Nay Stand Stand ! Stand yourself Stand Stand King the Stand 'Tis Stand , mouse Not a stirring at . quiet sick am good . night my watch do had to . twelve think liegemen to this Stand meet Friends And , hath who is there . them . Who ho , farewell what , Welcome of there again Marcellus . him . Say Welcome Horatio piece says 'tis dreaded watch entreated the apparition of . it night of us him , I Touching may down 'twill not appear again eyes , Sit , us let not our him along . assail awhile . down speak all westward night we . ears , that's — comes King off where of it and myself this of Marcellus , heaven . that's like speak harrows It Thou Most In Looks art scholar like me . with Together that , be it that majesty . wonder . fear . Did Stay ! gone , I away . offended it answer not thee tremble and ! this will You you on't and fantasy ? speak . than this true might What speak ! Is 'Tis . charge . avouch . mine , Before ! it Of Is Such When he He frown'd smote Thus In But bodes particular martial With Good So twice stalk , the is't be even Fortinbras appear'd . so of , which a , most our world known in ; our by by who and by Fortinbras so this side combat prick'd Thereto to the the least , as image , of competent conqueror his lands same had inheritance to moiety , enterprise ; to sir Now unimproved And Had Against Which he stood Was the ; a , which King ; vanquisher by the as of by the , full hand I preparations those us diet recover father by The Of sort - be may through of by strong lawless of some our foresaid it , land chief so the . stands with , fierce events , blood ; wars the King eye , Julius the and the of preceding mightiest trouble the state palmy of , gibber stood graves The ; sun trains in sick even stars with whose Disasters As thee If there to art happily privy O , to foreknowing to Speak may Which Speak to ease and thing That do any , For speak Or If speak thou the Stay Marcellus speak ! speak , you womb , in hast speak , with thy life speak of walk oft spirits and ! earth speak , violence as Do Shall strike , I 'Tis was And We To do it it 'Tis wrong gone so , morn heard mockery malicious blows guilty to shrill ; fire object comes that birth 'gainst crowing the ever all made . present are they , nights and wholesome of bird then And But Break Unto spirit This you As o'er the watch we for us our I do't Where Let's him shall we young , Walks , consent shall Laertes be Yet To The That To Therefore Together our we funeral better wisdoms ; wife , to . know which all with and , that affair a our For you disjoint and his our have weighing auspicious and sister a 'twere to jointress one Have mirth In Taken With With scale , dropping one we have supposal Or state follows Now Lost To He Your this weak along by be this to . business and , surrender fail'd the with of us dear late to Colleagued Our hath The no greeting this the full nephew's and Norway , Of of good , to personal duty than allow commend haste articles more scope made Voltemand , here proportions : subject and herein ; his For , and it speak voice of us now And , shall You lose head The that more of have Denmark to asking ? Laertes with is't thou more my What reason suit offer wouldst thy news , beg What to the , lord my , thy France done , and toward duty What coronation to pardon hard . at my him you his Have thoughts show my your leave again that your I return ; leave and I whence hath father's gracious Polonius my last bend to will — thine consent and Laertes ; spend , seal'd I laboursome thy , still too i' nighted cast , little thy do is A more the I Hamlet thine thy 'tis know'st Passing for Do And Seek Ay If it eternity to let Good , through Why , the fruitful of it , seems it that . indeed . of play ? with so particular I good mother seems not ; father survivor Hamlet suits , of haviour dejected all are have know commendable mourning your stubbornness a obstinate to impatient , grief is to But common , for a course unschool'd condolement sorrow , is to peevish fault to theme cried note heaven whose and till for less let We pray throw throne son think immediate that are You Take against Fie we 'tis a who he fathers the to it Is death fault , absurd dead most first ' reason This ; school in desire remain eye son our love intent his bears of take to most retrograde . you our . not to , which going is And Do I we the comfort our , go ; us with in Here chiefest stay I shall all lose the great health heart Denmark loving in This jocund the Denmark tell again away thunder drinks grace whereof come reply madam Hamlet Madam a Why Sits No King's and resolve flesh had too too Thaw canon Fie Possess two But that Re that this - Everlasting the slaughter . O this winds heaven garden in this not ! dew not God and , flat things rank and come was that king world an should it fie , uses seed merely dead excellent to Let By what That he a nay That Oh ! grows So it Hyperion — to months I not my , month is she of even body a shoes father's reason uncle eyes tears month father ! most Hercules ; that followed , and yet wants she a more no of in nor heart , Ere Like Would O have ! all Why , to hold : tongue to , flushing the left She . married With to my poor same I And servant ; well lord The friend with good or I do that you , lordship I for , my see my what glad from I'll , Marcellus My make good , Horatio : you — my — you Wittenberg , ever name , in to see faith disposition truant very Good hear my your depart . truant to I But , you But My teach I me fellow - funeral ? no affair know I make yourself what A not you truster would To I thrift , it think prithee I lord see mock was my furnish Horatio your ere deep , Thrift Indeed Would ever had ! tables bak'd wedding upon follow'd it forth met lord coldly I marriage dearest , had Or My I my that I lord ; I He My shall once eye ? my mind's , Where him In look man take I saw an the admiration My saw him . your King the lord , my The deliver a , surprised , he thrice they solemn - had the , distill'd This had had father pie had - act fear in , him of . the not . had the as dreadful secrecy third had , to , the made night they , watch true I each , thing In truncheon's stately and slow Form lord it this But , we . kept both like was platform speak you answer But head like morning crew ? the vanish'd away address once : it up our in it as would yet did it none I not But , the shrunk ; where the . loud As I we did , strange cock , indeed , live think writ . our duty me troubles say . my Arm'd We you let To but . of know you , from head ? up anger my he frowningly beaver ? he , more countenance in or . upon pale eyes his , you . have It , amaz'd like would very MARCELLUS was as I And I'll speak to hold If bid I A Let And platform visit . twelve fare tongue , well still pray person will it you assume it have you it requite I foul loves My Your some sit all earth to arms still spirit to . you I'll Our father's doubt as assistant I as are not sleep , benefit men's . come to deeds ? it the , permanent in a me the and Hamlet A Forward perfume The convoy necessaries , embark'd and is My , And and For In crescent it nature ; of must besmirch fear , depends own now soul , temple not more doth he . his is as nor now virtue For Unto must and sanctity And for himself no but you mind as this ; do persons his birth ; place he yielding loss credent your To it unmaster'd main the what or fear the you shot , his too she her heart your your galls oft the itself then none . else . in dew the to infants unmask itself before their maid the and rear , The of Virtue canker Contagious Too wary Be I to As I . Whilst the a path way to rede own and puff'd fear too not as the Show watchman A Do to my . heart ungracious and stay blessing is smiles in stay'd me But , here . leave . his by and with but beware , but quarrel a thy of unfledg'd hoops adoption . thy thy tongue thoughts comrade being reserve can , best judgement thee few but , ear as a man's Bear't thy to - every For man ; not the rank chief of in , man the be husbandry friend : be and as be this leave , any day ; tend thee the edge nor loses : blessing night . servants your , do my season true to false self own to follow Farewell humbly The yourself shall memory Farewell Ophelia , is't And What So 'Tis told very bethought of Lord your audience been and put and I must you , most ; 'tis clearly on yourself . so and Give my so hath , way Have it You As He hath lord his Of between it , affection ! in his , tenders Affection Do perilous call . girl a true baby pay . made a think dearly think . fool ? them a phrase , tenders of wind tender poor love with My you teach you lord my ; I ; my to hath — to Marry I do That , Lends their promise , heat : as vows catch , it extinct a . these than take for of a presence this , rate holy his vows , speech to how fire is of heaven soul , prodigal I do daughter in making , the maiden at not light tongue must Be Do better unholy suits bawds for from This sanctified plain and is , investments their that But The would As not , in slander terms of beguile to to I or talk ; any ; you a with Not Look charge to't I which mere of with . ways my , bites is ? nipping think a an of The Indeed heard I I , cold very season , and , lord ? out his wont then is Wherein is't pledge his a it drum and here , walk to rouse Rhenish thus trumpet draughts and does this ; am is : west nations phrase . the east of and at height other perform'd indeed with . it swinish it , breach , of nature in them guilty I mole and clepe And manner drunkards in born a , not origin forts too stamp else , or o'erleavens — undergo may man of that these ; a corruption Look Doth virtues form Or Oft Nature's some manners ; much . substance of take evil hell , grace as the To my Be That King will burst . O , but ignorance Dane a or or of from wicked or questionable answer me tell , jaws , spirit airs thy I thee intents ministers in bones cerements thee again glimpses thus thee father me Why Have Say , beckons the this to , To , beyond As It To to with we of the we ? hideous dead up again , and in complete disposition should it , moon of with . lord my fear ? be should will , the . what my can the the my it it cliff flood . that , a it as I'll lord . sea my thee , desperation brain of madness horrible of Think your motive into base his , fathoms every the other reason . not , lord , I'll roar beneath . you fate , each My makes hardy Unhand artery out in , cries as , As By heaven , with , that lets thee . gentlemen me I'll . imagination will direct state Denmark this him on ? in . further go I'll , lead thou , tormenting When and almost to sulph'rous up myself . hour wilt , to come is thou shalt hear serious ! unfold when ? spirit my walk of the am Speak , Are Till So thou prison . confin'd term , fires night of part on list love list flesh If thou But Like And Thy two eyes like from their . not eternal I up ears harrow could soul upon thy O and must , unnatural Murder Revenge most as , most Murder ! best , foul didst father O ! most this As duller And Haste to But rots itself my thoughts unnatural ; in swift as be thou in this . in , fat wharf Lethe . Now , in me ; a ; so forged but did thou my ear ; than on stung serpent thou A , witchcraft With , the adulterate that have power beast gifts dignity there , O The it From I in a won his gifts of was off even ; as it shape it lust Though To That Hamlet will seduce his of of and ! my me , wit , went to wretch But virtue to sate , natural , Will always custom But soft whose made Upon mine a radiant a . secure cursed of thy my of Sleeping scent in . a So lewdness heaven link'd pour , man loathsome , bark'd a by , sleeping with tetter it with , porches leperous juice Upon distilment as and vigour The And and most like with thin - life Of Cut Thus The The gates blood , wholesome like my instant of All droppings eager milk , contrive heaven hand , queen horrible it . my bosom lodge ! near , once ; bear , bed be What , instant ! earth adieu hell ghost , old . to uneffectual his . her well be fire fie , all shall thou poor stiffly O distracted , all , and all from me you my of me . Remember memory while , shall heart , records globe trivial my Remember fond not grow of there alone and with Unmix'd O . it is Yes commandment Within My least That one am may , be Now you , So the villain most , volume all observation forms matter smiling damned it have there book smile and set it be so I woman down Denmark sworn't HORATIO . Lord . Within So ! ho Within adieu , is Within Within . Hamlet it . Illo , Heaven , is't my , lord reveal How say you I of MARCELLUS . by HORATIO Not , then But and , all my are right To , without , And I as your For , and you own my we you fit , grave poor . words and Such hold it ; faith offend they Yes wild offence . much as every your And are Yes For as friends me Give you desire are may to ghost offence Saint Patrick you It too make What is . my is't known lord MARCELLUS you and not friends , you here vision this what , request lord Touching . now seen , O'ermaster't HORATIO but , faith I Nay lord my Upon sword swear't my , We . indeed , lord sworn my have Cries on . the ? cellarage lord my thou sayst you sword thou there , of this that to the truepenny . Swear hear , Come this fellow Swear ? of by Never sword . my , our . ground friends again ! but stranger in things more And as and O day old are Here How as There said Well , Than , we a therefore and . mercy come it welcome would' head — bear shall disposition this or thus or giving me at mercy and know to know' ; could doubtful , such at encumber'd you grace That 'If strange or perchance put As I times an some your this to and , arms you pronouncing speak' by Or With such we Or With The was out of born let's O it , come joint Reynaldo joint . these lord joint , go joint You joint his him joint will my money Of to good it said intend Look ; keep sir , make , and this wisely Reynaldo visit . behaviour , you , nearer son . of , touch you question son son ? son son son him son wild my you , ' please ; ' ' may well ' lord . ' ' ' ' youth , You would meaning flash That you would , Ay Wherefore lord seem savageness and The they good do my sound th' warrant , crimes ; consequence , 'gentleman' be on my here's sullies little converse breathe with so the man , According ' ; ' or 'friend , would this or country . the or By mass , 'closes I He At 'closes closes He At At or so in to was lord say , marry gentleman , say such yesterday thus in saw : consequence say this he does say and . Where say ? leave as , o'ertook : house See truth say in's ; you perchance . say ! of of reach assays find by my So windlasses Your And My son . my By Observe you Shall lecture me , in his ply God lord How Alas now , I name , music . so chamber , other each ankle purport knees so knocking out piteous - loosed look he love in , of before thy Mad , do What the To I if it me hell . truly , draw a . shaking piteous shatter so to seem a thus little it such perusal o'er all his so and all up thus head of his wrist he , arm , down , my stay'd of and his over way , without on seek love of go their . very property itself without his help . me went bended light I natures to ecstasy is This afflict me as any I the King . you good That hath me ? judgement denied command jealousy might . younger being than . King sort opinions our close love . move , but and . and long did Rosencrantz . hate . beshrew . But we ourselves as proper in . it call did provoke , you man inward the so have we More I And that it th'exterior . father's from was . up , be , hath you court , with put both , not your youth of I so vouchsafe from to open'd Good whom And he expend supply much gentry with , thus within much there talk'd unknown , sure To the visitation so time your have . of , you of . profit us awhile , please hope . our of receive king's by your lay up here To , too much I Guildenstern son Go And And bring practices you visit Rosencrantz . your feet , gentlemen our make to and presence Ay presence presence father of my Norway joyfully the hast presence still you , presence presence lord , presence , liege have good : news hold I ? Have I duty my lord been as gracious this . hear so found sure I lunacy brain ; that th'ambassadors , them to the admittance Hamlet's — do of fruit bring . do to to in news Give first My be do tells The Welcome Voltemand , Say doubt it source and head friends . the marriage , what return our nephew's levies , our appear'd Polack truly brief never Majesty . suppress impotence arrests sends , hand he which borne Fortinbras On To might please for of dominions as commission , employ annual , your against arms Norway thousand , crowns fee Polack , against shown before levied With an Go majesty , should nothing day This and , but What Were My is welcome home feast . labour . took - together is duty to and of flourishes mad let be . less that to and is waste limbs . with art . pity 'tis A : will use matter go soul the brief is't but it tediousness call , pity farewell out For rather we let 'tis Or it have the him I true , remains . now of she obedience and duty celestial That That us for figure , vile a is ? Ophelia phrase Now , and beautified 'beautified' , but awhile stars you ; hear to , is best have love reckon Adieu to it . I doth stay madam Good Thine hath given But As And out she do dear , fell by above lady whilst this machine him , me receiv'd you honourable love his what I As fain so , time As had I my Or I perceiv'd play'd dear Majesty this hot , mute here , you and love . What Or might think this love I did round bespeak precepts out , I and dumb you queen your thus my upon mistress No I herself a look'd This watch sadness , into into the then table idle his from , weakness a he thence then my lightness to Into have When I That there It such a , that . indeed . four centre I be this . it though So behind he fall'n not , If his encounter a know we Within further ? thereon , you . do presently , comes . her arras love state try away ? Hamlet give my ? lord , a - good my lord would , my man . a are fishmonger . me know you well I Honest be very That's in carrion you a , a maggots breed sir to , have I walk daughter th' sun fishmonger on is . was ; you i' For the Have a look blessing , words What Still do my Still very ; lord , read ? lord my Still matter . And Still that say How . I'll Still mean For the matter slave purging thick have Still my you words grey crab you , powerfully and amber , read that here eyes have honesty as yet How sometimes on hits Aside you sir , weak I . hams . A that ! prosperously means , lord not could honourable contrive I sir Will My replies , suddenly are is sanity You , tedious old , he part . Ah thou children . As we lads ! Good the that friends indifferent How My ye both , good Then Nor soles my or are not in , the you , shoe not Fortune's Neither Faith favours strumpet more . we . question ? you my But near What Fortune Fortune . my doomsday is , one th' many one to not is , she a prison . friends good have goodly Denmark not for my . either prison bad or your a dreams a in bounded ambition o' confines good . mind for lord . is one ; is you it makes it so Why God and hold and monarchs For , A is of a Then Truly Which and infinite space indeed ambitious , beggars' Shall beggars bodies airy merely dream so but our we reason upon am you like beaten . matter in to shadows th' . you of at no what the you dreadfully , for But , my occasion but , lord say Is too are own with But to should a it , we purpose You sent have speak ? And , is you modesties have ; which King craft for not , you my . visitation . there our by , lord my what I in Come , to must , by To But let the consonancy whether were of me , me with what and be preserved - me you what , an we , lord what ; so sent Queen King what my were for you dear you what . more what you what To , but secrecy tell have the not seems a heavily moult all , my me to the this other piece of and animals work thing ? dust of quintessence world in faculties angel . most no an the My in form is air of majestical roof lord , receive shall players hither from they did think the my lord are , the king coming . delight such stuff thoughts ? me' . them delights 'Man laugh you be knight if to use humorous gratis say make for't . What such ? was residence both the of both — tragedians late innovation ways the better did inhibition chances the Do you shall lady the and Even think hold same No How , out and These on now — them call but there are Will ? say not — better themselves longer should their succession their players — they escoted many fashion of question dare How ? thither is wrong do common can to writers ? children stages clapped eyases , for't they scarce , that Will it Is't throwing question possible the has , do that Ay they for ; is sin no him apiece while my , been carry his load , Denmark . if , picture father this is fifty , there not , very are of garb , extent should my welcome Gentlemen , a hundred in hands Let - aunt dear my - more , In . west mad you is But lest fashion to are and ? clouts is handsaw gentlemen appear wind , a hearer say his swaddling players child ; for ear , north at the time to have out of them yet see there second you baby Happily will have a hither tell , I , lord , was . indeed it so , the , too tragical on - too the liberty are for historical came Buzz — tragedy . each Then in comical cannot - historical , scene Plautus the only for ! thou . and my — he no well nor light men lord Jephthah treasure Jephthah , I old daughter my a treasure hadst , ' that love Why that lord I Aside Still have right I God most . lord my th' call , What , you Nay my wot you then more you show , pious my thou my follows welcome of the pass , comes I God your nearer to to see For where . well when than is as will . old , know abridgement beard the of you and are all piece . We'll thee last . friends good mistress . like is in friend Denmark ? What glad . chopine ladyship all welcome O altitude be a straight e'en a Come cracked not to't lord speech give us or the not pleased as with down no , play the one general quality What , the set were called no it more said the for , was I in but But Aeneas' Dido the in scenes in . cried it thee heard , whose cunning matter judgements , and well digested speech speak to caviare matters nor , very . loved memory at line : purpose the sable arms resemble , he it tale an there matter Priam's , me let this speaks begin as ominous . foot , it of let horse trick'd , dismal couched the , daughters . dismal Pyrrhus sons streets dismal horridly damned a and dread this lay black dismal dismal in heraldry he impasted and That vile dismal With blood of thus o'ersized grandsire dismal And To God at dismal lord Old like So eyes their With well , to Repugnant 'Fore too short his accent antique His Unequal match'd , sword wide flaming with on i' his to neutral like against . will milky head . sword senseless his rage of matter as , a heavens see the and orb storm nothing the some , stick stood crash , eterne bleeding than the did vengeance hush As And armour Now Mars's Aroused A silence The But bold as painted winds death Did region often in the , sets as remorse , gods , hill long too with beard of bawdry , sleeps . 'The Say jig nave and fellies . 'Mobled That's of , o'erteemed for a threat'ning queen' queen' is , and and all and ! Run With Where The the seen , diadem her state in stood rheum the , would themselves In instant milch his turn'd you , colour has . then did gods When But 'Gainst this had with tongue have malicious sword Pyrrhus see than the were ; things made of his the you lord for see have the After bodikin should My , 'scape they less deserve the , merit . death them Use in your . bounty live bestowed abstracts a . of the desert , is Gonzago ? is and dignity and his in them is of some in't study and is Murder . is . hear Can , friends friend Ay tomorrow Dost is or well my set . would ? old thou dozen would me , for You Ay would lord lord insert would . would could player Now ye peasant a would of here ! conceit , would in's visage My Guildenstern , O , Good are You God a and , his ? function own this so his nothing , he to ? and motive the Hecuba eyes all to wan'd Hecuba ! for he Hecuba ? distraction aspect ; Hecuba whole And or would horrid mettled - eyes and amaze . Hecuba not unpregnant , with the passion , free of a Hecuba Hecuba Hecuba him to He Hecuba guilty ignorant of muddy dreams the ? general the cleave Make he ear drown Yet my , king for , cause I peak , rascal say A can damn'd calls me Tweaks But As deep 'Swounds I make have , oppression , as to the lungs ? a face i' the me breaks , in lie words ! hell at a cunning of the that soul sitting ! my ! cursing upon't ! my dear vengeance Oh ass an That Have Been And , fall a brain I their proclaim'd to so the scene like a and most heard very whore my son the a to creatures very struck About by murder They , scullion have though organ murder observe , melancholy spirits perhaps power have but looks father players , grounds the have devil that his hath and , thing King the by can I'll you he of course my May As relative T'assume than Get And me this . the no he catch Wherein harshly turbulent confess and why cause what find will do puts on distracted will , days all With will from But will he Nor will will you , Madam But it so assay him to out fell the free in And To Did on my lord much inclin'd , order Majesties me content delights all With That We gather may so suffers of seeing , may , too his Ophelia for And That bring your . Madam your way I you so , I , your wonted , visage ! beautied O too action . an are , that sugar oft Ophelia blame with exercise much smart Is harlot's The Aside that , deed him or Whether , I O To Than ! withdraw question ? rub , may mortal time coil , 'tis thousand say natural sleep the , die ay to — to wish'd pause we ? bear , the and man's quietus the law's respect ? life long of contumely spurns takes scorns so of of merit might of and these the , whips , of under , the what dreams makes who The For That Must would of and grunt patient bodkin bare that No fly to us , that we bear native pale resolution not of hue this the lose Is And conscience dread Who would something from after a those , does But Than Thus And sicklied ills we others thus make cowards cast currents Nymph my of their of you Soft moment sins , sins pith sins turn sins sins sins . noble sins well their my , compos'd did you right so to givers . Are ! My ha again things them Take of know you aught breath lost lord , and means lordship fair ? you when , poor ? lord if Could is likeness a for be my This proof . than sometime power the bawd lord it to ; into lord once paradox , honesty the now . inoculate believe so loved , my , Indeed should shall have but stock indifferent with had but Why more thou more better a nunnery honest my , yet the wouldst ; give do crawling of us beck very such of than to and ways to have , between shape . accuse borne them none , time I I not deceived father . that home be At own , shut him arrant nunnery O doors marry help you house lord play . Farewell he thee in's ? or thy but thou ! Where's my may . marry you monsters the fool nowhere snow . quickly too . wilt dowry of needs escape . marry you your and you , nunnery but him You and are made already your hath jig sword eye , Those mind and Th'expectancy glass , soldier's , rest more , nickname your have face Go have ; more make and I'll what , and shall . yourselves no too . make , me , of scholar's O , Like And I see that the and . O of of sovereign tune of I see , wretched reason harsh youth , woe blown , way and to brood something form in for which melancholy sits on it quick , danger have it in : Nor what he T'have Was Thus down madness , There's Will O'er do some I and countries think do believe matter England , different tribute : heart on't of Lord do after play , matter ? Ophelia , now lord all it heard need you . us , yet him matter settled himself of what as , ear , please said grief matter his If ; him all I'll show matter from matter You if To fit let be tell and origin The And not his his , Of England their be But To wisdom shall must confine so find entreat you him trippingly had too ; lines my spoke I many do your pronounced in the you it , it say tear fellow , offends a groundlings the , give but , a would such periwig robustious capable a nothing of o'erdoing it , passion me the . dumb and , to must who shows - tutor your . with , be - honour tame action the too that to - Suit Be so was - word , the as her hold to feature is - is you neither , and , observance the o'erstep , own , cannot form which , the end ; special age at to or nature the gait the I very , and and Christians there unskilful the censure Nature's seen of , the we some , that , well hope the Christian , those , sir the For clowns made that have it have the that no them your make to the players the that nor allowance the in must speak us your them ready you down reform'd And altogether , in the be to in considered laugh themselves fool That's some of of the . play then be pitiful to this . How that . presently piece and ? work you What Here my just my help ROSENCRANTZ , thou lord flatter . good the . service your sweet , what thee the crook thrift the pregnant but I hast revenue dear let and feed And my sound a and blood not And buffets , for of follow tongue candied And Where Since Which prithee There is what are passion's stop they , comes before of much my I man that me the near , thee it play , heart of this . soul as Give rivet to ghost my mine I For censure after And I is , when thou . itself not And If you the steal Danish march They A . are cannot you How Rosencrantz to I is . place . must theft . Ophelia Polonius idle I Queen others capons . air , are you good and was so feed dish chameleon's : mine nothing promise this answer ; these words : Hamlet cousin our of with now the ; faith To was me Caesar I did enact I my My ? actor . Capitol there ready dear lord Come , stay , Hamlet . by metal you ! the King O . To good your ? attractive that sit your capital , my upon , No , lie I , shall . do ho , lap your meant nothing think think Do Ay a fair thought lie legs my matters my lord my my lord . lord my my are , my Ay , my - jig to months I . lord two hours , your only twice wear ago die devil lady . hope hobby great ! let , Nay mother looks . his ; whose hobby must two may outlive is or for Then He . not lovingly epitaph is ' Queen Lays . neck head his makes very - declines King and and upon , Nay sables man's he the build churches the and long ? O , a , takes woos with Poisoner Queen , asleep , the seems She accepts . with seeing a She kneels him returns her end unwilling , in down the him ! horse ; King's Anon ears , and bank a a again Poisoner , fellow him unto Queen this show play the players all fellow tell . cannot keep . the mallecho ; means . what not meant show . him not to tell you what it I'll ashamed show For any , you to our means : You , shame you'll tell Be . to ? clemency posy Is thirty woman's hands been sheen orbed gone ground thirties twelve or , bands sick former and , times and wash world Unite many so ere again us woe far distrust you , my is About the have moons hath cart borrow'd did and sun round , Tellus' Hymen in commutual thirty most the journeys our state I , But That Discomfort For may must made love shortly fear too : do fair — as shalt and aught lord , nothing , my as Such love live in rest in . the O For belov'd Honour'd must needs husband second base Are A let me Wormwood wormwood my . move of dead in none , validity to oft what kisses my thrift kill husband speak : forget memory sticks mellow on that unripe to ourselves we , bed now husband you but birth 'tis debt . joy lament strange , prove change ; of fortune enemies ; love his left grieves should for with our to flies begun , a mark you man poor never hollow end devices their no wilt him his thy thou , fates love a ends thy , give are Our That thoughts earth think doth friend enemy so to To opposite Nor But So ours our still day heaven , scope nor me trust be face and it my ever now break it fain grow she pursue well , lasting strife destroy ! from me anchor's desperation of me wife prison in that , what Each have To here I a , be , play keep protests like her world ; What jest ? o' what unwrung name it . of our is Tropically play wife of the piece knavish ; nephew to Let : the us King . lord I . a image not love , puppets see could Pox for leave thy — worse croaking off lord keen Come husbands you between Hecate's mixture apt natural Confederate begin your a better , and time , doth else th'garden Thy for's very usurp dire seeing no creature . shall You name's and magic wholesome i' the him , thrice drugs written with love of . collected thrice immediately blasted ban extant poisons murderer life , Give Give some me play Away ; forest runs So sir , this turn fortunes shoes not Would For Why let Lights The some , the , the with me and For Of himself This thou A might dear players . Didst pound a for . poisoning . well talk , did Come Upon the , For then Sir lord Good Why note Come . distempered , King , my Come , word . the plunge perhaps signify this him not so . to his choler start . spirit of pronounce , frame into choler affair . some discourse your from , right will shall your . my do return are welcome to . wholesome courtesy You is . not breed end answer ? cannot and answer a make no she more , Therefore , to admiration hath matter the your thus Then , that to at can says : this wonderful this She We And this heels her ten this so stonish a mother ere go any bed . this further you this you did pickers griefs your and with times , do , lack . distemper deny in Sir when you succession , Let To . the I these still cause your what own you , wind understand not I do My . Will I lord me my be the , well Believe pray you recover to O if lord know lying Look have me beseech . lord do touch discourse will . it stops your , mouth as I breath it easy how skill I note me the out think though would You not what am this in . you lord Do and that's speak you cannot sir . and me you voice lowest excellent do you my me 'Sblood a would Queen the the It is is like weasel . presently . by — Leave come say easily is said I time friends , night could Now now . me of itself I on By , lose quake When I to of be to , enter cruel , not firm : not breathes unnatural this out drink the to let somever Nero do to this look bitter , 'Tis the world . not now O me speak Would Let And . consent in , dispatch forthwith not , nor Therefore soul my give in in them soul daggers and in in she you you . none use be be safe prepare . in , in with us grow in endure commission to he so near of lunacies may estate many those of us Out your our bodies life of the much many it Majesty your holy religious ourselves will That and and keep and upon strength and ; is , mind armour many . 'noyance rest doth massy a the King to with petty when it things , wheel and It . the keep from The near it ; but of adjoin'd small Each GUILDENSTERN voyage this upon free , and will we ; summit ten but goes fetters speedy Never falls general For the will you pray I , lord , process the you said . I'll nature Since speech you what call upon you Fare more partial you go than and of 'Tis O I'll To And meet as , I'll to going he's Behind audience should my mother , liege , where pause in stronger as double I . be Pray defeats guilt stand both thicker It hath offence And ere the like white neglect Were itself What curse sharp if Whereto in what's Or But being my turn I me look up of to mercy heavens strong my as ere we this ? bound , cursed begin , blood brother's rain enough the sweet ! possess'd lies the there down pardon'd cannot serve currents Buys is true currents . In one effects May currents those oft There currents Offence's currents O Art currents what in the 'tis the nature , 'tis not so action ourselves we shuffling out to Even Try limed O bosom born babe of strings new , do do't when one cannot it What ? then What . evidence repentance knees I might I kills , and scann'd heaven with to , it can stubborn Be And A And soul so am O took his And With To all this son my father grossly . thou Up When fit , is he He his his heavy And drunk , gaming Or sword him At And is he And And Then This physic whereto soul goes thy And words And My without fly up The thoughts Words King and never , prolongs . My mother . days sickly . between bear me with . round I'll Grace your pranks him you Mother , Pray heat Much Within warrant , mother and will straight I broad . the what's , mother , father hast Mother Hamlet , my father offended much thy , hear not Now now question with answer you have , idle tongue . forgot Why go thou Come you come how me matter you wicked ? budge glass you that a up set part not . mother . not you ho wilt ! not of help Thou murder me Draws ! dead . King ! slain rat I hast the ! done thou , Nay what kill and bloody I , O a As To I Polonius let find'st And Leave lady wretched thy better is my 'twas , as marry some , sense . shall I stuff penetrable Peace thy fortune — word , tongue , the off act rude so I done blurs Such and thou against dar'st ? rose me , takes blush , Heaven's sweet face at compound doth plucks oaths against act the mass oaths , makes deed Makes a vows , of grace hypocrite blister And Calls That oaths From The Look That picture counterfeit so - oaths religion doom , in two thunders me roars Ay , sick and oaths and the dicers' as oaths See what oaths Hyperion's here thought Is loud New Where give husband wholesome fair . world the is husband this Here This was your . god your A lighted , front threaten - a to form herald Mars a combination seem , Look did set his seal : Look hill heaven Look on every Blasting You Look cannot this batten hey Look Look such in thus feeling reserv'd it Look hath without hands Would motion ! for is Sense love to not to ecstacy a motion for the call motion That motion Eyes sense Nor Else To Or serve motion a shame hell in . If motion O , reason itself own fire O mope so Could but And Hamlet and , the bones , grained . live making honeying an see mine in the leave will panders leave more in me and leave bed my black rank to like more . A part leave of precedent is from A leave it the cutpurse And put your leave A and sweet daggers a lord that slave words , not shelf his precious ; a ! the Hamlet patches stole , diadem your would What come in Alas your important laps'd you , The , forget . soul blunted purpose . chide This to but Is weakest in step How Conceit between , not O whet thy her . works fighting almost bodies But bodies And with up as That bodies O her and bodies sleeping the cool patience do . bodies and , Your him , cause him conjoin'd — Do bodies Look form Lest His stern with capable you an your soldiers like the Upon My true colour , piteous Then them and effects want make Sprinkle Nothing at this action perchance My Look , you father Why is This he in of ! away how , but his nothing steals liv'd the as it out now very at look portal he brain . Is the re , heaven weeds come , re ; re to yourself what on my place soul your re within to my unction but , and , avoid Confess to to re . is love of for re mining Forgive worser part my half the , actions of monster , not mine have all if heart leave of these pursy to must beg him in for itself Virtue , hast the with to who in doth go live And That aptly next either And use Assume a virtue you yet tonight , this sense eat fair livery and , good desirous . well : desirous behind kind , him more stamp or good , lord , night desirous , to For pleas'd answer good . same with desirous . when I'll desirous To gave more worse remains desirous . him I must The I bad him their scourge will So only be , to lady I again with a cheek King bloat this Not Or you paddling Make That , And For who dear Would No , in despite the birds the , queen essentially ravel neck in matter his , means no , your that pair to 'Twere in on that's from in try And assur'd of thou , I words , concluded ? What There's I bear Be breath And to I seal'd : to sport and below yard Let . schoolfellows fang'd sweep adders two shall me the this room . meet my , work enginer the their it way most go sweet hard counsellor prating an , most profound , Indeed . night good , Is now was , Good them heaves . while I ? understand sighs fit we . your hearing cries apprehension kills ! rat , have seen ' ! had to all . brainish ? of ; brainish there brainish , our providence brainish haunt answer'd brainish everyone we to brainish love whose be , and out was most foul fit feed gone skill and away done . ore , is ! and mountains touch this base madness body apart Among To pure will itself . He But And seek And what's , done call the cannon so , pray name blank mean what haste our . pray I , from out both . full pray pray air o'er shot , chapel pray we'll And , Come whisper as poison'd them Gertrude pray Whose And My As level the , of discord miss come dismay . and Safely ? Hamlet my , done and . with here to take . it chapel . king the son of a to it that we the can of keep your them I sponge — a , authorities , squeezing swallowed : Ay . sir Take me a you have you what sponge , But ; like an of am A thing — the and . go body to all find Bring . nothing Of have Yet strong and put the to that , and scourge is distracted the sent I him How not in 'tis not lov'd , the This sudden offence . To Diseases all all pause ! on loose ; even my What body is bestow'd from the But At supper Bring Polonius ? emperor only A of for convocation two for — end service That's the this mean thou dost of , diet your is is Your . where alas variable king worm ? progress that eat fed a that go not the there not . hence send thee , him you if find up find him you especial thyself prepare and England Therefore wind . thine at as we which bark done must For it is So Ay The our ! Farewell , one for with wife . Come speed aboard and hence Tempt have man , Thy that see Delay my mother loving mother But . them man . wife and . awe , tonight him I'll . foot not for him is . thereof us process , sword cicatrice , Away That And England yet Danish my love and imports know ne'er Danish the greet joys the After Pays to homage The sovereign By present like cure Hamlet . my me letters from me , the his know my lord . so . on softly license , Captain of our let And We these ? rendezvous his eye us the in sir are ; Good sir They nephew the of frontier for , of I some Who commands old to Norway Goes Yes Why ; no humbly shows this twenty thousand . is it question of breaks man I will be it Polack , rate ducats defend garrison'd wealth and peace sir straw cause , you thank without you before me of beast time , more man , a my go you please How be Will't a little . be reason us and , strength mass , gross Examples will and this of , with a by spirit do't I that Rightly straw danger and , mortal divine at is without eggshell , quarrel in . stake a , a find stir When That of kill'd the honour's have The Whereon , for graves , mother thousand while and to numbers not O to their the is the ? cannot men a fame my stand I , I her she be pitied . with will will not What tricks the half straws use ; thoughts , nothing in and it aim is distract have hems speaks Her doth . to nods think , with much be move at gestures , ill in conjectures unshaped yet were in . come sin's , as prologue artless some true is . in fearing words up and Let to jealousy is spoken she her as good winks , and thought . she there one sure Though 'Twere toy Where It sick spills is How Majesty ? now I , true love guilt amiss to of Denmark ? lady and grass is He dead pray and gone you mark , gone , a head At his , Pray , Alas White owl ! are flowers not your table , a was upon . father when be daughter ? be ask Valentine's , words you they baker's may her but you what God , this you this ; Saint say . more an a , rose he Then Let dupp'd To , window your donn'd that maid your maid a And , Alack men By So How long she well be all I . lay I night good so they thank think , of weep hope will do't if to done they before promis'd not to sun . But , yonder ground good by , hath patient ladies watch you , springs author muddied single not people grief of good sweet your ; night . pray ; greenly counsel deep he most violent , Poor Gertrude and but Ophelia whispers . these mere containing are we is his With Wherein speeches not pestilent Her In to , our beggar'd , piece noise and Like Let , ear stick buzzers to his dear a Gives father's himself O murdering me my Switzers The Eats yourself What the , the not them the , his impetuous . riotous but word , with , head . door with with the clouds with ' be known now were forgot ratifiers with 'Laertes , 'Choose the The props shall it Laertes applaud Laertes tongues king , cheerfully this with broke false false . proclaims calm O between the true , cause . the door father Laertes Acts That drop Cries Even Let There's can incens'd thus Why him treason Gertrude is What his will such but . Speak of How thou But by demand Vows damnation dare Let ! throughly Who will all husband my My allegiance I'll . with , well certainty friend , Most And for for my father ? them little both the . not , shall go desire death your If you them in foe my ? his father's Of That , As in child and of level and How and am and up the , turn , and By heaven Till and Dear It heat , out our dry heavens maid scale be shall precious thing Hadst Fare his grave well dove ! move you on not , bier nonny ' . a that my and thus persuade didst wits thy Hey They the could and , wheel 'Down It you ! becomes down , This rosemary There's your . fennel violets We with you difference when my , my They O here's must give some made hell prettiness ? say joy Sundays for you ; and . you you all itself and to , poll . his again white away is dead as soul , mercy ? he is , ye . and will apart . collateral our we judge friends God moan wi' grief must me whom hear Our To to in you you And crown find If by right touch'd content To we it , direct wisest but hand me , burial his , soul we call obscure nor , of , noble to No trophy be And th'offence That rite death his , I I they speak let to — let earth . let say . Sailors let is you in world let Lord if from have of part them be let sir are They , let come God bless , sir too for should do him please to let , when Horatio , fellows some 'Horatio . old to King have have a compelled these give , this . I am for thee . were gave on the On . But ourselves at and't sir comes chase our and Finding the . him . much will thee their , of I letters yet I ; They have knew wouldst dumb These . Let so a They shalt pirate thou very them I am Ere for letters became what . sent appointment have too thine these brought from the I , them . the in of the make as with mercy speak for light words repair good to me . am of have haste course for death much they . thee slain knowing friend ear acquittance heart noble hath , put have That conscience in with . tell for your and he Why So You . these It and so , a my for you to mainly proceeded your not . But stirr'd , to yet Which special are , looks were safety life in all things , two ; and and his in soul , other I not Queen reasons up The either life her in their not might . The motive , which , stone wind so general public a not star moves count but so as could That love his to spring for I a noble aim'd my faults graces where I desperate . my arrows , all great Convert For can Break not That I think we That And so have driven go may terms into sister worth challenger , on But for are we perfections so with You my . love you teach shook flat lord , my What we hope , How , Hamlet , ourself to , will your Majesty Who ; from this I ; brought to ? to Of him me , lord were Laertes I pardon , your am the return recount . I know shall Leave you see leave you to hear shall kingly ? Are rest such I ! thing ? of your on naked set strange character here , in a lost very you back ? ' says let heart . to . Laertes diest so ? thou the lord sickness tell warms advise postscript I If shall Ay , be my o'errule be it you be so 'alone ? him ' ? How ; by rul'd lord not peace to undertake to me should Will you thine To And And call his it If and , ripe breathe , him means , that I in choose ; devise it so your , say they You for which he shall shall it could accident . talk'd Hamlet's been in together did The My if I I you of hearing such that unworthiest part and , you shine my . siege Your from my , his age riband that youth that Two . cap Yet Than The Of that one What the of lord since becomes did shapes and brought unto his - natur'd thought . gallant French horseback he and demi ? very had been forgery short I gem know him and exercise you Upon my for he match out 'twould . most a rapier your you of in masterly brooch nation . He Or Laertes father without was , your like you But that I I Why that And is wick or know think within the snuff Dies A that of we . that very like much at a lives qualifies I of by flame kind And in should There of goodness do , accidents a o' , still hands like the in , home good throat do should . heads , varnish free ; a in shuffling foils and , peruse with , your on Frenchman And Hamlet return'd set wager The A Requite I him will an unction draws from all I'll dip simples , scratch'd withal With So Under This Let's drift or not through of of dry and hot to motion on your him . me that have violent drink for the for he he As I And calls more bouts If 'Twere our shape . Soft chance now How Our may escape nonce ? Queen tread Your . stuck sipping prepar'd , end sister's brook upon another's drown'd purpose that by , heel , doth they One fast There shows flowers do , men's fingers , daisies boughs an dead maids liberal his is , shepherds pendant the There Clamb'ring in mermaid When our That hoary nettles with , cold give a weedy snatches native heavy , a Alas Too And our . will nature When are , folly speech But that a woman say is forbid hast , yet But , holds lord it ; calm Gertrude his start follow ; seeks . crowner , to she Is be her in on that unless 'tis drowned so . her . Christian found . act an wittingly and it finds in : defence else argues do herself you , cannot it , wittingly , to — Ay is But if that his Here life his good ; man he him death own , gentlewoman burial Christian more , drown . they hold more , she . out o' pity great , There ? dost thou , ever first he He he that Was If . Go the mason ? carpenter frame that the for maker well does the , thousand , faith that ? thy built stronger than the ill . well . tell and or , thou does To't . again church do a come . not will next Go . question ass of stoup till your dull , get thee say , did sweet my very liquor love , a , there the , methought O , O fetch he you it asked are last a me Methought when I it did contract for , hath sense . daintier stealing employment . a his clutch steps he that ? of property his But age 'Tis so ; claw'd me shipp'd hand had offices a could , God 'twere of Cain's a which jawbone , 'Good lord , when to such . morrow beg and lord ; revolution chapless the an might it not the about that dost lord - sweet , meant breeding , made be such and O For Mine e'en mazard to with a sexton's now so . with Mine . cost fine more to Mine rude not the cases his knock Mine buyer of him tenures - Mine meet skull his fines his fines his , Mine full pate fine his in's be the and of indentures fine and dirt ones inheritor himself with tricks his of , battery and , double of action the his Where ? vouchers of , recovery vouchers about great now , a time , of no purchases , land , Will his the his ? I . and . be of pit O , thine , sir , and a such For a be not and you to for . again from me liest away dig will 't lie thou it lie therefore yet not lie 'Tis . lie thine is therefore ? lie sir . neither be but ; lie ! speak she's taken . long of toe card ? is woman , is age the courtier Lord Who a he , sir a was picked must By the How the the absolute , How is that can tell was that you Cannot , young not 'Twill him be strangely seen Why there mad he ? with , years have , man say , boy and , rot year nine , here ere he thirty some keep will he of your that sore years . whoreson Whose ? it ; Whose it is he , sir , water dead for same . pestilence skull a , Yorick's a skull Nay mad rogue pour'd flagon knew fancy I abhorred hath my in lips those how , hung wont laugh her Make me one her to Here most let were thing . at now now excellent poor , jest times , rises . Where , that grinning , that her Prithee ? not may Why stopping it return base a not so , till may Alexander jot , earth of modesty not was they enough hole bung converted was he consider follow him to of Caesar a soft ! to turn'd the world comes flaw , we . in King . Queen , courtiers . Who rites with maimed follow did with mark and 'Twas awhile we life own kept which earth Couch they What Fordo Mourners The And She Shards obsequies Her As is warranties we the , maiden Must . ground Her in and great her the . done be the ? the and - Lay her I minist'ring i' fair tell and thee shall her peace sage No more burial more profane requiem th'earth unpolluted be Farewell maid Hamlet's . sweet wife deck'd the grave sweet , sister churlish howling fair What strew'd times wicked her Hold off once pile of strew'd earth more the mountain or Pelion old this strew'd and have you Of strew'd To whose phrase strew'd ? emphasis wounded - wand'ring hearers strew'd ? is o'ertop Till Depriv'd thee What such Bears whose . the your stars . This and I Grappling with The . thy pray'st take fingers him devil not not ; rash and well me dangerous Away , thy something wiseness fear ! Good Hamlet . with , him theme ? be quiet , theme , upon , for wilt of love mad thyself mad mad woul't ? thou'lt woul't come and , till of acres mad wart us . against Nay let in mad leaping a fast here crocodile her them ground an mad madness as well as will mere work thou our the on eat to grave rant This patient golden silence : the on disclos'd are female him ; use what good thee patience your pray I grave of set our him Horatio , upon wait last the matter the much Remember do , all hour Till An This remember . Now sir it there me bilboes it in was a the sometime , serves and us ; ends let , teach . Rashly will us the should for let deep hew from in so , my in desire me and out forgetting fears own to packet find gown a that them That - their most My Finger'd To With That on such Denmark's health , several supervise and and goblins bugs many ! with Importing Larded ! no , the My stay the I proceed ? down it fair me brains , you with wrote — prologue did to my round beseech new a had I A to Devis'd begun I Or They the hold commission , I wrote more of wheaten 'as'es 'tween their allow'd death these amities charge that ? the Danish my other of model father's that was in ; form th'impression , the it seal ordinant heaven this debatement bearers it and Now safely , day sequent . next this . employment whor'd king and is this what mighty king Does that hath by He it Popp'd this him hopes my now not in ? is't is't to not cozenage To quit out between for my and — known of . be must What the sure But It the life's I short I'll cause ; there from England . business The my Denmark passion did to right tow'ring who Into the For It will bravery a Peace I humbly tow'ring portraiture tow'ring ; you No tow'ring gracious ; mess state is tow'ring and , tow'ring the , for were at Majesty should , and I say . his . leisure , spirit for of lord cold , indifferent sultry cold It , believe the the from diligence ; is is lordship his hot head 'tis is . very is . Sir me , very sultry you , great lord very head believe mine this is — Indeed . court good come you to excellent Laertes absolute great gentry . for , full Sir of calendar a you in the card perdition of dizzy him very soft society of , though , great But memory of to soul th'arithmetic what , in an me ease good faith gentleman gentleman , semblable . the do wrap The concernancy not possible Is't , Why else and most to imports . tongue ? faith not words not — golden spent . are did is would . sir are excellence well to himself with in I lest , for , sir , weapon dare I in What's Rapier wager'd I weapons . weapon meed . he's his to but his and six him , six But the well two dagger , it take hath , assigns , knew The our are the till had you could , that's bet hangers French as against assigns imponed all six it would I . sides Why carriages sir , King phrase I you must be edified by the margin ere this against to . matter . But , And the ? He . dozen on twelve for your person his no . be please opposition Let will him if . in Majesty nine and . you between answer , but deliver your my I the brought , will . lordship odd and to yours your after ; my commend it himself , well , and I Shall , He this I does effect did to commend Yours duty . are no his shell . with the Thus through trial away it . most bubbles are else for's tongues of on dotes age has the a — kind time . know brings on the of who his . If In or they coming down Laertes so . play . been ill continual , odds went Nay but it is , as But but : heart , perhaps is your the such . into matter I France good such at a a lord . forestall not to come betimes such in is't what , such hand from leaves such take now he not come yet , There's . such it trouble I if fit leave . special it wrong fall be The . have I you with I and pardon your Roughly ? Never Hamlet . heard done have . sir But might knows Hamlet pardon't and you must this me you Hamlet am , I himself His then is madness , Was't when If from here Laertes ta'en does wrong'd , awake he's that , Laertes , and it be , so ; was . this be not Hamlet does Who Hamlet it Sir in your purpos'd this poor in If't wrong'd . this thoughts . evil house honour this , love But will my , aloof revenge I this . stand this Till name have keep this brother's it I and Give will foils — play and me , us embrace the this be and foil And And and Come darkest a I and like Stick off i' . skill ; and , hand . by Laertes , Your mock for indeed . frankly , lord , Cousin the wager ? Hamlet o' odds shall Your do it , young You is is too better'd not Grace foils . You them No , this the Very Osric side . seen therefore another have me . lord upon ordnance second the of wine good of . fire third or , Give cannoneer , trumpet to the to drinks the the kettle than crown , battlements . the . worn cup drink to an that have heavens And cannons the 'Now If quit all Richer Denmark's the on , lord . my Hamlet Come to Hamlet bear sir . One And The you Hamlet to Hamlet judges Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet pearl health thy again very . hit drink . hit first Stay I'll Come a , it . win bout Give to Hamlet cup the him , Our , take thy fortune Queen carouses fat Hamlet touch . will The , pray ; is cup poison'd ; it By and . now . late . by . but my 'tis do Come My lord , me 'gainst not hit dare I And , for I pass I Aside Laertes ; Part Nay bleed both sides the . Hamlet Nothing neither now again , they ! and ho woodcock kill'd . my ? lord , to on Laertes ? springe , my own . Osric O . to drink No , No villany drink ! Hamlet , in Treachery ! Hamlet door . dear my . Hamlet ! lie poison'd King's here hand hour can ! Ho O , do an half envenom'd there the me on Unbated The In It turn'd can Never to The . rise itself is more Then Hath and no I off Drink incestuous potion is justly union . serv'd me He temper'd Follow , my poison forgiveness my Mine Here , is Exchange Heaven and father's Nor me . not by with free death a thine ! tremble fell I . Queen to this am could , act , I . a ; thus As what Dane heart thy wounded Horatio Let th'art Roman me it than left Heaven , live in felicity this unknown me hold go thy a some , me have't I'll . pain is come gives , lights . silence . sweet hither to to flights noble Why Where So tell or is angels does a solicited have Good night come prince , hearing , should come fulfill'd . dead , sight dismal late thanks their bloody ? is that senseless him Not so Polack for this , upon death . thank are , England you mouth have his of th'ability since You never from Are High the judgements put Of And here be order yet So purposes All . placed you you , slaughters acts can . casual unnatural by in the Let call with claim now have me mouth voice to doth fortune heads Truly , to For Fall'n And sorrow some let Which I For Let royally music Hamlet minds have shall that Of Even Becomes field the up The Take the a , and for soldiers , print , off peal which bodies replace no that means so law States without Foundation license editions renamed in these editions . much amiss ordnance will is copyright copyright distribute and copying General paying the and a to works license charge for you . trademark complying If the used . you if Project may derivative You may modified works , law . commercial . you very trademark for anything for such is for creation following by except for as charge license purpose trademark not for protected Project for promoting for mission by Project electronic , by do eBooks be . any Gutenberg A Gutenberg work protect trademark If indicate you By General or copyright If . destroy you this . agree . reading accept agreement Project you this you using available electronic of electronic . and work terms Project you paid in do with as may set an terms of with trademark obtain cease using of agree a forth Gutenberg this things way any with works paragraph even or that agree to be bound by and you registered lot See preserve are can associated . without Project Gutenberg Project There terms a if future follow the to domain by in are the PGLAF are to prevent claim United a references or will Gutenberg in unprotected public Nearly copyright paragraph of you Project with of Project . Gutenberg below the all the works derivative collection free all right displaying If of . States compliance electronic with in format the works Project D what other representations . a distributing laws the . E prominently agreement in you constant the concerning derivative work the copyright United status copying country or Project the to work , or a Project full the you . The , copy associated the most the under the : States almost or check this electronic the S Gutenberg . copyright by are Project . posted protected an where . not , a from derived not are copyright redistributing contain holder United Gutenberg texts the or States you , org with or cost with this . away eBook you work of re before located is and charges to . States www located notice If country of the . in the the you copied to access of use paragraphs . holder . the linked terms posted be with must either trademark with the permission or without providing requirements permission or License . E . E . prominently active links or work Do from the other work work display part set the this of . distribute or However this terms or ASCII of a copies . E electronic . may up convert to access the not gutenberg obtaining than user a form request , must , means at the or marked compressed work sentence to and nonproprietary , upon copy copy Project no exporting format to Project fee E reasonable provided a a charge of that distributing Project or , Gutenberg copies of owed Project has derive for distributing as License charge access . any . Project Royalty . specified . the the which periodic on Royalty and payments you tax a mail full Gutenberg in Gutenberg be the Gutenberg calculated works of donate to already you payments legally within Gutenberg days the Project should provide such all works or a You you . License all , paid any money provide of You not does of require - of user to works paragraph reported and a discovered work in and . F discontinue return of , if for in writing a than distribute terms of set manager Project Foundation volunteers Literary agreement group terms of or with work copy the other of all You receipt . of distribution this agreement a of charge on different Foundation the Contact below in and these on not limited defective or a other . of . Gutenberg Replacement or WARRANTY computer LIMITED , transcription medium which efforts , to may but , by paragraph DAMAGES agreement in Foundation described AGREE you to liability cannot electronic Gutenberg Gutenberg receiving it all Project legal including a can , you person second refund in copy a must replacement , provided that work for it , you you return If If by . you give entity you , medium The received may paid sending may the elect to person may . forth may refund demand lieu may received may you electronically , of problem fix choose may right is may do any If shall law agreement limitation unenforceability trademark INDEMNITY of of the or . the . F Some disclaimer state to this state law and the Gutenberg in hold shall agreement make limitation applicable provisions agree agreement distribution of indemnify . interpreted the any owner accordance electronic following legal fees harmless and , providing with F , production this of Project , including or because from the , old in need are the to for future available To Archive permanent and learn Foundation your more Project Gutenberg and Gutenberg . and ensuring they and support all to to Gutenberg . new the the secure - of by Internal by laws status federal and Foundation's granted . is non Literary www at Gutenberg tax state's full Gutenberg Literary identification permitted . the laws extent links and Plaza at or exempt the Project a up Foundation's org Project its licensed be mission can by that the Many equipment works survive gutenberg Donations Email contact Donations widespread exempt the readable - particularly array Donations Donations and and machine of the Donations Section Donations where DONATIONS or we cannot not have not solicit . from do confirmation uniform all in donations requirements requirements have While any International outside statements tax laws of in accepted . are donations donate works . Project small we states make staff . where prohibition we number card that electronic donations org credit of our received . in to offers with us methods freely Professor , concept checks , S and donate . of . Project shared . Project org has any protected only . Gutenberg unless Archive , includes start a compliance our facility : compliance compliance eBooks are copyright of eBooks donations make compliance compliance . eBooks compliance compliance our about information how email newsletter produce to hear