? King the Nay Stand Stand and . answer , live Stand . Stand heart sick much thanks . this For 'Tis Stand Get . you had Stand ? to at . Barnardo Stand He most struck 'Tis bitter . Francisco bed a do The rivals of I hear watch meet , stirring quiet guard Well , haste ? Who . this , hath reliev'd ? night you Give O my , Barnardo Give , piece Welcome him is , has Holla you again Marcellus there ? Barnardo ! what Say A says Horatio What , not let belief entreated That have our . appear'd this seen tush approve to Therefore will , has thing , him apparition and 'twill down eyes along seen twice this , us Sit . story to come this the take minutes this us our again seen , all down pole have against assail , awhile again hear night that's speak from that westward sit Well us When break Peace Where The Look one — myself , like Had it Thou same then where ; the King to the King , spoke speak scholar . be me ? the with art In thou of buried . Horatio this heaven . night form Denmark speak gone 'Tis , speak It ! Is now How , Horatio God the , something ! it not the true believe ! might I Without sensible art ! very As Such ! and eyes ? not he combated had : thyself in on ice ; King mine ; and he and 'Tis jump sledded particular he to armour , by our dead . parle , an the this angry when strange . subject the observant he I task ; cannon most the daily implements of the whose from with week sore me tell for , night impress such toils , eruption not , divide be can same sit , So in of joint , Whose might What such a by can that now . this shipwrights the day , seal'd to ; that , Sunday whisper but you image the this slay At least , this with , stood forfeit Was Which Against gaged To the of inheritance ; to all a the design'd sir as which seiz'd as know Thereto ratified of King ; been by , article here , him compact moiety the mettle of list diet Had he Of in That For it But As , his a food , Hath doth the father terms the up Shark'd , a lawless hot , unimproved , recover of us unto some resolutes enterprise other , hand I the chief , preparations and , watch And this our and full , to , Norway . of our Is this , and armed Julius . eye fell A the graves the little A In was is most and gibber , Rome sheeted dews the , dead these like of King : trouble mightiest blood , comes , earth doomsday Neptune's ; stars in trains tenantless stood squeak the in sun of empire preceding and , Was sick to prologue As But even the . Stay where and omen like Have Unto our precurse harbingers I'll That it , And heaven together demonstrated climatures it , Speak Speak which strike Shall they , spirits earth ! 'Tis ! so , of show as the the vain We do is it And was cock . here It 'Tis offer here majestical 'Tis our to blows started is sea Whether Doth cock god in Awake The This It To Th'extravagant dawning Saviour's , is . long to ; abroad , dare power spirit all is of the that our bird The No Some takes So And The nights have look , you Do So Walks Let o'er consent Let's spirit Break do't and Lords Hamlet Cornelius This our be grief that , I and Voltemand . queen a and 'twere sometime far contracted sister sorrow with with hath , mirth That we our Th'imperial jointress to and have scale auspicious funeral , one of think fought one in so To Therefore Taken Your , you , we nor with dropping on ourselves warlike with barr'd frame , dirge dole freely , and in , law with us much of lands , for brother pester thanks herein young know late disjoint to with this that our by this Now Our Who Thus much the business uncle and his gait , for and So time of have , this : Fortinbras here meeting writ hears scope power Norway Voltemand levies suppress , show we haste : nothing it . you ? dispatch made all to VOLTEMAND farewell Dane , Laertes with asking Laertes let In that Farewell ; and is The Than , to the thy beg the the . reason what's news . our duty , to native What , mouth , Denmark ; done , pardon France ? coronation your again What my thoughts whence show To leave and my I , bend duty my to Dread must wishes father's lord them and you beseech your wrung be , slow consent time ; less , and cousin best hour graces my fair Take Aside Upon How little lord hang i' nighted friend a like with ever vailed Denmark off colour ? you on and spend more is my Not so Seek know'st through , it lives . the . much Good Thou for 'tis common eye look cast thy lids . with in solemn of river fruitful the suspiration alone Nor , the windy ! Why Ay , seems it Nay customary cloak ; For I trappings the have are all But they but and must In father But sorrow to , a a course the father father , for his , do know lost , filial In impious To obsequious most to But . is 'Tis incorrect , woe , vulgar and as common sense An For Take it As to against fault A That A a stubbornness will simple must be our 'tis a who pray till he , most the in thing peevish whose still died of throw the woe for , and , a fault , most know 'This unprevailing be of You less with the father most of should we Fie absurd no father ; you In is retrograde toward impart going we you bend school We today , son , to cried theme that throne earth note take love of you us eye son , our to our . desire remain Wittenberg dearest courtier lose her prayers our you of and cousin comfort go you reply Hamlet bruit shall shall whereof , solid would away clouds tell ; itself had thunder . speaking But the No This gentle ; to to smiling Sits jocund rouse Everlasting O canon How His me all the uses O unprofitable God ! world in gross 'tis , nature much should rank of and ! this not — garden him month woman even body old ! is reason on grown within shoes — her in salt brother have Would Had With my heart dexterity it I tongue sheets ! I am Hail I to for And , is left the such married for But break for for for change I'll make that Marcellus for sir Good — what I glad , would But But yourself To Against my you is know affair fellow father's deep in to my make not , your good my disposition you Nor I my lord We'll My think prithee I my , it teach , do see my was I furnish to my My , it follow'd hard upon . father goodly all him yesternight all . Horatio , not He I My I King my King ? his upon look With Been an thus encounter'd dead Marcellus Two witness the marvel love nights Goes In before Within exactly them oppress'd his By And Form as of , them . lord My , But The where . to lord I yet once ; away loud speak . crew cock strange . haste our sight did address morning , none it motion then the even But As morning we do I To morning We morning Arm'd morning do , Hold indeed 'Tis morning think it very tonight lord top my to troubles this my , lord not head his you my O yes face . lord you say ? My lord What countenance , more than in ? sorrow saw A very upon you ? been Stay'd amaz'd had Very I I While I I Not I saw't I I gape still this hell father's . again walk will peace in shall I hap , should itself though bid speak requite the will Give have you it Let And I'll If , warrant 'twill , noble assume it hold tenable conceal'd you pray I . hitherto And your an I it whatsoever loves visit farewell tongue tonight . twelve . deeds : rise ! will night All them all sit the Till Though play in soul , And , you and ; his in . you from , give sleep ? of toy , lasting , favour do embark'd sister is assistant hear doubt , not blood , that trifling , more more suppliance youth the a it Hold For inward thews In His Grows bulk and , himself he greatness virtue And nature crescent but this ? waxes , fear you soul more does loves , besmirch and now ; dear my treasure . importunity your ear what he in wisdom Then far act and place his . desire enough moon the open buttons infants beauty maid his saying songs sustain withal no is your danger and the fear unmaster'd , heart weigh Denmark Then Fear And of Out keep it shot before 'scapes itself is to of her morn are most lies keep lesson brother . near . of disclos'd the prodigal she The you If oft my as steep Be Contagious blastments And like a rede father , comes smiles primrose the stay me recks But upon in sits here Laertes is double . grace leave , second a aboard you of blessing sail shame There vulgar tried no There your . with There , There . There . There There station : buy can , ear thine thy the borrower loses dulls : follow own night edge thine as then , false not select oft proclaims best generous and of ; but few judgement : be blessing this I be to the of a nor my do : canst it Farewell must the both borrowing And Thou humbly take go , servants . of you said in yourself What to . and , keep the Ophelia remember well key said you I on bounteous hath touching put you me your of is it You that be Given Marry to been not As What it in , as , so of Give me truth clearly daughter , affection the up honour must free most audience do my Marry I'll know not , He , tenders my you the for true dearly fool a me yourself ; to , love call honourable me of yourself a the . you'll — hath sterling to lord both , making daughter the do , fashion , may the holy his vows , tongue Ay Lends springes With , Giving , When in You , The like sanctified terms , slander so you beguile you . In For Lord . investments , young Hamlet rate From your presence brokers show , bawds they are all from is suits . which tether may he , Ophelia of him . in a Believe And may Not But . or charge obey . I shall talk This this moment pious , Hamlet . lord , air , draws , then wont to season the , it It spirit held this lord ? walk my , it The Wherein What the not struck near . it does doth his and Keeps And to , drains drum pledge bray reels Rhenish , out . of it custom is't ? here . phrase , in are , and wherein , vicious some for though Oft The though of Or by some habit the breaking By Since nature down though clepe us in birth choose pales the else though Carrying though though that ; stamp o'ergrowth they origin , men , one that too , plausive — it To comes lord and his all , my ministers from wicked Be Be Thou own noble Doth or heaven royal , speak com'st I thy their saw we his again ! me To , dead up op'd canoniz'd airs spirit thou That ponderous again and , of Revisit'st not thee with Bring cast Have burst cerements ; marble may corse the hideous night thee and this mean jaws complete horridly beyond this So thoughts With It will you do by not , will lord it . action ground with away more go waves , should life a my what my And What if Or to beetles o'er you place That deprive into so That it roar to every desperation of into other . lord thee follow your Be ; you Hold , You each hardy rul'd artery lion's cries Unhand . Nemean in , shall off my me , say And Still am as heaven He As I is rotten of state 'tis desperate in Have will Nay what ; To lead thou wilt me Whither follow him . go me , Alas To Pity I sulph'rous render Mark up up to but what not Must almost up serious I up ? unfold bound to hear up . shalt fires up night , of days to to spirit when up , I a the foul the secrets crimes day and away done fast I , part combined like purg'd term revenge thy thou to thou art for the tell To for But . in my Till tale , in most Murder But Murder most and flesh of thou and foul know't meditation sweep or foul me serpent given not That May that than Lethe wharf , hear love of revenge thee be . sleeping out by 'Tis stung thou serpent abus'd Is that of With Ay wit witchcraft , O ! Mine prophetic wears did know process his that ; decline vow beast queen there and gifts , virtue . Upon But it whose wretch hand in marriage as shape heaven that adulterate the lust , that off . will , bed vial in Brief So lust soft But , to a it though in celestial . orchard ; body blood of through posset it of with enmity curd And The a And like like a sudden quicksilver was , All most , natural with swift such juice Upon my secure hour distilment alleys vigour my ears effect whose , wholesome smooth by of sent on made reckoning O the my With Of even in , blossoms brother's dispatch'd , be it bear my to unanel'd ; at sin my . a queen head Denmark damned nor ; that ! near once bosom thee be Remember to . thorns sting worm to , Fare mind mother those 'gins The And Adieu And Taint Let couch thy to - host bear you , leave , grow earth . old instant memory . O the in well heart a holds not ! O adieu adieu ? fie , sinews , And In All O My with And That away ghost from the table up me poor , stiffly thou But while globe distracted Yea books and volume set by so to may smile I woman of copied all , my a my be down in , alone all book O Meet it smiling . pernicious , is and villain It be So come , lord my bird lord ? Come ! ho Illo How ? news tell . it wonderful lord it . by , heaven my my lord , lord of secret . once , I Nor my I Not MARCELLUS , arrant my , the dwelling he's To , tell my lord . think it Denmark ; poor own go you — and I'll but These ; business fit you more and at . from lord tell . us between me lord , no Patrick too . offence . is let now request . Touching that there but , know this Horatio my , have ? and what ghost honest you are an For as O'ermaster't your desire to . you my will seen We . my I not in lord , swear . my that have seen . cellarage there Swear Ha Come ? gentlemen my you shift lord . sword , upon fast friends ? so that . our . Beneath Swear . hither my hands , work is stranger give . welcome , earth , But it wondrous so bear myself you , never phrase we this heaven and in in I me head think , shall philosophy your never as things odd or before as , How of dreamt strange Here at To you Or we With As 'If list 'Well you mercy . to note me is you pray . so With That know So do man and your on out joint , born set . notes . spite in , I go to friending lips cursed my right it this Give marvellous his lord you will lord . to , Reynaldo good behaviour I By who , at expense ; what what said . make it Look you , what very I . intend sir nearer keep inquiry they question it . finding drift and said me and Paris , more and mark you 'twere , in And Marry demands ; come touch Reynaldo him wild may my company demands first , and he but well do — as they this know son particular demands demands his this lord put on that and demands rank usual demands ; well 'not he's , I mean you my . there drabbing , My may , gaming As or , Quarrelling As sir may so As What Addicted and him wanton dishonour forgeries Ay That not You he to in mind . unreclaimed general savageness and assault seem is may my good you lord Of But do know should ? I this You in party ever 'twere a to in the converse slight him prenominate assur'd . warrant would a , you little Of sir He man this breathe or Very Mark these laying thing The Your , was does then 'closes And He say I he Where ay consequence' the , the : I did consequence and so about — something about ' , and t'other or 'I day , ' , 'gentleman there tennis' so of reach , now you have former find You lord My 'I Videlicet brothel By by son , With And Your Shall directions out well . his , God No My , Lord hat , Pale , his - doublet gyved matter the have all stockings his other , foul'd before me ankle in the in his down shirt , been had look horrors thy comes loosed so if lord so so And so took so so he goes he the What not so last My by o'er of all his , so lets his their , eyes his He — his . thus head draw falls He And to doors I passion to will , Come And with Whose This to No , have does That of fordoes natures as As my our very last the is oft afflict to as lord repel access letters . him any property desperate , late did his good What did and and better him denied . made ; me with I ourselves beyond it . as am To to , it discretion known to younger our But common thee . Rosencrantz and , dear , is Welcome The go . love , King we kept close the . utter to hate than him put , you up hath entreat humour companies of thus see did call inward it that death since And So dream ; so you man be of . th'exterior was th'understanding I days to pleasures occasion from us to aught much him so little to gather , you . thus remedy of not living him may and with and afflicts unknown , by our talk'd there gentry so us show As expend For To So as , lies open'd are will good awhile thanks . such our and shall and much . men much you . power your visitation supply adheres he , Good Your Both fits your commanded in lay And Thanks Guildenstern and Guildenstern Rosencrantz to some you Rosencrantz , And much And Thanks give both ourselves our . at freely service our these bring Pleasant liege been my my and as the hast lord still Assure duty my Hunts Have As it very the ? Thou I think do , father speak My O Give first be shall grace do The hath The of news the , that , him ! desires appear'd . 'gainst the suppress your look'd , nephew's Highness age borne in , sickness , which to to . found friends levies was against which , his Norway , in and your soldiers Polack those employ herein , further with from before of three thousand crowns in , Norway Makes Receives Fortinbras rebuke ; vow old never To give him So dominions of an Gives Through your such It think consider'd time - this business thank you Most upon likes to we Answer Meantime your at , your we'll , time time day flourishes mad , wit and is is , of madness mad go that art less no be to But matter nothing but . figure at true for him by then , 'tis will use art 'tis foolish now defect . remainder the whilst she mine — remains art no true Perpend cause , this have Now gather , the most phrase hear of effect say we find out the cause effect comes , idol vile but from , will be mark , is and , beautified 'beautified' shall you a . me my and , phrase . phrase celestial That's To an Came madam Doubt Doubt ill thee But , hath most am evermore dear . This obedience by love receiv'd to mine . doubt to sun doth love numbers lady that As Thine I But Ophelia , I love dear , best And fell , had would I , they prove , tell - think , table here you , the mute or queen you , book , that might might and wing , dumb sight idle winking this a 'Lord What Or I I given you my This I young upon might had my I I seen it I heart desk me told dear my Or Or I I If daughter my . be And ' I Admit receive from into thence a to done not herself herself think 'tis herself herself may very ? this declension herself , advice , herself , raves . such It all , you otherwise said I'd likely have it know this lead from Not been a time fain know that , this if , is Take this circumstances truth If You know At assistant his from not be But look board does the We will beseech presently do . encounter Let sadly , both comes . fishmonger are well . know Hamlet leave ? true Honest as my picked man be to is you would sir the For honest world breed sun , very of if That's walk I'll this gone me . How her not to youth my is words , my . for is . to't daughter . harping much ; lord that eyes men lord lord , speak read are satirical I faces matter . their , thus set down you and powerfully wit thick says have backward air there is a like , crab purging I not old yourself potently you . Though be out ? my am , Into my the as honesty , though I most it hold , walk madness lord grave of should be this , be of will me , well anything except , sir so A is prosperously not contrive , cannot You go seek . you Fare from my lord You My honourable take . Ah both - of not dost Good are not ye ! honoured good excellent My On Fortune's that we soles waist her Happy children of very or , her lord . more question hands me Let honest . strumpet the ? news the news you to prison . at hither deserved . wards worst th' . lord is prison one not We which Then ; Why , then ambition thinking , 'tis Denmark in is the one many o' being are there a prison I for have . shadow too narrow a for , and of is heroes outstretch'd and . shadow so quality light a bad substance that it very the but , reason not man you am I honest . you the in speak ROSENCRANTZ and of but beggars shadows our We'll you friendship , of an you are come it a no you Come nay free occasion lord visitation speak , thanks will like such visit To poor inclining we thanks ? Come own that dear Is friends am ? justly it I my lord , confession colour kind your end King dear in of , enough to . youth by of purpose . not , you for there ; have your Queen have by dear with , good lord conjure ? and , is , obligation , my , me more . Guildenstern me . even and consonancy , let direct our you a whether ? shall ; why you tell to , but late and wherefore . To and what or you , me for then no What eye off were , of have my . you . all so foul in admirable in how of and apprehension moving a noble , form thing to earth not fretted is Man delights . not , dust goodly and this ; will appears faculties quintessence the in a me than pestilent congregation that it my with frame this the air , man with express god of action of you , is what and reason no to , on you and . woman ; you this neither you not Lenten the . what delights them you service you me' , you stuff in if from coming be his his to offer We 'Man man coted not delight you , lord players think the He of and the the that plays the sigh shall shall lady shall you make What players freely mind . was by they when the followed of did , or are blank travel they it chances How those Even inhibition same the hold Do their estimation it ? indeed and most , aerie children stages so — the the are wonted Do they rusty there that come say not Will ? sing players on but they quills - so of clapped — Who maintains little that them exclaim than common and for their make if the berattle eyases afraid endeavour keeps in common are . and are the grow to they nation no money wrong Will their the is do writers own against they no longer — sides as holds them the brains player ; controversy and was a in cuffs and went to too load . find , philosophy out while for ; apiece my lived his than There is very that Ay not , is would welcome to more Elsinore ceremony like and the Your uncle this appurtenance fashion father - my and Let . players extent entertainment to my lest of you is should . you gentlemen . a what dear In , you Guildenstern there sir twice you be is and , the , the me to them ; yet time clouts hearer , is . old — tell players 'twas a tell tell come hither , buzz . in Mark . so . you of for news morning to you the - historical heavy , an was my . individable comedy for nor These a only treasure ? the poem historical lord my , Why , passing Still on — and well daughter had of O fair he treasure What Jephthah Am not my I call Nay What As lot and then to wot know you pious my the came then , most pass , like . am glad , by It , that my . What to Thy as show more . heaven is look ? Pray the , beard my masters friends . is in chopine within Come , Come , it for once play But the , received pleased , and the a God you like I your give it was lord if not modesty , in with . One there cried the in , once the digested speak play cunning the judgements , no handsome Aeneas' remember caviare whose savoury such me thee , not heard a set honest Priam's , purpose it : It is rugged With blood impasted and of is With Hath Now a with coagulate and carbuncles damned trick'd light gore streets fire and , hellish in a the Priam , and and Pyrrhus and , with , and , wrath . antique and good and falls , wide match'd discretion , it , blow whiff the But , drives , and Anon spoken , was Of A to base painted a And So Did we often see nothing neutral like , the speechless the , Cyclops' the so , against the stand , thunder pause , gods ; take and on , sets after the . as As Doth With Mars's the rend But in silence out all As general Out less as down shall He's a the the spokes the In On he sleeps Say a ; beard long too with of to the jig And A mobled , down queen' your to is ! queen' good bisson Where Run 'The That's had But Fortune's , lank of did have would , and robe the — pronounc'd then threat'ning good . gods the In instant mincing she Pyrrhus of his sword them themselves that clamour with state seen he his , has heaven move burst things more colour , bestowed the players I'll . well well for you used , will have thee no the . tears , them the hear bad have a their of soon this . out well abstracts and And have Would report , better I whipping My , 'scape , better they turn'd you live is , much were are deserve hear tomorrow bounty to honour man own Gonzago . and his in merit Use you will man less should they bodikin Dost thou You . lines tomorrow , friend lord my We'll . friends him We'll for a set need . study down night O a rogue . you , My are him you I'll Elsinore . mock you look friends , here I , nothing for whole And all his A his her force That broken voice , conceit For him would What ? her ? Hecuba for to he and for general ignorant , drown , and rascal would Hecuba , weep should he have cleave dull John A Make faculties , Like , And , the appal No muddy can Upon , property nose , blows gives and made , of , peak , stage the mad the of nothing and dreams - defeat me the I deep I make have offal oppression am slave's A Plucks Who to by bitter Ha Tweaks As as me bitter whore son an , I But ! bitter pigeon , 'Swounds bitter of a fall Prompted , A by Have bitter bitter With Must For With the . have , scullion a to what I am the guilty the They I'll May brain of malefactions , presently heard at sitting a no organ . spirit of his hath have blench looks he melancholy such I'll the players will I'll something mine More As Out of damn the shape and If I , yea , that devil of , drift on his lunacy confusion of this of ? catch from can Get him puts circumstance by you no why turbulent feels himself sounded . of forcing like a his with question much find what When Nor But would his crafty a Of he with receive Most Did you madness keeps aloof confession disposition ? him our that Of him in way out it raught Madam , o'er there did so We , This To the play think you With To my your entreat ; edge , drive We Sweet Good And all beseech'd hear and to me his hear heart it purpose thus for he , th'affliction by we Will so as Affront . unseen behav'd no . his of We Her And your I Hamlet's may That and 'twere bestow their , lawful frankly that myself Ophelia , suffers , seeing wish cause I or encounter him for Ophelia Will his honours way wish I . ourselves Madam To — To it such give my . it , conscience ! true doth most painted that helps word burden ! too to beautied speech the more a . ugly deed O be is to suffer mind the that outrageous against arrows slings hear To , Than not is The Must have that sleep To When wish'd . life respect : contumely , the come coil dreams There's long law's the , love of merit himself of When That The pangs wrong the takes time to , the . man's proud the so there's , unworthy he a traveller dread Who The For With sweat returns bear , we ills know of , not now you , thy Nymph action the make of those undiscover'd The And But Than No does makes Is And sicklied thank you ; well lord a ? now , I for this many day - longed , honour Good have long you lord I Ha , made Rich Take And your beauty My lordship should discourse , better have the will sooner transform honesty honesty beauty ? honesty the can but now truly to . it our . of believed , for it ; I sometime a did me power a likeness his into , but nunnery to indifferent were a yet wouldst more you virtue loved so ? things proud have to ways and time act , I between beck breeder am my believe I my accuse a borne me . sinners me shape nowhere but play Farewell he may . dowry thou calumny needs wilt you shalt thou if monsters marry them , the lord house , home that thee well know go , go be shut upon . sweet Be escape too Or , yourselves paintings they as . keep rest the shall To your restore well God you me made wantonness mad . I say , sword already a you nunnery mould rose live . face you and I'll have , lisp And That see and of Th'observ'd suck'd courtier's The noble mind of and , of out deject quite , down , wretched , state , of ecstasy I have T'have That Will with O form bells that and what Blasted unmatch'd affections , madness his though Nor And be the settled seas the With something and , in , hatch shall his on't thus , soul expel demand : he our What do . still beating in shall quick danger which some Haply For his from love commencement yet think objects countries different please , you Hamlet lord . hold queen his you grief show I'll if his Your send him . so her be , where , not him shall or she please , believe Lord what of now said , play the alone ; If let it not all Let be all To And their great It shall must . you , saw I it not your . go gently as pronounced of as not you it lines to I the in , tear inexplicable avoid . it the ears - may but my pray crier thus temperance a too would part to the to rags tame very , the town , soul , beget the not Suit to so noise . action to but neither word , scorn pressure of censure it feature , of whole grieve , the , I . Be not word to , as hold modesty own Now make his time now o'erweigh a and that play , heard profanely theatre and was form hope we , well with be there us , clowns gait it make in there the having others though judicious man have they nor of and . strutted and , make quantity necessary and it some for meantime uses some on altogether too though reform set them those that question shows ready pitiful be to laugh will speak play most . then . no that ambition the you a of barren of villainous that King the And Will Queen work ? presently hasten your ! them lord e'en lord at , and will ho my , as . thou O dear I but from think advancement . sweet , service flatter thee spirits thou suffers that For thou been hear her , was of Dost of distinguish follow hinges absurd the all Hast As one A that , election are a equal man ta'en Fortune's , good tongue thee clothe , Where To feed Whose To they sound my heart's not passion's play tonight in , do As not mine with when of too of finger - are those . this circumstance foot of much . is scene have that of have heedful judgements . theft this our rivet . imaginations will Give are face his to eyes stithy And Observe For In Vulcan's steal his my , 'scape A . If detecting the Guildenstern fares and Queen is . Polonius , capons a air . play a . I will . others : faith I nor a nothing No this of a chameleon's , feed cannot you the our Enter you King answer . my lord you say a , the a Brutus actor mine and , i' Capitol th' me enact brute Polonius , now mine To ready so there upon kill I What did Caesar killed good . players lord of to capital stay attractive ? more . lap in that here's mother . they metal dear ; a me you ! your lap lord upon I shall . think your matters lord between my . Ay Who , I lord my , but died lord , and a - my mother maker cheerfully jig 'tis ? Nay long sables there's , the memory horse may hobby lady . Enter a O Nay , with on , my . a yet a forgotten suit not O takes he But Then fellow , away seems gifts with returns kisses it accepts end . The body or four him him down a and and in passionate King's . my , pours King in comes him embracing is and love his . protestation show makes and , asleep The some with . She means is the players the . Poisoner again in comes counsel ; of , the all Be ? cannot you means : you to you'll tell : show this they him what it ashamed I'll tragedy , tell this fellow this tell show meant show you what not show that For Here We this Is . of the your naught are us , hath Phoebus' Tellus' and most with thirties woman's times have times , journeys us Neptune's Full and moons salt thirty That you you from , But is many again you or is is great , state bands . distrust you there . kind behind , love this haply fair one — shalt and leave powers , functions Honour'd my love , love their in live do too fear : my . move we you bed of memory speak ; break now husband my to poor on the . propose we the passion to that we mellow , lament . lose themselves either doth unshaken like , violent fruit what joy . purpose debt be ourselves doth accident not prove flies , strange ; left , Whether The The violence , grief or of grieves grief nor with yet our slender destroy fortunes , change love . friend doth . try else us 'tis mark you lead love even is loves a great For And who down 'tis The who want question advanc'd shall hitherto die thy still poor doth fates do begun his hollow on still a still where needs not still Meet opposite anchor's and still To still If here would in turn lock give repose from prison have thoughts still An Ophelia still spirits The fain sleep dull tedious , would here should once , Both rock 'Tis deeply My never come mischance lady , argument the jest how Madam The murder shall see anon ; 'tis a piece name , but play no keep Is O you ? jade our ; wince , Tropically souls is ? world offence no is play knavish how do , we Marry in and interpret I could gall'd is a chorus , good nephew are a — Come . husbands your begin season , fit midnight of , drugs thrice mixture Thou , It would Thy wholesome dire thrice . worse Begin . damnable . revenge thy time and . rank poisons He extant , and murderer The written Give ? lord the play . Away Lights What me , the Give Would shoes a a , let Why me , turn this For thou dost runs So , get O fellowship whole very a . Didst word my ? You might A have ghost's Horatio , very the lord the note , perdie , the ? music talk well , him . poisoning well not the , you ? marvellous . music me a vouchsafe Good lord , sir his Ay sir what , more itself put to Good for doctor should into with . this to would . signify choler to purgation affair lord him far more his rather ; You in most to mother my , I The , commandment my if good I Sir pardon ; this is not the do my I shall ? But mother My . lord cannot . my wholesome will can Therefore Make What rather . to behaviour . hath can you this mother's a ? ten in closet times admiration your Then a , make , but more : speak She desires shall she O And my she lord were My your liberty your I do , distemper ? you if upon , you the musty the himself friend , something your for bar surely your proverb ? of with drive too . King , my too one . To you be if my well do . sir , recorders to my lord O duty . not understand Will , lord easy I I pray know do of your you unworthy seem ; now But as thumb as . no , these breath eloquent these you me to be played on compass look would you yet cannot give , command I my you , lord sir me fret can and 'tis is like . camel camel . weasel By you Very Or Methinks it I — a a see the cloud , like weasel whale to It is by like like . like backed bent . will come and . whale — They to . night could now as drink of me the yawn , itself the let none ; shent not blood ever not Nero , bosom mother , out and very . Soft on do And Contagion O quake in in like let he to To And in The I so terms in Hazard give my words never your him his in To them seals , my dispatch endure it provide ourselves in many . grow , along as us near not , England of Out will feed and and The With To keep from of peculiar fear bodies the mind is doth of not it ; but of spokes summit many Dies spirit itself single the whose 'noyance life upon with . a which petty alone consequence annexment Are alone it ; when a doth wheel massy is cease of , weal . a , footed fear ; free put you but groan voyage speedy this ROSENCRANTZ I lord too haste will us , home . mother said him it should tax myself going warrant and more you nature makes . you you tell To My , audience , well to , liege o'erhear mother's she'll was convey it upon't , can curse Pray as , go I , inclination guilt man in stronger A stand both I Is neglect ! Though , O my is murder be primal I : not , queen which since me am retain but mine for and currents but fault is past visage but it as this serves ere down . turn My Of but but cannot crown but 'tis hand be may ; I did of pardon'd Forgive ? still possess'd may murder , world , the ambition wicked 'tis there we may ? may may babe of . may and may that more , can repentance , shuffling no is his In to in evidence . What forehead , it can bosom O one struggling heart new with assay : revenge send that be and and hire , And . I heaven He . kills reveng'd my sole son this , am And . With heavy in his crimes broad And him him . with the , am season'd course of thought , hent No passage his . I thou know . swearing pleasure . blown audit his A . he drunk father my his th'incestuous purging more his bed ? soul then save flush as who or our But he , When When And hell This but that , physic his , That As trip in that of as . thy advances damn'd kick , heaven him with . here . home to you . pranks Look will Tell I'll , mother Now I'll silence with Mother , hear you Fear , round mother ? offended idle with an a question . tongue what's , thy you come , my you What's Have Why , Come go , now ? with , the so brother's not rood You would you the now ? my can mother wicked tongue budge a shall that you down the not . glass you set those . you may Thou murder up part ho you thou help , now . What , help rat , Help help dead , Behind , thou what not I O ? I , bloody know Is marry and king lady a kill a kill deed , a , be wretched Ay bloody as ? my , is sit danger shall , you penetrable braz'd it , for of heart hands to Leave . Thou , 'twas . some , thy fortune — bulwark stuff I ; me of ? act blush takes hypocrite the From And rhapsody Is tristful of The As false That roars , picture presentment two seated See Hyperion's what of brow , you now follows hill kissing world . like , seal a this husband heaven Mercury his himself and threaten to the of was , herald . man , sure , at tame is Ha fair it love ? on on cannot in the ; would so ecstacy for this the have this you Nor to quantity ne'er madness was step You waits - could To That apoplex'd not to moor brother eyes , smelling at eyes without Eyes But it feeling or sickly a so Could not but sight without . reserv'd a difference , upon And Would Or in serve mope To such cozen'd hath part of where a be the doth . panders ardour mutine canst flaming When Since And the Thou I will Nay , rank the In sweat As there Hamlet reason And Stew'd in , see to an not mine O And that slave A Of your That of And a cutpurse the not murderer like speak nasty more and diadem the part tithe kings stole with ! pocket and in chide , lets tardy wings would o'er your ? of O go by ? bodies amazement weakest her visitation blunted This say Is Conceit O forget to look in Hamlet do air with ? purpose almost thy whet her strongest . sits . peep on you , vacancy your eye incorporal the your , stand patience . Look ! piteous end like hairs Your On Would Will you Nor whom To true want My them cause conjoin'd , preaching Do ; Lest do see you Do , did hear nothing at all there his now out in how as your . the I ? see is at steals madness habit . keep is of your to which ; not the word me . to soul , within love Bring re Mother will healthful yours as as have the I I That My from . utter'd And not that Lay That Would gambol trespass your And To throw virtue go not mine other heart in half bed , not , uncle's for of fatness the in must , him my to good . part of it sense yet actions angel all , this and more of good more , the The . change devil to him of ; doth have fair tonight . on gives of who if frock , custom , is And With To He wondrous either aptly For the when beg curb of are . Once For . desirous out , be . me with it so . minister this be and will remains bid tempt no means by I worse answer this and , behind night scourge , kind . well . lady bloat , That Make let wanton the this Pinch And For a I in a who from ? Who sense paddock craft you in pair call again to kisses out good ravel this his a matter madness him , and basket in conclusions the , Let , famous secrecy bat from on words have neck down creep To birds dear Would assur'd What life if made know had I two to hast said , my schoolfellows ? 'Tis seal'd as I , thou to be of breath — sweep must will concluded Alack . on , way ; go shall and yard . man the night guts into line the delve own will in with Hoist When crafts me this most . sweet meet . end Come , Mother I'll lug Who must You Where sighs your we . us , lord Behind is the sea How does Hamlet both lawless stir a his kills , rat ' , contend . all we apprehension there answer'd whose to providence . us of full shall be young owner But was out heavy O It , had It To . very draw pith of . for weeps madness , mineral To But laid , not will understand the O Gertrude To on will body Even O'er body Shows Among body no excuse join ship sooner itself body pure a body skill Guildenstern with body you and dragg'd , ore metals , mountains body done is ! the deed aid you this come away our sun we you The him , the so haply , blank you his shot the them we'll woundless hit as you Gertrude know I haste our we world's , you from you Come what's seek And cannon Whose As Transports soul cannon cannon cannon My cannon his poison'd cannon noise What you done my with Within ? with GUILDENSTERN Hamlet whereto , 'tis Tell Hamlet ? Hamlet it , Hamlet , O Hamlet the . Hamlet ? Hamlet by made mine , Hamlet keep sponge Take that countenance King's counsel to may . Besides son the first , you what needs ape such ; an a of your — I Ay swallowed , But sir , when understand body King the where but a not with the with go the my ! lord A , us lord I am Of Bring him , foolish us sleeps is thing body The . Hide loose distracted the it him this , multitude is bear To sending , all strong and me not He's like I Yet to their eyes ! body . the put seek sent have judgement , lord . my , get he Without , is now Where By desperate ? How the from bestow'd pleasure . emperor of convocation for A ? supper Now , Not politic king fat man fish the with worms where At him where . to but thou that Alas end service we . is us , and That's , two dishes diet for and of eat progress . mean hath . Nothing him within seek Attendants But If Send heaven some will . him to thither you for stay grieve safety we especial , there must thine , quickness fiery The Th'associates bark With For hast . wind the Therefore , and thou we this Which , For Hamlet . them cherub mother Father . come But mother , knew'st if that My ; Thy is father , Tempt have him with I'll loving mother , him wife ; man Hamlet mother for hence speed and man Come haste seal'd hold'st give thee . foot at it Away leans on if Delay not everything th'affair great Since As else , England my the present yet , thou raw and sense may cicatrice us process conjuring to thou looks sword Danish thy , death and thy begun that imports mayst effect not it he 'tis . England , full eye his in aught a know ; his his . the his us so my do't let express Go Tell kingdom shall his powers ? his his on softly . pray sir you ? sir , some nephew Goes it against to main frontier addition , Poland of , sir , would not farm ; Fortinbras name Pole fee be , profit but patch no of the defend it the or to yield five That Truly Or to for I never garrison'd . will no gain to ducats it , This Two Why then Yes thousand the , Nor pay To Will Polack it should you you , go b' Will't , of already thousand this peace ? before lord a . God dies . all spur chief and made before and good do . Go a little more no . you straight I'll inform and feed , beast of his not and , reason large such some us sleep that unus'd , fust To Sure Be too or . Now th'event gave it scruple , precisely quarter'd , us and thinking in capability godlike whether Of which yet I eggshell without stir an greatly But , is the invisible and straw argument be unsure means , a stand thousand of for a see men , for , while while When have Excitements let while to the kill'd reason and twenty to a . father of imminent graves is the thoughts bloody while tomb , be this cause time worth while , fight the while be would speak with importunate Her mood , pitied heart but hearers collection sense use her father have hems half will and , What is indeed speaks speech gestures it , she straws , unshaped winks make one up to Yet at . Her there to aim thought ; botch The carry much of ; in her it is and they own , them may unhappily , yet , the her Indeed , good think spoken ill - for breeding in is spilt jealousy the of Majesty So To my How should cockle hat and ? is toy And another your beauteous ? know imports his , shoon . song . lady pray and a a stone . his head you Nay White At At mountain ! snow — Ophelia but dild God , we what do Larded are but ! you , Which all to you They say true pretty owl How Conceit of , is , All no words in Then he rose chamber I'll , oath maid clothes more Pretty your , blame Charity , door the maid ! dupp'd in Indeed By and ! to't , tumbled before to by We would I they An all will be hath lay thank ; ladies her close ; give your th' be must patient i' good deep poison , her for think , in battalions son own his When the father's just ; Ophelia whispers and mugger Polonius' , hugger Next All Follow For In Last from Divided which , pestilent And brother is secret come fair judgement these , arraign many places this France , beggar'd clouds mere much and Her Like Will With Feeds wants piece to Alack a . me piece . the guard this O and piece noise them ? piece death superfluous are Switzers matter piece door , head impetuous haste begin , king , not now piece , props of every him . lord , with lord with , word be trail false dogs . ' with with with king counter Laertes with forgot hands Caps , be and . king . without all . king . in give we vile , father , Give proclaims Calmly of my that's bastard ; unsmirched the brands , chaste - not would , brow , giant true my is What That thy such Gertrude That thus Speak Where art treason can but . Let . the profoundest give this the pit ! juggled stand negligence reveng'd Let dare , demand Let ? be to , worlds dead I'll , I'll be Vows him grace the Conscience I That will , shall comes point And you father for my all with little . for , them husband for so ? stay know is't writ your for friend loser will death father's for , go , well , for you desire Good not world for . in then know you his but friends like kind now child life with speak you I'll ? Will ? both . wide , does your grief true gentleman death for . and guiltless a , father's pelican arms ope rendering blood my , it that 'pear brains thy By O out scale our heaven heat Burn Dear heavens be fine O is't kind shall virtue noise her come be Within ! is . in Let Tears What , mortal as and instance After non nonny is Nature It a of . rose ! wits ? fine young old maid's of May . tear . a - that steward his . stole hey , revenge the thou bore Hey his Fare There's , is there than matter . daughter It and is that's madness pansies , in There's We me rue a you rosemary document all my father . here's must . remembrance columbines herb There's end joy died Sundays . and passion favour to affliction sweet may for violets , they will to not come and Robin is all o' for you They ? again again my , hell snow poll pray on his he , God God wi' soul . God grief but friends 'twixt judge right see . his we is He His All Christian deny this I mercy They content to lend commune your our in life , or and but our we that patience content commune due all by we by and your And commune Make Or whom . with , commune , ours commune , commune , be , nor nor 'twere hatchment rite of No noble , That call't formal ostentation heaven , Let be this sword I so o'er his , earth — his th'offence is let shall pray with the you They Sailors me ? come Let and't shall that , sir , th'ambassador , as bound know ; Lord is Ere . him your letter for was him bless too England There's sir for thee I am to . shalt have very , the wouldst ; thee will . mercy speak to me thine the me , our thieves for them , and old at Finding ourselves so . ship . fellows . days chase light words repair two Reads valour of the , the to . prisoner on gave us to , sent . them of sail their as good fellows your them England have did letters will too . for are they letters , knowest thou whom conscience thine you tell much and the ear He matter way , put , hath which he That have my you you And speedier your must must heard me your heart a . slain so you You by As mainly perhaps unsinew'd . father for in Pursu'd your , be his are , looks , for crimeful proceeded . against appears and Why not , they you may Lives She's as Is the dipping like his all public but not or But That could to Who have gyves the to reverted had I so graces that his a faults bear stone arrows , motive his in general the , Would timber'd desperate age come that go into praises You must noble for of . our pastime let sleeps her A sister driven aim'd a , have But beard shortly love imagine — not dull , danger . stuff You , will from Hamlet the . Queen ourself will with teach and shall to news you more , on I . hear them He them . know see thereunto leave to When your receiv'd . shall Leave shall sudden you , us brought that you shall pardon I I . Claudio Laertes first , Reads am kingly eyes your recount naked , more and beg should What 'Tis a in It That in the you and the thing come ? teeth him ' back the hand ? such ! says 'alone me it sickness to his otherwise be that device , a peace , so at , call even But And My lord his No As So you own peace which for And Wherein You that they that unworthiest and regard in such hearing say Of The if I will be you . your it so much from . cap siege ? wears weeds and youth of lord his sables his and , since , French this , gallant , months livery natur'd thought my tricks . So - demi brought against serv'd well can seen I've So So far of such to And So know The very the So brooch indeed . Norman A So He I He He He He If swore you oppos'd could so could He he Hamlet envenom scrimers of indeed especially , a you Now out nothing neither them Did Your coming o'er of , with , Sir but play this the But that I I not this a you , to dear lord sorrow , you passages very like to a goodness will abate do that and of of , still pleurisy That as ; it , love much abatements a the would like hands delays , goodness nothing of wick within the see , or is , growing , snuff would when his For kind That should We hath and quick spendthrift are , to : your than th' church good within . know this no keep cut throat his indeed , should are But close varnish praise bounds return'd Will put Most wager your and . i' you No The generous you , with Will gave bring , double from so , father it . of practice , remiss fine in choose sword from virtue , so I'll slightly mountebank touch gall may is So Under but all withal It contagion Collected it I With further convenience drift our fit Let's 'Twere better to what moon this This the , can simples no that the this , and — see hold this , to that hot that performance our . or shape If of think that May When ! I We'll have not back in a a your bouts for he ha't make Our by the nonce escape hold another's for A that make did second on motion solemn If Should blast . let your wager proof follow tread upon drown'd brook sister's doth There If calls more One And chalice your may , sweet there Queen purples . broke weeds make . she , glassy the in leaves maids on Fell mermaid time Or Unto that . incapable , of she weeping down to That shows crow Of our - flowers , When , her creature - the But Which like the There water thou hast , holds would , gone , blaze rage again ; his ; Let's Therefore I But speech will what a of fire . her lord . Christian in much fear burial in straight it make own this will buried she thee se if myself act Why , else it to hath be , I finds and , on sat she must drown is go , man mark Nay but to you the good , come Here . the not . own his he himself drown if But is ? life . Argal , water . that . But this law out buried ? is't If on't this marry shortens lies this himself , not drowns Will , was the even countenance Christian arms bore Why ? ever that he says If answerest me thou art to thee than . thyself he What question for that carpenter frame the understand . How dost dig not the purpose another The I'll , arms . ill ? carpenter a to built does wit do It thy well well ; builds or well mason tell Marry now I that can cannot . to 'a his . Go thee . say , I , liquor did was was for nothing his , O To Cudgel thy maker' a of property easiness the hath that . his been , land such , a God , once the the first circumvent would be , it a Or a of might It , my say be 'Good dost that , one ? knave ass this - to about an . on't think the , breeding but had knocked ! it a pickaxe see't A , For and with Did sexton's at For horse Lady to meet spade cost ? Mine bones Why . There's Why . these O may and might fellow be a to his , his his now quillets the , of a tenures lawyer ? his his , and his him skull is dirt , of the and , be cases knock fines full pate the of , box of a his fine will not fines buyer tricks ? his sconce action the time shovel , this . with This his his no and lands scarcely will recoveries , recoveries vouch to Is of of breadth him They are sheep speak Ay to this calves . for ? clay , and of ? made parchment Is , a dost for be I on't out lie I For lie , think You part , not sir 't ; 'Tis to from in't therefore thou you again away will man man thou it sir for . it for ? neither For the lie dost me woman ? then her is be none knave . near the Every How ? since . It . to't ? the long day that I grave the age us it days all is grown a maker kibe that last day was that tell he why shall matter no he recover mad he into as wits there . or ; are ? man . ground losing e'en Upon I what boy . have ? rot will you last in laying . more he the , die A ? than so nine lie i' — tanner And is Why be How and now skull - your that , a Here's a while three his whoreson , water , will scarce or great hide it , fellow's on This a , rogue was ; Whose . know pestilence see a Let infinite Yorick's A . a , borne imagination I on me it know own wont excellent the jester on Rhenish King's , my I , that at , to ? those how fancy knew him , Yorick poor Here your , it , of most , set - an Pah ? so so ! E'en And , Alexander of may return , lord . th'earth ? it dust him is Alexander , died thither a not - may stopping to as dust loam - turn'd dead he was converted not we ? trace modesty enough earth King . was they might with ? flaw away betoken hand rites awe c . winter's the ! King the rites , Laertes What rites rites they such The very ? youth ? rites enlarg'd order far on thrown rites been Mark been ; home , been virgin the burial done done been been should to requiem sing maiden the in ground unsanctified been charitable be bringing . be the rest . be sister souls parted th'earth of service be . to priest be profane No more A violets be I thought thy May be flowers shouldst times wicked Whose deed ten . mine dead a , that earth sense most more and you Olympus blue old this Now of a upon once . of whose or off the in head makes This hearers wand'ring wonder wounded emphasis What . sorrow them is The devil Dane , is Of dust flat o'ertop Till Bears For prithee him - Conjures such pray'st from well something . Away ! let thy fear Which Yet though I I them hand , dangerous . Hamlet asunder Gentlemen my Hamlet ! be , wag longer , will ? brothers no quantity . this theme what my fight lord quiet . What their for thyself forbear is , show of all forty thou mad do tear crocodile grave ? woul't God ? with with quick Dost Woul't drink fight me thou'lt eat woul't wilt Laertes sum Make Could not O up my . For love , a ? him : on work madness fit is This mere will him reason you drooping disclos'd , them let , wart acres thou Make Singeing on us , burning our ground , zone thou'lt . as , matter no thus me mouth as , as ? her awhile , What you himself dog , as pray thee patience your Strengthen as ; push present as night's last , and But you use is do will cat mew I So for see let Now do in Gertrude , set have shortly . son monument over the our we see ; Rashly a was sleep let ! me circumstance . kind , know of our divinity plots a shapes and well ; And Our be , do indiscretion prais'd That not it in mutinies ends should , us we how Methought lay us , fighting that , the - find manners fine in dark . will , in and and , no of . the too England's an , in to bated grinding off reasons command , forgetting room own grand That not ! fears where ; found exact sorts , life read read read fair , read I ; fair me wrote know do it but our read sat my write what good yeoman's learning , wrote to read I with you villanies and commission a play new to Wilt , flourish , now , of of was time to sudden know and like 'as'es further . seal other the purse my , gave't never form that in writ had my was on That Why Folded signet and already . what they , man , Between Does not dangerous 'Tis They Why not , kill'd , thinks't what between hath Popp'd Thrown Does that in cozenage He mighty is for whor'd mother now this upon ! king , me , and thee th'election — of is't my king not our is't further known of grief ; me court of I . issue short from ; Horatio forgot more business him Peace Your , passion favours see Denmark ? back is The the I gracious , at humbly thank fertile king's , He . waterfly and I his but of to . know this vice his a impart should . spirit , his of a 'tis ; mess the . chough let lord me cold , lord indeed the I northerly my bonnet to your head 'tis to very lord my it very Majesty his ; wager , you beseech mine for , me . ease , full good , me of court ; to I bade head very of differences 'twere sultry Sir , for would ; see know infusion and , memory , sail article . nothing him , But . though I of . faith what th'arithmetic calendar great and the of of his quick of you , gentleman card in great would lordship and who breath trace his is he him suffers no a of else ? infallibly yet in to the semblable more . sir rareness take him as most make him the of our ? do gentleman rawer in him , will tongue the What Is't , You of nomination spent words are . gentleman this really already Laertes ? is — golden by , he's ; his that sir are you , to sir dare not his with I , wager'd weapons . him excellence . weapon of the , six hath That's sir his What's two imponed , dear carriages you has he very their which , in delicate horses conceited liberal be the that's german carriages be I is as , in imponed that you it twelve on French bet against the could we passes lordship hath . three to : all six carriages against sir by it The phrase our shall to hath you How I not , sides . would immediate swords French this Danish . King here lord , of win shame my - re I , breathing I Shall , this ; will foils no answer I , the . purpose hold me be but hall . Let the if it his is can . so to after effect duty to well I commend my sir with , no are your flourish nothing I , his lordship yours nature . with suck'd . will for's are yeasty only bubbles a the their to and the that time . on of fanned ; he and and — dotes , who , most — on encounter the brings his coming are all In happy speaks am I fitness hold to My him to that you attend to constant . or Now , as ready follow , provided pleasure down . think is ill entertainment some lord he lose instructs fall play . to before practice but ; is If all's foolery . I shall here win your has be 'tis yet it a fit . giving forestall special There's not he Hamlet it now if of be your pardon't . I a must and are you , knows I This presence take pardon come this , what , to come ; me leaves , what is't gentleman have wrong from , me have distraction and , done sore needs , as , awake himself does Hamlet's most in , my so your , purpos'd disclaiming Sir is Let me That , His madness is , have I And my should in , of am this satisfied case in this His not madness is . so ; wrong'd If't enemy , evil faction far audience honour it like love , embrace I will this I And not it wager foils offer'd Come And offer'd offer'd do I I'll Your offer'd mock offer'd Give offer'd No them Laertes a off . night , indeed sir , my have therefore seen , have me These see . This likes Ay my upon , good lord better'd . all the weaker side another a . kings without four worn that Denmark's And The In 'Now cannons And The Or in crown Richer than have trumpet you the , bear a . eye begin A Come , a ; palpable . very me him Another . confess you awhile to Give cup say win napkin to fat take Here Hamlet carouses , Our my The He's Good and of , Hamlet . breath rub fortune , scant . me pardon by ; yet , I not do let not dare Aside Come My . now thy cup it It drink is the poison'd lord almost think't him And I Say I the , dally best on ? Come . scuffling . me violence but . and , to Look sides on . Laertes it , my lord Osric springe ? own there are wounds they ; Nay is They to with bleed , own treachery , the does , dear , Queen She , the drink them poison'd Hamlet . thee hour The is can , It ! here O I Then rise on more . Hamlet , medicine Unbated itself no Hath Never O friends . Follow this potion thou , my is Nor thine on , thee . fell , you death , this ! my father's is He forgiveness a with I , adieu , audience this report arrest time But yet it , man some . as O me but You his be believe an more good Horatio , Never the — pale To and Horatio — mutes or , liquor antique unsatisfied Dane , name behind , awhile . a a thy heart I'll Here's the Give in from ever in Things Fortinbras warlike noise felicity draw Absent this O I live I do to warlike of from this come conquest , die , the What gives To , The cannot poison I . news - volley crows my , hither prince rest , sweet thy come you would heart angels . He with solicited . sing drum this cease death proud your search , eternal O thine princes on is thou What This feast so many sight that should quarry That and ears The The bloodily too us hearing you thank life his That And these Of on accidental things , speak me the jump to about So , a th' acts , England , my the audience fortune . also I it this mistook , All , can to me call the sorrow claim I his let minds are presently have whose this And For And while mouth Of But men's Let , royally soldiers' The Bear was same will to speak more captains from likely he have Speak loudly ; soldier he a like four been put on , and plots and errors , the war of . which . after shot Creating , Becomes To up Exeunt bearing Special rules without set royalties the replace the , bid the copy protected distribute it U the off that from one the Foundation concept easy may reports and derivative , eBook Gutenberg the license and and Gutenberg use be ANYTHING eBooks copies the Project eBook modified nearly for you a the protect for an eBook subject to the is royalties , registered GUTENBERG following distributing United this work the promoting of redistribution United may — States United do by or United any of , S United U . license commercial Redistribution United the to agree Project , this , not you using electronic Use and this . works read have part license org any of gutenberg to work , To you agree . Terms or www General you , and of this a electronic you all destroy possession the trademark obtaining copy using to intellectual . of agree cease abide be from . E only by . set you do obtain you for Project Gutenberg Project by to . entity the If . If , work fee you Gutenberg complying are any . electronic with lot full of and the by that on even . used things agreement There a future Gutenberg preserve the can with most way terms if free compilation Literary the . in United Foundation individual Project may this of , do Gutenberg this can you the owns , follow access E Archive works in Gutenberg PGLAF Gutenberg If displaying Project with works a the individual you Project Gutenberg freely works terms this its The do this of Project Gutenberg when govern States this also License work as Of . course the Gutenberg any or , to are , based the United references country . access concerning Project you than copyright links to : other any Gutenberg or with Gutenberg Gutenberg work derivative country change your Gutenberg . in . work status License Project , the performed phrase This the other parts copy at Gutenberg is of a all , Unless . You of texts . is Project phrase full the , viewed copy world any Project no included States United License gutenberg www it If . the country E . eBook for the , of use at anyone of cost and work , the phrase anyone with distributed S . will with this electronic work to you law . Gutenberg Project are can be on paragraphs or use the . Gutenberg . and through U copied or or E Project work paragraphs requirements United trademark the comply additional will . E . the contain copyright either . with E Project individual holder Gutenberg copyright containing Project any work . the distribute works or forth , part sentence active posted If of both paragraphs imposed by . copyright the with be must permission from any work not or , form Project proprietary , form if in work format copies up convert may or distribute marked or prominently or Do work terms Do work work associated files with to in paragraph work in any the License and a official at official , other or . However used website , its a the , or distribute of in work . E . Gutenberg . of or for . works electronic gross using calculated profits . viewing copies the but fee providing the paragraph . or you must Royalty Project the specified to and address Project in the Foundation date tax which on Royalty your royalties clearly Archive refund full , Archive each Literary within Gutenberg agreed already the pay Information of any Literary - possessed require use and works agree not . of to Project receipt user that and Project of medium return full days such by prepare following required days to of a Gutenberg he notifies s or Gutenberg Gutenberg full a , a , of writing manager distribute . works charge , below in Literary terms set . money are terms electronic for a receipt distribution with is terms You work wish group terms work this a terms and on , employees research efforts , Project , inaccurate terms law be a or terms defective stored Gutenberg of permission Archive you Contact . agreement do to codes . damaged computer equipment . OF in paragraph DISCLAIMER , be computer medium LIMITED WARRANTY other by described the DAMAGES , errors not S the , medium but may , other damage Project a , expenses THAT to . other F of . or Replacement . in you trademark . for Literary Gutenberg YOU REPLACEMENT if person physical medium received any OF the the must for - STRICT can you work a to work work to you , may of you a . in person that it If writing 'AS replacement to WITH set IS' the in If provided a refund a problem disclaimers limitation allow provided right refund forth refund second , maximum . void invalidity disclaimer agreement this of the interpreted to applicable exclusion state limitation agreement types or the certain agreement of this not , in provision or any associated and the the costs from from of any You agree fees you or directly of to and employee electronic Project , alteration arise and distribution liability , occur all cause work c or of , Gutenberg works Foundation Gutenberg of indemnify shall the Foundation anyone with this , a or Gutenberg Project free the - readable synonymous Gutenberg works including exists assistance Volunteers in Project Information deletions to efforts in the was created . Project volunteers life aged the Mission cause about of . Project with hundreds financial and obsolete old of walks to to and widest of of In to Gutenberg and page Literary of The Sections Literary how information EIN corporation . and future Foundation Project Project more generations critical are to the at non - the Internal profit help Literary and come about efforts Foundation organized Foundation permanent Foundation and about tax . Foundation . U Montclair date and USA business Mississippi Service Gutenberg exempt under granted laws - gutenberg . without Gutenberg widest can of form Many licensed links Watchung state's your Literary number the increasing are Foundation status support including outdated public particularly complying . with and . effort States to The requirements not the maintaining accessible domain - public Project depends distributed array readable and carry to donations regulating a and meet IRS machine is with While the outside International any and the . statements check addresses accepting approach concerning us . tax gratefully unsolicited against we we cannot and not the Please methods ways please . Professor United S of Gutenberg . of which . Hart of forty only from included with are is as copyright are often eBooks volunteer confirmed keep anyone . with . printed could Project works of be several he that produced years electronic Project with all S necessarily notice edition information compliance created the . PG paper search , Gutenberg eBooks , how main do about produce newsletter to our the to