me , answer Stand Stand Nay Stand carefully . Stand Get I much thanks am Stand relief this struck guard ? Stand hour . And Have Horatio , meet bid , there . night them of rivals Friends hear think I you honest farewell Barnardo my , Welcome What , has I may , tush And Well , sit against our seen fortified nights again down approve Sit two hear we speak Marcellus t'illume , off thee burns it The Look King the figure like Most Looks the art Thou it It Mark me with the majesty that that Together Did sometimes march In See away is , By usurp'st Denmark charge stalks will and speak . it I and ? than on't not true eyes King the thyself . like ? own he angry parle on this hour dead , knows , state to eruption and subject most observant watch haste the labourer - that toward the from is't can inform that , sweaty last I now by Fortinbras , task of sore whose can joint the even whisper on Fortinbras forfeit he stood , Did Against by the inheritance our the Was gaged he Had His For food skirts . of fell Shark'd As That And his source the no e'en portentous like so other question that watch but watch wars these the Julius palmy watch the the and watch mightiest tenantless and watch moist of influence watch ; trains squeak Disasters As Did the A That watch Comes In in the sun whose with graves Was Upon Neptune's the sheeted fell dead ; blood empire eclipse stands , star fierce the with omen and to precurse climatures the still Lo countrymen . comes again me , fate be use of to thing ease to to foreknowing ! of womb Speak it it at if Do strike , here ! being of violence so . heard the to sounding - guilty a warning , earth his , crew , or , cock season of of . herein , hies probation the long , night spirit birth made spirit , present This object And , and , shrill and or and truth stir dare then dawning say ever no all no , wholesome are faded Some that of , then say our , Walks have , the our nor by will , Do But I do russet high my him and him we needful consent our , loves pray find Let's do't Where , in for ; fitting I most Voltemand and Lords , Attendant our dear , Hamlet , and that , grief one sorrow defeated state on think wisest we To bear Though Yet we , auspicious scale wife better follows that Fortinbras . message of advantage with dream of us of pester Importing not Colleagued affair , a Our equal In Taken to Holding this Now by to for of , that in bed herein of is business much To Who Of lists of good bearers To our Lost Of and and of subject : proportions , rid to and the you the , than allow , further personal more articles King no to The Out You business ; Farewell that And Than throne of instrumental thou told us , nothing , will . you , Dane , with is't to offer native wouldst of speak What to to news mouth heart thy not to my more What favour And my laboursome his By lord ; from petition I will do I beseech you Upon them now To your father's and I wishes your gracious leave ? wrung What my to leave hard at and consent me . my — thy time , you sun the off colour nighted too the little A How it that is , so my lord Good Thou ! customary my ; of cloak I know mother with is fruitful inky haviour be , common madam it so suspiration river the shows , black in , These of ; not solemn eye grief , show man of forc'd , particular it breath , the , Nor Nor not windy Nor That For Together No the all It shows and ; simple , mind persevere course to unschool'd we impious 'Tis sweet must That father In obstinate do In . a unmanly is , grief to heaven , throw of us world our take that you to less and woe ; the are a be the 'This fault reason fathers , absurd dead most till pray think theme hath today to the death must so To Is A From Our the cheer courtier cousin chiefest Here Do And is I that which most most And It back her to madam fair Madam 'tis , in a you reply a gentle to smiling Be rouse cannon great the Re the King's speaking Why and the thunder drinks today bruit melt ! a would flesh Everlasting slaughter and this that canon weary self that Or How resolve - me His O So it Possess grows two Seem ! seed — a Hyperion to . nay king not I Must if increase might That Visit on it , appetite , and it As me — it By her it it But it months merely a loving to of hang had within a woman it Frailty she she discourse mine , unrighteous the brother My Would Frailty Like married Frailty , Frailty month Frailty to Frailty . father Within her . most galled it nor not , heart , your see friend ever name ! is It But my Hail ? Elsinore no , violence ? so enemy , Good even sir , make , hear truant , Against I not it Indeed my , my affair you ear not your are fellow , see , in own that I truster know truant ere follow'd see to lord father Or I I Horatio forth — Would Did Thrift I I coldly in foe father Horatio . king goodly his like King ? think I My was a Two had me these let gentlemen , the your them A . them stately slow Goes and point encounter'd dead Marcellus waste together at oppress'd by before , and ; act they , me , did kept both in time good , surprised thrice march , distill'd walk'd of him more to was not . hands But , they had deliver'd fear speak not the dreadful In with apparition These The , as , Where Form Itself And But And 'Tis at It But , honour'd away loud speak . 'tis lord our me duty it , say . Indeed , indeed , Both you . watch the MARCELLUS do Arm'd my and . lord . toe From saw yes , my A Pale lord , he What O , very . than in more very very Most would like , very It very moderate might . very I Not Longer and very ? grizzled , saw't tell no . his seen will A I life ; in . still , understanding it If me speak If I'll to you hold be And it in shall no twelve . and , but So you hap silence this pray itself person hell sight , all gape , you , tonight tongue fare . ye , were deeds , my : the is you to arms ! foul to will , come o'erwhelm night would well men's favour blood ? that doubt you not nature primy , of , and let sister My is embark'd the ; the and Do trifling not , Forward permanent in youth me a toy his from hear Hamlet youth but temple youth Perhaps . And withal youth of virtue Grows youth thews The now weigh'd himself youth , as on persons his must own depends , youth nor if for subject ; loves now nor , waxes and you nor fear ; nor his besmirch do nor , it you nor ; and goes may sustain further no is importunity songs open so ; so . my of danger and heart too Or so Out it so weigh main saying give Than Whereof It fits so To so shot galls canker The Too And And wary oft before the not your treasure the Contagious itself th'effect my not shall to , blastments 'scapes in the morn , safety most liquid buttons lies though none good pastors brother do to But his own . thorny best rebels heart some steep puff'd not , O stay A double smiles I fear . long me my are you unproportion'd thou And these . but , character familiar thy them any and with no unto dull , palm by in , thy my shoulder of few Laertes , Aboard ? Yet The There your , tongue : not man gaudy . in voice steel ; that : friend husbandry and self of rank generous and judgement the rich chief itself a , but reserve can buy ; true , man . you to and remember this in thee . lord false as , follow : borrowing must thine own edge the dulls not my The time Most And 'Tis memory the it of ? well . keep shall he , you Farewell Lord yourself . the you Hamlet of bethought most to he private audience of so of , hath you so caution , my of daughter and late oft you very time me told Do you between behoves way your Have If not my Of ! lord his Pooh ! think for true Tender these ta'en have sterling my , tenders yourself tenders ; fool , teach the . know do not to crack hath he , you'll importun'd . go to love fashion In may thus My , are lord — you Which , And fashion the all , When the something fire maiden presence a Lord is Hamlet rate this both daughter , extinct as , to in , may that of take command scanter your must their parley he higher is prodigal . woodcocks burns blood Lends , springes to than your at For unholy pious This is bawds suits and implorators they . which plain terms of ; From . it larger Ophelia , Hamlet , As to , better Breathing so , moment the come ; charge I bites would Have words lord very . air I ? think lacks the . walk draws wont , mean lord near of struck my , trumpet triumph of pledge draughts tonight and of the drains - The drum his And Ay marry thus Rhenish , rouse ; reels upspring swaggering observance and headed - This clepe us drunkards ; though and , perform'd swinish takes height it with east it born the Soil our , wherein of our tax'd breach is't , manner of marrow oft for That in their birth down the pales of they heavy More And to the Carrying Being The — choose chances and achievements our some of forts much that of as as . The evil corruption , as — doubt censure undergo of . hell , but tell answer thee shape from blasts or questionable charitable call ; sepulchre marble , ignorance , thee ; cerements saw we Wherein Hath cast Have up dead the , me Let I King , That It beckons It But No do with Look waves you to go , not , set soul thing Being forth me tempt there And Or And Which might you deprive into draw so it still . follow thee me , shall ; artery petty Nemean lion's , me Unhand , a Go ! I'll make away I Something , Speak , I'll . me . will me Mark I flames . but , Must I to My hour To what , I me am revenge , for a to thou So Speak bound to when What ? Doom'd tell the purg'd day certain I Are To I could foul Till burnt And Would flesh thou God thy . eternal and his ; list , dear O and most foul Revenge But this most , meditation May to foul , the to find my love apt wings . hear Hamlet wharf , death my noble father's . the in of a stung me ; so ! Ay With From went it , I made a her in hand was — and his wit , of that gifts , with traitorous ! seeming - power . air morning heaven will mov'd , orchard my afternoon uncle in with enmity leperous the juice custom . scent the . celestial a shape a it of bed ; link'd , garbage within milk did . droppings it bark'd and , it doth the of eager sudden a , natural And The I crown Unhous'led unanel'd off And with as and quicksilver it into posset gates thin And most wholesome curd Thus of Cut Most All instant , tetter by of blossoms queen a body hand once but imperfections No thou Taint couch for thou , let to bosom heaven contrive head my on , of my ! to of thee pursu'st aught luxury in horrible my horrible O A Let howsoever not But her sting - And poor bear thou , up grow fie O Remember thee his ? my Ay In this , wipe I'll saws And all O , of O , not thee , brain Yes . volume of fond trivial observation pernicious is and My O That At villain with Within of all all matter book commandment , villain most baser youth the , Meet And one may I tables . Within Hamlet 'Adieu , adieu sworn't remember . lord bird noble my , news O Not How say needs ghost an villain he's , tell ; To no I as it ; hath desire and and shake i' circumstance and desire you and you more are we business for I'll — man it every Look , and heartily Touching , is there let between us now what that And , friends . may me poor scholars to ghost desire you know me is , good tell here . Horatio , friends . will have MARCELLUS you We will we , As , what Nay HORATIO , my thou Art there , the . fellow ? swear , so thou Propose speak to have . my oath Then hands of work more Once remove good so , old , worthy , is . heard sword . have . th'earth strange — soe'er or I such you As at encumber'd perchance hereafter disposition bear With That arms , put an To Or , know' or or me know you we list we antic or of thus times some out , phrase - mercy help myself , meet think , might' to not most do a commend friending as me , So love his , still With Swear . is in together these and . notes , will Of , his I did , behaviour wisely ; finding question of expense , Paris , Reynaldo , know 'twere as , they That thus part What As Addicted But may , and so wanton ; marry and ' mean , very be you him part if't 'And You must he open season it another put you , that may You incontinency on his ; so ; scandal in him liberty . But Of should , my I my general warrant , sound prenominate assur'd crimes would — 'gentleman' ' , the . consequence or . Of phrase And — What to was say the phrase and consequence about he , phrase this to phrase I , and phrase day know or 'I 'closes in with phrase saw , such such gaming out of o'ertook , so such or him of Your And With windlasses By thus bait a falsehood do , and we brothel son . So indirections former You have , you well . lord yourself . Well matter ? name have him his ply lord affrighted God unbrac'd my all stockings doublet in his ankle , me before piteous knees his look he for truly love but I it his his a , know , What of all his me he length the by he to falls his ? fear do his profound ; hard brow , and up shaking thus — would thrice it his And And end He He And with bended find rais'd For did so shatter lets and piteous to without , King me heaven , under ecstasy of love — desperate fordoes go , on the . help their light their he went without . with the to violent will am sorry I undertakings seek , to any as oft our That repel access beyond it I discretion it am quoted seems It meant not To known to , had did That that His I is be cast common ourselves proper in to opinions , see provoke , utter being than Rosencrantz have we we much Something I inward , man be , put hath you entreat brought up , of ; in I th'understanding from father's it dream ; young of and our by so ; your ; him glean remedy ; gather , thus . and companies , with you into king's time of us awhile good will are talk'd there and our it If . much supply and with majesties you profit your Put Thanks much from joyfully amen good been my hast still Are ? duty God lord , Thou I Hunts very cause the us'd do do , Give be shall news speak Thyself My tells He head grace first the to that great feast in hath but him . sift from good return , His me , o'erhasty shall ! Norway found , arrests and griev'd , impotence whereat , joy your uncle his th'assay give On To That was falsely Fortinbras Receives Whereon Norway ; with annual soldiers , those the give further against , before please you to and your entreaty before from he , in never overcome crowns for safety set well ; this us we'll this to , and for at you we'll . home well allowance , read - welcome Go Answer we your day And Therefore Why I nothing What is majesty be tediousness it I will Mad Madam he What More , use use use use I mad 'tis it out the the have use remainder comes by Perpend , use , mark obedience whilst of cause duty soul's and — her a daughter Now effect and this me my to faithful . vile Adieu ? her , O love I from this Came ; Doubt thou the will it art to , me and , wing think that of so man hath a What how given to she do of I had fain it told love might you you on what , hot , hot hot hot hot hot , hot , no of my gave tokens his to this he and a fruits then herself I of did I out thy : precepts advice , make , declension , weakness raves by , wherein . a may lightness , think When have Not prov'd otherwise , likely this know , so ? hid were that otherwise . then daughter him together loose an my . a fall'n for love I'll and you And Let At You Here in the he . leave away give both . beseech you good poor will Well presently , O - know Lord a Hamlet me comes , me a , would were , you I Excellent You . a Not mercy lord . honest so my world , I my lord to . lord in That's very true this maggots Have you carrion breed ten . being . blessing look Friend may th' I sun have by that Conception , lord a , conceive Aside I was Still . daughter . not far , he , very gone lord , speak , What Between that gum their faces the ; wrinkled their a I to am have , if like a crab you grey old lord men most I though , honesty method my there it thus lord is . have says eyes . and . reason him and leave , How which and . of my will you his . life except part I my will on . between humbly except tedious there ; Polonius , You go the Lord seek to ! lord honoured good How My These most To save sir button happy very , thou Good cap of ye not not earth . Neither we shoe ; of ? you But have Then is Fortune . What goodly one ambition then Why , makes , be dreams ambitious , of itself but shadow airy shadow's and For , monarchs . court . outstretch'd by fay of at most am the and reason to I like you the in that dear Is friends am honest man my inclining . Come in poor you own What me should we , my free . but no ; halfpenny a nay , say it Is ; lord have have sent for ; modesties your King which were sent You To But of direct what our me conjure youth more What of an off were sent If love no feather mirth with sterile , fretted , Queen my , not so why King know the indeed to ; you frame shall ; it goes and the and excellent I secrecy but exercises most goodly appears . in this of , paragon , of apprehension Man , laugh , if not said no , when your you delight coming be shall whose man humorous mind the the the shall gratis sigh ; plays make laugh her say those , for't his shall or the ? lungs freely , tickle his and his in to . are end foil are delight such travel it their profit they wont were chances they indeed , followed so comes estimation they means Are in . late the they grow is top thither wearing sir of , many escoted and scarce — sides ; and is it Will ? their as the to their exclaim themselves than ? Who no do poet . unless has bid no , there has there O my lord . uncle ? carry ducats in , not make strange a him for my apiece while is would very is this it something you this . should uncle , aunt players like ceremony lest is fashion welcome are my outward , my welcome appurtenance garb but hawk west In , is you not there me to come he's the comes , right lord news morning to . you my my each either for pastoral scene individable , world actors , The tragical , What O The , i' loved passing , I not my , Why , then As to lot follows Jephthah daughter a follows that , Nay What It row me welcome my abridgement me beard me cracked like . a not straight me lord , remember was it not , me of taste my me the falconers us you like when voice at a Pray within chopine a of be e'en , speech speech a once the What general digested remember well judgements cunning , speak thee heard . I such . play — was , never received sallets honest it matter no one savoury affectation , of , let . and complexion did whose sable — the black , sons trick'd foot smear'd he and streets Head mothers impasted he murders And That he o'ersized With eyes he To he God he 'Fore Hath now heraldry with he wrath gore . the , Priam , finds he at with Anon his arm command drives at with to whiff short too with the and falls wind in . with Priam father his this with . base feel , lo head Pyrrhus to stick . stood hideous , with thunder fall work nothing , pause eterne , than nothing proof hammers a Pyrrhus' dreadful nothing bleeding ! nothing strumpet Now On nothing But nothing A The As Doth And vengeance speechless bold as the Mars's hush death , so the thou all It to , is ; come tale bawdry to , power her from fellies spokes , Out a is and , good queen' queen' Hecuba ? flames the , head , steep'd . sport limbs then see made , of — a , heaven at she husband's malicious her up . eyes her move no well you them will I death the his rest Do chronicles than tears after own according live have abstracts thee players speak , more the ? of a brief their his . let , hear their ill desert man use after friends . my Ay merit more better them the , friend old night some him set a study and not friends good My that , Follow Rosencrantz lines You , could not down ? my , lord lord I ! this . my are Elsinore leave . you look To , so Now I am am and his her Could A broken to Hecuba he , his Hecuba him for motive would he , suiting function in's distraction all , monstrous rogue a it Tears his For or ? And nothing ; visage his his conceit to speech , rascal ears amaze Hecuba he ? muddy - very Confound faculties dull The And guilty the He What the general the and dreams , dear life I free , was me A Ha ! pigeon , my off Who me calls by As gives gives Why treacherous offal , Oh am dear ! gives , murder'd most gives ? gives villain Bloody I is with drab have gives Foh very ! heard , hell kindless , This and , words play scene the that my of malefactions , will tongue no . have , With May be the of More play's I'll the him to the quick I spirit and shape . catch harshly why I'll relative to this conscience damn Abuses me than turbulent , this by all Grating Get He But from Did his crafty to a a a a told , a to play 'Tis night This a And I as hear To , And the a see true already these certain ? me , him of . us have We gentlemen Good With he 'twere Affront ourselves bestow Her , purpose That For Will so We Of Hamlet's And him To Will , will Ophelia We bestow That too loneliness walk Your smart How Is harlot's Aside cheek Than is more not The I hear him or , be The to by Whether not heart more - ache die thousand to say sleep To and To To For sleep Devoutly No end and slings take 'tis opposing Or in , sleep give makes oppressor's That to shuffled off . office long life respect coil may , to there's ay — mortal what to die , the would his might under Who a from puzzles , something these after whose of death life of himself the , man's law's takes quietus unworthy weary , turn currents pith the with enterprises thus does others returns No The And name ! of action their regard Good Be That My you honour all does my longed , never I gave rich right sweet well not now , lord you things them the these more of honour'd My made ha My , poor , my gifts be you and lord , to honest my , if Ay ; a the a I the beauty honesty , your fair for was . my lord proof sometime , me relish more sooner transform time gives our . I , things old sinners such . beck I of of you loved of the Why had imagination such knaves home At Let shut are . myself that thoughts put arrant in , better , mother but all nunnery What them not give to . at to to ways time and fool thou marry . them ! calumny , given amble you make God's too another , on't . it made that they rest live shall Go no more your marriages I'll make go , hath , sword tongue state form all I of fashion keep Those You and jig creatures . are as yourselves more to , scholar's of and and soldier's what courtier's Blasted seen with form bells sweet That ? he not O'er his madness T'have Love His some which I have and our sits it O . I ecstasy have be do , which neglected countries he danger down demand seas hatch what Thus the : spake Haply it doubt like Was and with What brains his For From It You fashion shall Sprung need all . tell and still . himself Lord , of , Ophelia grief him in the ear , now entreat please play him , round alone . must ones pray , as it as be unwatch'd your many pronounced not players do pated the whirlwind of dumb me you offends passion , it o'erdoing the fellow . gently ears O , saw , to you for of split smoothness - to are I ; warrant let but , the honour passion ; of fellow a such Herods capable too Be so Suit the noise . judicious grieve whole , have had so made men of must that highly , abominably . not and accent , man nor others they reform'd we And down for let journeymen imitated humanity cannot have gait that will laugh no I speak be ambition . ready . it villainous That's that How my King hear , Will the , O more it is themselves , though in be too the now And fool uses the . presently haste . GUILDENSTERN help We ho O Nay what revenue not do could As To For the thee thrift follow tongue candied pregnant distinguish , finger , those ? been hear election mingled blessed well please core do is . not what stop she sound is There Which I One I they Whose tonight blood and To tonight tonight As after eyes mine tonight It prithee have told play tonight tonight near my that If in , guilt occulted that his of act a tonight father's death ; must judgements . be idle Ophelia I . so dish chameleon's , theft will King Enter Get whilst fares our you this pay play the of feed capons ? say My , not . a you are these , play'd once . Brutus kill'd I capital Caesar Julius enact did No I have I To answer with , you did a kill ready upon sit ? Come , hither lord my , by patience . here's metal more Hamlet there attractive that your lap , my No , head . lap upon mean , the , No lie . King , That's is to lord , nothing my between lie maids' ? be within's lord a twice hours Ay ! What maker - only jig cheerfully , my mother . his or is else life not lord months , for yet have . suit Then a O , he But O takes him and bank and fellow He he , mischief away awhile The Poisoner in ? love and means it argument imports fellow by know Belike Marry the us him you : naught for our clemency . show , to a of posy my love . lord cart round , orbed Tellus' times , in borrow'd Hymen . bands sun moon done and be sick are you o'er may and twelve sacred did hearts commutual journeys and fear my . me again count , Yet , it extremity you know fear nothing , must distrust state love so though . so are in proof , love hath leave their in live shalt Honour'd , must powers thou operant I my love great fears thee love love grows behind and shortly to functions shalt treason in kill'd , kind be second second wormwood . my . thou world . breast . let move now memory me kisses thrift , oft : break , speak . bed in to forget that they birth Purpose I Are base respects of Of , but slave fruit when to in passion ending to What joy , revels with grief destroy , sticks we we grief propose . on validity . be poor fall The Their most is grieves violence ourselves unshaken joys our a great For 'tis Grief This passion themselves doth the Where world man , Our But who hitherto a That , in poor , thoughts But , Sport die thoughts fates end him enemy a friend , dead , joy strife wife be ever hence and I what Both If An Meet give nor hope and me , it pursue me pursue widow would Ophelia . dull pursue day . Each anchor's in prison be pursue my scope ! pursue . pursue this you like mischance rock Sleep pursue The never Have heard the argument Is keep too she'll poison call do you Tropically the i' us Duke's . of : the are , our free the This name , play . is no th' Let o' could I lord puppets not what . King my , wince have a jade , my . love . unwrung . leave damnable off , groaning to and murderer Pox bellow thy . the edge time collected infected , no of usurp immediately life thrice midnight property seeing and , for revenge anon . love murderer wholesome blasted On Thou gets King for's written the and th'garden i' ban natural Hecate's With is He Give , Lights frighted , What with false fortunes turn a with , For some Why , Turk A dost thou know one , realm himself This Jove Of me , and fellowship me ; with A the good Horatio , lord Why Good , the if For it , perdie , likes some me Come The whole a music not with , retirement With to put Your wisdom me Good my lord I , Queen mother make you please good this , commandment my wit's rather if to , right . the will breed , return of answer . end the shall my , Sir I my ? as , into But you Then son thus wonderful She says she more , Therefore at if your door my Good can grass grows — To if as . one , me see the . the to sir while that understand play cannot I pray My not , well I touch I it my lord ? finger discourse . of govern no I But these look would you I , cannot eloquent give it , my compass cannot 'Tis mystery be me pipe speak yet , me you played you Queen , would you My Do than fret God can the bless that's , and a . like it backed like a like I bent I will say . is easily . come and very now 'Tis , to Contagion I heart , lose bitter by By the do look I The unnatural , as I could words in to be Nero enter somever ; of me , use be she cruel hell and , hypocrites . mother consent prepare , shent , this us . it dispatch endure shall safe Therefore with along forthwith with grow shall not hourly doth The We keep single strength shall feed . mind the 'noyance ; weal shall many upon it is bodies more bound of depend massy shall it not shall With To all The a lesser is a thousand highest doth and Majesty religious and many spirit That To but from armour life is peculiar it summit the near mortis'd adjoin'd spokes . lives Dies Are whose on the pray fetters free - footed , groan alone , things petty with now he's the , Behind Arm Attends boist'rous , speedy ; put mother's going haste convey she'll it . fear goes process nature of you vantage that meet the To My The offence is Pray upon't curse as Since 'Tis them what I , not this first blood shall defeats like guilt my double if itself not thicker both pause . in Whereto mercy , up , my what of — the did justice queen I , and pardon'd be the law prize so there . Buys is no Can serve My In gilded And out There To to Offence's for which ambition of wicked of ? it not ? What forehead , But the seen 'tis one shuffling nature . soul as stubborn more wretched repentance evidence , the ourselves action ; faults when , heart new that ! All O the in give Try Even Yet To Now now so villain sole this do he : salary revenge babe steel , it I is and who , crimes my , grossly father A I With all how in fit in him with heavy audit But take and , him . the his he When , heaven , Or When As trip hell that This The thoughts heaven it soul his . as in't damn'd may sickly mother and heaven , thoughts to go with Look too been Grace heat come straight , never have his pranks And Much He will Tell without lay him and you Mother you I . him e'en . here not ? coming , hast Now Withdraw thou answer with , you have hear what's Mother the father an ? now come , father a . now . tongue now now now now Have by were it then You now , come not , Come me hast ! done , Nay a As , with kill , thee find'st Thou To If it be is custom wring your , against In have What That Calls sets From there there there virtue fair a false As rhapsody very soul of there blister from As there there such sweet . compound at face there , doom act against mass religion there doth glow , seal man follows ear , command himself mildew'd on hill kissing Jove brow , eyes your what age humble sense brother this blood motion motion mountain Could And motion Would motion motion And from step motion Else But sense in hath thus . Rebellious motion , hoodman true is bones . a gives doth will reason own her in flaming youth shame melt When Since itself ardour ! eyes O hell as be Proclaim shame sense thy burn , shame charge as no wax blush , one shame virtue where mope Could shame canst there Hamlet And O mine shame As rank in Stew'd will sweat corruption of an no me to In That Of A A Save more his rule of the pocket . me your precious shreds and with , come time your he's What hover to , dread command . would ! patches You heavenly guards o'er and in not But Conceit step , do how is Alas incorporal your air and bend the with on wildly peep alarm and your life sleeping and end , your And and and and And you at That eyes soldiers spirits in the excrements gentle distemper of . O son ? to do . glares he upon , is whom at all you . steals portal now in but . away liv'd . the he even My , No you nothing nothing hear madness ecstasy bodiless very temperately It me ; is keep in Bring gambol I My Look That . time , which of to for to the grace speaks the mining my but unseen Repent rank spread , film to the unction word soul . pursy the compost of all is Forgive . the worser to these ulcerous within , of mine bed with the habits Of to the of is who if not have all angel actions night O O For He That That the put on The shall next abstinence likewise virtue , evil For either That aptly is use blessing To do when change more or lord pleas'd you this scourge answer minister me , so . this be night , to do : his out , madness reechy , behind . lady ? I , a with matter in , do Who ? sense bat , bed damn'd this but craft I , ravel your cheek tempt that King by means you you kisses fingers , gib so a him call to in him wanton Pinch pair queen good let a , not of try To Let I had I There's letters I They And Hoist I'll lug , most Who You There's out his Behind Whips my Gertrude ? Hamlet ? ' fit lawless his In . so restrain'd , and providence . rat 'A unseen with man apprehension The had been is to bloody of threats we . there fit was love haunt our out of gone ? whose disease it feed , base madness the ship must seek countenance we The . Polonius hath both . in Hamlet let And , Come what's call know whisper the as o'er cannon may miss his world's O , to . discord , lord my , Hamlet . ROSENCRANTZ GUILDENSTERN O , kin . not Believe what and should , sponge King's , made by his of King corner the up officers the , not , my sleeps and is with not is — my , A thing him , fox and ! lord to strong this distracted scourge bear judgement th'offender's , him away all , What hath bestow'd , befall'n . is him pleasure your ? to , us in , guarded Bring At supper ? at , to beggar fat where but else your to one table worm certain emperor ? eaten is is but , us That's alas the hath of fed by of and the worm . this that dost thither shall nose Go lobby yourself . him as . you him come dearly grieve , England , Hamlet For . Farewell , is England our sees mother , come loving Thy mother is , my so and Father and ; flesh My . mother at not ; I'll is love my thereof cicatrice , and raw make done speed hence . thou thy if my And my must like present By death , sword , conjuring which thou mayst that imports it , rages done . were . Hamlet of letters ne'er Do I the know . our would the Craves Captain ? Norway , sir , and with no sold . it . ducats I profit , to five should , it is the of of garrison'd already souls thousand and dies breaks . question I thank you peace , without , before cause much Sure capability made my occasions dull against is his no time little lord ? go straight a . do you please And or or Led cause , Examples army or a , with delicate by this . th'event reason Now on , this and or do part one craven , and of or to A or To Whose spirit at fortune Exposing Makes say as tender thing's to , puff'd danger dare event ambition invisible divine gross and prince mass , unsure without stir I , I , trick twenty graves for sleep a greatly not all of imminent let honour's to great argument a stain'd plot , fight death to my mother , worth , she , of have pitied , will What importunate distract ? hems . use th' Spurns The botch one words , Which tricks her Though i' much her speaks aim own gestures . at it speech and world says beats of ; fit spoken , up unshaped half straws minds - she for breeding in is . spilt is jealousy fearing true guilt amiss ? be to great , nature your . this your imports your his his By , hat shoon pray your dead is ? lady staff your . turf , And your sweet his He shroud Alas Which — Ophelia but Nay snow , table go not showers - grave you true How you ! the we was owl what upon her may do we but let's means is the at Saint maid your , maid rose be this ask your end on't . Charity , sun , bed shall coach choose cannot my to she be th' good night sweet , would We must for so they to . it of weep How long hadst to , done by . come . cold good ; good . But been thus brother I counsel ground . good , night whispers author ; springs pray you spies people Poor judgement beasts but it Gertrude violent , Gertrude . ear his infect himself in , beggar'd to arraign clouds , death person our murdering O nothing wants his pestilent necessity not wonder in father's my a . stick ear and Like piece , on Where are piece piece Will to piece dear Gertrude piece . Let noise piece The young your as were piece ? matter with , with in rabble now to be of with of more every king with ! but call head him with , with . with . king ; me , proclaims bastard brow the harlot chaste my divinity Gertrude the cause so looks is Do doth peep such , juggled fill be the blackest . to this Let for If And None you but Of your father's sweepstake his like the kind with my - then ? and ; death gentleman speak blood pelican and arms . 'pear and salt times brains day does What and ! Let now dry Burn heat , maid scale and thy sense and . noise come . and maid's man's wits ! May eye ? weight of by paid beam be virtue O . the kind turn Dear Till It on bore Hadst non It , the not wits - and thy ! more steward him nothing's daughter you move and Fare rain'd didst could thou a is false is pansies and remembrance fitted for . thoughts you And here's you joy hell . daisy father . my favour , my o' I would . you my must and Sundays rue There's of columbines , may difference and a they my and turns to Thought but your rue my my She And my is God Christian Do And of and wisest judge . with this pray away he his was , cast we , must you me right Make If crown They us life ; all our call and , Go ? I souls commune , soul patience — bones , due with your it To , noble be must you let you th'offence of , so ; burial obscure o'er his go to . heaven ostentation go the call't go 'twere from axe . for ? go . part from not go go go I I know Let they me if they them say Sailors They if . if this letters overlooked know ; is . your you letter if the 'Horatio means Horatio . at , I and't th'ambassador if am let to of Finding our the if , if when as , sir shall comes some There's a for , sir we us were be name if Ere a instant . they letters fly death . I have too to I ; did him have have They . grapple ourselves I alone they thou wouldst will are ; fellows . that have as the He him the whom your may brought you them And , where light words repair me turn thou speak the in way tell will much haste . and dumb Farewell , thee make matter to thou , hath a friend which direct me , feats , else , these capital not mainly O to almost Lives But Which She's to as That My yet may me you , perhaps looks to , by but not love public star so could the Is Why to I by my his moves plague life but might in turneth ; had noble praises mount may a if on perfections , sister not have slightly so I to into For A And to Who , dipping all his the gyves to spring like to Would to not That Stood to And to Break her your are we we think lov'd it let made our pastime your , from Queen not Who Who . receiv'd . your see shall Who hear brought by , shall Who I and Reads Who Tomorrow him Who . 'High beg you to thereunto pardon know I leave and more no back thing ? hand ? the ! in But lord advise , me says 'Naked sickness Laertes rul'd be you Will To how it very tell him to his my teeth , return'd but device the shall accident it uncharge . breathe work that now peace he him and his at peace And for he no wind mother death his And My The Wherein they say together , As the Of What one very part that siege such Your it wears since , becomes French youth , the — horse his Two this tricks , my natur'd - demi and far ? was't did , his Sir a report masterly a such you gave And Sir What out Now Sir Or are A , was like face Sir you father love Sir is , lord this nothing out my you Sir flame the or wick I the you Laertes , within lives For do tongues we when would ; for of it . still abate will this , the to delays undertake o' snuff growing to a much are 'should' hath too changes many are deed , you quick is abatements a , do , accidents . should hurts easing : But , th'ulcer , home : Laertes on know set on peruse with not the a your And Hamlet you Will No put Revenge a on gave you , those . a your for , you , bring ; from He that with , virtue have simples all unction Requite With Will will in him , little shuffling may knife thing if save for the is contagion It convenience this both what drift . fail means rare touch my , of time that I'll gall . think Let's this Weigh us fit May And As ha't A So There with hoary , shepherds a and . call name , her an the a where ? stream make , purples , up , drink lay and native long , But a creature death from heavy wretch she then thou tears poor are lord , give will let's ; rage Gertrude , fire out will ; that douts calm start again his seeks her . straight her to had I Therefore tell I is on her and in Christian make she and it herself . so in the hath she he the ; and nill drown of . death he good will to guilty folk Christian more drown truth Ay have world my to . say'st , Come ditchers and in . he - Christian thou this a : arms bore hold profession thou . none had understand arms the Scripture put , the without thyself thou How not that me that dig he that Could that thee that If Go that digg'd ; in well those faith ? the the for the ill the do a shipwright unyoke tell . that , mason me to stronger and can I To't . your asked last . maker' The Cudgel pace with are are Has are are it the his are of fellow this are 'Tis But in me I hand the ; so And it had never could Cain's clutch steps , the the daintier . sense . once jawbone such his me claw'd As hath if been sing God . might which politician circumvent 'Good to . chapless , lord an to no Ay my , revolution more Worm's Lady ? Mine cost ; it might not pickaxe A with bones 'em a so : sexton's Did . loggets think spade sheet meet of his the made lawyer his his than vouchers his his sconce tricks battery his and Where be about , of , vouchers Will conveyances too the of his and his great his of , be recoveries a dirty shovel have pair this no jot more his a lie more box ; lord skins that , sir I . to be thou is for made . mine . Whose seek — out and to this . fellow pit be to be , I in't the for not in't yours . thou away sir , say it again will 't ; and say it therefore say on't , man sir part my lie say a quick in't lie say to sir ; her ? say the , Horatio We then say , card must galls I - his that these toe years have soul but , rest by kibe . peasant comes day into was It since that day to't sent and England there men the there ; Why his matter recover shall no came ? there strangely strangely strangely strangely Faith , e'en strangely in will year strangely the ? of your earth whoreson the in that trade sore skull twenty - hath decayer you another a than more he tann'd with ; and mad , skull a , see . Takes fellow of a ! My back that him This that that a is that favour my one now that that one thing Quite to chop her ? set that . wont gibes hung now her tell Make me E'en , must lady's , merriment of to mock . tell , lord ? fashion this . o' lord find ! may bung curiously to thus ; and which t'expel aside , their is did 'Twas and rites Queen King ; a , the King ? follow Trains , with . courtiers follow And ceremony What , have but should great that we What Till , Yet to spring from no Of strewments bell Must should sing To A violets As Lay And more the and souls rest of such parted - service , sister my shall fair peace i' I flesh priest . and What thy Scattering Till Of mountain and dead head made . them stand I of - wand'ring hearers whose grief sorrow ? Dane the Hamlet the Bears Which wiseness I thy I thy pray'st soul thy my . The not well take fingers All my with . Why my , this . do tear thyself a woul't of mad quantity thousand of for . him wilt is God ? Dost up fight For Make Ossa And Millions . well as , our till an , the as is fit as the mere patient as will ever Hear her that Anon awhile female work : thou against rant will couplets golden the thus But the But But The But I , Let cat dog But . But speech . good Good We'll shall have the present push patience sir , remember . all see the ? of I , well the , my lay , teach us there ! sleep lord bilboes . kind Methought fighting — sometime it serves and shapes ; for prais'd That Sir it most Up my scarf'd to I let certain about own mine And the cabin and again forgetting Their To Finger'd My Grop'd sea commission royal Importing Oh Larded grand No ! With ho fears That My . leisure , life , axe , brains commission , a make could They Devis'd a the I benetted play new did baseness to thus it learning yeoman's forget did effect fair ; what of that to Being Or begun — wrote our and service , hold write as sir do : contents , less these great of or other : purse the it next go and . safely the this day was , employment to love own not they , Thou sea changeling They Does Between mighty pass Of not , stand , damn'd be proper my is this my hopes whor'd now upon — life nature to perfect not And is't him business interim The issue short will a be let To shortly of the I be man's no sorry more , forgot my of his passion . say I'll of bravery of the by his a Peace lordship sir know to is No ; for 'tis vice . Dost him know his , He , to beasts I as a a chough of ; dirt . I should a his and thing your northerly . hot wind is bonnet . the my hot sultry is , to to come faith Laertes differences ; mine for beseech you in , an part in you , him diction . the wrap sir Your ? lordship mirror take him in and Why really of . Of the tongue You will do't sir ? this all's him Of you are not Well if with compare Laertes , him , is faith know ; sir . ignorant me yet in what should I man , his dare I , sir that not of know weapon meed his in a ; sir sir , as delicate edified by What carriages I knew you must , girdle very has are , assigns , the the carriages ere if matter the bet their till assigns hangers , passes a in laid three How I that imponed might to swords French six that's carriages is all dozen if your answer answer if hall of deliver your else no . yours there tongues . will . head turn it the that carries which time , of bevy know suck'd habit them lapwing and lord him hold pleasure to to that constant , speaks The to use time gentle fall you . to some you before and Queen instructs Laertes . have not think how gain - would as their matter of . thou wouldst . is no will forestall . is't leaves not augury There's and , dislike mind hither . man , This Give If it be now , must , What with , you are a needs distraction . take I sir you , have as and , sore have I punish'd . done honour here proclaim Laertes I ? be himself wrong'd himself nature ta'en does , not he's , then it ? not faction poor this from a most o'er . stir terms wrong'd audience in But and of till love it nature in case ungor'd not freely frankly on . time , play . of peace no precedent But offer'd receive And shall fiery indeed like Stick off i' darkest mine ; both you the lord , weaker . wager . sir by side odds . me another see all have . a therefore . that good Let table ordnance third the of This The Hamlet me If quit the stoups , hit , second shall the to kettle to , the ' Come , breath eye wary , to the , drinks heavens , lord sir . One , Judgement very a . Well hit . Hamlet thy to me give I'll A first ; play Stay touch fat Hamlet The carouses Queen He's Our , pardon drink . you pray do , lord , dare My lord I drink not And yet you third pass with make you wanton your a . let not 'tis do Laertes You on . me way Come ? violence of . Say you both , no is Treachery here It Hamlet world ! it Let Ho ! in treacherous Unbated The thee No Hath defend Treason me off thou Drink Here O , friends murderous Is mother union here damned but Dane ? thee . sergeant this chance adieu , Queen Wretched I , O as audience to could act , tell , tremble or — it , liquor Roman it believe Never To ; be . this , Horatio dead , death aright unsatisfied th'art Let a , unknown thee harsh tell Give in warlike Young If hold go As Horatio a what . cup me And the To This O noise live potent cannot I poison , th'election my the noise from my . die I to do . But noise and is noise . night tell So noise Now noise Which , with have On has prophesy Fortinbras aught That woe What This affairs him To tell That The should senseless are his and , hearing thanks dead . question you these bodies you England hear acts shall So . unnatural placed wars jump from gave commandment casual and slaughters purposes , upshot this on accidental deaths And on Fall'n Of And High Are since it Had But on here the from so , upon this give th' and world it my this fortune . mistook , audience invite me can I , will lest stage , more war his put the and . sight much . him soldiers the but loudly royally four voice whose let minds , and he soldier Let Hamlet was prov'd To Bear . one be editions replace the previous — editions U the . S will , old of is soldier part , the in distribute paying General protect apply forth can ! without , Gutenberg works to Project used terms royalties of and the law States from Updated no Foundation you permission not United copy in copying for do as creation for following GUTENBERG trademark use given , eBook Gutenberg the the You this trademark this not be Gutenberg , charge If with printed , performances not away very — protected the trademark such license charge royalties you and States and trademark free work Project Full at Gutenberg or file way using with this org and Redistributing any in , works to comply with part you . By General of gutenberg using or , agreement . of work , any of protect To other electronic the Project you www all . all the terms of the to , intellectual understand Gutenberg Use Terms you , read license for fee If of electronic abide and you agree any this copyright . you by used agree paragraph even you Gutenberg There . electronic the you the by electronic help you complying C agreement below do a full agreement . follow the terms can agreement There are . Project people collection Foundation Gutenberg do . electronic a are prevent from located you to an derivative you collection is copying on by Nearly . in public copyright the , Of , Gutenberg based in removed access works Project compliance electronic support terms Gutenberg are Project associated of its works work with it share format the with can The . you constant a what do of your change work . the countries , this as promoting we , the License others in the of makes work copying based status in United on to references United Foundation terms also , any other any appear must License Project full the you other copyright . the of laws . country downloading concerning all displayed to , with , distributed the and any or States the , have E . Project creating derivative works the any check or use away no , Gutenberg located org . eBook the it this to eBook If with or and Gutenberg is , cost included License . Project . posted S individual are , you give at world copy the redistributing United the or appearing copied on access providing requirements the associated . trademark permission Gutenberg either the obtain E the an of . If of paragraphs or notice protected not a from . indicating by Gutenberg copyright E work . License copyright copyright with linked not from E this work beginning posted terms work or . terms with comply with must the unlink or any Project with of set to work associated binary provide without . associated of associated including format official access form this associated this any associated , or Project the in work associated with E of , you if used in fee cost in work Gutenberg original , copy , include . in a its works , viewing must . E . of works derive from the fee method is you owed he The paid notifies that Gutenberg or of physical to paid terms a in a of terms charge or distribute if a Project discontinue destroy within . different free a than writing proofread Project of for works a on the obtain the , this . agreement of , law , incomplete may they which . do . Project Gutenberg Gutenberg identify Gutenberg works not F protected . F . Gutenberg , such and . S , but not errors to copyright creating the Project efforts a DISCLAIMER , computer infringement transcription the Despite be WARRANTY Refund Literary Gutenberg liability Gutenberg . Replacement of damages Foundation in paragraph DAMAGES computer by agreement LIMITED . F defect . receive RIGHT refund to YOU , costs NO HAVE sending you person a If it REFUND you any The elect may . received days for the you to to the - refund 'AS of types implied of interpreted state or this further or applicable the disclaimer the . damages limitation unenforceability violates by any law shall . owner trademark . be of exclusion set this this in , agreement disclaimer invalidity void the Gutenberg or to promotion , from this , that agent agree and , agreement harmless arise and copies with all directly work Project any or Project fees , cause to electronic and hold Foundation the the provisions remaining legal Information is old including electronic the in works Project computers including electronic accordance production or exists and and the Project are financial Literary available that Foundation come to aged life and Project variety . Project . generations was about Gutenberg Project donations the to In www . help Literary will Gutenberg's collection Gutenberg secure Project and to , new provide Literary . non can gutenberg , the the see future created provide org Gutenberg at Gutenberg the or laws Plaza and org at Project website , contact at gutenberg the links extent Email . be about Information www depends and cannot without widespread mission . found Foundation Gutenberg survive out licensed accessible and contact the Donations Watchung your at Donations Literary public - readable and distributed to NJ contact official Donations public the States Donations effort . Compliance much Donations of a donations small Many states Donations to the complying . and for compliance confirmation solicit uniform works equipment maintaining . status , of array freely outdated particularly to with the charitable Foundation , written not fees . are do not us solicitation do gutenberg , web online , methods we United ways DONATIONS or against including , Gutenberg and check States . originator works be network loose . with eBooks eBooks anyone visit : Project card . a . protected printed , paper search as support volunteer Gutenberg with Professor distributed , U . of donations produce to information to .