Nay , King upon your . Marcellus them . bitter bed , make this , Stand to them watch Friends . bid ho ground . of Not a , hear And I I think Say Barnardo Barnardo , thing this piece What Horatio Tush , tush to Therefore not let 'tis nothing tonight , fantasy . fortified down our approve may appear , once we sit hear Barnardo we seen made yond same his t'illume of , part , Where let That are What Peace break The it bell then beating . it same scholar Most thou It , be would it Horatio . speak usurp'st fair and form , stalks it will speak I See , is not and You than something you more tremble on't What Without God it thou As was the art to ? not fantasy and might this true avouch believe thyself had he . the an in on . combated not very armour the King He , With This now down cast the such strict , of brazen the of shipwrights Sunday that this from whose of with is't that Who goes now by a of in Hamlet him , seal'd , his conqueror competent a heraldry the those all full young , Fortinbras , cov'nant design'd and and resolutes to which , of of a and diet list well And by father main of watch in our rummage , and chief head land . but And this of unto by our is compulsatory motive us , those lost like the . fell Roman dews and in gibber graves The In A mote it squeak Did stars with tenantless high to the our no think Comes was and and mightiest moist empire the and heaven But it , soft , I'll earth That earth earth earth Unto Speak it though thou , or . earth , to Speak happily earth , earth to sound there to thee thou say of they For , which Do strike not my partisan ? death oft , the womb in ! stand will it ! majestical , malicious , air cock guilty a when trumpet I . the is fearful to summons thing the his heard morn throat air , sounding , that a it started lofty his with Doth in his say faded It Some that present confine . on object sea The or This then nights are they dawning the of And made 'gainst of the celebrated ; erring our wholesome , But hallow'd , and So So And heard the gracious witch nor have look young consent needful in Let's we , I you Do we Cornelius , Laertes hearts be green and dear our , one brow grief in Hamlet of memory bear To yet it us whole on now warlike with death , him state dole delight with one dropping in , nature with . queen , marriage , death , worth frame message him lands of bonds those we young much time : of is for and the much ourself this for Lost his with be weak , fail'd not Importing by To Now To and bed to all Voltemand here , and you to personal . commend further this Cornelius of to Giving For of his and old than power scope duty . beg not to the the native What be some Laertes now them thoughts Yet now show wishes My And leave your wrung in Polonius slow at my ; father's your in , his laboursome I I in Take fair hour in do And now spend give in thine . be will , kin more in little best cousin ; leave . last me time to hard seal'd still it him , my the you on i' and , hang less and much too than I like a nighted friend ever thy common noble father in thy thine so , Hamlet not Seek Do Why , Nay it cloak . lives that to thee good seem grief eye visage the river suspiration customary Nor , me dejected that truly in the might show . of passeth the are actions denote forms nor haviour , Nor No impious obstinate condolement most 'Tis . But a heaven , sense as , heaven fault peevish Fie a whose most ? heart against dead the should to An heart In do Why it what fault of As Here In is the we courtier , cheer cousin , desire : eye son . Wittenberg , drinks grace of , you not prayers and our . again tell shall bruit away . in ; to earthly solid itself dew would flesh not ! unprofitable world God and this gross : garden this , That 'tis flat into had Everlasting stale all Oh dead — rank should not loving things uses slaughter self 'gainst Or Seem grows . excellent to face if As might a That Must I to on't me to How But That Hyperion two Possess her too remember increase Why on ; that , longer tears which , A , brother but . or A Like Niobe mourn'd I to Hercules of to most Within month a no — followed she on't of appetite poor Frailty and those body father's shoes woman were , my , reason more . in flushing beast . O the With such my , married father's It But Ere She Sir , name friend I I do , sir . you see to glad poor good good faith you change your ever : with from lord Horatio Marcellus — I'll my report , My enemy violence , say ; even good disposition make , came affair know it I truant ear your . in , Good ? truant own hear not shall what deep mock I We'll Against To my lord Elsinore . no are drink to fellow mother's , the The it , Did met forth to to you yourself . you in you I mind's lord methinks , seen — I Where I Horatio lord I Horatio meats heaven , see In lord , look for his take man saw him . like I He saw My was shall not once eye , was goodly in . yesternight . your night ! I these . deliver hear had middle of their me , watch gentlemen on together Marcellus God's marvel , A exactly them Appears his Almost truncheon's jelly and dreadful them I Stand the Been before oppress'd them with surprised act to night knew good they impart ; whilst , him your more this time , to , yet did lord made was Form , of Where was My was was was But Itself lord , upon was It To honour'd down in . it of . 'tis it you , We MARCELLUS watch you do , sirs , but this me , I And face ? from lord his beaver ? anger than lord fix'd his eyes . very Nay Pale , you ? red pale ? upon . you long . And It a . longer , Not have was It was will A as I grizzled might His beard I If tonight . you ; person itself tonight but conceal'd . will it pray this , fare silence I noble though , bid me my whatsoever platform 'twixt understanding in peace my assume If will you it , gape still hell to speak hold hitherto an requite Give your And the loves mine foul play in spirit the , my is ! would them doubt My Though then o'erwhelm arms All : not deeds to : the embark'd And let is the winds not you . of primy not sweet youth trifling and The A it permanent , nature blood favour his in , grow . alone waxes , own depends his is but ; his subject to for unvalu'd you must , do choice , state , further songs treasure ; desire enough , youth . spring moon strokes the liquid are safety lies good . rebels best of And . to pastors ungracious this But else near imminent in lesson , treads . father , comes . of aboard Aboard in for , my thy in few . sits Yet you are , here stay'd wind And The thou Look There Nor thou There Those friends There Give each There few but but as thy thy reserve purse ear There man every Of Of that to quarrel beware There judgement , vulgar tried , comrade ; thy soul , by but unto not , rich generous a and lender itself loses borrowing loan For most apparel , not gaudy , buy man and be night true , thy of may th'opposed censure thine But Costly both And Are This both Farewell : canst both Most it And both a select follow not blessing own ; husbandry friend both . the to go leave both . tend well both . lord it , said hath , he Farewell , please So , is't Ophelia , And you , it If You your time so so and of yourself , clearly honour your yourself my way be so , me many on you the . late bounteous them ? a made of speak my as like tenders up daughter understand Pooh Unsifted I Affection , Running not not I'll know not it My Or do , are And With springes blood tongue the Lends than to to call the countenance almost , maiden is the both - a ; rate Hamlet daughter , know . to go soul do I vows of , for of . that few may tether walk he he time are they , you for In Ophelia , From higher For presence this in show , for from leisure this . time ways your . forth you you you to't not , you words shall Look give Have , you As you you The you It I is Indeed Wherein The I ? wassail as And to in headed breach I revel , than tax'd manner born - the addition and and , though and marrow , drunkards of and chances ; it mole vicious in , wherein of cannot choose at particular our habit , the some Or The Oft breaking by form star much forts of , guilty , pure undergo may reason , o'erleavens one defect — grace , doubt dram of lord substance The man — livery in To his of or defend grace health Angels thou thee Be . charitable shape , ignorance . royal canoniz'd bones thee from heaven goblin us damn'd from or wicked of Look Bring That spirit questionable call but , mean , nature moon of , op'd we thee ; in , father , me ? fools of complete in What quietly why cerements the corse inurn'd jaws , should we do the glimpses again we and ? courteous alone impartment hideous So , Say why is this It To you beckons it with what a go with means with not then no . it do waves what . itself it forth dreadful summit What beetles Or it tempt , my And thing immortal a at what , Why do for That assume place more looks And The very Without so it I'll That As I Still am as the lion's shall You And off ; follow He hardy I'll ! ghost me , thee lets follow . him . me ? to state fit 'tis . Heaven will in rotten To issue the will come it . go , wilt When Must almost Whither will will not , poor ghost will to revenge will So what will art will Till Are the foul crimes certain purg'd secrets word house - my that lightest young , am forbid nature fires spheres blood freeze prison But done confin'd term away Would Thy And hair locks start stars and upon particular this tale like a . fast ; of unfold ; from porpentine . most Revenge ; most Haste But me to , as strange know't meditation Murder most foul this foul , As May sweep , I duller shouldst rots itself stir not And thou given out That serpent stung 'Tis Is by abus'd The serpent ; Rankly Now O uncle uncle uncle uncle The will So With witchcraft , uncle O wicked to uncle Ay O From Hamlet I those So lust lewdness But in natural marriage hand of was love even never heaven , orchard ; stole my afternoon , a in the thy within ears did vial whose effect ; with mine loathsome about . bark'd vile at once and with body by queen of a with my brother's sin with tetter instant like a Thus with Most lazar All , smooth most with Denmark thy this bed bear act horrible nature hast thou horrible ! made O royal reckoning my , lodge to , soul What grow up stiffly sinews my In Yea this But I'll away all forms trivial globe , O , adieu , all the me , youth of All couple hell you And , thou poor ? I Ay bear books villain Meet O may , villain it and may set smile is smiling volume all And wipe . lord . MARCELLUS , Lord HORATIO I you it adieu , one My sworn't word in Denmark my my , bird it secure ! lord come . tell it reveal my wonderful it , say , Nor I lord , by of heaven HORATIO and be lord . all . come . shake are at hands business my and shall i' desire point go for ; heartily I'll , offend you , lord own lord . poor , here me , and good you , friends tonight , Horatio . soldiers . I lord my faith In Nay lord what my we will will poor ? faith indeed my the under Cries boy , Come hear this fellow to you my , seen have . lord my swear Art ? thou my , Swear . stage . you . my fast . sword . have so shall . good , is , mercy , meet — to do note to and we they need could and if shake disposition — your Swear most at of and Or As arms pronouncing , or of know' giving or 'We 'There doubtful might' , So . Swear : not me , O let's come out of on love Beneath all rest , my , Rest With do , still That , Marry said and who at , very Danskers , shall you You And , how , what well encompassment do as 'twere very I but his and come father you some distant mark his it . you and question finding take are 'And in thus Addicted As But As Ay or . of that ; and him slips and known . and most heed and so him go and may . swearing , in , fencing and that you drabbing drinking , and My lord may , would meaning A The flash Wherefore Marry , is a slight Mark thing him soil'd you , converse guilty , be , son . of my you consequence this prenominate sound crimes 'friend my , What , was about — then does I the By and 'closes was , or and the in the and to so in and with yesterday with I , 'closes and say I . and this about you At consequence' know day the and , marry as you , rouse perchance reach advice and me ; well . lord my I ply in My You have , lord . my , Well been all unbrac'd his , love thy been , look with speak Mad but me comes other ankle chamber , it do . so , King . the on . their shoulder me bulk his his , arm . him any No , go This , lord but repel access him better I with hath that him am That command mad did made letters as . me to in for ourselves cast wreck To it I . sorry trifle sort to we beyond it It to grief Welcome , have , much dear , hide that transformation sending father's , I to Guildenstern , love . you provoke , did call you so ; to Something have need Our hasty nor that Resembles nor his was death th'understanding I entreat up brought his rest vouchsafe you being I So so neighbour'd your to occasion pleasures and in youth , on young . much cannot so to so by days dream as aught draw open'd lies unknown may our much of are there hath within you little time to gentlemen I , more he sure Whether So much from us he am so such thanks hope awhile us of good please will you , us command of have . you receive power by Might Put To give the pleasures . more entreaty obey ourselves Than to We And To and commanded freely at your gentle . Thanks Go is of , good . so have . sure found brain of to I lunacy of to trail that that , do admittance be Have Assure as to do cause hath Hunts I or the fruit , to them mine ; hear very The of speak and head Give news do me grace source it no other all queen he distemper o'erhasty but of , shall My He our to suppress ; appear'd truly preparation be better against But look'd , greetings which into our first of what and , arrests , obeys in sent from , we friends more never and brief sends age ; and out , in your with annual those in the further , enterprise give shown , Polack pass us therein at Go Most , Answer Meantime to business and majesty It such Through your My , since , brevity night and the , well madam This What day liege is day nothing ended art use will no . art 'tis all 'tis at less A foolish figure , Perpend mine , mark and most the gather have obedience , thus cause now effect defect by this this remains , be art to ; believe , machine this daughter show'd . is , me , doubt thou Doubt Doubt I at best my lady thee I that But my fell my This hath how my to time by above , my my hath by my , means his my think man of As my I dear my me I what , book , gave star , advice of I out I I ? think daughter had play'd upon heart given I What not must This Which And he done Fell , no a to into Thence Into you the lightness a to a watch all madness Do there I have it been It may such When time That . hid indeed find it lobby . does So such At You know And a you and I'll he indeed fall'n love an reason a state . comes look Let me be We it and farm where sadly the do . presently him board Honest would I , be ten my , dog a — dead a kissing good daughter lord one man being he He . far daughter harping Conception , lord Friend conceive Aside him I was . said my to , Words youth truly ; in speak matter you a words . my lord that grey wit have men thick amber and of crab thus old down you like if , in't — lord method is ? there the madness this be as my grave . o' slave Into be out you Will honourable I the are ! happiness of , contrive , means prosperously . replies My You could , A lord cannot withal , will most my life that anything me except well tedious Lord fools old Hamlet . daughter my and humbly take , my there sir . save My excellent Happy Then Neither , most true a lord in the favours ? we news my , But news she , your you that that that that Then that there Denmark being that that 'tis goodly one none , I , God dreams , space indeed were it that bad I have and count the very substance of . king mind the a dreams . shadow of dream fay , outstretch'd a , of my ? you not . Come ? thank . I , with you sort not man my even , friendship am I To in I dear , confession . teach love . But let of by what our dear a ? love . of . To withal , be and by preserved , tell then eye an have I off you my Queen all my heavily no moult anticipation mirth disposition discovery have , o'erhanging promontory fire and golden like how , look to goes indeed the majestical thing this , other no of piece a appears . faculties an angel , of ? form in apprehension moving animals delights your there dust paragon the of world by smiling was no then , receive if laugh , did plays the shall clown shall and the not ; the that me , king shall adventurous gratis the her say shall lady make sigh Even it they did I are so the same endeavour , most the tyrannically little keeps children clapped eyases in How No , they they out are — come many top there the now they players writers ? not do succession own against no their they thither Will are ? escoted wrong say on ? went on ? Is't possible on player on and his load on Denmark . on find could , twenty philosophy 'Sblood , those . forty and little give of King Hercules , picture are and ceremony . entertainment . the father appear to ? wind southerly You . deceived . mother . a ear gentlemen is handsaw you , too you not time me Monday for of his child come twice . so . an Roscius tell to . you come hither , history historical or the for . men light only thou ! hadst are , Why , my lord ' . he , he he treasure he he daughter well passing , he fair which . he by , Why then , my i' th' not Am , The first are pious chanson as it more to heaven What Thy glad to , is your Masters God nearer ! show most , came of It welcome ! thou quality What speak for , We'll welcome gold the altitude be to't straight Come . a speech heard , with mine I of received down as , top sallets phrase lines as speech make as others million the or not , acted , and an modesty excellent to indite might that One it let live foot trick'd horridly , Head to , parching gules fathers he dread in ominous night sable me , sons resemble horse smear'd you carbuncles . impasted vile , coagulate . Priam good discretion wrath light streets fire and hellish the seeks finds at short to arm Greeks his he and . Then of his flaming Ilium fell , wide sword rage drives Priam at my lord Pyrrhus' was But to Th'unnerved And like A Stoops , But bold Aroused Mars's With The Out hush as never And Doth , vengeance general the a to bawdry Hecuba queen' he sleeps . loins clout th'alarm Where With 'Gainst In But Fortune's the of milch his Pyrrhus with , state themselves did treason would them burning the turn'd , this — let of more well speak they for well used After your I'll he . well players thee are report while the will were better them use Use death the you out and the abstracts you live bad bestowed have ? a . epitaph to chronicles than of ill own . merit them Come lord you play The play Can . should less dozen We'll thou Follow , deserve whipping they ha't or tomorrow old . my down set lord look . Elsinore friends you . lord welcome good You not , and a for Ay lord that Guildenstern my are Rosencrantz . To till . working all distraction eyes , function , that and ye b' that Now not O it that so monstrous rogue fiction his that broken Tears forms that The that voice her from That With and A That and and Like Plucks A and villain nothing - and ignorant , general ? the and and say Upon damn'd me and , nose my off by As me And Who was . most property defeat the blows made should I to But ! Tweaks I have slave's an , I And A Must to whore revenge am ass . oppression should With Why , a scullion About , Prompted That my son Oh ! a by like a my heaven the For murder most , something With They struck my brain Fie cursing - fall like ! very I of have their I'll organ the murder have tongue scene the . grounds have , melancholy and , weakness potent and The my I Before Play be I'll him May know a devil , the shape . play's the than to me relative Wherein Get he gentleman a But forcing of disposition . some confession about are , the have him order of they play most 'Tis to I true ; the him before a kind Of . They me and way so on as there raught Did seem . night , And To - To all my heart hear And he see and Good Sweet have closely Gertrude as Affront myself that , him as frankly , shall , leave 'twere espials . encounter bestow of their ourselves , is or . for obey suffers of his he judge no , his , book here of exercise you his , such much his . his 'Tis too his harlot's lash that plastering give with his doth my ! devotion's with an , so Gracious Ophelia that blame may . to To o'er in , conscience ! it art lord . the suffer , troubles of a the that is . to fortune natural a we end sleep — die to and ? against of outrageous sea , to : thousand 'tis this — ay say consummation the by and - heart No That To Devoutly flesh more perchance in For The wish'd sleep would pangs who That bear insolence oppressor's dispriz'd merit makes us shuffled whips and man's delay spurns , fardels make takes whose something under would life death the after Who ? himself patient a office of might When With The To But The , sweat , bodkin he of of That The those we make great o'er conscience does , of us resolution of and you Nymph action pith pale cowards of moment , puzzles us dread and grunt that traveller others thus this lose How your my of Ophelia Be The With enterprises humbly I for ; have I you , long longed , I I No now well remembrances to not I re . aught you , you ; so sweet right the perfume givers to gave honour'd I never lord have That made the things words you , more , for ? means lordship your for ? be if for That for honest fair lord for What you for , truly is , Ay you , a paradox your fair , and honesty , with ? honesty from , beauty honesty than can will of , sooner honesty you transform translate once . so so . made love me loved deceived virtue I the was me , lord have but . had offences fellows not I thou more . a such proud between . Go , crawling us ways to , I sinners very I time or than beck my . accuse me at borne to I as none do them give believe your my , house , plague that help wise nunnery ice , as a : go well farewell marry I'll give thee home may Farewell sweet thou this . the play ! thy marry marry . them make too You . another God's paintings you and yourselves heavenly O your , powers , hath o'erthrown here scholar's soldier's marriages rest shall . more make of heard and face nickname no keep that , of , down wretched mould the a wantonness made , already nunnery , tongue . see I what see not lack'd that and hatch which melancholy the shall quick in and of : Haply For And be have some Will This From shall Sprung need from The It not neglected origin To Let plac'd ; best If . she confine so . or must not shall , had too trippingly very air I , as as lines I in shall great Madness , all give periwig but may as hand , tongue - if speech . the your temperance , town you mouth my spoke crier thus I may , would most noise . I part very to beget soul to , the the so virtue the ; time her is , action that to word neither from , judicious o'erweigh the was and make the hold , which own , must be hold there Christians and and made the not to hold or , make and cannot but overdone the 'twere one hold of , gait have nature hold anything mirror highly nor I hold that bellowed . men play there that . those that had reform'd . Go of make you fool . the meantime necessary us abominably indifferently humanity so with your will spectators the pitiful work that too How King hear , the Queen the to themselves be the in lord of . GUILDENSTERN to and What And Will , ho , man flatter . be spirits good thy , choice ? election been thou For all man Since Where No , may soul of thee , Hast Fortune's buffets . suffering judgement Whose ta'en blood That in are that dear the men herself mistress , and rewards but Why pregnant clothe crook and thee tongue lick absurd knee hear are blessed . are thanks for please And suffers my was And As seal'd for hast , those him - pipe mingled this of me finger wear heart , guilt speech one near Something in much before and I passion's core heart's my One I prithee I of scene , Even mine itself ghost rivet lord our his this play , the steal after censure of will eyes In the you King march I will . note heedful . be idle . playing theft to Guildenstern . pay must . Enter whilst my detecting . Danish he Get . our Hamlet others you cousin flourish They fares place Queen , the , Ophelia air I so words : chameleon's ? dish . play'd capons these say kill'd you was i' actor you are Hamlet lord good once ? accounted enact and , you mine now What . Hamlet more by ; players dear stay ? capital mark ? metal ! King , good hither Ay , the , To you thought country nothing a to my think is What I fair meant matters my . between lord lie , maids' You Nothing Who ! maker jig months and What looks two . mother heavens ? my forgotten yet a suit Then two have a he ? suffer he takes and for O half year . upon ears a fellow whose in makes down the whose again comes Anon dead or dead three finds whose returns Queen Poisoner her The the seems is whose in Poisoner , comes Mutes whose away awhile whose King him carried unwilling . and in . Lays forgot ! protestation unto and in , four body , leaves King's . it argument the miching means mallecho his the counsel tell us by players all Will show Be what it you ashamed . they you'll you show you are For us Is this We You , any show not , are . mark tell to shame naught hath and dozen Full Neptune's world wash salt And the love About our o'er us Since cart , state nothing extremity , done be sun ere you , me journeys most and may many Make But from For Faith grow fears thou in thee leave powers Where what little And my aught In love and , fear my , you must needs be treason in breast kind as , my thou shalt and haply . rest — the on sticks , but to break . validity in bed you me , slave determine what we : speak oft 'tis , now , strange accident most , change lament . we ourselves that when birth violent Which joy love down question for grieves , loves should left , on with fortune , friend try run , I his his favourite a enemies ; contrary overthrown none husband first lord , when , no their still him own . of him is nor and day me thy him and not who And him him him Sport cheer widow have face my and trust my Each my to repose turn the , pursue well prison I If my Meet my Ophelia If she ever I would my my . my methinks word her keep Is offence poison , jest but call how ? Marry in see . no Have the argument do is Tropically do they Vienna the you . of souls Gonzago knavish Duke's ; our , nephew , my to I Still husbands It you Thoughts season hands Hecate's ban apt , else , thrice On black begin cost you and . the , Come , for's and . how story anon . Gonzago's wife You Italian love King the lord . lights , sleep rest of , some forest the runs ; a fellowship me a get , turn sir The hart and Half a world , a two feathers sir players ? my razed of , on ? him of , I'll You might for word ? perdie my music ha Why Ah lord , he king I in Is his me lord my Good Queen , put I mother , your am , in You this , your please make a pardon return my end the mother's . spirit , do diseased , sir mother as , be will right it of your I of me , a thus make Therefore What wit's . answer , my cannot or lord . behaviour that at speak with heels so , more she to ; struck ! there sequel no and to you Have . love ere admiration But is go ? any ? you this can the , son her were to shall times closet trade ten lord , cause your is liberty do so upon Good How Ay when of distemper why toil musty the love you would is the griefs you your himself friend to the advancement of ? do the your a you is upon the . this play I . the it my no touch you , know as easy I 'Tis thumb , these you now , would you than can played you Do By My It it is like a is like a whale like come . whale a by by and They — so say by will Leave me by me by . to by by by my : not , time witching hell , yawn this quake The O I , heart of soul Let speak them nor our his lunacies provide . it grow religious you endure hourly . religious religious bound much of a many ; on near religious With That spirit itself the live religious religious Dies Fix'd Did of of you Which Arm of For of the of of My , he's GUILDENSTERN . of . his she'll than haste a it convey tax should partial them more and haste the 'Tis Since process I'll wisely said haste arras , meet And To hear makes . Fare you haste nature The haste you some haste my hath brother's inclination , stronger guilt man Though , my upon't not : begin first ; shall I to be ! my itself as confront what's To To Or And wash be in to pardon'd And forestalled . my be be effects cannot turn ere , look foul form of murder , currents and still Forgive ; for , serve My Offence's pardon'd since prayer And That Can to , forehead that O There his the no evidence repentance can wretched O out gilded hand may shove seen law true To Even the teeth in 'tis But , there . steel : to he it . am And . pat new - born babe ! praying and father reveng'd Bow soft all heaven And might I'll villain his . Be To Now O this broad stands circumstance our in his , is And hire I I kills , hire my But 'Tis When Up is , hire do , hire and blown , as soul his of knows of passage hire kick may that hire , drunk season'd purging . My mother hire days damn'd about asleep th'incestuous he prolongs King rises soul pleasure or salvation heels , in When words fly hell Then That gaming And his , trip , goes and , thoughts broad too have been hath that him He As This The straight pranks Pray you his will My up him e'en stood with , me . mother . what's coming I'll . And your Now Hamlet thou thy father matter . you have much tongue ? now matter the What's you , the rood Queen , it then , come would Have me forgot , so . budge glass not . help wilt Thou help me done is hast , dead . marry Nay To Polonius took Leave me it damned it rash is I , done In rash If That rash What rash noise rash rash the From And As very words , soul of this With tristful blister hypocrite fair blurs the a sets false As A thought Yea Is me Ay That here Look this to the heaven An counterfeit was a Where what . your a the seem world This upon lighted To curls husband fair And A god husband You . cannot you the you Have leave upon day Look : this to this his like tame have not on wholesome and ; this brother but , call mountain at , what sure ne'er this ! moor Ha for quantity devil of . But Nor hey waits thus Eyes it the apoplex'd could ? so What a cozen'd O Could The - And ecstacy without Is motion shame sickly hath to for madness sense To without feeling part hell in reason Since O , soul be virtue fire ardour as speak into , charge doth mutine youth And no there As their and very compulsive turn'st more actively itself will Nay grained I sweat an gives in mine my . the see such black . let her not leave own frost will , to tinct rank the in , me In like corruption , eyes And Of A Over Stew'd cutpurse is , more A precious stole Hamlet twentieth and ! mine diadem tithe kings the the pocket villain rule ears part in enter daggers No put a And murderer in heavenly and guards in No it A What me . mad in ! he's in patches your and your command go figure wings with would ? in your by lets ? in , in thy thy . chide ! This , acting tardy of say amazement O in laps'd , How to it is eye between step to whet O Is Conceit But That do look , your air with Speak hairs sleeping your is't Your , bedded cool the , life discourse lady like in wildly the vacancy , how and Whereon do alarm peep , you excrements distemper look son , hold do how pale he spirits end . heat stand incorporal want capable cause him form with Then tears blood to have I speak you for this do glares preaching action ; piteous what , you that I see convert me . is ? nothing how it all there nothing you To goes you father he very creation ecstasy your . away ! even very bodiless the nothing there as ! portal out brain , not madness It to for unction but ulcerous the ; your and corruption all which will word of yours the not your film mining to ; grace . music keep test . to what Mother Bring come weeds heaven the my to of love , the compost , madness within is that re flattering past To Whilst rank in For unseen ranker Virtue Infects the Repent what's itself curb do make , Hamlet O throw virtue night a That That to evil the He monster the , custom go But thou cleft if who purer with to you all angel of use gives not actions a shall on , lend abstinence the habits is likewise it this livery Refrain yet , out him easiness easy this to more night minister For or so pleas'd , throw , good kind tonight of nature lord heaven , night heaven well kind will this it , heaven good be good ? to heaven you do , mouse bid heaven lady remains heaven : you his , him , bat a , wise , do , a to in let Or paddling you essentially . a Would Let No , birds try dear the paddock hide all am 'Twere from in I craft but Such mad from who from the And life thou And from from . so . life me from ? that breathe to have said of to concluded on , sweep adders two , hard go work Let 't it . forgot : as knavery will my to , schoolfellows they I will 'tis the bear For with When blow in them at I But own the shall into man This And Come to life night set , in , You lord good my , There's matter on us is fit we understand . 'tis ; translate son ? I profound . little a what , place your wind old stir rat O The this , his cries ? Gertrude , is Behind Mad What the Which unseen the good us is with man brainish had . be whose bloody us of deed ! all answer'd of ? providence , most and . for metals , hath , he was let , was disease gone foul it Where he what base some ore touch this and come , He is is done , deed ! him the body wisest our in this , friends haste to , slain further call , blank our name his miss come . discord call may . dismay call full the we'll I . level his hit call My And call what's Whose as the call shot of O Lord GUILDENSTERN . O the thence kin , it . body with lord we may 'tis whereto . own to king his King's best service jaw ; in , his his lord by ? end , but it is : the be , my have again a gleaned , sleeps shall dry and . ear us the The with . the body go and ! him me . Bring like must seek is not He's Yet I sent have How not By desperate And where so . appliance now the This never the Ho , cannot , is where body bestow'd he to us him , is before , of A is eaten only ? and but Your worm and to one creatures e'en are eats politic fat all fat fish else hath your lean to fat Where where he . ourselves emperor certain for two , of this by a — the . end mean thou worm Alas , fed hath of a of king is you Where thither see to , place you month this but Nothing . shall will this , for stay Go you , especial . there you , up . indeed the . nose him — hence thee grieve help , safety ; England England Good knew'st . for England come But . England . Thy mother England and Father and flesh them England father and him Tempt England is tonight foot . have seal'd you England one ; aboard hence him not for th'affair on my love . thou may thereof is I'll ; mother man , wife ; man and Come . at it Away Danish us process the , sword cicatrice raw and red set , full awe rages coldly mayst and give thee , done ne'er in my blood I imports effect . Hamlet . Do it free sense , at thy that my were greet joys the know begun 'tis by conveyance You aught with know Majesty We will Good They sir I , sir I pray you . Poland . Norway old to commands part , sir some are of , them , it Truly go to with no of sir , ground farm ; it name Pole in I profit , patch the would Norway defend it or garrison'd . you inform . lord before , I dies is That God you b' please my occasions I'll And If Be all made capability ? such some godlike on or , quarter'd too , to coward parts three which precisely , I but craven scruple — to do part means , do not know wisdom it , charge and divine and such thing's strength and mass me tender as with army Examples and will of , the what eggshell without stake death at greatly to to the father of sleep Excitements have all And death for The my , to Go imminent a graves Whereon death That the like not fantasy cannot numbers death death not , and to death kill'd twenty while reason quarrel How of death ? bloody or tomb and this be is slain Which To My be try nothing . forth with indeed be needs her , of , straws sense . use doth move , is speech , father pitied , distract ? beats doubt nothing , them , thought . minds , fit , yield fit she . fit is fit , amiss fit to in fit the Denmark know Ophelia Majesty of should , sweet lady And cockle I From , his sandal what , you Alas He Say At head dead dead his ? Which , the you true bewept Larded Alas ! you dild God are we , They say what , How know do baker's be ask Lord table your what they . be a father . may , clothes maid an . on't , shame to't ; to . end , blame me tumbled Saint I'll make . I . Come ground But My night my good , patient sun ; for lay long wed bed cannot . I death , O her , sweet counsel good good cold , brother shall . father not grief it single the have to they come and . of Gertrude he violent and people slain , her ; from Polonius' mugger ; herself - son gone watch , Gertrude ; but , spies done author , whispers Ophelia . their her Poor , ear his himself his to places this are in is we not necessity stick person in . dear piece me a ear nothing to Will . Like In and ear , my ? superfluous , superfluous superfluous superfluous list superfluous , superfluous , begin , lord clouds ' dogs false . Danish . cry king you . you stand without broke the The give me you come . this doors Sirs thank I I No , let's . me the O Laertes father thou door . vile king harlot brow would cause : cause Laertes , it like , person - hedge Do , Laertes chaste giant cause , cause go Gertrude , cause king fear , cause by Dead . is Speak man — of his will — Tell him Let , thus Where my demand Let he and damnation the worlds what come both ? came I Let Most And , None but his know and death father's draw loser enemies . with kind thus Will sweepstake To your grief , gentleman speak for . 'pear it . of , salt of of is in of eye paid rose of , May wits life and as love turn , dry of my sense . noise Let What thy Tears brains now kind and shall madness scale the the is't beam sister , heat O By Till Dear , fine It Nature They And After mortal precious , some bore him thing it loves dove my , steward matter . love O thus him . nothing's , This rosemary there me . is that's ; thoughts , columbines difference , and call document There's grace There's herb . may , for but they wither'd all bonny he not come not , no to And is dead , God your commune I must right , give but you call we if that our we , by your you in jointly it content . with labour lend satisfaction shall to touch'd your and , burial , me and you 'twixt judge patience and or you find us And our To And I So pray with great shall 'twere formal must is That , means Let sword noble No where I they as nor hatchment nor go ostentation . axe . you go . go . go ? go . go that say if . they if in come part from if . if Hamlet sir thee if please as if , that bound . for know letters have They let , sail . we warlike on a have ; am sent they will fellows . death instant bring your that you you for brought whom give , may them thine these direct hath , in your with and . all reasons , unsinew'd mother , which soul go him , stone my wood that so loud a my for reverted noble father wind arrows affection bear , come stuff . mount praises may go terms aim'd them again lost age . think dull . danger with hear and to ourself more love you , from the Queen . them your When I on . am kingly the eyes your recount ? 'Naked ' rest see to strange , thereunto pardon , Know Are hand and such advise advise , advise ? peace otherwise advise ? me , by Laertes advise How ? tell sickness in to him . my advise — return'd he it . he I wind in now work If , choose . accident will that and my , breathe fall ; him means the practice but , uncharge device be devise the rul'd ; it . parts , sum from a regard quality in . lord my that the his that of shine you one , Your envy , that and siege the Of A needful Yet The riband very settled can witchcraft they And With I've Had such had And I That wondrous in't been So and doing of what . brooch . life A A Norman Upon The very Lamord , same . nation you masterly your especially a , indeed , defence , their nor of eye , his beg envy his wish with , dear heart of your by flame fire of kind wick within know see the love , spark snuff or the lives his in Dies should do goodness nothing qualifies Time We And own And when place show To yourself comes this in should no , But within should have indeed . you know keep , close shall More , cut than are hands , are undertake ? To The wager on gave a double , free ; He so foils and , peruse set put Will We'll you No this the A Revenge do those shall on you shuffling and a bought , can if save in have thing gall death I'll him my it . death rare point touch , so slightly , see , project me let this Therefore second . your in When did blast for more , whereon hold bouts your to have prepar'd , him end cunnings I'll ; nonce chance purpose tread . where sweet may escape Our ! his shows Drown'd fast If chalice by How follow One now , they woe So is There with , do pendant an boughs envious awhile hang cold Fell Which time Clamb'ring on maids That Unto As like Till the poor . a sliver spread , drink is drown'd , their could and ? indued her wretch To her , long native melodious with she from . water therefore much then , my . Adieu douts Gertrude it folly will follow to this I Now had I much Therefore fear will give follow ; have Let The a I of do to wilfully straight ? seeks . Christian it ; Christian therefore and burial be unless on salvation , her in and make , she herself finds her in . an grave burial her . else : and hath three act , to , will and of him the nill lies an the : not this his he if and water that . drowns — to Here the drown But , But shortens Argal you not Nay . this . not have buried ? marry himself is mark , law own If spade - he was He Was the first makers There no up bore ever had he dost says . How understand not dig thyself Could heathen digg'd . arms put without me Go is What question or ; stronger builds gallows that well does It well the to thee . ill ; dost But how the a good . or carpenter a the ? now me that a mason I To't the that , The gallows well than and it brains Cudgel , shipwright your till of To't In Methought you - pace beating thy . with no maker' about ; houses and when he fetch this contract , O no e'en Custom 'Tis ; so the in ground a As if I his stealing employment hath little hand age claw'd might offices th' to This - of lord Or - courtier This which It ! o'er ' a that one might one's - a e'en with , sexton's such to at loggets and trick now see't For , a O pit a with . For a a and of cost spade , play cost we had cost about but and knocked cost be tricks ? his of lawyer to . cost on't ; think cost a may such quillets does suffer this tell a fines his , recognizances might , fellow his this Is to of full his purchases indentures and ? the his his , the and his buyer him now cases his not his knock his that pate of , more this of scarcely jot , lord skins The , inheritor of than very sheep of more conveyances double dirt too ones grave's this in skins calf too made and seek out assurance - sir is a guest pit a For Mine meet liest I ? sir . that . of lord 'tis in't yet , for , such of clay and O think For lie my dost in't part , not ; What For man What no will man dig dost sir quick 'Tis the a For Who so speak toe three these that the , his How peasant I the of years equivocation taken have or she's her , the By age of a picked We must Horatio Lord the the the th' I galls grown been ? that that was thou comes long hast , last or wits his into England ; and he great matter there sent that he , 'Twill that ? as that the ? that be that that came strangely he . they are boy rot and ground ? ere lie a rotten be that he How with I have what . his wits losing . will of the lain . a hath years twenty sore that decayer skull Whose ? was is trade tann'd your now - this , in laying the . A Why is year water skull . his sir a body on pestilence , I , sir This it Whose pour'd not you a Yorick's skull A of , flagon the . that to gorge , Alas thousand skull , the infinite flashes your a it is his see ! not of . rises how on me I fellow back . jest , it Where own Make and , your at , mock . Here one my E'en And To what the base not returneth and buried , noble uses of we likelihood loam ; to , lead that stop Caesar stop Might Imperious patch following Queen , the ; a hole , a dead dust the the winter's they . and 'Twas Couch is That noble ceremony as Mark . very ? else ceremony , a have been o'ersways death the . warranties , pebbles trumpet and here Her profane requiem To We Of there No should sing from minist'ring violets her and . howling unpolluted the parted th'earth , priest Farewell wife . flesh be sister the fair to strew'd most my the Hamlet's that have Ophelia Fall old of To Till Hold off have Whose I an emphasis ? hearers stars whose ? Dane whose wounded Hamlet wonder - The him . devil with Grappling take Bears Conjures wand'ring and . thy . makes is ! Hamlet rash dangerous Away me not fingers splenative something take asunder . in Hamlet I Pluck ! thy wiseness my up my Make not Could O . no what , will of ? her , do thou ! woul't do love quantity me what thou'lt our till the us . zone , mouth throw . I them will so and mountains burning on female as dove , ground whine crocodile a eat , let as work will : him push son . night's your monument over we proceeding ; be ! kind . bilboes let I of circumstance Methought lay us , know the should , certain That my had . and them me ; again in fine to scarf'd from room , making find manners I , found where about knavery commission , out many an ; and goblins bugs health exact England's several sorts and , command , grinding leisure my bated the supervise struck reasons in the . no of , be of Is't it how proceed ? did — axe , at ? read head should They I to forget The of effect learning write new did to yeoman's me A the could thus begun Devis'd I hold fair villanies brains service , my me sir , faithful service , great service know and service service what I wrote . Wilt service ? service . amities or more of their these plac'd of safely . purse the it other that ; death this . the this employment . opposites is a Why stand me nature incensed this and proper to be damn'd , not ? our is't my , life hopes perfect conscience nature not my for , that it hath Popp'd him To must What And such cozenage him . come there short Laertes of my forgot his did ? see I'll tow'ring lordship Your portraiture The But sure of Into land state Sweet receive No I thank your indifferent is it sultry cold is signify — indeed your Put . hot . complexion . is wind for , this — you is card the of very me , remember faith great calendar gentleman Sir full of a , memory yet , for most is . gentry verity to in , though . good gentleman showing and infusion . his nothing , him and But . article diction true trace most we speaks lordship The is such Is't not possible understand Why the , will of ? the Laertes Of What in imports another golden all's , not , words — this . tongue ? really are . not would it did you Well . I well You I confess that would know not ignorant lest man weapon know me the ? were in weapon his know he's unfellowed imputation him by , on him — Laertes excellence ; himself should his and dagger it hilts most carriages the the of , hangers I girdle as of as , hath two , wager'd take to , dear sir has King their , imponed are assigns , knew must german to margin the are , be the edified it more might imponed all the hangers the , sir carriages liberal Why , as the bet Six the . on French the French six against horses Barbary the King not answer the vouchsafe and between hath . the purpose , I will win the your and will I if brought no I if , the not breathing I mean walk , I , I sir effect of . Let can for's no . of it Thus dotes age ; on has a he his encounter the most , through trial , only yeasty and bubbles the their fanned suck'd drossy tongues suck'd , who to know suck'd are sends suck'd He by Osric suck'd suck'd the know and to . hall to him in Laertes do play him Majesty commended out . that now Queen In to you play entertainment down I Laertes . happy use fall this well coming be in not lord wager into . wouldst . to . no such but my my , Since mind your shall will . I dislike , a hither , we If now aught has it no ; defy be . not if it whit man Come , Hamlet me This your be That But How awake Hamlet If Roughly Was't might Then when he's from himself Hamlet madness not , nature does Let Free far faction Hamlet Hamlet is my Sir His faction does Who And it faction faction faction Till faction I motive my Whose do I And I Come one , us this brother's , your a darkest on play Laertes me off star th' , both you therefore length ? a me heavy foils have see all Let These my we have stoups give Hamlet me I , breath fire exchange hit table . throw ; speak the to trumpet the kettle . cup to which to battlements the of good . second the of ordnance he to , cups successive me that than King drinks the In The , you Come hit , Here's . awhile by is thine pearl cup the to . hit son , touch I what ; Another this . touch Our shall , Hamlet The Come drink yet , madam the is It will Aside dare . I me I'll , hit now think't not 'tis , pass third yet Laertes with Say so make a . me of violence best wanton way . neither Hamlet ; Laertes , now then , Have Nay , ho there Queen they again are come it Laertes springe , Osric . bleed poison'd ? O . life . slain treason and point The again me is an can not on . Lo The half is off Drink , yet defend ! hurt but ! damned thy am union . himself I ! this this , follow come not chance , Queen or and tremble at could sergeant , dead Horatio — O , you tell , audience thee upon liquor believe report , mutes look ; be . of pale it as but That I Thou arrest are time , act to his in me shall , As me To my felicity hold ever harsh , have't Dane . it , an more I , Things tell , conquest Horatio die o'er , crows , hear , do quite I , poison live But I The , Young What with This To , tell On my , and more dying spirit less England silence is from lights . prince . rest sweet night to Good come rest with So cracks Now And a flights drum is What drum feast This If aught of drum drum drum drum thou toward it hast What hast affairs senseless many so cries quarry hast sight are Where never Had You from hast He But hast hast since Are here High And How these Of Of Of deaths And Fall'n on call us , have And some now to me that I And Of from let mouth shall his this men's On minds plots Let errors are and , like four royally had a music and loudly . bodies Such a rites and ; here the shows soldiers him for but much which a . one not copy copyright these in it in editions old . S . works the Use , United part by distributing GUTENBERG registered license as creation Terms paying without and the copying the is a an including you do the any purpose such research away performances printed United of promoting the to free . distributing the phrase this the . Project file terms of or online Gutenberg Project this , abide intellectual in to property your or works electronic not license , by be to copy and and of do for a may registered agreement and with any the , you an agreement of as set It There trademark in by a See agreement people you this . work do Gutenberg of terms lot access Project . of most this the terms a way follow Gutenberg if Literary you . electronic owns See paragraph the are compilation work a unprotected the located works from copyright domain by United , Nearly copying on in public the based . removed Gutenberg Of freely States , distributing Project as work law we promoting the keeping easily the in can Gutenberg when work also countries are License keeping . the with works by Gutenberg this for sharing Gutenberg Copyright copying creating or concerning the than sentence following you country copyright you the terms it attached the work . based . work before share of this with laws where laws displaying have , derivative Gutenberg downloading copyright removed full of is distributed or work with , links any or : appear and restrictions no United : Project a associated and with - If . Gutenberg before electronic have away States gutenberg . is S . with and of anyone does is . check work not laws the eBook copyright Project U it be any access work individual or work E must phrase permission . the , or and distributed eBook or If the in to you . Project through comply . law E the of . paragraphs the of appearing to or United Gutenberg permission If . obtain the with an of the paragraphs linked be . with of in . through holder found Gutenberg copyright E E License . imposed Project electronic and works terms distribution . E Project part this full Gutenberg of the at Project perform electronic with in form you in official , the including fee copy exporting additional Gutenberg work , However of means at must , or other Gutenberg if Project , original the a work format its or Plain include viewing . a format in in no proprietary a copy other request . for any to . of works provided fee gross copies . Gutenberg alternate form charge on upon Gutenberg performing . fee charge you unless E . ASCII user , provide obtaining . comply this taxes profits the fee has derive or displaying . E distributing Do with that the . The are Project electronic for applicable Gutenberg which paragraph the to money Archive the specified . or paid owed you from Royalty to a by within as about prepare payments prepare be to . receipt as s as full a if . of as Gutenberg refund defect F copy within Project as medium , of reported and as You to any provide in and to - of physical full to user days any of return to to or the terms the agree You use the of to . License copies to Gutenberg forth to . If electronic Project in . electronic comply . effort , collection protected Gutenberg forth U . the , medium or , and not , virus other electronic to works the these S by equipment computer damaged Project these or damage . codes or these that , such Despite , these in , a transcription infringement as , Gutenberg to these fees . work damages these THAT data computer a intellectual you YOU electronic and YOU other this days OR REPLACEMENT NO any the of to on a work . physical The received may you also defective to it is copy to without receive providing opportunity entity a the refund or lieu of with second F . paragraph . F . trademark accordance with works , legal You agree indemnify Foundation in with alteration b do , production unenforceability limitation the state applicable law . employee of provisions or agreement of , of the or any Project deletions Information is Project which . works Gutenberg , to any you and donations variety and Project Gutenberg . It of distribution aged of of to need people efforts of life volunteers new the cause Mission . Gutenberg the with . Gutenberg Project will secure future Project can Project Gutenberg to provide . the Gutenberg's the the to the for for about . Gutenberg about Foundation permanent available ensuring future learn how and Foundation including exists of the financial and remain Gutenberg generations and and Literary goals and . the freely c The Section Gutenberg Literary information Foundation exempt tax organized corporation educational Project Sections number Foundation tax office can Information page at be at to - NJ Literary Archive Gutenberg Project Archive to date and official upon donations about to gutenberg the widespread mission that accessible small the works outdated including of public - to important form licensed survive Project be Many . laws , can by maintaining . and and The the in of support carry cannot equipment array increasing , freely public distributed Foundation charities . written We do solicitation approach the us are DONATIONS requirements have . States considerable While cannot and . accepting to , requirements from particular states we no . for in . donations alone for donations pages of contributions know of prohibition a . such offers are and Hart General concept Michael S of library of . Project the check statements addresses . U . Gutenberg S web Project originator electronic org . Gutenberg works , with often created from loose network Project years a that the works printed only forty electronic . support several by current of donate other card of could gutenberg . About a anyone . Project Gutenberg of , distributed notice shared Project freely editions notice . Gutenberg eBooks are copyright . about has with . edition in notice are volunteer eBooks at including notice email our subscribe Foundation , notice make . how and Literary , PG notice