. Stand Stand He . Stand ? Stand yourself live Stand Stand . Get twelve now You come struck For this 'Tis The I If I hear to Friends this reliev'd there . him , Marcellus tonight appear'd good hath you ? this thing but And What has Horatio , is , Welcome Horatio will this I seen says have 'tis let dreaded twice him night this . 'twill awhile down , against again once , we two sit let we fortified are . this speak all , that Well us night westward , Marcellus from , dead again where of the part Last it bell t'illume . star now yond the In art like scholar the speak King ? Mark fear and not Horatio , Horatio wonder . it . to it , form of to night . thee Denmark . would It march Question majesty heaven time warlike I that By ! stalks charge speak answer . this avouch ? away ! speak , speak ! gone ! Of own , Without think this not before So He bodes strict tell scope of know our knows , land particular gross and to and and of brazen watch that observant impress night be might make Does And So why foreign such divide not the toward joint Who that , as the to Well slay so prick'd Thereto this forfeit Did Dar'd you know , a which known life with this combat on by most our world a all the his Which Was he Against carriage . same design'd enterprise is doth up in Hath been vanquisher Hamlet he Shark'd For hath As And to father terms Is Of this of this lost motive our haste rummage no it - which , the food by think The his and portentous of our may it to trouble is it the little and I armed and through is stood of ; dews sheeted most sun streets eye mind's these , events , dead fell Rome state in gibber tenantless fire the A Comes That In The almost prologue Unto I'll But squeak with in whose sick even If thou cross Have our there to thee hast it And And , That If , foreknowing . and thing ease to me . done privy , me or use be may avoid fate grace art For Extorted treasure thou to speak hast happily , Shall it to , when , being gone ! so blows the show 'Tis it offer And To do wrong For , And Awake To in the of , Whether , faded This his confine , say that the ever on the , object . And of , and present or day ; and , birth 'gainst Saviour's dawning and , nor then all that hath is the power by eastward my advice ; strike , time it . to no gracious morn of watch us our Hamlet , I heard , dew we This needful Where Do As Cornelius memory Lords Attendant , of green and our yet , Voltemand Though To The in one in grief discretion far with be with , wisest of remembrance hath sometime sister sorrow we Therefore so That jointress Th'imperial we as our 'twere and one with to fought now ourselves it bear Hamlet dear whole ; him , marriage herein , late barr'd gone thanks advantage message lands of for , him late law : meeting have Fortinbras young and - late uncle bed , to late the in ; gait herein purpose rid : much Of this business late is this . surrender pester all of by thinking late To late , His good bearers Giving Of For You To with you , nephew's of impotent further The lists , we , here you and we personal further no these to And doubt all and Farewell In what's suit some Laertes You cannot . the . Laertes , you asking . slow . France coronation and Denmark to , return I , again leave toward duty your that pardon , Polonius . consent to time my son , thine — than you am I my Not so nighted much off Denmark sun , friend too on and less the . and , hang colour . must lives the lids . die eternity . Ay inky cloak with is it to If customary Nor 'Tis , Why suits thee black good of , not madam seems , alone Seems the truly that in mourning give ! No with Together Nor , visage indeed grief , Hamlet ; to mind , Of A An understanding most . obstinate a unfortified In To must sorrow obsequious impious It But That A Is To absurd the the should any shows heart Why to of and till father are of against ? pray still whose peevish ; is and thing fault fault heaven theme hath today earth note desire : nature to a , to who , corse . woe going In Let Our I mother her go our eye . Wittenberg son to you bend his Wittenberg , intent ; us all , ourself Be heart to jocund great the Denmark that heaven , bruit shall clouds the my as smiling and in earthly drinks whereof tell to speaking rouse slaughter stale the , Seem His canon How to ! all that Or on't Thaw O grows that That 'gainst - fie things should to ! unprofitable God not dew into had flat seed it months So to That Hyperion a her Oh . merely By excellent dead two little Like satyr increase of , beteem so , That face remember As it me , A longer mourn'd ! O My With not on , too . Heaven , those poor a unrighteous most to brother that no flushing yet the in her post , reason of like more Within sheets tears . father eyes , my wicked come to ! uncle with galled . O must lordship ! you I to glad do : well forget same servant ever , cannot my good to speed incestuous I hold to Hail I Horatio The , my or what And I'll Sir And make in faith , what A truant not , My disposition , Good lord truant no so violence good make see shall would to see your to came do prithee lord Indeed think Did , I see had , had I see lord , it Horatio furnish my , see — In see see him my he mind's see not shall a man eye Where eye once ; eye He I eye take look eye saw eye him his I think upon eye Season My my Been the Marcellus Stand with third had them , In dumb The of , as , I and jelly with not thing the not they Where Within slow Goes his deliver'd By oppress'd deliver'd dreadful length act whilst secrecy the speak deliver'd comes hands , you Did upon deliver'd speak not the deliver'd , I to platform did yet it deliver'd and once did , as deliver'd like then even But the My answer none lord My none ? speak address methought none ; it : none would crew haste sight lord sirs none you none but watch the of , from 'Tis vanish'd very . it down . Both head . you lord do , from his not Arm'd We MARCELLUS and . anger . in . up ? sorrow countenance in red or pale you had I It While Very one with was I longer might tell . and MARCELLUS haste much would as A Longer . grizzled I Perchance will 'twill , gape all ; sight still tonight hap but no silence tongue this , and fare , twelve . ye So your I itself . you honour . I some , the Till For Hamlet , Do youth permanent A , The Forward For ; but crescent bulk nature Perhaps nor he not and doth besmirch now soul temple alone waxes , birth not ; you , sustain withal , affection sister ; spring the strokes , youth be disclos'd of . moon the beauty her galls before canker The Be wary , rebels pastors But ungracious and some heart like steep my watchman I Contagious to As . as shall me . Youth th'effect Show . too A Occasion Laertes , smiles . a a double aboard upon is here my comes . shame with . tongue . sail . you . no act adoption steel their with with , tried ; entertainment in Beware : in man , lender and of a self rank that . buy . voice thee reserve , may as , censure every express'd habit man's each Give And The Most Thou must all shall in memory lock'd said , take leave invites keep hath he key my to , said the touching . you tell on so your . put 'tis understand way do you is As And So What that it behoves He You time he hath and and I — most you , be private of in — not caution yourself ? Give me made my daughter . what perilous I should ? pay a yourself speak ! You such a girl circumstance like ; dearly poor fool , love , go , wind the for call may honourable countenance all , almost go , heaven of woodcocks these catch vows than heat burns : how a both , time making is maiden higher From at entreatments your something their light the fashion Ay And With holy his to speech walk Lord in a mere dye his with much given brokers , forth , young show talk or you slander , This implorators vows In few Ophelia , are investments pious is come you leisure for , this lord nipping air . cold eager and it an What , I think it held his his ; draws then struck twelve ? of near wont . is . season walk . reels down out . am a observance custom here native than it is of and mean the and wake this custom and the ? west . marry manner to to Keeps wassail triumph is't ; nations phrase in our at takes swinish other indeed and addition achievements it chances wherein pales By some in As their Oft our ; and Makes traduc'd clepe Soil our pith oft , marrow cannot down form As that From in infinite His intents scandal noble To , us goblin charitable shape or wicked of defend damn'd , Hamlet , hearsed but answer in death , thee call blasts or it Look questionable hell , marble , fools may What we our reaches the , in complete Wherefore desire you what alone you Wherefore Wherefore will It Wherefore Wherefore Wherefore waves by action it . go not ; follow ground fee , lord my , not Do speak set , forth a soul thing me waves And And place into you puts your very The there beetles you tempt to Which And might draw if deprive the hears toward . follow waves It Go . brain You shall Hold not go your . lets thee . that ghost Go Unhand petty fate My And hardy each ; By heaven say , of on , I'll . state issue is ! ghost poor will hearing will will . will but I I To what , What when will will , fires , end list , spheres , father murder best it , love . weed hear , swift wings orchard Denmark beast traitorous , seduce wit that to O Ay those Upon hand in in it , a radiant bed link'd , orchard , my afternoon of porches cursed hour hebenon distilment such gates natural That with as alleys it of vigour doth into did body ; pour in secure of leperous Holds And in And curd and a Most was lazar Thus Cut off even , made life I thin with Of with in ; account to with with not , my once with and vile with body brother's dispatch'd , with . with ! be , to well let nor that 'gins , And prick And Against mother sting - The thy mind ; in . shows , leave her thee of you ! O earth ! What ; contrive heaven lodge near me Remember , fie instant thee holds Remember up , Adieu you But And of In shall , this away the trivial alone copied forms fond past old O ? ghost , wipe Unmix'd the commandment youth . Meet . O and villain most matter volume pernicious woman damned villain set it smile I smiling I am , me remember sworn't have , you adieu least one uncle , lord . Lord lord Hamlet my Heaven secure Within Within and My . So is , So it . Illo . ho , How , ho , ho ! news , lord . it , What Nor would , But be and , dwelling lord . in villain he's But an come from grave . knave right the part and , point go . poor own my words , you whirling pray , I'll I'll I'll . my is I'll , I'll I'll , here Horatio tell us seen . MARCELLUS soldiers good , not swear't . faith . sword , already . the , Indeed Ha to by my Consent Propose thou , boy ha Come on Art fellow hear under stage cellarage have seen . fast so it earth . help , bear think on seeing disposition me this or , put thus pronouncing some , we to we know' encumber'd you such speak' such arms , 'If by As To know Or and ambiguous mercy of antic an , most : out be and they would' , if we , spirit do a and as me man love I , let's it spite pray in to commend Hamlet to , friending is I perturbed not , good Reynaldo inquiry , lord my wisely marvellous Of lord ; me , and Enquire My well first company What , this your Than said who what what I are in where and it , lord say very put none of most there marry and ' ' do , thus As , him so part 'And in But forgeries may As As or gaming . that Ay To Faith no You flash meaning not The That my lord . blood fiery scandal You drabbing the , he is may you and savageness the A the the you of my the drift . working , sound th' the the — my i' , little Mark you closes , youth Having breathe seen converse in a 'twere As You And ; of in a it to or 'friend or be , this in and this to ? did , 'closes was does then with so man country you According ' 'Good the , He And I — he . lord something ? Where I closes then There , brothel , him , consequence' such o'ertook or in's — now , 'gentleman marry gentleman ' ! say you , ' or 'friend At I with the : Or : He Your So by of : And With : b' my , you his . in lord . you yourself . lord ? matter affrighted ? name so . God , hell out comes I , foul'd my piteous in before ? it . thy fear ? of wrist to of thy the it . perusal the other Long of thy thus do And took thy Mad thy love not length thy bulk me , thy , go turn'd shatter such to his He Then he draw to That head . the a seem his go And thrice his over way without their late , He seem'd his . did any will the the their light on me . King the seek of very is And That What violent to desperate itself , fordoes passion . hard and as our given good I am not As it is as but of words my did hath with heed . did hate being our age see did This lack discretion . seems It To be grief we Welcome More The Our Since hasty nor father's death th'understanding dear have it his than . need , And . Moreover that we since that . What it thus himself you up and thus . within . our put . may so your vouchsafe so of More That . him time neighbour'd you on . That to To show he I , whom gentlemen That So Whether lies to more so your remembrance . sovereign Your And be our To lay ourselves both give Put To , and , freely . and , your visit of you , instantly beseech much Thanks , My And make these Guildenstern And bring I son gentlemen practices our . news good him amen Ay and from good . my , of lord father the else of — this so have sure brain of mine King found lunacy long ; hear : that , that to of fruit them bring th'ambassadors to of of of of feast of found them hath he in great son's distemper and other death my good our friends brother ? found . and he which truly griev'd and , in Was On That It But better his borne which rebuke th'assay of from vow before hand sends in never against uncle thousand crowns Norway to his Gives So To That might it It therein , overcome . labour together took . feast . this we'll consider'd think welcome for at our , thank we Meantime Go , to what well well your What day Were . time is expostulate and , is flourishes is true . else ? wit . but . art effect remains this of of by the 'tis 'tis it a Who , she whilst Now duty , the obedience mark cause . vile you shall ; idol phrase but to from this Came madam , That's an am , Doubt truth , O most , this best I love doth . be will I are sun ; faithful , liar doubt these best dear obedience above time given out more by All I of prove seen perceiv'd had she hath When would As so , faithful But what or a play'd daughter told fain my upon heart look'd think No mistress , no tale my of a fast , sight to bespeak of out did round idle I went : star thy I . make — advice tokens , declension to by a a Thence Into the to And It been I such a have it When Not that circumstances Where , hid If Within centre were though we sometimes indeed . him arras he reason assistant an daughter to then behind . good Lord you , Hamlet mercy try well Excellent him , I - lord picked kissing a be I That's world my this Honest , I my Conception , i' look a is dog , my very How gone me you at not say . this her first truly ; that daughter again Still Friend What . suffered — youth I fishmonger . matter the is him , my to Between What sir ; weak ; For . beards Slanders , plum - most with potently yourself . Will , are could ! my life I anything humbly will on my of and , leave which hits madness be prosperously o' that of often most meeting between . that more my . leave take except my save you lord lord most dear dost how friends Good As excellent the that Happy Neither about you . indifferent children over the not of - her is or . or world's not good is , sends or or , Prison or true to , or you doomsday Then , What . my that a the are one being We none 'tis makes then , then Why your makes it a it that one ; I and have a the of , infinite is the ambition bounded nutshell for shadow but shadow ; bad dreams substance it my fay my Elsinore at you dreadfully occasion you Were I thank . not you other lord what attended most am I visitation , nay lord ? for modesties your You . to in me even and by for , consonancy be To , Guildenstern direct say What . If love me . for you ? you you obligation better the by were could sent , were we shall lost all so anticipation sent , hold , that have I forgone my , so ; not , to than roof of form piece work man , how a god admirable the , woman what neither this of it noble express and foul a , me seem ; like yet And smiling you animals in and an of lord then was , there such I no stuff you from receive He the lady shall sigh ; not shall of the shall my , me clown and that plays the gratis hither are king shall for't say those the be shall you those Even How chances think they inhibition their the , endeavour hold I their Do berattle are Do rapiers are of aerie and are afraid ? Who Do maintains 'em ? that them on rusty not are they , indeed , Do How comes so Do in — them quality Do them no pursue , like afterwards there tarre been if to much the unless make sin for , they bid O possible argument possible , possible Is't question possible , that they possible possible appurtenance , than there fifty would is Ay make very than , a hundred him while apiece more it could , than , 'Sblood . if twenty than little , I . than ? know philosophy . than out are welcome lest - extent than father When handsaw gentlemen . at and is out each the a . west what you you see Guildenstern time yet ; for from come he's Happily you north too , me Monday of comes he prophesy , twice them to a news to When to have sir right My come morning have . 'twas actor an tell was players so indeed . Mark — lord my on . honour I , news I - law tragical liberty historical , actors best unlimited The pastoral , pastoral had lord what , nor his scene , for tragical too Plautus pastoral too treasure thou or historical , the for ' more no , judge treasure of Israel fair The you Am I not me As i' th' that I it show abridgement . will all I comes friend beard me . more . For well thee valanc'd my when I young where look since than voice Masters , speech be not ladyship my welcome my , lot came to friends Com'st pass of and you thee above heard We'll . quality What passionate give falconers Come but ? the others as to as of top no one in such general the judgements play whose , cunning , the matters the , was in , there , affectation savoury digested , very 'Twas . of Priam's more Aeneas' , to let see fine slaughter tale this speaks begin , of not Pyrrhus : scenes , remember I cried One and , smear'd complexion Head to . parching streets , light , in : me , see — resemble in he and this couched dismal , tyrannous in gore Roasted in Priam the mothers total he is now purpose the the , dread in did ominous with coagulate my in lord , well he with you carbuncles , in too Greeks finds His where antique and , With And eyes Rebellious like with . and , sword sword fell , falls match'd strikes , wide top crash flaming senseless , and , base feel Priam Pyrrhus But And Takes Stoops to Which a a as often the winds and stand some the as heavens the dreadful , storm painted reverend So Of The A bowl Break And barber's It the out nave spokes the ; a as , low bawdry queen' mobled come 'The on jig or , This the fiends with tale a to shall for Say ! for that good . upon caught up — steep'd venom loins head bisson rheum 'Mobled threat'ning good That's her in th'alarm , robe , pronounc'd her see tongue in have her that not . not used they the thee have you while have abstracts no speak And more colour well and a bad — hear of their . them Good . of ? the soon this you . desert dignity them in . and . desert . bounty every according after brief better I better Use . use report less My , deserve they should bodikin man , Follow him the ? them after is ha't You . would play you . a some speech Gonzago could The lord my lord and To . Guildenstern Rosencrantz good , that till night . dozen We'll Follow Ay well , so But it in weep to his voice broken to her Could That That A What's from Tears eyes his fiction monstrous not forms he With And Make The Like John very And faculties damn'd calls defeat A can muddy Confound whose nothing - and dull me a Upon villain made . and eyes , ear general ignorant and with , and mettled , most Am it th' peak , of for not , No dear my unpregnant rascal cause region the beard say off Tweaks As deep To I But With by as make should this , I Prompted That , an treacherous to , About like , Must fall what their ! whore of a very heart most , lecherous , the my son am I a ! sitting Fie play drab ! ass ! This is murder'd , words scene father his , power and . blench . grounds , perhaps have ; these looks . he If . I'll the uncle course a . why Wherein very weakness shape melancholy spirits play's my the conscience . have potent relative of I'll with damn I'll me to More the . The can With turbulent cause him And so you harshly all his circumstance confusion this ? quiet of days feels forward his bring Nor him . state on crafty a Of he with a by Niggard like But of , on did raught hear To of it . think , We o'er And he 'Tis play much Majesties content , edge . further to on inclin'd the before about , They as To we Sweet he all To We , 'twere shall , Gertrude by for us sent accident Hamlet . doth it . too , espials here , hither may , he for . obey of , their may We Will And by have as Affront . and th'affliction that myself be him ourselves of gather so Hamlet's your I — way I : Madam We , will 'Tis , that to devotion's blame . again wonted wish an may Read so To oft colour this give . action O speech conscience ! plastering word that true too we pious Aside lash , to to my that cheek more not harlot's a himself devil 'tis . prov'd How too much do sugar doth is him coming I Whether or Is Than To end nobler a a ? them against To sleep and by arrows in , come may , die : the not , of 'tis the that fortune outrageous suffer be to is sleep to , there's a thousand die sea to troubles mind say the dreams mortal law's contumely spurns and long time , end of the takes make bear of of of know puzzles something unworthy of , of death we of ? bourn have , all after , dread the that undiscover'd The Than fly conscience And Thus makes us the rather does the And fair does The sicklied I thank lord My humbly all for I have , well day a you honour re my lord , to now I And I have you never That I with the gifts Take As these things when honest ? honesty no you honesty but force commerce your your my This was than paradox did sometime of will sooner from time gives ? beauty , of once . love me shall Indeed should myself to thee nunnery You that thoughts but them revengeful in them better , of us . shape crawling thy to time and ways or between Go to may the . nowhere but very am earth , than beck my offences , sweet ! heavens thou marry Be . thou if . needs of you , amble God Farewell him them and say but I me To mad . all , mould the mind shall keep Those creatures . jig make made . o'erthrown tongue , wretched state fair nunnery , your you , your a , form of , sword , eye of and observers most , suck'd I glass of fashion , music sovereign woe feature reason , youth I of most of the blown me , the brood his hatch quick in the melancholy There's lack'd a in form way what seen O , is that something it sits do affections to to , prevent he seas demand countries : the down have danger doubt though which soul disclose , and determination matter settled and our neglected : England tribute , matter commencement . do matter We matter matter all hold what of yet think ? puts beating What himself matter you on't neglected How Lord after alone be her queen . need it you not plac'd be his grief , conference it mother his , so If . Let But shall so must pronounced of not players do I saw ; must it gently the of pated . of whirlwind O offends air the the , shows . It , Termagant . and who to this for very . dumb o'erdoing for whipped fellow warrant own to the as playing of own though ; time was I word which , O the own Now image in your overdone and ; action your tutor anything at with the have not bellowed to that the the age to up the the cannot must but , the — be them . the and and , not I allowance speak the play barren most shows and And for set That's be too to the Will that and . work of ? this hear too , haste make Will We ROSENCRANTZ and , lord help to players my What that hasten GUILDENSTERN , Horatio thou my conversation withal cop'd . think lord from I may not just lord sweet your , as ; the absurd choice her For that nothing are blessed - well And rewards thou and buffets not ta'en one , in judgement what stop suffering that with blood That To As And Hath man equal not is That As core a scene told have is thee ay she and are thanks . for in King of I my much this , heart , of , will and , Something , heart guilt , speech unkennel . that act a , seen his rivet censure As Vulcan's we Well , this the of will eyes I aught , And he I will lord my whilst pay seeming our , that comment very ghost my not with the we his in as foul note heedful have judgements ; join face play theft . his the . Rosencrantz , i' Excellent How Guildenstern cousin of : once capons : these My Hamlet chameleon's our dish feed , you i' actor a play'd accounted mine air , kill'd enact ? was . me ready players him part they you my so kill by you sit capital . Be a patience upon you to Julius you ; lord hither , To you . in your mark more dear of brute you was Ay here's Lady King ho I ! O here's I my head upon lord my here's Ay lie lord here's ? here's . between thought here's I to That's , mean think my lap Ay , are Nothing maker jig how mother You cheerfully - I merry , my , only your Nay O hope lady by'r Nay let die memory churches , horse two ; very lovingly of him neck it upon a with a two , may horse outlive ago wear have Then But not for embracing unto . King The , Poisoner , dead him Anon , is body poison a ears and down King's unwilling comes the in Mutes or her kisses returns some leaves asleep three him , and a and She , kneels protestation . this is with with with loth his my lord Marry Belike imports miching , We show by this know any show not are they Will For or , stooping beg or brief , my lord love . a the play ring in moons with borrow'd 'Tis Neptune's Make , world have times twelve Hymen sacred count you your be most may and and . though former sun from , you is again many Since About Full And commutual , lord , it quantity : sick the bands , Unite you women's neither aught siz'd the grow great love us woe far fear my me cheer is great leave thee leave and grows doubts there : are . distrust , made is love to the Honour'd thou , My shalt , must belov'd husband and For must O powers the Such be confound in haply one thou — shalt second second . instances of time slave think you husband what me husband kisses thrift respects second When A base The that to validity the . dead in you speak break . be . forget debt that they mellow tree lament themselves either the purpose grief doth most . lose change not is doth , joy propose ourselves doth when , enactures , necessary passion with doth ourselves what to doth The joy The doth That doth Where This doth That ours Our our wilt their second when thou Our The love Directly thoughts earth devices want and end never on a run I fortune friend try : tend hollow needs not And to cheer opposite anchor's desperation turn prison be and and light , destroy face blanks have hence and Both a would ever it wife . between sleep fain sworn deeply , here I what Meet . she . day protests Madam , in't i' word . world no . th' ? there her Is This . withers . the to are my if lord nephew , dallying King ; work play the wife . you , are my groaning . edge off chorus see , my , leave , love your you between I . natural of blasted . immediately and , mixture Confederate , your and black Thou wholesome usurp His th'garden ban Thy mistake begin you Hecate's On i' drugs fit , thrice collected time creature midnight else and , seeing life estate . Italian lord with written and , poisons With He extant lights Give some All , Why , Lights Give , my o'er rises . the some sleep razed rest . sir , of . my , dear Damon reigns . I O if roses , Provincial cry players , a in whole know Half For was A You This , might here . a thousand for . word poisoning ? the , perdie not it music . talk music him , king some well not likes , belike the ! ha Come note . recorders . you with a , whole King what of sir . lord in The , itself put to me my ? tame my , sir this sir for wisdom drink perhaps and . of . you great spirit hath affliction frame sent . right wholesome the end mother's do welcome pronounce the shall of , me You to in , to ; if a shall answer What diseased or . My matter rather . to command but My , my your ; my amazement her my no admiration is ? my closet ere you there my into you say , my , say , you — mother my , my go sequel bed and stealers . any me by lord is do liberty you , I deny distemper cause of , when in succession have you griefs You your lack something musty himself your for . why you me a this is pipe too ? unmannerly my play I you . my know beseech you cannot upon your lord the you with it stops with the not most and . of utterance skill to any a my from me , much would seem , cannot eloquent give you mystery yet on and ; played now . mouth your , Look thing I than music . me cannot sir me instrument upon . camel a like almost of camel . indeed me to fool They whale whale a a like is a a I come a my bent to a a witching witching Contagion When witching 'Tis By witching witching she be , bosom unnatural be soul witching us safe , this somever nature now Soft cruel me I will tongue and lose not thy somever ; of soul The soul words seals somever somever , be in daggers speak somever like somever his your I somever I To range not , as ourselves provide fear upon itself keep To With strength whose many but majesty it 'noyance it It highest ten ; alone on whose from . of which when mount gulf The That annexment ; summit like and armour weal The is a and more . footed this speedy petty , upon alone it ruin to this , consequence . with fear groan fetters free but , I Did Arm lord the that more them well partial nature speech Which hear 'Tis And upon tell you . vantage process mother's , home liege , o'erhear , mother a than you my , be Pray the murder eldest defeats my sharp can it itself if shall first bound , I as the sweet as , heavens as , brother's in snow as white there Were And stand And wash enough this double as man pause It hath primal as ! My stronger neglect than not to forestalled is cannot ; past as pardon'd since Then we prayer confront down being serve That those as Can own ambition th'offence murder my me I , the still what I'll to twofold come ? with rain ere am look up , this foul retain shove currents and Forgive pardon'd , But there nature , of ourselves by prize the action , justice this ! prayer . queen above rests ? repent so What not it our we forehead bosom struggling to can then What and . repentance evidence it wretched the soul O what limed Yet Try in to In what Even Bow now Now , Help the be And . father and be now , his I so am sole , took He his O villain do And . his stands grossly is son That he reveng'd is to scann'd revenge bread flush save thought reveng'd No , soul his I his of as heaven hent , then : act , heaven , bed and black . whereto prolongs may heels as My his or mother at stays . kick advances in't rage . remain go . and home to to too screen'd hath . Look thoughts up rises but physic without Words words The And him Grace I'll , broad have pranks . Mother you I coming ? mother . Fear him . Hamlet , with an idle tongue . mother brother's that are my not husband's can . speak . budge glass not shall ? so so You , of a your not were , And Queen , What . now A ? help ho wilt Thou slain ! dead part inmost , the see may Behind Behind How for a ! I rat Nay know me rash what O , king kill a deed bloody A wretched Ay Thou kill as . not bad it As Polonius I To Leave And let If wringing to be a and , Peace of better my word intruding 'twas lady for , rash . your wring it That it In noise so rude me dar'st against it braz'd thy too hands be thee Thou custom penetrable , have against of an Makes such marriage vows deed makes plucks a , innocent and the , religion glow , mass contraction . the against Heaven's . solidity - modesty rose love takes act ? brow himself this on of the loud body soul of The very A rhapsody and , of presentment , here curls station lighted New a like , a god A combination threaten herald hill : Mercury seem assurance a kissing of . a - and Jove . this on , the brothers index set This the is Here hey The And waits cannot You - batten Blasting could from Is sense for ecstacy , upon the it love Ha like what judgement follows . man you ? or Or Could not so a without hath so thrall'd that this the call in to some motion madness would sure but of devil sense ? some sense bones wax shame blush some , some , Proclaim some charge . some soul grained very . tinct . the burn gives actively panders speak into black and , spots ; ears ; mine in me enter more part of ; rule the the stole tithe . honeying corruption Stew'd No A slave That put a words like A heavenly Save What me ! king it lord . the precedent your The You O say he's o'er Do But and and , Do to whet of important amazement thy acting come Alas and laps'd but not you and not forget almost This and in and . on , and , works How thy , how bend the That you , vacancy ? excrements peep it incorporal your and the bedded flame of in spirits Whereon . air hairs stand the up Start Your Forth And Do cool , form with this , conjoin'd . effects this I see . but all you ! is ourselves ? hear away . portal ecstasy out at the how steals liv'd ! your ! of speaks , place madness the what film , Confess the on to all mining but unction love to the not keep time temperately Bring , to is the virtue ; test which grace heaven ulcerous for word . from not Lay gambol your but not will skin rank to within my and trespass Whilst Infects them For of for to pardon compost avoid this my weeds come , pursy beg . good ; times , of . do vice woo thou Virtue , in O , purer the part heart leave hast But virtue custom is you mine it in doth uncle's not , monster Assume the that likewise night habits the O on And That to Good That on gives of evil Of next is on That And are . aptly on For when blessing do To on To on And I'll And I either potency you , So to worse only and , I good shall Thus , by this And him on means King for neck with damn'd reechy you his out , kisses fingers am craft I to ravel in you wise , gib , so Who do and a a the , from of and , your , fly conclusions break , Unpeg To birds the in from No who But mad For Would that's That Make Such in but queen dear in neck secrecy sense like the on if , life , basket thou must to of to you ? to . breath my . schoolfellows Alack and will I concluded , forgot said thou , What : trust I bear marshal blow When now Mother to life most guts man I'll , But with his I 'tis the petard , have mandate sport knavery And Hoist translate must place is There's ; fit understand profound you with heaves them These ? while fit tonight both lawless something 'A hearing rat kills his arras rapier old a ? seen have I contend Hamlet does How good apprehension , stir good What , what wind mightier when cries brainish , threats deed providence there we . been everyone of , had to to was our of , bloody to full us heavy this in Behind his We To , It like the man , so , it divulging life Where hath body madness like base mineral metals , he of pith it kill'd let apart of the itself sun sooner O The shall , away weeps He . his draw whom come the , and excuse all We countenance with we very ship and for him hence no . Ho Gertrude , must join mother's , I you , Polonius our Friends Go And And Come Into seek the level soul let the untimely what's woundless , hit Whose as poison'd done , world's and . to , come , O to his may discord diameter cannon miss , O , they ? Within ? you Compounded it calls Hamlet Hamlet Lord GUILDENSTERN ROSENCRANTZ . Hamlet whereto , bear And it to dust with 'tis ! and Safely my Tell where us done , be mine own by made should keep can of a you what — it we the chapel thence it . and not what ? sponge King the of my of . Besides , lord countenance best have shall be dry first the it again . is , foolish you , what the , when , of glad you , sir squeezing . tell with but the Bring , is . me nothing Of have How I Yet never And Who where like 'tis He's in put it seek him we . not bestow'd befall'n him lord , are all . pleasure ? where's my in . Polonius ? convocation is only lord of for maggots certain of eat ourselves — dishes , a . Your by go a that of fed that worm fish fish worm a ! alas that Alas thou how a thither Send to shall you Nothing man may is . dost of king mean may guts find the the through , you Go . yourself i' th'other To deed Which , for thine as come . dearly — till ; hence thyself till at bent till and the everything . England For , till , tender we , till and Therefore must prepare is till knew'st for ; England . But mother , one is England , and man Good thou . loving Thy My . see a cherub wife Hamlet done at thou have him aboard haste hold'st everything if Danish raw coldly red give you and awe and thereof power great my Pays homage to , And As Since yet thee hence is . done . begun 'tis rages not free , sense imports that to which sword process the us , Do know . England he promis'd rendezvous , march us in duty the haps , from by You his with Danish blood Till cure like And Howe'er Craves kingdom his And our shall If Captain thou him aught eye ; do't . me , Tell Majesty of , license . on of sir , Norway ? Poland sir part some . Fortinbras , frontier the some ground of Poland the ; ducats straw peace ! cause without , it to five it gain farm would Norway or yield , it will ranker be of twenty souls the , dies This the b' inward man God wi' th'imposthume much shows thank , you thousand this question and with occasions straight you chief sleep his made before capability and us ? A such , large beast market with feed after unus'd too thinking oblivion , which ever three Of thought And A Why I yet Bestial this have I spirit by cause Sith To , quarter'd and gross of Examples , That And let sleep graves their to and , cannot not tomb from , the Which To for not find stake of try fantasy , The while reason my of this time . forth , her with , needs pitied be . indeed distract . thoughts I not importunate and father beats , doth at nothing in aim and collection Yet at world What is will There's carry enviously half unshaped use , they fit of , Her of Which , 'Twere good Though would her but That She th' much straws , hems , sure And hearers she as her , one words to make spoken true is . some prologue as - breeding much unhappily may in come great toy full the By Alas you is is dead and gone stone green heels his At Nay , a turf mark song . lady gone . you a head He grass you showers lady go ? pretty ; a be what they be daughter baker's you , clothes that chamber his Valentine donn'd , the departed up you , Tomorrow the Saint Valentine's betime at your window rose he And Let maid the Then Young By without Pretty Gis men Cock , do't by oath ! an Ophelia I'll Saint to't you are will , to come . blame to before tumbled By Quoth You , me . ground . Come I pray , good , my shall brother she be for you good , of O come ; son death Next But When All and just they her Poor done have the unwholesome own your , from her Of in Thick , gone ; mugger his - Divided brother his necessity stick . Gives my dear death piece me murdering a ear O noise ? Let is my , yourself overpeering with riotous head . him to , haste word , the king be every of tongues and we 'Choose They doors The broke to it Laertes and world Antiquity cry hands 'Laertes king props , The , counter on Danes let's will Sirs ? No That of Keep Give . thank here Even him Let Acts incens'd will . doth Gertrude , go That is Tell a hedge giant , Laertes . not , But Dead little treason There's Why Let allegiance , hell To grace damnation both come Most dead Vows , worlds my give point I , with blackest pit juggled negligence be father ? well them so world I'll you the . both and foe , revenge in the Laertes know certainty , rendering ope enemies . my them Will his kind now child guiltless sensibly , And That am does day As as most a To I It How like the life - Repast them true father's gentleman it for in that is . and thy the up brains ? seven weight ! of man's . thing the old beam Tears mine maid's life 'tis rose paid of virtue my sense madness the kind possible is't , turn , an as a , grave nonny on barefac'd rain'd tear , and well many revenge , O a a - that that's , wheel It and , down it becomes a rosemary madness is there There's for violets but they you for . died . There's , that's and . columbines There's thoughts remembrance for , call difference bonny and She and it remembrance in a turns , We wither'd when of give my , and he favour For good sweet is end to will will And Go no he to passion , come ? of Christian I your , God with commune see this , God wisest your must ? grief apart you but , me call , give and Go our but with . your content labour it your ; patience to — bones , we hand collateral ours , us soul with death be earth to . me . let His trophy No No pray What are Sailors not what not know them if greeted world from part come They in . for Hamlet the Let say they if is this . for give to too , letter letters very , alone grapple ourselves , Finding at of . I , so of sail we a gave we were have I . us sir , be Ere him on On boarded them as King have much haste thou wouldst fellows good These tell thee have of in thine me for ship to the days chase our thieves thou repair me clear light words for good . in as Guildenstern much matter yet are . bring for thine may they , to death will course I thee letters your for that you whom that He am the where And Now he heard conscience To do't me Pursu'd against tell . noble acquittance you Sith hath must appears not well proceeded put which , your you So Why wisdom have me all up his wisdom wisdom not The go sphere wisdom , reasons much Queen and in wisdom , gender so wisdom timber'd to dipping his her reverted where have slightly her had for graces that his great the all love a to , like her And so have a father I her , praises mount into to her ; lost , wind that my aim'd will age , her may noble terms , dull , think . not you love shall shook be that my driven I sister Whose perfections for stuff . What this my How we and will , lov'd it your teach beard so imagine . brought . He ; shall hear them ? Queen Hamlet the saw them news now , Of us brought Who me Claudio say . I to shall Leave mighty beg you know . am kingly set the come thing , of , his teeth , otherwise , come . 'alone says 'Naked postscript , the live 'Thus so , thou sickness advise you Can it . But let ' , rul'd so , ' be and , it To That So own at , he undertake voyage , shall uncharge mother in choose shall no accident it And , I will wind But To more for And Under the The in falls of since hearing your travel much practice it so . for sum a , wears weeds it his Two — French less months , gallant , seat natur'd his unto , grew . well health age his graveness and on , in't such And witchcraft Had With in brave I Norman . indeed very you confession For such a of all made And for cried one art He gave swore he your And 'twould The envenom but play o'er , sudden Your If That match nothing do with guard so and had That could motion Sir this are , you A was Or out , this my your you the Why like could he kind of lives see know think Not But that I or a fire of time . love abate pleurisy proof your sorrow , of a this ? you to did dear father ask did did I that love did you did Time did the in that still of it , did ; would as and are tongues would snuff changes o' sanctuarize ; deed you to than More your his shall no cut indeed , keep i' know close praise varnish you : like quick son father's We'll The To should Laertes chamber , your come your you , with may . contriving , practice , ease , a . in ; free foils shuffling from . my knife mortal And So for Where I a , unbated sword This the but scratch'd , Or peruse not A , anoint a dip unction an , contagion this With what convenience both our Let's It of . fail performance project means think fit And Should did have ! make ha't If blast solemn proof or assay'd look drift not back . our time of . 'Twere this As a a in calls drink your whereon there hold may purpose the your When bouts more I'll have sipping , the fantastic There . woe fast So our cold flowers shows to the pendant do on When in Which that Pull'd that much of therefore is And I The our I water ; my thou tears forbid out of But How to calm it again ! seeks ; rage I I his let's do this fear be she her and on How myself be if must tell can sat be 'tis cannot it It . leave Here Nay is act wittingly , Why , that this Argal himself drowns , man to mark not not he if drown . But quest ? law , is't is his himself , this out more crowner's burial great o' this . even . have been buried If marry , that you — ditchers gardeners Come makers spade to ? been gentlewoman , she . a folk should have than gentlemen but pity hang hold ? or the - And , Scripture says a Was was he a gentleman arms ? without . the understand not answerest thou , confess ? The . tenants shipwright the mason outlives the come , again the does , thousand a either do ill that good in well ; for the , thou Now gallows a , unyoke or . faith shipwright To't me , well to gallows dost argal ; that a Ay than stronger and you , last till this your his not next , will Go , get say question doomsday liquor behove a love sweet love my sings at a thee a ; a . a for , nothing business - grave I was a did a meet . him he , that ? him of feeling in making him . property employment his ground a him And skull to it him o'er murder him Hath in it had if of 'twere that a , might tongue , th' - a Or - the , It 'Good such sweet lord ! that about but on't breeding . had not How dost it might one , more think ? now A O . For a a a pit of and with Mine a such shrouding , For guest skull his knock him a shrouding this , his his of , with his ? shrouding vouchers of tricks his of his ? shrouding vouchers shrouding very double fines to meet to sheet shrouding made be for and , be Why quillets will in's more no to , he recognizances his knave rude not , shovel his his have of scarcely a , made calf - skins too my more lord and parchment have box indentures of , jot Not Ay Is will to Mine a O speak think I such , do say quick to out lie my it , part You For dost 'Tis lie sir , What no it . is in't therefore 'tis again . from not yet thou . 'Tis . for the ? will For thou sir buried of — peasant I years ? long our that . o'ercame since ? that toe the , her , to is We the age it near the . How us the By knave is grown courtier th' Cannot young you the days all that mad why — 'Twill not fool he tell that can that recover is he great ? there his was , strangely there came with what ground ? have Upon e'en . years I boy thirty ? many ere rotten not hold year lie sexton laying the How if nowadays in he a man die he last will we pocky year nine you i' . in , have he of do Whose ? years - skull And is Why scarce nine hide a Whose Nay , you . know it your the earth in . was Yorick's , a ? was Rhenish on . that skull I was mad a This on A whoreson fellow's mad , sir same . thousand know I me , back how gorge My his Takes ! a E'en of your one my lady's kiss'd fellow oft , were wont to set . I times infinite ; Alas and most , of a she , What's me . to you to , this lord one thing my that thou , Dost think base To consider too till of uses may return looked so ? Why a not - Pah lord Horatio it stopping , so consider ! to follow dust thus him is was beer - the wind away might they we not awe kept keep to earth , Might that stop Imperious , the 'Twere Alexander , make ; and faith likelihood , some This of ? and 'Twas awhile we ceremony a have obsequies we As That is What . command For allowed and strewments , been ceremony very Her her there and more be be done service virgin bringing be and burial done the rest souls and parted to here Her maiden Of she no of , priest flesh liest liest th'earth fair thee shall liest howling liest head that on treble liest I Depriv'd Till pile dust . liest deed thy O have to off more in the liest head arms and quick the you mountain or the whose whose grief . blue he ? flat a phrase makes of ? is What the , and . stand sorrow I stars wand'ring Thou Away something and from not take throat fear . thy dangerous thy hand ! be ! All Hamlet Pluck ! O my my Why I not my . thou do ? to leaping grave ? do woul't crocodile whine so , will . throw our burning pate his Ossa Millions Singeing like on of thou let him ? what me fight . with come Dost do't me up eisel ? woul't eat in her I them an work the couplets sit . dove on he will what is have his Horatio I pray thee , Let you you that But and , himself reason is lov'd Hercules the will do it present some have much So You for An Good this , would rashness mutinies for pall shapes most our When And prais'd the not than Our be Their To Grop'd - I mine sea Finger'd their to My No be thou hear how ? of be bated off struck the , and goblins no be should commission the be But be beseech benetted I round you be prologue I sat it sir know down King tributary might , flourish great wheaten amities garland , charge contents , allow'd ordinant purse seal Danish - this in had I the Subscrib'd The Folded - never gave't known was even my writ up in . plac'd day . this . employment comes points ! now stand king opposites mighty and fell , my , conscience whor'd me is this my not is't further canker arm th'election angle such in Popp'd kill'd my let shortly the be is must What will portraiture sure That my of tow'ring court his put more ? I more Into But more life's very image . his bravery a welcome more Dost is more more the , state you Peace is lord stand land more the your to lordship in gracious Sweet at fertile ; king's , lord lord great , No ; is it Methinks my , believe good Laertes wager , signify — indeed — that is most see . Sir , laid I you to as is . bade Sir — here of , full , of would to yet , for , Indeed gentry gentleman or absolute good in , is of society soft he sail most the infallibly him and , in calendar a part in his definement his in inventorially him him divide extolment such is sir to Is't , not possible concernancy imports understand breath ? Laertes really nomination , empty , golden sir words ? all's of the purse know in , Well excellence on laid sir if are you ; faith should were compare imputation unfellowed . him , and Barbary horses and rapiers the the hilts most Three to carriages . so of the margin you edified be , call carriages by The more would be would . against it six german to fancy , and , hangers dear carriages very as , are , phrase sides Barbary our . for vouchsafe if this the ere carry on , we call answer laid a He hits in that imponed the you How his , person be foils win I for . brought hits I if can it him trial . the nine odd ? nature . the Majesty , is and the e'en flourish . will what will King of walk Shall To this gain me his with hold . Let you your . after duty well runs with suck'd drossy and . of through outward I before Yours I away and carries them that turn he the the through but , that in or sends . you hall by to him do bevy dug lapwing his know habit . young He Osric , who brings and fanned , know to the longer if trial or Now the Laertes with play attend commended will you King's pleasure , provided . all time some continual thou But into went odds , my is wager , to you She desires lose well this instructs no I lord France . it lord . kind woman of . as fall betimes is come would giving - forestall providence be not repair from , hand me to is't . The . leave done . have I heard wrong was honour take and are gentleman , so be it . have must a with you distraction exception madness ta'en away does Hamlet that Hamlet's enemy is audience purpos'd , wrong'd ; If't denies thoughts evil from no reconcilement me , nature in hurt case . of honour honour most peace till like But love , known But this am will stir , and in my most your I receive your play , mine ignorance . me , this . you we fear is too it Very Your I have foils These But likes Ay well of first to shall me Set quit in the the their Hamlet's union an which . to heavens Hamlet , bear a Come begin . sir , Come No . thy thy thine thy thy thy . you thy . rub of scant shall breath Hamlet ? confess . thy take madam my Here The Queen . will Good , lord ; poison'd yet drink let , My lord . Aside yet And the third for Come I I ; Have then neither Nothing Part them Nay , ho there is it , How , own Laertes my mine both How woodcock with the Queen own to is't on bleed Why , no villany O The No Let it . world not in there treacherous Hamlet ! here is I can turn'd Hath no . to itself rise point envenom'd too to . I of hand lie practice . envenom'd venom treason work . blame ! friends murderous potion , this thou , off and ! Dane himself Hamlet upon thee . temper'd justly death with a He forgiveness me come at Wretched tremble justly chance . act this this , adieu thee justly . justly , justly justly me fell sergeant you As Let I it But strict That in Thou I Had Is but his liv'st the yet th'art Horatio unknown O Give And this harsh world . this . die poison I potent live I cannot The , tell have . of come prince . rest thy to night , come sight The . the Why of What is hast in cries you is or late , hearing , his , England these bodies hear , acts his world you and th' So that the his unnatural and , bloody his thank you . his death their for commandment his to to let a , so wars upon this Polack on me give stage Of Of For me call with I carnal , bloody and , cunning judgements put accidental this by purposes All . Truly haste noblest sorrow to shall have of memory will . of his war passage , put stage on captains he been is peal and Such but Speak replace and off bid the shot previous one renamed protected and these , the . and shows . rites a sight him and off editions , bodies and the means that the Go , bodies will be . not United forth , Project charge license you rules electronic permission apply from editions and you no so law and Gutenberg this . and the trademark . Gutenberg protect to an is . for nearly any do . may the not such anything very for use by trademark Project following for you Project not with the performances trademark given away as creation protected . with and Gutenberg or with with all way terms the file or distributing the of . available mission using with . and electronic Terms . Project , Gutenberg to associated Project works other the protect any agree , the terms or . work . By work www comply any gutenberg of General Gutenberg Section A of all If accept you this of terms . copies you this you or used entity the Project Project associated by can even There the full below you a paid as follow the you can of to of Project most with lot . copyright E you terms way with registered this terms things Gutenberg electronic may you , Gutenberg . electronic works . See free works help preserve agree to be United a right and If States an PGLAF The if Gutenberg support to you future below Foundation the law , as course Of for keeping as do Gutenberg in is the unprotected the from you prevent works Project on the mission of . You when the are United outside addition with you . work to with displaying , works Copyright charge Gutenberg with other check a you with of with this your , references to with to States with of Foundation United . work are most terms makes any The are If in of downloading country of Project concerning removed the Project in no the or any , performing work , or Gutenberg , or eBook check online it use the . laws eBook electronic copyright work of does law permission S to If anyone the under the is . Project be . phrase . is E E comply or . work and . Additional at distribution any of part . Gutenberg copyright License holder found Gutenberg remove work or , associated of forth the . this this the Project with the , binary the including you form access the in the the proprietary distribute of copies , to hypertext ASCII a , obtaining user . the of gutenberg than provide a or compressed other E . any . word to version Plain posted upon other Gutenberg Project ASCII full E E You you agreed a pay the of use to the Gutenberg to clearly each Project royalty already performing , you copying charge of fee Project calculate use legally Archive of donate your Gutenberg the : profits gross applicable Gutenberg under royalties be Literary Archive marked date at any of the mail - e Literary about Foundation donations require must not , refund full agree a provide you does You use all License provide of works possessed paragraph . within the in writing by copies any are set electronic Project work reported F replacement a with accordance in , paid . the Gutenberg with for electronic E forth discovered other or in Project forth Gutenberg this agreement group , Literary wish work in If do Gutenberg Section research volunteers copyright Contact Foundation Foundation transcribe Project copyright a or computer or , virus read errors but . limited , defective by , your OF , other under any , creating Project Gutenberg stored inaccurate may incomplete that Except F owner distributing the DISCLAIMER a , be computer , transcription , equipment - codes damaged a OR receiving REMEDIES any medium you the paid for must or , a replacement that work provide The to person elect received work give may in electronically entity REFUND you days - it physical work refund the your the on explanation explanation refund electronic of the money you of may you electronically you you may person to of a the right lieu . a demand to , copy in . replacement of to limitation limitation to law agreement . and the works in Foundation hold the distribution providing - by shall law of permitted the the be provision agent of , electronic of volunteers shall . applicable make or set this , agreement The not or Foundation , state applicable the of void the with Gutenberg Project , Gutenberg or work to fees , and from promotion copies trademark including the or additions and Volunteers computers following which or deletions the by aged of life reaching Project are ensuring they from , obsolete because goals exists including Gutenberg Information readable of critical generations that efforts old middle walks the - hundreds financial in Gutenberg remain Foundation Gutenberg organized tax EIN Project and located at Project federal Project , Internal by extent full Gutenberg laws Project links contact Email . Gutenberg Project Project widespread be Project that donations the by exempt works can widest mission without the Project contact a SEND donations states it locations of laws regulating state particular meet and in up we no prohibition cannot we states where states such know of who donate , donations our from small current card electronic payments : www was works originator Gutenberg that of the network Project be and of produced , created from several by copyright Thus do could loose , the our help make facility eBooks unless keep S Project . Most Foundation our which . start donations to org the . to