yourself . there Stand Stand You Stand He upon . Stand Stand . sick . 'Tis Get Stand relief And watch meet good night and them them to this you . ho Horatio , rivals of bid Friends hear , farewell Barnardo Holla Horatio Barnardo , my O honest Give place , him , again there tonight . him of him , entreated this of seen apparition minutes the watch if speak to appear 'twill , He dreaded sight approve our hold , seen down . speak star , Tush tush assail story . our against your beating Look , that's same hear , we so are And sit two What it Most not like In sometimes march which the this warlike buried and fair heaven stalks is ? Together By that thee Denmark charge It it ! I ! speak ! fantasy look and ! answer . pale than tremble ! more might the King on . ice angry ; hour watch dead know opinion I . our , cannon land ; week from haste sweaty day whose this with task the of subject the mart divide , that labourer can - night the me us of last King , I so most who and by heraldry seal'd emulate goes ? to Hamlet , pride his those the all , of which by our the of . mettle to some which is no it head , strong And . compulsatory of , our haste the sort it be no and it is it that watch question most ere stood of in Disasters As Did squeak The A A was little Upon As And Was and influence preceding omen still empire moist Roman the in trains with stars and fire the sick even Unto our precurse doomsday behold it Lo and earth like , sound blast ! climatures heaven the to prologue Have hast to thee Speak me any . me or use . to , there do thou speak Extorted , speak speak , say they Or which For speak if it , if speak it partisan ! speak ? cock the have to - at earth hies the spirit made of of crowing 'gainst birth singeth no then spirit no power to the is so all is dawning wholesome are takes have And bird The say The nights spirit young we acquaint upon seen mantle part hath and morn in have my eastward up of yon we , and most conveniently him we I find fitting I morning and dear brother's Attendant , death joy , in dirge with and dropping one with this sister wisest hath with our jointress 'twere and a warlike eye ; woe ourselves . him , gone our worth brother's dear his message , frame lands , law of him : those of all bonds much of Fortinbras have for is Norway To , impotent business uncle bed Cornelius good , Giving with things and your greeting King these let Of and ; In That lose You And and To that cannot of , of , to the thy mouth Laertes France , to to I my lord , What toward again gracious your must duty that coronation duty your ? to , to them your hath thoughts show and leave From To now I my though , to favour whence Yet My And Upon By laboursome bend you him ; time to hard give seal'd petition wrung ? Polonius says ; will , I still . little I But my lord eye thine so it now thy fair hour graces best spend it and the Good let Do not , clouds am too kin , hang all the friend Denmark . lids must . not , thee , river visage moods , black good I with know , be it Nay my inky These the play forc'd of it suits solemn , customary Nor windy suspiration ! 'Tis No the actions That father In lost To do , obligation know filial impious Of In obsequious sorrow condolement most unfortified will , But a understanding we should know a as ; persevere to some and , unmanly mind unschool'd peevish our , fault to heaven , cried today throw of , vulgar to think corse and most vulgar shows we vulgar , vulgar note vulgar vulgar vulgar theme hath still you immediate died us world immediate take love immediate immediate , immediate : Wittenberg immediate . son Wittenberg go best us with not Let I Why , 'tis a in Denmark loving , reply come ; today shall unforc'd and jocund the the Re 'gainst weary fie ; uses resolve the too earthly thunder the this , that self grows to merely Oh all winds and hang him ! a month woman earth to much come unweeded garden ! not this mother , shoes poor Why body reason even uncle my she , father's were old my , yet Frailty ere that — married mine she , those or she all A longer beast Within more , tears little not With God have the to Hercules but ; brother . wants no a month eyes to post tongue . see . ever servant my forget you to , same change I'll But not ear am you from so ? student mother's see , I you prithee teach We'll My do think I I lord Against truster are no Elsinore you deep see my follow'd it to not lord my The tables heaven Horatio in . father see funeral my . was ? that dearest marriage day , Horatio furnish mind's him saw my father — Where methinks my , I lord my Horatio him he all again yesternight my him ? saw I look my not I , was I a my I lord think Saw ? Who King King my the , an your ear nights and . and length stately and oppress'd them point waste and exactly and : surprised thrice with eyes , he they , This fear watch me , father it to once ; did and head as in . 'tis true . me troubles ? beaver ? you there you long . hundred . I , grizzled was watch sable have seen watch silver'd watch watch assume watch it tenable watch loves . 'twixt . duty all . I doubt sit some the then . Though Till . And necessaries sister , is let me you are as . Farewell sleep , alone mind besmirch you not own fear ; choice do must to ; will , his no of greatness The And . service as the he his subject health must voice the And he Whereof the Than voice of ; far may goes act birth his this of and for He she 'scapes the not infants to calumnious buttons and to as my some Youth As I Be wary itself rebels , though lesson good and steep the And O But his path of th'effect ungracious not watchman me Whilst Show way to you comes shame blessing thoughts his act no vulgar tongue hast any And you And A here wind Be But Bear't that Give Of Grapple thou familiar . precepts in thy thy entertainment thy man rank of the buy can reserve ; may ear to hatch'd man's not And of in most a oft dulls loses both the own edge the Neither For express'd each they apparel censure th'opposed , thine But in fancy and a to : all borrowing select France borrower For follow then blessing ; you time humbly do : my I I 'Tis the ? Farewell , Ophelia . memory Ophelia hath something of : lock'd keep you . you so I 'tis , most As you Lord . truth yourself so bethought to of , Of his you my as you . tell caution daughter ! believe such as circumstance like lord it of Have And hath Pooh Unsifted his I'll That Which Do Or , you not , my Marry , to honourable hath , lord My , you may crack not fashion call — it Ay , When With hath Ay And given countenance almost something your not must Lends all of But mere ; tether is young walk Ophelia rate From maiden your parley . plain in , The like that given which you give not I , words so to Breathing not Do Have shall to I to't talk you with the lord ; my . air . Lord ways is an ; season near wont lord ; the ; down out pledge his held . my and draughts the tonight and thus . custom trumpet drum rouse reels ; Rhenish of though his of it Is ? phrase though nations a native am than and indeed at swinish though observance and east born revel breach manner though the though though their in That wherein us achievements our The As oft some for wherein So wherein Since form The wherein the wherein , I , Or habit o'ergrowth their down nature choose wherein complexion of o'erleavens wherein ! evil one Fortune's general be censure undergo corruption , Hamlet grace thy with thou thee such a or call answer but in O death , mean , me ; ignorance . I'll hearsed ! our of should we , the tell cerements That As if it to glimpses up thee you with you ? thoughts With But waves to do my , my , what as it can life the a should I follow fee immortal . flood follow pin's at immortal be fear immortal do ; the the horrible reason . it immortal , I'll still immortal beneath . fathoms into madness draw Which immortal That deprive beetles there toys . to every . out in nerve that him gentlemen body . me him artery come . this further no . him . is almost myself come ! up poor thy lend but what shall to hour When Must sulph'rous , Alas not To I revenge What ? when , am night forbid spheres , blood end their thy lightest on combined hair like And each tale away done day crimes to in I - prison from to porpentine not father ! God O Murder and But foul most , know't foul , as the ; swift murder . as hear , Denmark . Now . Lethe sleeping forged know , sting did thou whole the me stir shouldst thee apt than ; that in I thou this given serpent Is Rankly A Wouldst thou not stung ; a so ear noble of crown my death , vow decline to was ; natural it a on celestial garbage a scent vial , orchard my thy Sleeping . custom my With But Brief To those Though lewdness ! be of hebenon my whose blood courses through pour , ears of doth body mine , vigour gates , it it droppings of in a did man into did about loathsome crust dispatch'd my once it milk So sudden like That The thin And , and And Most life Of O horrible ! thee , horrible nature disappointed my head horrible ! bear royal and incest . soul be not ; unanel'd but imperfections sent pursu'st nor ; aught thorns her the fire be near me . O , up , ghost me , thou this In , saws I'll O And Ay And bear distracted the trivial , forms globe while memory Remember Hold instant Remember . not ! fie table all records memory past by my of copied shall all Within That one At , is , I am . villain baser the with book , Meet and I set damned , lord Lord Heaven My . Within ! it . think . MARCELLUS and But , be heaven , ne'er But an my be lord us , arrant the grave be from i' circumstance more are at hands be right ; point desire , be the . come be in my by a villain There be You Why And needs no part , heartily pray and my own . go lord . poor for and — Such ? We . will friends soldiers you . lord and we not in . you lord my , you you you , you sayst thou so this my stage my ? sworn , my my my upon Cries my my . my . that to my Consent you the swear in , oath this my you have . ground . heard fast so good . sword gentlemen hands your worthy , A How Here day therefore a in things as stranger this mole Swear i' , it more as , Or such thus , As 'Well 'If , speak' or , of of in hereafter never , heaven soe'er hereafter seeing this doubtful out , hereafter to do might' . hereafter , hereafter not to if , hereafter , you hereafter most : 'We or 'There at be and could . gentlemen Hamlet in . you you . pray your and man do , cursed right , me friending go I it set go That this Give Of to . his you , money , at and more question , drift means what my particular some touch you ; and did I well Before him how demands demands part Ay , ' demands , may say he's you ' ; demands please him you so dishonour and , demands 'not well him , demands demands , none , there very ; him rank put of most wild , take liberty lord ? may . To gaming As lord would season no You not he is : seem and But my A may outbreak in savageness flash they The unreclaimed assault Of , Ay of sir of ? to Where did of about I the of At At of of of By , I closes then or At He thus With , of out gaming , we and find this and of of : o'ertook or . of See rouse , not , My And Well Farewell , let , now How , With lord what I my all in of sewing was , upon Ungart'red No with , look knees piteous a with head Lord Alas , hat My And of As Pale My me He And goes wrist Then wrist , wrist with He wrist he last He thrice being And wrist wrist And it rais'd wrist For is the me last his over done That head to bended he doors with the o' without on . natures any given ; but letters me made His hath but did better fear'd But . with . that That sorry am not meant quoted It As lack it discretion known , to which hide hate than go the kept to Guildenstern much did long to use ; nor have Rosencrantz , hasty Welcome being since you Some little him draw time to . it that Since Hamlet's Our That I That neighbour'd so so So And whom show the he to For by command your . feet the . you visit is . bent full at gentle and you Rosencrantz , changed bring Thanks I And beseech Guildenstern Rosencrantz of where and Ay Thou duty God As Both of that be the fruit admittance to to Thyself do He My The first sweet of other marriage sift shall we my what Norway brother our and out him to Polack appear'd suppress of into which the he first , father's good and , 'gainst , in , arrests impotence griev'd whereat ; fee , joy your Majesty with herein to give further the employ pass regards please , to crowns more never those . allowance ; read business down we'll this think well set of might against entreaty an before feast took labour together and of soul , duty expostulate : ended what , well to and Your . day but tediousness be I for to madness flourishes time , else ; to But let But farewell us pity it 'tis say , defective the have and cause the find rather this a have me gather most surmise she thus effect . this by remainder comes remains , defect now no figure , cause Perpend mine , beautified of whilst , mark , 'beautified' hear to ? her be faithful art ; me his you wing you think , think table mute , or dumb sight idle went I , thus I a is ? upon this prince ' young No , out of did and - book , work to round , might tell , me I your told desk queen with thy receive the — a into a Into all madness the 'tis this raves . he by weakness , fast a into into , sadness Fell is Where he the indeed hid . centre we you the Be Mark encounter from a his an arras not to then will We me be And But But be do , board I'll How Well God , me well Do you You , Not I Then lord a , walk sun is blessing to't my daughter Yet gone far very my lord , he you read love . look is He . fishmonger suffered Still conceive on much What words again him Words What I'll . this me How you And Between matter words the the that at . gone , most believe , madness , backward not , sir here their old men my . wit powerfully of to honesty as . yet the Into the o' walk be this Though should ? between madness . grave air my prosperously out A so means I be happiness the lord take life my anything most of , my . lord life tedious old ; there he is go You in friends Good ! Rosencrantz ? Ah ? earth ye both ? the of are we cap Fortune's Happy On my None the her , O Fortune Faith ? but , good my , a are there you thinking 'tis in , one then think so my for To so ; it ambition makes . me narrow count dreams of the it , heroes is I , servants at Elsinore . attended my But for . and We'll matter speak such way like the to you beaten even thanks you friendship man , lord your my am my in . should the sent Come And . for ; Queen have modesties lord by and have sent what rights what what what what what , this of action in why ; I . my disposition all this . me' Lenten and entertainment , way what the ? tribute ; lover service on delights in no when said man , the th' his are , city take wont Do they that that that has there that , no been that tarre to for sin that them that bid O do my Do away father his than more this it in natural . Your Let entertainment , players which I , you must You yours come comply tell . I southerly . That . indeed Mark an is Rome , hadst What pastoral The tragical . Seneca writ and what a treasure it , God more was you thee valanc'd look . see is , face glad am my since will than , I like God French will , ring will us . speech will Come will passionate lord will but my , to't a Come , I it ? acted it not received mine as much — might the indite modesty an , pleased , I top of was to make as the lines that , phrase method One and If Pyrrhus — sable arms , resemble , sons , light , fire dismal and dismal Pyrrhus wrath dismal good and dismal accent sword it antique dismal falls wide match'd dismal his strikes fell , sword flaming Ilium senseless , top , hideous , his to , stick head stood milky th'air Pyrrhus , matter , and storm , still rack the orb stand some thunder below dreadful Pyrrhus' work eterne fall hammers - proof sword . power ; you All her heaven wheel of hill . fiends . or he Prithee . Hecuba ; tale beard queen' barefoot That's a up bisson With her Fortune's this About rheum Where Run Who has turn'd you his the burning them move in has — all see have pronounc'd let of in's . soon hear . eyes time the , their . them ill than , is his desert . in The and is Take dignity and . them is . is of is Gonzago ? is . and a lord you not would I , Ay that Guildenstern Elsinore mock ? Good . to friends and , peasant . Is it what O But in his rogue A Tears With For and , conceit ? And slave this a to conceit I , own wan'd passion ; aspect suiting , visage distraction him ear appal the free ; tears nothing function whole ? for ! do he , Hecuba to he the and general ignorant No unpregnant indeed stage cue , passion , king a , for I a Am dear breaks it blows me Who lie it ? lungs should pigeon oppression bitter take , gives liver'd bawdy ! region brave , villain I this am vengeance all have , make I treacherous like whore son an Remorseless , I , slave's what the revenge of I my Oh ass , a - cursing by ! upon't unpack ! brain sitting I like fall A by the creatures my scullion About That him like miraculous course the something my They With Before tent I'll to uncle Play I'll I'll I'll Abuses is my pleasing devil I'll T'assume he catch I'll . with very shape weakness I'll I'll play's have , yea my of by no such melancholy spirits the of he why so With from do Nor But When Niggard - o'er Madam And raught so assay you as it night I . seem it , of And To beseech'd 'Tis hear all Good my he drive his To heart , And gentlemen shall purpose , my Sweet have we he For If't Will We And That Will wildness your your good bring Hamlet's To , Ophelia walk bestow an you an will Your too . an ourselves We an That loneliness much And 'Tis an not Than an smart harlot's a more O hear I him a : a a a , contumely of a a , time , death make bear , fardels weary whose , after life the us of , all resolution not , now ? of turn you thy in Soft moment remember'd , a day ? many , well well , your remembrances to I longed you I I have long you I . so ; to when poor these the Rich gifts Take with , lord for my ? My you lord things again rich you sweet their the mind did , lost perfume noble ? honest Are ha fair means your lordship should ? honesty translate time gives . but can transform honesty will sooner commerce . your fair , beauty with did , believed did was the more deceived be thou I could accuse did breeder me at them yet did but my , ambitious , mother ; honest Why did ; lord my me have did Indeed better I relish . wouldst borne offences me I beck I or . may that , you sweet plague not for , house , all , heavens ? nowhere fool the but dowry Be . marry needs . marry you say a , but I , given you wantonness hath you . mad ! him . enough jig your amble your and married . To already make hath are keep shall Th'expectancy soldier's of observers of all glass Th'observ'd And I that form bells Blasted That T'have of , sweet with noble the suck'd see That The Now and . O and he like madness his , in down I some spake ? Nor And of demand the the For This Whereon neglected origin do commencement as , tribute different his puts yet Lord Hamlet , him play please with be after now said the you him I in , alone , lord it plac'd , let . all be Your To wisdom send conference queen mother My . tell and The England show To it not fit , entreat him you to as . Nor not . go . think must . so unwatch'd , the the must to torrent very passion who , for it the tear dumb o'erdoing . It , your warrant I . you the of end own - may robustious it periwig split have but the playing to , modesty to action this the up mirror Termagant tutor . to nature very the not own Now laugh her as the both the speak with be , at age anything special that accent nor Nature's pagan some , neither heard that Christian a whole ; judicious and time grieve tardy his make censure the form , highly — not bellowed sir us with be of , your of and question play indifferently that clowns play , pitiful spectators . some villainous it , quantity uses some , this now fool in be too O we altogether to the the considered laugh is set , in down have on that hear . there of presently . work ? Will the you Bid my lord them . GUILDENSTERN lord , flatter withal just lord do advancement hast may think good thee man . poor choice knee pomp tongue pregnant fawning hinges , but ? Why . Dost hear , the thou suffers rewards been ? flatter'd from hope should those man him Something King me will Give Fortune's co blessed that , and for thanks . And equal a pipe slave . play told when prithee I my That To That In It is a damned uncle it , As I I There scene have Vulcan's As stithy . imaginations unkennel itself in his act father's a occulted soul - speech of that as guilt thy comment If that our face join his heedful him Give ghost are both will we mine eyes play Ophelia my , my my , eat ? Hamlet the . air my , my you so not . once i' my lord , Polonius answer , good you enact , Excellent crammed chameleon's dish feed Hamlet ; say My . th'university lord . to players part I was enact did him ; Come was kill'd i' a . the your sit more ? your attractive here's Do , nothing think I . lap lord lord my , Nothing , how my - 'tis hours , then heavens ! hope great then ago devil die two churches may , horse - memory man's - hobby build hobby wear the he lady . with , him it , upon head seeing crown Poisoner Queen my dead three finds , poison dead Mutes the his lord means it this What The accepts argument miching tell by , show ashamed meant . tell you players play the us , Here beg We or you'll show show , You are Phoebus' Tellus' moons and . our cart woman's As hath wash love , ground orbed borrow'd moon late , you know , kind , behind as — thou one ! first . but . love marriage thrift , I instances But Which like violent birth , unripe now Of but , think that Wormwood Aside The second believe what To is should not , For Whether 'tis , fortune with love That question left us or favourite love else with yet 'tis lament . with lose we doth of , with for doth themselves enactures with grief or joy with ; revels joys Where joy most with joy in And The world even aye , you makes hollow and wills That think For our to never doth friend tend his lack a . of and hope , our husband lord nor food it destroy wife pursue food If Both Meet Each food If Sweet she food and tedious The food with grow food food And sworn . 'Tis Sleep day leave now beguile . would us methinks . offence . her this play , too you ? th' : Let not that image the is play , play his o' us touches but what of . are I if , take . my dallying your and good a are interpret Thoughts , faces you and Come apt , else , thrice magic rank ban Confederate Thou mixture Hecate's natural hands estate anon how The , wholesome i' written in gets murderer , the the th'garden , the strucken deer , sleep . weep , play feathers away a go and , Why this fortunes A very now dear , Didst might a You Of Jove O the talk him very . recorders comedy , note Very , not ? Good my belike Come ! ha then vouchsafe lord Sir a The whole , sir , retirement sir King , Ay Is perhaps this me sent . it your breed If of will shall return answer are courtesy and , welcome is not a your mother your Queen , please ; commandment Then she : but shall command Sir . answer a make wonderful She desires at , were you the that to more no thus son to We speak I what liberty Sir , is you lack I your distemper of by advancement deny you one , my , wind but , sir my O the , Ay . me be I you . you cannot . I 'Tis music breath as give command it But eloquent cannot do I . I no govern , I Look your as easy , thumb look , yet be you and , to the My , lord Do By played can than on Queen bless me it music , excellent you me and ? though like 'tis that's . a . the fool me breathes friends of out , I blood drink night the my mother not ever hot . day bosom . let unnatural hypocrites but : be , none use ; safe with never words her firm consent . of majesty draw massy highest ten of ; which , summit but it spokes adjoin'd boist'rous annexment huge the with ruin thousand It . the petty , to put . the small and Attends Each To near on Dies Fix'd whose lesser it consequence but you I King the you , we Which We will haste us his convey she'll warrant arras , more vantage said him , liege . know smells ; cursed first business man double this hand , brother's if than defeats as strong intent , bound I guilt , a stronger A hath offence my Though is primal murder ! can as to pause thicker not ? we to form I'll Then down forestalled rain as the prayer pardon'd my serve fault That is being But Forgive I did which own this fall , O ; my the this above itself justice prize not wicked of retain and my ? But shuffling out the and , nature to In Buys crown In Offence's in , there then is And give Yet To Even what it ! O wretched soul state repentance , that Help ; heaven scann'd that revenge villain not , May of as knows as , bread ; his soul , No then of save ? reveng'd heaven send . hent thought , below . go with to to too Look thy . up heat And hath silence him me screen'd you with home been Grace , broad pranks He him that straight and . I'll the . matter ? offended , what's . tongue ? mother . you can . so your ? now matter the What's you the Have , not not glass me ! help ? a shall you you , dead ! slain am for ? help Thou do thou Dead Behind O , know , Nay I me a kill bloody not what the King his brother . you sit fortune , farewell thy . so I down . forehead blister there fair a vows tongue thy it braz'd of hypocrite sets noise In have I an blush me ? act and and and That roars and picture the front of on act and act presentment was , counterfeit here Yea thought - solidity this tristful and of rhapsody A and Where every give did world husband , like mildew'd eyes Have mountain wholesome your the Look assurance - set to like form this on threaten , A Jove ? eyes ear , feed your , blind so was hoodman , shame part eyes difference . some ecstacy to sense you , apoplex'd waits day such from this could Else reason gives Proclaim bones sans - choice in thus To When Thou sense or without Ears the . mutine canst thou be shame no fire own No more , turn'st And of a villain ; tithe grained of not I there In A your cutpurse empire of , of , live to of , sweat Nay of his kings of shreds of That not the twentieth part the is that slave the Alas me pocket and the lord precedent A in time and son the gracious the shelf put the tardy . and the sits , wings your with o'er you That to her , mother blunted to mad he's , not laps'd The with fighting eye you ! forget to look in peep . purpose almost thy it do the the distemper . patience ! Look how Forth On action preaching pale look , your bend with Your Start ; tears for convert upon stones , excrements . flame His Would ? you , to , conjoin'd cause stern want have Then , father his look see blood at he it ? I is all Nor Why your ! you he Is yours Bring me which madness coinage . makes I gambol coinage test madness coinage not ! doth It utter'd . coinage to ; coinage healthful And Would not That Lay I coinage That not rank spread . skin but , curb and woo for leave me the to for re from And It Repent that flattering madness , doth it other part with go monster is who to the in to my virtue beg pardon O can change the stamp nature , heart my away worser throw O a With And blessing throw good bles'd , lord a For to more , hath heaven a To I I'll punish ; beg repent but you curb a wondrous a bestow him and will night be a ; of of will I One , be again so it , this with I Pinch And paddling neck pair call , do well . and essentially all this matter you . remains good the by What , and the sense bat , him , kisses his am 'Twere a I from mad if own from the top secrecy let , from from , to said , from from : so , fly thou bear the as know neck your break . fang'd , breathe to . hast the one , have the work that must I , below 't sweep schoolfellows . I And , life most neighbour must adders will to 'tis But For I them one his with Hoist When these sighs profound heaves . Indeed a them grave most and , secret , lord a little while . you with end an toward night the ? I ? These In when ! 'tis Where ! what , us man kills a does sea the And us , be . wind . hearing cries O shall young understand But restrain'd to we old , keep life much and providence . very madness some kill'd gone to us be short the To O'er Shows pure . He metals , divulging haunt answer'd whose , owner no divulging for , most was so . man mad divulging We Even divulging hence shall come body of it To divulging some deed divulging ore . aid further Guildenstern touch this mountains away sun ship will we you Ho — excuse all our sooner But Both both countenance must , go mother's , closet hath speak his Go from Into the , And And Transports ! Safely Within . ROSENCRANTZ shot the , done cannon the o'er whisper Whose is Who What What you the dead they . Hamlet ? kin O ? Hamlet to of mine to whereto , your what to , king we to Do to keep sir like what countenance lord ? to he ? to . it believe not Take . lord . mouthed , a , not ; But an you dry , in am must body is and go King's the in : swallowed them such officers do have speech my , needs sponge . knavish to us with but in their judgement but eyes ! my me Bring . I Who pause away seem even , fox Hide . all law goes to are grown , is , put 'tis This where like But Deliberate sending . so To th'offender's , him where guarded , Bring him , lord is ? befall'n lord my bestow'd from , Without where's . lord before Ho , lean beggar is variable the end service but fat us , is ? supper certain A only we where Your eaten . emperor for diet — fat convocation two of dishes maggots of that by a this the and eat guts him you stairs into there not through progress Polonius But as him . is your go up the — come Hamlet ; with seal'd him hence and hold'st you at thee make haste done aboard ; tonight sword Danish yet my to sovereign By death hectic the conjuring , power my us cure haps , Craves Tell If Over my softly will Go are sir powers Norway , sir whose of you . Fortinbras , Norway , sir ? to main of them purpos'd Who Poland frontier . Pole . farm name fee defend . it it should to , I Norway sold not ; is , wi' you , my Will't you you all with us ? A Sure that sleep with gave feed good go , Go What his be not , wisdom scruple whether us know , more no . means do me exhort to , strength thing's , unsure event prince charge , great stain'd I puff'd , and Rightly danger , be , then dare mother How quarrel . a stir eggshell that Makes spirit , what to for all To . not at the stake , while . to find an father of kill'd twenty thousand . and trick fight continent , time cause plot , straw . see . stand my , I a for cannot forth shame blood and cannot fantasy , my of fame cannot death graves like of , try from or O tomb the , cannot cannot and , this cannot her speak distract . pitied . be with would she hems speaks straws of world th' i' enviously carry The botch speaks but the her she make words to unshaped . fit use , half , collection one , spoken sure think were Let Dangerous Though And , To 'Twere good full beauteous jealousy sin's prologue of soul seems itself artless It Where At his At He his but you his Pray mark as the Ophelia stone mark you pray , Nay ? you Say and a Nay , green . a turf , sweet grave - Larded look . shroud bewept With How all to , you Which with ; go Lord at baker's ? pretty may be not my , the daughter . God , table your . dild but do true this morning To let's ; Valentine donn'd chamber that maid the say , not know you your . father her upon Conceit Saint in All up And Then he And Let By men oath and , Indeed rose and his , by to wed sun Charity make out more and , You Young Alack Cock are tumbled to So would thou will all without an , me done ha' if . counsel good him must she bed . ground your , night ; well you close ladies And give . not come by my hath cannot , night coach shall you pray Come brother my good night But My , I ; good sweet good deep Gertrude , watch O he in not done all pictures and which mugger death Polonius' good Thick Divided Without For Last Her his your the All battalions son First come himself infect his , whispers people muddied . inter have , ear death my matter keeps in and hugger - herself her of necessity is containing or , this places this is superfluous dear , arraign many . piece murdering With ocean more my , flats the What , The . list lord them guard , to head , were Save were . riotous rabble now king on this , were And They O doors are false trail false the be props were in a were world offices forgot were Caps The were 'Laertes . without you all door . door king vile door thou door — person king our it fear not — door to doth Tell what , a hedge but will . little door thou That There's go thy Let is Of here blood of that's calm unsmirched between father my the true peep . giant , cause me my - him But him Let Dead . be the ! his Vows ? him demand fill not , to I'll How hell dare allegiance grace damnation both That I come the what Most shall , means my , in them husband I'll go his friends the his blood you now . my ope his rendering my for father's his . his , his arms pelican death to them good sensibly does to What ! noise Tears of . virtue to madness , kind is't maid to to Nature Should heavens , turn to Dear our By Burn heaven now sister How sister sends fine It some After in mortal sister And sister on non They sister sister a down It is It thou Hadst thy could , and you the false steward - tear a many revenge persuade didst not This there for rosemary There's . fennel a may We . when wither'd She turns not is , dead hell father died . They ? poll . he as white again . prettiness , favour not he come away his . itself come to was his to - as is is His He No , Go God we souls , And me right . grief . gone , cast pray moan I Christian , all you of by touch'd will collateral if , we judge commune you , will . ours kingdom , to you soul us not our and your patience , call bones — ostentation o'er burial . to question heaven his . hatchment nor heard , nor , you 'twere fall with me have . for ? letters . of Lord sir sir name you . too thee bless you , Let him for your appointment a instant put we have King the Let as ear the of matter make as knew . very of pirate of warlike the they the thee . to much tell These will Rosencrantz give the And you That my noble for a . Pursu'd heard he have Sith As Now by your You you to for two were , mainly , perhaps reasons , your life tell , sphere , him , affection to his Queen much mother — which , The , The life not her the general I his that graces timber'd slightly like to not but count in other bear wood faults for ; so that my , terms back the will But may , stuff that for are perfections . made we think That I And her Stood worth And Whose your challenger into father must to you , news ourself — with come , again not more ? danger shall shortly You , What ; that him Of , lord Majesty This to , us hear Leave you They Sailors From shall thereunto your occasions receiv'd naked come . such ? I ? and hand you Know Or What Reads shall , beg your you leave more mean this is Hamlet's postscript here lord in him heart my But , it It I my sickness . you Can diest tell ' thou come ' teeth , his . so 'Thus lost and character 'alone . ' he be it If in To how will . voyage it now shall not but will now . return'd he his So No To And As o'errule my lord If , Ay death which peace undertake exploit the his . wind he , I that he means , breathe , choose my for from Your of talk'd that Did As not one , in and that my regard less becomes months Two , graveness his and light settled , well serv'd age health was Here and for in , livery sables part very a in't witchcraft And I've What that cap youth , it gentleman his he doing As the of So brave With Importing myself they And had short he such can been That Come . in I shapes and tricks , did . the of well life my was't He For He And know He him I gem He He He He could had envenom art If envenom If you envenom sudden Your That He envenom envenom envenom , And But that ask you not did see , in you spark or goodness nothing of kind And without face A There As there are that qualifies very the of proof , do changes : sigh many , would hands and abatements we That hurts then show should bounds throat you son cut this do have indeed More yourself hath when would ; for this as delays are is But . this tongues by To his on , and . on you shall Revenge The Will And To place you Most put return'd set free He come your good your you so , a do't I'll purpose that him from bring praise , chamber home shall know are ; will of a ease choose sword rare have simples but . my from , slightly him gall the that a save . I death is So Requite Or with , your , father mortal that Collected I for bought Under This With fit what convenience If that , it And the but contagion Where draws have We'll that in or solemn wager you motion a make did 'Twere And A purpose may the calls he chalice by Our If bouts When make As If And Should I that sweet , follow tread Your doth they woe , sister's Queen hold aslant his shows There ! a did in hoary cold liberal do our That How . Drown'd a One flowers - crow Of leaves give hang in And on give But give There down give mermaid As like element the Pull'd give wretch heavy it and tunes . them give weeds herself spread , be not But , she . drink melodious , lay Ophelia But these her are yet holds blaze . my her water our say Let I fire folly this Let's douts , out of follow to I . Adieu it would , it start ; do . nature it ; tears . lord , custom will will speech that be this ; rage give follow buried , is therefore in salvation had Therefore let's to calm again , and she seeks wilfully it make she , an be 'tis drowned and her delver goodman stands the — Here to . water the is , man me drown mark hear , good him drown him , herself but the good , good if that marry shortens , he life ? good law . come is not drown good it . Christian not this good gentlewoman to good , a that is themselves good . drown the If buried . to is they hold gentleman that he had none ever ? the arms without ? I'll Scripture understand not — thou put . but gentlemen ancient no he grave : makers Was a ? the to , to But dost , gallows the frame carpenter than dig he dost , argal , mason the either to builds well than shipwright unyoke or me . tenants can mason thee that , come may gallows . the tell The Cudgel I that cannot now tell , Go of , very I fetch houses a . next 'a will mend his he behove at easiness sings , get , daintier . employment the To e'en O this fellow no made ; hath it hand of once , might it which sing would if it that my lord . jawbone could 'twere pate the as , could which one , be meant it How . first knave ? not this that did . a God circumvent - a , sweet might knocked had to breeding on't ache the , an , chapless cost spade Did loggets For at to with ' courtier a of , see't such of shrouding a and pickaxe There's trick O another , quiddits sexton's with Hum This does recoveries dirty now may and shovel his this spade , that Why not statutes recoveries have no more and purchases fine his fines , great tell a knave will rude and indentures of fine his have fellow a pate , fine box buyer of Will his of his vouchers than , too dirt and his full in a box more ones conveyances box box box of , assurance grave's . Whose out in that . I . box ? skins - made . for , lie , therefore meet be a is thou 'tis sir not and quick 't What man will thou , away ; indeed not lie , 'Tis quick You lie to my part dost woman , sir her she's me . none For peasant have or One How . days the near in't by the , thou the King very our sent into and was that into mad England there ? day How kibe . wits , that he — Every year , came Fortinbras is he that tell . he if England or there his say How the men . mad , boy thirty rot and . they with losing his wits . what ? strangely Faith I years . will last in he man sexton ? here year scarce not long . Denmark in before laying with more so Why eight body great , mad it . hath than the that water . Here's hide is skull three while his a , and - this water tann'd ; is Whose was it . know A same sir was ! rogue fellow's fellow a me not back a gorge is his . This poor most Here Where were ; times rises , excellent how those fancy him my lips ? grinning Make , laugh her tell , flashes how at jest infinite see borne Let your imagination on know ? get Horatio my Horatio , to . oft . hung to gibes and mock must come me of tell looked so . this i' trace imagination a stopping bung not , till may return consider find it consider to , faith the of But jot to lead into returneth as . loam the . that 'Twere Alexander - with earth the hole stop of a follow thus ; barrel he dust , died thither Alexander , world clay might ; modesty of . follow Trains winter's comes flaw in . not we enough they is away aside aside the , aside . Mark aside . betoken c aside ? aside doth This ? rites follow . awhile ? ceremony else . youth enlarg'd doubtful , prayers her lodg'd the For ground is she here Her , trumpet pebbles and She Till Shards flints the maiden , Yet virgin be there last strewments in that Her And obsequies have command should May sing to her fair and , sister howling such service the peace tell fair priest . unpolluted th'earth and requiem profane sage parted i' shall my , souls . thy strew'd , have my Hamlet's , woe treble thou hop'd thought And once in sense mine quick more a head , arms the the and skyish on treble O Till o'ertop Now of such Bears Conjures the What an Hamlet with Grappling wonder wand'ring the stars whose ? hearers . This , grief he emphasis whose prithee though am fingers ! them Pluck Yet Hamlet fear in me not pray'st thy not devil him have I . will fight this theme wag will eyelids O son Good lord . Gentlemen Ophelia ; All I Make , Laertes thou her love theme , for God , throw God thou'lt ! crocodile God him , to her so I ? grave God , thou'lt thou burning our ground , God thou woul't woul't ? tear God an , mountains her a like of if Singeing Millions the patient silence the Hear reason that is ? day . drooping work on are couplets her lov'd But But His But . But he have upon your be . But son ; see But . him But ; Till hour grave shall have watch the our , last to shortly shall a quiet of then set patience Strengthen You this in patience An would than That , be mutinies heart lord I kind lay us ends that of me let the my ! us teach , them pall serves , sometime the in divinity rashness let my There's prais'd royal grand their Finger'd fears room gown to own out sorts , to too command found reasons England's and bugs goblins my , not on ! forgetting , fine had me dark from find - scarf'd packet My ; where I exact , grinding of , an of in . and , Horatio and struck such My Is't ? at did and my , villanies . and axe and off should thou But and the wilt Being and prologue , and wrote it that hold a as , make the commission play a Devis'd I to did Or thus you me thou wrote I ; earnest An It forget baseness once They peace between should a such That many the palm 'as'es 'tween good my of yeoman's was England As view stand - her faithful garland flourish , wear King from still conjuration his like As , Why allow'd charge less death ? like know further more sudden , these or . seal'd How the shriving on my writ known , go and . to't . safely other heaven purse ordinant form that signet father's the Which . Now of of in gave't : sea my conscience the when near not Does 'Tis the their love to what th'impression next day was this plac'd employment . pass own Rosencrantz know'st dangerous mighty opposites fell stand king , points and this insinuation is me . their to make did they , are by They it not Why what and not And ? out with let quit with Popp'd that He Thrown for further of the known issue be And In It And That am man's What this short be The portraiture But , the For ? did grief . his by to I'll passion who lordship , right comes a Dost back here . No , sure state , at land is the king's at possession lord of beasts as should . I Majesty from you were the spirit 'tis his ; diligence of for to a vice chough Put . northerly your . me use lordship 'tis cold my cold 'tis the wind hot . impart to right indifferent to — that you he cannot laid tell matter has — 'twere . the in soft ; showing of is mine believe , the him in find you excellent court great , good come feelingly definement suffers continent would to no to shall , Sir yaw such extolment neither him his I mirror is take him as rareness in else The , divide , and Is't not Why do of of article great make would lordship dearth trace Your ? imports already to possible purse empty is I , you it ? are sir know His What , all's are would , You I not sir ; of if not ignorant dare sir not ignorant well What's six horses him on . excellence ; by . the two hangers dear are , The hath That's imponed , to , in which of of the carriages liberal very you , faith their , as weapons Three the against rapiers But , it more I The would he has The sides Barbary King liberal , I be to till then . But by the are the german six this . shall hath is : would against sir that's answer that if of ? How day lord time will , Why conceited all imponed dozen hath if vouchsafe your laid if , trial his for the ? hits the gentleman . him odd and you e'en your so be will . yours your my , duty for's will my deliver flourish I shame I ; sir Shall this commend with of did the winnowed that time do them he carries to blow tune the runs I and My which but of bevy comply opinions his of collection Majesty Now hall them . hold The to some gentle use you me The Queen will Queen instructs wager , this win do practice : he the foolery . odds my about but but ; hither If mind your think shall . at here all's we man has if ; Since now . If whit it Come hand come say a woman . fit , and There's you , be a , 'tis not leaves it to and . sir you , pardon But your , from himself Hamlet he's I What and as , your me Roughly That How I here not generous that His Hamlet when wrong'd I awake nature Never was madness . it be so away ta'en , be madness is audience a arrow . evil honour of terms my this name ungor'd not love that of most , o'er my And be And I keep your And my foil , one foils know Osric fiery , sir ? a another length hit second upon lord have foils my of the give all the These stoups first or the their four Hamlet's me the Give . which have cup union kettle the , to successive kings without shall ' a . Hamlet to heavens than the Richer shall in answer the King And And let Denmark's cannons to The 'Now And you drinks the the judges to trumpet , Come heavens to earth , begin eye is thine this Hamlet thy the him cup set what hit I win touch , of napkin to take my and scant fortune not do , Good madam poison'd lord ; madam me yet , thy hit I'll , think't almost 'tis . a you third , pass afeard Hamlet Look on Nay to sides is't to the see to them ! am . thou do hour thee art slain ; LORDS , Treason ! hurt damned but , justly a free of it Wretched at this audience as time , but arrest ; antique Roman . Heaven shall , hold from me awhile thy story my breath ? is this come noise draw what wounded a by in thy . from of Horatio crows from England lights news The the solicited noble cracks And Now What flights a tell On have the this our So Where is it havoc bloodily so aught This What ears Had He from the Polack to about , purposes casual forc'd upshot Truly us Let And I me on accidental put in noblest rights of haste and unnatural All . me kingdom audience in doth to this can , captains and plots minds errors wild be voice also have shall But while Even this same are lest on draw will , perform'd presently like Updated bearing , Exeunt from editions the off , renamed protected U copy be off field the the Take Becomes Creating that works no editions means the so States Special this Gutenberg and be trademark Project copies of may license rules apply Project if you charge Gutenberg to works , permission and in forth to . used electronic of the this You may easy U may United eBooks of derivative do United of , especially eBook United , in ANYTHING . S . United Gutenberg be modified . works work other you agree United electronic Gutenberg using way or promoting United Project of online the the work free or Project Gutenberg Full Gutenberg , understand abide your property agree to a person E or to a not cease a works in you be from works you . There . work may only . people you Project you with See agreement can do of you terms to this a you Gutenberg . the below access . of Project of individual of in the the Foundation Archive you domain of by United States unprotected in you are prevent right of an Gutenberg PGLAF work of displaying that all to creating States . works claim access to compliance references If States United Project free works with in Project electronic name associated the of with the this freely removed are . Project Gutenberg easily also located Gutenberg others keeping full If addition are Copyright without of laws The the it work . Project by of terms agreement charge with for countries the laws where you you The of any Foundation . copyright than other before this country works in , attached of place work License terms displaying outside to status United to Project work to . States references of copy any following work copying based on the in most United States makes , which , is anywhere no of use Project full Project Project or links active any the License Gutenberg Gutenberg , is viewed associated a access you sentence Gutenberg or appears copied and re - or to copyright located . org with or away included you . it where you protected it Project You parts is phrase which the at Gutenberg give . License cost this eBook use no under online work have will using you If are it copied . Project If notice the of United individual States gutenberg , Gutenberg check is not to . charges with S posted . and is to the . E on appearing the If Gutenberg or or of access use of fees by can any anyone Project must Project . or . work E holder . found Additional . all work or beginning the by paragraphs . Gutenberg E , Gutenberg paragraphs in copyright Project the work , you . holder copyright this containing full remove files perform or of copyright the work both with the . of other , copy sentence set forth this of this work you in the associated , immediate access any terms . posted any or with detach , full terms . any provide the in However distribute . proprietary License and of ASCII , official or the form up distribute or active convert , or . Project Gutenberg in , original . viewing . alternate the additional Project of you License as . must on . word . marked hypertext Vanilla other nonproprietary exporting website copy , of in , a charge distributing paragraph Gutenberg Do . copy request form copying or charge for Any fee reasonable you The trademark applicable of that : Project or calculate fee may . E Vanilla Project comply You to distributing but the paragraph this the of Archive the use you You . royalty to Project of provided Gutenberg your , Project address the at which . on Royalty periodic prepare of Foundation Literary , payments Gutenberg Information clearly Archive under date as and prepare specified Gutenberg who receipt a Foundation to refund e - such terms mail Literary writing does should be full by Archive sent that Gutenberg or return to user of within paid money the days possessed access paragraph . to in and in , copies License in or works all require any the other copies Project days within . F replacement copy . reported to a receipt of charge Project with . You accordance distribution other terms works the a than permission works of a this wish in Literary agreement this in Project Project from you Gutenberg work all group of in manager the Foundation . must Contact you Archive below the Foundation . on volunteers Gutenberg such Gutenberg works Project , U . by do . S trademark copyright and they copyright research efforts law , virus transcription medium , Defects . as and collection which . these on not defective damaged Except the owner your computer equipment or OF DAMAGES be Archive and described , work , cannot . infringement computer Refund Foundation a read this , under , costs for damages Literary Gutenberg data trademark THAT HAVE other any NO AGREE it receiving REFUND OR RIGHT OF liability YOU money if days REPLACEMENT any the work that replacement lieu the person , received you the a this receive of work the to work medium within physical received choose a a problem 'AS to right , electronically you in may to the also further for this work F . with defective is the elect . to refund - of to may the fix do limitation or states the agreement damages F disclaimer any of the or replacement set allow state applicable of provisions indemnify and agreement remaining agent INDEMNITY unenforceability permitted shall the interpreted provision state limitation exclusion to the , not this the law . maximum employee volunteers the and that harmless production Project to or Gutenberg of make to this forth this Foundation , hold works the costs from any of distribution and work , Gutenberg distribution liability of with Project Project of of , is about Project b Gutenberg of Mission free indirectly directly occur or to this any , distribution widest and It . with , In . Project of new . and donations readable variety or readable life aged volunteers to Gutenberg to come generations your readable . Gutenberg freely need are that Foundation for was provide walks of readable in critical reaching volunteers will the Project Gutenberg readable help . see . readable laws is a the tax organized Foundation's EIN exempt status federal identification Archive profit org Literary Project future Watchung links and Plaza laws state's to the , org Foundation's Information official number Archive The Service to , to survive out licensed works mission widespread . the full your at www USA tax The state - are Contributions business , S the that widest donations exempt by be without website to to to can to to laws meet and takes of United regulating to maintaining tax small and the keep up locations we prohibition of from . compliance of donors treatment . web are laws pages for number accepted credit a cannot states no state where . small staff the that produced Project works , be of electronic card of could he works org printed we network and by Thus do in search the particular any with which has edition eBooks of website at make : includes www . produce to Project the Project . is as often notice confirmed are , new eBooks Gutenberg to