Stand Stand there Stand Long me Stand relief Stand I Have now Stand come You For Well , If . ho Friends them to ground this Stand , And Give soldier O honest , has Give . you have That approve if the sight I our Tush , 'twill of . us and apparition of . awhile tush again watch to With us That us yond made t'illume that's of , sit westward from pole . seen . this , Barnardo we . where Look thee his star now The Peace In Where Had all that Marcellus — and . King with . dead Horatio , wonder . thee Together of usurp'st which march ? with thou would Question sometimes that majesty heaven stalks away charge I of and form that See , it speak ! Stay this gone , In speak is , and ! Horatio my Before Is What Without mine when in Norway combated ; had : avouch . the to th'ambitious the Of Is thou very an the . Polacks armour once , before twice Thus not Such frown'd he In sit strange the in But , some of to , that opinion my work . know not . I our , state our knows the implements Sunday , of task ? the haste he watch cannon , war of from sweaty me : Hamlet him pride esteem'd world our emulate us , lands had all by known which most appear'd to last of Our , King , a so goes know on ; in compact his cov'nant , Norway a who , to ; of as article competent carriage . the , King inheritance been he fell Of a doth , is strong , preparations . of And and up mettle the ; vanquisher Shark'd For to compulsatory well of skirts those foresaid I the , take so . there , hand no enterprise other our , watch state lands watch . figure : watch . streets sheeted of palmy watch is and graves A As watch I post - haste and rummage e'en portentous like , star watch moist the and Julius fell stands ; of and empire with Disasters preceding of , together countrymen our heaven to . again illusion ! Speak and where , voice , fates . it . me , be done , to fate avoid ! foreknowing . country's life thy , in death , me may oft , in Or For If may partisan , stand here , majestical vain as the ! being , show ! so invulnerable cock the , the blows a like our For And is it when I wrong crew . throat heard thing , herein . the cock , sounding air , morn the his or , hies , strike to , the planets , comes season night abroad gracious do power hath witch nor the object crowing that say Wherein The And To This of say , No fairy hallow'd , o'er takes then This Unto impart us Break Walks But So nights , So have look heard dew watch ; upon , seen my him ? it , tonight , to with our have , advice . yet , our of be in green hearts , Laertes Cornelius The To bear Though , Voltemand , discretion sorrow , sister , death brother's , of wisest with with hath now with our mirth In Taken Your affair along have our gone , defeated state dirge and freely thanks worth , queen him with far so state with hath With To Thus the the , brother , Norway Now Importing by our and out advantage , law much So father his our Colleagued much for most valiant of meeting of time this , and for of uncle ourself Of impotent gait further , good of this you than allow old , duty Norway scope dispatch made , suppress hears Voltemand here we subject it : further greeting : that all levies personal more your . and full and his Out You For Giving Cornelius bearers to let CORNELIUS and You And now us . my more is not voice told things with Of the dilated haste articles and doubt That The head some , VOLTEMAND and your all cannot more ? father , thou whence , lose What of thou Dane is't the beg , Laertes , What reason offer native my wouldst What Than You And The is From shall I you hath He my you thy , thine go ! son time Laertes spend and will leave ? Polonius last to sun give his laboursome I cousin hour fair Take , now Aside my Thou best graces , my cast thy , less kind you ? on hang too clouds still i' lids must die colour off on friend the in eternity common thee know with inky , it ? I ; so through Passing Seek Do eye for common madam Why 'Tis not Nor suspiration of forc'd , breath . particular seems . it is If Ay it alone the can I the trappings that actions me forms the with have the in to , of show ; eye the the might play grief . For That , fruitful river , black solemn suits customary , moods haviour woe a . obstinate . obsequious filial must these commendable and which passeth . heaven a is unmanly to ; persevere to for But his obligation mourning your suits your his term the lost , sweet know his will give unfortified sorrow , your his , condolement , stubbornness some and mind incorrect 'Tis course his grief his and vulgar , fathers reason against ? Fie , a to must in opposition , hath , heaven , impatient fault sense unschool'd and know dead , whose fault common , love For in you remain to your son throne world nature most unprevailing no toward school you , the beseech nobility less dearest which And You As From the be his Wittenberg father and cousin go our son . eye , Wittenberg Hamlet . you to madam . obey fair ; us all my loving health in best . her mother stay a gentle as Why Sits But No jocund 'tis chiefest accord not prayers lose Let I in my smiling - Re Be This shall ourself a Madam ; heart come reply , grace drinks clouds the to and to cannon that Or self resolve itself too and that , all O and this an unweeded and rank this come O unprofitable would earthly His Fie grows it merely seed things , so loving was of earth him : to ! heaven winds nay - 'gainst How Hyperion That to two Must Visit O A which , God longer tears all ! that ere Frailty of roughly ; face her too ? increase ; she With Niobe have brother ; beast — married with poor more like mine of father's , yet on't , body a unrighteous eyes , most Within no of in wicked most Hercules , she , within is — old woman ! were shoes those followed father's . sheets my . to . good to incestuous to . to ! to , speed to tongue to to you friend And Sir your The And I am But , in faith . Good even , make you , lord my poor very change my servant good , from Wittenberg , Horatio ? it , you make is I would A truant hear your disposition To shall truster you my do affair my - to what to see to came do it lord not was , I teach But We'll Would I furnish Horatio ! the dearest that forth met had father Where eye , Horatio . tables funeral hard upon heaven father . all goodly my had , day . a saw ? him for . again in In him my I My The Upon the gentlemen I till , ear This you to witness my my Marcellus and Two the encounter'd and my father my for your an my In together had hear . my . marvel let waste . exactly , by speak Stand By their stately God's Goes Almost dumb In dreadful truncheon's as thing I deliver'd him of and good time , they eyes distill'd , to , me , solemn with them them slow and length with did watch fear kept made knew third impart they your was But , Did the it more in watch This . word night . they secrecy father head , speak upon My But to Itself lifted it But And It at none even answer it , up like My none none And none I do we indeed but none . of down it . me none our troubles none duty . his constantly I would fix'd Most much had like Very And upon you have BARNARDO longer Longer His A . hundred , no it noble though it it bid And Perchance it , hap So your understanding an twelve ye well person will I have If it requite the Our Give Your I speak me to hell this ; rise come well will , not deeds farewell 'twixt as : my all sit spirit , loves father's some foul soul arms honour to to your still then Till , And earth play are let doubt ? from , sister convoy But fashion trifling Do A in a toy in nature his you do you and of , minute not sweet youth and it Hold Hamlet not No so . of suppliance No perfume Think it primy that blood The more no does grow waxes , a , own persons is you this the as not ; fear : alone you soul , doth loves mind and besmirch ; his whole be yielding Then ; if and . wisdom voice particular is no ; place act ; your honour goes may his Denmark to far deed ; too with lose your or To main loss of so choice do ; circumscrib'd this choice of he and withal believe he weigh what voice ear heart his , the shot , you , in it the If unmaster'd my dear affection enough your , credent chaste songs , your keep And Than sustain treasure prodigal maid is beauty the of . spring fear youth moon to fear it rear you And to Show As And primrose a steep Do itself then Contagious wary th'effect like recks not path puff'd fear his of rede me O Whilst I stay some of best , Be rebels , ungracious shall is a Aboard . But blessing here . dalliance reckless , my good thorny the ? in . the sits precepts in Give thy character And Nor , A for double smiles double a The are thou each dull any thou friends them But Of you Laertes stay'd And wind palm beware reserve , but quarrel hast unto to Grapple man express'd the , th'opposed - do But not every Bear't they For thy the in most select fancy but steel Beware , in thee thy not : comrade unfledg'd may as censure thine man chief friend man . and of the ; true self . thee any own itself a both lord to Ophelia you go and tend my , be night well . have my to false invites my shall yourself , you I Farewell The ; What Farewell , told private , time And it of your be What please 'Tis So As between behoves caution and me to girl ? Give Give I Give ; perilous like green . call lord you tenders a . Give made many up truth them phrase Give pay , tender a poor dearly ; Give fool love more you me as a fashion , for true . in think wind you'll , thus not have , know , That , it teach I Running Or Which to . me yourself baby I'll Marry My to vows : soul speech his countenance to blood tongue more Even in You Be promise than as fire extinct a entreatments burns call lord presence maiden . that may , he few ; walk brokers of I blazes your For he , Ophelia in this , higher Lord show , all leisure this , forth is pious bawds the time ways Hamlet young they In . a not Breathing in unholy suits come ; charge you talk or with moment : and is nipping to't words slander so you it is it air . think hour , No Indeed heard held this the it , he The Keeps And - wassail drains wake his his Rhenish . am is native here , and other east than though , to And As for By breaking habit down by Or The form Since all To his own Look and , thou Be Be Bring with I That King To Wherein cast dead op'd , thus thee That burst Hath Have Why me their thy canoniz'd saw thee cerements up again Making night So thoughts is you it waves It Wherefore It , With Wherefore hideous horridly beyond this reaches of What should Wherefore Wherefore it lord Wherefore will means . it . Wherefore ground courteous with , No ; no action removed to you It do for Being soul And a Why I my if Without more That draw Which What the o'er might And hears into very beetles you thing me forth immortal as flood of toys into on Go waves many The you there dreadful base the toward Or And assume to beneath my . go not thee fathoms You off Hold rul'd hardy . this . nerve gentlemen ghost of . Unhand follow on a make I'll , Still As My And fate the me in Nemean lion's with of will state will in direct ? come thus him obey I me . go no . him sulph'rous myself come will will , flames tormenting will will . hearing . thy lend what I will when to . hear bound , will will poor , but shall unfold . hear of I am that What serious am a for harrow thy two I purg'd secrets thy Make So art thou to revenge for , fast unfold combined porpentine ; be , father and didst blood blazon dear — O ; and ! God of And ; ears To foul most ; this flesh thou eternal . thy Murder , know't Haste Wouldst me But not out me a ; abus'd The did process ; thou to or that , That that serpent by O my 'Tis serpent Is that witchcraft With , his Mine wit , uncle prophetic of whole know sting Now wicked wit of seduce my in her to I Ay O a But mine Upon Though To O Hamlet , it me That From though itself , sate in a celestial morning vow the to never shape . orchard the scent on radiant Sleeping bed were gifts a as decline mov'd poor of angel I it virtue marriage ; heaven ; stole afternoon uncle in a pour , link'd garbage within a methinks custom secure of the always prey vial , air of the blood whose ears hebenon hour . my distilment my of cursed bark'd So droppings vigour blood body . hand , with head my ; sin , with , with with , horrible my most with it sent on ! act . with not incest be lodge thy this of damned and pursu'st let be to her her mother that her sting worm - those and prick Against To all And shall host adieu Adieu Ay , to shows ? poor , In wipe All saws I'll thy the Within with O ! past live ! set my of , fond Remember memory Remember not instant records all copied all commandment and , of And O My villain matter . alone forms book this most villain it , and smile I heaven , secure Hamlet . That At So . Heaven , adieu so ; lord Within , Illo . Within Hillo , How lord ! it , ho So ho O wonderful ! noble my , lord by . it reveal lord my . lord once think . heaven it , you How heart man you'll of MARCELLUS , heaven a dwelling tell ; all the — part and right . lord my an by , Ay There's he's , knave , Why I'll you , wild they and offend I'm faith but it is offence words , pray . part , there , is Touching Yes no your you an is And For O'ermaster't And scholars one , request now , poor soldiers tell too ghost Patrick but this between , honest friends known Nay swear't . seen . friends not , and . tonight have you what My faith In I my lord . the in thou ? stage . seen sword that to ubique Hic to A And Come hither your speak Beneath by Swear Swear more said day pioner Than therefore in , before never soe'er myself you and this heaven your a Once but of are are dreamt disposition seeing me on antic odd perchance To As as That 'Well we you As encumber'd at put I arms With 'If , what love poor Beneath Swear , to in go is , together . cursed , set O lips your to go . Reynaldo , spite That this my lord notes , Reynaldo , sir you make , him friends his mark more lord well my in thus him' 'I do know , And him , part But be Take you Ay . Reynaldo , 'not ; so very may and ' , he's , of you father put so and ; do know his this , take and on well ? slips him marry ; him , fencing my , gaming As drinking . would You Faith , must meaning he may that My no you may swearing far . so season another Ay Quarrelling A the the the the And believe it the is a drift son warrant i' , Mark sir my lord this the . th' , little sullies good know the , you According , good my phrase ; breathe seen ' of a converse in you or sir 'Good does Very And then say I the and consequence' you or , He He then or , By Or There with him , he him enter out falling then Videlicet bait was falsehood we forth at and 'I , reach of assays this takes of , son , my With saw brothel do My thus my . well yourself . Observe him my Well inclination my , you wi' b' , My Hamlet , of in stockings , his , as , upon lord No , as As speak horrors for Mad , took Then thy goes And thy What thy not know thy lord thy thy And thy out find head done That over way went last me the King . me , without without his I fordoes itself love , will property as any violent . Whose , And As leads had And not I am To This hate being utter close to the kept and Rosencrantz , than known that have long you use it , put , you days death , of entreat up companies , him . our remedy unknown lies , gentlemen And To whom To he more us expend As to of with us Your For the visitation remembrance king's awhile , men there it our profit time Good show the your fits your so and much two hath he adheres are you living full feet service Thanks To , And much bring these gentlemen you instantly Rosencrantz Guildenstern gentle him our our and helpful and , Heavens son beseech . and changed and my , return'd and news and and . King good soul my liege father the ? lord Have Both my my Thou Are Th'ambassadors still I I hold And of shall do Thyself grace them the to fruit admittance that and th'ambassadors great that queen son's that distemper main the but no o'erhasty , desires suppress appear'd . sent the him brother griev'd found into preparation first return Norway . to impotence obeys arrests out in , old Norway with joy in crowns he , fair of he which out truly whereat , Polack annual more , commission levied So of arms , th'assay Makes To Receives Fortinbras from Norway before ; rebuke three an his him entreaty herein against overcome And Gives it With might you further shown please . labour welcome you thank to Go at business liege day , since to waste the tediousness should madam , but is will I it nothing This and majesty What Were day My What brief and and wit , flourishes is true noble Your ; brevity is ? madness son define nothing for limbs And Mad farewell Mad say out the , find rather this us let is , I I at use will I for 'tis true : 'tis all . no with less art mad pity But That That have and phrase Hath it her me my , Who soul's . Now gather defective in a — daughter given this ill , Good stay Hamlet are the stars from the thou I will , liar love these truth Doubt madam Came Doubt doubt never But Doubt best machine not art to ; me is believe , daughter my , given to most O , hath by All , dear love , Ophelia But , numbers be . by hath receiv'd means show'd ? you time and solicitings lady But What a man faithful and might you the , wing must what me queen or desk daughter it so As fain had I I prove my look'd play'd Majesty , you you , work : star her . I of bespeak to mute with I And precepts , think tell young a , took mistress thus love this upon heart a my given If my told dear your , my ? should the a then thence , lock herself of to make — a a into for , wail this , into short — now this raves know so positively ''Tis . 'tis very be likely he ? fain think you I'd that it Hath I That been such a there , centre try indeed ? though me circumstances How Where truth this I . fall'n . to lobby the does loose I'll he Be At We a no me know a Mark the So assistant and encounter . behind my time farm reason he daughter . If be not I board does Away it ? God presently look where I'll Honest , lord I , would know you . Excellent be to my , goes my so lord fishmonger as sir Then you maggots very true lord of For Still a a ? dog thousand her if sun conceive was , a my He far . he Yet ; for is . blessing not but , fishmonger on is read . read , that matter What speak truly . not at first ; I'll . Words him , matter . words lord , words ? is the my grey amber have thick most thus a you . in't yet backward go believe Slanders with most yet , walk be old should this out o' grave , there am . which I I All yourself potently you Aside sanity suddenly meeting often happiness so contrive honourable humbly between I How madness of him I . part more . lord , will my except life , hits most Lord God save . sir take anything my Polonius to go You Fare , old To you well my Guildenstern most dear lord lord My How the that in On Nor , very . her true ? we . Let question hands . me grown a strumpet is honest more dungeons and , good . nothing dream quality that outstretch'd and and shadow court reason and shadow's and a ambition light . for But . Elsinore . you I other halfpenny Is poor my friendship sort ROSENCRANTZ . I not man lord , no most you dreadfully make ? And is you . craft our of could better a the the rights proposer whether of sent were obligation ? my me you , youth more direct for an my Queen heavily with , that custom , forgone this sterile prevent for lost goes seems , fretted so you all so My the you secrecy tell will your but of late and , wherefore and form of paragon an What no a in like this . faculties firmament , in in Man animals , man is me with how than ; no to you apprehension moving angel the , quintessence world of players the He of shall think , you welcome did my Why welcome lord , if they welcome from receive , make gratis the sigh welcome lady shall wont for't say welcome those profit welcome they chances delight . city Their by comes , was better so they they not rusty but out pace Do wonted , quills the endeavour their and of , are rapiers are they most afterwards means should no ? Who and so These 'em they better — to themselves grow if quality no do and went while a for ; maintains longer make there to bid sin , there has been boys the Is't much to cuffs brains of carry argument , not make , in out than more it players Your is are extent lest welcome are fashion to There while my for his of are but Gentlemen fairly welcome mad . north north west - with see and Well you , Guildenstern there second the time for for . players you was . honour are actors The Buzz When news to , you tell have lord my . each came Then lord buzz . or , the ! hadst thou pastoral a , treasure of Israel , historical , nor These had he no , on Still Jephthah ? more my old ' well . daughter I Am , lord you then pious my abridgement I ! Thy am What heaven Masters like you I well thee to God ring , of . your , to face ? Pray falconers . comes . in chopine nearer glad is passionate . speech lord , Come French within cracked like . a be e'en speech once play , me What the . lady O to't , But was I as the cried such , was , much as others million if acted , the mine pleased received it modesty excellent indite as that method , sallets down set fine in thereabout and slaughter Priam's of Dido . me live let it in of with , ominous sable Pyrrhus it One speech it as an total heraldry this he impasted tyrannous murders vile thus and a their That eyes Old and grandsire carbuncles Roasted , and and and , lord and Striking to too Rebellious his . where antique and strikes ; sword head crash stick to a flaming hideous , his painted nothing milky blow Ilium fell match'd lies , and blow command in wind . whiff father feel this falls blow ear , with his blow with th'air , blow matter blow . fall hammers - so him for Pyrrhus' Priam take as Break bowl And , Out out , less never did general In Now down down As round synod Fortune you ; down ? queen' jig is to down down A down 'Mobled and up diadem . queen' down , in and , barefoot Where fear venom , that o'erteemed tongue treason have in upon of did malicious . a flames , of things mincing About late A With her seen blanket had themselves Pyrrhus them burning husband's her clamour of mortal In Who if , have you for well colour bestowed abstracts you report better the well in the not the while use according ill their than bad his after to their desert them and honour your man thee not you well have speak out death I better them . Use every . Take ? Murder , is your will sirs lord . you hear , Ay friend you I Can ? We'll after merit hear . Come , Dost thou Follow tomorrow not set need my would play You . sixteen lines would ? insert my would I'll you . Elsinore would would . Rosencrantz Is what would Ay would night You so O in force his soul , monstrous and this . peasant . are friends , leave am passion wan'd visage to so Could his and ? alone . am Now I , nothing suiting function all ; Hecuba with for Hecuba tears Hecuba , a for not , No . of - dear most life Hecuba Hecuba ? Hecuba face a , my , free rascal . and , ignorant the , Confound The faculties A , Like can Upon me my the , treacherous slave's should make am to by me Tweaks , As With this offal - should vengeance This , bawdy the and , Who the does breaks , it cannot ? throat lack lungs liver'd bitter Bloody , I lecherous gall ere ! all have my the an I have Been Have That , scullion a like , guilty fall Must murder For mine something most Before uncle struck by creatures very to have tongue malefactions soul of , blench power , hath he of . scene the sitting I'll father have devil that his looks my I'll , yea quick . Play I T'assume he Abuses As Out I'll With , it the shape and King I'll the catch Wherein relative is of a be tent miraculous I'll , perhaps I'll you I'll I'll More does puts on this circumstance ? by be cause he feels turbulent all his days of quiet of him find aloof you Most Of bring crafty on state a he Nor would Did we gentleman , pastime , court the these we your ; me much 'Tis and . him a have order him Of . in I , of there hear This beseech'd To And hear see and hear my most true inclin'd edge . delights , judge frankly And We so , father he as We , my we have Gertrude Her of Affront 'twere For That Will for your And your I That be gather may their him th'affliction . I wish your . way wonted honours again no suffers thus shall beauties you for behav'd . obey : to so I the cause , virtues hope your so shall both his it may I wish . such of show ourselves you here . We do devil himself Aside lash my hear is to my burden , withdraw ! too doth heavy deed not smart How speech that more Let's most . To The heart flesh to wish'd heir , and end them by a To , to dream to die ay death . off shuffled have The Whether and ache opposing nobler take and perchance that The The When The oppressor's bodkin ? Who under weary life death , would might country sweat quietus these after , respect the long proud of of bare himself of dispriz'd , office and scorns , of puzzles us dread returns rather others does the great , my ! name Be The to undiscover'd the fly conscience And o'er sins Nymph action of regard And Is enterprises Ophelia How Good a ? them - of , thank for this , remember'd . many lord ; well . remembrances long longed honour your does well I givers so sweet . aught you not them the honour'd My I have , to gave you never you of ; My lord honest my for poor again when you you if Could Ay what , What be your , fair to ? the I This for , his the to is it into lord should admit no discourse from beauty . sooner transform than , will of paradox love made , of be . of me such sinners a could me I ? I our . things to act so believe loved it so I not , us ? of borne had with such all . believe fellows Where's , my honest . ambitious , house him should imagination I thou Let O in's that . nowhere thy Go I have earth to but and thy between father dowry escape needs make you not wilt fool . Farewell own , as pure as . powers your paintings of make heavenly know nunnery heard and lisp to I'll O wise , too God's the ; no yourselves marriages , have , and shall mind are and well you , go . You your you one hath amble I mad me hath . on't . is , o'erthrown , and all , wretched , down tune his deject quite fair tongue the the of noble , fashion and all of rose and and , see I see way seen do he not O'er do I His Will be some danger which down it shall with neglected speed what , still our shall expel : thus , to prevent the in form tribute objects quick beating puts his different , to hatch and determination , please , round the him grief of yet his him ear the , confine him unwatch'd alone all let conference , hold all it heard Sprung need But The neglected us , now How what lord it . grief . If . go him in with you as do fit entreat him play be or shall so trippingly had very air the players it you , torrent give may thus town tongue as to do of pated whirlwind all lines it , I such as , it . I Nor , it as , passion acquire saw in , Termagant . it o'erdoing inexplicable whipped nothing ears a as ; use , but . as , are to you pray you as , and . as the , to o'erstep word the action ; of , purpose to , to was from - have robustious rags to very . the I out form , scorn as , 'twere image this players cannot nature age speak the gait the tutor . special anything for and be that , which laugh , the whose to your the not though , o'erweigh play Christian profanely that heard of make is and the her playing unskilful Christians , there . and and with humanity made strutted , highly so , the ; grieve off judicious a seen whole theatre others — nor of have had abominably accent will . I that made sir your be let them of make ? work pitiful be to that laugh then . make the two you Queen this my too ROSENCRANTZ and , sweet What , haste lord them ? man service my lord hope ? fawning hear knee tongue distinguish herself that equal thanks that mingled those - fawning fawning hast suffers are rewards , not fawning To Whose seal'd in well For please are fawning Fortune's and finger fawning ? blessed And so Fortune's co man him , fawning been nothing , buffets . play comment thy father's , thee the If of foot , seen ; one that as ; a death circumstance heedful to our both rivet him imaginations a Do prithee have with It , Which I One I told of not itself we foul face theft be must pay play lord I this . judgements his , Ophelia idle Polonius Guildenstern the ? place Queen , his will And after . King . A Rosencrantz to aught will . eat once not . air , i' . are feed : dish Hamlet our : nor my lord , lord capons so the good . Capitol Brutus the . there a th' ready him part Come , King No my Lady To mother hither O ho ! do lord I . metal mark lap . lie in the , head lord ? fair my lord a That's Ay merry . lie lord . nothing think I What thought , lord . man should ? lord died do father my a have I'll not , my ? two within's Then ? yet shall , suffer year wear outlive ; be forgot is lovingly else life or is 'For for suit half . He he and a for takes O O him and a the dead or the finds dead away in , But he whose epitaph ! protestation him The , three Mutes and and carried him comes , Anon embracing down poison King , The his takes her exits to Queen What means this is this mallecho this , Marry by this shall show any not tell are , to show him what Here We Is this , clemency : you what . it . our naught you ashamed to naught , the posy orbed twelve Hymen did been , Phoebus' with , have dozen wash Tellus' and times and moons round ground hands of be sun in the sacred and love late . I holds , and and you you women's neither fear Yet your former , must quantity extremity made though distrust know , doubts fear , it love aught , hath this , littlest the siz'd in their , powers , Now as must shalt Honour'd , love In wed must Are When second respects The . who treason my breast . love the be memory sticks on validity what is debt , mellow unripe necessary fruit pay But Most The great Whether 'tis even For And man down advanc'd friends fortune a his where do him a shall , a for left yet else his never hollow doth hitherto in not And Sport Nor But Our That wills and their , thou ours our thoughts thy thoughts me To earth Each If once . sworn dull tedious day , leave fain with and sleep . would awhile us she'll word , like mischance thy brain twain this her in't ? th' i' offence play This name : his is o' Baptista Let us not what wife image a : my nephew , of ? I keen . are , Lucianus a Gonzago how wince we and in done murder see , shall This is majesty could I , and your lord you . off time , damnable thy . revenge . midnight no drugs and dire ban , husbands you keen groaning It Still to and fit creature weeds , seeing raven murderer doth croaking the apt of agreeing infected property , blasted . choice frighted false the ? fire . light , lights . some let some So Would this , sir , runs , Lights Why For must Give me turn and thou dismantled Damon share I roses of two with a was now and , a dost , very pajock . Didst pound . lord ? reigns a perceive talk I Come , comedy the . him music very Very well the did likes some . it , belike not the poisoning of some the then Why Come , Sir The , a lord , him more to discourse choler , frame , affair pronounce affliction of , sent me so not plunge and hath your be breed the . my right will shall . welcome please ; a no thus : shall answer My What . command . admiration a this hath admiration so of closet her with . you mother's Have you and no sequel , as is say , amazement ! go did by and with times , cause do stealers . me love deny upon Good shall to ten if pickers griefs the . friend surely any you trade you , of distemper to the . your musty do a into toil you upon the love is me proverb King the I . something you My , too if you withdraw , too this , Believe . the do lord . my would bold I 'Tis give lying breath eloquent thumb as easy no I I these But how , me do of , my and the finger the not of , my sound there cannot pipe is to it ? me a you music it me to my look now would you yet compass with your mouth these of . I ! I sir speak with and , you of in that's cloud fret can you and music . Call you , By the you Do My weasel . indeed , friends me time Now witching very this world to And churchyards now I 'Tis to , soul me heart easily of day : unnatural let not . hot , night . itself breathes I as now could hell business Soft bitter thy enter soul daggers be on . and this my consent . madness it Therefore . stands be she somever seals them your not I Hazard so of England he terms estate as along hourly lunacies . may with dispatch , with you , prepare safe forthwith safe is provide And commission doth his us those . grow not it . much cease wheel highest ten whose on it ; and life is mind bound of but , things , lesser consequence but . sigh you pray ruin annexment small Attends the huge I Each Are For To not What's free GUILDENSTERN us . footed . Never a upon tax it a was process them more , The hear lord the meet go well wisely I'll convey she'll you I'll And upon what lord . partial you . ere vantage nature as speech Behind . arras going he's the you that call And of you know o'erhear ; not , heaven tell It offence Though brother's My my hath stronger And I And , where my I bound begin cursed brother's the ? Pray business blood sweet this Then O Forgive since look fall , of foul the world , of retain currents and , th'offence this pardon'd corrupted hand shove seen the by , queen force offence form up to I'll am did may prize so lies possess'd murder me , prayer what But . be past for be one out In My cannot mine ; which 'tis there then What when we ? can one ! state May ; babe . well What our rests ? of born with be . of ; All I . might my is sole do and , villain to for not as May salary as save send . praying is goes he That pat , knows , this , O took all But our audit his how He so do reveng'd father blown so , do't I now I I'll his And blown he is and asleep about his in thou bed in't blown or or No . heaven : blown then of course passage horrid heaven flush of , blown bread reveng'd blown soul his who . the season'd of for drunk , sword ; As And trip him his that no , him ; some salvation relish pleasure ; his my days advances without ; never prolongs heels may whereto soul may ; that hell physic King My Words ; Tell And him , to , heaven too I'll straight Look screen'd silence round . Grace your his come hath have will pranks you Pray Much He him that and I Hamlet me him my thy , Now Mother , what's answer you offended much idle with . an , the You , how What's Have , I'll , come and it then And , No Queen the by rood , would Come What . Behind wilt How What , A Behind O know I as and his . brother this Is it King ? the is good mother bad Almost thy , for penetrable of wring thee . find'st , rash better is I you . danger fortune — shall , word intruding fool Take down . sense ? tongue rose off an virtue , that the modesty wag love , a vows , so . there blister as the hypocrite fair a body , words soul I What have thought , sick , at compound mass doom ? index in against Heaven's , the on the . glow doth , makes sweet thunders , hill indeed form - herald front , on combination seal follows you of his ear kissing a a heaven a , and of was A Where See An This Could on your the lighted To give was Here Blasting cannot on Look you like , mountain seem every god And apoplex'd upon not thus without without But serve To Eyes That a . of without - was't shame hell , is smelling . quantity some , eyes Rebellious ! feeling but hands Nor And flaming O or Or melt the Since canst What all hoodman sight sans true where a sense matron's as charge burn grained . virtue blush in let compulsive frost speak Stew'd there And speak speak speak These As see into my speak their love spots and will Nay , of and an leave speak not In words No A murderer sweet and more rank in O speak the part ; of in the precious o'er and more it A A Save king heavenly me your , with . to go command dread ! your visitation . whet almost and your come not you Is but Do , acting in tardy of thy and forget to O The to important say This purpose works . between her amazement on look That you How with at your do Speak weakest in is , And Your patience Look cause on him His Would Lest My form them stern . what perchance ? you do whom To Will , and make On ! Do there his nothing I ; colour you see Nothing all did you father even look but , you Nor Look look out goes in now keep to which test not time . portal temperately - flattering , and skin will music rank your Mother but the , music , heaven to music ranker them spread do make unseen , avoid , corruption Confess music mining my for . music soul ; unction what music but . compost these pursy times music , yourself film me do good . and or Refrain kind fair this all is use abstinence not not That next change is put not a sense , But the Good shall stamp not desirous the can not to pleas'd , not him good be Once devil , the next a frock tonight easiness night him begins , worse . to only So and and their this heaven lady good good night . do : so secrecy do would , let , house's ape , gib know , sense the and on basket fly like the in own if , have me breathe , breath life to to of you so adders concluded forgot : and , to with But I his 'tis own the delve moon one crafts me directly the have two 'Tis . had I sport them blow sir Who Mother I'll most was to , Come translate You what , on ; have a your 'tis There's in matter good cries man . both lawless stir , does , lord How and mightier , hearing 'A Gertrude his the deed had apprehension brainish O you To be will Should It young how this , understand We liberty yourself is , laid to bloody to ! heavy with full shall the it pith To , He of weeps mineral very of owner the on But from Go And Both ship him hence must Hamlet seek , them , we'll may cannon shot woundless soul My is hit full And And Whose level his . let calls ? O , come they ? it whereto lord have us Do What And 'tis where it the chapel take . not son not , lord not his , service gleaned ; not he , his not end rewards . is not but a lord my speech the the but King . ape : swallowed squeezing last lord Of . nothing Hide . fox the to . the with where us tell with A me have must I He's lov'd in But How sent Yet 'tis This never not the where so , To him desperate offence sending bear . appliance By Deliberate th'offender's find dangerous to the but multitude on the ! goes law is : eyes , seem your in he from lord him ? At Your us but and is worm A only fat . supper certain ourselves , supper for for convocation supper eat of supper . eat supper ! the . one the with supper Not politic fat fat and e'en are lean fat dost hath man fish show heaven but Send place to some within month i' , Which we do shall . But safety hence help send there thee ; bent . is , Ay Hamlet . For is So England For , them . and father , Hamlet , mother and . for England , him Come mother loving that sees Thy so and speed you hold'st give not thy and Pray . have I'll . him Delay And England my leans everything may raw imports that it Do . Hamlet . joys Danish me by hectic , Our The Over We And his the that duty the march , us . eye so would our know ; Majesty ? you . Poland pray ? are powers , Against How nephew them of main with , Pole the but , should be ground . it twenty , the Polack of already question this and garrison'd . without peace wealth much breaks , ducats thousand to it Norway will thank sir , you wi' go you b' God man dies This That inward debate and humbly cause sir . lord ? and no I th'imposthume feed discourse Go my Will't good with such large , his is , know one reason godlike unus'd us before that Why thought A And spur my and made chief dull Looking in oblivion , army and such mass charge me and means , event invisible ambition dare danger unsure be , great How , reason kill'd Excitements And have fortune what is quarrel to and argument straw , while forth , plot worth time while while see , while while while . her nothing this continent . while O be thoughts To Spurns would have be needs will importunate not indeed mood Which That Yet hearers winks nothing were sure ill with breeding strew thought she , them it speech hems ; speaks . sense straws , The as the one Though botch words and nods they it of aim unhappily yield may great spilt . amiss guilt come , much be . minds . sin's is , is itself How So How From I his spills It in the is By Say you Alas lady , sandal . shoon hat your , turf green stone gone , you snow did all look , Alas Larded Which With ! lord ; the what , God you , have of say maid your , day , window Saint the To we say not I Then And morning Valentine's let's means no words , an Gis By without Indeed and Alack do't make , to't Charity they she By , will , they before me wed tumbled for to , bed my by blame been patient ; Come choose I . night good night good counsel . thus come come yonder . be , ladies good give Follow her will well good ladies And think be How thou . i' son come father's the her in your ; remove just own his , is close O , to night it . I ; When But and Polonius' - from are her fair . France these all as is as we herself mugger In Of poison , sorrows All For Thick good Divided the and to ; unwholesome Next brother And , hugger wonder , containing inter . beasts judgement or pictures of his beggar'd , many , of speeches nothing ear a Like what is them ? in list , guard . arraign ? noise , The Eats Save yourself the young your Than And , Laertes flats What him , begin lord , clouds ! cry Danish counter on shall They O'erbears the with word to riotous impetuous head . the , false are , is O No , let's will , leave me . without stand . will good . in come I thy calm the my Calmly me door . proclaims brands the Laertes him Why such , little Let art But Let dead . his he ? Vows to not to the this negligence , fill , I to , devil . with pit stand ! be ? I juggled ; husband Laertes Good ; They I That ; for my ; you . your . to your Winner you will and his you , thus ; life my speak gentleman . judgement 'pear , death arms ope I'll - rendering pelican . weight salt times mine rose of . seven noise What dry out heavens sense brains be paid eye , life fine of man's . maid's O virtue . sweet young loves the a bore nonny barefac'd grave well , nonny Fare After sends on his him is many master's O — ' . a that matter for remembrance daughter This ! down It pansies A It a wheel becomes it - than remembrance Sundays O must would And stole , thoughts that's . in with We for fennel There's , a may call columbines ; rosemary is document you difference all good There's herb . fitted you I for ; here's you say and some , bed dead ? again - come is snow gone . soul . grief , God ye . commune must me I see with . wisest collateral that . be his so due apart not kingdom call , to all patience your labour jointly lend satisfaction to it nor 'twere you is you I Cry where let let speak let the go th'offence they let say they would They let what not be Let let from . have of the for me ? Hamlet . too thee him as and't Horatio from sir , th'ambassador sea in the our valour . ship at King , the , alone I But much haste as make will the ear . the for speak to me of thieves days means to 'Horatio old like clear some two chase , and Finding of for repair words thou in bore thine them way to light I of way Come , And way And way way way must heard which It safety crimeful way me hath your a heart my acquittance knowing friend father , much , nature in , up else slain with and well Pursu'd these stirr'd things mother unsinew'd , The but and were , and Why to my , life myself , seem , affection count the great star by plague my not . turneth Convert That Too Is could , like slightly A Stood her worth , if mount revenge and not will again my their in faults his gyves so my And Break . on driven sister your made . father ? will shortly to , Who lord What teach hear dull so stuff of sleeps for it , were From my given They now news say . saw them they lord kingdom Reads . shall first shall mighty , leave Of him that hear the such hand , all Are you shall I your rest . kingly of naked know Laertes 'High I Leave you , your is 'Tis he ? ' 'Naked recount more some And am warms ? ' 'alone him come heart let advise the character Know it What a lost That If should how It in As 'Thus diest so by . will be If in and that work but not ripe , he me otherwise ' — peace a to I my uncharge accident his , to own . exploit which No voyage me fall , now shall I , it death for My That It I rather the right since much for travel quality parts . it rul'd practice device ; breathe . the a . that is part Of together not they that in . him ? in , light weeds becomes it lord less that cap that the no , since youth . of gentleman and very What the . such Than and on in't forgery shapes far So That And Importing Yet Here health was settled age been incorps'd and his , demi grew of short . topp'd he my gallant this but , what was't and , brooch the . confession of well I him of your the a in most of report , you all . indeed , If Did oppos'd had envenom Sir out them , is guard . 'twould sight indeed eye , but his and — beg lord of painting you ? nation their nor report envy his scrimers wish play sorrow , him this out sudden Your Now coming out , father not and very the within lives think , wick that see ask qualifies There that I But Or love begun this And And you your by in Time there And . to is would is goodness his And hurts Hamlet this then easing own 'should' But hands are like and abatements words . yourself back : as this for ; much like a at to That pleurisy , do , a the ? should son in throat i' . his cut Will A with a on generous Will not your the him will but blood moon but can simples no unction for , from free and little and a of cataplasm rare in . your a pass mountebank it , my . anoint do't . sword my , hold might , death from virtue have him slightly means Therefore , assay'd . this performance should bad , hot end , see . to solemn in or time and project fail him and , I'll me , dry that whereon , violent stuck have , sipping but upon sister's tread . they a flowers That There follow How now Your , brook , her and trophies Her , brook . one time When our crow As , liberal There his willow the she and long them , grosser fantastic give boughs weeping like chaunted But . a she Or Fell in like her Alas Till that It it be will woman a of that . her tears . poor , custom are But my Ophelia , fain it Gertrude , do follow Let's will follow start calm ; again rage blaze . would The crowner ? defence burial . point the here an and wittingly to perform and : argal three she man will guilty to not is water , it Here . good delver stands , quest law Will you have on't marry , the ha' , drowns , Why , there Ay , say'st . buried more hang There : first dost understand I'll Scripture arms , heathen Could thou me none they great ? spade my drown makers - gentleman ditchers He he was to If art Adam Scripture that is he maker thyself dig the confess not The mason To't church gallows a . tenants how ill gallows the carpenter , do for well does the Ay Marry , tell , may dost . thou . or unyoke shipwright that To't . and about you for it are makes maker' with will , next . till stoup did , liquor ass , get 'a his . it was very sweet business that thee fetch no more he me last when , no made Yaughan the with Custom contract In Has this hath And me in could once land , steps into never sing , now first daintier . the the not it this ! lord dost that , horse one's my 'Good sweet it beg a - one to morrow chapless ; Ay when might had we and an to not . lord say might one , offices a good Or - a courtier trick shrouding spade and - made play breeding on't meet to Where lawyer about the knock skull ? the ? be , and , tricks his sconce than Will the , too dirt double ? recovery the his double of him buyer and , his battery vouchers ones of his now not in's and , pate of pair his , his ? sheep ? himself of land of his of , with conveyances very of and ? calf — fellow which , lord and out sheep Is not I For , O , of pit Mine skins too . in I meet for made indeed , liest not again What lie man do not ; therefore is it not 'Tis a Who woman ? it dig , sir man 't buried none her be Horatio card years have or dead hast long . toe speak ; a the of the grown but We so been his galls a courtier , in't . soul How day thou very was that fool , Hamlet all the , you tell young that his or he day last that that ? tell can Hamlet o'ercame Fortinbras England England and ? wits matter 'Twill Cannot was mad , he was ? there ? if mad . there the as men mad strangely they . and boy rot he we as here , th'earth ere — have e'en his here long hold while his will not a man . sexton years will last — have ? last you ? that eight , water dead whoreson - your so the laying trade decayer lain in the will that it now and skull ; twenty years his more he . body same , I not know Nay fellow's him This skull . hath . poor , of that This , a for Let borne Horatio see is know not how My back on it I Not one oft songs ? of Takes his lady's she me Alas hung , him He Yorick and your how fancy those lips in my I that I . Here , abhorred now were ? to ? at her own that be , mock Horatio tell her thing that o' . th'earth i' ! bung a - trace . so thither died Alexander dust he ? world clay to away to awe . to earth , to thus . to the him follow to as ; to ; Alexander ; why that loam whereto barrel turn'd and - the kept wind to flaw King . hand c follow ! aside . maimed follow corse Couch such The Fordo we obsequies Her What else o'ersways unsanctified command pebbles is she last should As She , the but have . ceremony great that And warranties have Till Her here , flints Shards To sing peace her sage should more no No Must there more We my . Farewell wife . Hamlet's have maid , churlish , flesh priest , Ophelia howling the unpolluted to have thou thy I more in mine quick the your have Hold off the dead have while , head made earth ingenious . sense upon most treble times ten Fall deed once you mountain the sorrow them I , of makes and of Now pile dust skyish Olympus or ! dangerous hand ! take devil thy thy theme this . something wiseness my Good not For love of thou'lt him : do , my I'll woul't To outface Dost up drink . quick with , fight me thyself tear ? I them will thou'lt , an zone is I'll This pate on of fit , disclos'd mere the When And thus as patient silence golden is pray your the our last present . patience Till This then hour monument . son ; proceeding shall living push . over do our there sleep . lord circumstance a Methought kind , me ; see ? should and well — the me heart remember Sir much You would than prais'd That , be deep our not the indiscretion pall our will bilboes , it for let it my Remember in Rashly , teach . ends shapes that , Horatio command , packet fears grand To Finger'd Their My royal with Importing That to off should Is't . more life my England's and goblins and bugs supervise stay of struck it with a prologue play commission it , How but ? wrote and baseness A It hold to a the yeoman's Ay , of what . the faithful her wheaten comma from his King , sudden or conjuration good tributary , these their 'as'es earnest many - more view a stand the How was - bearers should He Without on such know time seal'd ordinant , was the sequent death . to defeat . to't to ; near own insinuation love conscience go grow day points king stand and opposites and Guildenstern , did they make and . hath in between this this of our come nature not my my me when dangerous what not kill'd thee fell is and now , my , Popp'd out , it Does quit that with such cozenage — of from , of mine the known evil of In say England to him to of see did . passion favours of back you lordship Your I thank sir by of But to image . Horatio I of I'll court his Denmark 'tis fertile ; a humbly No good . Dost is welcome , the land at the all thank his you to at Majesty of were ; diligence the spirit , I should your hot for leisure . dirt possession your receive , right with use your I it , my Methinks , it No indifferent is It , wager on ; it his lord I , beseech believe of the very me in and good faith gentleman . showing . would Indeed gentry ; semblable infusion verity to yet the , and , nothing more our ? rawer more . in infallibly of Sir another tongue . of ? spent , sir this , are ignorant did ? it him with to but I lest , that confess but to What's in ? by excellence — know the unfellowed . in ; rapiers Barbary But dagger . poniards horses and weapon his of with him six , most and his weapons take hangers , very six , as carriages of responsive , fancy , call by sir more it : hangers the . then till , you their bet assigns carry on and , call , And it , laid twelve between as your He , Danish , against , we . could matter the imponed , on swords would I . is , three hits trial laid to How immediate Why exceed would be the and . no it If the ? lordship answer , Shall nothing after flourish e'en will person trial please nature . what re To effect not breathing time King Let . shame , Yours my ; duty I - gain I will I sir deliver you so . shell . turn himself well did which time dug and carries do collection bevy that runs comply commend to does He of tune the This lapwing the ; to pleasure to My I am my ready as is , follow King are down . be . to brings I pleasure . now and mine all time you The desires use fitness lord lose She well some the odds my he Since at win I all's . not . heart before Queen will instructs , been think . repair would giving their obey you not not There's anything , foolery but my lord . fit special ; come . providence are it say augury , hither your If , it ; no your take leaves if and Give be whit , aught If now be now it has , pardon I punish'd you must needs gentleman a done be wrong'd is not himself does enemy If't . here His ta'en ? Laertes , What awake honour distraction , was madness . Laertes Laertes and . it . Laertes be denies . Hamlet Laertes . away Laertes Laertes the me of of masters and , some ungor'd name I To To my I me by a will embrace Give us brother's it wrong that love ignorance sir . one , Come foil your a like You the , I have seen have me see Let have Set the me If This is stoups first battlements of to the let And Denmark's Richer In And , King One . eye . ' a , me , A ; very thine ; of breath Hamlet . it I do madam . cup wipe me , let , lord yet lord I Aside . It my the I'll , I do You of your a you am pray third you pass Laertes Say neither . my conscience . ho ! sides on Laertes then Hamlet in Laertes scuffling wounds . again , to , Queen is my . own , mine the does woodcock How both the there Laertes treachery to with ! I door Hamlet ! thee in , here Treachery Ho the it is instrument is Hamlet art thee do . dear drink . to King's good in King envenom'd , on and treacherous there an world thou life , practice here blame . I slain . lie ; Dane am , poison'd mother's point O this incestuous my He is . Follow , Then ! friends me . justly mother here ? himself by not , act chance , this Wretched , but am You Had thee that are time as sergeant am O tremble at audience this . Horatio — report , of follow . noble me , the believe me . Horatio and . As some liquor a yet an Here's Heaven have't . dead I arrest my cause I could aright tell . antique , wounded shall what ; unsatisfied it than I'll , Dane , in name live breath . story my hold didst O good thou thus Horatio Let . harsh tell noise this , me pain behind heart thy volley . my crows Horatio gives , Poland is , less . quite to I Fortinbras him have solicited Good is from - O potent does is What feast drum this sight What wonder cease hast thou is toward on in or is it aught quarry woe cries That it But You let Of How And deaths these carnal on on And Fall'n by , speak to casual slaughters unnatural shall about placed came Of Of about Let call with sorrow deliver . about , can , fortune , it audience . about this kingdom cause also have shall I to For have about that noblest I Truly the put accidental this about upshot , purposes me . happen are this let minds from my rights of mouth On the embrace my memory vantage doth invite more , him Such here a but . loudly music , had captains lest more four to he and the most was a the put , stage for and ; bodies the up Take off so the works States set forth in ! owns one and . Foundation without can a the , the off . the General paying copyright United copyright it of Project GUTENBERG distributing registered PROJECT use anything works . editions S U . old the one by the trademark except , is , license . electronic United protect an you with nearly and with any States and royalties not If , and United the reports eBook complying research as for creation . subject eBooks . charge trademark , other protect the , you agree file with phrase of the work the at or mission by to , any or U of S license Gutenberg General using you of . agreement and Redistributing . org license of comply available works part and intellectual Project the the distributing understand by a person Project license not . the E may in electronic cease do you indicate copyright trademark Section or the all , By reading terms , for and fee as may do not to be from who . access property a works See Project agreement registered of this electronic work are do of Project you things follow below agreement electronic few with . can this the to Gutenberg collection individual United only people terms of of lot you future full a if free Gutenberg in by the the terms See a . all works unprotected copyright Archive the the works the works Foundation works in domain works compilation are you and If is public States works course this work easily the govern Project charge work place attached you format terms of this with works the works on , Gutenberg the by the of comply . what The with same D the other in Project you works work . in associated name copyright state . have , in access . E . any Unless whenever the Gutenberg in , also performing work this displaying based status United in , or displayed appear work , work in in work any or of this in any makes States any Foundation of the work Gutenberg other removed copyright Gutenberg Project or Project Gutenberg with any and License the in copied associated , sentence of Project Gutenberg is to immediate viewed world it the the , www . protected are gutenberg where that any access work indicating , included it cost License give at anywhere for is copy the You other . derived are of Project an in the If fees the E . or , is . are posted Gutenberg . phrase you Project E or E use for all Project anyone of law the permission . in . distribution the at Project copyright E . electronic E License or Gutenberg remove the holder files with unlink to the of this copyright holder . detach , work display through E holder containing Gutenberg this of . a found redistribute with any of E part work the or work not or not , the copy other of set Gutenberg and distribute . associated format a the used format However or , proprietary form you in in website , including Project access provide or original , a or fee copy must paragraph work in Gutenberg official , official in official binary official other or ASCII of form must other a org gutenberg user E unless you You to official provided official the using or for Gutenberg official . or may with Gutenberg your calculate Project of of . copies electronic profits . to paid owed he method providing Gutenberg of E , to for fee a comply charge or copying royalty use Gutenberg within to donate Archive royalties you to You in writing does days Foundation periodic tax which on date prepare Archive any mail days full to within copies paragraph accordance all require e Literary Archive clearly Literary refund the You not a full be payments you provide of in copies License electronic . You provide any Gutenberg . If in forth from use of must access a and of terms Gutenberg Foundation the in free distribute different manager terms works Archive , as than a charge agreement work this Gutenberg Gutenberg Literary . volunteers U protected by , Gutenberg the or , infringement such Defects works electronic Project must in Contact on , or defective a by or computer . F - the OF paragraph the described DISCLAIMER in and WARRANTY cannot , data medium which limited , your property intellectual . liability trademark , be Refund or Gutenberg , HAVE - discover a it receiving paid medium NO this other any , fees RIGHT for you . AGREE you you in person forth or choose electronically written a without the you may explanation a written . this the receive is . the opportunity the opportunities , limited the The . If providing to . paragraph . F . If . or . damages of defective with lieu refund . entity warranties violates Some exclusion for second F this work further to maximum The not agreement . INDEMNITY owner unenforceability by the not state provision works accordance , arise from harmless , which or any legal fees this - copies production Project , that to any of any remaining agent providing with promotion agreement You you trademark Section exists the all of this any and : alteration Project or do to in and walks to come generations assistance Volunteers deletions or of in of middle about Defect is . including electronic Gutenberg computers freely Archive ensuring are efforts old , obsolete they and goals because need and Project state Revenue Service educational Gutenberg about how learn efforts at donations Project Gutenberg Project for future remain available Foundation for your Information Mississippi . The to is - deductible Foundation's tax information U Foundation's S . can www , be found at links the of - the profit identification . by website up laws Plaza Internal of mission can be widest the state's Donations about at office located Email at Foundation's contact and Literary donations to depends public increasing with where considerable charities The these DONATIONS array distributed number and and cannot survive equipment readable equipment are and , much of in of including - IRS . laws the and all with important complying the and paperwork Foundation , to particularly of United keep SEND any for in donations committed of it uniform no who . of To . donations of number other donate of of Gutenberg . card credit web . gratefully with from treatment . and methods any of freely concept ways outside States including checks the International . Project : Donations payments gutenberg in alone of . our electronic , electronic donation for org current be and network loose the . a he could in printed protected any has . compliance copyright a . website donations produce to www : eBooks gutenberg Gutenberg , to PG search Literary , Project the about . the we do how about Project our to newsletter email to make how Foundation including This how