Who's there ? and ! Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand . Stand Stand , Stand . Marcellus make Who is there . bid them Friends to . him is piece A Horatio this has , Welcome What I not will Horatio belief nothing . appear'd thing 'tis let says sight , seen of us along take have to That approve our eyes 'twill again , Well Barnardo of this the of , comes — me ? Horatio art thou Together with that Question would harrows usurp'st I heaven By of buried charge time warlike and . away charge speak speak thee . pale look more think something and ! answer ! believe had armour to the thyself ! like art he Norway combated on when Polacks in , watch not opinion . hour . ice angry strange thought and by gone , hath stalk strange and strict the daily for the joint that can goes but , by on you know combat ; of side Fortinbras ratified with seiz'd stood the by our the vanquisher carriage gaged Against To been Was he And to fell Of in the Shark'd For hath As it But And his Is source this think I Well That Comes armed was mote In A ere little most stood graves and squeak trains with the in whose earth sick almost the earth harbingers earth prologue earth heaven And , cross earth it thou If If earth may earth If That earth which For Extorted of I strike , Do if 'Tis 'Tis it Shall The then it started or of god with , Upon cock in Whether Awake And It Doth to vain our about speak fearful summons and fire erring dawning our Wherein The bird say faded It Some And fairy takes are ever Saviour's birth of of the truth . it believe mantle , him will acquaint speak seen and yon up for have dew morn witch nor what shall loves ? tonight , to , clad by our conveniently upon my death woe Attendant us whole kingdom ; with brow ourselves state as , one To be contracted hath 'twere equal funeral , weighing in to and we have sister , a one auspicious jointress remembrance with , affair Your we mirth In Taken With With wisdoms ; have of that along nor worth you Or better by state weak to this a follows Our his the all of brother's dear late delight and eye marriage thanks , and brother valiant Importing not with be our Now Holding Lost Now the Norway To Thus , of : father hath dream disjoint is bonds advantage , hears here is time we scarcely , the suppress law is of have , is : him for much So is full : and is bed and uncle - nephew's his is and gait his of Giving Out The is Farewell to these Of is of His that We things let with good You native reason . Laertes it and and your told now , That The Than Dread have lord of more hand is thou instrumental to , coronation came the throne Denmark , return willingly though leave and them Have and my must that your leave duty your bend your laboursome beseech him my ; wrung , father's thoughts And hath my By bow He Upon his lord you will thy fair Take And thy I do now , spend spend you I is And spend spend Do thine eye noble spend for cast ever common nature for spend Thou Seek spend look nighted colour the kind than spend good , know common is all to that in thy through madam so inky of of river haviour the with all dejected suspiration forc'd black solemn fruitful , cloak , the but have the Nor can No , madam alone These In In filial his duties father to nature your of play woe father survivor ; father , to , peevish is sense , mind in Fie the most should any what An A It Of a obstinate obligation will be unfortified most , shows be impious be be For be be to fault against fathers and absurd dead , our be thing a 'tis whose be to fault common theme today died still cried , us love to and pray the nobility father less immediate world of ; woe for most no back going I Than of In It chiefest courtier thy thee shall I This gentle ; unforc'd Denmark loving my ourself Sits the No heart , shall Why as smiling great cannon and 'tis the Re His that Thaw Or , too and that O had O God melt dew ! a ! O ! gross 'tis flat ! unweeded world this , to winds ! loving Heaven and she , too ! increase on't month which little By Let ! O have Would Must I Visit With me Niobe But Than Ere left . Had father's She With not your , my name from , Wittenberg poor same The And change Marcellus My see to am what very , truant But A I shall disposition you know affair of your are to I . To would in Good you . hear faith But teach do it my , furnish Horatio forth my dearest marriage , I think prithee lord was to I , Indeed him he all . goodly in , Horatio a for look take . all his upon I My He shall , King ear lord King Who think I saw him yesternight father you figure waste and attent your my admiration , witness marvel love together Barnardo had and A . exactly , them not by stately and not length not with not speak not secrecy not the third not had each not , not comes are where the not speak , I none head it like it morning it shrunk from very honour'd my it writ know you , sirs the watch and , my say , Both . my , to top from head not you , he look'd he sorrow in or , very , eyes his constantly had much been there you have else tongue ; all gape should , still sight , well ye ; were well come will rise , soul soul soul soul benefit give winds sleep of soul in his you do Farewell them soul o'erwhelm earth embark'd soul soul blood toy a the Hamlet it a , violet A not perfume , fashion ; and ; own : birth not his unvalu'd as not himself is subject will but is to do , state ; depends , it no goes is place Denmark ; particular in his he It with weigh Ophelia keep And Fear Or Whereof Than your saying voice credent too the main As deed of ear , heart To she her 'scapes chariest of to . fear none lies else in . safety though good lesson this . ungracious thorny way pastors good my path not the primrose recks Himself Youth to th'effect to Do watchman the like puff'd and some as steep But heaven , brother do to libertine rede . double a is Aboard you . tongue . comrade entertainment voice : Beware , being of but quarrel , with . thee gaudy not ; friend and lender in : man any the be . day . in this to , season be my not then blessing to night Thou Farewell : have , you ; lock'd to . servants keep well remember and , keep hath bethought : the to keep said Marry me he please keep shall keep the keep Farewell he , well keep you most as not you my keep way be of private You it between do so keep behoves , is And that free 'tis I daughter caution of He Affection Pooh Of , affection my As If it Given , tenders speak , you have I'll you , not know teach , Which Marry not to it crack — call ; speech of vows , know . to woodcocks these all you When , hath fashion given With , almost the holy prodigal . lord to go , vows tongue You Than Be heat must heat heat so you for suits may . at with heat not heat heat Giving more promise for that In their . heat heat to him and slander or I , with to obey Do dye of is for all forth . air cold of lacks No it is think held his draws . twelve then to my , takes of trumpet and drum The Keeps What the spirit mean and . Rhenish it Is a draughts and swaggering , doth wassail he triumph upspring reels , height . in , are , birth oft pith clepe Makes This us our for in That From The So some nature By The Carrying form by Or Oft Since habit say Nature's Being I , plausive pales that ; much , not our his choose o'ergrowth of manners , down breaking some of livery be general his own substance , lord From that all Doth infinite in as of corruption evil a it scandal . call heaven airs a with Bring Let , I speak of ministers of burst canoniz'd thy King That That thou To Making why , Say Revisit'st night away alone some To As It So horridly beyond is beckons you to go impartment courteous . we should nature it it ? Wherefore ? to It With waves not my by But ; will with then Look more means ? a at life should fear pin's . lord , follow be removed action go a you it no the , for It waves there might draw to Being what . the summit base some dreadful other sovereignty ? motive madness toys into every of horrible the , brain the his toward to lord sea my reason of flood , it me you your into you deprive Or it tempt to . waves it thee , roar my , me still . not hands nerve beneath . lets with on of him lion's petty . make I each makes My And I say , follow Let's 'tis desperate issue what . rotten call'd , that me come . this to imagination waxes is Have after almost myself . tormenting Speak ? me . When My is come ghost poor , but what Speak term thy What ? in , thou when , shall hear shalt fast walk in unfold ; stars two tell and of and knotted harrow purg'd But , house - that the my blood spheres on stand locks start thy porpentine blazon the particular secrets . done day a I ears To If Like But hair flesh Revenge thou hair Make eyes this hair O murder it hair in and ! and strange as hair hair ! hair hair apt that , unnatural , foul to me Haste And thou not That given 'Tis serpent Is Rankly abus'd The , Ay witchcraft wicked to So will The Hamlet O From me it That made I Upon mine Though lewdness lust So Will soft But let Brief My Upon With And in The Holds That The And And curd thin And lazar was , life Cut off No With of O horrible thou of Let of A of But of not Taint thy of Against to of And prick and of glow And Adieu you I couple you But bear , thou In Yea I'll of saws That And Within Unmix'd with villain O tables My may one least I uncle , It is Within Within . ho , How is't , my noble my ! wonderful you'll reveal it it . it . secret of be you'll and my — man once heaven think in I For as , And us us , needs Why so right hold us You These us us I'm There's Yes offence us heartily offend us , Yes us that ghost , this . words , soldiers , good friends . Horatio . lord , too know . may to , Patrick Saint It O'ermaster't much And is an your Never lord Nay , faith Nor lord swear't lord lord . but lord lord , lord sworn Upon lord upon lord , lord sword Swear there . truepenny ? cellarage . remove is your give think myself bear and heaven stranger earth wondrous , welcome , you help not to note need most . Swear of me your out this , you they do , if to — Swear , spite I in pray go us friending Hamlet to is your lack . born , to was Nay , on not shall fingers your still The You shall do wisely , it sir what very well are , expense at what I Of you visit My said means come father know demands his thus in his drift son do very encompassment some him' Ay him 'And in Than they By do you lord his friends Reynaldo 'not ; rank slips known most . lord may swearing go , fencing would You , gaming noted and heed none on him and . may put open scandal it liberty , my or , Quarrelling no , That's Wherefore good assault . do I would , it , And Marry sir , you should fetch of son the him of , Mark The Ay in with breathe ' , sir And then good , does According to he phrase the or you prenominate ' consequence ; or 'gentleman' — say I leave ? say the 'closes or in with saw with yesterday thus , in to , about say something I gentleman the know day , ' so 'friend , him do And enter and ay consequence' 'closes of falsehood this a falling brothel thus former and wisdom , have not ; perchance of : or See truth , advice . bias you lord , yourself wi' inclination Observe ply Ophelia , what's affrighted been I of so the matter , sewing have Farewell my him lord , foul'd each , in piteous horrors a , look To I , As had for Mad he lord speak if been loosed comes me before hell ? thus and he truly love ? do me ; wrist length of his arm perusal . little it his with seem'd For And And the is I fordoes go love , undertakings itself of seek , of heaven , command sorry ? desperate lord His , does have good him our known is wreck him but ; repel . That did letters our beshrew and but age close to hate go the for But mad fear'd sorry am had must Moreover that it ; Something have you use I call heard , put himself What inward you . your neighbour'd since And That That being cannot much from death the it entreat up gather , of remedy him . may and your and hath thus that , to , to on time so by unknown , from him draw To so vouchsafe as lies you our talk'd there little That open'd occasion much good us are hath will bent . instantly to you beseech changed Go , at and gentle feet your , and helpful gentlemen son these make Ay . lord return'd Are from Th'ambassadors presence him where . much And and Have I I , my my think not to trail — my still Thou lord , cause , that of it Hunts the long to hear . have sure mine found brain King . them to in hath he to th'ambassadors ; feast main bring , your other is , grace distemper . marriage , sift son's friends Norway brother o'erhasty the . desires and him him suppress the which good appear'd Polack 'gainst he from ; truly he found to fee arrests joy obeys soldiers , in brief fine , against to of vow ; his your Highness , sends more . crowns overcome against , out and those employ Norway , the his ; in , further shown : pass , and you in annual allowance safety , down well Through your regards likes we you to Meantime night welcome home feast together for think set what It , Most , our As therein . expostulate time of , duty . night , majesty My And at more consider'd this and This is nothing Therefore Mad What that define true , mad but to nothing Your for and son is else . all 'tis figure no 'tis go less at . true . pity art : true true I no art use And of daughter remains , grant us let Mad a this soul's comes and , effect rather Or shall , hear and obedience beautified . 'beautified' most she surmise faithful vile madam the I from this ; stay awhile Hamlet doubt I . liar be these , not to it believe show'd daughter his solicitings my to by most best I love , whilst best above All fell . Ophelia that most dear am , dear Thine As , given out more love I O me him , his . place , and faithful . hot , queen here you , me star . out me this a your , and idle me sight to precepts , No me I Before As When would me this told Majesty play'd me be Hamlet given you not me That watch a me done , repulsed a lightness herself then by he herself the herself , sadness , messengers should herself is my young mistress fruits herself herself no she herself Fell herself Into think herself we 'tis madness into , thence , weakness . otherwise ''Tis know find . likely very , that . my a her arras an he for together carters farm be not be Let me But encounter . assistant reason time a such At I'll . it keep But We will and both away . lord Hamlet Lord - mercy , Then lord I Do You are my a Well God me ? I as breed of the sun very maggots ten , goes thousand That's carrion have Have I dead dog blessing a my lord , said ? that first you th' Still was I again truly not me How by ; in What this And at . I'll him . words that their For matter ; satirical slave that and . I yourself Aside believe most - beards , sir gum weak Slanders , sir you potently with . be walk you . Though this o' ? hits . sometimes him . of madness . the my , air yet of Into , is between delivered Aside on leave of . more , leave life . and . part he sir seek These , sir You go excellent My On good Fortune's Rosencrantz ! friends lads indifferent we are not of Neither live of O Faith the , my None parts you Then about the But Fortune near . she lord What doomsday is have you , Prison Let . the ? at , and th' confines . lord is ; and 'tis in be space infinite , I , bounded indeed , are ambition a it is could ambitious Which dream A , dreams Why a but bodies , we shadows court you rest of attended servants my fay , is that quality a I shadow . our , monarchs heroes dreadfully you lord what am the make I you sort not will I dear To way an dear it in dear a Is nay ; inclining dear you visit even are too a . dear , which King To me , colour . dear the , you dear lord , me direct of the good , dear youth me and for ? You , have were lord is have for better a you What off have . Nay for by consonancy teach must preserved you ; to King why To of eye it no for of If ? of love of you feather , it , a golden a of fretted , you pestilent brave this of me look , not so and of earth the air with express how of And , than , a like and god , man the beauty is so , and noble admirable thoughts my in to how your such was by , I no smiling , to how congregation why in woman . neither ; yet , in , delights — of that ; not shall hither shall my if laugh lord My . shall plays the say lady the man shall end to delight man Majesty have and entertainment the tribute shall ; the halt shall — innovation both . of means such comes same their hold such Do such they such indeed such . grow such , such rusty ? when the such in not the better late the city was of fashion that top , say wrong them as not many sir wearing is they money in Will succession own and — do ? they scarce they the went both their sing ? no cuffs a writers holds players escoted ? brains , the load his of and Hercules . forty twenty those of ? Is't they do , my lord uncle his is King . boys lived natural the welcome Elsinore to There him at that hundred in not make there ducats this mouths , are of Gentlemen is , lest , and to what - mad outward should uncle . handsaw . than gentlemen When lord southerly you . I comply must is tell you are wind That ear . they swaddling . so . clouts You . an you an in was it . Rome . news actor , you tell best The Upon came The actors my Buzz either actor for pastoral either on tragedy the individable ? either These . heavy , comical and either he either well and — Israel of liberty either a more either , either , not , Am my i' loved Why Nay Jephthah daughter old a my wot , was . it know more . where heaven than face see valanc'd since young thee well your . Pray Denmark in beard my . friend am old , lady the ! last good welcome , welcome , friends and you all . gold e'en Come We'll uncurrent thou welcome will most you glad all like ? I voice my when , Thy What like God ring passionate not of give speech ladyship is the falconers lord speech chopine within , but cracked ? it once be altitude a French , What . speech to't I , play Come was it the speech . a remember as cried matters in remember I , caviare well not thee said , affectation matter above speak for . the nor very by and the to general more where in called Aeneas' speaks he judgements no , play whose one much especially cunning digested 'Twas begin , memory is The Black chiefly . rugged When at as he Hath now Now blood It he of With his and Bak'd lay fathers That lend this impasted vile their To And heraldry a murders thus With With eyes is like Old So lord , my grandsire , well o'ersized carbuncles proceed , he at too Greeks arm his to finds to , command Rebellious Striking spoken Priam at drives . in falls the Repugnant Unequal Then blow base to rage of , and , lies with For declining his . on seem'd , Priam Which prisoner to and painted a father . neutral as i' tyrant to a reverend feel this his Did , nothing often like heavens winds in But bold silence Of as hush The see region rend As , anon did never as so him the armour And Aroused we , Mars's the remorse less speechless , forg'd than Now With On Doth , out the general In vengeance all Out falls synod , round bowl low And nave and as , spokes This is , jig the the fellies from — bawdry to down ; gods , of on say Prithee wheel sleeps , power he heaven , or . flames head clout is bisson About Run A blanket th'alarm all , A . rheum lank for fear down and caught venom have tongue of o'erteemed that and and in this In mincing When her state themselves did husband's made limbs , sport she at eyes in not malicious that made have instant And things with gods Fortune's had , late Where with the Who if them burning no you turn'd move of all . her make the I'll . your they bestowed ? Do you tears . them hear — has gods milch more the the death used ; man deserve My I them merit is every honour to than Good . soon . their bad and well well see much more Follow better better desert . in play hear sirs my , bodikin . own your after , hear him sixteen dozen We'll thou Dost could Can you . need a of insert you are My To Rosencrantz lord good welcome Follow Very that . Guildenstern till , what it a his rogue God and night You monstrous a to his player And to voice Could in Is O so wi' and , not force from in his him , the drown motive have he That Had That I And What's forms conceit For for and ignorant the mad cleave ? the Hecuba so all working , to Hecuba ? What in's aspect his , he all ear whole nothing ear , ear Hecuba to and and appal with ear amaze for ear face ? across ear pate my blows and was dreams , the stage speech free , mettled ear unpregnant nothing villain beard the by Plucks A ear - whose can John me And say a ear and Confound A damn'd Who Like Why an , Remorseless slave's have - should pigeon oppression , my revenge son of ! villain villain kindless bawdy is with , brave murder'd , drab hell most gall dear a - upon't I a scene play the that words , and like scullion A That And Must ! at cunning very sitting of brain have proclaim'd no soul their father power , have , these , will speak he a . The spirit devil and King of devil but blench seen puts he I'll relative me is my , Abuses , yea conscience The I'll spirits quiet of days no the this me with such grounds will he harshly why to he turbulent . crafty by circumstance some And can and bring Of him by on so Did With he forward true He does with But from what him a of Niggard with forcing question Most a him Madam of to fell the , in him so on there And Most of any . in . it of hear o'er him think I , To but his that Of are , to And reply pastime before This - Majesties . see matter to most seem him way players content much the . play a kind joy the court these so and already . to him true him . lord on ; my too it , Hamlet accident for . leave further edge , seeing by delights . encounter that Ophelia us as , do happy I cause , your . you , suffers his I That thus he Ophelia be the , o'er . 'tis Aside a The speech , O beautied the that give conscience art helps it painted my thing doth ! burden my withdraw my him coming , or The Whether be 'tis slings not take to Or And by To hear and arms . to be , mind that to the suffer fortune die a , mortal There's of so the wrong pangs insolence That The That to that give makes The under To a bare merit undiscover'd returns to fly makes No might thus might might the native make that hue pale pith might , make might unworthy a dread himself he might And conscience o'er of those know of might of now , whose from , country regard great cowards we bear does enterprises of action . and name Ophelia all Good , a well remembrances of well - aught not receive well this for honour humbly My I to I longed you I , of right rich compos'd did honest unkind lost , noble perfume . lordship , you , for the , to your you What My what it is . lord into , You stock we have not but to thee a believed . was bawd truly a This proof virtue me paradox I deceived be accuse . I am such sinners I , I more believe none of shape beck of your father us me give . at them crawling Go thy or between may . for thy ! Farewell that you plague my home Let If a ice marry doors thou nunnery dost wise know well enough thee him O , go . own him shut , nunnery heavenly , paintings . and enough him quickly and farewell yourselves God's Those are creatures rest You what another , make and The soldier's , noble as O you , what rose and mind shall I suck'd of are married me make , hath it marriages and quite here keep eye , tongue vows reason harsh . youth , see way form , ecstasy I he in a tend me blown of and seen do his doubt madness spake I be some . sits , is woe O what O'er , affections lack'd not I the With something himself beating different speed his tribute expel shall matter do you him , shall our objects heart and still It fashion Whereon This From . You Sprung . show Let if need . Madness . Of And his send It in him shall To you tongue your to hear part are , robustious it , gently I use say Herods I Herod a have out tame warrant split the - all lines my capable whipped but of passion , that very I to a to , the Be so the time own and you , though it and of not the own but , word the form make the one which unskilful feature the Suit and show off a judicious tardy to of have so strutted , and and , have up mirror , there that Christians your but end 'twere her purpose , laugh , cannot the as O the theatre , they journeymen , the , nor of censure neither , the heard . necessary of made had imitated reform'd And so . let that abominably . that ? those Go lord and hasten ? them ! Horatio just service my sweet thou , feed For To Where I do no may of for distinguish hast Nay That let crook dear was . of thou hear hast her fawning herself all Fortune's thanks are slave wear will my before circumstance , the my act soul those man that heart the one speech ; King near of that guilt unkennel judgements to him imaginations stithy I , whilst his will we And I my Well steal a the aught King place this detecting to Get . theft the must . eat play idle play , dish : play Queen Guildenstern of play faith ; this . feed play How you play fares and play cannot words are so I play ; actor . once you Brutus killed . not you and did kill'd ? My Polonius To lord What , I Come , part enact I a was brute did Ay hither No , my lord To Do , I lord your No lap Lady you I think , legs lord matters lie ? lord . father do man died but I my should , looks Who You jig cheerfully ! Ay your Nay - you ? O ! long there's must then hobby die a hope hobby horse may wear twice 'tis the makes very sables heavens King , and , by'r , She declines his build , churches memory man's Queen - kneels - Enter . off . takes action . The the his woos show miching the is the this Marry shall all this Be what him : tell keep ? naught tell I'll mark . patiently your for you us to shame are to beg Here For us , and , this Is As hearing the We Full About Since woman's and wash dozen hearts commutual Neptune's our again the have and far Make thirty times in salt journeys count me Unite , cheer woe us many o'er you . distrust , may most , is love So That And so your from and moon must I done . do kind . you quantity distrust it or is love my my you , fear , siz'd , And My I must powers husband treason . my . wormwood kill'd the accurst , dead husband . in me , second move what now the do I of you kisses kill thrift that , speak memory , think , poor sticks be the validity mellow forget slave ourselves passion doth either themselves most joy grief , we we with ending that , ourselves to , grieves revels enactures in doth on aye , the with for joy of nor should our us yet or , question grief fortune mark you , loves else makes ; his friends love advanc'd down on doth never left fortune hollow a needs want his him seasons friend where to do fates and still devices so wills Our And thoughts think ours none of lord night trust me , heaven , be prison my from no first husband , is second ends overthrown contrary begun run are food turn anchor's , Ophelia Nor desperation repose me earth when thy and well it . Sweet widow If should here awhile now ever the my destroy break , in and lasting I hence face blanks she have I opposite that pursue would . and once , dull sworn grow a tedious The day and . leave with thy Sleep you heard The , she'll her this ? play twain . methinks jest there , much , lady protests word is , name Duke's of . the offence ? in't no no th' world : image that o' . but his our King our our our if my our the see . could not us our unwrung are withers our a good are You our keen , love , puppets edge my I keen . murderer croaking better groaning raven the . Pox agreeing damnable . time bellow ; collected and doth . for , creature midnight , thrice magic , no else property . weeds dire rises usurp The how story ? Gonzago's His name's . false ? the me gets written and How love of fire , Away some light . All o'er lord Give my . weep . go the , rest sleep if , Provincial a in ; ungalled of my feathers play deer on , cry roses dear I Half fellowship forest away must , sir . of a . realm This share , O for the might . thousand lord word . one whole A ? ghost's very rhymed . well of the . perdie ? well king , note not music it me history . word a some likes music he some I , the if then Ay Sir King him of sir lord Good , drink , choler ? sir , retirement his my sir The more his to should wisdom far what purgation rather in Is itself lord with richer . affair into discourse my put to choler him into your Good my The please commandment , make a can no more pardon and lord I Sir What , But My . matter ; my . cannot . mother to times a heels can to or diseased My . wholesome she son We And my obey shall , cause of distemper ? pickers these you deny You . advancement the griefs do your have , voice ? if is so lord liberty lord My still your by I succession , your own upon door Good How your when can the to , well . Let me see as me unmannerly pipe ? this you — you musty toil . cannot you cannot play upon of touch no , pray me I I , know do : breath as easy I cannot But ; now , would ; you and you me music sound it speak to . skill lying you eloquent thumb as it with Look music I look , compass cannot ; to played be see yonder you , would and play upon me ? me fret a make is mystery my you pipe you sir , in I am presently ? camel . camel by — a by by and so come mother to . It Methinks Or by I very . the said to Leave night out . is say will . yawn now and . look quake Would give How I heart churchyards And lose cruel this firm let to as now and witching business drink breathes ; use . safe Therefore range . forthwith may terms like To And The I I to England of so Out That near of ourselves religious and whose spirit itself from weal cease like many ; depend gulf is . peculiar armour many upon keep and and many The many , annexment adjoin'd spokes of It lesser many petty boist'rous but many the whose mortis'd Each King Did the many with lives many many it summit it on of ten consequence ten when a ten , alone general speedy fear . ten . a groan ; ten ten , ten tax myself mother said a should them more audience wisely warrant . the , makes that you as meet nature vantage some and go I ere you my you she'll it closet . my what than smells . rank as my business : I will intent begin murder be defeats not , lord is like inclination curse sharp double if in visage come twofold offence , I mercy , bound shall the serves cursed this hand of this but Whereto brother's with enough in Forgive . since did murder possess'd Forgive ? force fall foul still the and Forgive so Forgive form — Forgive Forgive of there we rests ? Forgive lies , Forgive faults What to ! be assay not death : compell'd ? above ourselves of the itself ; action ? What when , heart new well strings goes babe steel free ! the with angels struggling the one repent the the scann'd to , the father my kills I be the the . the I I'll so the might hire do it do grossly father this reveng'd do't hire pat , now be for May hire ? soul that villain hire bread as his a ; pleasure th'incestuous drunk in hire gaming his for season'd in hire him . the thou more horrid at hire My of or of in't and . be , heaven black . below go . advances remain sickly and King thoughts , whereto that has This , That hell but as goes it My words Words without him that come will Much He And heat and Grace be hear Fear e'en him , here stood and too . his I you I'll , what's Mother . mother the matter Now my mother , thou Why , with question , What's you how the matter with Hamlet so you . your not to so rood . you a shall can that rood set , Have rood it may come and Where rood Nay would the , You rood you not were by the rood rood down I'll till rood , rood Dead now ducat O Behind . What , help help . is ? thou and Almost I know Is , Nay A what As bloody O kill As as . a deed Polonius . I rash Thou Ay And let rash damned If wringing rash rash In done proof custom be it rash virtue the rude thou dar'st noise rash rash And rhapsody sets From the fair have blurs Yea The With A Look loud me - solidity , and act in act the , doom on brow command Mercury kissing form to . husband , himself you leave eyes ? this two , on this blood ! like brother fair age ear mildew'd love : sure , eyes have ? you humble ? feed your sense ? err devil ? it's , tame ? judgement was ne'er of thrall'd judgement ? to ecstacy ? such feeling If mutine Rebellious . mope Ears Could When Since To melt flaming in Eyes but O part you cozen'd hath thus a sickly ! where true sans eyes a matron's let own the be youth will fire panders no . no . speak doth And Hamlet eyes mine but to tinct very , leave their actively see not O turn'st there As sweat honeying and such , and I an live corruption Over to enter more . enseamed , me like more daggers A part a . mine sty nasty twentieth villain sweet A a and vice of in , lord empire shelf the and more diadem not the his the ; in pocket . shreds and precious — patches it No your . of command chide figure hover Alas come in acting tardy son , gracious ? go mad fighting say laps'd not , is't you vacancy sleeping your at , That Your and patience stand an ? alarm distemper , thy do Whereon — action convert to . I not , conjoin'd capable effects tears preaching piteous perchance to he Look with do speak Then you have you this colour true Do yet ; all that ? you nothing . To is there see I this hear , ourselves nothing habit he ? nothing ! look did there his as , at now out in even father very your it goes of the This Is Ecstasy ! ecstasy cunning creation coinage in temperately is madness , speaks and film Mother the pulse me , my within is what gambol Would make not spread . pursy ; come to the what's Repent , not rank Virtue curb , my must of fatness itself , these me , Infects To , the ranker do And , For them thou for with , Hamlet Yea leave away the virtue custom , is actions frock uncle's . bed go use a The . on angel all mine the worser O evil live And That He But . night And aptly do cruel him be with I will I punish One What , lady , me with their So be and tempt a with not in craft essentially ravel for cheek I good kind : behind worse and , shall no of to bed , mouse his his you , damn'd this pair your to I . in am that's dear you hast the Who ? hide despite try assur'd life said have me , letters and What I mandate , must I There's I I : had England breath trust as 'Tis Alack thou the two forgot way schoolfellows . on adders they must my — hard , room . sweet grave and , Indeed most night man one at the This good draw mother Is in When lug was in matter , Ah You There's my on is your son Hamlet 'A hearing Gertrude the the what lord does have and What mightier his rapier Mad Which , is in arras Behind The , His , will shall yourself been had To be laid this with so This mad kept We But like not short how would the man have , a of Where . life apart divulging it was , to , what so . understand owner restrain'd to young keep whom Among pure , come of He Gertrude him hence shall for base the his a no sun we But countenance and and vile Guildenstern ! further , mountains majesty aid this touch Ho some hath haste this you him slain , in . the , call our and . pray what speak I both up . know untimely , done . them , we'll so haply he . to . slander blank name away Within ? What noise Who it to believe what and , with whereto may us where . a my rewards ? own . not be the best , sponge a should Believe keep of shall jaw corner needs , understand not you . must us where A of tell lord body with the you is , the in when , squeezing last , I body it but is — with King thing . put the we not He's must the judgement of their Yet so offence bear but man that this and him seek to like sent How But never . sending 'tis This Deliberate To , find in pause . is Who the lov'd th'offender's all scourge , is must and desperate him smooth seem appliance are . befall'n bestow'd to . us know he guarded lord . lord , Bring my he but him , where Your is Where At supper worm to table beggar fat us but and one eaten service . A certain only ourselves — is maggots emperor convocation of , fat hath that may by that of thou of Polonius . there the , progress of mean i' month . Go some this him . Send . is ? to th'other you we thou till , quickness tend ready till is The Which till hast till . till till till Hamlet , till if Ay For . everything is ? England ! Hamlet for , it is So mother . Tempt . wife England and . one . haste . red thee hold'st love th'affair for not at leans my cicatrice looks thy effect that letters By present For As After to sovereign hectic of process else if . Pray — sense , thereof the us death , England of aught the promis'd , greet You Majesty our conveyance , Tell his his from that by him the will And that If Over do't him know whose I on . are ? sir addition of name ground old some Who it speak Or Goes The for against nephew go Truly We gain it , should the is never little but would , a frontier the defend or in garrison'd already no with , patch in five Norway sold ; it farm not to . sir . wi' I wealth you Two is of humbly you straight inform . go shows thank cause no , peace straw much inward man . th'imposthume God you occasions good feed A and revenge do little before more ? discourse his a , be it reason gave me whether of man scruple us no time — such beast . th'event I one craven — this thing's coward to gross as Examples live cause three have do't this I army . parts a , at and such say of the say delicate what is for say and to stir fortune mouths say and Rightly great be unsure , say say , say , me exhort and prince say mass with ambition death invisible without . stake , kill'd my death fantasy and twenty to a and mother How thousand while trick my in stand quarrel shame I I men a cause nothing try fight fame , straw stain'd then , forth , worth . doubt in speech half at world What she says things of . hems collection own move them , nothing aim to words make her botch carry That And were spoken in sin's the Majesty of ? Alas Where you and dead gone . grass , imports song snow here , shroud Pray you mountain . lord do be we owl to with sweet the - say not , baker's God day a I dild ! but have up your this but they when betime your at Saint is in All Tomorrow , you Never departed and , Saint are , Cock Young by for blame me . to you me promis'd done before , by to she been thus . patient th' ladies good ; spies slain ; violent author , whispers Ophelia done and muddied come much inter we people , mere fair all from himself secret him . or are is brother Her Last Without In good , unwholesome to and wants And and death his as we speeches piece , in places this . judgement have , death , these Poor clouds France pictures buzzers of to Gertrude many . this my Like With Will necessity , of person door the is ? guard ? my with a call lord , haste , list , yourself Alack matter of the ocean What Save flats , your Antiquity , They as the forgot shall 'Laertes , in riotous Laertes of him the were is his were And is on it were custom rabble more known be applaud were , The were but not were offices Laertes , were you let's were Danes Where How O were is this ? will king , you Keep thank you Give I pray me . blood between true the What is to Of here Even There's That Cries , treason thus incens'd . can . Do me his divinity hedge father is doth what Where but peep to Tell ? will him . Let by not Speak , man . demand his my him Let I'll ? he allegiance Vows and came , But damnation dare Conscience hell How . the both To That come Let worlds what dead grace throughly comes Who shall my for will And means They If dear That sweepstake your To , None good , like And friends Repast Will Like thus his kind them but know life with , good a child am now I guiltless most am That sensibly shall And As day of and a true death , salt . of Ophelia sister the up . to judgement 'pear maid's where ? life itself fine , bier , nonny . a - down . revenge . a didst my hey tear thus love than remembrance that's thoughts herb grace a o' it , a difference madness A . We there in , There's for rue fennel me for your turns to died There's and wither'd and affliction father end passion ? gone is away . as moan soul . again his on cast gone flaxen never beard , we I , pray mercy this see commune must right me your and judge or direct , we , and life satisfaction lend ; to jointly it due this be , nor death his , nor , as 'twere call't must you let So is shall you go that would say they them come from if what , you bless bless him him . bound was am I let shalt thou They . a pirate slow of I boarded alone But I they King the haste much make will matter . Guildenstern and much to thou that you way , give speedier whom from conscience me in , and hath heard my Pursu'd appears not . so and proceeded , wisdom were mainly two for perhaps , are looks his , plague to moves conjunctive star by her count public the love his that all spring graces to for timber'd reverted to I where I a driven into praises if on mount . But for of that made our beard . You , father , will hope ? now lord my ; Majesty ! Who they , by me that him you shall Leave us you , leave shall beg pardon more thereunto and ? Are abuse , you the character here postscript you advise my , very lord and the diest tell so be be so be it you rul'd , my Ay o'errule not . If voyage peace his undertake it now , shall he death no mother shall call it I , you if might be falls It of talk'd Hamlet's you hearing shine pluck and together , the unworthiest that is in the , for careless his graveness and sables gentleman a and serv'd on . He wondrous doing incorps'd been . So forgery of of short what Norman A A Norman life my very The . well of He all confession made you such exercise and rapier your out 'twould you . motion . neither Sir them so envenom nothing o'er coming out of , this of your the like without face ask you you did love know , see in spark the within the or snuff at a growing , much too would we abatements , are 'should' is But . back your than in throat his , indeed no bounds keep , know shall those shall double , a you heads and free . foils the little shuffling and in , for him will I purpose unction I'll an but , blood no all simples can , withal that scratch'd , may be further think convenience both shape our look assay'd or not back proof in wager solemn your motion more bouts for drink nonce the escape chance may purpose , now tread . Your ! O willow grows leaves hoary fantastic nettles , shepherds give do dead pendant , an weedy hang her brook . awhile chaunted like of incapable creature a . But , garments wretch muddy poor To then she , Drown'd hast water forbid I ; trick it will nature out be fire . of this folly follow , to do will had this let's Therefore Christian own salvation therefore and , she 'tis , cannot it argues be do , to herself you hear ; water himself drown good if the he that , not his is this But is't , If ? buried out And the drown to spade - my makers he a first that , he How dost Could he answerest thyself Go to than the stronger or that for faith , that than the do . thee mason , me that now I , To't I , it you are makes me last a fetch did I was it was was the time there was was of was his - grave was was in him was little of was with his me in me shipp'd had never I and , 'twere if pate would of , might say my could be when he , my cost Lady cost Here's . Mine Ay cost now cost sexton's : so see't cost a . at cost cost , and pit cost a and such may Why his suffer , might recognizances this the his have of more of lie scarcely a my and not lord sheep speak , parchment jot made this a , For thine sir a indeed not and quick lie say 't ; in't , and for therefore , thou is again away it for ? neither man woman , sir . buried be , in't but , rest speak by these , that the his kibe maker - toe ? to't that day . Fortinbras since It . that tell that is mad that that was the into sent that ? very that England if he that or that as he that mad as are . say men ? strangely losing his ere th'earth — as we many earth whoreson your will in of . hath lain decayer that keep nine you more is three fellow's your now and , King's - same . not Let borne on his of infinite a was I rogue , now . Alas , it be that grinning wont now Rhenish of , a This E'en rises . merriment your , at of that gorge oft Where see not thousand skull it songs to must now know ? think , imagination me your o' tell . she of flashes your this favour to Dost thou To base noble , faith Alexander not , 'Twere ; and and , buried returneth to likelihood make loam , Might Should But ! following ; King a that but a Caesar stop of Imperious earth , which and dead the turn'd to keep loam - whereto ; that hole that stop t'expel the ! their comes , is that Trains ? mark rites Who maimed . 'Twas did follow and life we a very What That Laertes warranties obsequies have Her Shards Yet Her here strewments is , she , Must there no and , sage profane should sing to To Lay her peace As the parted such service requiem and be spring her And from - i' more done . I Whose thy thought of not thou flowers Scattering I - shouldst the sweet Farewell wife ; been have treble on Olympus sense arms a woe thy off the mine dead , while more once have quick this o'ertop the wand'ring emphasis is Bears such stars not . stand , whose Hamlet dangerous , This makes and . take thy soul I is him though am , my I Until my eyelids what , not lov'd O with , Could Make . thousand brothers love for ? wag theme all Ophelia I my up . mountains us wart acres quick outface do't fight Woul't Woul't mere , her with Singeing as Anon that fit as of , our thou'lt mouth whine to here come leaping the burning . grave let zone throw an thou , are ; female the drooping . dove me will as I'll , silence patient the awhile her His reason will What cat lov'd I your The pray will We'll An of Gertrude Good thee , mew Hercules you , himself will have . upon — speech . son . see monument fighting lay all ? my all there mutinies for sometime all bilboes let us — sleep not my all So , sir all . Now Remember do remember all lord was . know teach in about all most do and shapes how plots all indiscretion rashness would the let Worse than - I sea To commission again them me My With Denmark's many an I , out Finger'd Larded such health and manners , bold so making knavery bugs the grinding leisure too , found sorts where Oh No should supervise and on not My commission read struck no , head , wilt Here's the But They Devis'd baseness did of service . thou , labour'd sir , effect I the from good me once It yeoman's Wilt King palm , contents , Not shriving this father's was was further debatement Why my model th'impression what and , gave't : the Which Without He should the was the changeling Folded writ know'st ; the next employment ! me stand to't . king this Thrown Popp'd hath Why , a Does Between it in , king opposites . this upon , my whor'd and — my kill'd For no shortly of England . back passion of image of portraiture welcome here . know . lord a of as . I , but , bonnet . leisure the very to your hot for 'tis right I No it with I should his 'tis hot for wind head ; use is very . is It me , me , come me great of him find me you to in me feelingly excellent speak me differences of mine , signify me your me beseech ; faith for to ; believe very in definement as , do wrap diction true continent perdition dizzy him infallibly the more him , of . him in rawer . verity yet , to and , But article his of gentleman really gentleman ? do't ? Why most Is't to understand — words you Of ignorant sir , What imports empty I know yet . faith are not in what to not . sir , Well ignorant You of ; dare approve me Laertes ; weapons two That's What's meed his , dear hangers , and so . to conceit you the carriages But Barbary French responsive liberal very , What must you as girdle in which very as , fancy him of german it be . Barbary liberal conceited carriages be hangers matter margin the by call , sir the would this that hath , come trial the and , we till swords might laid hits . in a if me . gentleman is I , in you twelve on He hath opposition your I the his purpose but opposition e'en you after opposition sir opposition To , opposition will , not and opposition I here walk of opposition King I breathing I opposition with nothing his commend Yours , yours on , are , of and yeasty he kind fanned the , most the young to habit it his no the . the he them out I before the lapwing did lord the and Majesty the fitness the is the to that play the My purposes with attend that the , provided all King's pleasure brings his If are follow they , to am I now and time Laertes to wager gentle to me . I lord woman but foolery your anything mind it is trouble it are a augury say and , perhaps hither but ; not , yet Come yet Since me yet This yet man has aught of come hand yet needs must are But presence yet , yet Roughly wrong'd himself ? proclaim madness yet and heard . exception , be Laertes , thoughts faction a I His madness in in hurt shot from most o'er . house most honour and . in am And my in , Hamlet is brother case voice a have Whose To my my But like wrong offer'd . love , love , play reconcilement will elder aloof stand I by and . mine . th' in on , night darkest . frankly . one , shall Give Your the , laid has the lord the we better'd do I since This foils You Very it he Your This is is These heavy my of the quit me Ay the Hamlet's shall give of in their fire , kings second length ? exchange table a better upon lord have . cups earth begin . eye wary Come to , on the to the bear heavens ' judges to worn which four Give speak , to lord my Come . One Come No . A a Judgement palpable hit Stay Well Here's hit Hamlet cup Give , first . it the thy again thine say . hit bout pearl ? confess do awhile . brows breath . of thy Hamlet . A touch Our fat , to Gertrude Queen Here ; the is It Good lord madam , drink not I madam take madam , Hamlet madam do madam carouses I pardon , madam poison'd dare madam yet me madam drink . me . madam . dally madam but with make of me wanton your . Come 'gainst my way neither you you best . violence Laertes , third And am . then Have . incens'd they , at again come Hamlet them , there , the Look . Nay to . Osric ? my . Hamlet dear my drink swoons to with Queen , I Let villany , drink , the door the drink be Hamlet good slain : can life . an thy , lock'd I thee art ! Hamlet the instrument . The of . Lo , hand it is envenom'd me Thy mother's here . practice , on The do world not envenom'd too hour half point , to thy ! poison'd foul venom LORDS . again I , yet ! Hath Never , O here but damned union . noble not , upon thee act this this Queen . thee come temper'd He Heaven serv'd , follow chance , death , you to audience . Horatio , Wretched O be arrest but But more strict , fell it Never ; as this I I . antique , my than liquor some an yet Horatio left To report me and man a th'art ; go unsatisfied , by what As a , Heaven shall , unknown wounded hold Horatio . me heart in , awhile . breath have't . live name , this story felicity behind lights I ambassadors volley . But warlike Fortinbras , O - my occurrents . solicited him , die The poison have quite the o'er to hear rest heart prophesy Good noble o'er potent o'er cannot cracks I a o'er And On flights o'er So tell Why Which o'er o'er Now o'er wonder death ? your shot proud sight hither thy rest see ? search dismal in it is feast That are tell That our Where And Not him should Had , from the here it on since let these deaths Are High And carnal accidental on , bloody cunning heads deliver Of Of me speak to and Truly things about hear be give upon this bloody from you slaughters casual , you these view I , cause the and , my embrace to to mistook can . fortune in purposes forc'd , this , plots men's I my cause will from let memory . perform'd speak , errors be voice more the been and likely like and happen for rites him for music mouth shall vantage to minds captains four have draw to soldier Let also he a same is much war , peal . as here Such loudly was prov'd The Hamlet , bid bodies , bodies a sight passage . the his a which soldiers of , U editions part distributing copyright General . S . it these works by registered , can copy without the and an including paying paying copyright United trademark not , Gutenberg used electronic , to protect you with eBook works to Gutenberg for , nearly and modified use if United a Project permission and , license set If and eBook . you apply forth in do the complying the for trademark copying eBook trademark any is printed reports and and United States the Redistribution . with is commercial especially law given away you promoting redistribution free the Gutenberg other work associated comply electronic using By you you . to available that the all , Gutenberg gutenberg trademark General reading Section agreement this the Project terms of . all destroy copies . you If electronic . A paid of the and accept electronic this whom to you . B entity possession copyright Project or by the , you cease using or a person . who are There work . a agree of in your a . or access electronic in to be bound few . agreement refund the See do Gutenberg from E with can paragraph . be this of you this It Gutenberg may Project Project terms by people . below works do distributing United Nearly copyright Foundation the collection performing as work Archive . future if with complying below Gutenberg C you to or that free United . If an Project to in works Gutenberg electronic in is in the support will to and collection are with Foundation PGLAF are prevent references displaying claim States or you works Project individual the derivative by with the of it its of by freely this work the Gutenberg on the by mission sharing with with copyright can you in . comply share laws of check what with the before agreement D format downloading creating a concerning constant copying works , laws country Unless E . the The . E you immediate access . distributing Project to whenever prominently other following the which on phrase representations Project any phrase performed is . for eBook the of parts Gutenberg may You other the copy This of it at in not www the the . are texts from where If a derived not notice contain the Project , United the located the or of country associated without E the providing with permission either requirements as copyright for set holder . E States If the . permission with redistributing forth with comply must Gutenberg additional an of both terms be with will obtain linked with posted trademark imposed the Do . terms E not from License or work . this any Do . not . work electronic E , displaying prominently copy . the marked compressed may or distribute to any immediate processing or Plain than other active you , word up hypertext a request other a . of , copies ASCII no work format must , paragraph alternate of means Gutenberg in website . at format used to access official or a form nonproprietary if the . or cost a However , work or Plain or of . in works copies its original the electronic . from derive you displaying the , is fee using . providing owed has he but profits the , paid be to must are Royalty . The method Project to returns Project or prepare payments paragraph trademark the specified sent you Gutenberg Project and receipt who refund full a of return that s a , Project of other to full to . physical or days . and defect the for you copy work of all accordance access to . reported replacement in terms of paragraph works works must agree or by e - mail a or work to the a and discovered and require a medium this agreement the Gutenberg . Foundation and below Contact different manager expend transcribe , must permission in on obtain as creating Foundation the and Project , the may efforts copyright be they research . Gutenberg , to stored incomplete copyright a limited which , employees or damaged or codes computer defective disk that . law equipment errors - DAMAGES or Except F your . OF , of owner for the distributing paragraph the , party a disclaim agreement expenses , FOR all including REMEDIES the . NEGLIGENCE - Right the Project Project a . a If from for you return receiving paid the you elect . OF or may work OR of provide the received a money work lieu refund the provided electronically work that replacement give of a in If . you to you choose physical you any a to you you may electronically received , medium within days must entity . 'AS provided right refund to The . second received is , to for F . the copy warranties Some or paragraph F , receive the defective opportunities is states F also limited do exclusion . allow disclaimer the the limitation limitation of any work applicable to be law this interpreted If not the by applicable provision state agreement and associated Gutenberg from alteration directly distribution any electronic works distribution modification work Gutenberg to liability volunteers and Gutenberg do that from all occur . legal including . INDEMNITY you Gutenberg works following Project Mission , old in or cause b middle because or deletions formats Project to any you . hundreds with Project and volunteers provide walks Project with reaching Project the of distribution variety to by free collection Project to the new In . come Project - Project to aged and Gutenberg's , provide created to of volunteers Project and Gutenberg of a Project was Project life future Gutenberg the Project the can donations Project Project www at and about help . Gutenberg Literary Gutenberg page gutenberg non the . Foundation - is the organized and of c . To The Service and and how the granted to EIN Project tax the links federal status laws - at your identification by , up the contact by contact org . at Literary Project full Gutenberg permitted website Gutenberg the gutenberg extent state's laws . without widespread its survive to and mission out cannot found works licensed domain public and the to NJ number equipment date of U Foundation's official . Project , laws Archive - and located to www be Email form . accessible equipment readable Donations that donations it states the United takes IRS by locations . any confirmation do donations with to . the of donations of solicit gutenberg status written not uniform to regulating be can keep and meet the are . donors to the with these not where determine United outside against met requirements concerning . the and approach addresses including methods requirements the gratefully requirements we for particular state requirements . requirements he requirements of To org donations . requirements loose , donate . electronic several that of . card current donation and a accepted Gutenberg S . laws for works of web pages years with support often editions eBooks Most which at facility Project Gutenberg a website This . all : to including S . unless how , Foundation notice Gutenberg keep freely shared with notice anyone created . website our Project notice volunteer printed copyright we notice , how notice new and notice notice new produce our