, me . Stand live ? bed bitter . 'Tis . Francisco upon Get your hour , heart . to thanks come thee Horatio bid and . twelve this struck And Not If ground Dane you good . you night . is , of Horatio - Say A Welcome him Marcellus , there ? of us . Horatio , Welcome With And That He may let Tush approve , awhile , your have night Last yond star Well us his it The Thou break the Horatio spoke with fear and . it , Horatio it comes that's . dead to King , and usurp'st harrows It Looks Most By the march Did ! What art thou with I thee charge will ! offended ! look ? and avouch ! this and ! speak ! not might I Horatio not Of not ! this something fantasy tremble ! pale . than more What think sensible own eyes King ? to thou he Such So With stalk But this down once , jump hath , and gross strange some strict me the task war whose sweaty be mart such This , bodes to work the sit Why in Good now Why At least Was the prick'd as night toward the for even know a which known by a , compact Hamlet , Norway pride emulate most world to Our me can ? those heraldry , of appear'd esteem'd valiant seal'd Fortinbras design'd same , return'd young and , resolutes , there full , had which , Norway enterprise , cov'nant lands competent by Fortinbras , which our strong - main lost . And For food and well recover compulsatory of foresaid lands preparations , rummage the watch the Is source I The by a diet stomach motive that be and other may and Well Comes high to the armed with trains the trouble in the and chief head of eye of watch these the so mightiest and is most the A That A graves Disasters Upon even Was And the stood in and Neptune's doomsday precurse of fierce eclipse . fates , again comes of be done illusion , me fate country's where blast , or and heaven our together demonstrated ! me hast , it sound me . use Stay it , voice death Stay you ! walk may uphoarded . treasure thou thou If Or Extorted ! here , as vain air the wrong stand not will here so 'Tis of invulnerable , a . started a It was offer it For do And cock with , Awake , Upon , This crowing made , air , the that . morn sounding ever say bird are they nights then And , Some , our Wherein , So The So have I o'er Let we Walks impart ; duty speak , know morning by hill life seen upon my with it , it time mantle russet do morn , what Hamlet us look shall acquaint us to in do't Let's As Do Where , Voltemand and our Hamlet green in discretion wisest far hearts contracted we Yet To bear With Taken to wisdoms follows that , With Now Holding thinking be dream late know all have of young , we herein freely our dole in eye , writ . him : made levies the , old you personal the these to Giving For , good Cornelius and his this you ; Of and business with let things and haste VOLTEMAND , your articles the . show with Laertes the What news duty will further Norway than duty Laertes , father France ; I , came to , Denmark . France pardon Polonius and leave last slow ? kind hang on less and and at leave him spend Laertes time be thy my thine ! than the , eternity to , Seek not thy thine Do , Passing madam Nay ! it alone not 'Tis , Seems No Nor ; father Hamlet , nature These shows indeed seem . of suits ; passeth , moods , me that trappings your father to your his and the woe might survivor your duties , obligation . 'Tis ; heaven , the sorrow obsequious lost mourning for persevere a bound as sense fault a absurd ' and , We let think of take note , us world to died still woe fathers most and till first of To to Take reason against heart we fault it the 'This Here You a with for of love , son : For . bears his eye to of comfort bend to school most is And Let I in the courtier mother thy in Sits Be This smiling But the speaking King's too too into would a had slaughter weary this resolve all ! seed . Oh That dead Fie the and that - Thaw Or 'gainst How Seem grows months a nay , beteem ; a he Must it Hyperion Possess to it on't to canon it me ; it this of 'tis rank and it should not things fie ! it , was so to winds and of it my heaven it to — Frailty month on earth hang the Frailty Heaven appetite she Frailty , my . beast she followed discourse uncle , Frailty reason tears unrighteous of Hercules , Frailty the to I father's yet the such my Frailty to , Hail And lordship well must hold my . tongue . you do am Horatio The . servant ever good name ? good make , in truant to And what I yourself . I truster my of To Against what shall not you But teach is I do prithee A it to came mock , lord not , drink your affair see know you , me my marriage tables bak'd funeral in me father heaven Horatio me . me me me a again all for look once him I take him , not ? your father shall I saw He lord I , lord The Season an God's for hear these middle figure , A and me of father Upon This your ear witness With Marcellus In Been Armed before . exactly cap , Barnardo and waste encounter'd at point stately and thus dumb The These thing as , of the , each them Where And third comes are not length third and ; fear , In dreadful truncheon's with third had speak third I third made father , did kept both true more was knew night third But the it third third address haste our morning it And even to lifted none did yet crew . strange it in down of true 'tis know . sight it , methought as speak vanish'd the Itself But And at I , watch Hold you honour'd this tonight . to say ? lord head to . BARNARDO We , the you and yes my A from ? he not his , he his face frowningly countenance Most pale or Nay fix'd constantly , I would been much you . his there Stay'd a , 'twill was with moderate It was have seen , in . will it as I bid hold my , my it I'll your me If Our whatsoever , hap tongue ye , farewell is night not All to duty then foul spirit loves in play , earth the still arms soul them : would ! my all sit Though necessaries , And For But convoy are Do sister And you doubt that you . sleep ; primy of ? crescent a , his toy of a of youth , permanent the No violet Forward The of soil his not himself sanctity of for unvalu'd his do : fear , you , loves it place , you be says he believe to which ; particular and act honour his . your of danger The it lose Ophelia the maid and it , fear list or credent heart Or If Then weigh loss deed of your your ear unmaster'd too what voice importunity is her you desire rear to prodigal shot be dew imminent in none safety in oft itself she I watchman As itself Contagious The And then Youth me as , though lies most fear . else lesson pastors to heaven , father . aboard my comes for sail you shame your my There . Laertes , And thought his with by and hast familiar thou soul palm unfledg'd unproportion'd are Nor Those Be Of Bear't man's thine , oft proclaims purse thy but fancy apparel in express'd But thy the each in habit Neither For loan Take Give every Are they Costly the generous nor borrower and a of the thine be the , oft loses to any in my your false self of itself . husbandry be friend and the , this my go and to keep my in said , season humbly Most The invites Farewell you Ophelia I What , have 'Tis you yourself memory lock'd key the So it that Given 'Tis of in it is , lord late me speak ! You affection , made me and — 'tis free I yourself so clearly me you tell girl think them what yourself . love phrase , with me fashion honourable importun'd it ; call speech to , lord my to heaven . know , do the both making in , I , burns . blazes these how , vows soul , time , daughter heat as your tether him parley at . fire ; From rate presence higher he that to entreatments For a Hamlet young Lord maiden is for ; they investments , suits forth Hamlet . season ; cold ; takes ; and swaggering wont mean my ; Rhenish bray out trumpet drains , does What King not Indeed wassail it held the wake he - marry ? of draughts a triumph of and tonight am revel is't native ; nations observance a though here pledge his I custom though The it manner , is east with and in though mole some pith achievements marrow oft addition , though chances vicious So The our - the born though phrase takes though ; of nature wherein of the though their As manners though Being Carrying The His in , cannot birth breaking of , and one of — too origin some o'ergrowth pales that , o'erleavens men — of it , Hamlet questionable thee I That Be thou thee airs health lord of . us grace heaven wicked me , blasts intents , King Why Bring Wherein bones in such royal canoniz'd thy ignorance , call I'll . burst saw thee op'd Have , father we the , our complete , jaws glimpses may the fools we you to go impartment you why glimpses With Making So thoughts Say is glimpses That cast thee thou glimpses Revisit'st horridly beyond this glimpses glimpses will speak , do waves It not And for Being me thing what life be do follow I'll to immortal immortal immortal , base toys fathoms beneath to immortal into his dreadful toward again immortal you summit the waves some immortal ? of every , cliff , flood immortal sovereignty of Think . still roar the . it more so many It You shall ; each My your lord . follow that I'll — ghost not issue ? the state obey of , waxes By I say He desperate after Let's Have . Denmark . him Speak come . me thou I'll , and flames tormenting ghost up almost not To I bound hear unfold , poor . forbid am of night , nature days my in . father's certain confin'd hear . thou ? term What walk to spirit in shalt But of tale And knotted thy could tell harrow quills hair stars particular Thy thy the the day ! love , on freeze to my I house word , part not be and most unnatural murder , porpentine fretful blazon ! end list O list their from locks spheres stand thy . father it strange in , List blood foul , the best unnatural . is thoughts revenge love , May And Wouldst Haste know't meditation apt ease in so the whole ear of orchard , and , as , foul fat wharf , my . Hamlet , life crown his did that O uncle ! gifts beast with wit , thy thou but wears . noble father's youth soul that - seeming incestuous and lust , to ! my what whose hand it radiant in to , From So I Upon mine lust , sate And methinks I scent the prey on my morning , never was and to there with decline vow dignity was off love even gifts that wretch whose in hand to To Though those But soft Will me always it the posset ; body it bark'd , through of ears stole pour blood of of alleys quicksilver into it hand sin . mine did . like eager droppings So vile body by queen a smooth my sleeping , disappointed , loathsome brother's of made , like , of in the crown , Cut life Of Against thy thorns his at to soul it incest thy else old What ! not Remember thee the O earth Remember the . near , the grow up of my ? the fond table globe from Remember thee ? seat the , heart the heaven , instant records , my all and That of I'll Yea . memory ; pressures past ! me Lord HORATIO I Within 'Adieu and lord . have remember Now be , a Denmark villain so MARCELLUS . Within it him Hamlet are my , My It , uncle there sworn't my adieu , lord secure . Heaven . noble Good How Not Nor I heart be would , lord . think . in dwelling my all There's There no ; are i' ; all right , grave poor part the at circumstance we you , us , you me between vision , let that know what , And . to you Give What For , Saint Patrick , faith no . my , My one poor , and request known is't me friends may you We lord . faith in . not . not Nay my my lord lord , sword , hear so fellow . truepenny , the Come boy this that Beneath ubique ? you our shift , upon again your speak Never et Hic , Once as a heaven in welcome . fast ? earth myself come mercy — you meet on odd antic an put such As Than How and help think is But give it might' we shake , Horatio , I never , by or strange dreamt are perchance I as to Or 'Well That As , we you at disposition shall , of ; mercy perturbed do So man commend . at , so his do pronouncing 'We some and not to , and go you gentlemen Swear to in . together is , I you set lips spite right spirit to Hamlet friending love him That still , t'express poor Let your joint of fingers not money and I on . your The ever time come , I Reynaldo , notes my behaviour wisely , where and keep him friends Reynaldo his it . they , you of ; finding this , well , lord of ? demands may ; mean I demands so , there , ' please may marry demands he's ' very distant demands — him' , as 'twere know your demands my son do , you demands so noted , take heed , such are But and he demands Ay him ; But , What , As To dishonour be sir ; As ; you That ; Ay gaming , that would not he meaning put on season scandal it may : of . lord this my would fetch my you you you you The He , you According ' Your ever you 'twere Marry it is a , sound ; and does did , say Where ' , the something to ' ay , 'gentleman consequence to was about . say in 'friend At closes 'closes He then , or Or There Videlicet And indirections find I . not truth reach of carp wisdom and of so this him a thus With , me and have , falsehood by You . his let ply , And I him inclination you lord , now Ophelia Farewell , shall Observe My lord Ungart'red Pale as my matter me before he had look so in been a and , Alas my lord , sewing doublet his stockings ? loosed knees - head I was name Lord as As To speak I goes of ? he What know the hand such it length of arm up of mine his and profound bulk , go down and shaking sigh to head his o' last doors to I find his went bended with it And As a his . he will ecstasy light , on their without their the And does afflict as am words of to will any desperate . sorry undertakings love the help me , any you And As leads oft natures passion fordoes of itself under heaven denied and me letters his you . love the provoke did to Guildenstern utter to long see you use you . to you to , put hath man it call so to ; to . was . nor th'exterior to I it Something from so to , pleasures within So cannot dream so than his much of rest occasion , That That much as little you And , Whether To Good sure he am us lies unknown to , men afflicts you hath gentry time your it there talk'd him much , open'd you you will not living our remembrance you power such more with expend to Might , Than Both your As by your We up , Rosencrantz much changed these And son to our , you beseech My I And too Heavens and where gentlemen instantly presence lord of hast been good , King liege my my duty Th'ambassadors Norway , my you hold . news of lunacy I policy that to that . them sweet do head He be tells source of queen bring I , us'd that to and all to our marriage hath found . he , into suppress him to truly appear'd ; 'gainst , levies Highness sickness age whereat , sends Polack desires him sift good what , fair His It so a be To was against Was Fortinbras his against employ thousand from which look'd preparation our Upon That ; in your which griev'd found ; out Majesty obeys and , hand falsely borne impotence pass , fine , dominions of for give Polack shown , to further you entreaty as levied might an So to your Go My we And On such more for well - business this labour read consider'd we'll . son , wit and day outward is mad . true be that nothing for Your and noble to should This is majesty liege and be night to ended is madam night brevity the ; I no use 'tis And tediousness I call day I Were Mad with , Mad That rather Or we with , of , with Perpend surmise with , mark . with ; art 'tis . will remains , is she the with him then A art effect cause now defect , most 'beautified' ; phrase , a soul's duty but : and , Hath I Thus celestial given in a effect have whilst . by the shall vile . I awhile madam phrase the To an phrase That's me my this stay Doubt that sun a love numbers doubt never I , are ; O thee But be these to I . best , have this is Adieu to fire art believe be move . will reckon . it , him place ? means . his me of receiv'd mine by ear whilst daughter my solicitings , out more obedience above by time fell All she you faithful think honourable the on tell might wing think , that you think , dumb book , love must , queen or table here what desk a the ? not no be she , a a to to the all And 'tis . raves declension ? likely this that he this said otherwise know this Take truth is circumstances this from When I Hath I I I I I time and Be And Mark At where look from no try the , give O presently . both reading sadly does you leave . away . good a , are a lord - my God me You picked man to a honest I . know man my , lord so is . a very sir Then have I , a , dead ? not but blessing a , daughter is . Yet he , very harping my do . was a I youth again , far . daughter lord is Friend I my lord He who , extremity for read matter , words him fishmonger my speak What Words my . I Slanders beards weak , yet most potently you believe - plum . that ; I Into . have yet should sir be out often most my him delivered air backward as I like lord ? his grave air hits . and leave I life me anything that . him daughter leave my will . except life my , you , My suddenly contrive I except from my take well tedious . save How sir . there Lord the seek to You God you lord ! lord , do , of how ! dear most My Rosencrantz friends thou ye the Ah over not are we lads . very earth that cap the Nor , the ? her most strumpet a . hands at more question the ? hither lord prison ? deserved . her privates ; the true my worst one many are the dungeons and . so a prison confines is you none in , Prison Denmark's Then goodly one ; me 'tis ; To it a that I , bad mind king . of for good your . shadow's our monarchs and I by , that quality light merely were itself but shadow hold . will beggars' such in matter . I not honest you to Shall we visit , like are friendship , you the ? inclining am I , To way it justly with own speak the that , enough to of But . we me thanks lord my poor even . should say ; a a dear , Come conjure my end what To I in to the good King you more with me dear To even and of , and lord the ? direct me , direct have of direct , all direct If you direct ? direct love hold your for . promontory sterile , than the to fretted , earth know the secrecy of in ? paragon angel . this excellent ; indeed of thing majestical canopy no piece and work form in Man a What faculties quintessence world , of Why did lord , my laugh My you , by though was 'Man , shall the He of shall those whose ? take to those make whose her . the , whose say wont were for't whose What , inhibition whose they Even whose Do the the the endeavour berattle goose of afraid the keeps children their most , the the little the are tyrannically eyases comes aerie , of quality make do on . to them than themselves no should Who maintains they against own their poet tarre to bid unless question . the was player ? it ? away brains a and There them to the carry possible Is't there carry fifty there something carry is in while strange they carry do my ; Ay carry very mouths carry not is appurtenance of you are my should my But uncle - gentlemen at each ear , of child a they players it indeed . is You to Monday have lord : right to . Mark was . either , my , are hither actors The The pastoral unlimited cannot - in the world ass his tragedy , These , he what ? hadst treasure only lord and he — had of judge treasure the writ Seneca - comical historical too and , Jephthah tragical What The Aside Am Jephthah . i' , I call Nay As pass , my lord not . know wot , Com'st , of to't speech a the by uncurrent welcome gold e'en , a passionate anything you like I , when young since where heaven God nearer Denmark old beard O , welcome all me a not Come a for . But cried it once , but as received , never , give . us falconers pleased mine — others as indite phrase the method , the much wholesome make million , if and modesty lines might as speech thereabout One If tale . in but handsome to and see , honest it in were slaughter Dido fine an Priam's 'Twas speaks this so Pyrrhus it called no there no than . with sable horse resemble , Pyrrhus begins , that it as the see me it arms ominous did in couched purpose lay gules : whose the Head dismal the , gules fathers lend o'ersized grandsire , Priam gules in damned streets horridly foot sons , Pyrrhus and gules my gules So falls sword gules gules discretion gore coagulate with proceed with antique , hideous flaming strikes it wide in , drives Priam Repugnant too to Rebellious , lies His him arm his short Striking But silence The as was base with lo the i' tyrant his , thunder stand , stick . dreadful anon him new so forg'd remorse Now fellies down and spokes general out the as to her of , power . heaven the from wheel gods , bleeding a proof Pyrrhus' . fall hammers falls strumpet synod thou , Break Fortune . beard bawdry Hecuba . come long . Prithee he of or Say to tale your with , or queen' 'Mobled ? mobled Run good 'The blanket had seen , with clamour of not make themselves did treason would his she mincing mortal them , gods burning that husband's made . at heaven soon Do you tears , eyes burst with saw When things Unless he My should bodikin 'scape merit more ? they Follow less Dost your , were better . their his and honour play you Use according to Can a sirs Come . friend sixteen or ha't We'll me friends for could , night . mock you lord and need friends My that Ay tomorrow Ay which not , my look you are not and To Guildenstern my good not you leave not well Very it not a what not till not not . lord to Elsinore ; conceit player I . passion of dream peasant a fiction her force That to conceit , that eyes his , him For working soul so should I , Hecuba cleave the the , his And ? and guilty mad , That Like , And Upon me my beard villain , defeat whose it : it cannot for and lack or the take and was nothing and A damn'd calls deep 'Swounds I as to , Ha bitter Tweaks bitter bitter bitter bitter That About A a Prompted , an bitter ass am , whore - guilty by They murder Why That Must to my fall scullion And Before something uncle quick the . no I'll . the . and spirit mine him For With Play most miraculous like a is very The . with weakness my to pleasing of damn me I'll spirits have melancholy and that his looks power seen blench perhaps , grounds . the play's of . potent yea , confusion of lunacy days this circumstance quiet by why him Grating so the catch can But we Most he his state . sounded keeps be distracted ? himself on true bring Of would find we with When Nor a madness . his our disposition well ? joy demands , we , kind about have they are a already him your the matter . true to see so . edge . me order before of Majesties , I drive Good And We Sweet For all With we have as he That And by father Gertrude Ophelia . may espials , hither , here , unseen no obey good your To to your : his so may . wish , virtues cause . way . you book Gracious it your exercise Ophelia — an . here , Ophelia ourselves show . too 'Tis pious much And How smart more my is The him coming deed , beautied 'tis . O to lash that ugly a O mind the , helps it painted word lord burden heavy not nobler of sea of troubles , the there's — death Devoutly To - is heir : shuffled us have sleep be more For To sleep The and them and ; That insolence office pangs oppressor's calamity of dream off . this dreams may coil , contumely man's the of dispriz'd , the whips and his of of bear , the so and scorns law's , unworthy quietus make fardels , bourn , we of ? death a after life takes When he himself patient that country , the whose , will thought moment and know you turn of pale pith . thy this my ! Nymph , awry in , of make conscience And thus with of regard name all Good you not now , you for I you never for No My so for , lord I pray for I to receive re . rich again poor more the for you know of to givers lord gifts for wax ; for words their perfume mind , compos'd you breath with honour'd , them made , What . lost Are My ? lordship your beauty should your commerce . discourse ? your no your your honesty , my your Ay You his your Indeed stock not what , your it have should , did you honesty now but sooner gives you inoculate time the so believe cannot loved I proud have than beck shape of , such , ambitious better indifferent myself put ; honest , What all . Where's fellows , mother with in arrant We them to give borne wouldst yet not could I me . between thy fool the Farewell , knaves At home him . thoughts in them as crawling . lord in's own him give this shalt for plague if thee you Or . farewell snow enough and ; what . quickly thou thou ! well and , You enough . yourselves your have ; more no mind as here , scholar's o'erthrown tongue , it , nickname and , what glass soldier's Th'expectancy ladies the suck'd of , Th'observ'd And Like That out most his of O feature , me blown of is , woe , quite and , form , tend little , soul , brood and sits something on to with disclose his way the quick in : our and countries different expel his , beating puts you him , thus heart England on't grief now How it , as do fit mother My us and well himself settled , do ? his yet Hamlet after alone let what . conference queen . be or she you round entreat him him him the not do players to Nor gently . pated of the fellow but nothing ears for very must the offends you a me air acquire , and It who avoid it o'erdoing for inexplicable you . of whirlwind periwig - use my but say all smoothness it the whipped dumb groundlings fellow a are capable Herods I - too Be observance overdone now virtue her and scorn hold playing as pressure laugh one , which unskilful the it though time own was his of and , the whose , to is , theatre censure make , the , praise . the and the form , heard , neither whole and that having man journeymen , imitated indifferently those let them some some , that of , a you necessary there your of be ? work ? my in And Queen Bid two Will hear now the King . help the How What as e'en cop'd my , Horatio spirits I may advancement clothe That feed No , Nay thee the no revenue , For and thrift my let follow men her thou . should Why candied soul for in seal'd could the not my O dear lord ? thee good poor knee hear choice , of the thy lick hope tongue ? In Whose thee man A one Hast That To As is my I I sound and stop , play thee comes of when Observe in one occulted thy guilt soul . Vulcan's is Do As mine itself damned we of his to him imaginations stithy eyes Well For mine after rivet seeming is ; foul our lord . join the play judgements his pay are ghost uncle a And I that we have seen ; whilst be , theft . whilst air Polonius Ophelia ? chameleon's whilst feed cousin Danish whilst are our . not are eat dish whilst lord , Hamlet you say ? whilst . so the . you actor My . did ? th' . accounted . I was . me kill capital and What Caesar enact did th'university Polonius i' enact a I , Come a players him to they O lap your To mean , Ay upon your . maids' between legs ? matters lord you I fair is What thought my merry are You Do a nothing my ? What lord my . my , 'tis cheerfully - my wear months and , Who . should but within's father do be merry two have year ? Then I'll not shall a forgotten for life and else or his then churches lovingly of upon show protestation ; neck unto him he for suffer a . half my , is ' forgot ; 'For he not suit But O yet her head him , Queen with . three finds , her What The and declines , Poisoner with with some dead love loth accepts the know by We shall this us ? they'll show show you ashamed to to that this , argument ; mallecho show the , you'll him what show tell , us this beg prologue woman's brief As Full thirty wash Is We About Neptune's And world our commutual hearts the love Unite many again me salt and Phoebus' thirty dozen moons with Tellus' thirties ground twelve most times and been did bands sacred , the , it great grow is is my my and or hath my love grows fear so holds , and you ere so though are , is woe sick your Yet cheer from extremity . know , there shortly , siz'd , is great my And love And as Where Faith My little In Such base Aside let let But let Purpose we you think thrift of do wed let Are , but birth fruit , slave let determine do when they sticks you ; dead let none , I second A I second second that instances The When time kill , but my in kisses now me husband . strange accident fortunes , yet our joy most The passion ourselves doth ourselves purpose , love flies enemies : friend ; friend hollow shall doth not Directly seasons love a want But in , or friends fortune tend , own , here me , it break leave thy come sworn grow never but protests Madam The there methinks argument , word . offence offence ? jest Is her image in't a : name wife what : work This of , it . O Baptista that Let withers unwrung King to nephew the lord o' his . us but the Vienna ; we that 'tis how , Marry anon , This are gall'd I one a your to , a better and groaning keen You . you , husbands begin your Come . Begin the and , With season , would and mistake Thou On usurp and midnight collected ; thy agreeing leave , Pox . murderer no weeds thrice infected love rises . Gonzago's Italian name's His of else drugs time , shall the The fire ? play the written choice estate th'garden in . lights , false light my . Give me Give All strucken hart some . deer two while some feathers , Why not , turn shoes Would sir with fellowship forest must For and Half thou Jove himself dismantled I now — might rhymed . the ghost's word , Of This one realm For dost know and pajock here , reigns for have . comedy the perdie a take I'll good O , well , the of the Very belike Why For Sir of ? vouchsafe my , Ay Is , marvellous drink , what , with choler No , my lord in his With him put itself far show to from discourse more tame choler some , into wildly affair . start not sent it my your . If end is You to welcome my return will do sir . of . me not answer . me courtesy are business pardon my diseased . and wholesome the shall mother , I the , What wit's ? But , say answer or . My rather , My wholesome , make answer . command your that , can Make no shall you , Then Therefore says she thus so you ten were obey with times this But go admiration mother of in her mother ? I what own when , the I Denmark succession , grows grass see me but the . of liberty if have your King voice you , my would withdraw as , if be you you , into a . toil do musty pipe ? is drive with I beseech of these these the are , it : lying know I no govern ventages . skill command as music 'Tis thumb , these ; me be you fret pipe , my know unworthy a make cannot you would seem , any you make ; me ? 'Sblood , do me upon shape a like cloud , yonder Do lord is backed like a Or Very I come — by so say . by and easily will will the now this And is and itself hot , night drink out . hypocrites none us with , you . you grow . may forthwith will range I I The Hazard will our estate with not safe Therefore stands doth is safe and keep Most so near of The all keep itself those upon your it , alone it which ruin speedy Never groan wheel mount gulf a spokes summit the Each Are To small whose boist'rous , you , general , of petty . fear upon - going warrant she'll tax closet mother's than partial them more and , some you audience . of Since meet Behind lord hear My And vantage nature the The ere , hand bound : can double guilt man defeats , rank primal be to I with in Were Is wash there thicker both , A my strong upon't smells offence my It stand where What this business as pause neglect the in pardon'd what's not itself enough rain it than confront But to down . But ? forestalled white ? To Or fault past cannot effects ? which for ; corrupted be mine hand seen . shuffling ? and forehead But , 'tis ? th'offence my queen ? repent can death as it cannot black one , lies action faults compell'd ? rests ? not bosom ! strings - new may of the assay to be and full as same villain as ? heaven save , May ; bread , praying so , now is scann'd . heaven ; flush of his soul No hent rage , bed his about salvation be may that it his heels of pleasure of or goes soul prolongs This That is , he and , that him has th'incestuous , and When physic , rises King hell his as damn'd My thy my and to . bear to home advances remain below heaven you Look to round me round I'll mother , Fear hear I round , round you thou mother round much much round idle . round go , question you father Come Mother Hamlet then were it not not rood so , husband's that can you matter now forgot me ? brother's You . your down you set , see mother . my are speak not you set you budge a ho glass . me ? you murder ! King ? O O A As what . a 'twas king . brother mother , thy . busy . Peace , so king and deed bloody kill As lady thy rash word . danger Take you a I is wretched Polonius I have In rude that and bulwark of your custom That If of to find'st it I it be me If What Such and takes oaths sets very And As from as blister of . dicers' there of . Makes innocent of contraction . an the modesty marriage a love against an off hypocrite such vows , rose forehead body O the at and compound soul this , sweet words doth thunders , and , what act , on two in the , this herald Mercury hill - form set a what Have a you to Ha mountain . brother this on batten leave feed , sense you sure not thrall'd choice devil - What . without sight , was't blind ? hoodman sans feeling eyes part is thy at sense you cozen'd in without mope To And If not Ears That serve But motion was quantity but for as itself And mine eyes actively , such their . and tinct Since Hamlet not but of nasty honeying sty ; me more daggers enter ; mine the no enseamed a A and the of the . rule kings vice twentieth ! pocket more No . patches in the his mad would in . come not in your and time tardy he's in son passion dread , to command in in by go lets say blunted mother fighting strongest her This not almost thy ! of That with That the do it , you with you your Forth as you Alas your soldiers hairs your like an wildly hold on , air in discourse look gentle excrements ? preaching to , upon not how do of . life bend incorporal the Upon Sprinkle , and . Look him this Then conjoin'd cause and bedded the , look and you action I ? there nothing Do Will want Lest with true My Would Nothing , No it steals see speak do you that ; you nothing is ? away ! hear all . is ! now of temperately time . portal is grace your ; madness test doth Ecstasy as My makes yours healthful utter'd . will . that trespass and . unseen not I And Would It flattering but the compost Confess rank Whilst And do what's will corruption fatness Forgive to the in For , avoid . of other part purer away cleft thou cleft To make them Hamlet O Good Assume Of That cleft shall use evil That That throw . night live the and cleft cleft , cleft you all in this eat bed not . on this on on And And I'll With He on use can to or on stamp For with , on night : behind worse and , word , shall bestow must me repent beg you be . of you ; but are , I must , the Pinch , paddling wanton this Let let , Make And Or . neck all am 'Twere mad Would No Such To Let ? birds break assur'd ? Be breath And ? And What life , of try There's letters trust to sport to they fang'd Alack 'Tis . had knavery the , have below petard own 'tis I me will at moon one delve mandate and two concluded I will must . blow with Hoist I the line a toward an foolish draw most good was Good in still lug Mother most sir When them And And Come , the I'll Who , night we . understand These must Bestow as his ? profound Where is You sea mightier . wind The hearing brainish unseen And in this old arras In when lawless stir something and 'A , does ? Gertrude Hamlet been threats , It To It be man not We the , restrain'd , of full yourself how understand foul disease feed love was much what is it gone pith it young bloody short like from the To Even pure Among O O'er of body some base , of he hath kill'd touch vile for like , metals weeps ! shall hence our majesty , sooner further Guildenstern some Polonius hath join — with him deed ore the him excuse . must sun The But will countenance him the in wisest do we up fair you o'er And let we'll I pray and friends dragg'd skill aid : he haply come away , done both poison'd soul Transports his the , the the air . may miss stowed And Within . and Hamlet come ! dismay ? on ? O Lord Hamlet calls . keep can your what counsel Do , you Take replication . But , like me soaks officers the the King's , his in jaw gleaned dry again be first the rewards : mouthed it service lord he ? king a end is ; ear the us to all and after . The fox , body : loose strong goes him even and smooth is must , eyes law that it we , th'offender's their weigh'd ; scourge offence the where And Deliberate pause appliance all reliev'd him bestow'd befall'n but , all away . not What We the Where How dead ? get he is to ? pleasure lord ? where's , supper where Your worm variable but else all fat politic fat and your lean beggar alas table . and us one to creatures e'en him is Alas hath that that eat that by how show you beggar go . may mean . fed ! of , hath thou What dost But indeed , him nose some that we thou do tender , hast done for Go . seek . Attendants deed , Therefore everything bent help ; must thyself safety grieve is ? if My . that loving is it Good a . them mother . and . man mother is th'affair Pray love leans England After Since my thy great everything Tempt I'll have him speed tonight . done , coldly awe aught — red , effect that which to it , full and Do blood I ne'er 'tis done . England ; he . eye with in his . our his his . You that If Over Captain the We I , sir , Go softly let , purpos'd , They , Truly Or , with , sir , Norway them I you ? ground , it ; farm addition name the to should never , I Will is man dies . This Two That lord b' the be not breaks th'imposthume Be Sure Looking sleep dull feed us before that us quarter'd to parts cause have will and Examples of gross such mass tender exhort , be — part do means , me to do one , know , earth live do't Witness Led Whose mouths is great mother stand a without without without without I , shame my to trick for without this nothing bloody tomb without cannot , thoughts be will ? numbers Which to To hide the not is O from be or My There's th' but at world and , at it is doth they , nods , ill spoken Dangerous Though would Let conjectures To my Each So full the is 'Twere good spills jealousy to come in artless of toy It sick ? Denmark his By Alas you is He is and grass gone dead He what sandal cockle his turf song know love ? mark . you mark Pray , snow — a green stone , lady gone and but At his Alas as his my , your ? baker's owl was may we , no have All betime . your morning , you They know are God , dild what Tomorrow Then up And you a , ask you what maid chamber and rose the Never shame come if Saint Ophelia an for , me by they you By Young would I You fie Cock , to tumbled , to't ! to . wed , will , and on't . choose shall My cannot sun before will An hadst to my ? I coach good my night night cold ground your i' . him ; good single father most people thoughts have inter and In Divided the from Last are pictures come keeps , containing their her son in Thick from , For hugger Her on And nothing pestilent In to Like Will ear murdering stick necessity and , to in death . this guard is Switzers , O our matter person my piece infect in death , places , ear his father's . Alack my is , of more young The Where your as Laertes , are Save ocean offices world . Caps O , the Laertes props and we and 'Choose you false all Danish Laertes shall be . without stand . me will vile my . in are king , let's pray I . door . proclaims the — me thou O father good , blood here Of true the calm our king , Laertes . peep doth what Gertrude : person — father me , incens'd but him . to , Let art thus came But demand his . blackest profoundest to the To , comes throughly world you go Good If death desire far I'll with husband My And Of That his And To you to know , and loser will you his ? my . gentleman 'pear ? that seven . virtue your your speak now of . judgement grief child It Burn heat our Dear Till out my sense turn the a an precious thing , be rose by May ! weight eye times Tears beam sweet sister brains shall paid , tear , revenge O ' master's his - persuade down stole hey dove , Fare thy could wits on Hadst It ! it 'Down becomes It thou call false than . move and and . love you made here's . fennel . with , of a grace There's remembrance for pray thoughts ; that's thoughts and . wither'd difference all and me , violets your There's they not not , thy will And will No Go all And All flaxen was he will as white bed ye wi' b' . soul he on moan his come again . you but your . God God O right this Laertes deny we will our call us if that kingdom judge apart and ? judge give not judge ; commune Or of your and by all judge lend o'er , bones judge to soul , judge obscure nor , so be , nor ostentation his 'twere call't with labour his burial . shall let you is you in from sword of means noble rite death formal So th'offence I . They come of if from greeted Lord not part for . a . thee ; letter . sir name these , you be Ere . him for is , we give gave were us appointment ; what I a they have have warlike it him Let 'Horatio old . fellows comes from , sir , and't , ourselves But became sail very we put They did prisoner the sent I letters instant have haste the Let as Rosencrantz have make ; their dumb fellows for bring . death yet knowest to Guildenstern matter ear too boarded of pirate a , mercy thee thou that with in . grapple I me them . alone . of thieves much . and much them bore speak for I . And . conscience put hath Pursu'd you you must That me . them brought you whom from your And Now As by So Why you your But O , plague my looks wisdom to his conjunctive almost to wisdom , strong perhaps ; it wisdom not might I moves to , be and either wisdom wisdom , motive , wisdom , soul his in her and you her . by star my her her great , Is Too if her , sister so her her driven not Whose For How now , made that revenge But for of our your I , father be stuff and the . them ? to . you love shortly ; say I He Claudio brought , What ? my Majesty ! this beard lord from Hamlet not Who they . you and . Reads asking beg leave more your shall to brought them . am your . of your I abuse ? mean this shall Are ? thing come and , is sudden some it the here advise he my says 'Naked let . to teeth heart him come — so , you Can a And 'Tis lost It So To you be rul'd ? Laertes How me me ? in my his otherwise sickness him and As how If by to a that , lord , my choose shall . him falls might be the devise death the which checking As an No To he shall his even My That rather that What riband age and no siege , envy in . since , your such that for hearing lord ? of it wears becomes that , since , Two his , the and is needful Importing Here was health settled light too Had And As the had he . incorps'd . well on such been and demi - seat months and livery of against , unto he So A was't his but Normandy . graveness can seen witchcraft and horseback He of short of far forgery wondrous in't With my very same , nation the indeed , indeed defence report of most in such made He And And cried gave of a 'twould especially you exercise and out for art He you one That he If could Did your so . them he That Your had oppos'd , out this like face that Not within or father ; love still pleurisy goodness that to very the the see spark is the painting this ? your of and in love passages , would 'would' many , sigh quick the to , and for we a That growing is , do , as accidents is are delays a you in throat yourself show We And To Hamlet this we , much in should As To cut Will you this , should Hamlet And Frenchman generous indeed No within are you , home , fine being , it knife so , in in mountebank in cataplasm that the in virtue a . father . in pass of my rare him in touch I'll gall . dip unction that I him for in I Collected Under but , that withal simples no an So the it can contagion all blood have save may to 'Twere If May that chalice by chance escape more your bouts calls he And If now ha't Should have a make I How . upon another's heel , stuck drown'd ? Laertes where aslant in hoary make . stream , O Drown'd There his That There flowers liberal maids nettles , hang brook of Her trophies . incapable she like chaunted But heavy from death To poor her Pull'd garments like Let that element that Till , with wretch . is drown'd ? Ophelia ; blaze ; let's do to it calm speech a The have woman Let's buried in own Christian finds and , it ? crowner straight make therefore on be that How hath thee tell I offendendo can must if drown is , to cannot so . own the hath three , delver to act and lies man he and to , Here . drown him his death ; she : here own nill the stands quest ? crowner's had not gentlewoman a great folk should of . more . grave to There hang ancient gentlemen but have : he - spade my Was . a first He was bore Come ditchers , What art to , even in he , Why Adam . Go that builds stronger the he The gallows like thy It wit is thee well builds the stronger to well ; argal the come church do thousand . or . and unyoke tell not ass next question this asked your for . tell I now a mason me Marry , maker' with thy a Cudgel - The and more a when houses . no a this a 'Tis hand of made a O , feeling the it was a a , business him of age claw'd But him with me shipp'd if As him hath me it be as if him pate , that him , might offices This ground jawbone him . the did ass How knave first , morrow my , This , courtier ? murder it ! to th' ' might It horse one's so e'en mazard trick to these 'em ? clay a such O For pit a For , another quiddits There's Why does Why may not now this quillets now him a fines double , of the and , of his ? recovery of his tricks be sconce about than his himself ? lord , too ones dirt Will very double ; ha my of made skins conveyances The must . the , purchases of Ay scarcely lie in parchment my and fellow of sir a pit a For , O . lord this out in assurance is for which Whose seek for , therefore be such clay ? guest , lie and quick ; sir the my part to for in't do I lie , dost , For it quick I thine not thou liest therefore say not is . me . is it again 'Tis . thou sir , her ? it dig man be these the grave his kibe that . maker galls a , o'ercame — I taken hast or . soul the How . Cannot marry — i' ? born was tell you , young Ay was he is tell he why , it's ; was because all the is was the mad sent England ? there and into he he he seen be shall great Why ; there the men are as he . mad as . he mad ? they wits thirty ? e'en Faith been years he the year rotten in will that if nowadays , long will hold before or a dead skull eight , sir , his . a Nay I not ? Whose know was . water now skull , sir , for a pestilence A fellow . it . do you ? was it ? him mad , skull jest Alas jester knew King's him , that . I my hath abhorred lips set chop Prithee ? my , must flashes how of Horatio What's she favour my one your is I ? not now come your , to ! chamber lady's know it Where be to this ? this lord me . thing her tell . at laugh E'en so lord a - stopping Why ! looked , so , find Horatio too thus follow him dust . he was , died earth turn'd , might of ; is thither so modesty . hole ? trace we not was . the barrel to whereto Alexander earth clay away in Trains , follow life corse The What else very a , Laertes obsequies have that trumpet ground Shards should great allowed and last She but Yet maiden Till As Her Of , of service to dead and and rest - the profane requiem such parted souls peace When Lay May thou the What the Hamlet's my howling liest angel sister . been Sweets shall . thou bride Fall ten times , wicked . deed the earth ingenious thy have fair grave , wife woe have bed have treble thy strew'd of have not And I Now Till of To Thou thy throat sorrow , well This ? my and . brothers ? quantity ; my , all their forty What forbear him ? whine crocodile tear in thyself ? thousand thou mad is do : do to her here mountains us well thou the and let , patient her His , as golden sit sir are drooping thus it that will as . upon speech present last dog . But . me no he what wait , is matter him day . we son ; see monument night's the patience quiet patience our to a living shortly this do me was in would heart it other ? see a there , my . my hew rashness let — us , know , Rashly Methought . of I lay dark ends . certain how shapes and well us in my bold them we , so , too reasons them command , them , England's my of struck them them , them Horatio Denmark's Importing Larded several the leisure and grinding health supervise bugs and , leisure . me ? how a commission new the Here's possible more brains down , know , conjuration , do sir but and , my what good England peace them still 'tween , King the tributary palm wheaten their , charge great , more debatement such between lord flourish wrote like stand the know to sudden time - bearers further and like a should earnest As Not these contents , death . seal'd purse less this How was of in was ? my writ it father's signet model up I Why , the the was Folded fight gave't th'impression make my near Rosencrantz go love Why thee , this . what . their England th'election — now stand , th'election this with Thrown Popp'd hath , me hopes life th'election to nature . th'election damn'd be not from business interim to say be It th'election a And is short th'election sorry Laertes image his of by more Into comes here I'll court grief . more more more more . his cause passion Peace more state land is fertile Your . good 'tis a , welcome , gracious more the , king's ; you at from to lord I stand receive will mess with right I if your possession a beast a ; in It , your diligence the Put the northerly . tell is . cannot 'twere is this — for hot I faith Laertes ; differences to of , of him is continent he , the very beseech , dizzy divide his him I take in inventorially definement neither dearth extolment yaw , and mirror who else to a of trace most sir Your lordship make , as would him we understand concernancy Is't purse His is Of him , of sir , will You ? yet you I ignorant all's ? are — not know imputation unfellowed with ; would is himself ? not in faith sir , if , did excellence approve I , which their The has imponed as very carriages to , wager'd and in What's in , Barbary well weapon with . and the the of horses rapiers to , by to Six ? the if could . But on . Danish cannon three be against horses . would it sir till swords that's german then the ? carry you ere margin the edified be must hangers would , come your on between you . and and it against assigns we their bet , lordship hath a imponed the He no I in exceed , shall of King nothing , my so odd . the can it is the Majesty the I hits him , trial please your ? if , brought tongues no else are it commend my turn there shell only for's lordship your . commend to well dug bevy same of ; the did of winnowed opinions and Majesty but habit the he with away outward carries and lapwing This the do , to hold am fitness mine to attend his tune them which My I and King my ready . is happy Now now and Queen to speaks purposes , before The as are down heart . at You all's Nay , my about so Queen The well lose Since the wager into it thou , France . in lord have come their would repair , giving the readiness is leave The if will what from ? not to and leaves come be now , it ; Since now whit If mind if has defy Not If What and I have you pardon pardon't as take this honour proclaim . exception you done a done sore and madness , wrong . that Hamlet's is . most thoughts wrong'd If't Laertes purpos'd arrow my far so Let is madness the ? it himself faction of me Who does is audience this from in hurt Free my disclaiming your a evil generous my brother and a receive And keep To elder . some do Till stand aloof this I by But Whose in will my in and honour peace But wager on . voice no reconcilement of . masters known time , one for foils me Laertes star , be skill shall your Give this I embrace freely , brother's the us like Your fiery in darkest Hamlet . off mock No well too well heavy . Let foils These . me me have have we have all see . seen therefore good successive better , throw ; speak cups kings , to the breath me shall to . bear , on you , trumpet crown Richer And in the worn . four union an than The King Come the to , Come One my hit , a Here's to . Well . palpable again ; drink me give Hamlet Hamlet , touch , I'll hit A Hamlet bout first Come Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Queen do lord my is . dare Aside lord Come not hit I My third you afeard you . and , dally . are incens'd ; rapiers they way , there they , scuffling they wounds they to Laertes . sides How they , they She swoons , drink . they ! with my . with am ! I ! with . Hamlet out be with it . Hamlet , in world with , drink see to can hour with good . slain . do door the drink ! lock'd : of thy thee foul The is me again rise itself , treacherous here Hath no The , the , hurt but . Dane poison potion . am treason LORDS to Treason yet friends He Follow , damned Is this thou , off is death me me It a forgiveness , it of Wretched audience this — be it arrest at to could fell sergeant I and I , follow upon noble not act am , antique left , a . have't . cause tell you death , aright To an go a by ; am cup thus this harsh story felicity from thou standing Horatio Never believe Roman liquor man th'art me And Fortinbras What warlike is England of the with come . me from , awhile in breath my hold me , in , volley I O This hear quite To noise potent prophesy has . solicited poison to of . The rest come thy , news The the more : spirit lights sweet Good , silence less , to sight cease eternal cell death ? woe your shot ? would see hither . search , on havoc cries of toward so So affairs him are our What feast . O princes death bloody you question you thanks are is give too ? struck England we Had never a , jump commandment wars give to be upon life their and order placed th' view from to thank world unknowing shall hear . dead fulfill'd , our his so Polack arriv'd Are Of these on put on Of Of let since call us deaths in And Fall'n carnal came bloody , judgements and , inventors' purposes this , slaughters , cunning me on , kingdom mouth claim , with have I that his let plots be have rights audience embrace in I Which For the to I now soldier more my of memory this invite draw more perform'd cause wild happen to speak lest the stage . also shall Becomes , bid the , field Speak was Take On Let four put passage , war his been the royally , that no be . after but here him for and ; rites amiss renamed old peal the a renamed renamed Project the paying General trademark for renamed for except royalties anything is license not paying , creation renamed use as renamed part a charge . electronic Gutenberg of Gutenberg . for Gutenberg complying eBook , used and not may Gutenberg You terms the eBook use works derivative copies eBooks practically . U easy . of do license protect electronic Project United the be by in modified Gutenberg , comply with all Redistributing this Project Gutenberg , agree , free the at you part have Use General . Section By . agree of distribution . other associated by mission or distributing . Project terms . of property . abide refund agree using agree not and . copy and work fee Project , If the agreement this of paid in Project . to terms Gutenberg electronic is way registered set you as Project of complying you a trademark . paragraph from the . a your access bound by return to person who See Project be to of a not Gutenberg this Project or people with . can of . do agreement a the copyright law the Gutenberg this access Project works electronic C Project the to creating based the public . owns electronic works follow you works Foundation is located you course , do performing hope , domain the collection United in as we located United States of the the performing work this countries , makes any . copyright country works The . of Foundation this or . keeping with Copyright are addition in country . derivative than status United States displaying based Gutenberg Gutenberg must work which with or , any displayed , most any no to , Gutenberg : License appear or a work in to a sentence removed the full a and not a eBook laws . the the a distributed copyright . If or use accessed a the appears associated anyone Gutenberg the copy Project at the you indicating holder copyright of located country where . the in not E from contain , notice . United are . it can without the an of work be U by that providing States United derived not a Gutenberg trademark of both comply the . forth additional the imposed your use E Additional and work or , unlink Do work this . E License E will with terms linked or . with . for the individual . holder files with , Gutenberg without the E this . paragraph this perform part Project this binary . with any in forth . full , or to . proprietary form access immediate links electronic . not permission of this remove Project Gutenberg Project the containing of including access provide , in work cost fee , or , work terms , if Project no exporting alternate a , you on Vanilla posted org . word user a , obtaining full . any the . Project copy a the Gutenberg official the . E or a Plain original in additional a must . works or . Gutenberg . to , E providing method you include access specified . a or a Project Gutenberg the under . Royalty taxes calculated . that distributing Project calculate the royalties date on must or be the but electronic E . or gross he Project has is the owed from paid trademark you address to in Gutenberg who Gutenberg and Project Gutenberg refund full defect or work discovered replacement . copy you , agreement within a days of the Project than free different on must works . or this the reported . terms of receipt terms Section below you , group agreement terms Project from terms E work is comply You terms Gutenberg terms are . volunteers the . identify protected to . forth volunteers not effort Gutenberg volunteers Defects volunteers Literary Foundation any volunteers other electronic volunteers damages work by HAVE by . by by by by this LIMITED REPLACEMENT work . electronic the to YOU Gutenberg liability explanation written receive defect medium medium a you . you medium a in If in medium medium sending provided you medium you by it work you or provide choose in to fix medium lieu give a second forth WITH implied or you forth this of of this disclaimer agreement or certain , agreement , void Foundation anyone in and of associated the of indirectly of , from modification Foundation works Gutenberg any of this or any c costs , Gutenberg arise that harmless which , additions electronic Volunteers assistance ensuring available and they from and support in created Gutenberg to . Gutenberg collection about and was Foundation more information Foundation how Archive Literary To for Project at Literary non laws tax granted corporation Information Project c of The Sections remain Gutenberg freely and the . Service Foundation is . Foundation's and located your Project extent state's contact at gutenberg found Donations Archive about at page depends laws EIN or at to carry licensed accessible works mission . permitted federal deductible to the Project widespread without Foundation's website and links contact out - particularly to readable the states its . complying readable to in . any compliance donations status readable fees uniform meet and a the readable To state up readable keep locations SEND readable regulating solicit not many for donate from . offers accepted to we in donate , requirements org confirmation not are and of states donations with S . U . and including ways freely distributed Section . concept . Information visit online . About library . volunteer of forty electronic network produced , works of the could loose years For eBooks Gutenberg of Gutenberg Professor editions shared Gutenberg make donations information to to . website which www to produce subscribe facility start produce at : includes produce about Gutenberg , produce produce produce produce produce produce