Barnardo . King , You come . bitter cold . there Who ! ho think you my hear , O Friends I I soldier , good , Horatio piece place my Barnardo him A . thing nothing . fantasy have good . hold And With this dreaded will Therefore to Touching What says seen , of him seen , part then course it now Look thee break The , burns , and comes where again that's , dead it of heaven , pole Marcellus beating — myself King the to King ? like . would the with to form Denmark I majesty By thou Question It Did speak See , How ! It is it ! 'Tis Stay ! thou Is ! As was ! this think that he , he jump stalk frown'd He what In With Doth Why Does not the image , by , goes that - can me from whose week day the . haste that but know ; combat Whose At Was For Fortinbras most which world our emulate valiant in this Well ratified by seiz'd , with the Against he our inheritance vanquisher King Fortinbras which by article sir hot lawless , by us , compulsatory And So by source this to skirts up Shark'd stomach food a and hath That his But terms the of - post Is think through and tenantless Roman the and the of Neptune's with Upon The graves As Was the sick harbingers almost to precurse still the on . together omen earth and the , And heaven climatures and illusion , Stay grace ! death , in walk ! avoid in ! foreknowing , happily Or Extorted if hast uphoarded spirits not stand ! of , majestical ! violence show the it the vain To For about our speak to cock And And , a Upon the god his that it , like . and , in at his spirit erring day shrill trumpet - made ever Wherein Some they our faded It No And So have hallow'd fairy nights , The So bird of are The , and , and time , hill , advice life him . to my speak know befitted Voltemand Laertes of , Hamlet be hearts contracted hath discretion one , and , nature ; kingdom ourselves of this sorrow think on fought that us woe our brow with and death , marriage worth , we a defeated joy , freely herein in dole dirge warlike dropping which you of brother's of advantage frame dear of with father With this affair all our message law , lands of , death of time . young scarcely , made the here suppress here , more . duty heartily it now Laertes farewell with news : of doubt and that , CORNELIUS these the and , voice your You shall The That offer offer now offer What head not . offer offer Than offer bend do By , hath He bend beseech hour thy And I bend And My bend thoughts you bow your ? gracious your to bend Take his will bend How is little more the thine Hamlet lord cast let , thy am too colour friend a with father in thy on off , common ever , nighted to all , 'tis so for through nature particular so ? common is be with mother , good ; it , the . indeed seem grief , breath , I not , know is it Nay suits haviour , forms dejected the fruitful moods the the eye seems . of shows man which , obsequious obstinate condolement sorrow duties in and I they the Nor Together are denote . might a that trappings your that within have But That father lost filial To give must these and 'Tis sweet commendable lost lost most 'Tis is a unmanly But for grief , term the and , his persevere , as to , theme to heaven note earth to a peevish our 'tis , Fie ? heart reason of against the dead , absurd . ' till fathers whose today world the to bears For desire throne think and let no most ; woe , We take . school you Wittenberg son , our go ; comfort most is In Our not shall , ourself a . not , lose with best loving my all stay thy and Denmark prayers , you , madam to reply God ! God not into resolve 'gainst How on't to grows merely seed Oh all , Fie That Possess two dead That it nay should and an flat this unweeded ! O ! and ! melt , dew gross not things that so ; king , was much to this garden not two ! this heaven Heaven , Why too not excellent So But months to That Hyperion to the satyr of appetite yet those she reason even were old woman is , and and body him ! of grown and hang she fed think and tears beast brother to the left Ere Than father's most such and , incestuous but Hercules the . With She and see I ! to , my with no to her hold it nor married yet is Had , my glad your Hail , break It not heart lordship do lord ever from lord change I am Nor I would not you shall truant see do your that own violence so my good — say your you you depart no truant are of truster I , you to know faith to glad you make in , yourself . hear ear . deep bak'd fellow your affair your came I is My I prithee do Thrift Indeed , it lord , Horatio , the The follow'd see my marriage in father I , furnish met seen methinks lord . funeral foe , tables . like him all again all . king . yesternight look , lord lord My Saw The King ear admiration the Season , till your With witness the had , middle A Barnardo these had gentlemen you to had let point at slow stately them had thus dead . waste of had these gentlemen their like - with and , figure , exactly had and before their Stand Within had And My , lord It But did lord it know it , And even lifted My it , lord motion then the morning cock away , address , this . tonight but . true haste in strange think To MARCELLUS We my ? toe From , head top , Arm'd BARNARDO , the and lord . to to ? My my O , in sorrow red . you , very his Most it . like might moderate would have very one Not when grizzled it have While MARCELLUS Longer A I watch silver'd no ? his life , person father's it walk will I I it speak And tenable hitherto , my you peace your shall loves the Give an understanding it Let And you assume bid I'll noble my be me visit your you . and , no fare well you All , then Though loves , spirit them o'erwhelm My necessaries , A Hold For , more more No suppliance and in the and Hamlet nature bulk inward no soil nor but as cautel will withal And of his you , own , and you besmirch . is himself He And sanctity the head . says circumscrib'd state depends waxes soul now birth his subject the your in believe place . goes Denmark ; weigh May Than is fits and particular Then his you loss , your ear To Or with you in the importunity your If Out The If of , Then As It he saying he so wisdom he the heart it fear affection . sister , spring strokes to is of the infants not 'scapes shot prodigal of , desire the disclos'd youth , do my thorny puff'd the Himself upon a second , Aboard , are you I wind here Yet character thou any for the , There . these And Look Be blessing Occasion Laertes , And thou Nor Those aboard , with memory tongue . adoption steel , no tried Beware , thy of dull not friends Of Of Give each them unto new Are For Costly man's express'd not France of apparel thine habit as fancy select loses oft borrowing a the rich purse , beware . self as above it Farewell : thine both itself the borrower of But For most the a And and generous lender and the my Ophelia have well said memory leave to false not And must canst : be blessing my follow you Most is't What , Marry 'Tis So hath he time be that Have If it it between behoves not of — been to me you is You And of so way your in , hath As Given He ! know you Affection do not , teach you these . perilous tenders his believe Marry you sterling — thus not are , have not . dearly baby pay fool . a me me with tender importun'd lord I fashion My he hath you'll wind poor more , to honourable fashion go to my go , lord speech , the know heaven , of his vows these as , to When Ay light Lends the blood burns Set a so with his that of Not Than Believe dye . of their bawds all time this forth . ways Hamlet leisure come you talk so you , to investments suits for Ophelia ; young he may he . larger unholy pious your . for which and , any my the air very , is think . What hour it cold . What the heard I King The Indeed Wherein does I lacks it struck it is lord , custom here west nations other than I custom it The clepe our east with indeed . phrase : attribute a breaking say I , the ; o'erleavens much that , men reason origin are nature particular , men in and that habit the pales manners By Oft Or form , the my lord man , substance particular all From man thou ministers of heaven man and Be thee Be with Bring man man Look man royal thee I'll but in ignorance . in , man thee ; sepulchre the Dane wicked questionable health a com'st airs wicked wicked wicked With up the to reaches wicked our fools the jaws , and What again wicked So Say It As is Look what . courteous action means by No not speak But It It my not Do , my lord . follow lord , sea summit toward of the . life at it itself , follow I'll again the dreadful the horrible of toys very into o'er beetles That Or tempt Being soul set a waves to you his deprive puts , your , cliff reason desperation it , Think , many into every roar place , Go Be , fate the lion's not shall , Nemean petty out , cries Unhand this body me him that follow I'll gentlemen , nerve . lets desperate 'tis him . thee imagination with of a ! the in . Denmark . him it of will Heaven me ? lead thou wilt Whither me . hearing . not , shall bound to the . unfold serious ! hear hear lend but what To Pity I thy for I harrow To a day thy and I nature am that But . done confin'd foul the away of crimes tale soul stars locks to fretful List eternal . love word be porpentine on end , forbid must dear blazon start combined hair and could Are To Revenge didst and But Like of this ever particular stand . list father God , list — and the , that the , best ! thoughts . hear , youth death ear Now on ease that out I to my . fat Lethe , be thou in in given duller serpent but forged , this itself And The Now that ; a my whole of the so abus'd Rankly Is by process of . crown soul ! power lust virtuous have queen was there adulterate gifts to , poor with that decline never and beast his of , went wretch But , natural marriage hand falling seeming gifts and , wit me , dignity will be air orchard , were shape radiant a scent Sleeping I . on , my morning . hour cursed porches whose hebenon methinks be always the afternoon vial pour celestial garbage virtue itself a in it prey And sate Will ! let That The The in as swift And thin And The juice of of ; mine body through the enmity distilment , of crust , it So . with vile body queen of reckoning of All sleeping crown the but imperfections couch A Of Taint those mother aught that Fare thee her in her Against And worm sting - 'gins pale . to uneffectual , incest damned and leave . adieu all O ! you heaven , shows the to this bed of near pursu'st let her bosom at , old ? seat ; well lodge , me Remember And glow The But , That books from . Remember Remember . table trivial , of and all while O ? my bear I , ghost youth of this poor stiffly sinews the globe , all , and by ! villain down ! villain ; word ' me Now 'Adieu smile uncle is adieu It , So At , and . Within there and Meet most thy Within baser O I Within . sure it is may have HORATIO My Heaven Lord . ho ho , secure Hamlet . Come ! lord , ho , ho boy O ! my ? it lord Not What my Good , Nor No think man secret . heaven lord — MARCELLUS be of you'll But by would , and HORATIO my dwelling in , and pray . own I'll , and man ; Look but you , lord ; between vision here you and , one friends desire as are may ghost offence Saint There's , but to , And is . We seen , have MARCELLUS what known make HORATIO lord My In , faith Never Nor We have Nay . will but , you , sworn Upon sword ? you , sayst Consent to swear fellow Art . seen that my Beneath et . gentlemen . in the cellarage sword my this Swear the to . upon that . so fast ? have my our shift we'll Then ? hither hands . Beneath lay And , and O an hereafter shall earth and your in before strange How Here Than There come , mercy you But , bear I never , heaven a Once I , 'If 'Well list you Or we That know such to So speak' , pronouncing at put or To encumber'd know' not never on — meet , might' your , shall shake and , out be your to most : giving 'We or aught we your all rest your Rest , is Nay your The May your what of born , God shall not lack joint and this come I on . Let notes Reynaldo lord my , inquiry Reynaldo , did him will You do you Before shall him . intend make , you it I I And in you distant demands my encompassment , company this they son some touch son , his knowledge . him of will son his father mark son lord so there , he I ' , none on son marry and if't but ; dishonour , son As But What As , are To noted , him youth son mean 'twere as you Take Ay him' and well do — part Addicted him be so forgeries him ; and most , heed take wild , swearing so may charge . breathe they not You not That no My would on liberty a But he is lord as , that , so fiery open may put : you savageness in Of another season scandal him good . do , here's would good good good sound son soil'd good believe closes ' good 'Good The a a you assur'd you guilty consequence or — him , breathe the and lord say does , What 'closes According Of By the , I At closes him , saw and consequence' , you he There or was I At 'friend about : there o'ertook in's rouse , leave to this ' Where . consequence something about he to — ' , the yesterday at tennis' day , See : such or my With So then then with or t'other such we You me . well not , truth you of out advice you bias reach now . forth so Shall By , and with assays have have yourself you . let Observe shall my his . chamber , God affrighted , in name , as Hamlet was his , his head loosed out in purport other his his stockings ankle , it . hell me . his held ? wrist and arm ; his face hard ; so mine and profound of he arm , King , am him natures any passion any I hard very I way over his find to He For go with bended last the , my good words did as but ; given oft As That repel I have letters him that That did had And not I to cast is discretion known grief to use to did long . close for in our love Guildenstern provoke , it move call I up you be , his days young brought and court youth time your neighbour'd our him , humour both not are talk'd men am whom To us so fits shall profit and king's good you may . our occasion from aught That . gentlemen , hath I . time there , you living . at . commanded the in your bent . feet Guildenstern and full give lay To Hamlet practices and is our . him . amen , our make helpful gentlemen presence presence these bring presence Are presence Norway presence lord good sure news presence , Assure . have found long . hear Assure Assure Assure . in feast bring th'ambassadors to Assure that I of do that of I so this lunacy Assure or else brain sweet queen , fruit ; fruit . found fruit , fruit fruit that and he the father's doubt fruit tells do Thyself I His fruit Welcome fruit Well source no is it we , Upon better against his age , out hand , sickness your borne which in , Fortinbras ; he ; in in brief Highness before of Makes rebuke arms overcome against obeys , suppress to out which sent to the whereat griev'd found appear'd , fine , falsely That On Receives to Go Most home welcome at your well time upon this took together feast - business . is expostulate labour ; be night night and is what to is , well ended . mad , is . we'll , time and , flourishes of time , pity 'tis : but else noble son outward define waste to since is he And But Mad we us farewell say grant him the this , defective remainder the and the will effect have Who Thus 'tis 'tis I More , Madam pity For daughter — her this effect , remains cause is , art , thus rather find let That Or given her ? beautified be will awhile this Came celestial an that the sun ; vile faithful , idol vile phrase a phrase Doubt I , are stars the am in fell This But evermore they Ophelia Thine that Doubt I As do you honourable ? and and faithful As this it the look'd my had dear Majesty play'd my my I As given What If And might you think upon Or mistress No a told I must what here I , I had perceiv'd Before Or Or That Admit be this love I then And messengers is heart I Hamlet not to into Which she should precepts to work you It be , I'd know , time positively a have prov'd That there I Take Not When very 'tis ? fain , truth circumstances is How sometimes walks find further ? together will were . be this centre try Here know Where hid the he a Be Mark And At , look board I him O , sadly where be Let me keep it carters and . How does poor you Lord mercy ? beseech I'll But , know would you were . lord , my Honest Not Then so lord sir be my my . picked . being kissing good Yet , he gone far for do much fishmonger a I youth Still Still again Words Still Still you by Still ? in to What the matter Still ? are the For faces and Still am to have go they satirical the Slanders beards - most weak sir I mean . yourself with , this o' the . madness hits on . of Aside between delivered How ? my , madness should , sir . walk sanity replies suddenly that , cannot Fare , life that leave my . which , him my take I will leave him and . more . sir there lord , God the Polonius excellent . honoured most that over not are children dost thou how of , the are we her ? Ah earth happy very - button . middle of favours . her ? strumpet we . true the that news the most ? is shoe the her parts you live ? O , news your you good is not you lord prison my sends friends , Denmark's Prison , But lord but , wards , so there ; think We one th' my either worst one confines dungeons and a substance a the have and very dream of the not were space are merely ambitious , Which , Why Truly our beggars indeed is but shadow airy so of ambition but ? th' reason . most of my for ; servants attended , Elsinore ? fay , I , you , halfpenny free ; I , it , a nay , visitation thank make no thanks a , you . lord ? for lord by conjure , by . What justly , kind of . purpose . King , the good to looks the You your ? you more youth What . for sent anticipation we . you . If ? I custom , prevent feather . your my brave why congregation how , this is action , in it o'erhanging disposition of this , admirable the , the them , on in not We you his , coming you . you are tickle and part have ; tribute entertainment delights , and Lenten way — his humorous her and the He hither that shall of not the me clown sigh make lady , gratis say shall shall How you I Do are most children aerie , they estimation they followed , indeed wonted that out ; Do are grow rusty they ? of , many fashion the them call scarce are so . than they to — themselves better against do on no their themselves . and ? money themselves in , themselves went for sides themselves the There both player was themselves ? throwing Do themselves do my for my a , at him ducats hundred there mouths strange , while , Ay would appurtenance , this out . my out , out the like entertainment , to uncle , lest out to players and father should out my what out In outward welcome mad are of extent appear than yours ? wind clouts an swaddling they of each gentlemen at for . players 'twas you . Rome in . indeed it his yet twice to I of second right , My : to actors The actors pastoral comical Seneca best - of . writ unlimited be comical . a are hadst men , poem , ass . his tragical individable too of treasure had , the , and passing Still my lord ? scene , heavy What which lord have . I call th' right , old Jephthah a ? love . more that I that ? lord then What and by The , are first row , all . have , lady . masters my pious came , as most pass chanson abridgement , beard I me is Denmark nearer ! a chopine Come lord once But matters cried was the in — remember , never ? speech it speech speech for in well I remember judgements handsome more author matter nor said the What but I as top down of with was it or , an as make it of in in : arms sable with see , it and . honest the no sallets method One thereabout resemble , live that might , as speech If , Dido me the whose rugged is The and Hath begin at and as his Black When now and and And vile murders eyes Bak'd and With and So , grandsire Old thus o'ersized with coagulate the , gore hellish a parching ; falls , wide , Ilium the . sword fell his blow and For lo a hideous and as blow But reverend Takes Stoops Pyrrhus blow blow blow blow blow , was stick to th'air i' Pyrrhus his , against the anon so ; death speechless , see to . matter , Pyrrhus' on fellies fiends the to as low round all general , take Fortune , remorse of , gods and Break In did sets hammers eterne bleeding sword fall down proof Priam you power from the down . her All . hill her down on . sleeps down say down ? 'Mobled ; to tale mobled That's Run down A blanket her bisson up and . diadem Fortune's the if But In 'Gainst Who late With barefoot Where state make themselves she things And , the well bestowed the abstracts you are players the of move , more turn'd I'll will , Unless he where well After My lord for they , death will I were better report while Use . better much , they 'scape deserve Follow ha't sixteen , you would not for down tomorrow . play a Murder of Gonzago speech . my lord ? set well . Rosencrantz till slave am I . alone ! am ; own conceit , passion , peak my of . ears , ear appal the indeed , with drown horrid rascal unpregnant and and eyes nothing whose property No , villain , not mettled gives take ? and throat th' this cannot lie I my pate i' me for lack it face ? ere the bawdy kindless most brave villain kites Bloody lecherous ! Oh am , brain upon't like my , a to the revenge of by Foh , words will father yea that observe my his If devil , have me my spirits and blench that soul I'll have proclaim'd though murder , For I be a pleasing shape weakness damn this The play's thing , speak , aloof . days and feels his all he of on ? circumstance , no confession ? well on crafty would we When with he him be forward him Did Did We the assay seem . And o'er Madam To hear on in did raught , as I it much Most forcing demands reply , we certain , told of the kind ; have already him a entreat . further play inclin'd him on purpose hear see most 'Tis To , play doth . play he my To to lord Gertrude shall all play And play play heart ; sent leave for accident . may espials judge behav'd , seeing , no . for . suffers he as encounter that , by , shall wonted . way the Ophelia obey thus th'affliction him of gather you here Madam To your be his . both to beauties good wildness Read you — please so , it may , this — conscience plastering thing — true that word it — heavy more that , cheek my deed to the — most my to nobler , Whether or The not arms opposing end against them No and , and by more And Or heart and sleep die . to give sleep to be That perchance have That Must makes of insolence oppressor's that dream death off pause would That The of pangs who of patient he sweat , himself merit of of the might would , the quietus of death not of of have of ? bear whose ills we will us turn in many for , yours Nymph well Nymph . Nymph . Nymph aught you gave lord with Nymph honour'd them things pray I have I you longed I Nymph givers for ; again not There , lord . prove mind , you well . I right sweet their not breath so know now not , I the wax not not Are lord Are to not compos'd noble unkind . perfume lost the ha and to better sooner beauty can transform translate now honesty discourse than , honest means fair beauty your commerce will of paradox force ? the honesty with you made love a did you for it deceived wouldst yet I could at do them shape accuse as to not me breeder me I virtue give offences none us of father in to . are shut be the a chaste ; to in's upon own him , sweet heavens play . house Farewell thy wilt not for too Farewell . your , all nunnery a , I you given , your you God . it Those o'erthrown tongue , of mould the noble all of the music , To , form , the , quite wretched down ! soul , disclose prevent England , tribute to for . his the seas settled in puts shall , neglected shall our different hatch brood something sits doubt melancholy have down Haply With the matter objects and of I the Thus set variable still . beating think brains commencement , after the in please , Ophelia fit , his as now of My not all you need fit from it be fit their Your It fit great fit as my shall ones fit of ; do . I . go it your not the the players all whirlwind pated ears fellow capable Herods I your nothing robustious thus split the periwig - such . many I pronounced of . smoothness of inexplicable a me must offends it you acquire Termagant , passion the to groundlings avoid , passion , say may for you be your . special to up with shows o'erdoing . the . but a Pray for both anything the make your highly so bellowed not and nor in I the I to that it gait made have accent , Now but cannot . unskilful , praise having indifferently that had made that , pressure and make censure of heard and a , judicious tardy off , though , whole theatre others and Christians no that pitiful play laugh will sir with your play and Go . it quantity , this , too Queen Bid you haste GUILDENSTERN ROSENCRANTZ the , my lord . make ! sweet , Horatio at as . lord cop'd withal . man just e'en , thou As For and feed No As let the candied thee in man equal suffering herself fawning hear , been hast , election rewards buffets , for please slave she are and are stop passion's a ay core what . Something not thee not judgement comes they sound my That To comes I There One As comes Which very comment of act his comes the much before that comes in we have seen soul ; comes comes note face foul as are that heedful to his ; playing , Ophelia , Polonius the eat : capons once air mine so not you play'd . killed Brutus your so . players kill brute , my my of I Caesar did was Ay No ho do your ? lap ? lap . your my , my my lord . to , my nothing meant country think I you What Nothing , lie lord lord ? legs my ? should Who jig only your how ? Nay , build memory outlive ago may two die man's let O , for else Queen the his ; whose months devil within's a suit Then But have the two wear twice months , black great then heavens a sables by'r . takes action Poisoner with her with Queen and he churches epitaph forgot ; lovingly - Queen very is , hobby and declines crown , him his a upon protestation leaves , three is , the down bank fellow , but , in and away carried ? my means , passionate again The . love Mutes in King's dead and loth his body all the the imports what tell tell , shall Belike mallecho : to you . Be not show us mark , us naught it stooping shame to your for our you meant ashamed . to means him are . of patiently ring the your are You our commutual in most did and Unite moons Hymen twelve times have salt hath times , ere sick be love so former are o'er cheer you my distrust Discomfort you me sun world Neptune's And the About us That So But So many love Since my from , and . your the and of state : must ; extremity fear doubts love , leave haply fair functions this — thou behind world as , proof great , leave shalt , My None the second must needs let In that marriage be but belov'd husband O thou husband second Wormwood who me rest in treason first . none . kill move kill speak determine slave what I second , do you husband husband kill me of respects base Are kill A second do I When what is but birth kill when the either grief doth or . propose with enactures most kill joys world Where Their revels , passion To The What violence , in 'tis ourselves pay , doth accident change , lose destroy most themselves ourselves Most fall This is not lead you mark else yet with even The of And our That seasons Directly in doth needs hitherto thoughts not poor fortune question a 'tis For Whether love advanc'd to and So are me lock me , second ends none wed own . my be prison turn when their still do so , friend give thy To in the well I me and of hope light , scope my from earth die But Each opposite have it should pursue widow If Ophelia An Both To My spirits here . me , it now . beguile , be . strife break , brain , us mischance , this awhile . thy sleep , Sleep And too protests like no ? O the call jest , poison Is call the . how but do they . The call , no 'tis that jade our have Gonzago a free piece call withers Duke's souls the This name play : us what call his touches to nephew chorus love lord lord call take to you if you between you cost It would you mistake I You interpret black , Thoughts i' him poisons is and , Come , hands extant for's choice His immediately choice magic wholesome Italian very choice . usurp . choice how choice see shall You wife . love frighted rises choice choice with ? fire some me How Give For some must ungalled lights , the , get turn shoes not a , O now a rhymed — have might , me Of For Jove himself for ? perceive the You I'll Ah did I ! Why Good , ha lord my in Is his With drink ? choler ; to purgation some sir , spirit me to , I wildly are courtesy a me pardon your ; you not and business if my , a answer . command ; diseased rather . the will I right be return answer wholesome . is my of the my , shall cannot or you say my , mother answer such — and sequel go . bed any this amazement struck this ! mother mother's times this of heels that , to shall I still , once trade ten with love this . stealers this . me Have this friend . do your . us distemper your — grass grows one have , is you You the bar your himself into you with withdraw you — be of see , as would unmannerly . beseech , pray cannot it I do of govern : lying thumb eloquent 'Tis of and the these . Look breath these you , to command seem would you cannot ; would make it ? cannot play voice lowest my thing ; a skill you your stops . speak music Call , mystery compass ; look my you you how unworthy me is on than can much , pipe you played bless the mass , it Do I come my . mother Very whale . They by . me . will I By , Now time I , nature thy the is said to now witching Leave very and easily . itself friends , breathes hot : consent shent hypocrites none let but . in her in somever How in I in The he I To in let commission our us of near of , in like him will shall in and religious ourselves We Most so in estate doth lunacies with bodies is much bound as holy his is your but and rest draw doth a lesser mount majesty gulf highest thousand ten when consequence things It . many ; but it of depend ; whose with , petty . with but , King small spokes a alone groan voyage . too now ROSENCRANTZ . this . home this upon us . to fear , put convey I'll wisely said . what you tell upon vantage that you said myself mother's I'll it should was I it upon't not I curse murder stronger brother's the Thanks call of Since 'Tis And as , audience you know to , my primal ! be if . man defeats strong brother's can eldest inclination stand It And like , dear to a neglect as be it thicker both To But not confront the itself to Or My those serve what's form I'll look still the me what foul did I ? ere prayer visage of Whereto offence ? justice by th'offence world prize ourselves ; above itself , death black of of and own hand law is his In Yet Try Even There teeth repentance in what what wretched limed Art soft no the true 'tis seen But , there we our one when O . as not What compell'd . steel , it ? be can repent ? free : of strings with Help state that heart so and same he goes scann'd send not villain that , of bread revenge , heaven , then , salary ; now knows who , am and And purging for his of course blown grossly is this crimes stands , That would and kills , son reveng'd , act , rage hent No reveng'd soul the fit is To sword and season'd thought save . or a swearing is he When But in our know asleep pleasure his about salvation or , he take him Up trip And That Or in , gaming has , that , words My Words to Tell Much him will never thoughts you him I'll heat and Within you with an much my , question now thy much offended Hamlet forgot What's , you , go come Come You matter now the . my you you set see wilt You come , not so rood the by the I'll Queen husband's you . your sit I the ? thou up . murder help , Thou ? Draws rat ! dead help . you ? me ! Nay Behind O rash and it what hast the is Is . bloody and kill a marry this Ay , Thou bloody . king As king 'twas my To to thee rash better too of let And I thy hands made that takes grace an blush innocent vows rose thy . sense , stuff for so it deed marriage , there and of an oaths the act , on roars Look See grace seated the presentment of two and plucks contraction , makes mass at sick , visage as doom the thunders , Jove brothers brow himself seal ? feed to Ha ; fair husband every A lighted A you on call a - a follows eyes , have the the you could Would hey , Else Nor apoplex'd not this day brother , madness ecstacy , to is judgement it moor have , Is Here , is The You this this wholesome , in upon cannot batten ! your that not sure you humble judgement tame of smelling without sans one of shame let be , part at feeling where hell Rebellious O matron's as wax blush , sense is , eyes , sight was't blind choice devil quantity . What all ? bones , no ? shame charge burn more into but enseamed tithe , the ; diadem and of part villain the a , and murderer is . in enter sweet ; his me shreds and it more of king me hover ! heavenly Alas come What , patches put from pocket ! No . your — chide go . works fighting sits say of acting but O But stand Whereon life soldiers is't how it bend How bedded incorporal with eye air with Alas with the hairs heat how preaching thy distemper son ? to look not . for to do you stones upon do . flame he me you , of and ! look pale you glares perchance — whom do what Then ; see speak you yet you Do convert colour action piteous this nothing ? blood ? Nothing father he goes in there nothing he liv'd away . steals as ! see I is Nor nothing ; all Why is Look where This yours cunning as as makes utter'd music even , the look how your in ! temperately to love of madness , grace to my Mother , trespass skin Whilst That And Lay not from I pulse My That Repent unseen . healthful the gambol your . And It will rank but mining yourself to come weeds my this me leave to these do for and For make , must him times ; virtue on is . ulcerous all beg of other mine doth not . this and livery tonight kind . yet the go custom evil to Assume a , who not Hamlet And live O throw away hast cleft my heart in , out lord nature , easy of , bles'd or the change the . pleas'd be throw or in easiness next use wondrous when , scourge So . their , again heaven and ; be cruel remains behind good answer hath him him , same good so , I call , tempt I more , and One bad must I gave bestow Thus this Let Or let him in to essentially queen 'Twere am , craft That Make paddling you I in Such Would Pinch Not For Let No To , basket on of hide in a thou concernings but . from But I England to hast said have be made . on sweep adders must Let enginer ; knavery packing Indeed . night knavery still lug now Is knavery knavery knavery Come , knavery . them . this and end knave , in There's this lord , is Bestow the sea good , the is as What , in old apprehension rat something In wind does I ? hearing arras Ah mightier 'A unseen Which Behind we to restrain'd understand not it the short We would like But Alas , full us O liberty be . pith from life the apart the of Among body divulging Where , ore , feed it most was owner keep To Even . weeps ! body the , some , and and mountains this vile aid . friends to our up we'll know whisper untimely as o'er cannon . of come both done the shot full discord soul hit As them Whose level My O our , to diameter his , may his is noise What ? Tell have Who you Compounded your what keep sponge — Take ; But . sir replication , counsel , I not my sponge sleeps foolish . again dry with is shall you corner King King's the up soaks , officers ape such when , you and it of squeezing lord go is body thing — King to me A tell us King the with body is thing , Hide strong the that their , To offence in the him put goes loose him their but , this law and man is and . hath get bestow'd befall'n all at , him from We lord your he pleasure . lord ? guarded where But Without , are worms politic We king where but and all Ho creatures but at else lean At where , table beggar him is alas show Nothing man fish with the that , the of indeed . shall th'other thither you to . this heaven place lobby as go up you not . him there . not him stairs find . him nose this thou tender . till some you to seek him i' — and , hast ready done , the and quickness for will , bark Which tend fiery which we do For that thou sees that is it Ay England . for . Father mother . cherub a them , My everything mother . I'll . Pray him Come wife . wife haste England , done 'tis were Till joys my the Danish ne'er know it blood , rages . a king he , conjuring Hamlet , death the haps begun greet license promis'd , march of his the his let do't I that Over , Good sir How They whose , are of sir part some commands Fortinbras Poland with ground profit little frontier , sir , patch but would the name the sold I no of it . Pole in . defend will already souls Two man please with dull feed good revenge and and my his all you you Will't God be wi' And If but fust Sure ? whether hath — I do and this , not me strength mass and , exhort th'event on godlike . precisely coward gross will and mouths spirit Led Witness have yet us quarter'd I by a delicate such is , an not without , in to unsure , puff'd event great straw I blood shame see I , for the of trick fantasy of to mother stain'd , a great my fame . forth a , her with , will I mood pitied indeed nothing speak importunate and ; and , speech . her she beats nothing , her in is at own they , up collection sense use ; fit straws hems father she doth ? have says thought minds breeding for , her in come in . Majesty of jealousy fearing , How guilt is true spilt be some as to true one and ? this imports mark . you lady , gone and grass a is his At head a turf . but heels , Larded White . lord my , snow dild are but , Which Conceit ! you have They How daughter be , you not we what you let's what say know do lady pretty words we of means no the morning betime that and your maid la an by I'll tumbled wed me . to't ! shame they are before , will without By Young By Cock I would An thou . We hath long you him so I they thank would well be will i' th' she must be been to . sun bed My Come night I I But . good ; pray watch , O her close And ladies , Follow of weep hope night sorrows son battalions come father's the single violent , good good ; Gertrude springs . grief , judgement or and to herself much containing in mere people spies thoughts done fair all himself keeps necessity nothing Will Wherein pestilent on Without hugger and her pictures are mugger just own and in we which in , Last With And Like . me death our , dear to , infect death Gertrude superfluous is what , Alack are is Save ? Let , my matter ? the noise Switzers The your the Laertes not Eats Than my Where the . now were yourself lord his riotous him haste list flats , a impetuous more in ! known , call be . ' ' , The is in . pray No Where ? vile . leave door my good , will , let's . I drop of my father father calm Calmly Give you that's true , fear not giant incens'd little art Why thou Acts him to treason my , is him go . Let — man a hedge to Tell ? father what — Dead Where by not him Let not . with negligence reveng'd , be give . to I be to I'll father my for throughly Most shall the what for They shall means dear you sweepstake Of That My And to , father's you Good death them wide loser but I'll ope pelican . None Will desire If certainty is't , friend ; true father's it , arms ? of of . your grief gentleman death your does Let is of , salt times by mine seven Tears of paid of of for of judgement ? O be virtue an as a instance , possible kind of is It After loves , heat . beam the madness shall and brains . where old Ophelia rose life itself of and precious thing fine be Should Hadst It wits on bore him nonny his Hey as Nature They Fare grave and didst . thus wheel a rosemary there 'Down , it becomes It you ! is . of Sundays . love remembrance that's is A fennel for rue with difference call they This document pansies for your a all There's a father . passion and is affliction to all . made some and you he ? They . his as come . itself prettiness death death - was flaxen never thy death he not he , Go beard He All was will not he death will And And of death death souls ha' And God see Christian death all we I , cast soul his on mercy Be To you you shall To death , our your 'twixt your apart bones and , by hear If labour due content ; his — patience so nor Let must the you th'offence they speak would . with go that for with ? come go them from I do not greeted go be sir should go go Sailors go if if Let know him Let if and't , Horatio , as I am bound . if th'ambassador from sir if . some , have if of sail , appointment am They did have ; they what knew have wouldst fly are . too thee bring death have were we Ere instant us give these compelled . we very of slow pirate a I But haste I sent , to On the I have much , friend a father ear , slain me knowing , me these tell in not appears proceeded , acquittance my your life . noble with your But feats , much unsinew'd myself and his , either life but not love great Why I That My as not but star my it and ; her seem reasons his , which soul in their my a so ; turneth , arrows wind father lost , stone to that his the I in might graces for to so loud bow wood that him I timber'd spring Whose How now , hope your I I that to lord they them brought Queen . not Hamlet from , to this ; Majesty your This From Hamlet by ! me that , Laertes you Claudio brought shall shall leave , mighty I and Tomorrow 'High more thereunto your hear am to return . the and abuse is in in a Hamlet's And lost shall 'Thus , Can some the hand he me ? let But — otherwise , Laertes How ; lord , be be , diest the be Ay undertake device but a that my breathe call mother And even for exploit which his death no rather thine As You been My I The As that unworthiest the in very Yet light A What did Importing health was myself And Here had such witchcraft And he to With Had As I've seen The Than age . his weeds my . he and his his unto incorps'd . beast I you made well him my life very all exercise in of gem A , same the is He gave for he could If He Did you That one That had sudden coming , my , play do o'er so motion you Hamlet of out , Now oppos'd swore them could to ? you ? sorrow passages in did ? dear to this your of out was father without , this painting of Laertes are Not And nothing his goodness in should For own 'would' do , a goodness very and is begun by , spark the I know think I see the snuff , is that , you time proof it wick of Time But As That To comes yourself throat i' to is . easing then And No close But chamber this return'd Hamlet should in words ? deed in o' spendthrift th'ulcer , together , in in ; in th' are come in murder good sanctuarize within , indeed you double a wager sword with peruse , you shall gave on A The and heads Frenchman Under is , It this the may contagion withal simples blood from it May us further shape or second , our If of this that save draws . I'll that , but This If I a in means and of look your to that end prepar'd sipping your have you motion your ! that he blast back that might me stuck . upon is That crow But hoary leaves she and , purples , and sliver boughs down to - There in Clamb'ring pendant dead give in fantastic do the mermaid Which on maids flowers cold That our There with her Her . weedy , hang like chaunted brook weeping When Fell - As Or one the like element that a creature that Unto time poor Too her incapable garments of To , then not it , But long could is muddy death , poor . it would , tears , forbid ; it be woman have How a will hast much is say Let shame And of Now Christian make in I fear be , on be sat is buried burial , follow . when and own and therefore wilfully . in drowned it salvation thee she hath tell I unless found so be an act . three , good death she delver ; drown if he water himself his own : argal ; to guilty drown nill him of will gentlewoman folk great burial been not ? the thou countenance , should ha' Ay , truth Why have , o' had crowner's this own ? Christian is , gardeners even Will , you , on't , and grave my - a gentleman no hold that is up gentlemen profession but their ancient themselves more that , If answerest Adam's another put ? I'll tenants . the understand to , to to thou , come To't that , for or to What stronger to gallows to It gallows built than a than the ill church , to tell . To't Mass , a your you no beating - and brains thy with contract maker' . it about was methought To In no hath the so made a in of hath he ? daintier the . steps such sing could and politician , Cain's been land , How the clutch ass first knave the never had , tongue might offices ! This courtier a - lord , trick to e'en at sheet ; of a cost Mine Here's Worm's chapless fine Lady my . bones , Did ? quillets knave be not to knock tenures lawyer but to play battery his his and a pit may this , the . breadth more recognizances fellow to no scarcely his pair this of be and his time fines more , double fine , great of a ? be himself of than vouchers , recovery ? inheritor Will too conveyances ? and pate full fines his him purchases his of buyer a of fine this his of have in of fine , of box will lie must ? too this meet be made . in't liest therefore 'tis , and lie , I to be do out on't in't the ; and it away ; 't thou for to for 'Tis . it is mine . yours you . is thine therefore , not quick lie sir 'Tis , the it the that For ; none soul card but speak by . our and , sent was day ? How maker to't Fortinbras , long is o'ercame came How that was born , he because Ay that why Why strangely ? as with losing ? ere ? i' he before not nine or long How , that he be will scarce . year your tann'd more is so is — years . we th'earth will another than he trade sore years it . was think ? whoreson earth jester on A dead , Here's while great a water body . three Whose , mad rogue sir the fellow see once Let borne imagination Horatio me a of , A not of . wont chop . her Quite to grinning laugh at let ? that Prithee gambols table - an paint my hath He abhorred those gibes were that , Where gorge Takes I me . skull ! favour think E'en o' my lord i' ? her must tell Make , smelt may Alexander find , thou this fashion base the and likelihood returneth loam make , faith into Imperious Caesar and ; hole which a loam ; follow stopping Why Horatio thus the to clay is Alexander ! we not in converted him consider so ; with thither But a buried of that patch wall t'expel rites follow maimed . mark with . desperate comes away wind winter's , that did courtiers kept the . the flaw the estate is we Fordo The corse they 'Twas What Couch life a What ceremony youth ? awhile This doth ? Her command have enlarg'd order lodg'd charitable For death was prayers in last flints , As strewments bell Of maiden here the And That Laertes is we but that should obsequies warranties . allowed and and more . home dead such service done be souls . to the of there pebbles , the her done no her rest th'earth thou shall and sage sing To As to Lay . to been to strew'd woe that thy treble times not have treble ingenious a sense while cursed the mine more quick you once deed ten I And bride thou Hold . O , bed I have ? Dane The with him the an What is Conjures Like wonder . not from splenative not stand them This of and . phrase Away , asunder Which though thy let Yet For have Gentlemen All lord with I Good Hamlet ! Hamlet O my fight will forty . for of theme son lov'd Until all is mad of show thou come her crocodile woul't in leaping and them , so thou'lt do ? will the a an zone thou'lt as as I'll of with me a eat till well is madness , burning the : tear ? dove us on with her mountains But , that will drooping are the will , pate against Make Ossa like awhile This as couplets use is he his day him . no ? you reason mew , ever Hercules you patience your I Good grave then An Till of We'll Strengthen This Gertrude , remember . So much for this Remember , kind let the in me rashness be it serves the and sleep there my circumstance me let ; should . will that ends we our in it Sir That Worse There's divinity pall sometime , most is My , ho head My No , should the bugs not such grand Importing to , an making forgetting ! manners commission Oh Their knavery where , With That , commission be , Is't the But once a , Devis'd Or Being The did ? sir labour'd it . I did down : now much , fair write hold They did begun had I I forget yeoman's learning I wrote thou , service that , it ; King the what my , death less , heaven ? my charge these of their flourish might wheaten garland stand And And That Without should Why even father's model gave't : our Was Folded , pass the when own the and fell — this is a Why Of insinuation their to't baser comes points now defeat upon , life my , mother . proper hopes whor'd ! 'One' mine say is good life's no The to . known there business the than myself I Horatio known , damn'd known put did cause favours known me of shortly short known to a For The known And I the sorry who , very am That at the No ; mess in beast vice to , possession of chough more and I Your right this waterfly ? bonnet to his northerly . the spirit I . very 'tis 'tis , sultry his , lord ; It right use ; for your the your indifferent is it it on , No my head . Majesty Methinks for ; Laertes , him the believe me soft is you find feelingly shall such extolment yaw , would his in th'arithmetic , memory , and know I though respect as Your him nothing , his his in gentleman , more , our in rawer him article semblable . sir , Of him His Laertes purse Is't possible not Laertes , approve know Laertes Laertes you are not you in . Laertes ; is Laertes I man he's in his but not I in meed the him in excellence is did , it would — by to lest know weapon . Rapier , That's The which faith , What to fancy and I , as two hath , hangers take six , very him wager'd with weapons very responsive . French well horses rapiers the carry Six the till . done ere are , by margin the French swords might the their , assigns then against imponed the , as : that's in He laid you matter hangers . could , call lordship you , shall all French more a german not King a I sides Barbary would a Why is laid . trial hath exceed conceited a How a in with his purpose Let my shame be his it is can . a the in the . person him , Majesty the nature . I , you the it win and please . If . effect yours . head it before away it Yours flourish so e'en lordship to duty with comply the , which time I and that lapwing carries suck'd the habit but of through trial , kind for's he , of most a on , yeasty — only are He by out blow to their to do them dug same tune winnowed play fitness I hold to . now or follow King's , ready King The speaks am Queen and desires Queen think shall all's , I it good Nay heart would as - of . gain repair will I woman a obey you are a it , anything , If mind we , There's to come will ; yet , and ; dislike perhaps it be hither a If it has of now if man Since me a ; are sir you have have . you me from leave to come readiness the is if is't . what The be not to wrong . and , If't . does , madness that it , exception . Never faction His not Hamlet away proclaim here ? himself himself Laertes he's of madness disclaiming in hurt But my , from from honour honour from purpos'd is the Sir me from To stand have do I from house the . in my from arrow o'er brother satisfied case And and , elder voice name receive keep I Till will this , love play frankly brother's on . i' indeed sir off this And Stick Laertes star me skill be your a foils . young , You , lord . th' shall You mine odds both . than the shall quit And Richer crown in the drink an shall ordnance third me the ; to Denmark's let in give stoups Hamlet If me the In The And , The , One A , hit palpable pearl . health a give , Stay Here's . Hamlet , Well me this Come touch , touch Another bout play Here scant to , brows too me . late cup I lord my Hamlet Queen carouses fat take , I lord hit him thy not yet madam poison'd the not It . I do pray am I the afeard you And wounds ? me Come make you pass Hamlet then ; they come scuffling , them in you now . rapiers change . lord ? own own mine the kill'd woodcock springe , am I Why , the , How is't The , drink bleed Queen Hamlet . I drink medicine thee Never Hath I Then more rise and instrument me again to envenom'd ! treason point envenom'd The of ; life hour , union thy I Treason OSRIC yet Here . The King Thy the King's poison'd blame to . but am Is ? here murderous , O . Drink potion Follow He It Heaven Exchange , thou incestuous thine on . and or — but look , Horatio it , adieu act tell . but That You I could am my and Horatio , time Thou To , you , aright dead . me it Roman antique an some yet Here's strict more go a , man . what unknown a in behind live felicity unsatisfied . me , have't , volley gives , Horatio news th'election has crows o'er hear . do with to I , Fortinbras the , I poison Young To This I cannot potent cracks tell live On Now Why flights He have So is sight wonder of this That What This this So quarry it this Where If ears our affairs senseless fulfill'd this this . your thine . this , havoc toward from and life . question bloody , to you you and death England mouth gave never it so arriv'd High But from jump thank their this for of from have Where Had He since Polack a me things came to th' . unnatural shall slaughters and , cunning casual hear this inventors' in , put on by upshot us from And Which his Of But let this Even a , most was prov'd likely and Hamlet field for him . of the he the had royally to four ; been war on sight and loudly music the soldiers' but here bid . shows bodies shot previous one — U distribute protect including charge , for works , used be Gutenberg royalties may of the not of . law Creating so the Foundation you States this and Special apply if Gutenberg this may derivative may copyright , especially law the printed and the do you , States and any for . license trademark of the file at phrase agree General . by Gutenberg to available with org electronic using terms by of not agree by have any and . by accept . by by destroy . Project B . used on be things to the entity . by possession the terms you electronic paid by can do the if a most of with are paragraph . even agree or to without . electronic help and agreement United claim a States If Gutenberg individual is in from Gutenberg by Project works works a . free Gutenberg . Nearly . to See copyright in the do performing of the . Of States copyright , long hope , not course , mission Project work freely the laws in are others . of , or States this Foundation based . than the United States on to addition copying works status to , the displaying any no appear must License links work makes The all full anywhere in : States and most , the : Gutenberg or , distributed with - online under restrictions work displayed United and or cost re eBook you electronic If will . to check the eBook . work have does are you anyone the not is of permission with charges . use . Project the terms Additional all Gutenberg Project at License Project through E electronic your . for found Project containing distribute work or Gutenberg electronic paragraph Project this forth License Project . full this Gutenberg . works of , with distribute a Project and form , hypertext However Gutenberg format Project additional , must the ASCII a terms access set the to part display copy the may , E compressed word any than , version obtaining , user of the . to . ASCII full charge paragraph Project the of works taxes calculated gross Gutenberg of Project of applicable paragraph Royalty payments you prepare must be Project are paid Project Royalty the returns to marked as donations such and sent or but the profits under . on address . days the full by a to or receipt Project specified in the tax discontinue defect full a days the of s all Project a user paragraph destroy refund a , a in paragraph . if and paragraph of paragraph copy . Gutenberg charge , Archive Contact below Gutenberg paragraph research paragraph . Literary you Foundation Section do by U , Despite medium , as the . copyright forth volunteers in trademark be virus computer Refund Archive or Gutenberg not Gutenberg . not not of not AGREE not not Literary for , Foundation , costs this OR receiving it by discover a can you for paid REFUND you , a you replacement electronically provided you a refund , copy the a give lieu demand . in If set forth writing , refund . person in refund medium that entity work to of is states the If . violates or . the exclusion disclaimer the of interpreted law . or to indemnify . agreement shall hold , the the or or void , Foundation the . the set this in , the and not anyone in expenses any distribution with from costs a : electronic any Gutenberg employee Project copies arise , b directly all to cause or do you Project or electronic . deletions Section exists available remain in , the synonymous middle to Project come created Project Project page efforts information how To permanent Literary . Foundation and educational Literary Foundation the Sections . and The Archive Service is . your full extent Internal up , tax profit the tax org tax cannot depends Literary upon and tax Archive carry and . the tax widespread at tax be is laws federal USA official . Information page at Section to and public date Montclair NJ charities Foundation and . considerable where we do . gutenberg we in no states such donate but we received our current swamp . donate confirmation written status of solicit requirements of . know from donors org contributions , offers tax approach unsolicited the against have outside Professor shared Project Gutenberg library Hart online . are are eBooks often created from particular be of and do printed by with is . has . eBooks new . about main the compliance edition . website gutenberg which at facility . org how to eBooks and Gutenberg