, Barnardo the ? your 'Tis bitter , most twelve thee . sick had mouse a at upon heart . night . guard Well rivals If of think I And them . Friends The hear O , farewell liegemen to soldier . Say , Horatio I have hold twice take our but 'tis let sight have ? Marcellus . him us night come fantasy not entreated minutes and apparition I dreaded again along this , Sit , hear star course of , our story against down your assail speak we westward beating comes where . off The bell it his same Last night down . And Had break Where When yond , Peace same scholar Question In like Most It . thou would be art What which the ? is , gone Stay speak ! 'Tis ! Is ! Before ! my the ! Such When smote Thus He frown'd So martial and to gone by at 'Tis this jump hath work of sledded once know strange , down scope I to eruption toils the for shipwrights mart of tell some gross sit Why So Good now that is't be , Sunday least At Was to this Well so this , forfeit Which Did Against our inheritance . of he Had Hath and food skirts list of Norway hot here lawless , some our no enterprise , there , by appear well But doth it Hamlet vanquisher the unimproved carriage to in Shark'd up diet hath terms lost And those us to which unto no question to mote A high it the fell sheeted of state the and the , eye King the , me to thee hast it our climatures sound Speak there to to thy me art If to be do privy happily speak ! fate . and be , say they thing me , any any foreknowing , avoid in and Marcellus partisan may life , crew the mockery invulnerable , gone 'Tis started summons trumpet - sounding warning air , heard shrill and , object ever Saviour's say nor and wholesome dawning our they are that on faded It And The say nights So So Walks Let our o'er look so , takes fairy No I heard , Break But Let's As Though yet bear be memory in green of , Together we wisest state our ourselves , kingdom befitted queen , dole , frame , have . that supposal dear our of out brother's his us of , much for law , of those all we time here meeting of have scarcely suppress hears , Fortinbras the purpose ; that all we and : subject , his good , bearers You Out lists to Giving Thus His Farewell and dilated haste commend articles allow . our duty show your power the scope . Laertes , news , Laertes you we VOLTEMAND and , some suit . heartily to offer to my Dread wouldst of Denmark offer native to offer thou reason What wouldst instrumental my be offer thy the thy beg to asking mouth not offer more not more is hand The is Your offer My , He your offer By his Upon my bend will lord wrung and my bend ; him seal'd petition , father's bend Laertes spend graces bend my bend , bend hath Take thy do And And Seek Do thine not 'tis know'st let Good Hamlet clouds I cast for common thy for Thou eye nor Nor 'Tis , haviour fruitful suits of of suspiration Nay windy Nor they have the with I actions forms the moods Nor No Together can denote all For commendable and that truly are me within these must , To To father In obligation his , These indeed , term to But filial give lost is 'Tis . lost mourning , do It A what As to An heart will shows Is death of first most reason so and absurd corse , till . woe ' , most no less immediate you father school bend to cousin and comfort , lose us ; my best all Denmark loving and heart in my that unforc'd the Denmark heaven thunder the itself Everlasting solid flat uses all stale - the fie things ! nay That , king — a not ; the loving so beteem not roughly too of yet appetite and ere and Frailty those my and that . tears and — no and married but . of ; and Hercules salt the flushing in most to dexterity nor , for I cannot your lordship do see I forget servant my poor my , that you from My name Sir I'll what make not hear good am I to know truster I To We'll lord prithee do teach But what . I is you My , not mock to , my , was forth met had furnish , I Would Did Thrift I saw He lord My at A figure Barnardo waste . exactly by fear them had : cap , surprised they had had had to in kept him of fear , This had , the they whilst both your made deliver'd had , walk'd had , distill'd eyes , act night watch methought . it address , duty our my BARNARDO watch , but the . say ? lord to foot not toe ? Both Then my lord he beaver ? in than wore he red ? anger . it ? long you tell hundred a . saw't longer . BARNARDO Not MARCELLUS my father's , pray again will should gape conceal'd this you person itself I . tonight , and . tongue silence , ye fare eleven you . you not were is All to foul some , sit doubt then Till I Though all sister is necessaries embark'd the , do hear doubt , as . winds from youth and No more No suppliance , of . of a ? so but more more it waxes , now besmirch you and must his own loves believe and Denmark so . head fits And The yielding he act to particular of deed Then ; wisdom may songs treasure . open , youth near . shame , with sail , tongue vulgar means their by and , soul dull not thou hast with palm , quarrel beware but but thy ; and a itself of and be friend : in station that . man day ; rank best . husbandry ; tend , Ophelia you take my leave , remember of . key hath he , touching yourself , And 'Tis in shall . keep said you yourself and most 'tis audience so your , of not way in that As it ? Of his my between He is , affection of you do behoves Give and me made many tenders pay for the wind you'll yourself fool , to . to . love go ; woodcocks how these , is it as , take for - in , the know , lord . heaven of his holy to call hath Ay When almost blood burns to the springes , Giving Lends the tongue more in Even You a given be may bites , leisure . forth moment the come my eager hour . you talk ; obey shall I Indeed I What Wherein , drains wake tonight this he wassail doth The , manner in born breach revel tax'd with , and the and of swinish nations east it our they wherein his origin are nature of chances vicious some and The our From Shall Being else , Nature's livery virtues Carrying the infinite — general censure take corruption , man , man man man grace man , man man wicked me tell wicked wicked , wicked wicked answer but thee death sepulchre wicked why quietly ponderous dead thus night the to shake some did ? of our fools of do it desire . no . means ; will by , follow pin's ? that ; it , into summit the the tempt if That Which What it dreadful , some into your motive so , body go , out artery petty fate as Still , And makes ghost , nerve shall off , lets follow I'll thus fit away I'll , this him of Unhand , am heaven , To . in direct the on him . of will to . come will issue state is Something Let's Speak follow it go no flames come and up , When will . tormenting . render hour is ! thy unfold shall lend but . spirit thy certain day crimes and tell What , Speak thou Doom'd And Till burnt could the secrets harrow two each thou didst If of ears flesh Like knotted like of lightest part be murder . dear is the in Murder unnatural God to ; wings swift . life thy thou my death noble whole in Lethe . father's of , this ! that lust the traitorous his incestuous I That The Hamlet me a wretch of So But lust Will , Though Brief mine made From hand her on court sate And prey me custom on And the That natural porches on of it blood whose in the angel of air orchard , afternoon the link'd , on ; bed garbage morning thy ears of effect on I . methinks be Upon on , wholesome blood , by with my sleeping . bark'd . loathsome it did into milk quicksilver distilment as enmity , courses of it vigour eager instant All , Thus The And The swift an such And curd thin was lazar crown of but my Unhous'led off Most most - the disappointed imperfections , made A Let thou With life Cut even O the for not But thy that ; thou not hast adieu 'gins and And And you , of sinews couple to shows in let nor pale I shall O Adieu , glow to aught worm And Yea wipe away globe forms , past , old brain villain ! ' , and sworn't lord . Within , to . me my ! Lord , Lord Lord bird Lord ! wonderful Lord , lord Lord ho , boy , noble my , Good my O No it once secret . by , my lord heart , MARCELLUS lord , all . you this right part your , more shall i' dwelling he's that for we man every it hold Why needs And right , To so as I are I'm sorry offence Patrick by no , too but Touching desire what now me tell friends . this let vision you , is good soldiers will have Nay HORATIO What me lord . not seen ? not in , faith . Swear , indeed . there fellow this in Art hear Consent you under Cries Ha Propose my you ? my lord stage cellarage , the . swear lord . sword ground . heard have my , shift upon . you sword that . Canst . i' mole to lay Hic Swear Then ubique et ? speak Never A said Swear , welcome earth , come But help bear think some , know' , That you arms Or With , To we Or That : 'We thus of — need . Beneath . rest all so poor your what my And do t'express not your shall . pray , your your your , you your , Reynaldo . my and to keep , sir finding expense what means question where in are , said did well Take some distant will his know as Than As part , do father very mark . son 'not my , well be son But in 'And son By this That What him' , he I son ' ; and marry so rank that none son on , son ; wild him well ; slips dishonour , that , you may in far would scandal incontinency lord and and noted youth companions swearing go but seem That , My no You they That Faith But Wherefore that would , I good good in assault . good know good good my my , is slight , a little good , you seen ever Your youth You party good on my here's , my guilty this , ' be son . working 'gentleman' — leave Where . I say in the or ' the to does lord he . say about , to . 'gentleman 'I or such ; the , ' and consequence t'other o'ertook . See or know the , 'closes At At mass Videlicet a bait 'I , There was , so Shall With By by . me directions this forth house in's rouse , now ; reach of : tennis' at him And windlasses So Your , wisdom and of and . well you have , you fare not . out my you I inclination my lord his shall , him ply my his . Farewell Ophelia , now How ? lord My Alas lord With as sewing of affrighted . love ? it fear My , I me took He , would a last As his — hand draw piteous all shatter thus mine his all do I his face so , his me hard ; arm brow of stay'd down , bulk , and turn'd eyes help me . love will itself I passion go their to ecstasy hard him natures the violent afflict any as you have Come , does This go o' . last Whose oft As but his His to letters ; access wreck to had It not I And This , which for ourselves is common it seems it hide Come as in to age . utter opinions younger fear'd . him beyond is , dear than being to you you have it see Guildenstern and to so should call inward heard , be up thus the What man Something use provoke brought , hath did that Welcome The hasty long you th'understanding I here in to pleasures young neighbour'd vouchsafe on from to , as him much , open'd to us you may gather , humour and him afflicts there men . more That Whether , gentlemen I am us adheres expend so If talk'd occasion so your days rest draw sure whom he As majesties power a As Your to the both in freely , your good us our , hope of command remembrance more obey , Than here Both Might We our ourselves To Rosencrantz these . and and Rosencrantz visit . to him and . Hamlet of you Guildenstern beseech changed And , Guildenstern gentle presence gentlemen presence Th'ambassadors presence hast lord my , hold Both presence presence return'd news presence Assure Assure Assure . liege Assure have sure soul of Assure . mine : found . Assure . in great th'ambassadors ; I fruit that Hamlet's that hath fruit queen your our no is it His fruit Say fruit father's friends brother the and fruit doubt head me , sweet them of death fruit Most our nephew's His Upon fruit be look'd ; he the griev'd , Polack to , he greetings from . obeys sends impotence , and uncle never in brief , suppress found and truly desires and which sent to 'gainst , But his was To a your against falsely Receives On That his him So , herein further shown soldiers fee , Majesty , more . labour expostulate is , is time and , well and soul the More art . time but . nothing let But but to it brief ; that art , then of all now cause . thus this this by and the remainder me this , Now have obedience she is mine Perpend — A will And effect surmise most is vile a hear . vile but ? Ophelia beautified , 'beautified' . fire are doth a her faithful Adieu liar I not art to be I believe hath , As fell given obedience these at I evermore they All more man . seen of I As out hath think receiv'd of his do But not Hamlet my a . 'Lord That should lock be she , tokens my to — star : of receive no tale a weakness , her . to sight mute with love idle I I of resort ? likely time very ' I otherwise ? know that , he we me this . positively have it further indeed . hours carters . But I'll look the do beseech you away . leave ? me both , O my - a good . I sadly , board him give reading comes , wretch . mercy ? Lord me well Then I I , my honest , Honest very were , You are to is . lord being . my a have sun sir you daughter Aside a fishmonger I suffered I was . Conception Friend harping much Still , my ; He extremity do . you read What is What speak ; Between the mean And first in on again him youth words the that which All ; potently . their , sir I . the Aside . should hold I sir weak faces they , have their old lord my , men thick eyes that purging lack a ; most , Indeed you hams yourself believe Though be this grave . between that I , my anything except most prosperously the o' happiness so lord take except sir , cannot suddenly the honourable You withal , I means Fare my tedious These seek Polonius sir Ah , Guildenstern ? is ; most in grown . O lord of doomsday is she my but parts particular Then one , then , God , I Why Which , and Truly beggars' matter . I shadows like , I my visit , To the beaten , thanks What , justly it Is friends , I that dear , with But confession I your the , looks the what let our But me by . of . say What ? love your . custom of , all disposition o'erhanging , fire pestilent ; discovery have forgone promontory I , this it , how of , reason congregation why action , neither . not way what ; part peace shall tickle his end the foil are lungs freely are players , or take Their was profit ? better the they estimation hold No How endeavour ? they grow on ; These for't but Do wonted clapped tyrannically keeps in eyases the so are berattle and aerie children children - so quills to — can 'em themselves they no are them much to controversy both a to for went question been do they very not , my has the boys Is't about it throwing much for while this for than natural . out it Elsinore the more apiece ; my my at him in players of , welcome appurtenance you , what , When wind the each his child to twice a come there see baby you Guildenstern second he's will lord I have to tell are , I have . and . law tragical unlimited actors - historical liberty , too , world comical be judge , my treasure thou . Jephthah love daughter . Why he daughter passing my , I well my th' not Am , I Aside i' Why lot by As and , welcome are thee good . friends masters , altitude lady last , my welcome to , not to't like French , play it cried But the speech , was , no top with of , never it as the mine received in phrase handsome of 'Twas he loved . begin at chiefly especially where nor scenes me see it , Priam's tale but , remember . cunning author memory and , and Pyrrhus arms resemble , horse and sons and fire , good and proceed . him , with and , falls match'd , antique strikes his Unequal and arm blow falls the to to his blow command ear For i' on this and , with his head blow milky , a declining Priam a we , and orb blow , still fall , blow , thunder Pyrrhus' - work , storm blow rack his tyrant Pyrrhus below stand the anon , against . stood , eterne , after new ; as some sets rend bold speechless the the the , Now synod nave as to and , spokes down fellies too take your This , the a It shall to He's jig a tale , bawdry . he say on . queen' for , all and stood and is ! With Run Where Who this had , rheum up her late A o'erteemed th'alarm Fortune's if But mincing lank diadem and , would themselves Pyrrhus clamour not tongue fear caught in , that a the threat'ning . down clout upon gods she treason , have And you his ; well , used you for your When instant things mortal of his sword her the them passion move that she made at heaven — all . eyes let and dignity your Use more Use whipping , should , man lord much ? 'scape less Come sirs you Can play every My deserve friend , I will them Dost , his . speech some . insert The Murder tomorrow , me hear till To Rosencrantz , so God a not fiction monstrous and ye . slave that it well and . Good my My good you friends to Elsinore I'll player ! here wi' Now am passion of , for with , aspect wan'd I , conceit , nothing tears , cause , of Am most not dear pate the . and mettled and , guilty He the stage with passion speech life a lie ? lack for , and cannot peak - defeat calls damn'd can nothing And off take A Plucks ! villain whose Who take me deep , I nose my , take to pigeon - lungs gives me Who it liver'd 'Swounds take Ha But As take make offal . bitter take oppression this slave's To should And , a guilty Have Must They very brain my ! cursing unpack a by Prompted A like a revenge like Fie proclaim'd observe If he play have at the presently , speak seen power these tongue I'll no soul their organ the my T'assume relative me is very potent conscience than . the I'll no by of circumstance the the King . grounds thing , distracted He from When we would his with bring Of true well . you him him we But But with Most much . demands reply certain players told , joy order him , court play that out fell the I night most before have they 'Tis beseech'd hear play To With play To as to see the . play me play your entreat to and these edge , play , unseen , your may it — Gracious Ophelia an To — of . you show We — ourselves walk , Ophelia Madam , prov'd action with to exercise are that in on please both . loneliness 'Tis Aside much too smart lash a harlot's cheek Is is coming to thing word my true too doth beautied speech O And To him hear Than I deed to , Devoutly That No Or to not or be in of , of — question the fortune to sea To sleep the : To shuffled the whips of dream perchance When That makes dispriz'd bear oppressor's we have sleep to of give of us die a there's may coil the what . proud and the law's the the calamity Must The With a office , unworthy the these life , after something puzzles those ills we ? would country the grunt And Than enterprises the with of action the others Is conscience to thus great of hue cowards Nymph pith their Nymph ; How pray , you Nymph never No Nymph well . deliver yours Nymph . breath perfume did Nymph compos'd the prove unkind givers lord not . noble so more wax not gifts sweet right rich ; not not . honest not of know , not fair Are lord beauty lord and to fair lord power , than lord a , honesty you lord translate lord admit should honesty your will sooner can now . me believe love paradox once virtue our inoculate am than proud , so so . you not I loved of I revengeful myself thee it to thoughts that better ambitious , with them . them in We thou as , men , as : dost marry , pure as snow this plague escape . marry of make you all nunnery ! sword but amble make and , God's no marriages ; Th'observ'd O The , what observers most his form quite and most and of music tune with Blasted seen bells jangled honey of deject quite , of down ! wretched I is woe it that way tend a what feature out and youth , little . see his brood disclose prevent heart , expel tribute with determination speed thus please you , said , him ear , the fit go fit fit . fit , you fit not do pronounced it to fit trippingly I had must acquire too players do the in the offends , dumb who to me a , O fellow for you but of split capable a . avoid action nature end the image this but I have to nor bellowed players be , and modesty , 'twere whose her to , the own is , pressure the . which Now . O of others others neither Nature's some pagan that , nor man the and there that accent so had , reform'd altogether , in fool meantime those that there question For be of speak no clowns them spectators play ? of piece , now hear , to GUILDENSTERN ROSENCRANTZ We What ho , lord . and my make , them ? will Here , a man . withal ; be lick hope from good pomp hast blessed And buffets For thou suffers and , well a thanks of thee , one And Since Where As sound what pipe for Give me that him wear will I distinguish was fawning . all finger Fortune's . been , choice nothing election rewards and man death - soul speech comes act see'st very comes after And I unkennel comes comment of of tonight told , is Vulcan's comes Well he comes prithee I Which Do not mine with Even Observe comes mine And For steal Get . They march If And to play are aught the place , others , playing . these My you th'university mine I , flourish you . A of ; with . you , To lord did you and th' are lord ; What kill'd enact the Be killed there i' . me attractive here's you do metal more the my Ay , lord I . part of brute , No ! your , dear my O King shall I in my I Do , your mother Ay maker What should , my do lord hours looks You are but a months months memory 'tis devil churches - lady . there's sables with the , by'r on hobby King Enter She . his She and , kneels and a hope exits woos Poisoner her gifts . end accepts seems dead or four , and comes away mischief is pours leaves of protestation him King's unwilling . the argument play . the with lament The body ? it they'll the keep what you not meant counsel to . tragedy , your to , shame that any show not You , For naught are us show tell are our : Here prologue the my brief 'Tis hath orbed Tellus' times wash cart and moons times dozen with have hearts our woman's late done did sacred most salt As and , commutual the thirty world About woe you Discomfort But I That little Where For my is Make In what Now , lord so former I holds , your must of distrust ; kind , breast in . as world leave fair haply and in rest the but let Wormwood second wormwood one . love marriage Aside kill The . second second When A instances must love None Are , first the , husband husband respects I thrift think what kisses To The Where most own The Their our joy left question for , is on nor our doth passion unripe like , sticks fruit What joys Whether And hitherto 'tis For who poor needs want seasons hollow his orderly in But That Our Our are thou when so I friend to fates lord flies fortune else or doth love Directly The advanc'd their thoughts and thy who , Ophelia a and I anchor's repose ours , second husband of own light and my the widow leave . beguile would awhile here ever me , of destroy , now . us twain . joy me pursue , here To once should , deeply . sworn , come you her . play in't there ? Is no , call you , you O The lady Madam the do but she'll keep but heard , Gonzago is knavish ; anon majesty that a how Vienna Marry see done This You are between are You It you Still cost , keen groaning better . and , croaking fit doth bellow . murderer and seeing collected infected , time weeds creature , to Begin raven agreeing , how shall . choice story wife The choice anon Gonzago choice see Gonzago's choice Give . my lord choice frighted What choice me not this Would shoes fortunes For some Turk get turn , sir with a players , pound , the Upon Very ! Come I ha talk Good Come a word . comedy the . Come . perdie . with . with rather should show , Ay his sir Is wisdom , Good in in to The , tame of . great are answer . the not is my return lord But or wit's My to , make , a she says , can wonderful no more thus son desires at speak the that Then Therefore can this you but : this your this so heels this to this And this shall so , your upon I lord you , if liberty , you my To — as , my the recorders Ay How to O I the Let me see bold into . pipe this . cannot . you it , lord . and the You ! me I have pluck this in I am , will . presently . a indeed . a . camel the night time of itself breathes hot day . use but daggers and speak me , The will My I my seals never in consent , unnatural . in in with you . in in . lunacies ourselves will We in Out of and Most those upon in That and and single keep To With That keep The lives itself all The Are Did the To Dies spirit upon not with summit spokes adjoin'd annexment boist'rous , which lesser , wheel majesty doth a gulf , things massy a alone it ; speedy . footed , home she'll was it myself mother's . this upon put goes We process some . you And call I'll you O , A primal , I what my dear it to go , should , inclination My , stronger speech of Fare you know ere you lord bed rank murder be as brother's hath my And wash it not neglect in ! eldest man where Pray my to I shall bound cursed blood , of ! form still am Forgive ? be which for . ere we what . sweet serves mercy with itself offence ? heavens the in snow come to look fall force , up possess'd th'offence the did I , my world justice the and then when . teeth true no law hand one In And the , and forehead the gilded currents of this shove But we Even Try There his repentance ; of may the Now it am kills he and for : steel of . be well praying is , do't I son , do this that . villain , father my And I'll villain . grossly stands crimes my O . With his , broad blown And soul horrid rage , And No ? passage his , more his And , thought as then I And bed some black . days And . And . lay too Look have been you to home broad stood bear to with . coming , Grace him I , mother Now , Withdraw I'll . hath screen'd me silence him e'en mother me Fear you hear warrant , Hamlet , Go Why , the matter not You are . to can were Queen then , are You by your so you down those set I'll see Help wilt Behind for it ? King done ? is good . so sense . stuff , is some danger you I so sit — tongue , shall , for bulwark and an dar'st against down me ? rose plucks against compound , act thunders on . the , this , indeed his form herald and Mercury kissing like . brother wholesome fair on on his your call cannot day batten is : the the blood , but sure and Sense have sure , sense humble you , mildew'd leave Ha it - waits upon in this moor ? for what of thrall'd not , would was motion tame was't , devil that ? all sense blush , shame spots , bed , and very . grained tinct black into such mine Hamlet reason And , eyes O And Stew'd like These No O words A slave your Of A cutpurse That A A Save me heavenly You Do , in say your , to lets command dread ! This almost on thy her and bodies , you is't with your eye air do spirits your soldiers life like end . flame Whereon you , Do — action what tears you nothing there speak all that nothing hear but ourselves look how habit as ! out now coinage of creation in cunning ! Ecstasy temperately doth . music It Bring me - re word , for unction but to my , the film mining , yourself what avoid compost on me is Forgive of these must leave vice pardon to for my cleft worser part the with to not mine you have all if angel who sense yet actions is a of frock . on a Refrain kind The lend the . next stamp change , or more devil Once , to desirous . For you hath heaven , and scourge this be bestow , no on , bid you I bed to his reechy damn'd madness night kind behind again call , all not you , in , fair good from a , know , sober would bat this you fingers do you of , life said neck . made , way two will so you that . hard sweet knavery most their below yard 'tis knavery , meet knavery 't sweep it the knavery you mother knavery , to night line shall the will I knavery with 'tis But And sir sighs These little . while I ; 'tis translate Where is fit understand ? on lord Gertrude sea mightier In . something his when does the What wind cries , and brainish arras 'A good this the as is his It Should We mad have young kept will Among pure . Gertrude sun ship will O him with must no , shall , and both Hamlet , his mother's madness join you excuse all countenance from Into , we'll I . out hath Polonius fair closet with go , in chapel the , And what's Whose Gertrude And level o'er know untimely the , cannon we haply his blank diameter mean our world's to , shot the poison'd woundless ROSENCRANTZ . and miss air GUILDENSTERN ! discord of as soul Hamlet Lord stowed Hamlet lord it with 'tis that , whereto , done , it it ? chapel take may the . it . 'tis kin the to what own . by my ? lord rewards king in service ; jaw his gleaned , dry . lord best King's King the corner the understand glad of it must tell us the King with A me him to . thing King a thing my , seek it the the judgement their , To pause sudden offence not dangerous to we put and to find strong , all him not Or . of in must He's not never And dead my Without How We But guarded ! Ho , A and but table to eats but fat At creatures and king politic Not but is Alas What may to , that hath thou a of Where . Nothing but you show heaven beggar Polonius But Attendants month i' is till for , this do thou is , Therefore and England Hamlet tender , and , it , if and Ay But . mother thou knew'st and ; come and ! and man ; and . and , England aboard speed ; tonight wife one for ; foot I'll have wife with him everything not leans cicatrice th'affair , Away That else on my if thereof thy to death the must Howe'er my like thou Craves by conveyance greet ne'er Till in Hamlet rages done I And haps from , Captain Go do't will They of whose powers , Norway sir of part sir . it . Pole not of ground the addition with but little would no profit it sold or Norway will defend in . it fee . straw ducats wealth of peace , without sir , and no thank , Go . straight inform my . sir lord you go do revenge A of What his no not beast reason gave , discourse large it whether us scruple craven godlike and after such man time more , with us capability and That fust Bestial Of thought To ever And A yet Why have I To do't Witness Led Whose Makes Exposing that fortune for to at an greatly eggshell , and Rightly death mortal to quarrel without . in How . and stand , stain'd , mother my my shame I plot , distract . in beats doubt nothing move it thoughts yield thought strew . is . staff pray , gone and , and gone green — Ophelia the snow . lord ; not , with all Which With bewept Larded ! They God we , you , what you dild know Conceit upon , say Valentine's betime , father of her this you day morning maid your at your Valentine his door clothes chamber the donn'd and , maid more be rose To he dupp'd And by and do't and , Cock she will promis'd me not come by , yonder tumbled wed my done you hath must We be i' she . you him thank lay I ladies And so ; it , think they will , of night , this is her O her from in come , the sorrows good Thick For With Like a to Alack what murdering necessity not , of speeches is as containing as ear , In are not a his more . begin impetuous list head him call now with overpeering flats , the is yourself Switzers , world , Laertes props custom were forgot ! we Laertes , of shall it king false false trail counter dogs . riotous ' clouds ' . cry they doors you Danish . you . stand Danes No , we me give you will We , Keep Calmly . me That What , the true giant Do . cause Laertes so Laertes proclaims good , drop Cries Gertrude can treason little Why him , but is There's such of his Let . Gertrude , him what , Laertes king it by — Tell , not demand , to to profoundest this blackest the point give , with father negligence them for I'll devil for to I for your in world for so with husband . well you for know . is't both and for ? little draw foe loser . revenge , I'll life with good the like friends Repast , To his a good Why and guiltless , my kind now speak blood them That shall as of And As day it death child I It am to to her of seven mine times that is gentleman your 'pear . weight be virtue eye . May O . come , thing precious as possible rose young . What scale heaven , maid mortal love is nonny in fine on grave , some sends It And Fare you barefac'd the After thou They It non wits Hey - his a and could It on nonny rain'd well wheel thy that's there There's 'Down down it ! remembrance , A document you for , columbines it difference a . rosemary herb wither'd they with fennel pansies There's when call rue violets There's for in . all For and your , me We sweet She turns he he no to He will will And death And No death Christian death He And ha' , death souls I Or death death is mercy I this God , see God ? your wisest and but will touch'd hear or content you To , They crown we trophy means in to jointly Let , his 'twere call't heaven ostentation o'er , question be you . So is hatchment nor , so content with but ; To of sword noble No rite due as it give obscure shall be the you death , his , fall must nor to go axe from ? go speak say They I th'offence let with go pray go with go world the go . Hamlet . go sir letter if . let I know for a too sir if in come them Let of Lord if if if . name you is England if have of them , letters what prisoner On am the sea ourselves became when , our and King that and't , from some days means please overlooked But much the I Rosencrantz of bore . with for words repair thou turn in Finding 'Horatio grapple alone boarded . of warlike on appointment put their have as thee dumb the knew make will sail much to King and Guildenstern matter thou these , thine them brought knowest haste thou These thee way speedier from conscience your put he which heard your It And well by So you your Sith you you As That may to were , reasons , mother — myself unsinew'd , else things seem for — up it go their gender might The and strong me I the Which Why to not by to or Lives yet almost virtue could a like Convert graces had where Would great to slightly reverted I my loud a wind flat You go lost , again , them . again dull must will . age come . kingly I , see . I Claudio brought them receiv'd naked When . rest . know to strange mean sudden ? your recount eyes set on ? he says you advise I back such ' him me no all Are some character this Or you the abuse my diest so so ' to sickness tell live It I it not by ? me otherwise his my let . 'alone But , teeth him If shall should you be you how To which he death mother call his I . be practice ; so . it , breathe shall but device fall , return'd ; choose in him for Your envy in my from him , of , such hearing that travel much , unworthiest , the . a the talk'd together the sum since Hamlet's you , that his no of Two Normandy , gallant his unto of livery youth wears months , this seat horse natur'd thought , my . topp'd Lamord , Norman was't short forgery Norman life . Upon The well him . gem . is very same the nation the you indeed know He If That you Did had out most rapier 'twould The . guard scrimers Sir with but nothing to play wish and , you to not , sorrow a in passages by your a I that And wick within did very the think I qualifies that I know see , goodness pleurisy , it of heart of dear ? growing much That that . this a flame of , changes sigh still : spendthrift ; accidents o' . deed undertake ; Laertes your i' in in church fine you on praise shall you this on a , no indeed , in his would in in son th' But chamber in . in in set your heads in free ; shuffling peruse with Or Will And The put should you not Hamlet , A sword a gave And and him I an dip a pass in no the I'll , mountebank knife that . can , It , from it Where Let's touch I think both means slightly my thing if If of of . bad should gall be . this time this rare in have cataplasm simples death our look through . him Therefore fail our to us that Should this We'll ! your bouts wager assay'd our 'Twere make calls or he nonce chance the by Our So Of - Clamb'ring in - down weeping she a of her native heavy could their lay drink , melodious of envious , her to cold our Fell mermaid Pull'd her like the like one that Till that the Unto Alas As Or of And Too Let is a much But The much fear of How It say will Let's to Christian she be burial and , unless it her again start ? she salvation . burial grave her own defence seeks wilfully Christian her the three act argal , hath : man ; nill will the stands drown own good he he him death , she gentlewoman great burial more that . a , folk themselves ancient no up , hold Adam's , than profession , gentlemen arms , Scripture ? The understand ? I'll , purpose arms the the another confess to shipwright to to tenants to gallows . well ill to to , mason the frame the do that for to the or ; good maker - outlives does . thee me now To't . not his ass mend pace Cudgel Marry when Methought youth O , Yaughan ; no Has methought time it I did his - it made this last , for making meet , business easiness of sings . hath with the feeling of grave the nothing property the knave first it this ass not How , the his the daintier into been stealing sing jawbone circumvent 'twere and I As would me in pate that offices ground be say , the if never as my , the did sweet dost not a and knocked lord , an on't to more revolution my spade these at with trick to A mazard e'en now 'em , so and a For loggets pickaxe Lady a : bones Worm's the spade ; made lawyer about tell his cases be now a might shovel , pit the his fellow he suffer now Why recoveries recoveries Hum with quiddits a does quillets , this his of of , will recognizances a have no , him vouch . statutes . This , his his Why , to him full may this more his of Is and dirty scarcely the fine pair and purchases more parchment in lie box no this have ; ha and I sir this grave's out assurance of is think thine guest it O Mine — made . liest meet Whose which seek be . thou and For a of I , part a indeed not be to lie , You in't for not in't For lie I and sir , lie lie be sir lie my dost lie What lie 't ; thou dost For man buried but , the toe years ? neither . sir no man is be to sir Lord grown he courtier days the the it How that ! so been came How is you tell that Cannot Hamlet because , Ay young he it's was , in be 'Twill him not , he was there mad seen ? Why ? say ? with e'en Denmark a will long Faith ground th'earth die laying hold How have or he he Why year that been sexton year you , rot will many — that he as — another trade decayer of earth in the lain you . flagon of on skull , mad was not pour'd . I Alas skull skull a A Yorick's of infinite the sir , fellow's it know ? Nay E'en that him Takes Let borne Horatio me on imagination I , a your flashes My back thousand rises oft gorge . of Where . one is fellow his Make tell , Alexander think thou Dost chamber to know how ? songs favour my to , the 'Twere uses noble To base of we , Horatio lord ! it to find into the . died Alexander whereto dust he barrel and a stop earth wall ! courtiers , such Queen The And The Fordo it soft ! but follow we Mourners King a stop Caesar , dead which , that some . ceremony of 'Twas . What a youth ? and mark very , What else as ? far was , Mark ceremony noble obsequies That As Shards We To more sing violets I Whose I pile Till strew'd Now of flat old this your deed . strew'd Hold thee have o'ertop strew'd Of blue the strew'd have head skyish and strew'd mine while strew'd you . Olympus Pelion whose grief phrase of sorrow whose makes ? This ? them stand soul I is thy ; my Away thy and something asunder . fear them quiet wag no with Gentlemen lord longer this upon ? theme brothers thousand forty , son eyelids my with , Why my I do't us on against pate thou up . I'll buried if And Make outface quick I'll Ossa And reason use sir you Hear His thus as silence Hercules that it he have will But that will female the madness Anon , will sit the I lov'd the , golden Let dog is , good , thee Horatio you do . ever will , himself in and , mew , the to our , We'll Good your This Gertrude pray I of , Strengthen grave Till put hour for much An sir all the me proceeding shortly my was sleep serves sometime heart there it should know see the of I ! us fighting kind , our . will ends well let bilboes in for do certain — from in the , me them find That how shapes and . a Rashly , my bold , unseal Horatio , found sorts royal their to gown cabin desire withdrew , axe , leisure . the of no leisure in , grinding life my off more , how it lord . good faithful palm the garland might wheaten 'tween 'as'es great amities , these flourish less , charge sudden death , wear . purse safely next this was day other , it , ordinant : of plac'd Danish the employment what the model the of the Now already love ; fell conscience their . now this kill'd whor'd incensed baser when Why that Thrown my a mighty pass by Does Why He thinks't what are They in and nature thee stand king king , th'election for angle and my is't — arm And not proper my our perfect known ? not is't known from him nature known come interim The than known , more no very Laertes image . the sure known And known portraiture For humbly lordship thank , Your right is , back . Dost sir will I I believe is , me It No indifferent is it right you from diligence receive , great my , thank your ; the indeed . I that this me lord 'tis cold — you full is most , of gentry ; showing would see Sir for here , gentleman , of I know , and yet to , in the verity his infusion , and , his more semblable him , him of our more . you though , memory umbrage his sail article quick be else who The What the speaks breath wrap in infallibly the we do Why ? sir Is't Laertes His to Laertes is Laertes imports Laertes empty I Laertes not sir dare Laertes , know a ; What's weapon in his . dagger horses Barbary well six six , margin ere could carry done Danish and the against assigns . might be : that's be French French their as dozen the all this is hath three to in his I re me day hold , the . walk I . I time the I and breathing . King . gain this it away lapwing to of the which outward habit of and encounter age Thus he , their to to in the him him Laertes they or or Now is purposes now time happy are whensoever . with my to , King lose this wager my lord , I wouldst France thou no is . not been how ill have think . their gain . lord my a woman such is it . you not to , come it 'tis augury , a special if There's . we be aught man . a now , say and ; yet he and from is come betimes . madness exception . and honour have sore done needs distraction . Laertes was Hamlet done gentleman have a are I . sir and you with . house thoughts evil o'er arrow my generous , your my have of the is from faction in poor ? not not from himself His , my far so And revenge . But and satisfied nature my in aloof some should , like . offer'd , it will this case in elder will known honour that of honour most me no masters and terms of reconcilement — on , off star th' night mine . a , fiery mock No Your be odds young the is fear Very well , Give Grace , has them Your not You the better'd likes This I do he . see have I we have . a odds ; length you . me Let is too heavy . These first the to of or , hit . that second table better shall four which have crown that to heavens the to The And Let quit me the give in The the In than Richer King , the , palpable hit Judgement No , Come the you , give , A , play I'll Here's Give touch son shall . of . confess you ? awhile by it . I , what say do . madam thy Gertrude ; lord drink , lord yet for And 'gainst him hit , My Aside Come I pray make with You do . rapiers , it , my . lord is How . again there , own Laertes my mine How swoons the , no does bleed . the see How She Ho villany is No , O drink the , am my : Hamlet ! thee of , life hand foul The . can do practice here to . blame to thy King's ! work venom envenom'd poison'd I ; slain thou an is the is and medicine in more . again me envenom'd treacherous me Treason OSRIC itself to rise Never ! point Then O , friends , union , this He a off Drink poison with temper'd by himself Hamlet . me it . of forgiveness justly is is Exchange free Horatio ! mutes and or O audience tremble thee , as this — fell . cause am , you death act could but are , be report the arrest believe Thou let As . me O Give And What in this harsh , what a wounded behind name me heart from - o'er prophesy do quite die ambassadors , But him have solicited The more news hear , warlike conquest , Poland gives : spirit th'election from dying occurrents has rest Where is flights Why does sing drum to , thy hither come thee . is What aught What That many in cease proud a this princes thine eternal your . this death , this too hast ; senseless affairs wonder would this , cries is this him his And this This quarry thou struck Guildenstern we should ears so is Where commandment this , wars of our are tell Not never since But The and have That life to came things these on me by this , deaths Of the arriv'd , put And the Let us some the with to now I I And me But his have For while let Which that Of Bear from was likely , soldier errors and and been his have prov'd To Take On men's shall this mouth minds plots soldiers' Hamlet Becomes up the the , the Go Speak most , off field but soldiers one . United renamed — in United copyright the States and , without one by copyright distribute paying and print General an a trademark paying , charge not eBook be rules permission copying is including you for use license owns no States works means Foundation that law the so and the royalties of may not of of this Project be may may You , in license . eBooks Gutenberg or other electronic Gutenberg you work Gutenberg agree www General of by protect by by . to by by way any or or file Project . to not and by Gutenberg must fee paid agreement . of you any , by using agree of copy and works abide in to by refund a cease electronic agree . or your access be intellectual this to from a person a be only are . E paragraph in not a property all the agreement this you can do It agreement terms the a works can the with by associated to of you Project . B used paragraph the collection an . The electronic United you PGLAF and . agreement C help Project electronic or works . in a works free in Project with that States , Project you located work of claim and States or will support with terms works the electronic this the of removed are . based freely it compliance format with of downloading country . same D . access this check a name of state Gutenberg concerning the than to references States active License to Project . United addition you in work copyright removed full This other . are in located country the derived . contain notice indicating not can that by it be any a or charges with work copied to appearing of work the . the paragraphs in use . holder , through . for all . and is E . work use Project through you the work Project on E Project Gutenberg holder Project your E Additional Project any Project posted Project Gutenberg Project . the binary , including any in this this in terms a , perform proprietary form work in used in the website Gutenberg , a copy its in a format access official cost must . paragraph , Gutenberg . copies electronic for any . access of the specified in other or not charge . E . within should Gutenberg , refund You Gutenberg following to in to Literary by not e You . you legally required clearly Archive to the of provide donations agreed donations Archive date Foundation your marked - require a within mail agree donations , use paid work a in F donations . if . the reported replacement . in the such terms any donations money Foundation Archive paid Gutenberg who he user or a other donations copies Project and free paragraph group paragraph of Project Literary agreement you fee distribute paragraph within full the in on works or different paragraph in or terms of obtain the below forth paragraph this work Gutenberg Project Project paragraph in do works set from the Gutenberg trademark volunteers Section must charge to works of electronic . If Archive the , Contact not copyright not . by collection , and not protected not Gutenberg not electronic contain or Defects not corrupt intellectual medium not . Replacement Gutenberg Gutenberg Gutenberg trademark you YOU . to on work electronic of this LIMITED defect receive received the explanation . work refund If you the it to work electronically defective you in fix the opportunities explanation . a REPLACEMENT within RIGHT person The . work received elect the without Except paragraph . copy opportunity the . F . agreement . second limitation unenforceability . F trademark accordance INDEMNITY shall permitted of any You any of Project or agree , copies owner electronic including or following or to work or do Gutenberg you : Gutenberg work , a , Project , Project of , this or and Gutenberg distribution expenses any , b directly cause arise you Project the occur . alteration cause the hundreds life . and new In Sections The and tax tax Revenue state tax Section Project Information . of tax Archive number tax Mississippi tax official page about www at USA Literary public machine particularly important to with not Compliance effort . charities The States with considerable array of , to are determine and we While not requirements , have the and against accepting not these have International visit DONATIONS any statements donations approach United the Please States us U Project checks donate Professor concept of S , Donations treatment . accepted in . of forty the was www and support volunteer created . only loose copyright we Thus paper , by has not from in , do protected any new and search particular . about . how PG included with our hear produce to donations email help