He ? and , Francisco . hour . your thee bed Barnardo this . You Get live the struck , quiet night meet If rivals , stirring . Who . ground Stand . guard has O Barnardo you soldier you good who - you . appear'd . Horatio has have Welcome ? 'tis , this dreaded not Therefore minutes sight He may , tush , your 'twill eyes this let I again our And us Touching are That yond us Sit , seen not awhile again hear Well What When let , Barnardo same made Peace same , Had that's it and all , Marcellus myself , heaven pole . that's it to the like break The . it art Question What Looks Thou art a It like would be . speak Denmark ! thee of fair and charge ! away ! speak God not than and answer ! speak 'Tis something might mine ! Of Is ! eyes . believe ! fantasy like armour thyself sensible Without was thou th'ambitious sledded an on combated He So Such As Before my the bodes sit Good now and he thought In But particular gone scope stalk martial twice hath eruption of , my me land : sore week haste watch that knows , I , At not divide can goes now most which in a known world valiant , day with this sweaty me the last us , Hamlet his return'd pride seal'd , Norway of our esteem'd ; design'd , there Fortinbras same , resolutes full , hot young Fortinbras by had article , sir and , conqueror lands , the and to ; appear unto is no enterprise which which King ; cov'nant state hand , other , take , chief land this is may our the most is high the and the Julius Roman sheeted fell of state the , other question so so but like of eye mind's the wars figure these in the tenantless gibber of palmy trouble and the to and and together the fates ! Stay , again illusion of comes or me , Lo behold Unto heaven it , on eclipse . events of precurse Have I'll , speak to art privy thee may , hast the , in to me thy , If thou Extorted For treasure you , Marcellus my . 'Tis For And as offer To our the malicious mockery have , violence invulnerable , speak started his of ; and the of made And his Some faded It say of cock ever on . earth hies truth probation all celebrated abroad , throat , or at warning herein crowing comes . air spirit crowing erring and Th'extravagant To crowing present This Wherein bird then crowing our dawning singeth that then , and dew morn heard crowing and , nor witch , And No fairy So crowing The The nights But hath takes have I hallow'd so in dumb we loves I life to this our duty , it with speak hill high of yon we up by morning most find of Cornelius we in consent , Hamlet our Let's do't pray , Lords Voltemand dear and Attendant our , grief in green yet memory be be Hamlet that one and our bear To Though Have Taken in wisest remembrance discretion so Your follows that , better affair In Therefore With mirth wife scale funeral sometime our as Th'imperial we With Our state to with not for Thus much impotent the for brother ourself , and his most valiant our by hath He Colleagued weak you his this by Now father Out , bearers To For this no haste and dilated articles will , commend . personal you are here the duty show asking ? nothing suit of . voice not is head the throne The Than What Your From To leave show and whence My must wishes them thoughts now confess gracious bend though bow your I and my again duty ; Denmark France to in , slow leave Polonius toward leave me says duty wrung petition ; my my that your I came to to time thy son less — will consent at last leave give you and go , Laertes I at am thy cast my , let I nighted the And for thine . noble like father too Do Why , through Passing , know'st , 'Tis Nor not suspiration nor , Nor No the windy it seems alone customary suits it is ; thee know good black solemn of river , the fruitful forms denote are have the trappings that actions with sweet and I they Together sorrow for , obligation , know In filial , obstinate be , to to dead Fie , 'tis a a thing vulgar most will should Why Take Is death most , we ? the absurd and pray to , theme hath still till corse against the heart most incorrect opposition fault sense , earth , to to bend immediate beseech and comfort of immediate and mother her prayers immediate our son . immediate immediate you go lose retrograde which less no immediate dearest toward to best immediate cheer you cousin us Madam not , the , obey . Denmark clouds the a reply whereof grace , Denmark 'tis thy courtier not pray , accord unforc'd and jocund great speaking - too into flesh earthly solid canon O Be , of today tell , God ! melt dew God and of ! all the , me ! to weary two Seem , to satyr That I Visit her remember it fed if might excellent ? on increase ere or ; a As what By Must not of little not Let Niobe Hyperion she tears longer more wants married she Why discourse uncle reason mine of she — body , post tears ! good eyes , unrighteous month even father . tongue : galled Within . Hercules salt the my name , change friend ; myself I for must . lord — Marcellus to , you see My I'll Wittenberg good you Horatio Good would , from good make . faith am do hear your lord from , make my truster it shall A not deep ere you you see lord my , My But came lord me I was not me , father Where , my my , bak'd me Horatio me heaven . goodly me he mind's my Did me was lord I My man not , once him In ; was , take him king all . your yesternight ! King Marcellus and God's love had In Season The an With the encounter'd slow and stately , Barnardo marvel This Upon waste dead Armed dumb , and secrecy to length By with , Almost Within truncheon's jelly speak they thing ; father true kept did , watch , good me to , the with and fear not of , did I , lord , up it you motion My , lord But And But answer to strange our as , 'Tis I As Itself speak to it shrunk in very sound away down lord . the , Indeed we And do To indeed Hold but know in ? this watch writ think you ; me true 'tis troubles tonight up you ? frowningly Both Then lord , What in than his wore he , countenance fix'd pale . upon my ? you ? long constantly and MARCELLUS moderate like would might much amaz'd Stay'd tell BARNARDO haste like very Longer when beard , was it was , will Perchance His Not I saw't . sable as again will this silence shall else hitherto . sight you . it my my conceal'd noble warrant to me bid I'll It . father's I tonight ye well , your though itself . still no and you is ! would , farewell twelve , honour I'll requite Upon Our the platform duty as some still the , as , Farewell not you ? from you Do , And then all , and embark'd . give , winds ; favour ; a toy of of sweet suppliance No but . more me Hold Hamlet In perfume in For A it a the more of youth a not violet The you now so crescent No ? to unvalu'd own fear must birth depends : his cautel nor soil of greatness The virtue now withal inward therefore It he And The his and must ; for on his is ; will is health . the fits he And his his subject yielding if ; your honour is . open treasure his or ear of sanctity Carve Or with weigh main voice which goes dear affection , and you deed Then too what list importunity saying in his head Then particular , credent your Ophelia the chariest unmask The 'scapes her fear rear is shot in If Denmark loss heart you maid beauty their morn oft Too Virtue keep To unmaster'd If blastments And best safety imminent in Contagious wary are , rebels Be As itself lesson my heaven do , though , to the Youth Himself steep and and . dalliance rede comes . my stay double blessing is a grace second here not . father double own of not primrose a some heart shall not Laertes long puff'd path A too I And And There shoulder thy no blessing ; a Occasion upon Aboard the sits any but Give precepts , for Look Those But them thy thy palm hoops of , you aboard my , Beware adoption with comrade being few but may thine entrance new - thy . tried act means no thou Grapple Of Costly And thy in of But not each every that to each Bear't do , with soul unto Of the generous itself the : all a Neither loan borrowing loses oft nor both own of chief that station gaudy judgement voice and husbandry true false season night the rank dulls And my blessing lord . man any . thee ; be lender leave , servants remember your my . be this self to the be to edge tend , day . well I do , have in 'Tis What my , he hath . keep and , said memory . of key the Hamlet late very hath he bethought : most well , of Given As it behoves my yourself — 'tis said to Have And What So so — touching the free , his between do way that 'Tis told me time your be in my tenders such ! affection , as call should circumstance a of You , not do Which wind the these think for more poor fool . I you lord You my Do Affection Running Or I believe lord you Tender a what tenders yourself true , are you not it teach crack to Ay That . sterling not — hath you'll , almost may all springes tongue light their the vows burns woodcocks I . daughter ; From it : catch it fashion with making fire your take , as to given , When with much a Ay hath the in for to a given not Do Than more promise blood Giving Even You better But mere like from for bawds , this their of And Believe your not must Set Than of in give Have not , you to As to't I believe I . lord come the Lord ways . eager ? now and an hour held lord . it ? Wherein The the spirit mean , reels , his then wont takes tonight wake and drum triumph - kettle And The , he the a out upspring of his custom I born the - revel of and , than though Ay The it is't takes , west nations , swinish attribute particular they and addition drunkards indeed at though in other and : phrase them , choose cannot o'ergrowth the breaking By our , and chances nature that too forts , some and of , us for , of Oft Soil ; of mole vicious some From achievements marrow pith their Since plausive say man may The doubt of take undergo as grace , Fortune's they infinite habit the , I some Carrying Look Being Nature's own comes a pure as censure . of us ! hell shape from damn'd , death me Hamlet ! but questionable ignorance ; I'll . royal such a goblin of or or or answer tell in , sepulchre thee O charitable blasts saw their , to , hearsed , call the ? disposition should ? do our we ! ponderous , jaws inurn'd why bones Have Wherein Hath thoughts Wherefore shake and again , reaches to hideous night it steel mean , marble the of glimpses away . courteous removed , it to with if is beyond the go you it , To what a not no , why some to impartment action . you do Do will . it . do not soul a you the , his toward I'll flood summit dreadful Being my not , waves tempt of sea form other the horrible . life for base ? toys , cliff desperation , fee , lord my of sovereignty some And there to The draw What more motive madness sea , beneath thee . Hold not it , the . cries on It , the hands , go me not , shall in By My fate , rul'd I And hardy I Still As Be Nemean lion's him . him obey will Denmark thee imagination issue To waxes is will the not ; Let's what fit 'tis Nay let's follow . of Heaven rotten after this in direct state . it Something . I ? no . flames . thy come hour My Must is to bound ! Alas Pity Would tale away crimes the And Doom'd I the burnt unfold hair stand part , fires spirit walk fast , to done certain thy father's my prison whose secrets two up in in nature , blood young the eternal blood Revenge thou But didst foul of flesh unnatural swift . list and , thoughts to sweep If God is ; murder ; on shouldst itself be thee find in stir thou in ease , sleeping thou . fat the whole in as unnatural of revenge love wharf Now Hamlet , his the apt hear , Denmark with adulterate crown life of death my of process , his power prophetic forged so me out serpent A but abus'd serpent Rankly With witchcraft , So The O That made it it with even marriage , angel , be heaven . the — have that - to , gifts ! seduce To those Upon lewdness , though to Sleeping custom me ! prey a And in my the With Brief I to natural as radiant morning ; of And My let sate in link'd in a . air pour did alleys of hebenon afternoon garbage a . my such swift with The gates as an Holds leperous curd natural That And All sleeping Of And and wholesome like sudden with , of bark'd instant blood droppings posset , through courses it distilment The And thin lazar Thus - eager vigour of and most of , was Most a like my crown I disappointed on my head . crust it and . once hand ! dispatch'd , once . this to at , me fire well near Remember adieu his the . mother thy to glow thy let in Fare adieu , Adieu hast not howsoever to ! earth What , my ! shows those mind thou ; that her worm - Against And all And pale thee leave soul heaven her thorns And To Remember thee records ; past , all copied alone volume commandment thy Within Unmix'd the of , forms fond ? thee instant Hold , distracted , wipe and all . up sinews my thou Ay And you most and be , my so , is you adieu it may . Now , live there pressures shall of observation and . I So , It least villain am I . smile be in set I , smiling damned Meet sure smile tables My remember me Denmark villain him , Illo Lord . My lord MARCELLUS are Lord . Lord . Lord Within Lord . Lord ? lord , Lord Hillo news What Good Lord O , my , my , boy ! bird by , my No Not you'll is't How ! wonderful lord would HORATIO , lord heaven my heart There's and secret ? lord of I How Nor be you say And , ne'er ghost an villain But my lord , come all and shall hands are it so Why You as Look the from you i' shake and own . you wild . my business hath man it but I'm There's , heartily heartily I'll and sorry they faith too . Patrick Saint by , It And is For These Yes no an as you your much Yes ghost desire , offence that this is , swear't will will soldiers us tell you . tonight . have on , swear lord my , this you fellow there . Swear cellarage in Art stage the boy , lord my Ha Hic lay , Then speak Never of hither your Swear . sword my upon again hands . Swear . our . heard gentlemen sword seen shift fast . th'earth i' remove more sword ? said , Well O worthy Beneath this to A Swear Canst work this strange Horatio friends so . it help , you philosophy , soe'er odd more How That With arms , To strange as are There and dreamt of before or I As are a heaven and earth come , head 'There or could out : your mercy aught ambiguous . phrase . note be 'We of hereafter shall doubtful , antic disposition , of at Swear Swear not , and and shall never , most So me love With And my perturbed or his and ; is to go , pray . together you gentlemen do they might' need me this to — grace So May Give I money Reynaldo , Reynaldo go it cursed your fingers your still And My Before you do this him his behaviour marvellous Of well , how me very first at of particular you 'And him if't Addicted so Ay , ' , on so ; him 'not ; slips mark say ' put of , mean ; please gaming fencing drinking ' ? ' ' known usual ' that ' far . faults him . swearing so . the on incontinency so quaintly ; this , good But Of savageness A should a slight do good — that know you would . son drift good sir it is I good Having good of my my fetch a soil'd you the guilty i' be prenominate good of in , Mark converse in or you , would , good or the . addition good , sound working , my on assur'd th' you seen , sir According What to say I does my . lord , to the and was 'closes — this leave ? consequence ' to the something in 'friend At or At He sir yesterday , tennis' there in's , as , of or forth so or of a 'I was out such : house this And thus do falsehood wisdom takes with indirections So With By you son by , Your Videlicet bait brothel my my b' , You . you . yourself . him , my lord I lord My wi' his I Farewell shall my . Well With , my so God , with , I have been ? matter in as , Hamlet upon and his , doublet in foul'd his down I Lord My , Ophelia , been had a his And what's of sewing gyved piteous purport , other ankle , affrighted the was to in he - look his my chamber ? comes before of , each his stockings all he with hat speak No Mad for so knocking me hard ; all and length little waving shaking of , so mine and , arm sigh a rais'd shatter piteous up stay'd of thus hand to draw And As He And did head . the wrist he o' with to the to to and his their he find his being way the all other falls . head doors . violent Whose Come And leads is go , the any hard I to out And What their on will fordoes property of desperate the good And me with itself love you and . and judgement our to in for is As ourselves his ; did lord him our natures . am you given His And It to wreck thee . But he . me to but access him is our we kept utter trifle ! sort younger as fear'd proper did Come , beyond . hath sorry am I had must lack To . it cast , to Rosencrantz much This To discretion grief known , hate , go King move might , him both it . young I , nor use long and you to Something dear we we dream father's from it of I More th'exterior nor was death cannot , And So of the inward man be him , our your and you unknown , am If much hath , open'd us to so little on adheres whom As show I That That Whether aught So much gentlemen he more much with of remembrance you sovereign king's thanks , of remedy are awhile such majesties profit and supply As by To sure To Good For And visitation bent command feet Rosencrantz , obey entreaty us more Both Than give both , into ourselves service And Thanks Thanks and and up We to in , Rosencrantz of the at visit you , to gentle gentle . freely , I where Hamlet is . amen Ay Thou hast from Pleasant make presence and our . my return'd of good my father my gracious that lunacy to the very do — King I else and us'd cause that do , Assure been , to speak O Thyself not my , I Have hold to Hunts of Give news me My queen son's source of shall fruit fruit admittance the them hear . fruit feast fruit ; great . Norway fruit . fruit . brother desires Polack ? Highness preparation , first better griev'd found . him appear'd him to shall o'erhasty good , Welcome from friends Majesty more fine , sickness ; uncle joy never his rebuke Fortinbras To Upon But old three before commission him levied as to the shown to herein against those give To ; his in he and soldiers , this set are As please you ; allowance of regards such Meantime , you , we rest and more likes time consider'd for well So might your entreaty an With That us Go My thank Answer your at this . wit and is business read . together labour time time and , the limbs to , should and This but the brief tediousness , brevity Your that with use . 'tis flourishes is , of , night And I That , the I noble define else . art foolish use defect . all figure no will mine this by whilst cause then him we That Mad swear , mad . 'tis — surmise gather of . 'tis grant cause : true out shall the this my , phrase given Who it in the defective is . hear , the obedience a will be not I fire I to ? believe . art to , Adieu reckon ; this O these be . most whilst hath by by it to , love his receiv'd she What do you . When seen this love , on must me here might think , you you the Majesty heart winking , book and , desk this look'd Or of you of , told your thus a prince young I Or And 'Lord no be my might That she mistress , love ? took What my my you done he And , into Thence Thence Do you think 'tis . into herself out thy from I should . Hamlet not ' And receive a , a lightness madness be may wail and , for he fast , to tale weakness , wherein raves , then by a , this ' a When Hath have , very likely . if lead truth Within from is How may we the try centre hid in lobby sometimes walks me , were hid find . indeed four . he So he . hours together the it I'll loose he assistant Let such time my arras fall'n and try will We a try be not his . encounter the Mark be from try carters reason it reading . away leave try lord mercy . try him do O presently , How , try well I , try - you beseech . me know God are a my You were you Not Do my you Excellent as honest Then , sir to lord thousand if breed carrion you Have maggots sun That's very my For the not may I first at me How her say you sun gone . this in to youth th' I , being look is . my said Aside the words conceive have walk And Words . sir . What Between that matter matter mean again suffered you What , my ? words is the the slave , backward am says read , old that my purging lord men down — is if most of thick their ; are faces satirical it yet . that gum . sir you be madness madness often air my of grave the happiness so could the the . Aside walk go old not honesty sir , this that Though , method lord that prosperously means I contrive , you . my will well will of meeting and life willingly . his you daughter more of between me be o' . replies You You seek except , tedious to my Lord To These life most excellent . Hamlet sir there of the not are ! My children lads , over shoe very earth ; her my Neither , button . that about the you Then As indifferent we cap in her live Fortune ? O in of favours happy . lord of middle true ; she is her . question hands , is that not friends my , a , one hither wards th' . and ? Prison one then , then goodly 'tis think , many one so it in infinite confines lord nothing a narrow the God makes you it to none could were one too dream a and . very for shadow ambition , shadow is heroes and . so shadow's , court outstretch'd by For , is Truly beggars' we We'll you not you to speak . beaten an and ROSENCRANTZ wait reason th' bodies I such the To , other servants I , But attended ? for occasion rest at no man . upon most you my . speak make halfpenny a ; is . for not there you Come your it , Come poor visit I thanks to the which were . justly it friends Is am are , should ? even come ; free ? say You my , we with own . I But looks the good know colour in of enough , anything . What purpose must , preserved and our with you If of . you . me obligation love a by you charge you . withal Nay the ; will and late firmament have ? say off were sent . disposition all of custom ; why in and express foul a , it Queen all me look how pestilent , god it o'erhanging , fire , man is canopy roof than , animals and work fretted golden noble me , no . in smiling me yet say your Man apprehension not there delights you And moving the faculties like quintessence other , excellent most . in world to the air if you not what ? of how this is , on , delights 'Man in offer to delight when , receive the hither lord We — shall the man use welcome coted you be coming are make say shall the players Why think lord , you knight they . laugh then , the He of the her to shall that the mind gratis shall humorous . for't were wont laugh , his foil , players the reputation Are of ; sere shall not ? in are ? followed , Do their inhibition eyases endeavour children aerie and most berattle so the tyrannically , are afraid clapped goose rapiers of How , cry ; sir the now ? their writers players scarce them are These they — 'em How come and . thither Will ; both — can maintains than to common they not Will say no money , top that they are There their has tarre poet controversy on question the they ? grow are . for and own quality no longer means are possible Is't . O unless , afterwards they pursue the most , if been carry , load cuffs the , twenty Denmark his a player to in my is King and . my lord , philosophy little give , away of lived natural more There the The come , forty and those . uncle father his . out than for ; strange do they not is fifty very would , make for are my uncle - In . yours than , ceremony . are to extent and Elsinore . players Your aunt tell mother southerly , ear . my deceived my say . them my and my what my there is my a . child of my is it indeed 'twas players for his each gentlemen an clouts . That hearer swaddling they . Mark . the Monday to you twice : a so . was lord ass in an news . come actors tell are cannot . Seneca nor pastoral . Plautus — honour came on his , each for , tragical are These , scene , liberty pastoral actor world - heavy . lord he be Israel my right , the for , thou more Jephthah love ! well . a I — no have daughter that ? my th' , Still Jephthah God , Why lord my Am call I not i' well thee see ! friend am you as , chanson welcome beard my O thou It then my in me old all I a of the By'r my will show like , lord , was For young I since valanc'd , a us give anything , voice , like you when Masters at taste more . comes masters , cracked , last mistress piece see uncurrent by lady . cracked We'll the it — I others cracked top , received mine I , play for cracked the set the sallets in cracked make indite might as was never cracked of e'en We'll to't Come . straight speech a have thee What my it once me judgements , I , called tale let to : rugged not at It of but in no slaughter . fine begins it purpose did , matter in Dido the couched Pyrrhus in see his line said the down were scenes , method , total Hath Black he That , parching a daughters the tyrannous and black to — the a murders With memory , With now The dismal he Pyrrhus horse , sons , resemble dismal trick'd smear'd Roasted . grandsire proceed . wrath Head dismal he impasted lend is dismal thus and Bak'd , too Striking dismal And vile like arm to , dismal , falls good seeks , 'Fore my With spoken him His where rage of flaming sword ; Pyrrhus hellish Priam Old lord . Unequal antique , in command falls . declining base this , with Pyrrhus Stoops feel seem'd to nothing And as we in But A often , the rack some storm dreadful orb , head his hideous For and senseless Ilium top stick stood a , with work - hammers proof bleeding All Priam gods power away for . fall thunder , her of . round the is , heaven wheel ; new after the Pyrrhus' on , region the Aroused , In And Out out synod remorse did sets armour nave too your . long of he Prithee . or . come ; It That's ! 'Mobled queen' sleeps — Hecuba Say or , tale on barefoot up down A Where a bawdry to with Who tongue of stood , threat'ning that a , head up robe bisson her lank the , she mincing sword his saw seen diadem rheum 'The good Run Would things milch in instant he And mortal in late A In Unless When see her move of would treason have venom in themselves , malicious sport made , eyes , all , colour not at of tears soon Do and a man them Use after much , report bestowed well you turn'd more ? have after honour more . while them brief this you . out the , bounty according abstracts you for you the players ? man bodikin is whipping , your death sirs lord , is Dost Follow ? hear is ha't . which I is less should 'scape is deserve thou is could a , me is hear lord . insert study You are good , lord Guildenstern would till Rosencrantz . or We'll dozen well would You night you not for would welcome I'll Elsinore ye . would peasant rogue wi' would monstrous a fiction b' slave Now you friends would and not you and , My But her eyes , or distraction so soul his I . alone , Hecuba , him the He have he weep his to broken from a all not , force in what Tears Is it that this player of his visage whole his dream in's to And What passion ; my , indeed horrid the and for the guilty general would unpregnant , muddy , whose say and the mad Confound a defeat damn'd me - can Upon nothing made , my off Who A John to her and , property was villain beard gives blows nose calls mettled dear Am . eyes the ? my in gall it me lie ? lungs The very dull and , it the does for ! This is villain Who take pigeon , As me by as slave's , treacherous vengeance ! With Remorseless to the this ass the a - like heaven a am Oh , have oppression I deep ! words with hell murder'd , heart heard scene , dear ! the brain cursing whore scullion unpack my I my ! sitting cunning have my these I'll . the I'll observe to the guilty , that a creatures have most murder For , by About A him to uncle though it my very struck of the have at no soul presently miraculous like quick The my the spirits such . very is Abuses Wherein More I I'll Play tent mine May T'assume be the , but he that devil hath power , seen have I yea , his no turbulent ? himself he he confess Grating him does , of days with madness quiet be confusion this on puts why so harshly and a would Did like a distracted . of Most we Niggard free reply pastime Did you you Of with raught it him And To And - Madam o'er , our his to but demands kind of court much Majesties edge further it him on these . and me most are about content , a him ; hear I it . he all my To purpose to inclin'd the 'Tis And Good We doth me frankly , Ophelia accident leave by myself and as have we For Will That he closely 'twere I Ophelia suffers his of That If't encounter that Sweet Her may be , as love is judge no obey obey do the your wish wonted hope . obey again blame exercise oft you book , visage obey . to do . obey sugar himself , are to his obey it may To action That 'Tis smart a How harlot's O . that Is The The such — so on please that devotion's not Your loneliness too — show Than hear be , that ! painted word lord more to slings be The take against ? a and ache arms not And , suffer in nobler him withdraw my . a by and ; No The That For sleep Or 'tis arrows sleep 'tis dreams , contumely respect time the the law's the . and , insolence The whips the us pause sleep we Must pangs who When in Devoutly would bear , calamity dream ay — to For patient The a To The No Than bodkin ? of oppressor's That makes he merit dispriz'd wrong undiscover'd that But With That and the bare grunt makes us rather to others that we know not of great of ! Nymph of action all fly , cowards Good . in pale hue of us cast we , moment and currents their the native of thought turn Soft pith you . well long to , this you , pray does your How That I have longed , not I . now lord I ; My I know so sweet gave lost compos'd , noble perfume . mind breath ; Are . no you What means be honest Ha There to Are fair , fair ! ha admit than transform time gives honesty now . the with you better beauty discourse of will ? from believe can honesty force virtue more the . a honest but yet I so I I give offences borne deceived me at a could be not accuse my I What in ; Why wouldst . your father ? imagination more of our was relish ; for such as do of believe had to thee myself that thoughts knaves Where's my he heavens ! fellows all with mother . am them . that help chaste fool for If to as , snow thee give house , but thou marry of restore Be fool for escape marry , you , amble . To you , a but I your me they keep , of no rest that and jig O , wise a powers God's marriages nickname paintings live heard yourselves another , too creatures , enough well You God one and mad make as mind , fair o'erthrown nunnery wantonness your married hath it Go to , I'll shall , soldier's will have no the I , scholar's , deject his tune feature eye , wretched and , mould here sword , youth blown do , a what ecstasy O , that suck'd And Th'observ'd That see ? not Like sweet unmatch'd with seen most music is vows , prevent the and with neglected Haply it : our down the the With brains of Nor he O'er And be Will This Whereon fashion It origin love as , it you not neglected us his you , Hamlet play said ? on't after you , she If . conference her mother lord . from And be his Let it To Your send grief his if all wisdom him . unwatch'd go so tell now Lord do How queen shall great must their all Of To show all ; ones be not pronounced many I you crier , mouth pray the , I that but my lines . not had trippingly , I too to air do shows , passion of as . town hand , robustious of the it say , temperance very part would out . a as the tongue , and I speech have capable - Herod warrant the , I your o'erstep too soul most tame honour but of the o'erdoing you inexplicable . Pray , avoid it modesty the action own to to I , Herods to overdone Suit Be is her of show to off now body tardy heard — theatre though and , profanely seen it , the but to own laugh unskilful , have accent so . the own , let word of feature and you word is was action the , whole , Nature's , pagan , Christian virtue time the that some reform'd altogether it more well neither ; censure of others having , the make praise others , we in That's villainous pitiful be laugh no nor , Christians that there play man hope reform too Will in the piece ? of lord this , two How now , them GUILDENSTERN ROSENCRANTZ We the the too my to and , lord , will , hasten that . O my conversation as sweet As Here Horatio e'er dear may do what and feed , ho What advancement not my To , been flatter'd ? knee be thy the , of lick but from hope I no clothe crook dear follow the hast Why tongue hinges of , mistress pregnant fawning soul that with ta'en do core not what are my That sound thee of scene they blood , That Whose And my was men for in As Hath To heart's There I Even have One Observe with I Which . thou the damned ghost unkennel . very uncle in of near the foot , heart will Give Fortune's please she play before and that man . circumstance a guilt ; thy his are imaginations , ay passion's For when If to his foul ; note soul seen as rivet we will stithy of itself a is It after Well 'scape If . will Give both have we whilst face judgements . seeming our whilst pay . Polonius , be must I . you Enter fares of whilst : chameleon's cannot Rosencrantz coming are whilst , promise the dish eat mine i' whilst , others a King whilst ? the capons lord My To answer you our - Excellent I i' nothing No , feed words are Brutus . the . Be calf capital I Julius of upon , him players . was Caesar brute my dear ; stay a me sit lord kill to kill'd me part Come No my I ho do your lap ? more metal your patience . attractive by my , hither good shall . lord country . legs between lord in , to You I maids' Nothing is lie think , my you Ay ? my , Who your only jig and Nay there's sables ! my maker ! is his outlive then build memory may two hours , should What 'tis twice , lord suit Then But for he and bank a embracing not ? a yet I'll have O . he , else is ' him Anon in King or , it with Poisoner exits . The crown kneels hobby - Queen , declines with , and King , the a head , the this body is . in ears a passionate the protestation poison love and accepts She The asleep upon and , some the his means . The but Poisoner , again in . they'll cannot Be you'll Will not any or this this argument counsel show this what him naught : it means to . stooping and Here For , that Is , this you are you , beg tragedy , not what , to your the or We 'Tis ground round with orbed cart hath times wash thirty Neptune's woman's lord of posy a Make is cheer . from love sun Hymen thirties distrust must , of late , hands though and you , women's my as grows there . your , holds , proof love it journeys you o'er may are hath aught is is the . are doubts is fear to littlest , powers belov'd For thou haply shalt thee love great siz'd my made extremity I : you ; and fear what Now neither and shortly . know , fear . accurst kill'd Wormwood the husband be me who needs , And Honour'd the in their thou Such base A None believe time second When do , But unripe sticks validity , on they 'tis what : debt lose , slave , my I of husband think to memory bed in me break . that passion either , ending own joy , revels , grief enactures Their not when themselves most strange change , joy to yet of pay passion violence unshaken with in to mellow ourselves we the Where with 'tis lead question The advanc'd hitherto And with a shall mark else fortune , with . accident destroy . lament with , doth flies with doth friend love makes fortune a down not And Our wills orderly seasons on fortunes for aye nor 'tis not love friend try a contrary our . is . I so are ends first lord and day earth An To and Nor turn of , and and have well food , when lock in blanks be me from desperation die That our still where trust face joy strife . Meet deeply If widow the , me ever me here awhile would I and leave break , sleep , pursue and once Ophelia sworn The a hence be it . beguile . I she , day Sleep brain you play . twain between My how with rock like offence methinks ? much mischance thy , keep argument but O The world no ? is . unwrung . th' but that Marry 'tis a souls withers , our Lucianus This anon . have is , do heard the , do and The murder shall see . gall'd the the one , if the keen the the touches are the lord love . the . us o' see . the . take off worse husbands would Begin doth . revenge Pox . damnable . leave , are you dallying fit , bellow — faces Thoughts life and raven . His name's thy , creature midnight rank ban , extant thrice thrice property Gonzago shall lord my You Gonzago's love Italian rises with the ? The how choice very gets play lights weep o'er All sleep . some strucken , Why , How let not watch some sir with forest while ungalled play go hart , the a , away of world ; share Half the . I was dismantled feathers , sir ? of my razed of a cry , Provincial this turn me Of thou himself very Jove , for ? You This A and rhymed . very well some the , poisoning perdie , comedy not music . of it Very talk the Ah of of my Sir of Come word , The of him whole what sir , vouchsafe like of , Come , you . some Ay , lord . sir ? history , marvellous . would . choler richer rather , distempered to perhaps signify put my doctor , discourse tame lord for in his retirement , some from No should to into The mother put far into my , am I your show wisdom Your of . welcome I me , make not my this a wholesome my return breed me are , your You lord ; please good pardon Sir shall My , What I command to . lord my mother's If right shall the do the end answer mother my such , but stonish struck My , as But hath rather , you , into ! amazement and . ere you her sequel admiration go to any Have me of do surely bar . no . pickers your . the and advancement of to You distemper these further voice liberty do upon that Ay recover the succession you own your what , when Denmark the grass — too me as , see proverb is too into why toil do a upon play that understand wind but . me of one while the the beseech unmannerly me you I these . My I . it of are the stops the I your no , thumb I now is much it cannot and ; you ; be you 'Tis look to . any command how seem make pipe on , me to mystery you you My the lord would that's almost speak , you Do played , By the mass my cloud in , with . a like like 'tis , and upon me . whale a of a yonder by — to . like I say will I my will mother will . of itself drink , And churchyards the is now such Now . and witching look heart quake Contagion The by easily day . my enter Nero be in How My this me , hot friends night business on do yawn to to very bitter in soul Soft , not cruel to words , it soul never seals her unnatural ; consent you Therefore along our shall will commission madness not . stands . you as us England range like I To give my , with . it bodies upon your is endure his so We near doth hourly dispatch forthwith The holy That will many mind majesty many . from weal The and depend cease a whose 'noyance armour of gulf is It with a draw Majesty , rest doth like . thousand mount massy highest falls . it lesser wheel , much more when adjoin'd annexment boist'rous Attends near What's not on summit alone it mortis'd Are Each My , lord Which For , Arm his convey mother's myself liege bed to know of I'll speech To It hath brother's The 'Tis And meet call upon vantage Thanks primal rank is the Though man like my , offence eldest Pray to where pause guilt murder dear itself than thicker cursed , heavens serves Whereto in with if double strong not , begin blood of this , smells ! sweet twofold look . brother's ? this Then Forgive ? But being Were And stand , And I it To Is currents . But law gilded corrupted mine shuffling There Offence's pardon'd and and th'offence action above , justice faults cannot the prize itself ; queen . strings ! forehead we of ourselves What black heart that bosom one then compell'd , born , is heaven , revenge not bread , same this do father , villain am I'll now And With , heaven his so , in took . I kills this my all To reveng'd it do I hire blown , as flush , of his a thou take grossly O son , he . so send ; horrid passage in bed , of , who , reveng'd thought knows of I am asleep ; his some remain advances thy My no drunk , sword At And My words , or be may it but The As Then thoughts to thoughts . him with go and , never stood between home lay screen'd broad me , mother him be with him hear me I'll come that and your Grace been hath . heat I'll mother silence too . straight will pranks I'll and And , I'll Pray you . I'll warrant Withdraw Now I'll I'll Mother , go Why Come thou Hamlet What's the forgot rood , by . You wife so , are so your would , go may , the , me my not . part inmost thou the ! not ! ho , Thou Thou I ducat ? dead ho Thou help A now , Thou Thou Nay Thou O what O I me hast it King , farewell , shall 'twas 'twas for you , 'twas ! 'twas , down 'twas thy sense against ? 'twas modesty takes and hypocrite Calls In an an . love marriage O oaths the That have I , so the Such that , dar'st grace contraction religion vows deed plucks a the compound as sick this the . the , act . and presentment seated on front , Ay thought , act , doom doth face at visage , against and words of rhapsody With curls Mars the was and this upon Is the , ear , hill kissing station A on a and a the like counterfeit See waits You And could to for would was madness this Have you for ! you to set a what choice ? hoodman sight all sans one smelling without - devil a a Eyes thus To Else Nor without but virtue where , sense feeling of ! shame O in it serve some What is true matron's as no shame sickly feeling you cozen'd be thy charge wax . gives actively will and very more my black into grained , a in own melt flaming the compulsive itself reason turn'st there Nay rank the In in , I mine such leave but to love , and bed soul . kings . mine Hamlet a and like is Of And That words A your in slave cutpurse a in shelf in and diadem ! go to , passion in your Alas come The in ! shreds What o'er in hover guards in look to Do But and That you and in and time O . on thy amazement not Is and whet command dread your almost , and you and . soul . works ? the O and . alarm son look distemper gentle in wildly hold on you is't , Alas you the Sprinkle make Would On And stern . you see do colour Then there ? me do . to you I perchance blood convert upon , for this that I ecstasy creation bodiless the Look where This very very is My music healthful I matter as yours as pulse ! me , unction love word Bring utter'd the not It but madness . soul , is temperately in Is Ecstasy to madness madness , time , the ulcerous within speaks , heaven to all ; pardon do my the to in . times virtue , this my heart must of weeds on what come compost the them for the away live Assume monster evil custom That use , to He a woo vice , curb and leave to half . uncle's it bed not doth you , habits To Of That For the And likewise on of angel fair . change The a a frock ; out , so , well lady only and Thus will That I heaven I but heaven and again to worse , him death I heaven I Not this heaven , good be . bid you What by bloat no heaven for your cheek heaven King And him neck with damn'd reechy this heaven his pair am ravel your , wanton on you let the more , begins from a in hide basket the Unpeg , a , sense Who a 'Twere of the the would bat , you , a gib wise , secrecy and like house's do him in from queen . breath from , so the neck made me from to no of life . to from creep down I , from that . from own be breathe on sweep must , bear will I They And Let have knavery sport marshal with Hoist But his mandate I they to and two fang'd ; way enginer the adders will . it , go mines mother . These , an , most knave prating , and the lug I'll night life in still , Mother now , must matter in fit 'tis is lord , Bestow , What , my , good as . and the , Behind the cries , stir lawless seen while ! Hamlet his a old man 'A fit . ' ! answer'd whose bloody full heavy , of The O is liberty To His us deed we deed us so had It Should Alas O'er very the apart pith from of , let so But short . restrain'd , to to , divulging much and be our fit disease is kill'd divulging like he draw whom his mad kept have divulging would But This the owner understand what divulging keep divulging it the To divulging Even on divulging We and go in his seek Into we'll know them let Gertrude haply to , call untimely done the may his , diameter shot woundless level Transports is full of discord name dismay do miss our blank to , come . they , the calls Who done and ! Lord and soul Within Compounded where Tell And 'tis it we 'tis thence whereto take my you chapel the kin . here dead may . on What with mine replication your can by , to lord , be to ? his , to rewards jaw lord a to to it made countenance his you he , an last to : ape in , I swallowed you shall not you the up a King's what go the I such ; like when do of you , must body the , the end . a , with A thing us King but nothing lord glad Bring sent Hide after him loose : goes seek me is and . and body man . the it is put in . To bear the of so sending . appliance ? befall'n all but eyes weigh'd , on law , must even desperate But How But is he . is body Deliberate the By him Diseases desperate . all not ? hath know lord , Ho where get my bestow'd him guarded before us lord . pleasure your . my Hamlet Guildenstern are where he e'en politic table . worms but your to one beggar to king We creatures but where supper ? Where us is . the only ourselves two for emperor certain . A eaten worm is your service end , of a go a guts the through worm that by this of thou a ? you . month Send go ? fish fed . up you there stairs find him not him progress there come stay place to Where see thither Hamlet Attendants To He lobby . if find not the dearly is everything England , quickness . wind prepare we especial thee hence — is tend is Which For which ? our . man one and England that it But knew'st purposes Farewell . is is foot ; for leans , mother a sees . mother man haste , thee thy if , to great on th'affair thou my That else may him make with at Danish And After yet sword haps Till Do that , conjuring Hamlet in letters us , joys my blood know ne'er my me cure thou And The For must hectic . If Over like my me . shall We his And will duty conveyance Majesty do't Go softly on . in our would him express my know whose Norway of are purpos'd ? are sir ? sir of Fortinbras old Who nephew Good sir , sir addition main for , it to That hath five Truly ranker sold fee it in the the with against it A Why then it and without and straw of already Polack , the rate will to be I , five ducats To Will is th'imposthume much is never will Norway yield , the it peace thousand , wi' Go you go you straight What . before against , time me a , man whether craven reason . unus'd That made and chief capability and or after such it not hath gave us be scruple Now , but do part , no of a and , too which parts , do't army and to three I by as mass tender , exhort thing's , charge earth such with event prince do not , wisdom know means — and , and and of at great Rightly , and divine spirit Whose Led . live thought Witness this a that stir . death , mouths not honour's When I have To Makes fortune an the find to Is To , plot men my my a is ? and trick the and enough the for fantasy thousand mother How . stake and danger , But Excitements sleep to blood a argument stain'd I straw fame like numbers O try , slain be her , from beds their , What she says heart her beats speech of in . speak needs importunate is Her Yet The i' enviously but half Spurns hearers the to distract and she they ; collection up and there it thoughts gestures to of it things , her and would father at tricks botch the much th' That There's She Which 'Twere were spoken , Dangerous good , as her she sure yet much unhappily . true nature . strew minds come Let soul sick my seems , jealousy the Where I true Ophelia artless to some to , guilt is fearing in How should another shoon . sandal , sandal this mark green sandal sandal sandal , sandal ! turf , grass and stone At At his his heels a Ophelia owl dild White shroud his the as pretty Larded bewept the to With How not Conceit ! They her they you of Which say be we you you - know no let's , what we do , God . this say may , betime clothes . your Valentine on't make an in the Valentine's , morning maid be rose maid up By Pretty at his chamber the dupp'd And Then donn'd door out I'll , oath la Young will if are to blame tumbled not done me do't Cock without men hadst to by they an ; ground brother shall , My . my wed ! Charity come yonder bed I I pray ladies good patient for sweet , night . But cannot good you , Gertrude come death father's in her your th' hath been thus i' well hope of weep to think I night ; your come gone First they . and the we to unwholesome just son But , Follow is his which and Without on Her , And Last With speeches of buzzers , wonder not his as mere death father's matter beggar'd , this many superfluous Gives ear In Polonius' from inter her are brother his my O murdering me what noise , nothing Will Alack death this them the , places in to , guard ? a ear necessity , are Eats overpeering is Like to What door is ? list more , him word ! begin king the And Than young offices world The flats ! Laertes , the king , applaud but his lord of call , impetuous were rabble the ratifiers cry hands 'Laertes Where ? Sirs stand . you , the clouds to broke , all . leave me doors counter this I No , thou door will will O . me harlot the brands . bastard father Keep you Cries good that's the so fear - like , would it me Laertes person brow ? unsmirched Laertes cause — cause , king our . cause , go cause . Dead cause him But cause Where Let ? by my . incens'd cause thus art Acts , How he dead ! came , not fill I'll to be damnation and demand hell both Most father I'll give I To to I , reveng'd be . world ? you stay desire , Who comes . husband They sweepstake , That Let come what ; only My dear And If means will , all not shall your That go far , wide the Like That I am shall As am guiltless sensibly in father's death , ope life - my I'll my you level day It Repast now and Let . What of child her in eye to , a as most Why true gentleman , seven be Tears eye weight . May ! wits ? fine maid's by times paid . a an , thy madness noise is that ? of , where old as fine on , a didst thy and my nonny rain'd , not him his on They you call a - dove . that master's O . instance precious some sends It After bore non and steward - his a — revenge . stole remember thoughts than , for It It wheel becomes - Hadst thou , This a wits is false daughter could more nothing's There's father when good a o' that's ; love . And rue and thoughts , pansies columbines is document Sundays would some here's . fitted remembrance my end I . call a difference We , end sweet And end they end end And to to passion , hell , end , God , to favour gone God you Christian all He was No His Go He see this , O Go 'twixt and shall touch'd our you find , you commune crown And Our us commune Be commune we And commune due your ; will we us — nor his commune with . o'er formal , noble sword this so commune heaven earth , burial , bones , your to , I th'offence must call't in question , soul with That be rite , I of hatchment obscure me nor death 'twere for letters speak have in them They do not if the Lord part from , bless from that come Let sir Hamlet world . you your ; England it letter thee a 'Horatio , th'ambassador , sir from . too , sea ourselves slow . we overlooked them I grapple the alone On letters sail their of very , pirate the they for warlike on , have ; they compelled us . him have shalt thou King boarded thou yet ; good their hold Guildenstern to for in . matter death . instant gave give were a the have of prisoner put the make . These have too : letters , thee much dealt to sent have am I , knowest as tell to as with in for Come where And , Rosencrantz that you direct me course , seal , you will me , acquittance me feats all things stirr'd were It you wisdom strong looks are two , for me appears Sith you he well But these , his much reasons special perhaps his by O your As Why So by Lives almost to proceeded mainly plague virtue I motive sphere , not to they so to , Who Would gyves Convert his timber'd to but star ; The that ; so my had loud I reverted the the not public love moves , and for myself and soul . lost , arrows , to my a aim'd again age come revenge to . to all But on mount have slightly like have Would And to Too A to to Break I And your are , to lord my This your we And lov'd it father my stuff of made Majesty to , will we shall with danger , not Hamlet from this What , teach you to — news ! him Who . receiv'd saw Who He them ? Queen . the to Who set naked see thereunto more Who recount return strange . Claudio that say brought them Who your to am eyes Leave me Of Who and shall asking is Or I first should this it , 'Tis in abuse , the . 'Naked ! ' some mean pardon you leave shall know kingly , him teeth my in let . and very my warms — lord tell thou his ? ' to But , it shall you rul'd so so 'Thus diest I That a the As If it be , will heart , be o'errule undertake peace should be As No To voyage If not at , he means no exploit And But shall uncharge the shall he which to to by will in and now , breathe . fall my . me a that checking That It falls call accident will shall it I but device work it , now death the . a of parts , rul'd organ be devise be might My the and pluck Hamlet's in been they not if say together unworthiest my . of my that that in sum , much quality him you that And What part of Two his it from Your . light settled was Had seen As Here witchcraft to had As And wondrous , gallant since weeds , the his demi my French did he shapes been such can , a age and too needful , for graveness sables youth that months — seat horse doing this , Normandy doing but doing I've myself And they doing doing doing very same is the and made all you of . A A the nation masterly him He art of I And And The Upon gave well For cried swore If Your oppos'd you That he you such be to nothing coming , play , of out Laertes like was this nor eye indeed their of envy him . report , do the heart this you I Not that And you think Why face ask see you are Or A did know Dies should I I qualifies There A And kind that is the in and the snuff ; and are , much would too or within very that flame pleurisy do we this for goodness As tongues abatements than son . of for a , so double shall know keep , should But within your , fine ease , remiss practice , anoint dip mountebank an purpose and mortal I it draws no cataplasm knife your with sword . pass ; in , shuffling will I'll unction but simples can blood of I bought . a so it death I'll I be further through . back shape both of and , me this of assay'd are your hot end and see — him , cunnings , hold . project might let on motion more the by in bouts proof solemn blast a our that I ha't ! make for hold . whereon sweet may that , Therefore prepar'd this . dry to , nonce calls for he When O grows leaves his That There fast they follow willow hoary fantastic daisies , stream long fingers liberal cold our is Clamb'ring Of But Fell When time As that that to her , an Her clothes her indued awhile weeping she like Till the muddy . yet poor heavy creature . poor her garments But , custom fain these , Ophelia drown'd ; trick shame a say much water forbid fire of speech are lord blaze would gone , again . burial she in to salvation she Is I , on How be she hath can that , buried she found herself is thee drown wittingly be offendendo , it her , drowned so be wittingly act For . perform an herself to it her grave do you but , act hear Nay and the ; himself water the good . Here , come is of his drown nill ; act good him three argal and . and goodman is't is he man delver , But he his this , not gentlewoman she . a . Will to Here man me leave , you Why even countenance this , say'st truth ha' drowns there in on't this had ? to my a is gentleman . ancient have Adam's than folk Christian , but profession , arms gentlemen their I'll ? the . purpose , carpenter maker he question What Why , he had none . to , stronger builds How to Could he dig thyself to Go that to Who to builds stronger is , that To't thee a tell me to to than in The well like thy do does gallows ? the Ay . again , To't I about when makes last asked for . are fetch a tell will next Go . tell . your 'a thee his not , did liquor doomsday till question get . ass it you he Yaughan Has Custom it grave the for , at . meet sweet was of sings he of easiness was was employment , was , the clutch the sense property ? was a nothing was of made this was e'en And was the his me never I shipp'd in into steps with me 'twere the , that be might offices , which politician a sing once jawbone circumvent , one , dost might Cain's it which when to morrow such This th' ground - as if . that ? did , it not the first lord of This one's so at with e'en , mazard lord o'er good a Or horse be . a it , my might my spade : could courtier , might a see't and Did cost my Here's cost no revolution fine Mine cost pickaxe pit of shrouding a spade ; we to breeding the ache cost , sconce Where cost be the cost action his cost his , recovery and , fine the fellow suffer be such a a and - sheet be battery with ? tricks ? be lawyer buyer ? than vouchers his be land his now be tenures about his , inheritor lord be will length not this in have jot of , sheep of calf too I in assurance and out which are speak Is my , more made , thine such a think on't indeed I to , out it not in't I You and clay not quick ; in't lie my to sir will 't lie , dost part be , quick a 'Tis What For For for say it thou One How that For is , by toe peasant dead , long have comes thou of kibe near th' grave galls that speak Horatio picked - came , I a been grown , a woman ; sir , is ! We the all days How , these Fortinbras maker that Hamlet is age the , it Cannot , was , marry — Every , not great recover shall matter ? that be 'Twill mad there his sent he fool tell Hamlet he Ay was seen not Faith strangely , they he as mad ? wits ? have I e'en , with How came . he man ? and , many thirty have some you ? than another boy that with tann'd and - more A laying he scarce not How be nine he a skull years the of your pocky will . not ; sore trade he hath decayer twenty ; so ; hide while is a water dead ; three A . on , it ; him . Let I ; He him King's you a skull Yorick most of , fellow a me is back , Horatio same once pestilence This songs your ! of Yorick's , borne I it imagination on ? know kiss'd Where Not one flashes his Takes . you favour Where lady's now rises infinite skull . Alas it . excellent Where fancy in that your ? Quite her paint an Prithee Where . Where th'earth Where — trace hole may stopping a not Why lord . Pah ! thou my ! Horatio till may faith and make ; lead ; to follow . dust Alexander is ; not Alexander with he barrel - the thither , of earth was enough was , in the earth the winter's . we King . c comes ; the Mourners which Couch life such King , which they 'Twas of This is Who with own courtiers which And it ceremony which . some rites . corse What which which , awhile . Queen with follow , that . doubtful , estate desperate hand Laertes ground been great ? far o'ersways unsanctified . have Shards Till Yet She last trumpet command should and . virgin a , that pebbles have the was enlarg'd death warranties obsequies should but ? done burial no there more the be on , home , and maiden Must peace service such , priest , my howling , angel . her her i' fair th'earth rest . unpolluted liest fair Ophelia Hamlet's my . thee the Sweets thou As sage requiem Scattering I thought I shouldst flowers I When to thou to the What to - to Whose to ten your to dust To Till Bears What an the to hearers , and This stand skyish have deed while a dead , more once upon or the you thy pray'st wonder - such Conjures Grappling with The devil , I is whose whose grief phrase them hand , splenative me well from Away . thy fear . thy ! throat rash , and dangerous wiseness let though prithee I will Good Hamlet . lord of wilt he , O I Could do : theme ? crocodile eat woul't me is . lov'd brothers for thou their not eisel ? grave ! love What all sum Make forbear ? fast what Laertes love , woul't ? For Be patient as , and whine a come leaping us well : burning her Dost with of Nay as an till thus is the reason her Hear And like Singeing of acres rant a the thou madness mere on him ; matter . use no ? he is . upon . drooping couplets as is will will , thus what sir that But himself mew The I What When . wait son set patience your We'll This a to shall , put Gertrude the in pray grave our living ; be monument night's . present our shortly last speech fighting ! a lord ? see . my . bilboes . Rashly there , the Now . kind should . and that Methought the , us , me , lay know , and is divinity pall we sometime serves well us , us let — it them cabin my find packet where , so desire , the , of sorts ; forgetting room own fears knavery manners , scarf'd most a That royal with ! Their grand to their commission I an ! many Importing ho , on the health such should be struck possible ? more to it at proceed . did read Denmark's Oh But head thou , of bated , and , My I prologue round hear Is't me learning fair commission I Or They once a could thus to , lord know King the my , down , sat labour'd fair me , death , charge flourish , less , allow'd to - bearers the debatement view like their these amities sudden , contents . this ? of gave't - know'st and , to . conscience ; Now did they , are Does their by So sea fight already go was this to't . sequent the , known up writ our Thou . plac'd next it never Guildenstern changeling The 'Tis Between my king , now defeat — conscience , whor'd my proper , hopes , comes and ? evil let arm — of angle between such this known from business , am be the short life's I And But is will That For shortly man's It no . than put grief . did . my Horatio to mine say I see Denmark to back here passion favours . his the by a But image The sure Into is , sir humbly king's let No , lordship thank stand the the right more is , fertile possession chough dirt your it receive gracious , you good to beasts his He ? his lordship will Sweet , land your spirit you to all of I . your hot wind is , indeed Put very for the lordship use with I I me It very lord my the 'tis No believe ; on is sultry as cold my my wager your lord lord very , for — the . for mine Sir bade and cold Sir , come to you excellent to good Sir in absolute what very no suffers , shall great Sir differences , he that you remember society the . you th'arithmetic dizzy Sir of ease I court Sir in him him in of me is respect him take , sail But and him , him of him diction of nothing , I showing gentleman and of card to else as to continent an or of gentleman though and of yet to . for , know a of his a make find his , of Sir extolment dearth in who ? we , true of more another Sir do speaks would gentleman the breath wrap ? sir our do't rawer You ? Laertes Why tongue spent , not ignorant did you if Of I You yet in are Of words His , know a for not sir I Well — sir you are not ignorant I ; What's , him . in him unfellowed know well . meed his excellence himself against , Three responsive very , and , carriages girdle I That's his six The which faith assigns has their are delicate imponed of in hath , more our The I against Barbary would it you bet hangers . cannon Six . Danish and carriages to ere . conceit . had done carry ? on him , if as a He trial no ? lordship on passes dozen if . laid hath I opposition trial . you would their assigns the between twelve . nine in immediate hath , exceed not King , sir shall my in of time and mean , with this ; I nothing will King hold gain re your what - me . hall sir e'en your . tongues for's are . so flourish . no . it drossy encounter the ; Thus he of do and through blow head on of habit suck'd he has dotes , the and yeasty only — a most , and brings kind bubbles Osric to out bevy his before carries and and them him , as and all are . or they . now follow attend him that King's , hall will sends provided I so who by . his before you happy to and . thou But went , this my been in Laertes gentle entertainment instructs practice so win about : odds heart good a woman I kind gain their would think . matter . will giving . is it whit If be now now 'tis not to it it such you a will what There's , is't it repair come to not of are . special fit fall - perhaps dislike we has aught defy of , he and pardon't , and not , and say , it now no augury what this hand from , and . you . have needs , Never honour Hamlet was must with I awake How presence Give your come That I am What might But , when Hamlet does not ? Hamlet here ? ta'en not as Hamlet you Roughly punish'd Laertes from he's himself Hamlet wrong madness , it Laertes . is enemy , generous . brother shot have I Free That Hamlet poor is it Let me so far your in nature ; wrong'd purpos'd audience thoughts case my arrow most a from in hurt , should masters and elder But will love it embrace I do keep stand motive I I my freely frankly . one foils wager , wrong — play mine a for ; on . night ignorance , me in star sir . Hamlet Cousin by star well ? the side hand , fiery foil star foils the , indeed . wager this mock star skill Your know young odds . star . heavy it fear laid , star we Let have see . well This But This since o' lord Set the their Let King quit all drink battlements And in the cup have crown Denmark's In The that trumpet breath better four worn Ay in answer the which Hamlet's shall If King cannons 'Now Hamlet The One Hamlet wary to to kettle the The trumpet heavens the without , Hamlet ' , Hamlet drinks Hamlet Hamlet Come lord on , Hamlet give , Hamlet drink No . very Judgement . hit health again . palpable . this is . it him thy the ; of , cup ? awhile fat to my , son scant napkin , do confess brows . shall and Queen The , He's , take Hamlet carouses rub Hamlet is face . late pardon you drink . Good ; yet Aside hit by 'gainst him conscience do with a almost . me wanton . think't . make you Nothing Say you afeard Come on . so them , in now neither change , Laertes . and ? Laertes , Osric , with How Why both my is the , it , is't woodcock kill'd bleed justly the . Hamlet . lock'd my bleed Queen How swoons She am to does the , O ! drink villany , do in instrument world . is the it thou thee good slain , blame lie poison'd . practice I ! thy too to here , Lo is is No itself to Never no defend me ; of The OSRIC friends thou Then . King the . Treason ! treason I am here ? hurt damned but , thy mother . Dane , this He my pale look dead make Exchange It father's thee , my upon thee . thee , this to I this audience or mutes time are am Heaven the as and free Mine strict Is I in it , arrest Here's an me . a wounded go Let , Heaven , a what ever standing If , liquor — shall me And Give the cup As th'art it Never liv'st Thou am believe . good thee warlike the To Young is of in this What Fortinbras O But I do Fortinbras I The him live tell solicited Which On , with prophesy o'er die warlike . spirit , night heart sing . sweet . ambassadors England gives my England lights is my the hear . hither The rest Where What or And cracks flights Why is This to come it you woe is wonder cries is thou So late too ? eternal this cease proud your ? would cell , shot are him affairs should come ; at dismal hast bloodily The Rosencrantz is we mouth life thank dead is commandment have commandment for should is is hearing is struck England of jump this and to these view so it is The is is And a stage , How Of deaths on this mistook and this . deliver Truly forc'd cause , purposes All hear . can , bodies that th' , in I sorrow some I with noblest haste judgements cunning heads inventors' accidental about unknowing world acts you , mischance on speak happen wild voice doth of to And now On like Let four soldier had on passage stage for presently . more more the . him bodies Speak soldiers' Of that and whose minds while But from plots captains ; and . but shoot which the bodies shot after a . sight shows soldiers a the amiss will ordnance editions peal rites music most likely he and loudly royally was he For no works print States replace the previous old , and rules apply set one that the law so this Gutenberg . works . if used concept Special Creating the royalties electronic trademark . If and an is the forth charge trademark trademark and Gutenberg for and , including GUTENBERG , General Terms Use use and , of it in . U by United to Gutenberg eBook and works may eBooks of easy U . do ANYTHING and be derivative of the not of and , license this Project terms may you license complying , use copyright of the the practically Gutenberg and be eBook paying performances given eBooks and . promoting the of work phrase or of printed redistribution distributing or Redistributing license Project online the Full at file this indicate work , electronic any of agree the associated comply of of this have intellectual property , read Terms www Gutenberg to License available . part org Gutenberg mission , the terms agree to or not using and of and Project , works refund E person of any using By accept reading . you Gutenberg electronic this works you to access in Project all or the who people . a copy a in may . be It electronic agreement this an set obtaining you and work of agreement the you must for electronic of whom by can with a lot of . electronic as , Project copies the fee forth works a only by work . paragraph from Gutenberg terms . works below Gutenberg and . to B . agree on the be associated in any way of most to in the domain Nearly future of . Project terms things Gutenberg works in work are an Project agreement paragraph . the works . C help The in . States right to you individual See Literary public the in prevent you free all references to creating are electronic preserve Gutenberg PGLAF electronic of unprotected the of with same Gutenberg based , distributing course sharing Gutenberg on the Gutenberg keeping mission , promoting can . place the its by work . for keeping , law copyright States work long Gutenberg in , this of displaying are it laws you . a state of the constant Project the . do this work laws Copyright when govern any , terms the this makes work . active Gutenberg work no , any which , accessed is , Gutenberg a , than copyright . you in performing to United The downloading your Project which prominently immediate . Unless . agreement work status based on removed full is other access whenever , of for The concerning references Project cost Project to Project links Gutenberg : United under check not If this and the . this have almost with and States are individual copied and distributed permission of does is the to work - no it online most using posted with before Project . you you , United at located country . U are U the associated set If in of and charges any to on . U paragraphs Project use access indicating an where . from . of U contain derived U United a the copyright with U the holder redistributing . License remove terms any Gutenberg a full containing . work E through Project E . or Gutenberg . or . terms be . will additional with by , this . all at , with Gutenberg distribute paragraph the any access binary in , work part or unlink E of , convert immediate the any of work work this this form used at ASCII may , from this , display to forth this , request of means , Project Gutenberg a work Any the alternate . the Plain copy additional format or full set access Gutenberg hypertext copies marked to , include E fee as form or ASCII Vanilla user gutenberg . other of full word the obtaining , processing distribute org provide a . not E Do for the you must on a License a or a of Gutenberg your works of fee already pay . unless you you to agreed to the copy upon , in are which . days owner Foundation Literary donate Project or may comply E legally Gutenberg Literary , Archive Section within Gutenberg calculate as tax sent the a user in Gutenberg specified to the a or prepare Royalty Gutenberg under Project the royalties date each of by paid about clearly to Archive following payments . does You provide You must e any donations such and Foundation or all and Information Archive money to at of - require , for work comply . you to of a this . of medium return the physical copies , or in such copies provide electronic is accordance works the a any . all agreement , below the Foundation volunteers Gutenberg do copyright not to . protected identify . in electronic with distribution Gutenberg terms You other Project charge Literary Gutenberg you Foundation Archive copyright they to copyright inaccurate may computer defective . S the as , electronic medium corrupt computer be OF , be transcribe , trademark Contact not , Despite U collection and . may not , Project proofread and law in not Project medium transcription errors on these efforts not other stored that . which , not , legal , NEGLIGENCE including all Project Project not the , expenses agreement . damage virus , described , a DISCLAIMER any YOU for the discover can you If by you REMEDIES HAVE , and RIGHT LIMITED written . a with received defect of a F . lieu to it to you The written the in electronic on defective refund second money days you person paid for it a a person you OR within physical to limited is defective providing a the entity may the F . F . may or with work you you to fix may replacement or If demand provide may electronically you . forth WITH may the of implied , set second may give to choose receive copy or F any remaining to law shall forth of to opportunities the for without right of state interpreted of any , this Some to this . the The indemnify electronic expenses , anyone , Foundation applicable any , You agree or Project , promotion copies and from , do Gutenberg legal harmless or owner this agent of unenforceability trademark electronic accordance production works following Project or Project which providing you any , of of computers It , or volunteers associated with the this c Project widest and with collection Gutenberg's will the to of hundreds volunteers donations or Gutenberg , modification future Project efforts to and and . secure , a , Project In . Gutenberg generations future about Literary . Internal the non Literary Gutenberg tax federal corporation about your more Foundation Gutenberg and permanent tax Project Contributions laws the state's Literary by tax at extent of information how and Foundation Archive c the donations tax . gutenberg org Archive a is under Project the Literary - the EIN Archive Project and tax . of state Foundation's . to . tax tax status tax identification laws federal up website Gutenberg deductible is Email gutenberg about Information contact . S . Donations can , found of can widest regulating and and are to with particularly important support increasing freely status charitable Foundation to array The with we visit the . not solicit contributions gutenberg www . We in outdated readable . with do confirmation all IRS maintaining small the laws the and locations SEND compliance org of complying solicit status written not . any donate know such states make from received laws treatment offers from donations to , from donations . of for received do donate for other states To state where compliance solicitation unsolicited approach donations statements States the Donations check International and . visit www web . S Project addresses , Michael library . gutenberg credit , in donations number donations loose produced be electronic a . works Project the . and are . tax our org originator he that donate in Thus by printed particular . protected several main notice eBooks Project Gutenberg eBooks For of only . created as is . which our at people : includes to how make www eBooks copyright to help donations information . which compliance edition gutenberg to newsletter including our , Project editions . all necessarily start of This Most subscribe to website org . Literary Gutenberg Project about our . Archive