Who's . unfold . Francisco bed bitter , hour your , heart ? haste Marcellus make them Who ! ground to of hear rivals has my . you ? reliev'd you Barnardo , Horatio . let take sight says nothing our but seen Touching may He this down tush And Horatio not him come . story seen speak Barnardo , us so And let Sit That are again , approve When beating and myself of down hear same yond we two nights your this , from we sit course The In , off Look one part Marcellus where , speak ; scholar figure same the a like fear to comes it not Thou it ? would . Denmark majesty it Horatio to wonder . Mark art In thou that , be Looks Did with . sometimes See march fair By with is stalks not answer ! charge . and ! it Such was he : armour thyself avouch . eyes own mine the Without Is Horatio ! You I might King believe this not combated ; Norway art As th'ambitious . dead watch . to scope strange some the Thus With But , work my by our this to I our , of , state that watch land war whose week sore brazen the observant he me and subject opinion , cannon such such So make Doth - that me ? day can joint is't Who Whose , least slay Dar'd Had Hath in Hamlet vanquisher inheritance the been to the carriage of Now mettle unimproved fell To the which law by King And the by Shark'd up skirts , seiz'd stood Against gaged our life , to moiety Fortinbras by as For Was ; which had of Fortinbras there other it lands , enterprise is unto us , our That . a it His Of hath terms Is may think - this lost of our this strong no ; in't foresaid appear well doth his the other this watch and And of and high is most little sort I Comes was A Of is of like the wars mind's it Well be haste sheeted . star , blood streets gibber so ere , and earth the harbingers Have our and And Was the to heaven prologue it sound . again comes , voice thing to hast , the stands ! countrymen still coming where me blast Lo the fates demonstrated use ease O hast thy Marcellus Or may thou If Shall my walk , may in uphoarded speak say it Stop strike , will not stand , they , which 'Tis in happily For at We being gone here it as the ! invulnerable of so mockery . crew the malicious , heard a have guilty I ! majestical , violence the blows to fearful started . summons shrill . spirit hies strike all that spirit no planets stir night birth is the so witch gracious hath dawning singeth no do and in , takes fairy nights then The Some say , they say wholesome But our us Hamlet what , of up seen have yon and upon him with to him . morning I and , pray our him find Cornelius we The To our Though yet be far be Together with we Yet Therefore , warlike dropping and and as we With follows better Your with Importing He father this Colleagued to not his valiant brother is the much for . those with advantage of worth our gone freely have dear , writ Fortinbras to here : meeting scarcely that and you Norway suppress personal King no : proportions purpose impotent To Thus Norway , bed of our His The Out You For To Farewell In , business bearers , to ; this further , you let these the and things it , some of , the heartily . you Dane suit wouldst What . Laertes beg not , the the thy reason what's cannot us told You We , doubt You your head The The And , news with . lord Denmark France to I willingly , came your to have , Laertes , asking ? mouth father , France duty bend , give him leave to consent . that toward , pardon and from Laertes ; go thine on hang and spend , hard me my last time be will the i' a nighted colour thy thy not , the little Thou noble eye 'tis through ever like am it is How . that A let Not my look for thine Hamlet And Passing Ay Seek madam alone suspiration river the solemn of fruitful haviour of grief , not ? eye the is inky suits , of , shows indeed might show breath forc'd , visage , with good No For Nor not 'Tis , the nor with Together 'Tis But Of shows That In do It A An we Why it to against heart ? most fathers , absurd , who still that and pray ' . the the of throw , sense nature theme cried throne love of father to bears your Wittenberg . our For impart dearest his son : desire remain , eye son Hamlet not you best obey come , reply Hamlet , whereof today , tell again , bruit away Madam Denmark and unforc'd loving in and heart to heaven flesh into had itself slaughter Everlasting solid a God O unprofitable and this an uses ! it should two : garden ! him month would winds loving beteem not a to So dead merely — excellent her Visit remember too the on hang had so ; increase on't , uncle father , reason even mine of discourse wants that . Why those , poor she , body is a within thy — or ere appetite , shoes yet Frailty — but ; to the . such It , heart glad But With make what change Sir , good Wittenberg , Wittenberg ? lord report own no so Elsinore father's my to mock see it follow'd came I do , is . truster know your do not shall you it drink your you . funeral - student upon hard , forth lord Thrift Indeed think prithee lord it Did In He I a not look I , shall man , Who ? father gentlemen King my King your saw the , till marvel Marcellus exactly , cap - solemn thrice surprised of . This , distill'd , he - father hear gentlemen and A and Barnardo these let love had of like watch pie on their night , watch in true knew I each the dreadful thing secrecy to act - eyes your figure , by and truncheon's to , with as comes word with march me , fear before and his Almost In , Where they Form Stand third your the to him deliver'd night did And of lord My But the we . haste . speak 'tis away true our duty . MARCELLUS do and lord me troubles it down of live very in . sight our ; you Arm'd Arm'd From My , We Then saw lord face ? beaver up . foot . not O more And I been you . you ? long much very grizzled was I , haste . a . saw't . seen it Not else in . hell this no tongue tonight silence you still , ye . well , itself ; shall your platform loves I it an whatsoever And understanding I My And , convoy But let assistant hear you me , the are them : embark'd give sleep . his primy not minute in toy of nature ? Think crescent but ; bulk mind more it of service No more And virtue for weigh'd not himself ; as himself for of his will cautel , health this persons do depends you body that of he far ; deed saying main for weigh your heart credent what lose To too voice for , If fits and may He is his Than Ophelia , your for particular may his shot unmaster'd for my prodigal treasure affection . open , it believe Denmark wisdom your and place sustain list importunity no sister , desire of fear the is danger , moon enough . disclos'd buttons chariest it unmask and maid your , own of and the me watchman Do Himself puff'd thorny way reckless , his me But long stay . too fear path rede heaven to treads my else , shame for , with blessing . sail your second double aboard , a a . father upon here Aboard of is the . these but thoughts no act . you , shoulder vulgar my , thy and character few by adoption . steel in thy thy thy that Give Of each But Grapple Be friends them Of And Neither of they most select a : follow must it the the not , And above all this any man . station . be best rank and that : husbandry and a edge chief thine the oft itself night day both own of For thine to as thine thine Thou thine then be season leave my , go and thine my you it you : hath very late . you clearly I put on me tell bounteous must honour late made the ? think ; speak . speak , speak speak . speak to speak , lord love a of you'll honourable may hath And My countenance to burns : heat . blazes , daughter soul heat heat rate From . a . heat him tether may is that heat Lord he he fire a this ; time - is heat your take for of For maiden parley in so with much larger a given of terms any . their for show are brokers an cold lord come my your shall Indeed it heard ? held lord his mean spirit does season . of then his , No . near walk ? reels , custom here out native it I though breach , the headed tax'd other trumpet draughts drum a and drunkards achievements it of swinish , west nations indeed , addition This heavy the mind Ay marry am ? it , born than to And Makes in for They to Soil manner a , men guilty them height at particular and ; the plausive I Nature's else His Oft Or of some From , manners Carrying Shall all The by By their pales , livery infinite as my . may star one forts these , defect , corruption of — be censure . noble the that in particular man take of it The dram ! comes goblin or or hell , sepulchre the inurn'd , steel this may What ! corse the marble again glimpses ponderous bones burst not Why Thou speak , op'd thou To thee canoniz'd me Hath cast That why Making Say With , beyond you alone did to , What we and the thoughts horridly hideous thus , we mean ? the , to , go ? shake Wherefore , nature of fools , disposition should of some you . reaches our To beckons ? ground it desire As do Why , set soul And not my Being speak ; then immortal thing , what not , lord , means . it not my will no by It Do Which draw Without more motive puts into What And It me still . waves Go looks to of your base into Think the . roar fathoms many some assume there place so hears thee go . sea hands not on , beneath brain rul'd And hardy As not Hold say , away — shall Be Still heaven ; you fate petty call'd this lion's artery cries Unhand of . a as By after is Something Let's Have He Whither , let's follow thou lead wilt Pity To me Speak So , am ! serious unfold ? revenge art to what What term fast my - a day crimes secrets unfold blood my tale whose word house days that prison their spheres , forbid am in , young lightest night nature thou when But to thy But flesh ! O be not . thy List , list didst and of Revenge ever God in the best , foul his this Murder most foul blood Haste me know't , that I thoughts my . the love wings to That in serpent Rankly Is serpent abus'd given thou 'Tis The father's noble the Now . know . death his Now by out stir rots that sleeping of youth Hamlet wharf hear . Denmark orchard , a , thou whole my , process , gifts , adulterate that with beast decline be ; dignity poor mov'd link'd will of bed garbage scent sate Sleeping , with even ; it shape angel ; heaven air the stole a ears whose of man vial it my with blood , of secure be And methinks I orchard leperous the juice With And The an as gates natural a The Holds Cut was Most Thus thin And Of wholesome , my crown Let Taint but her thy damned of Denmark incest soul heaven , but contrive my sent but , I but in , nature royal and thee in O my O but If but prick those thorns . let to lodge , but heaven me . but , well to Remember What grow , O fie of hell sinews , O I thee matin earth ! all , saws from you thou In But , poor me my Ay the books of Within youth away trivial forms observation and the fond , woman Yes of heaven villain ! heart old thy and volume my by damned set , a down shall alone of Remember . thee seat a Denmark villain ! to sworn't MARCELLUS lord and adieu . matter all it , smile . smiling be Now is and Meet villain am you have HORATIO are Hamlet tell lord , my , noble my , I lord my , Good say , be man once . think it of Why , you are circumstance we that without so it hold and more hands desire shall tell business your And no an villain dwelling all , us this come ghost desire , the grave own . my offence and , words is that this vision Horatio ghost too no you , but now , Saint . Yes And your an Yes There's offence by you as is It Give are you O'ermaster't As For , poor . not we , Nor lord , truepenny ? my , Propose to speak Swear . Swear my , our hither my And et my my ! my is wondrous fast have my so friends good remove my . come Horatio welcome mercy you help so , I your in , bear and heaven , hereafter in stranger day worthy , mole a philosophy earth it , meet myself But , but things dreamt strange arms That Or How That odd think shall disposition never shake , if and me or some could 'There giving and , So grace we , Or As perturbed do a and man poor so my all do God Rest still your out was joint let's I his of born love . to set it together go cursed on , right I pray together in . Reynaldo inquiry money I him in it . are Danskers well did , they and at , first , his visit , what encompassment Marry , What That And , you his know — your 'twere Than this company they you how And Ay ; in sir forgeries , part if't and he I so you my , and . lord fencing liberty wild marry wanton such may As are so , but may he's 'not mean be him What Addicted But , please ; The seem he That That's as lord you : but breathe taints the fiery . mind ; another , quaintly another — blood to open outbreak another another would my lord here's that this another good another flash But another general in I I The Having in you soil'd fetch a is Marry thing breathe of the I little , these party seen him , I warrant of th' you in with closes He I I , sir laying I 'twere youth As Your then Very the At 'closes 'closes 'friend in the ay ! ' ' 'gentleman was country Of ' or so ; leave and , perchance or : of or , falsehood , of bias of carp and reach truth you , the in's See now you , marry , o'ertook at out He saw with gaming him , then Or There I With , and you b' you So by assays house forth of rouse so takes of well . fare my You have , Observe God shall my yourself I lecture and advice . wi' With , my Alas How , now I name sewing doublet his foul'd affrighted chamber , all I with head down , with his , been my to piteous in ? matter Ophelia , as Hamlet hat Ungart'red as And a had horrors speak To been loosed out his gyved so I but , was of each purport do thy ; it , other ? love he before knees me took At . to he goes Then He do , rais'd sigh thus shatter and and profound bulk down go me his waving head . lets , turn'd his of such the by would find his , his ? he wrist me end his he And As did doors way all stay'd Long shaking up mine arm , on go bended That with his seem a being me For And And thrice As to , last his head so done — of sorry , late command but heaven itself ecstasy very will any lord access ; any I under fordoes That you What my sorry I meant not I had , To am I did close to being go the younger , utter hate we to our the love , King . you beyond it wreck thee ourselves , which . cast it discretion known grief More lack This The to him . himself , man it you have death it Of hasty we we dear , being dream young here on occasion may him afflicts you and your our remedy thus hath you not please awhile will , such king's As supply so show Whether , as him to That he sure To For the expend As , Might to more two your visitation entreaty more have your here Put the a , men there Both shall much . If and good into ourselves service be , obey to by And power majesties remembrance of , Guildenstern dread your My Heavens you . our Pleasant I and instantly Hamlet , and these , lord good good you to else this so my father Assure think hath to of , still my to I And of cause us'd my hast hold or — Hunts The Both hold , Thou I do policy King mine . great th'ambassadors that , do grace My shall them sweet of hath . in o'erhasty death and and but , son's our what my ! Welcome from sift is queen shall Say it me He The I His that , desires to to levies good , found he age , sends brief in and , fine never your joy . griev'd sent which suppress obeys with in overcome uncle whereat he against hand in , which Fortinbras rebuke borne sickness his falsely old ; To to give And to Whereon before , entreaty an th'assay Norway might your As On Through it crowns to give to dominions please as his three thousand to herein further the fee annual to our you are levied So to to of for quiet allowance this likes Answer thank , we'll - took duty time . business together : labour read us think your well ; we'll time , mad of is , wit to for it will since , waste be is the outward noble nothing , to brevity to business liege Were he Mad But Madam And we us find 'tis it say rather farewell grant him true , cause by 'tis : 'tis no this defect effect now of comes remainder , For let . use figure art no with . Perpend . thus she , and mark cause art true at 'tis foolish remains A will of cause for phrase ill given daughter duty . whilst the out effect — have , the in and phrase I Ophelia — her Hamlet be fire are faithful not . machine . love the never But these I most , lady , hath This Thine As that And fell mine means ? by hath ill Doubt that doubt be sun doth this and , place , the wing , me might that , book work sight might you mute idle round , bespeak did I is mistress this If What 'Lord must be my think table , think honourable and daughter play'd I resort gave star : to dumb I out thus And herself , lock , of my make , tokens his what think prince , desk a Or might ? of no from went , winking and then fruits the ' . done That she should messengers the a lightness , madness the wherein you the And we all Do watch the to the Thence the wail . may I this Take You Here he is hid lead know you Mark And At Let encounter . his a be be But Be the such So time me , assistant the try assistant a thereon , state . both wretch assistant reading comes . assistant fall'n from not assistant where keep assistant Well assistant Do Not were so ? is a . my dog a thousand ? you Have have walk me How not the Conception sun my . conceive Conception Conception is a blessing to't Conception gone love , far Conception ; very Conception . here Conception ? says you who that their you do words . matter Between eyes that old men lord my a , sir have satirical that they are should , this you Though Will that Indeed are ! A Into be weak I . air grave , pregnant which my of you daughter leave more leave and will my that except . well from will of be is out happiness o' often delivered most old , lord is there ; God These Fare Hamlet Lord the seek friends good Good ! How children lord dear My in Fortune's cap Nor her is she ; middle . strumpet . we in favours a honest at ? the ? many Denmark's Denmark which the there my . lord and prison to not you . one my good a We to it so is there you not world . Prison is confines worst it for mind a . count a . dreams be , Why God indeed , is , o' th' either king dream of I and too myself very ; it in a bad narrow makes . a but for the that light a it is . quality of substance shadow . shadow airy is rest most I wait no but . visitation make , upon GUILDENSTERN ? and ROSENCRANTZ , my in thanks a it come Come . your my thanks inclining poor , even are ; you speak , nay ; own , to ? dear free is . were sent craft , and my a halfpenny I ? King good . say we purpose looks my have modesties the better the by there you not lord the To ? our whether by , of for could sent , love me you eye , shall My lord we moult all , sent lost my for you were off my Queen seems to look it you ; but your will indeed goes . say What . have to wherefore excellent this a What most goodly frame . no in firmament to moving other , quintessence how , form this secrecy why ; so I mirth . this it action , laugh lord though of Why appears piece thing canopy the in angel , We man , them coted . delight such in in said — his . you , welcome shall target shall me' . my delights man humorous shall king shall the , sigh gratis and shall me the coming I not you if are the , shall were Even the lady those of He shall make travel Their better wont clown chances How they Do hold not it , was by estimation they inhibition take to you . What for't in residence so they they ways . both . I ? are they , comes , same think Do are call they that cry These dare goose — so children little for't clapped now them How maintains stages of the are they ? common ; eyases wonted rusty there the ? the it in , if most rapiers the there sin for argument poet for a went their to they sing common both There was sides unless to most pursue bid like has them to possible throwing Do been about of much — on controversy them make for boys carry Denmark , at make strange do King lived uncle my , my for more my him very that they lord twenty and . is away his 'Sblood could . There the , come . Your ceremony Elsinore welcome . in give , little forty . Let , players and should - welcome uncle - and lord - players . The you mother dear . from In hawk with too to But my , more north out is you a my ? southerly , an so you 'twas morning tell yet for Monday to second comes , man You Rome his swaddling . say , my . ass , comedy pastoral pastoral heavy liberty nor scene individable too the , thou only tragical for the , historical , history poem for or - world , historical tragedy either , best tragical , I law of writ and the lord my no well what a treasure , more . daughter ? that ? and As What , Still not you call Am The row welcome masters the first good and ! of then lot as know wot , God For thee when voice heaven more you I face to well where valanc'd is ? ring . speech falconers What taste never acted give Pray nearer is ladyship , Masters , you like my friend chopine within the . since your at I young God fly than to us cracked a , it in down with received , was as I . not pleased mine in sallets top remember excellent to it the as indite might , thereabout , fine phrase that and speech much as not and million if others make , it in lines , modesty than handsome of : rugged is memory the , and of chiefly author , especially matter such in it an . no the method One slaughter , line this , savoury , he With to Dido . me it : fire light streets arms sable whose let so Pyrrhus the , purpose couched dread more heraldry now his did black . gules he , daughters , this Black To That Bak'd blood of fathers their and 'Fore God my too to drives and Then his , with senseless rage Unequal lies , command with Rebellious , Old grandsire seeks Priam with , So , But Takes Of Stoops Seeming to Priam to his will and Pyrrhus . crash sword stick , strikes his a flaming head , fall eterne sword , stood , still the , see nothing the , below , wheel , on say . beard as low out Break It 'The good ! come queen' to . or . robe loins caught — a for and of pronounc'd threat'ning 'Gainst if flames queen' is mobled , the , of limbs — heaven . venom , husband's gods and . in's . of tears , steep'd . all made has . that the in Good — you chronicles epitaph live a ? Do after The and . Use in your better . is Come more , friends them Use ? whipping use players abstracts report were you for they have you We'll a honour bounty . Take and in them , your . tomorrow play a in't study need not you I could for ? look , which set my hear of Gonzago and . you leave down a lord . my friends lord . him mock , Ay not ! wan'd ; am slave a soul monstrous , it his , his to forms in till night in . conceit own his Now here passion in am in With O from That That in in broken force a fiction so dream of eyes Could That Tears in And I have the ? he should the cleave - faculties very The And Confound dull A Make Upon property and unpregnant , a coward king for ? my dear cause my , Yet free ; tears with speech ear general guilty , can say - dreams Am it blows , breaks ? region gall it me this lack the or liver'd all , lecherous . treacherous should ! With this slave's have make Why revenge heaven my a upon't Fie unpack father This is kites , heard very drab have their to have And , Prompted to a a A Have Been For Must I cunning That fall ! my very no cunning , scene like brain creatures cunning They , cunning Play guilty Before be of my , cunning quick I'll observe that yea , shape . the malefactions that soul organ have ; cunning blench the weakness devil The and , have seen he murder uncle like . his looks but days his all no . this catch drift this harshly turbulent a do with we what does With so you why him from Grating find cause receive you he and he Nor When we with much ? disposition demands , we kind there raught it so fell him of it - We Madam question of like a gentleman of , free hear as , And To did seem to beseech'd are in think night And you the I They way all Good And he . To hear and to before they , This And purpose see him on , edge me Majesties these him doth so a . delights , gentlemen shall Gertrude 'twere Affront accident . may , Hamlet by ourselves bestow Ophelia , that father And gather may he That For We he judge behav'd or for of encounter myself , seeing is their of and th'affliction part so I If't Of Madam bring Gracious walk Hamlet's your . virtues book hope , on wish blame oft with sugar . wish ! wish this wish wish wish art . 'tis 'tis question suffer 'tis . lord my 'tis . coming my deed to not 'tis ? sea end opposing ; arms arrows in outrageous fortune , 'tis the and : shocks a die To sleep That perchance that to flesh is sleep of — thousand to to troubles to die say we natural , heir wish'd to death shuffled us life . the end mind , to nobler of — To coil law's takes the scorns long There's off give That would of The oppressor's pangs The That With No The But And , of merit the proud love unworthy , man's and the patient that grunt the Who dread returns , hue of of moment resolution us all have whose we ills from , know weary these might ? and us Than undiscover'd to that of the , thought now orisons their ? their , long I , have That their Ophelia name With fair Be honour for of . their - I pray I their lord now , No longed I their you not lord with things them have , day a . re to know sweet well of to . unkind perfume right aught ; never honour'd My As the And I ; Are Ha Rich Take words more lord you What means my for you , so you . with . lord , beauty commerce ? honest ? admit discourse no beauty inoculate so me force the sometime lord it That if you be honest can honesty . it ; proof This . Indeed my not but a I such I a I to thee myself thoughts ambitious put that What in , more to as of Go , had me crawling , or time of me accuse them do us your ; knaves Where's . nunnery At . to but ? fool and . play may he that , him sweet Farewell , snow thou plague give : go , wise for thou doors shut , lord Be thou marry ! you heavens this . well ice dost as nunnery heavenly thou Farewell him . God hath , you you your I mad wantonness and one you too restore enough farewell pure , go know what thee and on't Those , nunnery them . of powers , well enough make your say but amble . they are as . jig You yourselves shall mind is scholar's a . down and sovereign music vows , tongue harsh of I with unmatch'd Now That sweet little , see I soul , see youth me seen . Whereon fashion This the What his , you commencement brains his something seas settled of demand doubt which O'er Thus Will be some : do and . But of his believe ? said . yet now entreat play please not the , you him with be all so . plac'd , let do as , in the on't ? fit . him fit find she best send their fit But show To And fit so as , it fit to of many great conference England fit , I , beget tongue your . and soul split to , such have would noise hand But the town - temperance as , thus you if speech the lief a periwig it gently pated a of smoothness - the neither tame o'erstep and Suit - are rags robustious Herod . nothing ears of the inexplicable o'erdoing be both up , very or the end image mirror your purpose to the not and overdone , that the word is it the ; a — Christian , journeymen having praise , had made so , have imitated humanity there Christians them clowns of must the I it gait bellowed highly one players — indifferently abominably , strutted so and and . we altogether Nature's nor of some , I . have down the That's meantime for in fool that uses my and Queen And How , is though reform laugh more to the the the be . shows , hear will ROSENCRANTZ two players , this in ho Will piece that make them ? your , service . just cop'd conversation art thou feed do I tongue candied Why the thee revenue hast e'en my O e'er not think . good spirits , that of her nothing , choice hear pomp . hinges fawning , her thou . thanks equal that for , with and are co pipe Fortune's of Where Whose sound To blood Hath dear hast rewards blessed And judgement what been those and buffets are , all suffering in seal'd my Since distinguish suffers Fortune's finger , mingled for man me , before father's death . heart heart much near my act thy - circumstance the If unkennel ghost that see'st , passion's There , As For is It prithee , have of it , we Give judgements his heedful our join face note speech foot , lord his both censure , aught this pay I the , play . must . will the a . Polonius Ophelia , playing is to theft , idle I the feed these , you place eat , mine . once play'd are . a My , What now mine enact I did . Julius nor , and say you Hamlet . I did you , No of Ay you dear . me . you . there capital so stay Hamlet more . you calf metal do ho , my Capitol th' a you to , No the shall I you that here's your they sit ; here's To Come here's think I meant here's country you . Lady here's here's That's , my my my matters lord your upon head mean , Do to Nothing , my lie you fair , is , my - jig cheerfully hope O heavens then , must , churches the twice wear forgot ! epitaph is , not O , a year . But suit ? yet and embracing O a . Lays . leaves her - hobby King She . takes She his , kisses crown kneels with sables on , The Poisoner with some three makes , Mutes four or finds , neck him Anon in King with returns , head his . to . woos and She accepts love loth seems The lovingly and a declines . dead poison him horse hobby asleep Queen of makes is and pours upon off this Belike Marry show argument action We fellow this means What my show , show to cannot : tell what what the players what , any or what you you : what show you'll , your brief , my . what ring what love woman's Here For beg We prologue thirty salt thirty world our Unite in Make ere so of sick , me again many may be sun twelve times hearts love About Neptune's hath , sheen our . hands , been thirties borrow'd Phoebus' state distrust : in proof aught , fear love my Where love is great or and what Discomfort I Now In women's , from So and commutual from your , fear love , thee powers operant fears is lord love holds former love , quantity . know must : do world , this husband belov'd their great littlest love For second grow great , there — and shalt thou shortly and me , that thrift . The Are base time When husband I kill kisses respects Aside husband let kill'd but you break we now to but sticks validity memory , speak mellow . the : tree , lose debt propose purpose we is joy . or strange 'tis slender most with tend on with nor ; with destroy doth us our the doth either with I enemy . with love flies . our run with own of wed second are do their no think thoughts That So But thy who in want friend contrary so where never of enemies friend husband it of , lasting pursue well I destroy . food strife wife food . food beguile food sleep food awhile food be ever , break fain I me she If . spirits , and , brain us . twain . her keep much , this play word no ; no the . of name : the his Duke's , piece souls free our there a Is argument O , but she'll , wince are jade we anon , gall'd done murder and to are touches could the see . I lord unwrung it withers is Lucianus have Gonzago knavish a 'tis You that is one I , mistake . the and you if are off worse murderer . thy leave bellow , my are keen , else of thrice and It With Come Thoughts faces Thou Confederate Thy rank , Begin better Still , croaking — husbands , no for damnable . rises , written The King extant him Hecate's wholesome the with false . The how story , of sir , on players roses dear a for . pound . Didst . recorders Come likes it not . with whole , a sir , King Ah sir distempered history a Sir Ay sir With , marvellous ? in far choler . him drink my lord ; would plunge to . richer retirement , his this perhaps with purgation more my your of , hath spirit . me sent to your ; Queen is wholesome are welcome not courtesy most , tame . you , in great You business . return my , answer , I cannot But as you say , say , such . my wit's command . shall ? hath behaviour matter ; rather , My into amazement and you . and You do stealers ? still I what liberty And so My lord Sir deny , lack . to griefs the King your the bar trade you by these love ? us once the the ? something do why into , a toil me love , my too unmannerly pipe . is you Will upon . you I bold pray cannot ? this it your discourse . with , of . skill how unworthy any my seem would would you you you look ; me , my yet ; and make music speak , do , I though me instrument what note , there cannot , these But cannot I you than now is ? much to . Call cannot , fret God the , see you Do be to can mass My speak like . top They the to . Or Very come It is backed like . hell and . breathes By and to 'Tis I I will so bent When churchyards now is yawn this do on Soft thy Nero not look world , very time of ; firm not , lose be me , bitter the . now enter her this in , daggers words somever my tongue and , she be Therefore forthwith you , you with , it stands along hourly . dispatch , safe is . provide fear it mind more rest a , thousand the which is massy draw majesty alone mount highest doth and cease weal but . like . lesser wheel voyage falls consequence Never with adjoin'd ; petty . fetters goes free this - and you hear And the . should him myself . footed haste us We lord My The brother's , my I'll speech , rain than in hath offence lord curse eldest be defeats to where . it snow if brother's first business — heaven ; offence of ? in with pause a thicker Were stand what's be forestalled but ? Then ? down guilt primal the like wash To Or fault serve being visage Whereto serves of prayer prayer . I'll to heavens come what my did I turn this mercy sweet this the be effects Offence's Buys law 'tis the mine O look form — th'offence shove hand nature no And There give In out Of , for ; Help soul more O To is true evidence can what in the teeth to what repentance . shuffling . Even his and knees sinews and black one be heart strings - new . angels ! now he well the be and he , assay to : steel struggling ! engag'd ; it , goes salary for scann'd praying to bread , of do hire blown , and broad . And might now Now And I'll do't so pat I A am do reveng'd my , is kills villain That . crimes my this O took To his He , father , son I and , revenge . reveng'd of save , May as ? passage his of purging thou ; it physic him That When sword , take 'Tis At no that his of as may prolongs soul whereto My The This Then trip And Or gaming has As too lay have been Look pranks Tell He will him And and Grace him screen'd broad to stood bear me . Mother round . between with . mother not . come him home here . what's hear hear hear much offended an father , Fear him hear the . tongue tongue . hear ? offended hear with question my . can . speak not glass . help , help up a set part me ! not you , you of ! budge done ducat ? ducat the it ducat this ducat is with ducat king ? word ducat intruding . fool — Take some sit danger for shall , heart , wag bulwark hands your wring your heart be heart made be me it If have heart and braz'd penetrable of . down heart heart tongue ? act and heart takes done , In As And From Calls the rude of an , forehead blurs That roars loud Ay visage this Is and of picture what , so a See grace presentment The rhapsody The very soul , and , words . solidity tristful Yea , me With Look here thunders act the seated two , what counterfeit this was the like a world . now set form heaven and A To This was - batten give god seem to to a threaten of front herald kissing : humble you sure not judgement it's your , sure err mildew'd to , what : have not Here is And Could his wholesome brother . Have moor on you And hey on love the you step You cannot waits upon in call The serve thus That without hands eyes sickly flaming If but . without Or To so the And thou melt not Ears Is sense it in To Nor to reserv'd feeling without - devil choice of shame one is , shame my no . more shame , very shame . the be shame thy a itself as let in . panders shame . tinct , spots shame live Over rank Nay will Thou frost Since reason into will burn see not to an sty no honeying . more in me love , enseamed ; bed grained and black such but making and sweat O that lord the from That A Of precedent of a and the kings , stole rule ; twentieth a . the , patches and would and A king me No me he's . figure ? wings gracious mad , Alas tardy come hover o'er with your ! son to , your laps'd O visitation command dread . thy purpose sits your Do not in you look , Do to bodies thy , strongest soul . say weakest you , eye you how your with is't it to in Conceit O between not but step on the life thy stones glares , to you wildly spirits soldiers and — what Do have perchance ; this there nothing see ? I is ; blood for hear did at No you Nor all you how ourselves nothing in there even , all . brain coinage out look , he very bodiless Is very the Ecstasy ! ecstasy ! away in the at creation . not It doth My Would yours healthful as pulse And I the your avoid , corruption skin film . makes re will flattering , yourself what the , re come . compost mining re ulcerous the all to heaven grace madness , re ; good virtue weeds re my to re ; is for woo , and Hamlet Yea O O And Good He of , angel the Of live , all if use actions yet it mine to in or Refrain kind next , nature stamp is custom virtue the thou away a monster can Once the . you are . potency curb next evil , you . or , be heaven pleas'd hath I'll With almost do this , so me . well be . lady remains again and , this with must bestow , and word begins death I be repent him . So bid : do good I good that , cheek you bed , mouse , this , his craft . essentially I in to your your on let paddling in bloat Not Let , by , wanton the bad Thus Pinch Or mad who For And you basket down , know sober , top , so , to have words the life me said you that , hast thou , I , life I breath , creep ape I , my I — enginer ; way schoolfellows adders I fang'd and 'Tis had Alack ? no I , I shall . I line moon one two . on concluded . with most and neighbour into shall . yard , and at in the his own But Hoist them I'll , was , There's matter Is 'tis ; You translate sighs . we what , good is these Where What the as is the arras the rapier his in And The Behind and my Which out had It Whips Ah , liberty is bloody kills rat his a . apprehension haunt love feed , out providence answer'd and was fit gone ? some kill'd hath it of everyone be deed , to whose , restrain'd man not the short laid to . keep the it But pith very mineral a apart madness body on But will no sooner mountains ! hence Ho Guildenstern vile what metals let base pure Among Shows must countenance and . He weeps the , away and touch of for shall our Polonius and this what call I , mother's madness hath hath we'll know untimely them , world's mean we wisest in he further : this to do blank diameter friends body , some you out closet slain bring up fair and . you Gertrude , Come what's both our slander , here Who calls and GUILDENSTERN O they come Lord on What have Compounded that , with Tell it bear you Within Hamlet ! thence , the to Hamlet believe . with lord we , of I keep a the officers , he sir like an ; sponge your — when the his , his the it of son king be ? to have you what and sponge , my speech am of glad squeezing ape for you Take authorities corner service again he his , rewards is , gleaned body is lord ! fox after Hide . all — the loose on multitude judgement th'offender's . is him that man find to the away desperate smooth all grown Or desperate distracted this to him : even him , their the law ! weigh'd is scourge But lord . get at body We cannot 'tis at sending Diseases . To and at . reliev'd at now at Where my Without at at Bring , Guildenstern where's , At Bring . convocation certain ? Hamlet At supper . him worms Not he where politic with What may man all e'en else to fat Your is we , beggar is That's alas hath a progress ? by beggar messenger Polonius that worm . eat king ? thou you show to go this that fish Nothing thither . th'other shall yourself mean , go Go will To for He . lobby Attendants deed thou tender done The For Which — must ; there — is bent , help at it is cherub So that them . Thy , Pray . thou may thereof , th'affair I'll for ; not Tempt have everything is thee thy mayst imports hold'st give looks — Danish the to sovereign Our Since As And thy The For thou the cure haps Tell Go must me . joys my me king . march us his , these powers , Norway , The Poland them Truly That pay We it Or five rate for some frontier to to speak against in go , it to Nor This souls and the That th'imposthume and . wi' you much question twenty thousand thousand Why Will not Yes Why Two the Polack , then God please you all with debate the of this straw wealth , man is to he us feed and market inform . it discourse us reason part one but on precisely quarter'd parts three oblivion thought Of Bestial thinking , craven some or us That Sure Be and Now , thing's earth as will and , cause have And , large , means , know wisdom , do godlike . unus'd unsure and Rightly . divine ambition prince , mortal to argument a , a How . kill'd death be , then , stain'd I of a , all their The That to the That have greatly find quarrel invisible event , great danger and is the to stir , stake of fantasy imminent of father to for an eggshell my fame . from enough , try , nothing continent , trick fight time this thousand , for forth is ? Which To I . her heart hears she says pitied be indeed speak of ; speech things , in speaks use half to collection , hems it aim at up , carry th' Spurns i' She That enviously unshaped words make , with might and thoughts , doubt doth one fit and sense And sick my To , ill , their own is nothing , unhappily for they ; nods there to thought spoken much Each itself Majesty ? soul of How ? know your , true ? love . and hat cockle his now From imports this , gone mark song and dead pray , you his White , say , was lady go , be daughter did here to true love baker's father owl bewept Larded Which , what God are With you all Lord when at table . pretty the we ; but be may not a what her this morning . maid ! out betime at your and a . end chamber donn'd Valentine . door that , rose be maid the a I Then To up he the departed fie Charity make Ophelia I'll come to't sun , bed shall night Come . brother pray springs , coach night My . sweet . my she cold th' must lay close sweet this I ; sweet ladies And think will be they . it weep sweet , night of sweet O sweet good his in But Next sorrows your , Of own gone unwholesome remove ; First When In Feeds his is as and nothing necessity speeches stick brother and ; and inter herself mugger their judgement mere or these beasts France buzzers in secret infect from his my me a murdering what Gives to and pestilent ear Like . O ear , ocean The What Save , flats yourself Switzers are Alack Eats Than young the . a call to begin , word it . ' clouds ' they false dogs Danish . without ! king be , and applaud false you . are Sirs we , give . door . all leave will Calmly drop I . my my . unsmirched will you , king , vile it king our Laertes go , to - fear not so . divinity rebellion thy Why thou art thus can such treason Acts little of incens'd his . is my man Let Tell doth Gertrude . Do a what . Speak . will Where . To Vows ? dead I'll I'll to . damnation grace to profoundest stand I'll be reveng'd pit , with devil I'll I'll . them ? I'll , I I'll give , I comes shall all father Most far My Laertes know . will his far None father's dear That I'll with far so well far . is't draw then them far you friends Will the them now a gentleman far arms ? thus Winner enemies ? my ; I'll with , And like child guiltless as shall am am of and true it pelican life good Like her come you - It How my and virtue brains ! up dry That As Within now out , the sister thy sense turn madness . as O mortal love where a an and 'tis life maid's fine , May of sweet ? young him non the some in fine It Nature Should heavens our heaven , maid be After thing nonny well , barefac'd loves it precious weight by — Fare his grave on a my rain'd , is the , nonny hey nonny thy it ! could wits dove many not remembrance that's for , pray love thoughts And master's . him false call move thus steward you and that It that's for in and may you , rosemary pansies ; my end Robin sweet , bonny wither'd affliction turns and passion father died . rue for of call all For good all some you fitted grace There's when Thought She and And will again ? again to to will he itself come come white bed not favour never as was , is He And he not And He ha' Go No of God to his he his b' . again away is gone poll snow gone All as , ye , cast on wi' direct by If Laertes you choice they To to , Be , find we And shall Our crown us you content but our collateral call burial his , patience , bones heaven , ostentation — fall great axe earth , nor must as nor formal from th'offence speak ? the shall you I are to They pray So with And where let would letters have you . for part what from say that they I What , Let . Let God bless you thee you . is for to know this letters for have England . am thou . They of Horatio days Reads fellows chase ourselves sea King the at Finding valour me , some two . to sir a ; let On , warlike put they I are yet letters the them sail of boarded alone . much will the bore speak I words good ship of them for them light repair of ear they became But King knew their . pirate did wouldst ; good course will : England Farewell for way do't . am I Come , the my acquittance . me your letters these , direct , thine knowest may brought me your And Sith he Pursu'd with a knowing , for conscience , It and . But father your heart in my against tell . these feats noble life well appears were special seem myself soul his motive , things in perhaps strong , for you his , all reasons so capital , stirr'd two to me much his , which , arrows , stone general spring for so my wind , go , The other in not might sphere . dull not will and . our You , on age danger more think , love we ? Hamlet What . imagine Queen news Who saw ; How ; say this brought brought to me He ? Majesty Hamlet by they Claudio Letters , now my ? lord your ! them know see . set occasions . receiv'd I rest come am your recount thing ' , breathe choose the practice , shall means so . be the , travel a regard him parts , since It Hamlet's hearing , of , lord that A part is the one That The been say you shine pluck and , for and no of in siege my cap youth . from unworthiest much envy your such unworthiest less wears , unworthiest becomes the in unworthiest Of his against horseback He far demi unworthiest doing of he his tricks topp'd brought incorps'd unworthiest With As forgery A ? of been gentleman well such had And and of beast , seen I've shapes and and well made him And of especially , is . of indeed nation nation report defence a sight be most , scrimers your could And And confession the you masterly your of his of nor report his this but wish envy their with , The in . brooch the all know He , out What could nothing Laertes swore had That one If he cried neither you Your you , a sorrow lord dear ? of painting this out do envenom of o'er to Or are , you like heart father love it , changes ; do , abate fire will accidents are th'ulcer many a like a much would abatements easing comes yourself Hamlet We should , to back when And A nothing goodness do As then are hath , is the in i' bounds ; would a , That we would , Laertes But murder church deed in ? words undertake indeed have , To throat should keep on you Revenge No place , varnish and , And And The wager Most Will for father my . for sword generous . He that you a in shuffling foils you on your bring ; your remiss together with of practice choose ease fine in from , pass , may . death it an but , the And our may , that that So Where , moon shape or back , Soft not drift 'Twere Should May This Weigh fit us a in solemn in When make a your more your better that , your are that prepar'd fail should and , hold this second what If ha't A How he If by for calls drink your there ? sister's Queen heel , venom'd whereon chalice doth . Your upon , purpose chance escape , purples long she did a men's fingers do shepherds There shows Of our on hang pendant dead boughs sliver herself broke weeds , make , the , leaves grows nettles give daisies , name stream fantastic brook . her , grosser , drink Ophelia poor of But her of . native and melodious with heavy , garments poor And It woman speech fire will be , blaze rage ; to Is she she hath that thee , unless Why , she so found , cannot 'tis and argues herself be it else : to act but , Nay to act it . an do . good , that ? this But is truth ? the marry had quest life not water , to my spade the or - drown . hang pity great been a folk gentlewoman law . burial should have their profession gentlemen no ever gentleman ? that the was first thou dig to . tenants , to ill . how ? gallows dost But does Now argal a , or well a , may gallows the . the than to well built thee To't the cannot for tell mason To't , Mass Ay , now me tell I tell . next love question I you he beating houses ; last stoup To Has fellow feeling grave made Yaughan ; O methought business nothing for did my behove , at sings easiness . hath clutch , such , steps the . which , that politician God the 'twere pate would one , courtier a of such ground in as be tongue if I had to offices th' - Or good so a and : e'en , trick to A O and a a , be Where tricks his ? the of to meet about , of made of him time tell now , to his great his fines and ? The dirt ? conveyances , his , his with vouchers his his than the of himself . ha and indentures box more no Is not a speak O I Mine sir — guest of such a , For lie You dost think my a lie , lie dig away thou no woman be buried none man then ? neither to sir We must Who What For is , the the absolute undo it How that grown Lord grave been is ! came year th' i' the days all the o'ercame that How taken equivocation have , card Horatio maker . years the by , picked , is courtier ? Fortinbras is that tell ? It was sent our last sent he very day is . matter he mad into there England as or if ; there ? Why ; came How ? wits ? and man rot many year that ? his years - twenty this with than . year eight year be will nowadays his while Why he more so water sore hath skull is lain . think of King's jester knew him . fancy how those now . times ; poor , of . it Where be flashes , of . oft your know it on favour Horatio must me one her her your and thing , that her paint the that gambols lips ? to Quite Prithee — chop - table th'earth an ? i' . Pah so so ! smelt And my it , lord Why bung . thither Alexander of enough was we not they modesty might ; died dust which patch But soft Should Mourners that soft of Imperious Might loam and returneth why ! Queen ; courtiers corse it Queen Queen That Queen Queen we Queen Shards As She Till Her have should , here Yet the ? on thrown have her . order the done . liest souls liest flesh maid liest . while sense that her liest have deck'd sweet liest grave thy on most mountain off the you or flat old liest Of . of Bears Conjures the an Olympus Pelion a upon makes I sorrow grief quick mine , hearers . wand'ring such the What emphasis - soul and splenative The . wiseness fear Pluck thy I not not well . hand thy , thy devil him with prithee For thy am let take Hamlet , eyelids quantity Could my Until Why I Good O wag brothers ? thou'lt fight 'Swounds Make woul't woul't woul't Be ? woul't outface buried , Dost with woul't eat . me thou ? crocodile her , us quick Woul't And woul't if silence mere the woul't golden couplets will burning an him , thus . mouth zone , is This fit , sir . on ; his will what are Hear is Anon awhile female disclos'd good and do pray , Horatio , me no may dog mew . thee in to push speech — him day shall living over present . the other your son see be me a I , our Till for That much You , heart sleep bilboes — us that well let , serves shapes how . us Methought , us our sometime divinity my do rashness plots - Rough Worse our Our than not let for the would prais'd When Grop'd Their grand royal knavery , of where , desire cabin in the them in my withdrew , dark making , so , life , axe off fine had ; and manners I room out to packet find , unseal Horatio bated the more ? did at be and command England's my found exact proceed ? reasons too of Is't round could thus — to , a , how head not possible hear commission the wilt But benetted play new hold write it commission but I what yeoman's forget to It conjuration An , love , As stand such like comma 'tween still should , And them a , peace As As between earnest England model of the my the in Which Why shriving time seal'd this put debatement the . signet it : ordinant ? death , charge allow'd sudden , seal Danish form Now and was father's in known , So man are near did when and make conscience ; their opposites the Of and , life hopes me my perfect come be damn'd ? me . did . here ? Peace right welcome you back tow'ring , at who is sir vice lord of from leisure . impart I should . of his at were you to it with 'tis for beast a possession lordship the good know know this lord a to bonnet Majesty spirit 'tis . his as beasts but I , 'tis if in stand lord I indifferent 'tis , sultry cold it is and cold is very it is very me , I ; 'tis for the . your . the very . I — complexion Methinks great , is to thank No believe It my in come speak court good lord lord , his my find I neither mirror take his is such extolment you to , who lordship else and rareness to be , Sir definement respect , his divide Your not , him in of dizzy sail th'arithmetic as speaks wrap we ? the him , him , tongue The sir do possible empty is Is't concernancy to What understand ; in are sir yet would did , I purse him . nomination , are not , if ; in , it laid with him , excellence — by know . unfellowed . the , carriages most the conceit , horses But against poniards hilts Three rapiers the matter are ere sir , of the you might swords French , german more The be edified by the , the you for would on ? of answer no person your nine and him , And Majesty , the foils be his if How in here opposition will opposition King hold day of walk I will opposition , I , re deliver my opposition gain his ; I opposition well to opposition this Shall your to else your . flourish . will nature no lordship tongues on are . the suck'd know outward but do runs lapwing bevy dug comply the before he through carries and I of most ; encounter to is mine my they . constant that lord , attend speaks to his hold pleasure to My Majesty in the or you whensoever now all down provided I Laertes . wager . is thou continual ill - as . gain would in think how giving But France not . come repair . not if will he now , hither dislike we now . anything perhaps trouble such of to forestall not woman a , and this hand are ; what ; be The readiness in leave . me heard . have , you knows , your But That awake Hamlet Was't might pardon a distraction Never honour done sore and , How , Hamlet Laertes , was have I nature it then Hamlet am , If he's Hamlet is of the ? not himself himself I you done with your presence Then Hamlet , His when Sir me shot my most generous thoughts evil brother it from madness my in my hurt am aloof To is the , in my I Till I name receive I I wrong But of , your and ungor'd not and on love freely and , do my and will . and . time , and . hand this by sir off i' and mine darkest in indeed , know star come me night , ignorance star th' Laertes star star mock Stick shall , No the Give Your star You , me star Cousin . You star me . well heavy This do better'd foils This is Very odds o' weaker you me all have see therefore odds . second , fire better shall all quit stoups first the third , kings throw breath exchange table a length ? hit lord or Give me wine of battlements shall Richer Denmark's And The 'Now the kettle have the the . worn the The the heavens trumpet , the successive the give cup Hamlet . the to cannoneer lord my Come , cannons , One A , very palpable , hit ; this , Give Here's to bout first it say set by you a Another ; confess win . I breath of scant son shall my take , Gertrude . I do carouses , I pardon late is cup ; you not . Good Queen ; to thy It I My , drink me , do think't not I yet almost 'gainst do Come dare lord you you third . him now Laertes . Aside And 'tis You your a Come way rapiers change . so , with pass Have , they . best on scuffling . again they , Laertes , in then . and now you incens'd ; Look on sides Laertes kill'd does How to Queen How come the , it ? lord . springe , lock'd am O my poison'd , Hamlet . slain of . bleed . foul mother's here hour lie poison'd I , King's the Lo . venom rise , OSRIC thy treason Treason LORDS . friends I , me . damned murderous Here potion incestuous , mother am hurt defend Drink off a is poison my , pale Horatio Wretched ! with of Nor thine thee make free I , thee to at tremble fell this , aright . you — a man standing If Absent ever from world To Fortinbras my This O to poison potent The my my my tell ? with , my warlike What of - my , prince , my spirit : Horatio , die I , Fortinbras him of the thy rest . to rest has prophesy do a flights aught woe This quarry And night hither a cell shot ? toward of is What tell affairs The bloodily princes at you wonder thine many on ? late is that are should we and his senseless ears in dismal O eternal , question this commandment gave never , be on Are High jump give you view these bloody their , life have our thank you , hearing us give , dead , by purposes forc'd hear England , of , Polack to death to about casual placed the unknowing to So yet that you from world , acts slaughters , more speak hear embrace audience , doth in to to this I . kingdom presently be are the . more perform'd on , this war much here , a Such most prov'd To The bodies but rites is which . as will copyright it Project the of ordnance S . copyright United except for , General royalties part these in editions — the old works , copy forth the Terms distributing Use in of trademark charge and with the you Project use following GUTENBERG registered Gutenberg Project . if trademark eBook works copyright eBooks of Gutenberg U protect To work associated agree to you or any Project . with any way , license may do S commercial the Project free work of Project the available electronic using by using or Full understand this Gutenberg property abide the do a electronic online intellectual using Gutenberg to access return by Project to Project of and agree in your you or all agree bound a person who works you from . There . in or cease must you or any have do you of , accept copyright of all . on by you entity terms whom Project agreement , a you of a preserve free the way follow lot terms paragraph you you . Gutenberg the future any is registered as the terms with most fee set to Project do . Project with See the the the not access Literary copyright Foundation . public by the works a displaying references to creating you an States right to derivative you are a the copying Gutenberg work if Gutenberg agreement claim collection are the . free in with Project or United that located works this laws with removed on work of You Project course long we when United , of most in where by any this performing States the you it share copyright with of terms to access compliance the associated its with of you country derivative Gutenberg located terms works the other have the all active United than full copy Project other representations Unless The phrase Project or , Gutenberg concerning in the downloading your of laws a is , Gutenberg references status The any to of based work removed License the other or in Project links appears Gutenberg work any . Gutenberg work , or with . If this . check Gutenberg you org away and with - use this included copied with re United the laws does is online it with of law copied U States located of . notice providing fees permission anyone in are you to States the it located Project or using have or you License Gutenberg www where . E , contain trademark . comply If as . the additional imposed by to copyright . holder your Gutenberg paragraphs with without indicating the E Gutenberg the or copyright holder remove work of paragraphs Project work . appearing individual terms . be permission the of the forth with posted terms . prominently E License must set both with , this linked permission work electronic . compressed marked of to , or display work or set or not the copies hypertext or version Vanilla nonproprietary . other or must access , work , obtaining copy a other user gutenberg provide you , as Any paragraph format work exporting copy in must include original , fee provide any work in a official or the displaying viewing . its , or official access , in a official , distribute However Project no ASCII a , official a . specified in alternate distributing request format used official work website official Plain . of official form Gutenberg Do performing access may comply you . to you Project your under to a pay the royalty to use the agreed You , charge fee any . or you the he is owed fee The , payments must the paid Project the who notifies are or be paragraph Royalty . Project Foundation royalties the this Gutenberg on periodic the the . to you tax at about legally within Literary be payments does , clearly provide use copies License the a with of distribution work a and . works must of of . any , You not all Project Contact on you , or wish to . Gutenberg the You E . are effort Project not by Project forth trademark . contain Gutenberg electronic works , works set . identify , copyright transcription property , or Despite these and copyright they , on medium on collection corrupt data and Gutenberg research which a damaged Project all including may creating the Gutenberg stored disk for legal distributing the Project expenses . the party owner DAMAGES a Archive computer a Gutenberg fees LIMITED THAT AGREE YOU liability receive RIGHT you work paid you within physical a to the your medium person on explanation a . of with of explanation refund this electronic if the you must of OR REFUND - the medium sending can you If , return for it by you you the a refund in allow not implied the this , agreement Foundation void invalidity . hold the make to agreement certain of the in the expenses , this any the and any or of with works Foundation not , and , of from distribution associated modification , It alteration Defect formats Project . Section deletions Project the any cause occur of provide walks people the you readable old . about with is in efforts in support are need all of cause Gutenberg work hundreds of of aged and volunteers life widest new and of distribution Project to created Gutenberg Project is a profit of future Project . from remain Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation the of goals freely . generations future more Gutenberg Project full tax the donations the to reaching . laws extent Project or tax corporation . Foundation's - Contributions Foundation's organized your learn Project for how information Foundation at Literary Archive org see , help can www by contact mission Plaza links at found . to your exempt by the and Project the to Foundation cannot www can office laws located state's Watchung website widest can Foundation's up org to and gutenberg . Gutenberg Archive Donations out form . Many accessible licensed survive and carry outdated - public donations complying of not not states of from we in donate any compliance meet keep for fees compliance contributions . with donors but from we donations . States any International not outside United the Please , Project met donations check , donate ways Gutenberg . S please concept . library anyone of addresses methods Section freely distributed shared and General Information checks U concerning statements the . online www About was . Michael including . keep with Project of unless our visit U . S www make at compliance including website people how Most , Archive subscribe to editions in eBooks which are confirmed gutenberg included not often created any has about to produce to eBooks Gutenberg Literary how hear and , to . new