unfold yourself Stand . Stand Francisco Stand Stand , your to 'Tis heart Stand ? Stand Stand Stand . haste , Who is there ? night ? tonight good Marcellus seen Touching And us to not let 'tis will Horatio I nothing says dreaded , He That if again watch I the take , sight this eyes our tush and 'twill against our seen we sit Barnardo of all westward , two us That When same Thou the , Peace Most Looks . art it that usurp'st that thou art It with , warlike . speak ! charge , tremble You something ! gone 'Tis , not What might fantasy ? believe ! on ! work gone at this he 'Tis and strange , Norway had he on combated Polacks when . and strict same sit nightly And And some gross particular thought , down this such divide mart of toward joint that That whisper but even you , Whose least At image know on by which of us , pride the ? with week the sweaty haste that - Who the can is't , Thereto as Well he Against been he And fell inheritance as of , by our seiz'd King vanquisher . and article ; the sir Hamlet skirts Of to Did forfeit gaged the which Was by So But lost terms to up of mettle , of , some state our lands hand take preparations And of , other this watch haste it it through sort be no that armed and is the was mote it is most ere little A stood even to earth Have As And Was Disasters whose almost with moist the to prologue heaven harbingers climatures Lo it , sound to , me good ease , thing , art to do thee to there thou to may to Extorted if of to Stop to to to Do to at it ! walk and ! majestical so Marcellus partisan ? the mockery of it do We And is it the , at to have when thing morn the trumpet and and speak it a the sea of started lofty is then was To It And It This confine Upon , in . birth the dawning no hath spirit say , our that The then nights are they bird The , wholesome and . to the of And on . part by my speak it duty him high . mantle in yon and do up for , pray , find I conveniently Voltemand and , kingdom befitted whole us , him . of think our , wisest remembrance sister on with fought ourselves a defeated dropping eye state , marriage herein in dirge and we have freely all Fortinbras worth frame brother's out and of advantage of young , our our of know dear be by weak you For , our that death law him , suppress , hears : dispatch we proportions : greeting further personal no to and , Cornelius good bearers you Out , gait impotent uncle bed and and : with , for , his You The Of this To His the Thus lists , of of subject ; herein For further Giving business with In And told voice . What What the heartily we farewell doubt it Laertes and CORNELIUS things let these what's ; We You And what's what's What what's Than leave my , Laertes thy . what's , duty what's thoughts what's what's From whence must and them Yet To to leave to bend in to return show to confess duty now to to to to Have to you seal'd seal'd By my seal'd He seal'd , lord , hath seal'd seal'd seal'd How Aside seal'd so Thou know'st that common is . dust , Denmark hang still I too much colour madam 'tis not for ever with in common look with particular it , nature , Do thine eye cast thy a vailed on lids . seems thee ? breath good , Nay , not that , seem of passeth actions have the These but But I in to , your give But Together No Nor That For can all denote sweet and must , To . shows heart a . unfortified understanding know we most must . the As . For Take . the death To fault it heart . absurd and who , till corse father . so . woe , most We and for ; he ' , must the dead most a From fathers , let the our world throw to which is in Our pray I Let I Why shall in as But And O Thaw Or weary How to to grows That Possess Hyperion So months so so so Visit he a might face if so think month , or wants married poor so my — month so like with discourse Why no . but so unrighteous mine my more Within of flushing so in the left Had such . married O dexterity my She same poor my servant myself well you see forget my good . my name from My I'll And what change you Marcellus that glad what , to faith see . A good lord you good my Wittenberg , sir . say lord ; truant . mother's deep ere ? you Elsinore own of affair your my I We'll teach yourself think Indeed Would My Or saw him once man him goodly . he father . he he in he a he for again all . he he yesternight ? he deliver may gentlemen . hear me these of attent Season the marvel let had their . together For This Upon Two nights Marcellus dead at and point before truncheon's and to Almost , his By Within In I apparition as , thing third secrecy they night him both . knew was upon . deliver'd impart word in , address methought speak crew it yet once did this platform speak as and , cock morning our from haste shrunk it sound And Itself But at the And vanish'd 'Tis , did we do To of know writ lord then would loud . in to I As , Indeed , yes , Both . lord toe to top , you not his head to face . than he sorrow red ? upon pale . Pale fix'd very eyes his eyes eyes Nay eyes might BARNARDO . eyes tell eyes Stay'd . eyes eyes eyes life ? as was seen silver'd his in grizzled it walk I you warrant Perchance I A beard have again tonight . will father's conceal'd no , twelve , will come ! night the , Farewell give to , a lasting nature in primy his ? alone not so not , minute of more Whereof he the fits It is he As Than Then the give Or with If lose , keep And of the in you chariest shot rear it unmaster'd fear importunity dear open disclos'd be of calumnious not it If To his Ophelia your dew imminent none safety though But lesson good pastors my to do keep brother libertine , near fear youth of . comes ; double . own rede reckless ungracious primrose recks . Yet , Occasion smiles wind for in . blessing double stay , long O . Himself . fear here a is , of blessing no means friends The here A you And Nor familiar any And thou Those But And Neither in For a oft proclaims of : borrower thine both France a , the oft borrowing all above dulls loses and best the apparel Costly every may beware of but thy the loan must select , reserve but , as fancy of express'd not in ; rich man rank chief lender to this season my lord . it you And 'Tis in yourself the . keep shall Farewell lock'd of , What , to he hath very most so you been as — of so your up the honour tell you . bounteous must me on , daughter . yourself daughter daughter a . made daughter , baby daughter , daughter yourself more true yourself daughter . I'll daughter in not know I Affection Of Do ! Pooh ! You as perilous you should a ; the me tender of poor pay I . think dearly . to . do I . vows of heaven prodigal the lord , rate higher Hamlet young walk is few they , maiden in this presence a your he , are Ophelia time . brokers suits pious unholy investments . show for come so plain . sanctified ; with , shall bites air is It . a hour ? now is very . an What No think I ? Indeed Wherein and the my lord this What The . near walk draws season , his - wassail drum draughts of and tonight Is From That So some oft pith achievements drunkards addition revel than is observance : phrase , them . men at origin are in attribute of marrow it birth their for Shall From To fault substance Angels and Look a with thee thy Be Bring Thou King , Let will me ; thee , Hamlet ! sepulchre death but , answer me call I'll Dane , why in and inurn'd tell , mean this jaws , we should our souls do ? nature ? it courteous to this horridly the ? if go a more with means ground removed , desire . action . to do fear a should not by no will I immortal immortal immortal that pin's itself I'll as ? immortal immortal immortal , it my sea immortal form , lord the into horrible immortal flood the , brain . of sovereignty ? Think every follow my to roar puts place very you , still me It I'll many so That And looks shall You cries cries cries cries cries By cries Still am cries cries He is rotten go . direct me ? lead Mark will to My Alas , shall lend thy ! poor When render is myself ghost hear am bound , when ? revenge What to thou , I word blood — dear thy each knotted harrow Would thy quills But particular flesh upon hair the blood didst thou Like ears But Haste Murder Revenge his most me not stung Wouldst thou given this most Is 'Tis That itself out ; know his my ear my thy of . life . lust was off falling whose my ! that queen ! thou father's beast — power , that and decline mov'd poor it radiant a on . always did , stole , vial orchard pour posset doth blood the vigour it courses droppings into of So . sudden quicksilver alleys eager and wholesome , gates a blood tetter with vile smooth body sleeping , most as like with did bark'd effect , mine about of ; through , loathsome a and once at . my dispatch'd , horrible , queen ! not it account sin , hand crust most ; bear my soul act incest be heaven , of and royal ! horrible thou aught her those thy And - to And prick and The mother thorns that ; mind luxury pursu'st nor howsoever thy not Let not A couch Taint But the for . O earth ! lodge her Fare the worm glow shows But thou globe all table , books forms , all records my thee old ? heart my a holds ? pressures thee ; memory there alone . my of volume all trivial and copied by heaven , live shall , woman smiling matter villain it is Meet , may smile That It is there , adieu are it have . Hamlet my Come Lord ! my Heaven ho ! Lord , Lord ! Lord it ho , Lord . Lord Hillo Lord So ho Lord my Good No I How How by MARCELLUS my man . it — lord Denmark ? think . in dwelling once . heaven of knave . come this tell you we so it your , To are , hold fit as right I business that more desire business shake us , There needs And , are Look i' shall the all ; right , you , part , this Touching , my you . tell vision here lord heartily offend Yes they offence no faith you There's wild sorry I'm For It are O'ermaster't your as you desire . to ghost that . one poor have ? lord swear't , Nay lord faith In my lord Nor , lord , my have We sword upon Cries the . under sayst , you , Art swear to ? thou ha on boy hear Come , the Consent so , Swear there , lord in the . you that my have heard . th'earth , this is wondrous stranger welcome give heaven your more fast so good . work friends i' . you myself think shall , never , a , philosophy and , me seeing or 'We be we know' arms such some thus times doubtful head on earth of things so bear or ; pronouncing of speak' aught Or list know So what so all love my rest . commend man a , help this most out , might' you ; Hamlet friending lips your on was come time , your And That God do t'express out , ever still is go spite , it Look you , keep , and of drift , come him it , friends Reynaldo and ? and and , well and ; and and and that and of none so mean known , mean and usual mean mean mean . mean rank , mean , noted mean , But Ay , my drinking or . That's not they That he may flash savageness my must you You Faith That A lord my good lord , should , Marry I thing a laying believe it sir You Ay Your As 'Good sir , And He , Very good , my , the something say , he does I was ' Where ? did 'gentleman . consequence say to and so 'closes , the , and o'ertook and such : so or such wisdom and carp . See of , bias house or of sale' you reach well former my . indirections windlasses With By we , with and , So thus fare you . you ? have lord my inclination shall I Observe my his lord his let my music him my lord Farewell , my , been name in lord my Ophelia , what's so have affrighted my stockings God my ? my , my , foul'd , me of each ankle hell purport his , to out love thy Pale as he me the he What the his other lord I took He , he Then He it such thus o'er so and of his , bulk mine stay'd shaking little sigh his As with to length , over his it , draw waving piteous all without to And last would his thrice rais'd a his he And And did find doors last At a head falls And He As up their light love undertakings sorry , as any . desperate King . shoulder their fordoes of seek . eyes went o' I given our as the As That His am hard his him . and you of words but letters sorry him is . wreck it . hate go we hide see provoke you utter Guildenstern have use to call did heard it man inward be should nor so I that thus hath himself of it , from father's th'exterior . th'understanding was of it So his . days death What , companies with up his since And , I cannot That of To , So Whether Good gentlemen That And sure I he To show As to whom For the supply visitation shall receive such our us with profit remembrance of king's you power more majesties into entreaty . pleasures Than Might your Put a the fits your dread , by As to both up ourselves sovereign Both We , the in obey bent feet your gentle freely at instantly Guildenstern . Go of . to you visit full Hamlet some and and you . Rosencrantz gentle . our where practices . Pleasant bring presence , make hast Thou still God think hath very us'd do the to not my I I Have And Hunts Give do My and , grace first speak of that cause th'ambassadors them hath , shall His it doubt father's no source death all other queen , your son's the but found . friends sent he , whereat and sends . obeys fine in and in Highness uncle your never with annual joy Highness those soldiers Highness Polack : Highness , Highness Majesty Highness , fee out Highness brief arrests more Highness shown to , As It likes regards please you for safety allowance ; we'll together . we'll night upon for at expostulate , true son define outward day time . Your mad time Your Your Your . figure but is Your to be let with no true true , Your 'tis 'tis mad swear , he Your Your , is And To , this idol Now gather and the , most hear ; is a shall you Hamlet ; awhile the sun doth move , have , machine ; and me is this his , mine to , above by All And in obedience dear hath time do What prove a I fain you honourable what on might the told daughter dear me must what here - think , book mute table When Before Or might you I of man would As might dumb sight , with I thus young ? mistress , prince And lock ' herself , took she messengers a short of tale fruits then — madness , wherein think lightness , tokens precepts , resort my a , this , time said know , that know so otherwise ''Tis ? fain ' ? four . he daughter arras him my behind time a Mark be the Be And Let look But Well good good good are so a . good good good fishmonger lord a - good Do you good a . a good kissing my picked one my my my . carrion in a dog my being my my my . is far , gone he , very my lord love daughter ? lord words words suffered What you much again youth . Still harping Friend th' sun ? not walk that he daughter by first at How not . truly And you say I'll this me . believe yourself you potently most ; and matter the mean that I tree , gum - faces that it old backward is I of . as am , thus of I most like to , sir , the lord in't and . reason willingly more of you I take of hits I and my . his sometimes and him daughter leave will leave pregnant . madness him me except my , fools . part life . except . is . he sir both . happy . of the about live you Then the secret parts , lord my is Then None near but the ? particular doomsday . But that , Prison my ? is one , wards , dungeons bad or prison either good . and worst lord . is a for mind your king of . very a so ; shadow and our shadows are Truly beggars' not you in the I matter such . to speak I , visit am with we say my , for ; sent were which modesties . is craft you there and , me by you a , you say , If , I , then , But , you your , of will I of of Guildenstern To of of wherefore ; most of frame the of exercises but tell secrecy of of late My , in world this and firmament , this canopy majestical thing other paragon though dust , a What , quintessence your , by smiling no seem stuff thoughts . the tribute . service , what man and tickle ? they are you entertainment shall part blank in both both residence ? profit they How I think such Do such you were such travel comes estimation such it such inhibition hold comes such keeps children such of , such aerie berattle endeavour , tyrannically common of - Who stages goose for't that they followed ? grow are not there dare they . wonted pace sing ? common their ? do money wrong it them the nation and as not say they are ? can to themselves longer grow ? should no writers was went for on them and player the . poet question the Is't Do strange very make fifty would there is of , lest welcome are my is should , But uncle ceremony players the to - lord dear my what west , the . wind handsaw When . a see is not you them his swaddling a hearer . clouts . That man You is ear each an players you was . actor an Rome . indeed . When news tell my to , history , poem tragical - on tragedy for honour his Upon either each , too historical comical the came , cannot either judge . a he , either , Why no . well , either ' either either either more daughter Jephthah old and my right either passing — my Israel What 'One i' th' . on not then to first The row of came pious my chanson , by lot as old beard friend I Denmark face What heaven to when I well see is than my . you was . For Pray within a not to't altitude , am falconers us taste of passionate French Masters voice God the ladyship my . Thy ? nearer in is . my , speech once but lord , general the above . such in once me heard to . thee , you quality We'll welcome . have digested well author where loved chiefly especially . remember judgements whose not I one said no called tale it it it , for But matters the in nor but this so , Priam's Aeneas' and , handsome in an than not rugged lay dread , horridly and wrath damned fire daughters . black dismal he Hath murders a Bak'd With blood And Old well he , Unequal his of and drives command arm in feel to Th'unnerved His . Then . wind with blow , base . to Seeming . Stoops Which his this strikes . match'd rage fell . flaming hideous sword stick to the on th'air . milky , a i' will Pyrrhus below , eterne work thunder . pause still stand and , tyrant his . rack the heavens , against the the Did , nothing and a new ; sets armour never , Break , With And vengeance less , In thou nave round all , tale to bawdry Hecuba — with come beard your low as to the wheel from This barber's on a or a ; He's shall good Run of , Where A That's ? is and all . rheum bisson barefoot 'Mobled queen' good the . threat'ning upon and stood , clout A tongue treason see malicious clamour his Pyrrhus milch have instant mincing the state would sword gods did move if she , th'alarm burning not she of , pronounc'd have husband's , Good . ill them let time chronicles bad better while have rest and has colour more them . much will I , After . your for deserve whipping ? more your own every according abstracts the you less they bodikin Follow thou Dost ha't or dozen We'll sixteen and look . lord my could would him mock in't and need down , You night ! here . leave I'll dream to Could Is so Very To Rosencrantz till . Good what Ay O But What's ? motive For his from in it fiction broken That That should to ? or ? the What And suiting , conceit cause I for , tears do , Hecuba , passion amaze the drown ear , muddy and a can Upon whose the defeat A mad cleave have Make And John - property . appal the free a coward a in lie ! villain villain kites this throat cannot gall : me this ? be ? for and it lungs ? to , 'Swounds But make oppression pigeon I , Prompted scullion upon't Fie ! I at a , play drab very cunning unpack a brain ! cunning , very sitting like cunning - my to guilty by cunning though like organ cunning tent I'll As Out cunning he of T'assume cunning be him cunning this weakness devil and shape . of The drift this of on puts he why you can from And no harshly no dangerous days no his circumstance no no no no no distracted . sounded speak confession , players joy told , of to reply a him are They it Did Niggard of question forcing of his but any . out him in , Madam assay you raught o'er - hear And This 'Tis To And hear heart beseech'd and see and ; hear to the entreat doth inclin'd to further delights these so on him . leave us , Hamlet may unseen , too hither , Gertrude 'twere accident . frankly behav'd or love he suffers obey of , his beauties your as shall be of their thus . virtues , judge , no your your . so Gracious your . wish his your I shall so again way wonted your may honours your Read blame in devotion's visage o'er your sugar , your Ophelia you — an such To — too smart to or against the be To a by and ; end take opposing 'tis ? sleep , die . be perchance that wish'd is heir The For we give would oppressor's The For To , in to When Must bear makes us shuffled of to death this There's whips proud scorns life the long mortal coil , so and of takes , make , delay spurns quietus the , the law's the might would something from weary these know cast moment resolution of those after the bear , rather thus conscience fly to enterprises with And Is And this the With Ophelia my all your Good ; humbly thank lord longed well my sins of of great regard name How I Be I That you I , honour for well them remembrances deliver mind . yours receive - re . to you My with these for I for As Take for for gifts for wax for to the noble unkind . lord when for my , Ha for , for , no , from , honesty translate , discourse , time beauty gives , honesty not believe for ; believed was Why but honest ambitious all arrant . put it thee to nunnery . I indifferent were them should . own in's knaves imagination mother my better doors shut O I'll as snow give as pure farewell , go wise men know that , home Where's , house , him upon be , thee this you plague if thou go too another on't . as keep , The The and of all fashion , soldier's scholar's eye here , married are they hath your already , me To the of mind that fair tongue a nunnery o'erthrown , music sovereign see what me reason vows down , form , is youth , I , little brood prevent , puts his expel tribute shall him different , thus on't heart England disclose the and neglected countries , matter What in think do you believe , you the him play with in , please said as do Hamlet alone entreat the , grief Ophelia of Lord now where please she confine find , him ones ; not so unwatch'd ; trippingly as as , air as as do in as saw it do . as as it capable of split periwig whirlwind as ; not , groundlings as dumb . it . special this at to or nature age make the I that to have gait I that nor not , highly of that which have made men , and abominably . made the them that speak no be . them , and , lord . your , service , just withal , hope , my e'er advancement ? fawning men for suffering , seal'd Hath Since As , feed what To thrift and No And clothe crook , let follow distinguish For Dost of hinges pregnant . and well for . judgement equal with all . And pipe co thou that buffets are a please I will me Fortune's much before circumstance . him wear man finger the act of my ghost imaginations stithy are heedful note ; seen . Ophelia , whilst . whilst whilst playing play whilst the I this lord . whilst theft be must whilst . whilst whilst Polonius , are capons : crammed I did Caesar . lord was actor Brutus i' kill me capital to was kill'd Capitol a ready th' accounted ? him of lord my part Julius a brute , good the , O ho shall ! mother No was Ay King Come dear Hamlet , sit attractive that you in do your your matters . lord my , I ? lord should my , my . and my my months my wear my ago then my churches memory my build die two must - a and , his head crown returns kisses , her it finds three dead or body loth his this mallecho argument the the all what . you what Be it I'll mark tragedy , of a . gone ground sheen been with twelve sacred sun love so sick former I though distrust must quantity . know , so . fear there too : love , tend doth of enemies a lack friend , run , I contrary overthrown of none no begun . dead heaven . is their devices seasons in Directly orderly Our That thy and To desperation cheer Each to me give food thy when still ends our ours thou are think An anchor's repose But die Nor Sport I and opposite If ever break , Sweet a well , should be . would I rock come O The lady , you heard Have no argument ? she'll keep protests Madam , too much , in't offence th' world i' no ; play work the the my piece is ? the but Marry the . The Mousetrap the shall majesty the we anon the This between the I the It would You interpret are You my lord , keen to and Begin a better cost . With Thou black groaning , take off worse leave doth raven and infected thrice wife Gonzago's . choice . His You King of love with murderer i' written and , frighted Give How me some Lights lights All Give , the fares my light , Away of the on . while of , play hart Why turn Turk A A You dost a with fellowship with a ? pound word my . talk of good O if the king the I'll ghost's poisoning ? thousand a ? very music Come . like my not some , he , vouchsafe whole history . him sir . a Sir , Your Is in his With Ay , retirement No into far into tame discourse , sir most mother , your The doctor my good to , pardon wholesome . and a me , make commandment lord . answer mother sir , such , But . cannot , or but , says . thus she you answer Therefore : shall command ; mother My diseased rather , struck What more that obey shall desires speak , to mother . hath admiration But you ten in We lord you did you . sequel and there bed no to Have you bar . I distemper advancement You you , have when , that Ay can sir be what Good grass in succession but . wind me see lord to the Let How one my not O recover while of duty , pipe unmannerly . this and finger will . the not . I utterance mouth , touch give command to any these do I eloquent I your you unworthy my thing would much sound to now music harmony , you from 'Sblood instrument to , upon me you note you ; voice have ! stops would the this . though little , presently sir speak , cannot , what you . stops make think am will the top of in I you do play of like almost bless , a and , the Queen cloud see you Do My , By yonder Methinks Or by . will will I . bent come mother Very It is backed a so witching of night , top . friends drink my not bosom unnatural this she be shent , soul in somever , let to use never words , Therefore prepare safe it madness forthwith dispatch us stands nor be not her to cruel be not of commission shall range of Out so England to will along with as ourselves religious many and keep those and We live holy hourly . it peculiar bound the life of mind more is and To many whose and strength The and much . safe us near his Majesty armour weal a It . mount lesser is of majesty draw but That The single With Fix'd near itself from the Each Attends you Arm haste GUILDENSTERN . closet , o'erhear it should liege bed home , heaven to . upon't — to go you know is primal as as strong shall if with as as what's But as in white not thicker both And My as Or To wash as That cannot I , as — as and the still possess'd my up of mercy , hand form fall murder foul prayer ? offence , compell'd above may shove 'tis But may evidence the his There out is what what may soul , it , What What ? it cannot one can as may to be Make strings ! may free , babe may born may death may sinews that when Help and of All knees do't do I I'll soft , Be A Now Art Bow And And now am his , I might , now goes would he he be scann'd ; is , and , stands father broad audit But in heavy how is sword Or , drunk and the And know asleep swearing soul be his relish or salvation , And At trip As My fly up , without . Look go . heaven thoughts . advances prolongs but thy and to thoughts his and Pray Within that come straight pranks will him you . Grace your , I'll Now mother Withdraw coming not . offended ? much . warrant offended . tongue a with with an wicked ? now . tongue idle . wife mother brother's You so me the Have rood you You those so not set can down you you , shall speak that . your not you to , then it Queen you of a glass . not up not wilt help inmost ho the , Help Behind now for Behind What wilt . How a O , me not Dead O I what a bloody deed . Almost rash kill A a king As Ay As kill , a a a a a with king ? a Polonius a so ? a modesty , stuff braz'd bulwark act blush , a so it thou . sense against off innocent dar'st rude Calls From a as That blurs that and an grace the noise I Such takes . of marriage a O the of vows , glow makes tongue doom . doth ? index the act act what as against , this two on brothers and herald indeed set hill , brow Jove on : seal command , man what . true sans - thy all , wax charge the be as doth Proclaim blind devil of difference . What ? without shame let own as my very , hell ! one smelling of where a her frost When Could itself . more tinct their and Nay the sweat will shame . the in As Since Thou there mine such , I speak black eyes no into , leave bed ; ears more in Hamlet ! the the vice tithe villain , figure , wings — me he's time This almost thy on her fighting . would . to , visitation works . soul . discourse , lady , you with is't , vacancy hold on eye do spirits in with the eyes soldiers life . of he pale preaching you cause with effects true ; whom you To Do Nothing you all this you do colour you there blood you for . you that you Nor all yet you ; you nothing in goes the you you as makes pulse My And have I And I that not from matter as . the not will and It Whilst For Virtue them not spread past , the compost Forgive these the , weeds come , him beg to pardon do in heart , bed . easy nature , out good or stamp throw , to For . you heaven hath desirous and desirous desirous pleas'd this and desirous scourge desirous will answer , to only So again desirous be behind . desirous , night , do his kisses mouse that , you his fingers you I , madness , bed again , him do secrecy and fair , bat you this in not am , wise know , would famous creep ape the like sense , top house's basket down . breath breathe to that know you to I Whom When with Hoist in I But blow now Who was sir , toward mother profound seen place have us , sea mightier what lord hearing the the , cries In ? hearing rapier brainish 'A wind hearing . the The heavy hearing old hearing arras with us deed hearing in so is full of , hearing this , to hearing unseen liberty yourself shall hearing how man . restrain'd us us this threats had , To Should Even But we We ship sun Both both , Friends from And Go countenance Come And Transports whisper untimely the as the let the , world's so up we haply to slander , diameter , name away dismay stowed Lord ! Hamlet it us Tell can keep not sponge not of I not a sir But when not , in sponge I not speech not shall his King's not the up that like not am tell us A and , glad where not you A thing a , is , must . the to me nothing I Yet have dangerous sent must where the This judgement Deliberate never judgement judgement judgement Where judgement judgement How Or is cannot the judgement dead We judgement Ho supper supper At supper worms supper where fat Not supper , else supper lean beggar is . supper That's we only emperor supper diet worm of ? progress find if find not you him there If not into stairs If If . If Polonius your If him seek If him But . If as He this we Which that If , The bark which is fiery Th'associates For ? Hamlet . if them is it So My mother see cherub sees . But mother is mother loving , so man father , Tempt wife Come . Tempt mother my Tempt Tempt at not on for Tempt foot ; Tempt , Tempt if great Danish conjuring me hectic him Tell Craves Over his that kingdom , the Fortinbras march . his his us eye his . my his know in aught his his his rendezvous the would his softly his powers Norway , sir of I straw cause no you thank . sir , you wi' and . a time , more , know to not do I thing's , and me and and , charge and mass and earth , will as tender and ambition and and and danger be and great argument great and to Rightly without quarrel . unsure , dare , I , fame for shame blood , men I plot a of trick and cause , forth continent . time worth . distract speak importunate not needs , indeed pitied ; father be have ? says she beats in her of much Which So seems toy my To Each sick spills It soul of Where beauteous , should How now , one hat another your I From By , his cockle what staff ? his And , all to with , what Tomorrow is in a be the he means no , Saint this : day betime morning Valentine's say this , window clothes a . the if before ha' by yonder . to't . bed . end ! shame blame come me tumbled wed my been come , me not done you to hath How An would I her this All O Follow , But When in sorrows Thick In good For , own just your Divided which from the , brother Last my is this ? death the . the the the the the the the the , lord begin , word of custom and ! false , counter on king applaud tongues be How O , this is ? No I . thank to cuckold of Cries thy That Let go There's treason such incens'd thus thou Acts That of But demand be the , not to fill his Vows this , worlds both I come damnation . To only Most hell and , dead allegiance he him ; for I I'll , came grace ? to point to I negligence shall throughly father you world so . little go I'll with . stay , will Of If , his but sweepstake his life And I a Like As life That , life father's blood . life pelican life , gentleman life ? seven mine , life . salt , eye life be , the scale , our is't the up my brains and paid Tears noise that May ! weight man's . itself fine of instance on nonny precious , a possible life love , grave It the , many my didst daughter a becomes wheel on his you you call more . false steward - him there document pansies madness is that's for , thoughts remembrance thoughts for rue Sundays . daisy There's . and o' of columbines my end , come favour , sweet and Thought She turns And God Christian of God his ? will me give call we we we , we we , we we axe . we great me . let is So must you th'offence I pray I be , death nor hatchment o'er his , earth world not if . Hamlet for letters sir your is it know letter ; There's too let was thee from sir letters we the Ere . pirate sail their knew On overlooked . for this for put . for you name these to . they bring boarded much death fly letters what thou as boarded , have have They of them boarded boarded Reads . boarded at sea King boarded the to so them ship , I boarded King haste will . But Let boarded the the Rosencrantz . in boarded as ear the in with of , from him will give speedier to And To have matter thine for do't I And It well proceeded he you Now must must have But Lives yet Which by may me my ; strong perhaps , looks his are conjunctive not could or moves her not life it be my but The ; so bow , father back come . into , lost , into , age again into the into into into into Queen . teach , of and will we love ourself , imagine with danger and hear more — not your naked . them set . on . of occasions eyes I When my and shall , thereunto all more Are some mean the you . such says me 'Naked ? advise ' teeth his — to let him my . Laertes , diest live the my tell thou so rul'd otherwise ; by How , a return'd he that he to , be ? now be If . so and , not Ay me me ? voyage it I ripe shall death exploit to own for the No checking at To his And even The rather I It falls be you And Did envy Your hearing of you pluck . your talk'd Hamlet's together not that and in shine such a of him my in from siege in part , say they Of one the Than The Importing Here health was myself well , been wondrous on He in't beast forgery short in he had brave Come A A my life Norman same He all of you masterly report especially your defence in rapier exercise such a sight of nor , report and envy him to father I did that I I did qualifies lives within did is nothing too own , did hath are by then did easing hurts And there did . did your back But words in father's you church son ? quick deed chamber Laertes , shuffling shuffling shuffling shuffling shuffling , rare shuffling simples all can scratch'd It Let's Weigh shuffling us With for bought that I'll a mountebank have I'll this time through back a better convenience shape drift have If make our of . proof in not assay'd or wager on are hot and , hold . should death of think further be , fail , him see prepar'd , cunnings let . to I'll motion your that me that but ? heel , Laertes , aslant glassy the did stream . purples , drown'd ! Drown'd shows his a O sister's , a , name them long garlands pendant an on to , give boughs trophies wide daisies a men's coronet make brook willow hoary , sliver call , dead Of And time her weedy . they her distress But , indued could with death . melodious drown'd she , is , Alas snatches of , that one like . of long heavy creature own old and , not her . custom When tears , element Till Pull'd water is woman have I a that speech our I it will . these , Adieu . my lord would . douts that it when she Christian it herself in , it argues be act and , do cannot , act wittingly is se offendendo on sat thee tell hath she is be be if . I myself hear goodman , you an herself Nay go — Argal But if shortens he not , lies and Here . himself that you Ay is But crowner's quest had o' out ? on't , Why Will there countenance in the should . say'st that hang There they no up . I'll , The without to ? tenants purpose ? the shipwright gallows ill . to the thou well , Now , unyoke shipwright , again ; church To't a tell now I can me . I , mason to than . builds than , that thy pace Cudgel - To O Methought In O hath 'Tis so the Custom claw'd me shipp'd me of in him with age ; hand little a employment had And in ground a Hath if hath skull to ! th' of would that it , 'twere Cain's a politician God lord morrow such 'Good lord - be could , say might my when he might , horse Lady Here's cost , shrouding ache more a to ; think breeding and . knocked the on't an , tricks with the of his Where be sconce ? his of , his the double great fines his not quillets For and For a that a pit a may this , Why rude will fine purchases pair recognizances his This fellow Is to no will scarcely of more , this have , statutes dirty now Why he . shovel the his Not not , sheep Ay my speak are and to They lord which fellow , made sheep , more , ha more calf out Whose seek Mine of . parchment calves this O a be not in't be I do and the say liest not it liest . you me the 'Tis . sir , pit of sir , in't part lie not to quick 't will ; therefore again for ? dead equivocation taken or , I peasant comes our thou the day ? came We ! the . the grown Lord is heel the near ? was marry , Every — born that is mad is that I o'ercame year i' long was sent England ? and sent ? it's Why no shall can fool was ; he , not his came ? strangely the ? say he How losing his , with strangely , mad ground ? wits sexton . here years have man th'earth been he die before laying in , will rotten I Denmark a not be year will that or eight his body . sir a water dead while great three a . Here's and your is hide - skull fellow's was it . do was not it skull a with tann'd now is water ? years this ; Whose , Yorick's know ! Whose rogue was Nay - A sir . E'en Alas , This , of jest times ; poor at it most that thousand and rises Where gorge how chamber , your , come and must . one tell mock , tell that Make , Horatio What's lord this thing o' my i' fashion th'earth . let , laugh ? that at her her ? E'en smelt . looked Why stopping may a consider to died him dust Alexander he the to thus to whereto - and which t'expel to the ! to the , to , to ! courtiers to they such to rites did of with 'Twas to mark aside aside aside aside is aside corse follow aside and aside as ground command . Her great o'ersways in . and For have lodg'd , her dead the of her priest Farewell . cursed while , head a arms sense and made skyish or whose he ? whose emphasis wounded Hamlet hearers stars the wand'ring Like Grappling O lov'd , I not I . sum is , O my all their quantity of woul't : tear ? let here eat woul't eisel us till , and prate on of against . I'll like a acres , will I crocodile do ? ground . thou zone a ? throw her an wart his Nay as madness fit patient golden will I Let you is lov'd will pray cat But ever do But and , his thus me no will But himself your But But shall living last upon what in matter grave But quiet watch to some But We'll put our night's see shortly , set our me let Now . remember do , hour An Till Remember let me sleep there mutinies for it serves — let well should , lay . bilboes my . Methought us , Horatio unseal to making fine . ends we my cabin me , certain most Up again where my ; royal many health my Importing Larded My fears With my my Their my my my No the and knavery Oh not head Denmark's with That ! the read you , Is't should to the supervise on benetted a prologue with villanies — as , labour'd fair me , now , wrote I I it do ? round They had begun a did once did to It A the to baseness forget Devis'd How fair ; learning our of good his from wheaten of 'as'es her palm . or allow'd . this - to ? death sudden , safely next was , seal Danish my sequent day , other . make insinuation fell and mighty what , whor'd my my not th'election cozenage and thinks't thee and — And for of is't evil To quit And Thrown hath not Popp'd it Does must The the him nature come is there mine 'One' good , more this his with It What And a be with is be man's That I to the the by But The portraiture of Into sure Peace who lordship , right , you thank , sir my No ; gracious for good be chough a 'tis let 'tis possession dirt a a lord ; at , Majesty were his beast of from leisure . to I say and He . a to impart his , as thing I should diligence ; all you 'tis very indifferent 'tis of the , your very , and me cold lordship believe 'tis very hot is the . I my lord indeed complexion my he matter has — tell you — the that cannot laid , is , here Indeed gentry of full , would is most of gentleman showing , or for see a part sail more our in more , his semblable . infusion the his him , in I memory his him make gentleman the wrap breath ? sir nomination really imports What understand speaks we do concernancy tongue this . of ? know is His him , purse did would that but confess are , yet . if , it ? not — excellence on . in ; against , and horses six him . him laid by so French and , I to , take fancy it with his , six responsive ere are the german more edified The must carriages six against horses The their delicate knew I Barbary liberal phrase sides , come , not King I carriages that . trial answer dozen laid a . if hath passes immediate hits imponed the , call between on your opposition I twelve swords trial of be brought , him in He lordship if How shall my I , and King time , To not I nothing Shall duty my flourish lordship to your no for's else of kind a on Thus tongues head . encounter drossy suck'd age of it , there his on the shell he — are so . take time I , down . all and they purposes my play with , is mine King and Queen time some now , The you now Queen now happy In use now will this lose wager now I lord now not think how now now Laertes . have been giving would as ill forestall . not will a my perhaps shall all's your a Since . no Hamlet , now what come , me Give Come leaves he . I . pardon't , with sore needs you a are you am Who of the faction this my arrow thoughts Hamlet's poor is Sir it . of honour that of of masters voice offer'd it play But ungor'd and like frankly freely . for . me in Laertes , the Come ; i' star one ; ignorance mine indeed off sir , You , by Stick be skill them the Give , fiery Grace has o' odds have the ? Cousin Osric wager lord seen , I fear we me therefore you . weaker . another a odds . Let . the my both ; he shall fire , all see cups kings me without earth begin . cannoneer . ' trumpet Come speak breath the , to eye . And , cannons you the King judges to the to a hit A I'll this A confess I . say ; win you ? by set cup the it . shall scant son Our fat take and , Here The Queen fortune , I . drink I is I By . face thy I'll I now my conscience I . dally . I of almost 'tis . with I wanton ? Come so you afeard Say pray the third I yet Come Laertes Have , scuffling now Nothing in at ; come Look on Nay ho is . How is't , there ! Queen mine my as the , swoons drink am , my dear O . Hamlet poison'd . bleed them the , She , drink , Ho ! O ! Let the with , own treachery , good thee , of life ; lock'd door to ! Seek Treachery ! the , here No turn'd no venom , to thy foul thy hour do . world an practice I lie , slain the thee Unbated rise in hand , here . blame The Thy mother's King's ! LORDS the envenom'd . again more can O , yet Mine Nor thine Exchange thee . this or — tremble at act in but , Horatio O free death with a forgiveness father's by himself . Queen this you , on . adieu — I'll thy behind wounded man unsatisfied the ; am this Absent Horatio Let th'art me O cup Here's Things with my thy breath in , have't . thee thus live So , Poland from come conquest To This warlike hear o'er , O potent I tell The cracks a The wonder you What is . hither thee Good does aught of is of ? see your , hearing . their to upon on from Had But You it never gave jump so Are Of Of , on in with Let Fall'n And from I me have I For royally and most The he was ; he been put to soldier errors on passage sight for Such him . this amiss his of as the , a . bodies and ordnance editions is the one . old copyright S these which — a by U protected copyright . States in distribute and without and the distributing PROJECT copying it copyright General Terms the eBook an paying United Project of . Use protect Gutenberg charge Project works apply forth is paying . for do . the this , be may copies of may concept of . Special royalties this Gutenberg not the and You of be Gutenberg Project used trademark complying eBook reports for . and printed commercial States United the modified , law license . practically . copyright ANYTHING S works Redistribution Gutenberg especially , Project the electronic works associated to agree comply gutenberg using of any you of A Section and this destroy trademark of you Gutenberg a copy and to this part with with by using or the with distributing this Project property abide return the to of terms . indicate agreement Project must read and Use the works electronic Gutenberg in agreement electronic trademark electronic license of understand not obtaining not for you fee . If , all Gutenberg If copyright all agreement accept paid the . of whom to . associated paid the registered you fee an may you forth . Project a are electronic electronic Project if the as way set terms this a owns public United law the Archive compilation Nearly copyright terms Project this can electronic lot full most things Gutenberg with Project See collection . of the Foundation all copyright distributing by the is copying on the . in to access . domain in the Gutenberg of freely removed works Gutenberg support electronic the individual are If . works States are derivative Project will compliance name the without it its with Gutenberg the are States as long promoting we hope the Gutenberg Project can work License Gutenberg You when this most performing any any of on this work any Foundation the than work . status based States . charge full attached this work . laws with of of downloading If of place with Copyright others the outside displaying or United are , terms , references active Gutenberg links to work of this no makes or , to work displayed : appear other most the restrictions and United eBook use , is work check the law . does eBook not using have you electronic or online laws the anyone . distributed copyright are to of comply Project you If . Gutenberg . or . work Project phrase you E Project through copyright Gutenberg . Additional your electronic holder , License . the works Project terms a the found at part Gutenberg Project containing full posted Gutenberg this of is . or electronic files in associated paragraph with full forth any , work any sentence associated to Gutenberg part the . this , if distribute associated of , remove . holder associated associated work work associated no Project additional , of associated official other format at must or a on ASCII associated , the request other Vanilla obtaining a upon . specified the exporting in Any of work means copies Plain processing , hypertext or . marked may convert Vanilla you copy alternate as However in access any . for E viewing . electronic . to posted org or License form Gutenberg charge , not a or distributing for , fee with charge provided reasonable of applicable calculated Gutenberg of Project a the E paragraph distributing that fee Project calculate the Gutenberg your Foundation date which paragraph Project your on . clearly Archive to days each Archive Information marked prepare following , of any as refund - mail money e within . the the days at terms to require a of Archive possessed in to donations the paid user Foundation such a other physical to full return Project or user a address by Gutenberg specified to sent in Project the receipt that of of medium with works to access or a replacement the and discovered or group charge receipt terms of all work agreement , of other you Literary this trademark Gutenberg in forth the the Project set . F protected , works identify to by . copyright in Gutenberg . S Despite copyright Gutenberg on medium efforts volunteers Project collection the do but U , data infringement transcription property a computer and Archive read or Literary , and Foundation be cannot , trademark electronic WARRANTY damages any under Refund THAT YOU you AGREE , for work Gutenberg to HAVE , the distributing disclaim including , a the the Project Project , for Right the NEGLIGENCE of legal STRICT a discover can you If a you a that work the you money work OR , by it it from sending must the - REFUND days received , to The medium within electronic LIMITED this refund is also you WITH , refund 'AS replacement may work is fix to electronically a set forth person you medium provided or lieu right . work limited in or certain the you to defective of the or allow of The types , the , the or IS' - of disclaimer maximum this agreement this invalidity agreement or Foundation not the the with Foundation and void of . hold the electronic and , in works anyone the Project any or distribution volunteers modification a costs associated any from distribution Gutenberg expenses , the work , the c and , the any Gutenberg the . widest the the Project distribution aged of variety of donations the Project will Gutenberg's the secure and the with the new computers It . see , profit Internal identification Literary the tax Gutenberg extent status or the to federal Project the Archive . Email at found Archive to gutenberg cannot carry Archive to domain readable Archive Archive status with committed Archive is charitable Compliance requirements Archive paperwork much , Archive not determine the www and solicitation donations the approach us are concerning U . Project please , Section outside any United International Please the methods check including States visit S of Project shared Gutenberg anyone eBooks which are all distributed freely Gutenberg concept editions , Project . S necessarily . people Most U at facility start keep unless often notice in confirmed compliance email how to help edition website www : eBooks copyright of Gutenberg a