. Stand King your upon carefully thee cold . Marcellus Who ! them and make ? haste , good do of watch , is guard , the ground . Dane to you think rivals you . you Give Say Holla , him . tonight . us , seen our 'twill not , assail against we so two sit speak Barnardo once , Well He approve , again nights have your awhile us Tush , Sit fortified down . ears story this of from myself it heaven . comes , and wonder speak , of night ! not charge away . I of Denmark thee ! Stay ! 'Tis Is Without God not ! Of mine sensible , the ! Before think not he combated an ice King the not ? true and eyes once the sledded and . when thyself Such bodes This , So this some me watch knows , state I our this gone jump hath scope , sit But Good make labourer that toward divide the Who now Why nightly most land the this me ? the week whose , for the impress Does What Whose , on know but by emulate pride of last , day sore is't that - joint night you prick'd the this side At Was To the by the which of inheritance stood he Well , Did Did The So his motive of , rummage those by here , and enterprise state which in't lost terms to list up Shark'd father . And strong our unto watch appear recover watch and question watch palmy the ere high trouble watch is graves squeak and A watch Comes I this source main this no watch land the . King the so watch these wars . figure , countrymen together omen preceding heaven prologue and ! Lo any I'll And Was Upon As But If may If soft it hast and earth climatures sound , blast thing . be grace and use where , it behold , though me , the O , hast treasure of speak speak they , speak Stop . say thou if Or speak speak speak , if it here ! being the the of , invulnerable , majestical . summons that And then it the shrill and Saviour's say wholesome witch , our on faded Wherein Some And The fairy So So have Walks But nights , dawning of No spirit As Let's , in we loves , find Laertes Lords , yet Though be hearts brow one in contracted memory be far green , in hath Hamlet grief dear Attendant brother's that our . death , thanks . bonds of lands with his of those brother's frame and with writ : here him law for meeting have , hears to young us all So is uncle and his , The Out of , the valiant brother much time , that the levies suppress we business bed - Fortinbras rid ; purpose proportions and we to allow commend will farewell our . duty scope Norway . than personal more articles things we ? you , father thy have , native offer suit some cannot shall head more not of , lord my though show The That He , laboursome father's wishes leave thy thy , Upon lord , petition seal'd my to and you . sun the on less thy consent . son , kind dust vailed lids ? and than on hang still clouds the that my , Seems Why not 'Tis , cloak suits alone madam Ay , Nay it my Thou If , nature to through seems Nor inky solemn forc'd of suspiration it of good know I is No Nor nor , can I and give To do In impious A unfortified will . 'Tis But for and father duties , stubbornness heart It it A Take As should we must thing peevish fault whose a , a 'tis our simple and be know we An shows vulgar vulgar father vulgar father vulgar vulgar vulgar , immediate remain to , comfort of and immediate . immediate immediate eye our immediate immediate . Wittenberg , prayers lose not obey you . son Hamlet to come tell in this and resolve too too that 'gainst that , the - to on't How to , stale , O and — dead ! me Seem it Fie But So Must I As it her Visit if on ; she all With little , Like on't Niobe have Frailty Would Frailty By Frailty Let Frailty Frailty Frailty which or ere my Frailty — no more most in wicked flushing O the Ere Than yet left mourn'd the . salt most a , my to see do I or glad your well , you friend Marcellus you lord My to , glad what poor my that change , my servant good , lord my good hear do your , good name — Horatio ? from very A But To Nor We'll , prithee lord me Indeed My Or ever furnish mother's , do think I me me me Thrift Did me me , coldly My The King your , the ? father your father yesternight gentlemen may while deliver ! a hear their the your walk'd distill'd , them whilst with of , pie solemn act - night father . are where was third this platform But third where third like your father it did : it My third you Did third third at My not speak I , lord like morning in haste loud our my , 'Tis lord honour'd strange know . know know down of this know know . know his not lord know , my look'd he in A countenance What his eyes Nay you pale ? frowningly fix'd . you . there haste very While it a hundred . no life ? His have you it walk will again ; tongue no silence this conceal'd , but person hell I well . to All ! you to I'll twelve ; come men's , honour not ye . farewell well give winds from Hamlet A Forward And , sister necessaries are as the . Farewell . that convoy For the youth youth In youth perfume not , violet in fashion youth youth of not a ? sweet , permanent No youth No Think crescent no and withal . his but youth , will but ; service no of nor nor The And wide inward nor bulk nor greatness he not himself himself his nor now you to nor yielding to says if so must as for of wisdom saying voice of main the his in deed may withal , his further no goes chaste importunity not is prodigal danger ear loss you treasure your particular ; dear your of and buttons best are blastments Contagious to and and and and and fear here ; grace smiles Aboard of upon shoulder aboard leave . you . tongue his . comes , in thoughts means palm Grapple thou unproportion'd by act no thy thy Give . are here Look character soul , thought , friends Be them And thou any unto do Of For thy in , th'opposed a to entrance each Costly Bear't man every Give This And of Neither and a the thine , select France oft the borrower a a each of nor both : reserve thy but express'd the fancy habit not ; station . thee self own to as the then , season to night itself lender be : tend your . the any this leave blessing do I be not Most my take ; What Farewell you you yourself of time private , me 'Tis Given so , most so , caution — your please is't not of hath ; been to he well very oft of put on bounteous you and free . tell up and Give my , hath What Affection Pooh his his such You affection it And As between you ! Of in you , teach . Tender I'll know That are — not not — thus , Running Or Ay . importun'd to countenance of , of the poor phrase , to lord all the holy vows , in go my know soul both daughter presence a your . maiden he that at parley entreatments of he , few In is walk they that you him to much Than Believe so given larger Hamlet , forth all this the Lord leisure Hamlet with any I charge words shall to't to so slander terms beguile like implorators . vows in . which mere But Look . would The Not be may not Have in their for believe . dye better . is . The It now . air bites I a think . It not it then to his Indeed it ? walk struck twelve . draws takes my lord his swaggering his , triumph Is The mean and trumpet of it I am ; is't my to mind to More The as drains drum pledge . custom the a native , custom observance nations takes east here is west swinish men too and some his ; wherein Since in As our clepe our and of and ; addition mole down the of o'erleavens men as star , defect these — stamp they man as corruption , reason of they pales it lord , in the Fortune's pure , grace or us , health such questionable charitable heaven of and fault of dram The noble the Look Angels thou Be I with airs wicked thee to in intents thee ministers com'st of defend goblin damn'd shape from , thee , mean sepulchre death tell in ; I'll . Dane in not Hath To That So is beckons this away . alone courteous you with if Say you you do action ground a to Look go some impartment to should it with , do we go ; Do not , soul , a what Why waves me forth immortal what , then will it . follow I means no But No . fee to ? my speak not should not life be my set summit cliff form reason desperation , the that ? pin's can base dreadful the Or if That might o'er you tempt to beetles You , into toys madness into the assume deprive you It hears so Without very place looks waves shall That And Go off your follow still . beneath it Be make call'd , I'll am Still desperate Go a each shall not fate My heaven fit issue . come obey after ! Unhand of — not By I will thus this him of . no go I'll Speak Mark thou flames further will . ghost ! thy hearing spirit . father's confin'd thy fast that But in to thou . walk lightest young forbid , part word house am the . of tale secrets unfold could the Till for the foul and crimes Doom'd Are tell I And To Make Like each knotted eyes , on must List ! and eternal particular thy harrow Would To most me find wings swift with , thoughts But rots That And Haste A 'Tis With O wit his to So wicked his , and , his most a love his that even hand off falling his hand whose , went marriage whose his Upon mine his lust , So Though a I those To But I prey be . in on of scent My me my Upon That gates body posset of it , my thy uncle doth blood . tetter wholesome and thin a - Thus Most And with natural swift such The curd , droppings So about loathsome , milk bark'd and , hand . it bear on sent ! not damned act my to account heart What earth instant Remember not ! once ! Hold grow . while the globe , table my Remember memory ? my thee holds fie poor bear you And But Yea That am sure is and smile smiling set Now are , by down a villain pressures ; forms all books of saws All all volume baser My O uncle 'Adieu I sworn't My . That , It is least At Within Heaven be Within Hillo , Illo ho boy So Lord him , ho Come ho ! my lord , ho Not , by reveal it . it lord What O then villain , once think . lord I heart lord secret Nor How you arrant my . lord There's a an dwelling knave this i' . right circumstance and hath , Look These is man I'll whirling you . you part all are right , You , I And so every I'm are it ; you heartily heartily . is this no faith offend , my but too ghost , what Touching vision tell is , between , lord , soldiers you I . not . my my , thou hear to under Cries sworn , sayst Consent . there . thou truepenny hither ubique And Propose Never Swear my ? et Come your my to speak Swear Beneath of Never my Hic my lay my , said And worthy pioner night my old ! as therefore more dreamt as odd perchance hereafter soe'er before A O Than Here strange , things strange wondrous welcome . Horatio shake , would' we , do they note to you need help . might' ; is I . together , in you friending as . together spite cursed O . to was I ever these visit , Paris they ; it and means what ; well his , to him wisely you keep , behaviour Of Look in , Danskers intend I , first , what said . expense know do my you mean , be so forgeries , very his , of finding , well 'not ; known ? most , put so that and lord and noted wanton , youth , my companions and go fencing . far swearing . so quaintly him , blood and he is seem savageness A flash in unreclaimed a of taints scandal it him so may as not put another that may open outbreak The Faith no my they of liberty ; on incontinency not it sir general assault good should lord , believe you little sullies fetch , you you my soil'd , the you seen you , is would sound , you , prenominate guilty phrase . in breathe you ; ' 'Good you According closes ever Your , Having sir , or , the consequence ' something about — 'gentleman' addition country the to He There or At closes I such there such ; in's sale' now , See of : out with you in say and , house this wisdom with we Your , saw him the There then falsehood and by find enter do my former takes or such so gaming tennis' . truth ; you advice and forth carp reach and have I have assays indirections thus And Shall 'I brothel windlasses bait With of of . out have well . Farewell my the matter ? what's , I , as with his gyved piteous out in , foul'd ankle each comes ? do . so arm , arm his hard face he up done head over his , me , help his , shatter . seem to so eyes , shoulder seek love itself you command — late did and me him I with that him wreck thee . fear'd as But to our age move . the love . ourselves the cast ourselves I And To It meant ourselves seems is ourselves ourselves for , ourselves to . discretion More ourselves Moreover need sending to did we , dear that Welcome The Of that hasty Hamlet's Since nor th'exterior was from I brought youth of hath , you and court humour your our in your , and you within unknown our afflicts much are talk'd there men gentry profit your , Might Put your the fits and remembrance a sovereign your the As by dread Than For to here To Thanks , Guildenstern and presence our make and Heavens bring helpful gentlemen Pleasant beseech . to our . I Rosencrantz changed much Go , some practices . lord him my my good , of . liege , King my hold my you . father been , to hold Thou hast to the do — that long sure brain soul , news . them to speak your distemper hath in feast . found . marriage , from greetings of His he ? the brother to him , into preparation levies him Voltemand fair Welcome my what return first a he ; against sickness in which borne Norway hand ; and , in overcome , thousand from rebuke Receives On His our Upon better But It falsely th'assay old to entreaty as levied was To be an his three further with annual shown for and , quiet to herein more Majesty , this at regards please you set of are dominions might On more Answer As Through and . well madam and liege This rest thank you your upon well time consider'd think at welcome feast we'll night - together time , be waste it the is My , should , since , day majesty is to duty and , home Most business night the is what noble else mad , day flourishes time . at figure . use And this pity 'tis no use , grant it find Or Mad That That Thus Who a and , out true we pity is And But For the idol a but , Good Doubt thou phrase , soul's : phrase To . evermore I , dear thee Doubt madam I will move best most I ? fire Adieu , to is machine numbers O whilst above by out more , love have , time she you me ear his hath , This obedience in they had I my your me I this so prove perceiv'd seen man faithful think of think , went a play'd dear As I fain and hot , queen , work her . dumb , think sight might the love it . mute I , And mistress a , what you and you idle of I I out then the a then into no a of my his precepts , make , tokens messengers she , herself receive — all we wherein , he a into to fast for very and fain likely ''Tis and that and and , and . otherwise and find will be . four further . were I centre me lead , this if , it though we may sometimes You So Here my loose and Be And keep be me be you the I'll an indeed does time not a wretch poor the look sadly do comes Hamlet you farm try will and . leave . man my , I you this as honest be That's very lord . of , dead my a . man good being lord true carrion a daughter . is much my again What — I I a , this I'll truly in matter , matter suffered Still to't look . to I ? read their eyes old grey ? lord the faces that ; have honesty plentiful here my words , Words my set a go it All . their the slave as backward the Will . gum plum potently yourself with you be you Into madness is Aside believe , yet yet there have . method ? it most , in't . down old , air , Aside often the pregnant which leave daughter , his . part , you . him How . air Indeed A ! out the of on , of that happiness not could contrive sir to My old . he go excellent in Fortune's On As Rosencrantz ! most lads dost earth ye how of , favours - over not are , do button are her . my lord , of soles waist about live her news news parts secret news Then news in ; news which there world many being news , my lord so news for is think 'tis th' either wards . one worst . bad narrow for 'tis ; is prison bad count dreams of quality of a . shadow and a airy and , a but but the , be were , Which beggars sort man , honest friendship not an I such speak in beaten like upon . GUILDENSTERN ? For , my most at . you ? speak you . nay ; a ; thanks dear should What justly your am own with I , poor even ? too are . know . teach the love What . for , To fellowship you - ever you must , Nay . charge be I . discovery have I forgone hold . my disposition that beauty : nor , no ; to a like And smiling say , express yet , man is man in paragon and , it goes heavily man a foul you , seems fretted , man , how man of thing form of was laugh man , the man the players My lord Why my shall think did hither are . you they offer , shall — his humorous freely are . Their was by , it estimation better ? take to the comes No the keeps little it Do wonted the indeed ? in children of the eyases pace cry . stages goose — clapped tyrannically common longer ? for't that call dare These , sir , question they they not escoted it them money holds nation while a went away in the , no to possible carry it Denmark of lived in , forty could philosophy little . Let . to to There something mouths very make is there fifty welcome are welcome - appear uncle more extent , But In north - what of my north Well from and dear my you west . When . at out yet too gentlemen with his ear a it actor an my , you tell , tell me he I , right actors pastoral , tragical . law of The best comical comical O Jephthah in unlimited , fair , and well old Jephthah , passing Still . daughter loved my , no more , ' right on th' that I . follows have a . not my see to . valanc'd is in friend all my beard old , O lady altitude to . gold , you and last mistress piece of uncurrent have see . Com'st , are good , thee By'r . my , speech lord us than , taste . thee when , your God to What ring , like I voice Masters young my your of to't like Come top down in phrase sallets of mine lines modesty , an excellent others of at anything fly give was was with honest , and One , as of . slaughter was fine than the the in speech a for the play was there said But cried scenes the . was , very by was matter , judgements the , general once was it no it handsome Priam's Dido , he the black dismal me let it , so rugged With lend their blood of . with , he heraldry Hath now this like The . ominous horse smear'd trick'd streets light fire discretion he , the coagulate wrath daughters Head horridly parching gore damned , carbuncles , well Pyrrhus God Striking to father with Th'unnerved , it wind . arm Priam at feel this falls Repugnant whiff to was his Stoops to lord , and Of , like Did base as And the painted tyrant a with , blow Unequal fell ; Ilium , head to Pyrrhus will storm matter stood some stand still work , proof hammers the and against death region ; speechless anon , see nothing his to seem'd often in as reverend As On And Aroused Mars's general the fellies take on Priam away ; you , a - gods sword he . All her from wheel heaven too your bawdry , Prithee . good say on sleeps ? and o'erteemed fear clout the head , up robe queen' good barefoot Where 'The bisson , seen the , then her have in all and , state Pyrrhus with tongue would th'alarm Fortune's 'Gainst late blanket this Who things burst with gods stood diadem The But sword she his themselves sword , sport — tears of Do sword bad than chronicles brief ? this sword gods she made . not limbs , heaven and you a you sword lord My you sword your After man , much , has players speak you turn'd out them better Use more whipping , own hear , them let ill their and merit sirs in is a play tomorrow play you Can Come ? I will , Dost deserve , old , night You Ay sixteen my lord could speech of not , could would my . lord ? friend not , lord Guildenstern . night till not To Rosencrantz , not not not Very My . not peasant in soul her it what But in a eyes conceit And his all , this that a monstrous fiction in to A Tears forms That What's Had And the drown ? What the and his to With The I That his voice Hecuba should he ? He motive him , he passion , with I indeed free ? coward life for lungs pigeon all the and : it take does across a Am and . dreams muddy of property defeat my the should I But 'Swounds me slave's ass an what , deep Why That like , to my Prompted I have son revenge - Remorseless a fall , the cunning of scene , most is This dear I the very They Have And Must ! a that their of my spirit The . I the , the May I'll Before Play With something though have so creatures scullion Fie sitting my guilty I'll know the organ . I'll I'll malefactions tongue have but that yea and his looks ; I'll he father If like the shape weakness . The the relative I'll More I'll And I'll from him you Abuses Get catch I'll But Of bring crafty we a he by on we Nor When from with would gentleman disposition of of reply his ? our . players , your the a are most night This he hear And heart hear And hear him beseech'd 'Tis drive Good With and entreat me . Affront that by as , we Sweet We gentlemen his And to . hither , unseen seeing . myself , and ourselves encounter , accident Ophelia by If't And Of your I shall , obey be And Will Ophelia will walk Will Madam wish so in visage , art it . helps , book with o'er blame do . sugar conscience my word , shocks natural we sleep say — sea sleep end take slings 'tis nobler arms be Or No Devoutly in For With To whips he merit himself ? dispriz'd , so whips scorns and , love bare whips The undiscover'd returns others to whips conscience does whips whips And Is whips No And thus of with the sicklied And The How fair ; sins in native Be you have , thank honour Good , I longed I pray That I honour'd with words more rich never My lord have long No And the made Rich gifts , honest perfume you , them things wax again so did sweet right you noble the well prove ? if There ha ! My ? you your to , beauty will than honesty transform from beauty now but honesty fair commerce lordship truly is to proof , you a paradox you made , cannot so so time honesty your beauty of force did Indeed beauty , it likeness , the love than of the This ; what his thee revengeful were , in put them ambitious my yet offences give I such with wouldst thou I could be had mother , not me Go father your nunnery be shut . you heavens that , arrant . thoughts that it Let doors upon him , thou . as give help Where's own house , shalt needs thy dowry make what him , and enough God's yourselves , heavenly know on't shall . creatures . it , already mind , is the here eye noble a Th'expectancy observers of I , the of rose the and vows , down wretched , most most harsh blown and ecstasy form most he Love Nor most most most most T'have His madness affections his doubt : down the demand For brains objects matter still of seas I But his Let his show And all be grief plac'd To It be so not in unwatch'd pronounced I it to your you saw the air trippingly had must very torrent , I acquire too the go . of O , tear the of ears - it use as my lines of many it , crier if the , the soul to I the , the the the observance overdone now virtue the that tame too show , to the the and feature is the but ; purpose own his , pressure others of the it not word let warrant your your . discretion censure theatre , grieve a judicious body and action is was and form though whole — thought Christian O it altogether set for is laugh . to down Nature's well hope set meantime on the in , reform'd that that play your to ready most ambition will then . of . shows and you work lord my , How Queen now ho , and ROSENCRANTZ will you Here , As lord my I thy absurd flatter'd spirits good from ; be pomp thou ? of choice election those are suffers nothing - blessed well And and co rewards thou , For of Fortune's me buffets thanks and , Give that knee finger been of much will , in tonight very comment comes play scene have when a is One Hast In I my There core , Something King this note heedful thy act the before . thee do Which 'scape steal he And And is Observe mine uncle not Do Vulcan's mine we rivet to face theft , idle play . playing . a Hamlet dish fares How ; crammed you cannot capons words feed : the . Ophelia ? was accounted . play'd ? you and , my What To . enact lord Polonius you say . Hamlet answer have No , That I a did Julius they upon sit patience . more by attractive metal lord Come part my Caesar him your ! good , O lap that there . your , stay here's I my head . in your lap lie do . country ? I Ay mean , think That's lord meant lord between matters meant meant meant Nothing meant What is meant . merry Who What . months ago outlive may ! Nay Nay great , man's then black man my and lord my a but year forgotten I'll suffer for Queen ' O he within's ? suit Then But ? a O he not and He upon in , and makes and down ! is 'For , yet not a half , him him unto him poison dead in , her lovingly hobby the and - horse , horse protestation . Anon passionate fellow bank in in , a the comes away awhile is pours . kisses Poisoner with gifts . some it the my What tell what mischief . play argument ; show . it not : naught I'll for tell Be what stooping beg naught not us Is shame are you meant . my posy the or 'Tis ? our and salt And Neptune's thirty Since As , hath , hearts commutual o'er the ere sacred most moons Phoebus' cart borrow'd twelve have world Make Full gone with us , But many may you and count so Yet though love must nothing quantity , it holds in former your , you . is my proof my you you Discomfort For women's love or , doubts great siz'd the love I , And Now In neither and are journeys Where Where as Faith little love is great littlest , husband thou haply and Honour'd And must grow in , shalt functions are shortly , hath , is great belov'd live their love that Wormwood instances second but , kind , move . none dead . the breast . wormwood my ! who accurst be but you we oft me in kisses think what the ourselves necessary passion be slave unripe when to ourselves we propose , tree . joy forget we the 'tis that they , of enactures revels , most , nor slender most destroy or grief in grief on is validity , either either ; lament themselves violence our poor hitherto either favourite ; either either either . flies . a tend , love yet left you friends of : our lord first ends their no me from me thou wilt still end a friend , prison , night ! light hope contrary I begun run none are do nor heaven and trust , me ever lasting and . wed be joy destroy wife be it , scope I . and fain Sweet she break me beguile Ophelia would have turn what Both Meet here opposite An that the of face here would us twain this , brain between ? how Madam never rock tedious dull spirits The thy mischance too but she'll jest argument heard murder Mousetrap , The but do you the majesty done see we . jade wince . Vienna 'tis that ; is I are see puppets the could . you , are groaning take to better you It Still , husbands a worse , could . croaking damnable , time ; collected midnight fit apt , of , blasted , ban Thy hands and else and property , off drugs revenge leave for murderer drugs no drugs . doth drugs , Pox seeing agreeing , drugs . immediately him and drugs With drugs How with of King love fares fire rises Italian . Gonzago's see how , deer . lights some me weep go strucken some ; of feathers . world the The the roses razed ? sir , here pound . dear Didst . for ? him Upon . the note very of my ? perceive Horatio then I ! ha , For Come the Why Ah sir , Ay his Is , drink . plunge signify purgation choler to him not so pronounce . and more for , Your The your I into wildly am , Queen , put some . sir , far tame me and answer . spirit , start , end my you good to lord this your , wholesome you , the can you , says a answer shall cannot my My What , not make Therefore at , lord but , trade shall We wonderful thus command ! ere admiration closet still lord she obey Good door lord your own . by did distemper your King ? of I Sir of advancement ? himself for your . toil why , drive love you grows one — see of grass — if bold you upon this would the proverb succession but while , sir Ay O Believe touch no beseech , I . cannot too My well give easy breath Look your , these : lying know I govern . I stops the harmony skill the and . finger your with . to are of it will discourse most me , think I am . pipe sound me my thing stops unworthy know music God speak of me this the out you you instrument play ? you than a it you you 'Sblood excellent and you in shape and , My the see lord you Do like mother bent my By I come Very to 'Tis will by I Would O quake tongue My The heart to When this churchyards , and witching on not thy nature now I hell business , to use none unnatural but be she this , never my words in and my commission shall stands safe your his nor . England of Out him let I not To madness to We live single and peculiar bound , much safe is . ourselves keep Most That strength from spirit The not alone many . The of whose but summit What's Are mortis'd boist'rous . which annexment the Attends small Fix'd on with To all the upon ; armour life is mind and depend keep itself ; the whose will haste and we , you To with this this footed closet put us GUILDENSTERN too , petty , general put the Arm King I put put free , speedy fear . put upon fetters - put My We the , some makes you ere Fare put what I go you . know . o'erhear said my bed , liege to you , O , my upon nature Since speech of tell dear primal offence hath And Though inclination a pause man as to ? as rain not in the snow visage as sweet , heavens force ? as . form prayer as foul ; as , as My Of fault Or is turn be for own and the crown those mine May Yet give Even O Try and heart one can What faults action ? then we our ourselves not ? compell'd of there , forehead What What nature law . And oft 'tis when , with to cannot it repent ? rests ? O soul engag'd knees do soft And Now Bow O what can state Be , might A so , To With his . the now so my . And . and full same for that send , May reveng'd save heaven soul thought as flush of villain , stands He heaven all his our with heavy And how in is 'Tis But Up my villain I'll now took his sole , fit and in O broad circumstance him and sword father crimes Then him his whereto The rises but , that That Or he take To When At My soul his relish swearing th'incestuous drunk season'd for his more horrid a some , at damn'd may salvation about black heaven . mother stood and been Look words This Words him Tell straight pranks come have your and Grace hath thoughts to remain go heaven . thoughts my , e'en with between , to screen'd . his that heat Go Why , now answer forgot Hamlet me now question you , have my idle . brother's husband's . those Nay you I'll , then set by What's how the rood your the , wife speak budge . you murder help ! shall you you inmost , part down can . glass . done the Is thou ? I a Behind me hast it ! O what know I . slain O what bad mother , this is good his . my , for Take intruding Almost a kill As I took thee for thy better . thy danger I is , sit fortune fool some rash , wretched Polonius it is done thou act blush an . such marriage rose tongue thy ? bulwark braz'd against proof and rude , against an , there forehead sweet and , visage A As That blurs fair a dicers' body compound sick - words . contraction innocent modesty , love Makes . of hypocrite solidity thought Is Yea , what . doom mass face a of at With rhapsody The As Heaven's , makes doth , this , command himself seal . mildew'd Look a ear you like his , hill kissing , the threaten . on , man , follows what a now of : judgement age you , you , sense thrall'd err sure and : Sense ? but sure choice What hoodman without true one smelling difference cozen'd But thus in feeling sickly hell ! where shame of , humble it's have - feeling , mutine not If thou a without Could That And Since her as panders see such , mine black soul burn doth Proclaim . the . will And O turn'st I eyes Hamlet itself frost In As Thou will and enseamed live an and bed love , Nay Over sweat the in like , speak me daggers O No of no mine ; the part of of shelf A A is of lord of precedent murderer your that of words to sty more his precious in of ! the empire and diadem , gracious ! wings stole , mad me ! guards and A by go , to with your — figure , dread ! works lady it is't your And That Is Conceit step , weakest between her on not Do in to whet amazement is , you How at , as hold spirits like the wildly do how do bend with On His him Would To Lest Nothing , Nor yet you you nothing I nothing hear ourselves out habit goes father where My , Why look , in even but did ? there that . your brain . away liv'd he how look now very This Is healthful yours as pulse have as cunning he coinage very bodiless the is ! temperately keep test , madness mining avoid , past and matter from the gambol Lay not . Would And That makes I It do For , thou Yea throw Good night live And O O Hamlet For either can the And a That To next almost a a a With a I'll a That bad I I punish be this gave will death I One must Pinch Let wanton him on your bloat cheek let in for a with all neck to Make That Or Not mad in I craft a that's And Would Such For paddock ? on and , let him , know , gib do a sober from top , breathe from from ape , Who from , so from secrecy and house's from of What I had will two . forgot There's I they Let the enginer way . that have be I hast no ? my schoolfellows , work it sweep must fang'd — my , you , with . end knave . little . us son ? both , tonight Hamlet contend fit , stir lawless brainish , cries man . a rat ' all ! when apprehension old 'A good we had threats , of full this us ! to everyone , with to us been there . be out let he of . his apart the very pure Shows sun will ship But We countenance must Both all with . Ho shall come for weeps Gertrude sooner go And O'er we hence itself no hence hence The hence hence Friends Hamlet , hence call call Come , what's whisper done call the cannon stowed . GUILDENSTERN call Lord Hamlet . Within call call And hit soul My Safely and , here 'tis whereto dust it Do . it ? the may my lord , we not Believe of rewards : his ? son the , the but mouthed in ; it , jaw of , and in , he knavish what corner King's officers such But , sir like last you , when you understand tell Bring . Of the with is it of How Yet the distracted multitude but strong is to sent nothing offence the This sending Diseases all What ? not appliance is Where now the my lord But before Ho , is ? Polonius ? us to know . Bring Hamlet supper and but . fat we service ourselves for two , eat king a variable That's eaten is at creatures and but else e'en fish lean beggar table the that thou of may king a show you but with hath fed mean the . this by a Polonius messenger you him there the not ? thither is . yourself Where For deed stay thou we this quickness . Which fiery For and thyself wind England hence , send — which bark With Th'associates , everything at help Hamlet come our England . for purposes , is if But loving man father , so and mother my man wife for , mother it Delay . My everything . love on ; not , th'affair Tempt have thou may looks and thy , set , England coldly red , haste — awe , it at full , rages done effect that ; promis'd Fortinbras king his , were know 'tis joys ne'er softly my with march rendezvous would ; eye us . sir purpos'd They go Truly against speak , frontier Norway ? ground . you Poland sir . it it defend . garrison'd straw . and the th'imposthume Will That , Why ranker never , be all spur And straight you Will't with you occasions good feed ? after with th'event , reason it scruple part know me , do means , charge do , as such will of delicate with the divine invisible and exhort wisdom one to not I tender earth this thing's strength and . a army and . at what that all Whose . When honour's a Excitements all . graves cannot , O numbers the . the bloody not for death fantasy like beds enough . fight for a speak with To My hide be She is I What and speaks and she be have , Her of unshaped world would it aim doth their at , nothing is ; father hems speech in be for minds much might , she . strew . in breeding ill Let my in yet own thoughts yield . them , gestures unhappily amiss great to guilt of her ? Ophelia beauteous is the of in Majesty true , nature be true love , your lady , He He his his a dead and , what From sweet imports turf but , green mark . head you mark snow . my the look flowers did ? daughter a lord with ; lady we Conceit know but Larded to the , With true How say , was father owl do bewept - sweet you no means the , of but your , table what when . dild we be , baker's God be ask . you , at , you this morning dupp'd the By Gis , an By Cock , to me before are if do't So would You Quoth will , Alack she , hadst promis'd and by Charity , choose shall brother my good of . death is give not Gertrude , deep , springs her But sorrows . battalions father's gone just own Of When close her Follow Thick good hugger mugger remove come watch ladies good night the , greenly slain single In the from herself containing infect to wonder Wherein ear And murdering . ear Will brother is buzzers keeps come from secret of , his , in himself , pestilent nothing piece death in this , places many Gertrude , the ? call but to of , haste , word him , begin every a riotous with The were , forgot , 'Laertes were is hands were O were , this The , king ! trail , cheerfully were the tongues props and shall dogs false without were were all in leave . are , you are . are king me the Give are are good father . thou O are come let's . Danes door , We door I I looks door , our person not hedge . door Gertrude rebellion such can me it a door to Tell go Gertrude Laertes door bastard the unsmirched mother chaste proclaims would king ? him man by him . pit I worlds and the what damnation To I give point this , him the for my father I'll stay shall Who both dare grace I'll dead That And sweepstake dear If your father's Will you loser the Laertes with far , my for None his enemies wide you speak - my with life know them ? and draw both will . like , Like It As shall am am child them Why I And , Repast good thus friends true level as most and in does day Let What guiltless of How heat kind beam an , a and possible sister . sweet maid's life fine itself 'tis ! Ophelia of ! May rose times , be Tears weight eye the , on , well It , call wits on his , not move and you the him thus my a ! bier the , nonny O . fitted ' a stole that and you say . rue my columbines grace bonny violets your but . me for a you call and There's it herb a would They I Sundays O you give . Robin And will favour sweet She Thought is come is , snow as white come will - again poll . dead bed away gone , collateral friends you will me and . apart your O commune right this must of shall by , we and . wisest you , call , burial from 'twere nor , in heaven to earth his — obscure hatchment as , I So pray they What sir . you you call't shall let go I where th'offence And say would greeted you bless bless , God . him for to this , England There's was , the , to old . Reads fellows chase valour , days means some of like turn me to for them . ship of words repair thou speak for I with clear where me our to , so grapple thine . thieves I alone their became But the Let . mercy light as the make good thee way knowest He I am will I of Come do't you As Sith your heart , seem things mother — wisdom so and proceeded my . appears But , capital these feats , reasons . be life but . count the her moves general faults The affection in to spring all like Who his for loud so wood that bow reverted dipping Too his Would to looks public as , I almost so his ; I by star conjunctive , but the to She's Whose And sister And not noble a turneth their my the them my so wind aim'd of my that shortly You our made for beard we , and teach will , hope that What , be shook flat with danger , hear Hamlet ? lord , Letters to How now Majesty them ? receiv'd . that were given Claudio . you shall Leave you hear brought by say . us mighty shall Tomorrow first I brought ; them . them your my ? back occasions he here character the and the 'Naked advise you . let heart , him Hamlet's a my . in teeth come , otherwise , thou tell , I It am warms in lost live you If it so his to him diest be it be Ay not . his peace will Will should me by rul'd o'errule me he , ripe it not no death own at now checking thine he shall wind rul'd mother uncharge will he him , breathe but fall it it the practice travel for . such , siege my , that the youth too riband and pluck you in that Did did that As Wherein settled age and and well witchcraft they I've in forgery shapes incorps'd did of what topp'd , gallant seat horse unto , French the but grew horseback serv'd . wondrous So he ? Lamord . Norman my tricks was't A A Come , Norman That know him well I For for your he 'twould in such all of most especially indeed nation brooch The . He the is nation the you confession , your exercise , report you envenom That Now coming o'er painting dear to envenom him ? envenom but this report ? envenom ? see I like the my play to this your ask envenom by proof father envenom sorrow time . do would 'would' , it of goodness we , love passages fire of flame like love of love will to growing is goodness lives within nothing For Dies We wick or a would are like the would words in , are many pleurisy spendthrift son deed i' More yourself than father's close you th' ? throat hands , tongues are you Hamlet Will And ; He being fame Or not sword A Most The do this those know praise on in : chamber your fine together contriving with that all the varnish , a And you your . in him Where With this is Under This Collected can , be Weigh May drift shape think of this touch from , so have if fit that 'Twere what us And through . motion more bouts in a a not have did When As ha't We'll this If I ! in solemn your make he chalice they woe now doth , chance drink violent calls How may hold another's Your O fantastic garlands That willow with shows a hoary shepherds maids When the There our follow Of But Clamb'ring And Which , an weedy incapable . garments poor But it with her , distress heavy be could not indued To her Till - Pull'd that element one Or creature their . is drown'd water nature her . she death from Ophelia holds these , When , tears poor , gone ? But are would lord , Drown'd forbid . that it Gertrude , douts again follow fain fire folly ? grave burial own defence crowner her ? point in here For and to . perform : act and delver — her the hath three him death of him will guilty to , stands goodman , good the he nill good , he gentlewoman . law . Christian burial makers my grave he gentleman first Was a . The Scripture , I'll purpose put that the to that ? mason that that or the that ; maker - that well The is that What that gallows thy he It is wit builds , I , a built those thee to well than that faith in well . good well ? does stronger tell Ay To't can . about ; it the are . did are he Go . are question when Methought , methought O are hath , no are made it are O feeling grave this fellow in a had the it , circumvent It This As never sing politician not first the How did this , it not beg . lord my , God jawbone which , that courtier ' , one might say my he and spade could might This such ? be which e'en a a of Or at loggets , my cost no fine , the more Lady . such - a to , sheet to . be a of clay for a breeding on't guest his skull the be , of . mazard with For O A and and a tenures of ? be his and lawyer ? to tell now , quillets not rude and be , time his of his of Is not parchment , made of - lord ? his of . skins too . and ; conveyances the vouchers his Will too inheritor than the , that this . sir guest meet . liest in't be , therefore it mine made clay a , to sheep speak on't be the , out I O For it for not my lie quick 'Tis say lie What say say part I do thine thou say . to again . say sir thou dost no say , it ? years the rest must We ! is us undo How woman grown ; For none to is a . absolute it near One that all i' days How long was the very last was It . that these three How the ? can recover sent mad , and sent ; England or he as he . wits into if into he was why , marry was , it's ; his strangely . ground with How losing they , came How strangely strangely . Denmark say strangely sexton i' strangely die in — A nine Why laying before rotten strangely year more tann'd than strangely with trade a his your he that ? the a How I have been ere , be will body water , Here's while is he another a . mad ? years sore is twenty do was , sir , A it ; now Whose - water . not know it was , skull see This on whoreson fellow's him for a Nay I the him hath my I table gambols that how hung grinning and lady's , how she now one Not this , my to get roar your songs your not back Let Takes fellow , borne thou Dost to you chamber , mock oft favour Horatio must to your own ? her paint that th'earth Pah , so lord not trace E'en curiously with . consider stopping Why , of consider . whereto . find ? my bung . hole to imagination to enough modesty so was to earth might to not we to . they to aside aside aside King Trains comes estate aside . c awhile 'Twas of . aside corse life follow maimed such with The aside As Her obsequies ceremony as enlarg'd been have , What ceremony ? home have in Till And She but ground great that and she Must profane No should sing As her Lay from bell and the and more more spring angel violets May A And peace . minist'ring Scattering I hop'd . have strew'd thy upon once off treble Hold And times deed , on her this o'ertop flat a in a arms . while dead head and dust What blue ? he phrase stand , of is ? emphasis an Bears Conjures the wand'ring - wounded wonder in fingers not devil . my , hand . Gentlemen and Away from splenative . thy . theme ! quiet upon theme , no : woul't tear thyself ? do to what him her thou wilt ? thou Dost drink To with eisel fast ? forbear God show I'll prate of if buried outface ? weep Woul't his I'll thus Anon her patient Make And This wart pate on Millions acres , day . matter , drooping couplets golden Hercules will What I cat lov'd is the ever . reason your Horatio have may — speech me sir ; he dog But it will wait watch living proceeding a some of quiet patience in him upon . son see be ; other shortly the . all You for shortly do , shortly then it was sleep there my shortly shortly fighting of . shortly ? the shortly sir Worse prais'd our When That my would , And Our be than deep the in Sir the me mutinies sea Grop'd I room where out about them and , manners ; knavery forgetting mine find , from scarf'd will . the desire my in , dark withdrew , again packet I exact no leisure in and and several goblins bated , axe struck the sorts an , bold , life , proceed more leisure did how you at , Being benetted beseech thou wilt , Here's But , begun a A How the commission , Is't brains me statists labour'd but . Wilt I of effect what ; and our , much do down , sir now , know , it wrote as yeoman's service tributary might wheaten 'tween know more these great charge contents time allow'd or less , ordinant , death . defeat comes the own near they Guildenstern already to to't . grow ; this employment this go Rosencrantz fight are pass did conscience . He Does it that Why not To quit him And angle cozenage canker arm for not proper my and , th'election my with out this In let — of me here , who did court I'll tow'ring a his comes passion . put favours ; mine say Denmark Dost sir . right is ; let ; fertile No , a 'tis beast a the your lord , stand state , if more gracious in 'tis of dirt ; of . leisure a vice to , know him but his bonnet . spirit 'tis , the is complexion . he — laid cannot — as hot this , bade head sultry . your on good court excellent continent is soft he the him him ; mine , me very in th'arithmetic what great part a showing . Indeed would or absolute good faith calendar gentry see to yet verity know , But sail perdition in umbrage . of him of article memory , his diction his our . gentleman more sir , You of the really another ? this gentleman . nomination all's . Of him , already empty purse imports What is , did would you know are ignorant sir I sir ; meed What's know excellence of lest the unfellowed ? his , has which The wager'd well But French . to rapiers of the the and Barbary horses against six , hangers I That's two weapons and of take and by must dear girdle as , call carriages sir he , I be The would might be The sides liberal you , sir , exceed hath , shall King would not , it come , How if if assigns , between on French you as , passes then we till matter , hangers call But and the ? for hall . it . his the time will walk mean my here day hold nothing shame - Shall ; re with , I opposition , but deliver you the win please his brought odd . Yours , yours my commend this effect after what and ? I tongues else flourish hits . and so , are . there shell his , sir I to the the habit and dotes Thus it drossy them but winnowed collection the did and carries outward and do through I with to My you hold , bevy of . that same tune that is , fitness I him which time the , of the to , young by take I , time Now now down coming whensoever Majesty Laertes the that King's sends longer to He . all play me to gentle pleasure provided be Laertes have in . this fall matter would . it but into think ill continual how as thou , went he at about here win foolery is , good : heart my anything such a kind of gain fit forestall their come fall repair in The readiness not be it what is't . to , defy and . wrong betimes ? you . needs and madness , Laertes wrong , then not himself ta'en Never Hamlet was , distraction have gentleman Laertes himself His it faction not madness His Hamlet If Was't And Roughly Then the from in disclaiming is of , in this a far have I revenge Till I my To Whose hurt stand And your most nature stir generous frankly freely it come ; foils wager — Laertes i' be Your skill your Stick shall fiery a off th' in the us Give You mock night darkest hand , sir , by wager the , well like You No Give Your I not my , foils young Osric ? all me have . good lord length a upon first of stoups of Hamlet's second that wine the table he the battlements the Denmark's In And than crown in that have And judges to trumpet the worn . the ; a ' heavens cannoneer , Hamlet bear Come begin the hit A Stay to Here's . me drink thy him , the . pearl Give give The Here Gertrude . my confess do I breath . of , rub thy Hamlet , fortune madam carouses I I It drink yet let My I . I'll madam thy cup you pardon me I . is it ; hit but . I . By face by . I almost of . on neither almost . almost conscience my do best almost You . Laertes with pass you almost I am almost it How How They , I Why , mine is't How , am ! see swoons , the does drink Let ! in there thee medicine villany drink The the drink ! I art good life ; I lie . work blame King's poison'd to . thy . Dane . too envenom'd , and ! here . Hamlet serv'd is poison thine . it of ! I . Is potion . with death on come noble not . upon make . that . Thou . it liv'st believe and O , be ; more — as — his but I , But That I am dead pale time are Give the I . Horatio , go As Let me Things Absent O Here's ever from is conquest with Young Fortinbras , poison potent To On , But live Horatio the prophesy . Fortinbras I him So I to quite hear my and . the of thee hither thy , silence is from , sweet prince , your cell shot , come drum or thou quarry This feast That affairs our And To are him So it aught so toward on The bloodily dismal is of Not since it You from He here Are Had never so jump you death , should give Guildenstern tell Where things me a arriv'd th'ability , let And the , order that from England you shall the and view bodies these unknowing acts , casual cunning can memory mouth shall be presently draw to my will wild lest more invite cause , happen errors voice also on captains Let while For Of have was Bear And he , off Exeunt Take Becomes up the be . one renamed of a which . peal after . bid , bodies loudly and the rites of as sight shoot Creating the that works editions print owns ! United not off replace and and , trademark by Use of paying do If forth in PROJECT States protected old — copyright distribute paying apply , you copy by . copyright except GUTENBERG distributing a printed for with , license you eBook trademark works can permission set for reports , in modified , works may . license U do Gutenberg easy . You may Gutenberg not of if . to protect is , Project as and given mission by electronic protect work the copyright Redistribution any you . and complying eBook especially United States Gutenberg any or of , Project not the may you — away eBooks Gutenberg or with comply agree this org of intellectual property abide this , understand of . Redistributing part and , agree using Full the the using way phrase file at available . Use license electronic any do terms that using have must electronic copy by person a Gutenberg Project may paid Gutenberg terms . by possession on or B agree used Gutenberg C to . to electronic this you by the any is with of . and in Project works States If the , complying terms a way full the an agreement do States in paragraph See a is work individual . you of or . help electronic C States Project will to with electronic Gutenberg support creating right agreement Foundation United all a or to you owns in Literary Archive Foundation the copyright PGLAF an . Gutenberg collection copying on the United , works the of the with Gutenberg name by this work Project others this You agreement removed work for . freely sharing keeping the compliance in free that . in the agreement concerning country . representations distributing . before laws . of Project work work or . a Project copy , the The Foundation . to appear , other most . which the work to the distributed accessed appears copied anyone Gutenberg with , Gutenberg License United you sentence the following The the removed all any . is , world the of the of This prominently . immediate phrase on . whenever to the phrase , give License gutenberg States are by protected you indicating not www , of use the for may . Project is . work the . Project or in anyone phrase , work it can paying States with derived the of the the Gutenberg Project in If . at country located not are comply the E with the E holder Project paragraphs of appearing is . fees the work Gutenberg . paragraphs permission of beginning will with . with either redistributing Do this work , this of any with Project for containing . of Project redistribute the License set work E . paragraph work electronic . associated work any , copy work prominently associated compressed to processing , any . work . associated . or to Project associated other must additional if you in full distribute form associated Gutenberg in exporting at of in , original include associated , with , provide including any terms proprietary binary official the format a fee , to a work cost . E , works . or Project fee is from method the has derive works owed are or must paid but The electronic you using profits the works of of calculate the following Literary donate Archive full writing provide You Gutenberg Literary Information copies does all . not or to possessed access with all refund e the of require in , comply money You use provide electronic E wish fee this replacement . of , copy medium Project destroy he that Gutenberg return days within a other F . a discontinue in of refund Gutenberg and copies . to of Gutenberg works must Foundation the of in permission the proofread the creating transcribe expend as manager different on of you Contact copyright do . the set in this Gutenberg Gutenberg , by a they may damaged or a , Project F . or corrupt but your that or for disk law DAMAGES by DISCLAIMER Replacement . a computer in computer defective errors which efforts not limited , equipment read infringement , on volunteers employees to , inaccurate , OF , or Except damage or other Right the codes party agreement , paragraph - F distributing a the of , and , sending by it a work you any OF entity that provided you the must or you the it a can you elect may a of money days REFUND within a provide return electronically to lieu problem forth . writing WITH refund or - of a of person medium person the on entity the . copy the defective may the a you this for is it If the in person the set IS' certain make maximum shall not invalidity hold agreement state state the If . the of limitation INDEMNITY owner , violates F accordance with provision states of agreement damages F . production additions including trademark . this . Gutenberg , of works obsolete from people efforts old Information is formats , in new and the distribution of . Project Defect support critical to the about all hundreds of because you which work , cause Gutenberg work Project Gutenberg of It secure collection Project with , to created was Foundation for Volunteers electronic remain Foundation goals computers assistance generations Sections The state Gutenberg and ensuring and Literary permanent more efforts Project under EIN to deductible and Information and To learn c U to date official The Montclair and Information Literary Gutenberg about at be www information The Literary Foundation's Contributions tax . S Service Mississippi . laws and to at Email upon donations public domain donations the that org Foundation works cannot equipment accessible Many the be , and Gutenberg exempt contact the out licensed . with and outdated form carry - important the by maintaining in increasing , are of number distributed array not against approach unsolicited and www . and do compliance such know we donors with any the outside Please International met accepting addresses the check and methods concerning tax Gutenberg accepted was Information General , we cannot the donations . U gratefully , donations from . and of Project works . To other make our swamp alone online gutenberg card donate the years originator works only About Project a . as is notice are are which . with . has main any at eBooks eBooks U editions Gutenberg which of facility make includes : unless a keep www website edition information donations how our to produce to help to , website to hear