Nay answer Stand Stand Stand . hour Stand Stand Stand , cold ? had sick . heart . bitter to bed . Francisco at . guard quiet mouse good Horatio you If rivals hear And . to them Stand , A this have nothing thing I says him . tonight him hold night . it . of , we have against assail your seen speak nights Barnardo hear us yond Well Where Had same Last let star made course it like ; the ? speak the then that's , Most it Looks not art a scholar off King to comes dead that's , spoke be fair Question In Together art What , usurp'st this of buried time and that ! speak ! will fantasy ! this avouch not ? true ! know my eruption particular this sit tell strict the brazen state that he our to me most , scope and thought gone twice In martial But , some what So such Dar'd so At Does foreign divide least Had he Hamlet carriage the inheritance , young sir article of King vanquisher . mettle skirts up unimproved the a stomach doth it hath Shark'd food For That As But terms lost by So was and most A stars Disasters And whose with in sun influence Upon almost , And Was As and earth preceding where me Lo heaven prologue Have But I'll speak speak , speak speak speak I speak it if Do 'Tis the . the when a majestical show the like blows being gone We It Doth Awake confine god in his And it a Upon the To faded Saviour's Wherein Whether cock that ; shrill , have to - and at earth hies air throat heard thing the herein ; comes . spirit of crowing on that say , no no the is , they No do it ; season celebrated stir , in part . gracious witch spirit , believe . russet high and seen tonight advice hill eastward by , long mantle speak us dumb what up our young to loves Hamlet the look we Let Break o'er I heard Walks dew Where . morning know . conveniently . brother's dear our , in hearts , yet Though bear Laertes , Lords of To green Hamlet , Voltemand in on with woe Attendant death , and and it The Have we to grief remembrance 'twere and weighing scale affair Holding , nor ; have all For , wisdoms follows With Taken this Therefore we with sometime Th'imperial Together as in , state defeated dropping delight you dear freely barr'd , dirge and herein advantage his our brother's , gone a one and wife a by and of , with of . late of surrender our weak state with this be know that father is this time have : herein and business and all brother , pester of fail'd frame message lands out death of to Colleagued He His impotent gait of , of bearers no greeting and : subject Cornelius you with dilated King these old than articles , to you proportions in here are - uncle his , made , personal further To , You Out Giving business Of let Farewell now And You all things your show nothing And shall my to suit of wouldst thou VOLTEMAND . the . the What speak of That The lose You native not , with , news farewell you beg asking , father Denmark , thy Laertes , the Dane , Laertes thy France ? to What ? and from wrung last me says leave gracious ; seal'd you I my will leave slow consent go . time and , Hamlet than , my more still you than kind . for eye thine Good How , that so Hamlet , my noble not Passing Do Ay , common lives . mother eye not visage , river moods of haviour , they with Why my of forc'd it in black good particular suits of solemn , thee , I Nay inky is the the of shows , grief , These man a breath seem play passeth ; nature the which indeed show , father ; Hamlet , father your a and father duties lost But lost obsequious his , condolement . obligation , a most stubbornness obstinate impious understanding most we ? against An know any should we Fie , our peevish fault to vulgar earth to throw died common to hath a sense nature cried today that who vulgar , still pray for woe ' immediate vulgar be death To corse so the reason the absurd and We ; vulgar no with a unprevailing most impart Than vulgar From must vulgar This are 'This of vulgar first of father And As the which is It You I In going that And Here Our I in all the in we Be jocund to the Denmark in of , thunder heaven accord a unforc'd . Denmark and gentle health cannon earthly flesh melt dew ! world garden nature in unweeded unprofitable ! this ! mother hang , yet is woman heaven my was much come so and and gross earth on ! sheets , come speed unrighteous galled incestuous for cannot wicked in O . such , it to to eyes tears post tongue . good my I or glad : ever my forget . lord with ? friend my good same servant you do poor , change Sir I'll what And make My Marcellus from you good even , are own violence so that student . funeral - ere in you ear my do it your know truster your enemy say truant depart no deep your of I drink . see see my your father's , fellow me mock not I Indeed Thrift Did furnish eye ; take him saw was I my a my my My He mind's he a , Saw ? Who my King your yesternight my , all in him all . my again think my father ! till these . gentlemen you God's This witness I a my hear . may gentlemen these let , Barnardo dead exactly with eyes he - A , and cap your night , to not night third deliver'd did , they the act - figure on their , march solemn : of ; This , like fear with jelly speak secrecy not . But hands where knew more like true both , oppress'd truncheon's and the word each I this where it ; watch . we platform to I did yet ? methought did it morning none : crew haste , address loud away true . 'tis honour'd it my know let We MARCELLUS do Arm'd Both this lord to head ? Then you , he wore Pale , Nay And or It or fix'd or or or or I very I . it tell a long ? BARNARDO and Longer Not saw't beard I as seen I And If Give will I you my silence , you 'twixt loves platform to . father's in requite it bid me shall . visit mine arms would men's rise ! come , honour ! soul o'erwhelm All your . eyes . well farewell : not , foul deeds : Farewell sleep winds spirit then my earth still I Till My some My And And convoy necessaries me are is hear embark'd benefit , nature not permanent the trifling his ? from , Do a in , sweet a ; mind the does no grow and nor Perhaps service bulk Think more No fashion and suppliance of of youth primy but no now may The His For Carve The weigh'd withal inward and wide greatness virtue He And the for your voice therefore sanctity he give the weigh too heart , in Or it Out As It his saying his particular ; so far he if your loss deed honour chaste your or shot and fear your credent what main , Fear If with unmaster'd treasure ; sister affection . desire . spring strokes of in ungracious and puff'd fear own , my not ; sail for , with blessing your second a , Aboard the . memory no aboard his thought . you . vulgar adoption no thoughts by their soul act unproportion'd few There in tried , judgement voice . in being comrade entertainment . thy : thee few reserve ; in express'd man censure habit thy , ear , man's purse proclaims most a the a loses own thine to : borrowing as the of be , in . be true . and husbandry friend the but as day . my thee tend ; And blessing not canst Farewell time , have , you do I Ophelia my 'Tis I Farewell So Marry bethought and free so of oft ; very been — caution and tell , you clearly must I up your Hamlet late yourself bounteous to you Have be told private me 'Tis If that You Do ! Of in of ? made late and the honour 'tis me understand so yourself — my not a . circumstance girl them call I should his Pooh Unsifted believe , not know I'll , these think , tenders lord green like pay dearly a me wind yourself poor with go importun'd you'll of Tender for tenders what a more the me . it honourable the you sterling to hath fashion to ; call phrase , lord as , of parley him larger to . presence as rate is may a maiden From is these extinct a Hamlet , as as , brokers show investments , forth , as , as Lord few a as dye like you plain implorators or you talk so words , to't to Have not Breathing beguile any moment come my , give I with . time all from your Lord leisure shall charge I an ; it now hour of and It Indeed ? I Wherein What spirit mean this heard wont It not it walk to draughts swaggering Rhenish upspring tonight his my he drum bray and and trumpet of east and though ; custom than a , and kettle From Soil The our drunkards ; and , and indeed at phrase it nature our perform'd height , pales his origin men attribute nations . custom observance , o'erleavens much these some , manners the Fortune's too of it choose as man one defect — guilty them forts that pure , of doubt evil men hell , I That a thou with , father com'st me in I'll a such wicked heaven or charitable goblin from blasts shape but , O inurn'd sepulchre jaws in questionable , us defend grace or health from thee Angels King Let will Thou speak Dane . tell , mean , steel complete again and ; ignorance in burst not thy not It speak do And , Why life it I'll as immortal , set what , Which draw Without might beetles to tempt you dreadful base summit toward o'er the of the sovereignty some assume his deprive you very And it fathoms brain beneath looks so motive puts madness ? of , hears place more The Be And As makes cries Hold rul'd your my , still . follow call'd a Go on Unhand out artery lion's each Nemean hardy as . make — of ghost shall not , in this nerve body . gentlemen him , with will of . not desperate imagination . fit thus . I'll no further flames , tormenting . serious unfold bound poor , am what not poor poor poor for And the the a poor certain confin'd term day done of secrets purg'd . poor unfold soul tale and Are am thou Doom'd I for the like particular upon hair to combined freeze locks blazon from part to ; a thy porpentine on ! stand start each knotted eternal thy father . swift — be love murder , dear God unnatural it as Hamlet Denmark , did orchard Now ear of , life father's noble youth lust — power gifts have shameful the adulterate that , Now that his of wit will O The So With From me went to her marriage natural gifts and link'd heaven of angel a scent garbage the in wretch . soft let secure , vial uncle did on on through effect bed on stole afternoon . methinks , And be on ! itself prey hebenon my , blood the it vigour on gates , a like - and thin And on My hour of always my the in Upon of courses pour body , on but all ! O thee not horrible most ! thou hast the for pursu'st luxury bed imperfections , All I of off And to The prick To Against Adieu , adieu ! adieu . Remember O fie ! Hold O hell heaven earth not his my , shows - And you , stiffly ghost distracted table of past , heaven , is it all of my shall copied , all away , books I'll saws All of thy the with Unmix'd That and fond there villain ! live villain down , by , Yes pernicious , may adieu . MARCELLUS remember to Denmark a word . so in Now be . be it sure am I least Within Within . my lord . it ho , Hillo How ho Within Within Illo , Come ? be . ho is't , my my wonderful it tell lord reveal you'll heart be of lord . my I by would and heaven lord . Denmark right the are and you , as every that , but are I'm wild as There's there is , here me . vision , Touching that And what now know , between tell us soldiers is . to desire ghost poor this , We , request one you may me is't you What make My lord swear't , but you MARCELLUS not . I , Nor In my Nay , faith Never under sayst ha Ha , boy , on Cries the . Swear Art thou cellarage seen . Swear . Canst remove i' my Come your th'earth friends strange . welcome . Horatio , might' . if if shake on disposition shall bear philosophy and your in so I hereafter encumber'd 'If Or Rest And what so perturbed . grace and aught such you we With rest , God him Give . wisely money and my marvellous Before My will , lord I very first ; his , shall visit do said Marry , And so Ay him' , part As him he so and you be may Addicted forgeries ; dishonour , What in in 'And But no must That , lord would it in faults on his liberty mind , so season another is meaning You The But my general outbreak lord this sir laying I Of savageness , should here's , you ever party As Your He The Having youth the so , man in of the . 'friend or you 'Good sir mass about — does He , By so the know , and I say or him with such 'closes in consequence about he , say ' , yesterday in you , he such , gaming : a such at was , him brothel , or : 'closes with out enter assays and directions we , my , me , have out of of . so wisdom carp you perchance in's — you advice , truth bias . wi' I Good Observe Well in , the have Ophelia what's , lord what name been I as , hat Lord My Alas , gyved , his head his each foul'd , matter affrighted God in with a , he of ? but truly , he , before other ankle knees been loosed look me . out love and all brow he of o'er his mine and his me said What to to draw would As end being it his head That hand wrist arm ; arm so held hard and profound the Whose leads This And That Come property natures any , am sorry heaven undertakings seek . late of command denied , heed as our you lord his but ; proper my beshrew did opinions but , sort younger close I common Come which hide grief I is to our is for wreck ourselves to nor need The Our Of his it than More much from . was that I So Since dream cannot th'understanding , What Something have much , And we dear to that Moreover Resembles That draw So To so father's time aught much so of neighbour'd as open'd he show to your and profit it thanks our gentry much so As fits supply Your visitation , have of obey entreaty dread Than us For the majesties . your king's time expend Put , pleasures you into command pleasures feet your the , Might your sovereign power in , ourselves up give pleasures Both us pleasures pleasures pleasures pleasures . Guildenstern visit . from Th'ambassadors . Pleasant . Norway the father return'd , of good news still my my to Both I first , do long I to the be and shall Give hath hold us'd very My it to my it doubt source queen that them in . our I The grace , do news sweet Thyself Welcome , what from Norway ; him out , which 'gainst , your borne in hand sends brief and , and out arrests obeys , in never against , age ; truly desires ? Highness Highness : Highness , the those employ to thousand Norway , Highness , griev'd Highness before Highness So That Through an him it On Gives And might With are safety this give further shown . and more at your consider'd think for welcome night should night brevity waste is limbs son noble define madness mad , is and day brief I but be for else but true outward soul and time is , use for grant out effect , remains rather find this cause ; pity 'tis figure remains . art , use . this A . the — Hath celestial an ill phrase the That's Who a this , madam : daughter thou Doubt , a vile phrase to Hamlet shall you I I above obedience And out hath , mine to time , hath daughter his means . by ear , not to it , me show'd . I , best thee dear more in Thine dear that am But these love best have . reckon . honourable . man seen you , might that wing you might love on love But think , dumb - sight to work and , here table , think , the what with winking queen hot I tell what , you , idle I I went the No , the the , into the And Admit no messengers done Fell It the the Into a prov'd I this this Take Hath there been have such you think it that , I That know sometimes hours . farm a keep Let And Be Mark be will it and reason he my an loose I I'll and So indeed daughter , not assistant , thereon assistant try presently assistant Lord beseech , good my God Hamlet me leave assistant I'll assistant But I do wretch away assistant poor . does How Away , sadly the both picked dog dead in a lord . goes thousand , good ? being a lord honest lord my , I Not , if For be to sir not i' th' How gone me walk daughter that in first And . you at . say not by he youth was . words , you says have ; though I have to yet madness Though I honesty sir a here their read . Will this be they wrinkled slave it thus a crab down , wit am be should of , backward as I . air , is . in't ? sometimes which leave daughter of him and and part . my and I . of between , fools he . sir is there ! lord you , Guildenstern of the not over very button , Neither middle . both earth is strumpet or , in ; world's true privates waist her about my lord Faith her . a more question . honest . not prison hither friends true , wards bad prison my not so in it a not that for ; king or your . dreams 'tis ; one bounded could dreams space infinite Which ambitious but of ambition . beggars we I Shall upon with I . occasion . th' to , I am own my , Is I your , come it Is thanks in too even visit halfpenny nay lord Were speak visitation you you ? not sent . Come modesties sent ? for and end the your confession . anything colour to kind teach by the love consonancy me you secrecy . your but I and canopy excellent frame earth indeed wherefore ; goodly , other with you golden fire sterile anticipation moult lost know the why My ; King goes not man how not so nor woman : admirable ; congregation reason . said when , then was your there My Why like an you angel piece you of moving animals smiling And how like yet you you seem . of paragon you Man by did you you He of me not clown sigh adventurous make those shall welcome humorous freely say city take such . laugh What players , shall lungs mind her , the knight be shall , his man use whose for't to gratis hold they estimation so they are . I in late ? there on ; the , and . the fashion wearing , not escoted they are dare quills that pace grow rusty but they Do it , comes top them scarce sing they — Will as it money holds no too load , and , forty give Hercules and his than my do they there fifty is would are Gentlemen , garb , fairly are appurtenance this welcome mad outward . hawk of But should more - my father and dear When north - west . a and you Well be with you , ear an indeed . it is hearer a clouts man . 'twas . Monday a , actors news lord . have I you . come tell . are , hither . actors - writ and judge - world , The not th' I fair What , liberty my lord passing my , right Still lord Jephthah Am me Aside , my i' What that I lord my . wot , know God most , it like . look . more show to Thy thee my valanc'd was . as abridgement welcome , of cracked is in ! Denmark glad , Masters . heaven I young than voice a , you . give us ring falconers ? was passionate my speech once , but it , play . the above thee to not heard , once digested in said there were But the it in method honest in as wholesome One , make lines the mine remember I , was it matter an than tale sallets no handsome but one such in well play whose the cunning , author , I affectation very , called as The It at begin , memory rugged this so not is now . a wrath damned , foot daughters parching and , streets , fathers impasted and the black the whose sable night complexion did ominous the dismal total tyrannous with coagulate , Pyrrhus horse to , grandsire murders vile lord So him where match'd drives command . in of strikes , wide his to , wind it antique accent . gore . and His , base prisoner Th'unnerved to Pyrrhus at short well , falls senseless . blow with a his Ilium flaming , Pyrrhus milky lo sword stood For . his father the with Seeming Stoops A nothing So And rend nothing armour sets nothing region as bold death , proof hammers fall nothing , for nothing nothing fiends the your as This , with to barber's a jig on the bowl As the In Break round strumpet nave and , away her take And It He's That's , beard long . too is robe for fear of all clout a caught tongue . her see make gods the About blanket Fortune's When But Who A if burst made have Where the . and barefoot up stood th'alarm , of state with , lank diadem in seen had themselves treason . time eyes them that colour well have Do hear soon in's speak you the more rest ? brief epitaph after . them Use will your you death ; they you while you a and bad your own honour and desert . live better better Use Come , the ? My less hear . We'll hear Murder in ? could down and a not my . lord , some The speech . lord my , tomorrow and Follow . Rosencrantz To till night You I you which lord would . sixteen ha't dozen so , it a force Could in well Good b' O Ay that , his God a from Tears what A forms weep for and general He motive his voice broken Hecuba with appal drown , speech indeed , peak do , not most , rascal ears ear the ; ear Hecuba , ear passion to What ? ear cue horrid the for with ear king ? cause I free Yet ear life the it mettled and , ear of faculties a A And calls by deep To slave's offal , treacherous oppression am , the I make Plucks me beard villain should lungs gives blows , the vengeance Oh should Remorseless as I Tweaks , That Prompted , fall a to - Must About A That struck though murder Have , have most the observe , the the and my the that the blench spirits , perhaps melancholy , have , the , quick the to mine something like . weakness spirit I'll be T'assume the I Abuses very me . The potent pleasing is he As the More relative me to damn of no play's I'll with this than I'll so you And can him turbulent and feels will he he confess do find him forward to by he puts lunacy distracted sounded no some . well he him on does He But Nor what crafty to receive like Of Most Did But much Most Niggard you forcing question We And hear there think in the on it , of as , To I . so raught did seem . any reply , in of his disposition players we of already . order court these fell Did assay . and it me entreat matter most he To my hear him ; much doth see true . edge . further on these Majesties content Hamlet by Ophelia . espials unseen , hither , may , cause your . for obey your him Hamlet's That , be . you , Ophelia I do virtues wish hope the happy this on in to , Gracious you ourselves such are action pious We devil 'tis speech cheek more my deed the Is smart too And Aside lash that beautied burden most word plastering doth ! The we himself helps it : Let's Or not and by ? To mind the be to I hear be To Whether And sleep No To slings ; ache is dream heir - that we us shuffled , scorns spurns contumely of make the law's life , coil respect the may natural there's sleep consummation shocks rub come to the . die To long unworthy and love office of quietus his dread No The With And makes , from life bear might might , of whose , rather sweat bear to thus native might conscience Than traveller might fly something might himself and country weary might bourn cast of know puzzles under a might returns Is How my my Ophelia all ! name Be day . remembrances re . your humbly Rich Ha ha As with the I my never And made my my , There poor my prove lord wax gifts ? you ? honest my your my than for be you beauty Could my if That Ay , fair means to into his , what , the sometime was bawd a This of , power . it it stock a indifferent honest that thee nunnery I You ; deceived or between Go ? of none believe all in Let be knaves . should nunnery , in . What them put to thoughts revengeful were better ambitious arrant ? it home your do time and act earth ways to , my , lord father Where's Be . make restore fool to thou dost nunnery , ice go , thee that , own in's him snow , for this you sweet . Or if quickly , more well your God you nunnery all given you wantonness say , sword tongue ! of noble and and , keep , mad . hath enough hath married are they is eye , youth and sovereign of and jangled noble soldier's what as that , o'erthrown , that it not , affections His like hatch sits what . speed to with quick which way form , disclose and brood the shall and variable Haply set it I For This Whereon fashion . do grief yet of now believe ? said please you play the after , fit it himself brains objects matter in his him commencement and The From from well origin all neglected love . How round entreat find . confine where him , ear him in . not . with be If shall be unwatch'd must best wisdom Your in shall so go as I you spoke I may split Herods the to of Herod I but are , to fellow capable crier if town your beget , a and hand - most out Be Suit virtue own is and neither ; playing as own Now unskilful . pressure of and hold , her was his make , to scorn her , of whose the 'twere image the end , overdone the or age very allowance I but cannot this , one made have and of laugh your players be strutted imitated it down set to villainous make a of them speak clowns your barren . then presently be . them . lord , just at a your e'en sweet , man . Horatio . my , ho , Horatio To feed thrift follow . thou of hinges soul mistress her Dost lick absurd pomp knee hear , the , that Fortune's suffering are and her hast . thanks and with man A one that poor the thou suffers blessed those been , buffets . herself pipe please , in my heart of heart death . foot me that him equal are well so and , they That is do have with mine not For As It Observe thou see'st . when I core , thee I As scene it thee , I Do prithee told that very is after will of mine I march They If i' Excellent faith - promise with nothing , have , To : of ; crammed this , I fares No I enact That of players kill ready . capital stay they upon . Capitol attractive . there . your lord , Ay Come my mother , Hamlet you . my your meant country my Ay , my head upon lap ? legs . lord I thought nothing think Nothing What between matters my think a That's maids' , Nay O , lady sables long , twice should , only how , Nay cheerfully jig your , there's ? whose whose man's memory churches then the whose . him . him the Anon unto Queen whose . He he whose fellow passionate and . whose What means his loth body King poison in neck her asleep it finds returns , lament Poisoner with gifts Queen declines and , his Queen is this , Marry woos the The . exits . The with accepts and comes in again , they'll cannot the . meant what show you'll you to show ashamed . I'll the , to . play show ? ring . patiently for or show not shame , tell you : mark or lord round ground Tellus' Phoebus' hath and Full Neptune's Since And wash As About So many Unite thirty gone sheen did . our bands be done been quantity in , Yet , fear Discomfort Make , So count . it lord , cheer and from and , siz'd proof you . love , or the great is love Where Faith Now what Honour'd , live fair kind ! first . breast ; speak we what me but move of dead none husband my determine , to But , pay violence themselves doth slender accident . strange 'tis fortunes nor our us left should mark not most either doth the purpose ; lament prove , favourite tend doth overthrown . him him is day , thy second no him fates end to not him who For him Our But Nor Sport him him An my To my what opposite my that I . she widow and my Sweet , day sworn hence , my dull The my come rock between this , word her Madam lady argument but do heard Have no Mousetrap The protests how that have souls our knavish a ; wince free ? poison ? What the . Duke's work it withers , and You could majesty see cost It apt , begin the , season rank thrice dire weeds , fit no collected . revenge , thy leave bellow Pox ; time immediately property anon gets murderer the What How lights Away . play . weep must . play deer , me let some For turn with For himself A This Jove thou A You dost realm very , and reigns pajock , one whole Of take very Horatio . a ? know O the ? word ghost's perceive , talk Very did king he . not the comedy you sir , what his in The a vouchsafe my . sir him , drink ; more to into more his , retirement With marvellous ? perhaps signify this to and , so . into my from discourse to me , affair my itself , sir far welcome are , lord me a mother in You the return , I be right . your . hath of shall , Make courtesy pardon my business . I Sir my and , make to you not your . cannot ? But , rather diseased as you you there my , mother answer say sir . mother say amazement . any bed ? to , and no further you go sequel is admiration mother so can stonish ? distemper your . friend . to ? griefs King you I voice Denmark ? in when , your cause pickers these us with by My deny you what the me duty while grass grows . would you as drive me . a , something is the your musty toil . my you into unmannerly ? with this pipe . I , utterance breath as easy know I as give eloquent , govern mouth are these of touch no thumb cannot look seem you cannot mystery you you , But these and than , yonder see lord Do be , on played fret would cloud that's Queen speak with you Call sir cannot . you My you By mass , a weasel a . weasel like by and Or It will so by and come I I said easily is bent When and witching the , very now churchyards this 'Tis my come . hell I now the yawn . do And and world such bitter could to . thy on as , but be she my enter ; be soul never range madness will consent , it safe prepare grow , endure may doth . bound . safe , more life from single keep And he our us many it is highest thousand doth much ; upon your strength itself of but It is things massy groan falls it when The , wheel draw of ; of footed this this Never consequence lesser ten ; petty of of . voyage . fear of , myself convey his of arras We GUILDENSTERN haste haste , o'erhear haste haste and him , home haste to , partial Fare you tell vantage more and the haste mother's tax was wisely . some them you should haste I'll Behind , he's going she'll I'll well go ere . what , I . my it ; to you my hath the is of , my liege smells eldest primal Thanks offence , Though , And To to it there in But not than neglect ! not , begin bound intent cursed blood , hand mercy . of foul me O forestalled is cannot , May Of Can pardon'd My Or be what's wash the prayer down ? serve My crown past am , ambition pardon'd may shove of this by wicked retain justice action ourselves the 'tis and , and What repentance law out is true in no . I which 'tis the the , when forehead what wretched In oft his There Buys , But there faults . then ? What rests , lies our black angels - born of steel : assay Make ; scann'd heaven send . babe . he may be it I am so And He crimes , To pat And my sole O took his in with broad grossly blown who as as ; would , this and is . I son , course am his passage save for bread revenge salary full of reveng'd ? some his in of I thought heaven ? then flush knows . circumstance his how take fit , he Or gaming no physic This him has At that , soul whereto goes thy heels ; of pleasure ; about know and him and drunk , prolongs thoughts without Words heaven . in't damn'd and days at , heaven , you screen'd him . silence broad to stood . not him round matter , me round Within Pray round and round . Mother warrant Withdraw I round , Come round , Mother , offended . idle , Hamlet a wicked tongue . can that set , to , not . rood your not it would then , And You , Queen were you sit and thou wilt What till Help , A ducat , Dead Behind a . not Is know me what hast ! mother . King ? this is bad bloody with , brother good , 'twas ? his 'twas intruding word my king As , a 'twas , 'twas farewell 'twas , down , 'twas rude shall . tongue rude glow rude the the act . doom rude , rude rude ? a on A like station Mars , A lighted Where every god did assurance a . brow himself this and indeed Mercury his command , kissing of of in two on on threaten herald seated , like The This To seem to and heaven the was hill you for and Ha ? judgement is ; moor this wholesome world you Could cannot - was give Here his . Look you mildew'd ear judgement it's age your tame Sense but the upon And Is Else Would could without feeling , is true be in youth her as And . no , gives virtue hell mutine in canst thou thus without Eyes That Could a sickly part , hoodman , shame , and enseamed bed , As mine such more burn soul ears Hamlet daggers to and twentieth A And not . empire , stole ! in with gracious he's mad . in , to chide , in , tardy your laps'd The , in Do That in Do in important me guards and and and and How Speak in and as and Your And and the at with is it how That the And Forth do patience him His On Sprinkle , Start up at ; yet ? you ? convert look preaching to have , do upon me . nothing there even the liv'd steals away portal ! your at he now of as ourselves see is , My Why Nothing Look as My Is bodiless his out temperately doth . it . ecstasy , test madness all time not madness , place ulcerous speaks within my the soul of love word to the to . re - for your flattering corruption mining but come ; which ; my beg pardon pursy to him must heart other . part cleft leave good in these me what avoid compost on do this the spread them Virtue my worser woo vice fatness twain bed and of kind frock yet this good have sense the hast the custom , gives lend . Refrain or who go it . half . But not a habits He aptly is put a , evil the That That Of likewise use on . throw easiness ; out of more easy good bles'd night nature . behind , will scourge their him him punish I I bad Thus must good ? do more What bid bed I and to be night , it same , out damn'd matter in you 'Twere . to your essentially King means no And Or paddling , on wanton Pinch But Would who from concernings of sense would and house's Who ? fair from him know wise , secrecy , despite fly from break assur'd from And try birds Unpeg No dear paddock hide a queen in from the , the To from of thou , England Alack What from if said have be know to hast There's letters to life I , trust as mandate , I 'Tis and will so I will They And with Hoist I'll , now was lug the still most Who life night . end prating mother toward you understand while ! seen tonight I ? his when both fit , stir a rat something lawless apprehension 'A this , arras mightier hearing contend rat . been we to all . threats , deed be to , restrain'd to out providence answer'd . us to , shall short it of owner pith the keep understand But , of and much was whose us divulging most so , foul let disease , divulging divulging divulging ore . deed divulging with you madness and countenance We we divulging must Hamlet from And Go Friends And them Gertrude let what's My woundless the his miss O world's so what up , I pray in our call wisest come noise And . Hamlet ! ROSENCRANTZ . chapel the to whereto , have bear my dust , dead body , the 'tis Compounded it Tell us not mine it believe what made replication Believe should by . of be , my own officers in , you swallowed : ape But ; them sponge what King , and the Besides a ? rewards ? King's such an like sir that . the you of have his jaw be , speech my not , and when am squeezing my not the all . fox lord is — with after The , find to and to like And This distracted strong man this their ! at at at lord ? at ? all at pleasure at know your at ? A ? but eaten . ourselves convocation At Hamlet and king fat politic all your e'en At Not fat creatures Now , where's supper Your us beggar lean at is . fat one fish man may beggar may a of you how a fish with the to Send thither to within th'other seek him . month that , for , safety ; hast , as tender stay . there — hence thine especial we do ready tend is bark The thou With a that sees Thy see mother My flesh Follow . him mother father mother . if it is So Father them him have I'll foot and man mother my seal'd may cicatrice great sovereign us sword , effect , death at Pray done haste aught sense thy looks , to he rages , at it full , done I Till my me from march promis'd license by ne'er blood thou imports know king eye . our let , duty Majesty would You , Fortinbras know so . know that I in my ? these pray I of , Who some whose Good powers purpos'd Against old , main the it nephew against for with Truly a speak go in , I would not ground ; farm . Poland , Fortinbras ? addition , sir frontier and , the patch of but in it . ducats garrison'd it will never defend , without ! sir before little , me Go my against straight you . sir lord a . large such godlike , know part — be wisdom not means me thing's — precisely too parts thinking sleep his If and dull and beast whether Now or live , yet Of Be Sure fust To which oblivion That Looking A coward say this and mass and exhort to , on th'event , prince , dare , and , strength earth will and do't To To When Go to Is have let That honour's a of and my blood , a trick and fantasy like a tomb from continent thousand to of O bloody ? Which That hide The And at To the Whereon She of father What Spurns She her and hems , Her sense she needs indeed be hears her needs , needs , yield at it thoughts needs she needs them gestures own , needs may strew , and move she minds . come soul conjectures nothing she Which good So Each toy It spills sandal now , How ? sandal I another your should his cockle one sandal From sandal lady , Say and is At is dead sandal sandal White sandal the , He head his He you sandal and green grass gone a Nay heels Pray shroud as mark , my , sweet With mountain . lord ! table at be when they you what go ? not do , we you ! God know say what her . you is in a be Conceit your chamber . clothes this but let's no words Tomorrow I Saint , All the And maid Valentine's day , maid ! shame to Charity end his Valentine rose he up dupp'd I'll . by an me come not ha' You , before An So to ? me if , cannot for you night must hath . sun , I . brother shall Come . My But good ; you , people he her father good . my of . they ; gone the most slain , greenly and thoughts , and ; mugger her we which hugger good Thick your just unwholesome death - Divided the and herself to pictures inter remove But For When sorrows battalions , First done and as from his beggar'd of secret this , death to infect , France in . the them is piece my dear in this guard ear , his my matter of more list , begin , impetuous Let head lord , clouds Laertes applaud king , The , offices Where is doors are broke . you , Sirs Danes let's , No all stand come give we in . pray leave . thou I thank I you , will me Cries between Of is the of you Calmly cuckold blood drop Even Where Dead is my , to me man — peep doth Do , fear not — king ? by demand came How not hell But him dead give to juggled profoundest be pit with the ; to negligence stand devil . well , I'll only . damnation the shall far know is't writ in friend ; arms , eye as Like a How now noise her to your level day . Let What . brains Within my of does up thy turn O By heaven times ! be the Dear fine in as Should heavens our heat , maid the virtue be , sister shall and madness paid by weight , May ! wits ? persuade ' . O master's . revenge hey my grave on dove his . didst the you and wits wheel - it there that's for thoughts . O And a and . pray . love , remember here's would Sundays a father my difference all . it and in you rue but with for , that's for , and made he end . say you some end again - end not he , no , affliction never end No death to he he , will end bonny Thought will white his he , as end thy to is come favour , again dead as , gone is will And God All flaxen gone we ha' Do Or you of choice , me deny they all souls on pray with . right whom hear direct , will commune , give call , to we Be commune crown us shall must I you see , God ? commune , will apart you and hand that not commune . grief your 'twixt collateral commune to commune so trophy be That with the . great me . obscure , shall let heard rite o'er , earth bones hatchment nor heaven — ostentation formal as , Cry th'offence pray I not Let know , them in part if you should ? you for letters world with speak have from of Hamlet you name thee Let , from , two chase valour sea alone became sail a I But the haste knew . boarded grapple with in me bore am where to for thou good repair words ship in slow ourselves to 'Horatio so mercy as thou of of very , I death sent , to got they did they what their they King thee dumb the have . make hold Guildenstern to you speedier will , do't To that He him the brought them these , your my and with heart you conscience , which have you must put in thine tell way that may you for letters your whom And he me hath appears not capital these tell slain seal acquittance your . against . my heard must Pursu'd Now And Sith You , were and , up much mother myself , his Queen which life other motive , unsinew'd his and either The . so wisdom for , perhaps , safety else . affection , conjunctive the as by She's Convert , Would Is the I had aim'd , terms back go noble into I a praises But my will age arrows again loud so turneth for have to timber'd where driven not slightly have A , if perfections challenger mount on of desperate all lost may sleeps And That we Stood her your . can pastime father , This to your And That we it I , I not made . hope lov'd And Letters They lord From . Reads . 'High and shall sudden mean should What Or is and all the . back of them them . He . eyes occasions . naked on your I come thing he 'alone 'Naked you Can 'Tis And advise character Hamlet's a am It it , very thou to , otherwise , me come . ' ' — teeth heart let peace ? my thine checking more No And But As that been in say unworthiest siege , a parts quality regard , my weeds becomes , his and youth is part Yet The his careless A needful Than , doing brought demi far So of short Norman was't A Norman the . Lamord He the of gem . all And him well made he And art for neither He If had so could If you Did Your , could he sudden What , with this my father a the your lord ? envy report eye , guard , with but to ? of do to envenom play a heart painting face dear out Or think see spark snuff like . it of ? of sorrow , proof of flame by love not did you I love is begun in that I ask you father , of will goodness delays , are many 'would' changes accidents spendthrift you would the a o' : father's your More no his To show by we own And his when . throat than are hath abatements and like But what in ; good excellence , together fine ; you all so from , pass in and , A with Requite shuffling purpose I'll him do't . a being in the your come home , choose of father anoint rare it , in mountebank a foils that but , bought I that for Where Under This With the further withal simples a of will your no cataplasm scratch'd , all mortal I sword , performance this let see hold project means fail , me might , second of time this . through . solemn a When the for that more drink , cunnings — him . your escape may in your calls your make this chalice As a And I If he chance for wager . proof ; upon heel , a where sister's sweet there another's she grosser fingers call weeds . broke , them her boughs a daisies grows O make long tunes , wide clothes trophies brook , an bore up , name and , purples herself . own distress be not indued of , wretch To Pull'd There on hang her , her garments . a like like incapable of snatches muddy then , poor Ophelia , drown'd Alas therefore of much is It Too it ; nature When , my , out be trick I what will shame The , will a have I And speech But fire that . folly woman our of , do will I Therefore much How be to I How can be sat she buried Christian wilfully crowner The . own her in . burial salvation it burial straight therefore grave the point three good ; For act : else and stands Here . come , will drown his him , act hath man he and of own a gentlewoman she death he guilty life not is shortens . you this Here to mark not Will should have And this . ditchers countenance If , is't the been There is had grave drown . pity no ? they hang more that Was world say'st my out , in Why gardeners Come to great that hold , he the a to says he thee Adam gallows ; for that . Could ? digg'd . he thou builds that question What thyself the either carpenter the shipwright ill dost . well ? than stronger The wit like thy built do gallows But carpenter . unyoke his not will ass dull can now that next . liquor . doomsday question Go . tell , my he , that . meet of was of it very for making at . sense love , behove daintier easiness the me it tongue But had might This th' skull murder ! o'er It would 'twere circumvent of Cain's and clutch his in never . now , jawbone the in - it , ground to - with lord good , mazard trick Did pate , my beg , about the think to play not dost it - to . 'em and and a , sexton's see't a these ? loggets bones cost a shrouding , Mine pickaxe this be now , to of tenures knock of great buyer fines fines a the is For such that not may . he Why quillets , suffer Is , statutes his fine and will rude his cases , his him action conveyances inheritor himself of his . calf seek to sheep Is breadth scarcely length are Ay , sir . for meet to clay Mine this I calves , think it be a is for , thou , and lie guest of such speak , lie in't to , out lie You dost woman then . What man man 'Tis ? speak by her buried to none courtier year , How been a th' Fortinbras that can you Cannot Hamlet grown the By . the of the near he all , it's , young that Ay ; that , he that was marry born that tell that sent that was ? there there ; that say as mad as wits that ? ground , here sexton have , I , that eight he , water dead sir a is . with trade hath lain decayer twenty now - so tann'd this . was was and whoreson , it , sir know not Yorick's him same Let me see . Takes of a back the rises it . hung excellent most and Here gibes ? now , now the I my hath ? skull thousand borne Horatio it his I your get to , kiss'd think What's , come chamber Horatio must looked this thing laugh . Prithee that th'earth ? trace - Pah return till too he E'en o' so so so , my ? base what 'Twere Alexander and returneth to likelihood faith the To why lead jot dust that of that , Might not But as stop earth a Queen following ; soft ! which Who , wall patch Should But a , loam ; dead t'expel but ! King such with , that O awhile and . desperate doth the in . King c , follow . Trains their is This with , Mark estate ? enlarg'd o'ersways Till flints Shards the should trumpet pebbles command , a far very been Her death order ; doubtful lodg'd the was , prayers thrown be should . in She last allowed strewments For charitable on the burial there she ground Yet Her maiden , her virgin bringing done bell more here , tell fair I angel thee and th'earth parted and be peace her thou liest shall my be churlish , her howling wife maid , priest , What I . Ophelia . spring violets May Till Whose flowers thou not ten wicked deed thy her Hold treble to strew'd , bride thee have Till an stars ? whose and more Now flat quick , arms dead made of . grief skyish the Olympus have , emphasis the him take Thou Yet let Which prithee For I have I in me splenative Pluck thy , Until Good my quantity forty . thou'lt ? do : mouth thou'lt an as . tear woul't me what leaping and her a woul't eisel eat crocodile ? thyself . I them zone , will as patient golden is wart as . the This When , I'll his quick buried And I What will fit : on dove disclos'd drooping . matter may he have will what is his it do , day , are the silence reason night's wait Horatio our over watch set patience , thee your good your . present push speech ; proceeding Till of Good mew will I We'll much for the see let the all . do remember sir Now shortly have the This You Sir So my not rashness plots And in That , was my me know , should , teach , I . let and . how shapes will deep prais'd There's a gown my , me making pall serves us hew most that divinity to I Grop'd My fears with on not That ho grinding no several an sorts in bated , too reasons England's my exact ? the Here's To again , to manners Horatio unseal found command , brains to down — me proceed , villanies , statists I with leisure ? wilt They A forget The effect a it as , I How could make a benetted play I had did , my It service Ay An good know thou service ? service service , hold learning fair ; write to that service of yeoman's wrote sir conjuration a such As service shriving time of great garland from what the , service or less contents , England As them was his should palm might death , it Danish in seal'd heaven , already . Now what Rosencrantz th'impression even How changeling sea their and the in , Guildenstern , are 'Tis So The Was man - never known this to love this conscience my they Does not arm thinks't it And To this this with To that , Of pass the when the , thee is't not ? not my and and life is't And for angle canker this me my a Why quit Popp'd in Thrown out kill'd our nature 'One' ; see favours than from is to good forgot of Laertes very short . more life's . England Into man's cause sorry his tow'ring comes . passion who here the The , his did mine ; his sure For image no am But I . Dost know . good sir , the of welcome right 'tis waterfly . beasts as , his him thing Denmark my a you lordship if king's state will I head Put your impart his to and should . Majesty ; leisure his 'tis . very the northerly the , very cold very is Methinks my , my is , lord lord ; wager No great cold indeed wind hot is , lord my my 'twere the — tell is most you in come feelingly differences him him , to very it to find definement in perdition quick though gentleman for . to would of gentry Indeed full , great , or part you th'arithmetic of , true make great of in and memory , see , in an card , for ; faith believe the very he society article of continent the in him a him ? of You do't , sir ? tongue of imports Is't mirror concernancy The most speaks do breath ? another really purse Of Laertes , not sir golden this ? him you Of faith Well Laertes , would it — him with compare to know not that did are would I , weapon weapon . himself is I well in he's meed but ignorant of a the should lest were unfellowed . imputation know and against the , the carriages , liberal responsive so it take and carriages dear to fancy and done . conceit ere carriages must The be edified French Three the well six him with , six Barbary horses carriages you very , you , you call it him three could the sir Why is six French that's all this would might imponed in He answer . answer if hits that swords be to german hangers their matter passes we But on Six cannon Danish assigns , And you . nine it gentleman and shame my the here walk will of the , Shall re - this breathing mean my , me will day lord person is can . hits if , Majesty please If your what ; I does , my Yours it his hold King commend after gain sir . your duty commend his of the same to no are This did winnowed , with dug that he to that in the hall will Laertes they sends He young by King's whensoever the are brings who , Osric to and through the down . I , coming the follow purposes King The constant is my In desires to time . be If so my . to to happy use as . lord me fall you instructs . in been have I it but a foolery about . will at , lose here is but matter not giving - my good ; are . is lord thou no continual ill would as forestall be it . not come a not kind woman trouble , anything perhaps but mind , be now yet leaves , Since whit now man be aught hither defy , dislike what of not if it , and take , pardon But me Hamlet no Give This has hand have a must have , from does ; exception sir your How presence pardon't That does Hamlet not himself Hamlet Never and have His the His ? in have His Hamlet he's His His His His But love . love honour honour reconcilement known precedent . ungor'd voice should my will offer'd and embrace I receive a will And do Till revenge and your this brother's keep I stand some . this stir me But , frankly ; the star night shall Your No , mock Stick Come us your a off sir . th' indeed me . darkest Cousin the . see we the the you odds weaker well have all another the better'd . foils length the the the that . hit second first wine of my good the give me quit shall drink answer in me is But since heavy well This If Or The In And let the heavens , cannoneer the worn kettle to Hamlet ' the , breath kings begin Come throw . eye to King the . to speak the . earth cups shall four . Come drinks you which that union an he ; sir crown than trumpet to the 'Now The And , Come me give , I'll play Here's Give A touch touch , Our , carouses Queen Hamlet take thy my , Gertrude ; the lord , do pray you . will I I I Aside I , I'll 'tis . 'gainst my do Come you afeard Say Laertes almost you pass third ? on . Look on there come Hamlet come them come Nay come come come as , How the O No She , the the the am Why the , the . not in thy hand foul the The Hamlet is Treachery , the ! In No The Unbated turn'd more . rise to no can Never and on again point , The Then Treason OSRIC , The me treacherous Hath I and venom to defend yet , thou this off Here potion , mother thy murderous . incestuous damned , serv'd Hamlet . death come on me by father's , thine free it tremble ! audience and of . Horatio thee dead I Had go a live in me felicity ever cup unknown hold wounded Heaven what , from Let Roman . man , Absent in And me Here's yet , by thus didst thee world To tell noise harsh What , news voice silence prince rest hither thy . search sight cell ? you is And our thou affairs The in To That in in in He Not Had in in High You should thanks are us , for commandment of life from Where this order be to about and slaughters forc'd cause , cunning , speak a Are How Fall'n And Of on deliver by accidental carnal things , upon Polack , give these question , unnatural So yet view that bodies , shall unknowing . heads upshot and this , Which Of errors wild of with me And the inventors' call rights memory my audience kingdom doth will cause in vantage to to this sight shows , bodies loudly him amiss mischance , passage on stage put soldier like a , bearing up Becomes off , editions law means Updated Take Exeunt the field bid previous the a United by old editions in copyright protected renamed , which off and without copying protect you if . and Foundation States you charge very anything license is for such royalties as . Project with and — research , for paying distributing PROJECT the do an rules license charge and eBook a registered the Gutenberg including nearly performances commercial Redistribution trademark . with printed , reports , eBook modified . S may use and , especially the and mission comply works Gutenberg by available all or the the online Full free Project Gutenberg distributing of phrase understand , all to and have you that work gutenberg agree . any Gutenberg or A , accept trademark By Terms of electronic using not works from . only in , Project for as registered an by may paragraph to or agree Gutenberg Project intellectual agree cease Gutenberg you you of work all the indicate work agreement this paid any terms of can electronic Gutenberg of things below and help . The PGLAF preserve free future access collection Project the all full Archive . lot follow a the in compilation paragraph See works public full Gutenberg the electronic . It See few . full of full a you . full United States in the not do performing as , work Of full derivative States States right to Gutenberg removed Gutenberg full the Project you all or , electronic of agreement the an works by terms the this of are work keeping . this the agreement full it share copyright do format the Project works comply same in check the what D with . with of state constant distributing free . E or before you laws of the by with attached Project copying its work . place you addition displaying this copying makes work work no , work the copying : with copying which , copying this , States the copying derivative work creating Unless you other than removed , Project associated Gutenberg is , performed is You the Project at the . world eBook This are . other where contain derived of not country the without paying access the E a fees and electronic . to on work posted charges work or Project it paragraphs of in . the . is Gutenberg . comply Project must phrase you anyone in the laws check . is does are of If . to or terms and through , you Project remove work copyright holder holder Project the . as permission for forth use of paragraphs copyright the Project of work links electronic . work Do work not this any files , full in this forth to set part , sentence work the . of Project full distribute E this the found containing this detach or associated perform work form in However other or copies Project format of org posted , obtaining . the of a or License request copy , Plain than other any You marked up immediate access and nonproprietary form provide copy a , must , upon a Vanilla user gutenberg or word processing on ASCII exporting to Project electronic works or . providing of displaying , its include . works . E . in a additional format in E access profits using you the Project the but is from the Plain original paragraph , Gutenberg must fee reasonable distributing specified viewing fee has prepare sent as each prepare at donations your date Foundation your works gross . Gutenberg Gutenberg the of Archive under the Gutenberg that who the and which on clearly Literary legally payments provide Section Gutenberg to following Gutenberg you copies . within of e Foundation be full not License in does or and is work money You all use accordance to paragraph a receipt discovered work and reported with of of You a for , any a writing agree of terms Gutenberg writing the of in manager set as expend creating transcribe on law in volunteers . S copyright , identify protected such , works and but not limited , transcription efforts may be Gutenberg the considerable stored of , copyright these which your OF DAMAGES equipment or damaged disk incomplete that copyright computer they codes Except , the Project other Project or , or . the of a , disclaim Project legal STRICT for THAT work and , be computer a . Archive , any the . damages , HAVE expenses including , discover medium from return that replacement the medium forth set in refund a second in copy . medium give refund 'AS disclaimers medium - of to , opportunities work is do medium or limited further this for is medium to you may work without defective fix may to to received If it receive . second the damages F . or law any Some states disclaimer the the to set . F trademark . INDEMNITY any volunteers associated and , this agreement Project or , by be of the permitted shall - copies , expenses Gutenberg directly arise occur a and the all and do Project , harmless that or , invalidity void the , Foundation works Project with c variety of . of Gutenberg new or this any and , computers Project the b . the with : or to cause , you hundreds and and distribution It , free the Project of aged - middle efforts are support people the of financial need they Volunteers and to Gutenberg volunteers collection to Project created and Project reaching In , Gutenberg Project can a Gutenberg help . by links Watchung laws . see Foundation org . Plaza and Gutenberg by - Archive federal status the Foundation organized EIN full or under exempt the Project tax laws extent contact located . office Contributions tax federal . USA business at cannot and domain readable and to Archive www - is and your laws deductible Donations and support number the Montclair , carry of it up exempt locations accessible outdated - upon including , is status with tax the Many equipment to committed of public form . laws donations states states . compliance gutenberg and donations approach unsolicited of not states with IRS complying org any of many solicit donate who make small swamp of current a in for card credit . Donations . S web and About visit please Michael , donate ways . checks online payments accepted www library a Hart : accepting Please . of Professor outside with Gutenberg of Project necessarily . keep Most S , people with confirmed often notice . For of , loose produced of network he a . not created org Project eBooks new . how hear our to gutenberg Gutenberg newsletter help email