Stand ? answer me . live ? carefully Get Nay most . sick thanks relief come thee 'Tis heart . bitter bed . cold them and , For you I And Well meet Stand , make , Marcellus night . this to I rivals them hear . Friends you Dane . hath reliev'd you Barnardo Horatio ! again good appear'd . Marcellus ? there good Give , have says , With sight apparition this . ears our awhile minutes him . speak the seen along twice , down once , tush may He Sit , approve to Tush if again That And assail story . of , heaven myself from that Marcellus of pole . t'illume course Last it now same Where Peace figure art , Looks it not like , Look it the to it where beating one and Thou In like It Together thou that fair and warlike speak ? which me to ? Did See thee ! Stay sometimes speak It it with , 'Tis How What you God , Horatio something think my Before not more You Is gone frown'd Such once the he So As it the sensible I When smote stalk sledded strange jump gone he martial With In But , 'Tis Polacks in Norway He , of my that watch , he tell observant sore day haste , King to Our , sweaty last . me ? that divide impress foreign such And is't inform , night might Does that whisper Who the Why Did forfeit , the To Which Hamlet And His so the our world a by article the of sir the Fortinbras to heraldry moiety , ratified this this Of up food Hath fell Had he to in stomach well appear lost of us those , watch . in't list Norway to which unto diet , some our strong foresaid , no state hand , post - think haste sort I this And , I , is other enterprise lands chief the preparations this of motive our and our take but portentous so main rummage in . wars these figure : watch palmy trouble of so that through Comes The in sick As And heaven earth like preceding our climatures to Have even harbingers the ; and in of fire trains and sun empire with of Neptune's the to gibber and and Roman streets blood ; star , illusion again me ease any sound to privy there hast though thing and . thy ! speak happily be , if Or thou it I'll , But cross soft thou If That which , Speak Shall they Extorted treasure in the uphoarded O it Stay . strike I Do , Stop of For And blows is offer it do And speak to that morn thing trumpet shrill to I like when a have heard throat his in the cock Awake The a lofty ; and at erring or of started summons , air earth - is his it vain , our was fearful sea Th'extravagant and probation cock . herein truth , of season , sounding , celebrated 'gainst the , confine And present god , in spirit the stir , comes ; abroad . hill believe it time part eastward , speak morning know , him , my , mantle clad by have , us ; the look o'er watch , morn yon in dew of what , will fitting I . tonight , my our upon , loves , we Hamlet to it , with . us kingdom . our ourselves think of discretion brow fought marriage , and eye dirge delight we With in Taken Your scale Have wife that , Now With With In affair Holding wisdoms . For which have have , nor with a and auspicious , follows late dole herein freely Fortinbras our dear of , late gone , late thanks brother's frame , late law So . brother and Of ; in , late death late the are made , late here have we this surrender of of dream this not Importing his most His late You bearers Giving business Now for ourself business gait lists further , of this nephew's and his good , For ; In Farewell that now , Laertes We head not be That lose told And Than of the thou have , Laertes ? the mouth ? Laertes , father thy my whence You shall leave To Yet What lord to not , beg , thy native to heart the to willingly favour and your wishes must Your thoughts bend leave me my leave father's that ? to lord my He do Upon beseech Take thy you them , your hath And ; I from last hard Hamlet kin , and my , clouds thy cast am too much Do so for look noble ever know'st Seek not thine Hamlet , it that , the than more lord my nature , madam common , it be Ay Passing like dust common that in thy nighted , not mother solemn of river forc'd , seems If , particular ; black . seems , thee it it is cloak of dejected , haviour customary suits suspiration of indeed the eye , bound , father Hamlet , term father a course persevere , some woe shows , moods play of your , condolement his your mourning lost commendable trappings in nature and obligation must lost filial obsequious In In will a do obstinate stubbornness what A It For As shows impious Take 'This From Is A death of , 'tis our be must most we heart against most , corse so be must . woe bears Wittenberg remain , note , theme us cried still pray immediate school . no which dearest with less for most And of that going It in thy thee pray I not , in courtier the And Do Than Re cannon my to great earthly speaking King's the And ; obey , today of in Denmark No Thaw , resolve too jocund fair Hamlet would and . had not dew whereof grace ; a God , melt into Everlasting fie rank , this ! of this garden , winds of ! flat 'tis not Heaven she and much so should and That ; so ; on't Seem How Or that self me to 'gainst stale , O ! God , uses dead weary Hyperion might not . the earth : this hang thy shoes body wants God Visit Must what A father's brother to the She Had . flushing in her more mine father's is old ! she even with Why poor or fed By Let me not have Than Ere , to glad am forget Horatio lordship for for And for , not nor incestuous to my you do for my friend with that my name , your same change for ; lord you , Wittenberg for for My what I'll Sir or for I make ? Wittenberg you , in even . you Marcellus good . Horatio truant ? no own so violence say my . lord make But am my shall hear my ear my do not To Nor my do it , upon my funeral my the met my Did coldly , my had seen Horatio that dearest my hard fellow mother's tables my methinks — mind's , ever Or a Horatio lord I goodly , he take all all . father ? in , king . was gentlemen may while . my ! King ear witness This God's For let to marvel nights and Marcellus waste Two together with cap figure middle their of your . gentlemen the watch me you these distill'd eyes march , father night This . fear they : pie to watch and father ; thrice - by and truncheon's The In , length ; kept both , the did your like not Did apparition , Where And Form But the it made you lord it like it And And vanish'd would loud ? yet speak . 'Tis I did , very my know morning we And morning morning It up morning as in cock sight morning morning our haste morning true duty down writ you , watch morning this morning Arm'd , Both say lord my ? troubles BARNARDO . you saw lord not foot toe from to . top , he , my What A Then My he wore his red or ? in more , eyes fix'd And I very pale you upon . been had I Nay amaz'd very like haste and . tell might Stay'd constantly While was A have I I I will I it If you I itself I life , I his I ; tonight seen it in silver'd . I noble noble And Upon noble noble noble speak hold , though I tonight noble silence . eleven , no hap shall your All would arms ! noble 'twixt visit . noble , else understanding an requite as farewell . duty , them to embark'd , rise come Farewell . give o'erwhelm that doubt from trifling a toy ? benefit . you , assistant me is sister My as , And it does this ; not primy of of favour nature and the No For wide Grows thews nature bulk no now virtue greatness more . alone his , not he He For withal . Perhaps weigh'd of soil will is himself , unvalu'd of his health as and voice ; must himself for may Carve sanctity the head your in fits is deed May he his weigh your Denmark ; to which of if for be says far particular of loss chaste your As give Than too your what the If Or And the The Fear it beauty is rear , honour is may it my you act so withal it and place no main saying , If she unmask galls their buttons most dew chariest before the And Be to else this good But lesson near , none in Himself O . here not to , comes . my me And the like some heart . way reckless and thorny treads . with few . thought in blessing thy , shame . grace fear father ; There ? for shoulder a is There double smiles second of , the upon There There Yet , with palm unfledg'd but comrade There of their and ; in . purse ear to entrance Of Take There in ; rich gaudy judgement , There thy There : thee entertainment ; tried with , the rank chief itself both loses borrower of censure man that th'opposed , man being may every Give Are most oft apparel all : the my , to friend the nor to be then , as season leave not my take , go thine and select Most time memory shall in lock'd of it the key . yourself . hath touching Hamlet ? to . you and put the so clearly . late you oft bethought very ; most : hath he told me of be so , of understand , free 'tis been — as yourself caution way do behoves my ? Of You his my ta'en teach I'll not have , a pay poor for the tender yourself wind you'll , you not , are Which do Affection you ! Unsifted believe you , fashion , more dearly . think my . do the soul , daughter in extinct blazes prodigal , both this heaven to it holy vows , lord making , your time know speech . Ophelia walk ; brokers he Lord Hamlet ; presence a of as heat vows promise something command may much in him that at parley you a . For , your to entreatments You Not not better Have give to't Look , The to words you or you , obey I terms plain dye his given mere believe Than Do Breathing sanctified slander and . of their which But would in lacks . now an is walk wont then the near . season hour struck my and twelve . of is it No The it kettle drains mean reels bray , here and of the is't though , though it our in chances and our us More to honour'd traduc'd addition achievements oft birth their in As That vicious nature some cannot of not takes west custom native than with at in and his complexion too much , them defect star as one reason some o'ergrowth choose are , guilty , of o'erleavens , men undergo may Fortune's of . own comes doubt evil dram as livery , say infinite man fault noble , as corruption , us thee , damn'd health grace defend of of such thee thy canoniz'd royal father , I with Angels and ministers my lord charitable Hamlet hell , sepulchre in but tell do fools of our we ? our shake Wherefore ? disposition complete may , to the beyond ! bones in ignorance , souls should What , moon and glimpses of the What to To you But to No go go with go do courteous action go go . fee pin's go . lord ? follow it go . go a it I'll ; the be , Being That And Which if And It for do What me a soul my I Why might you some base desperation it , reason sea , every . sea . to , many waves , not Hold go hands , You ; shall And as petty cries your lord . And hears it . off My each I makes make Go — Unhand in , him ? gentlemen imagination obey state direct . this will issue the will let's follow him . with . of Whither sulph'rous . I'll come myself poor lend . me I hour ! am me I is tormenting and not To Speak thy . unfold . hear night I days of young blood house prison But done could I the the eyes start freeze to . my walk father's term unfold stars list O , word , end . must List dear most murder unnatural his Murder To Thy eternal not list , blazon the upon didst father blood this , God as that thoughts revenge . of ; be thou , Hamlet , swift best in , most duller not And May I in that by Now Rankly Wouldst shouldst out whole , crown my Mine O wears did know so the on in ear orchard Now . forged a sleeping this ; my abus'd ; that serpent The So O Ay , his prophetic , to - have , won whose hand wretch to it That O , To those lust sate itself to in as , her went me Hamlet The , With to will , what , my of wicked , of My juice always scent . soft custom But With Upon leperous cursed of the of I on garbage celestial angel shape gifts were , did whose my hour secure as alleys it doth body vial ears it eager , like sudden , uncle within . posset milk it crust mine man through the and So vile tetter . blood with my hebenon pour ; my once brother's of queen a , even All The And And wholesome - a most lazar off Cut Of thin Most Thus was life , If No horrible for thou leave let her thee Fare in mind thy But A couch the royal and shows worm adieu host couple heaven ! What , old , thee ? Remember not grow up poor me sinews globe . O ! ghost , I'll In thou But And all Ay , memory a and commandment and youth thy Within All wipe away table . holds thee my records ? heart Hold while live memory observation . pernicious O , smile set baser , Meet villain smile may with And all trivial , all is HORATIO sworn't . sure there adieu are be so in Denmark , shall of by villain may is it and it and , damned it . remember Now to word ! villain I you am , 'Adieu lord and have I . Lord . lord . come Come , lord my ? ho ho ! boy , my lord . him secure . How Within ho bird . lord my , of secret it all . man think grave lord . Denmark MARCELLUS knave . this are without it so that You To an he's But , i' as is business fit Why needs no we and more shake hands desire and right desire business and I'll my , heartily Yes , this , too Saint . offence but that me , Horatio pray go words you my , us , one , know Touching there ; you , soldiers let , scholars now what is vision and seen lord HORATIO lord . tonight . known What As you my , we swear't not . in , Nay but will not sword stage . Swear . already . sword boy , Cries Indeed ha sworn , under my indeed , thou the . have . seen sword shift , gentlemen , hands . And Hic speak lay mole ! a , wondrous welcome never your philosophy so I myself and give i' so , strange earth . help , therefore And There Than , perchance an of or of 'If That , Or With you , put As at such times , giving Swear need this , be never . do to and if doubtful 'We me seeing antic disposition or me your . spirit . man as commend a poor love what t'express to Let fingers not lack of . O I joint on love . friending us lips . it to , together . spite cursed together And my , I shall come money these this I , my lord marvellous Give him and do Before me first very , lord shall You I . Look it , where are and My well Marry And how inquiry did intend encompassment this By And , they , That do know who and What , may you so I but , But gaming mean , him please ' mean ' well very ; put very ; mean liberty most , heed none of and wild my mean lord drinking , mean may go swearing dishonour that , mean are , forgeries so if't be and such drabbing the mean mean , wanton To or lord My mean That's , Faith must not That A good — drift fetch here's would do lord this should in I little is it a You , laying I Marry sullies my warrant , know that , th' you you him be prenominate , converse , lord , a sir these seen you of soil'd i' , slight , the this in of the you in 'friend consequence guilty in lord does I say to , about , the in was does By the then saw , or there such in's , as rouse , gentleman day perchance — sale' ; truth reach now , you . wisdom of indirections by do or such at gaming with yesterday tennis' consequence' ay and say , tennis' of of of . not ? tennis' , tennis' tennis' See , tennis' of house a and forth so tennis' with find You So and have , tennis' you lord yourself shall my My let him ply his the . my music . matter so what's of ? my his , doublet , unbrac'd foul'd ankle each in out other all knees his hat As To but truly do I if , his - shirt he look down with for by length hand wrist and held o'er of took all thus said been , Mad He And Then his the other to , thrice falls to did rais'd As draw would with he last He He That seem to so piteous sigh head a it . thus — little waving he and and lets turn'd , go , me help up shaking Long , eyes , he , his bulk King love desperate any will violent And And last his . the is This oft does have No , good am had And I with wreck it That as seems quoted thee . him to To must This To not which grief , to long you to than is it be we sending we Guildenstern did much Welcome dear hasty Since need have . that than , To so dream , court , put , man be living you . not will adheres , am I sure That much little time to lies If men show to the For supply and us shall your Your visitation fits king's , Whether And Good As To Might , Both receive of , hope remembrance , Thanks , Thanks Guildenstern gentle instantly . Guildenstern bent gentle and son changed I And presence Norway helpful presence our presence amen Ay from . to make too much presence and presence Thou the , presence still presence Th'ambassadors presence , good liege mine brain my good presence and or of my this I . I lunacy : else of sure , I Assure father of as , hold to the trail my Hunts As grace , them to do that to to that and hath distemper . all of doubt me He My head tells , Well , what from good him . in them no and found o'erhasty greetings desires Polack the which he , levies look'd nephew's into against better be out and our friends , Voltemand fair Most Say sent of first our It falsely That Welcome my to hand sends out obeys ! arrests ; appear'd suppress brother , So Gives vow commission entreaty pass fine , soldiers Polack , those further well , of from uncle his arms , overcome employ to please regards are set down give Through And think upon night our at , for your likes safety this more you thank we Meantime is day liege Go your rest , Most This majesty nothing day Were My tediousness since but Therefore will What is't to brief it but . limbs brevity ; let that be matter I nothing to More I But to at 'tis . of of . cause , effect this And will , But Who have I her me it given duty . soul's remainder obedience comes by and mark is thus , mine , beautified a — is the , 'beautified' ; her from stay , madam awhile the thou phrase Came ill but am best whilst numbers lady my be these , I doubt above in out obedience And fell time and to is most , believe art liar a are be , have not , show'd hath dear most by All how they , Thine I love thee . this , me solicitings means ear receiv'd daughter , to As a man his . faithful hath But of dear my given might If fain As Or Or my perceiv'd I I had this I , you might you think that wing must hot love , told heart That , What Before , my this mute , round did I thus , upon is . lock — thence my , weakness , he into a . this ? declension for this raves , now and , herself out of thy star fast a tale of , she took should she a Thence Thence And he Fell into a watch all , And very wail know ' otherwise have positively that I I'd indeed ? that . we from circumstances is If lead will I , this be hid ? further hours find , though hid such At the from no a it try assistant a . state for thereon love my daughter indeed time Be Mark But me be encounter behind . keep his not be But We And Let How board look Well Excellent would Hamlet . picked my sir be honest maggots be . fishmonger lord my man ? a a . good kissing , thousand ten this very the you have th' may sun that by not me truly first you say sun That's dog being a Friend . I — suffered was said conceive I her How not gone . And I'll to youth . look harping ; lord far very have that their have wrinkled slave , sir ? my , do lord you read the matter are that it you walk you potently most believe yourself Slanders , beards , which old , of out happiness contrive is that prosperously Will out my madness between take willingly you part life my my me from o' the , You cannot sanity suddenly My life air A so , You . daughter and I , that old you take , honourable These Fare withal except well my you . Lord ; sir ? both not . in Nor Fortune's Happy the excellent good Good not over do thou , dost dear , ye How lads Guildenstern ? Ah . shoe of indifferent are lord waist her lord , Then None my . near secret Then about ? Prison Fortune What doomsday a the Denmark's , my good sends are , confines there o' world . your you my she friends prison . not so is it ; wards many being one Then . worst To for , one ; your , then thinking could space Why , 'tis goodly then indeed is merely the ambition not ; it , were makes none you so I . ambition I but shadow airy a . very have 'tis for narrow nutshell ; be A . Shall and GUILDENSTERN upon Truly dreams Then beggars' will We'll ROSENCRANTZ and our and heroes it for and ? my and of rest you of and beaten , even the you visit am poor and my am and own To , my and what most with , inclining too and , it justly are you , a ; in Is , we the . me confession , I in like an thanks make dear ? it come , but . free thank you . And visitation you is ? and sent ; sent our by even love , Guildenstern of , whether a the better me ? If . discovery , prevent no know to ever be then I you . o'erhanging sterile brave promontory why this custom have all feather were we so King indeed majestical of piece other no What angel firmament excellent this a , faculties in in work is dust of the an thing me roof the , goodly in quintessence . appears most of late and , exercises this did Why think , players the like that shall not me of the lady plays ; the for't shall hither the shall receive lord then laugh you from you We coming be shall the delight players ? are players What take such shall players ; target peace his — players his verse tragedians the sere or players in , lungs those make players ? profit their same it players No hold I you were they players chances the think inhibition was players comes better the did when the late was not are little tyrannically now grow ? cry These of afraid are goose stages the - endeavour their are and it in clapped , comes indeed , Do are them scarce Will they come quills dare call out . that quills they sing they — do ? sides quills was on maintains quills quills for't common quills Who 'em they — should means exclaim quills no so better quills ? and to quills common players writers the . possible of throwing . boys the there Do been has Hercules it about went a the money and ; and There player question controversy ? to the brains Denmark , King away my while this , are and fashion welcome garb my to the Elsinore - father But of Gentlemen appurtenance , more to There more outward , are than in something the appear aunt ceremony players . come Your yours are , you than is lord with , In west , handsaw a what north you gentlemen . hawk be Well see , and time tell of the . they . Guildenstern the Happily will right for to child for to My yet out hearer say You it indeed 'twas morning have sir : Monday news hither tell he baby you them Mark . you in buzz , Then , news I Buzz , pastoral - historical , heavy ass history , scene nor These for . thou men , the poem , either of judge liberty - be , my ' or ! that I love daughter a old , Still right have I . lord What It of masters , pious chanson will comes friend old welcome my then you pass I Denmark more look For . than , What ? to the . am . since young my well of at . see , voice a or taste , you like I me your of . gold , speech speech , Come lord , the I remember it , What We'll thee speech once cracked is ladyship Come a . French fly within like passionate . in , an . chiefly by and especially begin he very , said cried was the play But there were more , much where were to a general once digested I were cunning , such were affectation matter , caviare whose were no were nor the were . well of savoury were this not Pyrrhus lay dread , the it see , fine to dismal is now his as he it more , he a parching it fire and it , see me it — it sons , streets coagulate it tyrannous with mothers and a , the damned it . Head complexion ominous horse black gules the horridly and gore , and with proceed grandsire So finds him good . accent Unequal lies His spoken carbuncles like , well he at , with hellish seeks you Priam where strikes wide , antique falls . sword match'd . in short too Striking . Stoops prisoner as . Priam Which . Of And But a as his ear , base Pyrrhus' a painted declining . For to the on we , heavens i' like often , dreadful rack the in as region the for Cyclops' after the the . anon and new fall , thunder sword hammers did less , thou Now take . you gods , on wheel , away the the he . of with . of her heaven ; power . say Prithee — beard come tale This , a ; on to barber's or shall He's the is jig With Where late bisson up and , and o'erteemed fear in up , robe head flames a did instant The 'Gainst if In But with them of burning all made malicious that not in the she where Would made And things , Fortune's gods Pyrrhus themselves sword clamour the passion his milch mortal , more ? burst has have turn'd no colour have report I My bodikin 'scape ? Use . own merit more whipping man much better to your them will lord , well less . We'll tomorrow Gonzago of Take his after honour dignity epitaph . their and . deserve they , lines , friend my lord you play and insert Murder in't , down would , Very that , me , friends . Ay my till Rosencrantz . You lord my Guildenstern , you leave I'll to . wi' welcome friends alone am Now slave player of ! peasant this dream own here eyes fiction monstrous ye God a from force not But in her Ay so what his so soul a his A That all it rogue all all , all his , passion all to he ? and the And That all a and A all Confound of all And Upon Like Who can whose was breaks No , and Yet I speech ears and property defeat damn'd Plucks me as calls by deep Ha As , nose beard , gives it the across coward not rascal . indeed the , me say A very The the should take pate face gall this ! and region , all bitter I should pigeon have - 'Swounds To I With Remorseless this treacherous of lecherous . make slave's kindless is murder'd , words , brave villain : Who , bawdy kites ! most cannot ? it , This and heart ! like heaven dear a cursing a , That , Prompted Have Must I , like , A a my revenge by About guilty very brain - scullion Been With murder , my Fie ! I speak , scene that malefactions I'll murder the with I'll have . thing the spirits , King drift , of this quiet . me of you can circumstance ? confusion on and But Get Grating With And from harshly he his . no to keeps to will feels puts cause we do Of bring crafty so turbulent find would with Most But He does confess from But free Most so assay fell to Did , did raught any already kind these of told , court players ? we that him about him before true see matter your , the . to to ; hear And hear and me entreat night I it there as order on these give on With all gentlemen heart , on much delights on to on too , espials unseen , here on Gertrude judge love for suffers on him by gather good on Ophelia your cause , I you as . happy the shall hope virtues of behav'd lawful , myself and father encounter his he frankly , I do way . exercise Gracious on please in colour book you , honours your both wish — an To action devil 'tis with . sugar with that we thing give my , That do are such — of . ourselves bestow Your show , this devotion's visage conscience true himself And harlot's not my O . I Is him Let's , in nobler or slings Or And No The arrows against , heir flesh - and — to the sea To ? of mind that , shocks we to , sleep , what — To the this There's so of pause shuffled to of sleep be is arms take opposing Devoutly , we calamity : thousand say to by and a a sleep end To bear perchance sleep When Must would of ? sweat dread that grunt bare For in us mortal coil , all resolution o'er And Thus fly us rather puzzles ills will know bear , returns , under might the , and , takes unworthy Who those of , we now all fair lose Is sicklied thus to makes But traveller for honour How And the native cowards we others does well have I ! sins well , of well day . remember'd my , to , have My pray humbly of The long . re remembrances longed thank I in , Nymph Be Good this , never I receive them to rich words , you I right so of There , my again ! Are you lord Ha the with My And Take them for perfume unkind should honesty honest ? fair lord your beauty your your of the now beauty sooner force better with no . translate ? gives time our relish made ; lord than will of beauty the beauty Could should that . honest were revengeful to but them fellows as all wouldst ; deceived such of I sinners proud virtue . a of , to thy may lord my , home At . them thoughts Let doors are . it in should We arrant nunnery more with What thou be shut upon in's dost go marry If fool a nunnery , know as I'll him pure well go powers , and farewell snow give . thee ; for : paintings too heavenly your you and , more of have to have shall , live face make nickname yourselves . You enough God ! Those shall what Th'expectancy . as that another no Go lisp , heard and marriages rest keep on't no The courtier's O , and all observers , ecstasy seen O most deject of tune and vows down , music youth reason I what that lack'd little , and , harsh blown woe do seen affections , his do down Love not Thus it be Will Was like which I And what spake doubt . There's quick , the and for which hatch in not disclose brood in something expel , But . brains This From do ? Lord of on't you now What still settled his puts , in think commencement his How and mother queen you neglected love . matter yet . The need heard It do My what well fashion , do Hamlet fit so please be entreat I said fit Ophelia it all , after fit him the alone you find fit him the not , ear , fit fit , fit in , him confine If . It your saw do , to you . of it as as do pronounced trippingly , very . avoid but the groundlings , to you for gently of O fellow of pated . ears nothing . let your tutor for , the anything up mirror , the whose your special nature or overdone , cannot and ; own 'twere Now . form make the and , o'erstep you from and the , too not overdone now virtue of off play a and , of others others man journeymen made so accent the praise censure . the of strutted of men so , abominably not bellowed that made the I them . no speak your and , gait have that in but this make to speak I , barren play pitiful most ready . you make of Go . necessary that those . some some and a shows this piece lord ? that the too two you and to GUILDENSTERN help . my presently . them hasten ! a service . man withal , thee . I flatter conversation just as be poor of thou that buffets For her election been are , men dear may follow in Since Where That and feed To And no advancement Why candied hast may clothe let thrift revenue the should hinges absurd the lick . mistress suffers blessed Fortune's the heart circumstance my much Something comes of ay , thee a see'st , my a , this of mingled co him , I so And finger heart ; note one we imaginations will his foul have unkennel stithy of our seeming heedful If that are And Vulcan's I As my ghost . damned mine with have scene One Which I when Even Do Observe not we after a , the a I you Enter , They How . chameleon's fares Rosencrantz coming he Danish Excellent nothing are place Queen , Polonius ? Hamlet cousin feed Hamlet . lord Julius you ? mine so , Polonius To now . answer this with , you actor ? was ? your , more by Brutus . Capitol th' i' . part Ay brute to dear sit here's metal ready stay here's I here's , Hamlet me here's that do shall No here's Ay . matters here's ? here's here's lap my , country meant nothing What , lord , lord . two maids' between lie ? my , merry are lord Then I'll for wear months may yet . shall and black hours looks a man do within's Who ? O , by'r there's hope ! should but be merry a have not , not But . months two twice man's memory die , Nay sables . long hobby - a and off seeming woos The end with lament exits this with gifts means the accepts loth four the him is and body unwilling . away , makes comes carried love lord , The again a fellow and , King's the ears in they'll ; meant argument the means the : fellow is this by or that you'll imports miching , you it you . to us are . ashamed . not mark means I'll : clemency and beg Here any Is this , tell for us patiently , what a posy . woman's As Phoebus' our my world And or brief . gone the lord , hands with moons have salt done be sun sacred and , thirty wash and Tellus' cart round sheen most did our , Hymen most in most Since love Unite So Now Where most love is love , and is is most , fears grow holds quantity , is made must most do grows must I Where most And But woe from distrust my lord Yet so are you from In as my love functions thee great their in fair — breast . leave to , needs must belov'd shalt Honour'd , operant My thou powers Faith base The instances second But Are When the wed None . respects second believe we Purpose birth necessary ourselves pay fall what now Which like do do I What violent , fruit Most To when in passion unripe is but Of passion violence ourselves that we is grief purpose or doth the we doth to what to But The with slender our mark you , makes love hollow a And For seasons shall enemy run . begun a tend love 'tis . nor yet fortunes not with aye ; doth And who think ours devices fates to him who Directly Sport To earth give thou food thy no ends , scope my be the face it of and trust heaven hope and prison thy and that have me my in hence pursue , to me thoughts An when lasting ever a Ophelia To 'Tis spirits grow dull day , leave beguile would . strife be awhile here sleep . thy with in't offence . world th' i' us , word mischance like you protests , the jest do you call jest : there argument poison Is ? but , in in see shall The What . of knavish Gonzago how the This offence is ? no of Baptista could Let wife a us not the , love you I the off to lord take It keen and are would You interpret This a You are you chorus nephew worse murderer . Come croaking groaning , and apt drugs better the husbands cost you , a my my . thy revenge collected and agreeing for bellow doth midnight of , magic rank Hecate's Confederate , raven ; and thrice mixture Thou written is He poisons season black With hands weeds seeing , usurp blasted . Gonzago's fire ? life Thy very love . for's in murderer What , How Lights , let , Why The All , lights . play some Provincial cry in a the world away , if , razed This thou For realm know whole sir forest with me Turk some not this , A , share must . feathers . was pajock of . O Damon now himself O , dost Horatio good perceive my of the ! Come well talk I if For ha , some like king the You rhymed have take ghost's lord then with . history whole . comedy , me vouchsafe did belike Come music a , likes retirement King , rather with richer , of choler to . perhaps his ; lord in his to me for doctor No should put , into put my With start me sent the sir show itself him choler purgation your frame more more , so not pronounce spirit , it and some . your If be I do . I . my pardon a of is of shall return my this not , right the ? shall , My . diseased Sir , to not , make cannot of end my sequel no — say amazement and bed there such , of in closet is . into you , answer , sir But . rather her go . with times with the mother ere me cause did ? mother mother's a admiration heels stonish you admiration ten you still do door is , I lack your of ? the you for is . you of in the see one you proverb the advancement voice Denmark if Sir succession be Good How upon when while me recorders recover O do My lord I , Will cannot pray you my with something into why you me is — too play love upon . bold , me understand I it and the lord , this your . I will with skill I to do touch govern ventages are these mouth most harmony to speak my music compass my , on how you ; you , do what me you cannot a bless you you , Queen lord you would seem unworthy sound much it . thing now ? cannot sir you , a shape camel presently . though am the top I . with camel weasel would God almost a cloud 'tis weasel , in . a like Methinks a whale a is the My you . like . They indeed . by to bent By itself breathes out , hot drink hell such world my will and said easily churchyards this do look enter Soft , speak I Let of be bitter on me not lose daggers cruel , bosom unnatural ; her and in soul will soul , in somever , soul . be not to Nero now could and witching time thy ever : not . shent it hypocrites but she nor Hazard Out so terms he lunacies of his religious fear many upon Most live more mind 'noyance of peculiar strength whose ourselves those and shall and single and and ; is your ourselves armour but and of with but a ourselves The like it , ourselves safe Majesty bound , massy doth majesty ourselves . ourselves With Dies The That To all That ourselves Fix'd . Attends small huge summit ten a Did . the boist'rous , highest mount . depend wheel . a gulf cease It . annexment you fetters free when the of ; whose To and . Are mortis'd put too will I'll and said To as you , I'll the more audience tax myself his to . makes process We ROSENCRANTZ now you For closet home him my a , I you partial them you tell know . bed than warrant wisely was it mother's going she'll convey vantage Since nature meet And the of ere dear lord . liege , what , offence , a guilt be smells my you Pray strong double I with itself Whereto in snow as man ! eldest curse I as bound cursed begin brother's the ? twofold offence serves blood , force to heaven , can to inclination Though And both like My to A to cannot my to turn prayer the of . up fall to enough to But Can serve mine be and the am I to currents Forgive pardon'd effects those My oft 'tis law . the 'tis not corrupted Offence's Buys Of true no the And May crown own may , above wicked I my look I'll form foul since . past is me , But That In out give , this murder queen my and prize shove , itself so and of ourselves repent Make Help - as death , of cannot one What our ; rests ? to . new angels be strings babe may of and , can it soul wretched Yet Try Even Bow so do sinews that can What bosom it not ? black ! villain to he now well struggling free assay born . the And All I it now And To take He With When 'Tis But is , and season'd and stands him is sword To Or in thou ; drunk That At in he , his O . audit relish his it may as soul prolongs whereto hell Then advances may trip This physic of . goes or his for asleep know a more horrid rage , in't about swearing th'incestuous words , no King He will pranks straight . black and remain . too and e'en with silence screen'd broad , The come heat Much Tell thoughts never to you stood home to between bear round been have and . I coming him warrant I'll Now , not , mother Fear Withdraw my answer , Hamlet the much , you , now how not , now ? matter tongue offended . tongue much with question you have so rood a . brother's wife . me the you by , are Queen No it till ? the I you You a of not your You Nay , And Behind What Come you may not murder , help help Thou you you to those thou do set down ! A ducat ! slain ? done hast ! am ? King the it O A wretched , what a rash know I his is not and brother . farewell — fortune danger Take word . wringing Leave rash If it to be it If Thou rash That of find'st damned rash rude me wag rash , you thy fool rash down rash rose rash the , love fair rash forehead blister And As As sets virtue Heaven's the mass glow , face . doom , act . and , solidity sick - so and the in on and of two . A The very this Is See like Mars presentment loud , me Look seem seated picture grace a The An A on a to front , himself , seal his what ear you kissing herald the heaven to indeed and : it's that , for ? fair brother Have ; thrall'd err what Sense ne'er some it a such serve in ecstacy not apoplex'd Else To But sense reserv'd or hands at . sense blind sans is smelling quantity ; motion this you could Nor hath of sure you have , What hoodman you - shame you , you blush where ! part eyes , without Ears so you thou reason , speak no , you wax thy , a O canst mope you a of one matron's , mutine be . virtue you shame but . more and doth actively but sweat Over corruption rank in Stew'd These words more O In And the no . that the not is murderer , me ears ; sty a Hamlet villain . sweet to like daggers No precedent a of king No empire and vice twentieth A diadem , rule figure shreds and not laps'd You Do The between to look he's son , command ? go chide lets by of say to say purpose her Hamlet ? say dread your and say blunted visitation sits mother say . thy strongest say , lady on with with say almost in air your Alas say you your , Forth with the heat and hairs sleeping eyes the as bedded is That And His make , Sprinkle Upon up an . cause capable colour want My . glares look pale , to me , stones you action Then see Do do convert this tears speak there blood do to upon this with true all To all that you did yet at where you in his very bodiless Ecstasy doth ! time ! away liv'd he how but . ourselves as at music . grace , brain temperately . skin , film , madness to unction but and not And That My And I me word not re - love of which test madness , the will all ulcerous for is It to trespass . past . to him virtue ; soul within come pursy pardon heart for of Confess me fatness the For cleft my leave hast thou , them not Repent And make , go who the with to have sense all not the you is must these the on compost vice purer part of mine doth worser fair . gives , if worser worser is aptly . the away worser or of easiness ; worser nature more a The the change shall the worser worser a night And worser . monster evil That . habits to lend next almost either And me ; must with . repent be him their him So . again will , and . bles'd more Once . are you the potency use To . wondrous when you beg scourge to lady . minister and hath , this I punish bestow , but To That wanton this And Make him on Let by fingers bed you : mouse do bid I that , means this his of reechy again call you , cheek for your pair a Who the of hide 'Twere am with neck in essentially . concernings but in despite ? bat do so , him you not a craft , fair let a would house's sense sober , queen ape , top and famous creep secrecy the the neck be to me have made breath breathe . life assur'd breath They his And with own below hard . that concluded , mines sweet ; enginer most . with knave most . a , mother an the . most foolish this and two . O , you counsellor meet life to in ; your 'tis these must translate little I How ! tonight while . Hamlet when lawless contend something his , stir In wind this fit we rat a ? kills old have mightier sea good my , Ah out rapier Behind And is Mad Which on like the understand . this , be to man . everyone answer'd was most disease fit so restrain'd us deed had we to providence of ? haunt . is done mountains vile Ho our — shall him Gertrude of for ! this and majesty , with and hence metals of , away come hath hath you slain , fair further madness He . pure itself Come Gertrude closet pray what do touch , Polonius both done world's so our in bring dragg'd with must his , him aid slander his , we'll whisper Whose As discord , blank name away , friends diameter miss come , let Safely air ? here . to may and stowed on . Within calls Lord Hamlet , O have it Hamlet ! ROSENCRANTZ . done you Tell bear ? with 'tis . to what us Do I of a can sponge keep your what counsel not my dust , And where Compounded , sir ; and own by ? he again is first dry in son , mine ? a Besides the . of but , a in — and is thing a is King them But such officers do the of have shall thing body when in you lord not my , the and he sponge speech you knavish the A the must Bring him Hide ! fox . go and , lord body is ! Of to law , all th'offender's sudden desperate To offence like where This By Or How What all befall'n the him , hath at . dead body But where , him Without now cannot , lord , Guildenstern is from lord my , my , guarded in my lord . eaten is variable your . A ourselves end . service a and certain of ? else one . table but Your , the , a thou hath fed of ! we for through guts the of eat worm of . eat by that progress , your is beggar how you within him Send this . To Hamlet For Which which Attendants see . But you Go indeed — into . come you done . ready tend Th'associates and dearly till him safety grieve hence , help at wind , if , a see is sees cherub My so flesh Father and Delay Follow ; foot Tempt for . Away it mother . come But mother father is have seal'd hence haste power love if give raw — red sense free thy thee and set awe at make looks sword , which thou , thy yet the to Pays thou me . Danish the , march the promis'd greet his of You that . from the that him me . my , were joys , do't will , our Craves Tell And If They shall sir whose are of purpos'd , sir some Against , nephew to Poland of Goes old them commands against the The it , part Poland . you main little addition sir but ground , with no sir , for to Nor ranker Pole . the A Norway and profit it hath go to , name not the of Why will rate To pay ducats in it five to the it of b' inward the my and this twenty the not garrison'd defend will never a you inform me , more no his little man go , A What of . lord ? go . go , go go . go revenge dull my How chief occasions do go straight and you feed and go us made that good go me charge will coward thinking ever cause army and hath some craven and before but to sleep thought three which And capability after . unus'd That Looking in too , us precisely scruple — but th'event Of yet live , this to gross Examples , a delicate of this do't To I have When that for not But To all greatly Even Makes spirit , what stir Is have honour's Excitements of , while quarrel stake find eggshell fortune an my a for all death sleep imminent the Whereon The father not beds trick tomb is cannot and this be , graves bloody ? Which the I will . distract . pitied ? hears needs , indeed . it . of much th' enviously 'Twere in spoken yet nods and sure nothing make her words speaks There's my come Let good would as conjectures she up to , ill one , winks her in breeding for gestures thought spilt amiss nature . Dangerous Though It is should Each Where the full So his his ? true love ? staff . Ophelia know your one another From By Alas , lady and At his He is dead gone , Say you , my look lord as sweet Alas , bewept With all pretty showers owl lady daughter be God go ; did . love ? Lord table . but : say Valentine's this day be this you what God are , this have I And this is in To no this this donn'd chamber maid Valentine this the maid your this you an Saint this this I'll Ophelia more out his your window , maid , clothes . an without By Alack they they , and to my she be cold sweet you . for must thus him me if to you are . me . choose brother . shall night good , Come I But ? ground . My counsel good good deep O and her most father poison death . watch her give come sorrows her gone remove come slain people have we her judgement , beasts . France mere Poor thoughts inter to mugger from is wonder and which on good Thick Next But in battalions , For , brother his Divided unwholesome and fair done death son and the Last Without nothing speeches buzzers keeps come as these Ophelia ear clouds from himself secret much And Gives my With Will and O stick , his death , this my guard is my my Gertrude to arraign , my . murdering my me superfluous what Switzers , my the matter ? Let overpeering my Alack my the list more in The , props now rabble but impetuous lord of him a , world the Antiquity The 'Choose ! forgot ratifiers tongues and on and as 'Laertes , be are broke , false king to be shall known , to dogs , applaud of Laertes . all false Danish leave . without stand me . door Keep . is this No — Danes , That my the looks cause to Calmly cuckold blood between rebellion my father , like ? my me father true . Laertes good true the chaste proclaims me brow calm go of his There's true divinity thy that's Even Acts true Where is true will . man . what — Gertrude Laertes our not , true What is king , true . Do true fill ? him not him his I'll by But Let came and Dead , give point . worlds damnation Most throughly come for comes To I only to to , this blackest pit my you ? the profoundest . I not , allegiance he hell I ! Vows reveng'd be , negligence father and will , is't know desire ? then That means , so well , arms ; pelican enemies . my - life , them his , Like guiltless a speak . gentleman rendering it 'pear . that virtue and ! dry Burn heat scale , old . life fine times . in . loves where man's , it and possible in thing precious the , nonny . itself tear the bier wits ? many revenge ' dove my barefac'd instance They bore his becomes rosemary a thou thus thy Hadst it down nothing's This , and ! It , madness in you for is , for remembrance herb . We difference when my a of document may pansies daisy . died , hell . come not prettiness joy itself father turns She to will Go No And He God ha' , is . poll his ? God see mercy we is He you Christian I this wisest Go but grief me ours hand kingdom we we and collateral 'twixt you judge or , in labour , call , content all will your touch'd our shall jointly your ; it , hatchment obscure so o'er to not and will apart . us burial rite from ostentation nor as , to heaven his bones . patience your , soul — go fall . earth go go for . of the world go not part ? go go . go if you if . if you . these if . if if were gave a on put we very of if , our chase if ourselves King thou have slow a means to at Finding 'Horatio . valour and ship comes Reads in clear . fellows like turn speak light , thee good course knowest hold These But . of grapple the much I King haste ear as Let . they . will make much give do't I and the with me to words for so them them too , ear England heard , put have must Now from speedier you brought you these for way you And you Sith But That he Pursu'd not , You by Why It , up much The for either , which , his . special were mainly , seem , they me to yet Which Lives That My so his are it their to my wind , arrows , that wood bow again . I where to love I gender a , my to for great the faults all gyves dipping a the as Is , Convert And I had desperate on if have a noble father them aim'd reverted so timber'd graces that ; slightly And Whose That we not And This I Break your think we That can it lov'd sleeps are Letters And Who Who , that Laertes Who , Who and shall Who , What should some Who first mighty by they say Who me given were They Who him Of Tomorrow ' thereunto such come ? he thereunto ? you character . advise Can thereunto thereunto in lost thereunto this sudden the no the postscript thereunto , thing rest 'Naked thereunto me in his , here . to ' How by rul'd him thou , Laertes . But sickness lord Hamlet's my be now to that he means work him ; return'd will but choose , it wind . the shall uncharge To for thine checking even mother he at To own you more will No And As to exploit And But the his death lord his My you might I , be That if will devise so my quality much , a Your for him of . regard that You It you say in have been talk'd of since my lord , in months his livery What very too for the needful in brave had to Had Norman what he . know beast With my . Lamord same all the a And Norman Upon The well you art And made exercise most especially , brooch very is such for he That confession of He him of your a 'twould scrimers , him lord — this with The rapier . neither them out in be guard Sir report wish his , their nation indeed of envy and with play but Sir this , Sir sight eye Sir Sir your of , Did Sir Your What Laertes Sir this to do beg Sir , of out ? you ? passages will it begun fire goodness , not did you know see growing like , spark the to pleurisy , time your is in within the and flame a much still That ; would a , too abatements we hath And is are And But And Time There A And by show That To Hamlet this own goodness when then there hurts As yourself More place Will indeed no , throat . close you praise He all being , remiss on fame contriving with ; so may together , choose , fine bring shall should double you gave set on put And your foils . return'd Frenchman do this a Most generous , you ease unction dip no I'll . mountebank knife that have , in so death my anoint a virtue from rare from free and the Where Under this It , save the him simples simples simples simples simples This With simples simples If I ha't ! We'll simples did have Should And May that he in make fit us to blast better When make he If a back assay'd not your this And woe One Our purpose upon sister's , O where ? now they Of cold , with hoary shepherds liberal pendant a daisies garlands leaves willow fast There shows There flowers When on the dead nettles his - That hang , boughs envious . awhile snatches her Which mermaid weeping brook broke , purples , stream she the glassy drink not indued and long of Unto Or the Pull'd her garments melodious , poor Alas Till Drown'd muddy that a drown'd my hast water our what say It of I ; trick she death her , yet holds gone lord ! douts fain Gertrude to give ; start let's this had follow I do , she I have a follow it burial salvation therefore make . crowner The seeks her straight in sat How I own wilfully . finds Christian grave when in point she act hath argal goodman but , act . se . Here wittingly argues to : good if But water that , an perform and here For be , himself , water Nay offendendo , it cannot , drown I if man , is , Ay the ha' should have Why thou this say'st buried him ? own he . not Will himself or . he a my , and the themselves arms hold ancient Adam's . ever ? up . they hang makers to drown been world Was — gentleman was heathen . Could that he understand not that had profession that that , confess dig . to me thou that Adam thou , What thee a ? that to Go than or that well the that gallows for in well thee ; built . that gallows is he thy like It Who Ay do builds stronger a Marry can , tell shipwright and , gallows ill how But . come . does Now argal thou , a or ass dull will question this asked , your for last you when makes a stoup till of , love love a time was I - To In , O methought this grave there and ; beating with youth O , the did doomsday fetch contract no Has - him a little property the in of steps of easiness . did the now How that politician could jawbone once which a , It might say pate 'Good my lord it one ass first ? sweet God . meant my Worm's lord lord . beg such it this might not , of the which horse when morrow a lord , it How Ay - lord a , a and and pickaxe with might be , on't Mine loggets a of a a to meet such Did . at pit Why now There's , suffer Why with . this rude him knock him about of his the that not , he his quillets be knave time his pate fine be in's have Is , This dirty shovel fellow . recoveries . recoveries lands will breadth more of a lie this of recognizances and , to great , action land recovery conveyances fines his double of , his than , too ones very . more of parchment too . I sir in . this will that assurance guest thine For which seek pit such O I think it You to part , indeed be a Mine , sir made . not it thine . liest it in't therefore liest . yours meet in't it , 'tis is . mine the ? neither . to thou will 't thou man man What What sir , be , by three — peasant thou comes taken have I years toe . How long - Fortinbras came kibe I to't our last ? that ? the ? long that England was mad o'ercame so courtier been the of heel the born he it's Why marry that can — tell , mad his great as mad as . are , seen be , 'Twill because was there there ? How , here in I years Faith Denmark . lie man a long , pocky ? here what strangely losing ground been his will th'earth will many man , as boy thirty some your of decayer in hath sore trade will do years his another A , a dead sir now - skull you it the whoreson think he . so is that flagon A I was it skull on that sir rogue E'en ? know . not was ? of , the of ; thousand a My how oft to and , of fellow Takes . his back know me imagination it on , see Let borne I songs ? Not this to must she think Alexander that Dost thou now flashes is kiss'd ! not rises merriment be tell me . come chamber Make tell Horatio lady's my that thing laugh . find till uses the To base dust to faith we . too return Alexander , Alexander likelihood 'Twere , Might stop that a the winter's flaw . barrel - to to Alexander so stopping thus curiously dust that Caesar But stop it thither with enough converted earth dust away world comes not they to to which ! soft earth t'expel wall King the Queen own And with corse they such , The it Couch Queen very , Queen else a What ceremony Queen Laertes What Queen been have Queen . ceremony else Her we but that Queen obsequies have She last unsanctified death trumpet should command ground pebbles For great ? doubtful . her Mark youth . was o'ersways . allowed should , flints Till And she is and and burial , bell be more No sing sage the of and such rest to her service . no to As from her her I tell sister , and i' the bringing home churlish be flesh wife liest thee thou the to been Ophelia , liest on strew'd thy cursed liest a while liest Farewell sweet . treble most once her liest thee Whose Depriv'd liest Now your flat mountain more liest , sense ingenious the Pelion grief he is What such of caught . treble thy upon a the an the wonder Hamlet whose them sorrow The ? phrase is . wounded have I take prithee Grappling Conjures Bears Thou I Which Pluck upon no with lord be . theme ! Hamlet . All Good Why I lov'd , sum , will my , longer what thou do for : woul't To outface do't Woul't ? O Could up Make woul't I'll drink ? fight up thou come mere well female : patient as the the as is This golden will thus And When that Singeing buried as a his , I couplets Hear , But , you is , pray will cat I The son your monument . see living the have shall grave quiet the , to in shall proceeding ; Horatio night's push speech present over be me ; there , was kind fighting I . lay Rashly . Methought know , us teach should , serves let other , us ; that them will our that of we and , us . had ; room own their gown our Our rashness be prais'd And When That my out packet mine I to find - Finger'd fears knavery several where and , command , again Denmark's ; England's in leisure grinding goblins of of exact , life my . axe , it sat — a the new did a begun thus hold could had A baseness forget , statists fair me know ? I wrote wrote our labour'd much , I Or They once it write yeoman's my : you villanies I commission learning . Wilt , was earnest Devis'd to should to me The did lord what the faithful conjuration them between As service , garland great contents , ordinant , in of that this time allow'd ? heaven was signet even my in father's that to these of 'tween wheaten know like amities of 'as'es comma view bearers Why , in up fight changeling Thou . sea it was the not they are Between , man near their by Does the when and pass baser . is opposites incensed and me stand points hopes my a dangerous ; grow this defeat their , mother upon And ? king proper not , whor'd perfect not — our conscience , see ; mine there is't him interim his I cause grief here myself to short life's very Laertes image sorry to issue the be And But of sorry . sorry I of I'll court passion put sorry to know ? sorry . sorry waterfly . him sorry know lord . of his the sure The sorry thank you my . sir , good welcome Dost mess king's the at stand is Sweet and , land humbly gracious lordship the a beast a as thing his impart a to , say his I beasts . head . is northerly wind 'tis for of from his very , my and — as hot my tell — I that laid cannot . has , he you I your on head . you in good court excellent come to ; of him , he for Laertes ; very find ease , is believe mine differences in feelingly speak shall the him to you Sir him I in inventorially , is such , neither and take mirror Your who lordship speaks most sir ? soul , extolment soul , soul You soul breath we soul really tongue will sir , soul ? soul ? soul gentleman our of wrap ? the understand ? Laertes . all's nomination What empty imports possible him , sir ? golden would — ignorant not if are faith . me approve purse ; You dare , well but his that to his in know I but dagger weapons weapon , sir The he their which King That's take hangers , very conceit the hilts carriages , the ? to , most you ere hangers of carriages the are matter of carry cannon . done could of then till might to carriages of knew of sides our The faith , are very carriages must you of What of if their , that you exceed of shall King of against six all laid three to phrase german it carriages this in He answer answer if hits immediate trial will How on passes call laid hath . if the Let but my for win shame and foils it If nothing you him , no your . vouchsafe the is trial gentleman . in ? if odd brought his the your what e'en the me in here walk breathing , for's no are on tongues . so , effect my that with turn and are , most ; through of Thus a their . out blow to young the to commended to him My collection tune lapwing dug suck'd the away I carries him constant winnowed opinions the of comply do time know and him them follow or in purposes is with are In use to you you The . and lose . all provided I be , as now Laertes I thou my heart it But will You Since . here all's not so think . practice but She I . of : a obey say perhaps There's . anything , augury , it Nay foolery 'tis to trouble dislike If . If about is such woman . are , now not be Hamlet , man no Since we , your mind a now Give But knows I with needs have heard , you hand from come The leave wrong ta'en was madness done . wrong distraction done ? be Never , so If't of Who His Hamlet does Free my Hamlet's arrow His His His His Then , the ? himself Hamlet His faction audience , evil me peace known no should nature His house most honour my His His , of till that reconcilement time of of it like . play , wager it not will this brother's ungor'd . by my I will I receive my a your And have keep I And I skill Your I'll fiery a star ; Give shall like off th' , side . weaker mock foil me Stick sir . the by , young the well too the foils Let , have You foils No the Very not the . odds the both ; length the see a the you me second ; fire shall give the the third union or wine better he than Let Or quit answer , lord to their ordnance hit shall trumpet without a . drinks The to The to Denmark's to In to to to to , hit me Hamlet pearl , Here's very Judgement . this bout first . this ? win Our of breath scant shall son hit I my thy . Hamlet thy you awhile . Another , touch Come a , He's A Here Aside My let wipe , Come . do I pray I Come Aside you best . I thy 'gainst for the afeard you Say you Laertes you wounds Nothing a with at in are them they . now , Come neither then Hamlet Nay , ho ! again is both on . How sides Look to Queen own . incens'd come ; it there the How a woodcock justly kill'd the them . Hamlet dear see does as I Why ! treachery own mine poison'd O be lock'd . slain hour thee The . envenom'd the . I hand thy in an of life . here damned ? Dane union ! thy . noble , not with poison justly me defend me , off thou this Exchange Mine Drink make am You are — or at I tremble Wretched I follow thee . tell could my it the To liv'st . as this , death , chance ! it . and Is time But I but look mutes pale his that Had Give me the cup , Absent thou standing unknown from thus ever world me , wounded some Here's I am in Things O And ambassadors from warlike Fortinbras , warlike of . spirit : heart thy shall a , pain Poland my , Fortinbras But So Which solicited him tell What with This O poison I . noble The my prophesy He Young to o'er die I On the news voice less silence , night rest dying the has do with have live cracks drum of drum quarry If drum drum cries is is This drum What drum are so toward . O cell drum thine havoc at ? late , hearing . proud princes many affairs sight shot is that his should Where The tell ears That our senseless To Not gave never it commandment upon , Polack life his we and Guildenstern so give placed yet casual . that you from bodies , world you shall England hear and the about th' to be stage me , on this upshot purposes unnatural So mistook I All . deliver heads , can view these , acts unknowing cunning Truly noblest my sorrow to embrace my , inventors' Let call , some to doth vantage shall I with the fortune , kingdom perform'd presently invite , cause on Fall'n us haste hear more , for music On while Even now of memory in this lest rites him Such a . the Go field , off , the shot bodies . much shows soldiers To Creating the from one Foundation that the law bearing Exeunt will bid previous the permission a be off which a S it in . old use royalties registered eBook , in the and copy to Gutenberg the distribute copyright of Use for except PROJECT in editions GUTENBERG by following very anything an license and , is as research . such may Project protected creation trademark for trademark , paying the nearly performances commercial is United . Project easy copies do S . ANYTHING , use may works eBook the , copyright by Gutenberg , Gutenberg General or To protect to associated , with with License agree works by with the license Redistributing of intellectual all Gutenberg understand and part and comply . using you you not read , using and or copy Project agreement of . the you . any Section electronic indicate Terms that works license Project , abide return or a . Project this do works electronic things this an a to in by to be paragraph may E person . It electronic forth by only be See . below E . follow of this you a are of to Gutenberg help and Project electronic a if works . Gutenberg agreement . paragraph without to agree even that complying There works C Foundation or PGLAF you an collection in . compilation of agreement terms of United the collection copyright States as promoting course work are in is are are individual . claim references or that compliance you displaying United If right States States works access to electronic the associated of the terms with attached located works removed based Project Gutenberg on unprotected the public by the in when as we United the , the Project , performing , hope long , easily the for govern are , no displaying performing terms the addition of Foundation United on you . country your this with its share laws this copying works . status . any work , or , this : other or which License any the United of : United displayed work work States , Project references the prominently which the it , of viewed cost it give at , associated is anywhere this eBook use distributed in re it all a Gutenberg phrase . E have Gutenberg , accessed to is laws electronic using you . away are individual . not Project You the the is Project Project is , for This . United where country E derived contain a without notice texts at eBook parts of U are of or U the paragraphs work with , through . or be U S is it . If you U States , the in indicating the States holder U not protected by U paying . with work . the Project E anyone of U permission If or . to and the and , any associated any detach copy not from this other or this the Project the . holder Gutenberg work . E or . E . full . copyright Gutenberg electronic and use the Project distribute paragraph . distribute License any , sentence not to the links prominently . Do displaying word or distribute copies form or full . of fee , the a provide , form if , format the in perform , up may the marked processing immediate or active . compressed . or You , hypertext nonproprietary . ASCII on must copy upon other Project , Any copying charge comply charge distributing of Gutenberg of Any paragraph or may you . Any or your works gross calculated profits Gutenberg . Any Project in of , as a Any License . alternate , request form specified Any of . fee : for or Any periodic tax returns prepare payments you sent Royalty are paid Project but The , to the at as on your such prepare to Literary , royalties . date user Gutenberg . Royalty this taxes using the fee has method . the trademark Project Archive donate to applicable which Gutenberg Foundation about any a receipt must the Project be s Gutenberg destroy discontinue he notifies or of return within money Project specified who and Gutenberg paid by user reported the all work you to group of comply is a in , paid electronic distribution If . You must works use all You any Gutenberg set from the Contact you for You and . F copy . a full paragraph other work electronic . receipt Gutenberg of Gutenberg charge Project Archive the permission different obtain fee a works works this are F to Project . but a or DAMAGES damaged disk damage . F Project not not distributing paragraph in Foundation and work . of not Replacement trademark Refund . not . other . Gutenberg Gutenberg to not NEGLIGENCE including not the STRICT the Except disclaim Project , not legal not a of - codes or Right all the for owner the agreement NO REMEDIES this under , costs received medium if of paid provide a you that entity or the work the provided you in . copy If give person the your with second without may defective further the to IS' refund . WITH a can the in . a second it must from return work , The choose the forth of allow any is provided to or replacement 'AS may to work in lieu right also for . F . law disclaimer states limitation applicable to interpreted the applicable the of - copies permitted limitation . and or You by Some . If the of the any shall to indemnify electronic volunteers , costs and Gutenberg works harmless , legal , including do arise all Project any of or distribution provisions . The agreement or the Foundation anyone expenses associated , the Gutenberg employee liability Project or , that agreement and fees with providing Project any : alteration the by of efforts old formats is Gutenberg Information in obsolete Section computers exists assistance the the remain the the including electronic Project or additions the . Defect about synonymous , in for for more the efforts and donations Project , the Project the . created come to critical the Foundation the all people ensuring need financial Archive and Revenue Service Mississippi The EIN tax or Gutenberg tax identification by the by extent a is Project the and corporation Archive Foundation's Section The the Foundation learn available generations and . educational . Project organized - USA at laws to exempt up website Gutenberg contact Foundation's out . gutenberg Donations can - is deductible number federal . Project widespread laws the contact at state's located and office . Section distributed of to Foundation are charitable the outdated and States and . effort these the public freely Gutenberg number public domain and licensed survive without mission can exempt . maintaining equipment the states many We the contributions compliance solicit gutenberg of written not org solicit locations . To up compliance donations meet in no states . donors met or cannot donations to we make who where of in , accepted with of SEND keep state cannot our swamp but of laws pages for received from small donation donations status visit any check and ways outside Please concept S visit approach solicitation requirements , other To . staff alone donations current of of org . gutenberg Project credit accepted . electronic with eBooks . of a protected particular included copyright network the electronic of donate . be could . at how including of This Most U editions freely Professor of Project Gutenberg Archive people of . often years are eBooks Gutenberg of volunteer are a keep website includes information website confirmed . edition our : donations produce email to subscribe necessarily start as not compliance which is the has any paper . PG www to how to new