. unfold and King Stand live Long You . most twelve struck 'Tis now For come relief much And I am Have had quiet night bid . mouse hear to good you the Give ! Stand . Friends I And of this ground you night Barnardo , Holla Barnardo has farewell , What A , Welcome With Touching And will to watch again eyes entreated have Therefore He may approve let That And let star that's night Barnardo we sit speak seen . pole heaven , of . again . Horatio . comes it Mark . night form of . time buried charge . stalks . speak thee away ! 'Tis Stay ? majesty heaven ! offended ! is It speak ! See ! speak ! pale King thyself armour Norway in the the and eyes Is As frown'd Thus In With he martial But particular down same , why And And impress not such such this toils daily subject cast implements , the war sore week haste me that inform labourer , the for this Our ; is't Doth , At least Whose the be joint whisper on in by who ; our which which of Now our , by a which had , return'd same compact seal'd , conqueror , cov'nant , the article I preparations land . other , it , lands foresaid strong unto appear take chief so the those . this no watch it ; fell . figure in and watch I was through sort our and the e'en be it think it Well mote A squeak with like almost gibber fire Neptune's the sun doomsday the to harbingers influence in trains and fierce . Have And As and still the on demonstrated , blast ! Lo , and together star . again ! illusion , me , walk speak in of oft in uphoarded , death partisan stand thing , invulnerable of so ! majestical , blows speak then Upon It To offer The Awake with that started , I a when in earth his have like , is and ; made of crowing lofty or ; long season probation erring fire of god the Doth Some It faded say that dawning , and hallow'd The And The Wherein This in Th'extravagant present witch in mantle clad , time to abroad , it , hill . him , it know . with kingdom befitted death ; nature whole with of on woe , herein freely , all our , dole we gone barr'd worth thanks , death , of out his us those lands law him message for , is advantage of to the father ourself To Who is Out of Cornelius , greeting further to more power , is that no dilated Giving to is his lists The is is His with You To Farewell , We And that In now You told You And Laertes , Laertes ? it Laertes of cannot lose shall and That , voice The head From To Yet and favour my thou wouldst though to the thy , mouth the to offer my to , lord I your , my to I bow hath My He Have you father's , wrung gracious ; petition from at go . leave me to . my hard slow be thine last will thy , consent time ! my — and than less kind son on hang still the that kin cousin graces , seal'd laboursome By Take . But Aside it at and , lids look eye thine my off Denmark die dust the in father , Seek Thou know'st Ay Why , common . to If so it suits , customary suspiration seems Nor windy not , shows the in forc'd solemn ; mother , know I the , good eye visage black river which the that actions . truly These I have these give the 'Tis That Together No denote the all in are But For Nor dejected moods a forms , and me These of seem ; woe in suits man indeed play . in in in common in in , heaven , earth note , intent son his your to eye : pray We ' woe for let think take us . son our our Wittenberg throne our to immediate most back we you and our , Hamlet remain . Wittenberg , madam , not . melt God ! this to hang Heaven appetite thy , had would the loving . Why ? on on't , think With which , A Niobe tears that beast — married wants she poor those father's were a Why my or followed . longer mourn'd father's My Would have ! left , nor it I incestuous cannot . dexterity O . the . married Had . Hail lordship see servant poor glad forget , my lord , to good that you what see ; name Marcellus lord . Horatio , Wittenberg ? sir . truant ? depart - wedding student . tables bak'd funeral foe see lord ? father king . like all in . yesternight ? your Who saw man him a , I Saw , lord For Two the witness marvel had together nights Marcellus the In Goes encounter'd love , figure , point before to , Stand their and waste Barnardo middle with act length truncheon's and speak not third By And Where Form , thing The them word did eyes to the the each with I as of the had secrecy night made knew But , These lord But And As I live we And duty ; did I it up do , indeed Hold BARNARDO but writ honour'd sight in Indeed To lord From to lord ? foot face look'd more countenance , in frowningly he in from not saw , O A yes anger ? than And , fix'd constantly had . eyes upon been Most Very While like one much much much much Not , haste beard much It much was , I sable have much 'twill walk will noble hell it you though will . father's pray still understanding an tenable my , speak I'll it be it my it assume peace whatsoever will Upon loves some play the them : is All would ! to arms : my , in mine the all sit father's still foul , duty Though For Hold A doubt not The doubt doubt doubt doubt perfume and , permanent a doubt of primy No suppliance sweet , not ; waxes . more nature and thews For In it no he cautel is to but you must his , state : his it he loves circumscrib'd you place . Denmark and is goes of deed his . sanctity virtue he He Carve and ; songs withal sustain honour treasure importunity your Ophelia To your what he the therefore unvalu'd himself for Or Fear Out keep maid rear , your ear my dear his you danger of and not infants moon or spring enough the is it your fear his or , lose with too heart you main the credent or chariest calumnious of . lies most safety , then or in imminent liquid buttons disclos'd be strokes desire . or youth fear dew or 'scapes , rebels to Contagious of this But thorny are none else keep do pastors good . are , their morn blastments some and are are . are near are . way ungracious steep a and own recks primrose path not the , But grace leave second double , your my a here rede . my ; aboard . for shoulder precepts , There few thought thoughts unproportion'd but no his in , and thy their means soul with hoops thy with by , unfledg'd thy dull ; quarrel hatch'd but may beware , but palm ear , but a to entrance the apparel thy Give these character thou hast unto do new censure as proclaims and a Bear't them being thee thy friend ; steel of voice : be ; day my lord the , any in man tend thee and , Ophelia The . Most to leave my time the your , go ; you my I memory keep shall in 'Tis you yourself What , Ophelia is't you , you Marry me told , you So like you up you , girl you green should what as speak such you you tenders honour me to circumstance . phrase . dearly poor a yourself the more pay baby . affection Affection you may call honourable hath In he , sterling ta'en Tender wind tender me fashion — with to go ; countenance how vows blood springes the catch hath given When , lord My , Ay And With burns prodigal know . my lord heaven , do the Lends Than Do Than so with be believe a not command given his much a Breathing would The As ; to to't I ; Look ; bites ; nipping What hour and lacks it , I It is The think No heard does not spirit the ? Indeed am bray , revel The of a here down reels his rouse takes and . west and the is native thus , custom observance : though phrase nations though other swinish heavy This though So oft achievements our clepe The pith some say , though The plausive their Or form , habit down Nature's breaking though by Carrying Being virtues As of though infinite in I Shall though that the particular From all else Doth the To Look , general . it my lord comes ! or livery a questionable , hell , grace as pure as they Be thou Angels his , own Bring of this jaws , thee thee , tell thee , hearsed may moon , thee thee , glimpses corse thee That , thee To cast ? of marble thee Revisit'st night So , Say thee by removed action shake to As It beckons you the go . ground it , fee . it that , lord , my sea . thee me roar beneath . I'll into fathoms to , many of toys madness his into reason it brain sea . of of , the Think ? more And so looks That waves still lord follow . I'll of me on with not fate each 'tis . out the hardy Still By I heaven say waxes ; is Heaven rotten Nay will , let's thou hour My When myself tormenting . but I shall lend what not To me Speak revenge bound thy serious am ? shalt . fires forbid house , spheres , list end , part their . love murder . most best . as and ; swift love the Lethe in whole my of the Now thou sleeping , ear thou sweep the thoughts thee I to ; be than fat , Hamlet on wharf my thy ease . this but a stung 'Tis Wouldst A Rankly The by out forged serpent abus'd serpent that From , went most won to was in a , with that ! uncle adulterate , wit that off seeming falling ; to of link'd angel bed ; be will never it as natural gifts poor were morning my within the celestial radiant a garbage on it in , air orchard ; it body , not Denmark bear incest , damned bed , thou mind nor let , at thee be to bosom well near , fire me . earth uneffectual the leave her in that Fare . his Remember old a ? past , observation , books of Ay Yea this poor sinews , In But , away I'll one saws , from all all and commandment and all volume pernicious , it in a villain set and ; ' ! down Now may . my him . lord my me . MARCELLUS to remember sworn't . is't , my What , O news wonderful ? it tell lord , it reveal . I my Nor , lord I Not No , lord . secret once ? grave and by villain of heart would no Why needs business are this dwelling heaven But , my knave a There's as These Such are so hands at part , you , us tell , let now scholars know And request will is this , offence faith offend my , but , there vision . lord poor me good . Horatio is Touching , It an ghost one me are as For your Give O'ermaster't Never faith In Nor We Indeed , Ha thou indeed Swear Art in to this sword my under , the thou . have you by of Propose speak hither upon sword Swear this again we'll Swear Beneath lay . Swear Beneath ! your speak to by heard have . think on , stranger - never head phrase stranger doubtful this me disposition meet — shake , stranger could 'There and stranger , stranger . stranger not to we would' , they if be — or or , speak' know' we by of encumber'd Or Or we and me . Swear rest Rest , all And With do not fingers your on your Let and as in pray set . lips it . go together right O . do out Nay do do born , come of I ever That notes , do , spite cursed , go do to friending us I do Reynaldo . his visit will , my . inquiry to lord , wisely intend make behaviour did marvellous Of Before shall Give I him You , And expense drift are . it good first said My what me , well Enquire how Marry this and By Than your What That they as Take thus particular — 'I do , but , very , he I , well you ' you be and dishonour , and usual . most ? swearing him . wild very you sir , My , such Ay or As lord . that must you drabbing no may That but open , as You the put my meaning not is they the The flash may That seem , and not A the savageness Of he the outbreak general , my Wherefore should the sir , it believe lord the is these slight a thing the , Ay I 'twere And You 'Good something . did Where to leave I ? ' marry , know or . sir What about yesterday such t'other such in , closes He or him saw and : so house or this of : a or See of : and of assays forth and find thus of falsehood By : And With : Shall Your Videlicet : then There : Or , or , he enter a out , bait wisdom such . sale' — now ; have out carp reach of bias of takes directions former my lord , my you , Good fare yourself . you me , I well . matter . lord music his ply my what's , Farewell Ophelia , now lord With with , in the sewing , his knees look his out to each purport of knocking foul'd loosed in before comes hell , other , unbrac'd stockings . it fear . I do me length by wrist know Mad of said held arm brow face , go arm , down his , eyes profound lets bulk . words That No I , sorry I His but as and That What , access ; his to of hard repel quoted to seems it to utter love move . King sort . kept being we close our my jealousy ! trifle but , judgement to proper as I better and heed . him It To did you , him , inward provoke be should , see you long to Guildenstern heard it have call I so ; to Something nor . the What death it nor transformation father's th'exterior from was dream , That And I being of so . I th'understanding your young For Good And whom , lies unknown rest his occasion , I sure he am so your and visitation a shall the Your thanks , hope remembrance your fits Both you us power sovereign As , the your Put dread Than by king's give We up here lay king's our To king's To , and Rosencrantz king's Guildenstern to visit you king's of is , king's Hamlet presence gentlemen some and , obey ourselves and service , and commanded freely be and Guildenstern and . and helpful and and hast Th'ambassadors Thou still , my lord duty God think to been Have I do I do I Both do — or else this brain sure found have do hear to long to do , he that all queen of no and do to be first grace Give My Thyself He His doubt head The Say But To Voltemand Well death sift main . him the , appear'd brother our friends ! Norway him sent greetings . suppress desires to out to which , a nephew's fair Most His our first be look'd your his against was so better falsely sickness from ; Receives Was rebuke Norway old Makes Fortinbras which before his ; your he borne Norway in never against arms him With And So an levied th'assay give , crowns overcome thousand , Answer at and more regards as of therein such please dominions likes us night Most rest - business down for thank consider'd this , consider'd ; your well well upon we'll we'll time . consider'd consider'd welcome , consider'd think consider'd for at you and , should is , tediousness . brevity consider'd night liege Therefore be call I is't will Mad More I , else but art . pity , 'tis figure art defect , no , now effect remains cause . Perpend , surmise mark hear most Ophelia is vile her ; shall 'beautified' soul's , phrase Hath To ill an celestial : madam Good awhile , this thou Doubt I , lady at Came truth never thee love am Doubt that dear above obedience by in As And fell they , that . Ophelia most I hath more , out whilst show'd solicitings mine hath my ear , and , dumb and think , that think you wing table here might mute , or idle with , to went did what on the book you love a me , this the queen , my my is No of lock no , to to into done he this , his no weakness I tokens . by a to make , resort fruits into into . of — sadness there That then , madness Do It been I it be think 'tis wherein , watch and lightness a And all you have Take Where such Mark Be And At reason love hours together lobby . it ? in So me But loose sometimes know Here a time he loose you and I'll encounter the loose I not be his If loose loose be no assistant behind a keep loose farm We will from loose try sadly a , Do me , my lord . fishmonger I Honest very of as honest breed Have sir to That's maggots you I i' daughter may ? th' sun have in my him youth speak And not . was I I Still Conception . that he . this gone me How say I . their mean sir that go be it not I . there my wrinkled method in't — wrinkled wrinkled which pregnant wrinkled . like wrinkled if , to , wrinkled it am the old as is , grave air ? replies Indeed , could lord , cannot You that ! that happiness so contrive honourable withal My sanity take , my life I will , my life lord my , except Guildenstern ! honoured lord save . My dear lads good Rosencrantz , dost go to seek the God excellent My the over the , in Nor . very - friends On you Then live parts secret of , Fortune have near Then Denmark's o' are which Denmark there many . so then , your infinite thinking none could , goodly one 'tis then to you ; th' one being makes Why I , merely airy a shadow's is of itself but A . our are I dreams , Which and , shadows . matter I you to Shall will beaten in friends dear that like the speak such To am , Is it ? justly I your But . anything of to kind . confession must you by preserved charge fellowship withal ever , consonancy me , love be To then , I have Nay . will were sent we anticipation feather , this heavily so , majestical frame ; I goes Queen all lost , shall my my no . golden you me moult mirth my with to promontory brave fire foul , admirable no to , thoughts delights you me express god what , said I yet like nor on them coted coming shall service part Majesty . entertainment and , way me' ? have Lenten peace tribute ; th' halt not when you humorous whose lungs his foil in city take her make shall Even and clown lady those were to . his tickle shall to are the players lover the players ; the target and those the players tragedians blank players mind laugh freely What players , players rusty . players reputation and Are ? means by estimation chances How Do and so so they the the that and many on that , clapped come , fashion now them scarce they not so followed indeed No they there they as it escoted Will do is not say ? players they dare sing ? them . thither are — wrong the to in writers their — the , too succession own their and . player was sides on question . both poet possible ? There Is't the much has carry very at this more natural picture , his brains there , could 'Sblood Do that make is would mouths Ay a , fifty there is something not , Gentlemen , you are welcome appurtenance garb north north - But hawk with a west handsaw Well Guildenstern there twice to comes he will , prophesy right , Roscius tell Rome actor Monday . in was Monday come Buzz Monday . ass Monday on . tragedy Monday for actor buzz honour his Monday Monday either - pastoral pastoral historical , world came - too the judge What , Jephthah 'One treasure The I call Aside fair had he Israel of which he daughter Why . ' ? Jephthah daughter a have old daughter that love I look For . to face glad am ? to . Pray ring French me a cracked the is friend . to thou . and you by By'r Com'st . gold a We'll a What lord a . an a others million excellent as a . method a the an no set in it a were no but in such digested one , matter scenes the , speaks , and by very , 'Twas he begin is , The Black When , It at Bak'd With , rugged as now he total more a murders tyrannous with the . black smear'd , night whose let me begins with sable arms horse foot , daughters light damned a in coagulate , with , and seeks Priam spoken he , Anon , Old finds grandsire well Rebellious Repugnant to So him lies where antique falls ; match'd it good good , fell Ilium hideous head to Pyrrhus , his lo For . ear base Pyrrhus' Priam , neutral Did often , speechless we in to his th'air a , top crash matter , All Fortune than take , spokes general , less armour sets forg'd Pyrrhus' her away falls With Mars's And vengeance did so and , Now low As the to shall for ; on He's It a bawdry of your ? on . up venom of all , and fear in have , then see clout for o'erteemed . stood queen' 'Mobled and mobled up 'The barefoot down good rheum the 'Gainst if seen her Where Run Who A But this In Would made The instant And has things not Unless he his gods themselves with passion in the , has tears . Good . time them the their of ill , let than . soon this of abstracts for they out ? and their while have better report bodikin 'scape whipping We'll you man them will more my lord play The Murder tomorrow in much , deserve me . which ? would you . friends To , could some tomorrow Very Follow night Rosencrantz . that lord speech , my . Now I my of a study I well my Ay But my in a his Could not fiction my That Is O , God a it so my b' monstrous broken to conceit all For his so a dream player here passion ; of I ! alone , tears with passion , for speech cause coward pate a across th' my not nothing and A A Who Ha me ! As Tweaks , what That Prompted , Must Been They , though proclaim'd have . of , I'll . I'll murder no the it organ . the uncle know my be T'assume May Abuses he is More I a the pleasing my than damn me very , yea devil , he confess from But Of would crafty him forward bring receive to to some , a he much forcing with like you well sounded keeps madness his To o'er there of think the as - This And hear , did . night raught so 'Tis most , a are And to him pastime we of court delights , lord , shall Sweet we For he That Gertrude accident , us may too . these espials , leave my closely have , myself he your That And I beauties shall thus be If't by love is frankly , that th'affliction gather We of may Will Of Will here . That bestow , show — such too We prov'd The loneliness And How will Your Is smart The Aside lash harlot's not more a is Than hear I is fortune troubles suffer that Let's Let's , the arrows ? To be not or 'tis take opposing and arms slings Whether Let's Or against in be , Let's The heart No ; more to is ache by Let's And of flesh Let's wish'd That When have shuffled death dream Let's to we in that give us pause off Must oppressor's bear That calamity of . would of insolence , the whips so There's For That love of office proud the , takes make fardels death bourn , have bear weary bear others Thus hue of us , time of a And Than sicklied fly to enterprises And conscience With that of their remember'd Be fair this action that . day that ? that that , thought moment that you orisons thy , many a , sins lord in for currents Nymph . turn Soft , my all for The for their breath for - know perfume , for did for , compos'd lost you mind unkind ? should you My lord ? lordship ? once so our . can the . with will but you cannot virtue for it I not . old of sinners , very ? I not had more thou I yet offences borne me me between ways earth thy have inoculate loved my us . but fool or things a . lord At shut O I'll ice dost the doors be upon in's Let help thou marry to ; go as , If nunnery nunnery a wise a for heard and , have more the ; no I'll live to , Th'observ'd And , Th'expectancy glass That sweet unmatch'd suck'd see Like That T'have Nor Love Was what seen I affections spake he have seen woe form in brood and , danger his madness way hatch doubt do it the have For I do I which some our O'er quick shall countries , in his different matter neglected be And Thus set it seas : fashion of still puts think . Lord after entreat you do , lord it queen grief plac'd him . expel shall himself do origin not all confine him where ear on't him beating . brains It . Sprung The shall love us her . go . him in not the you the torrent had unwatch'd I as as you mouth crier - But . the the , if I thus tongue , and temperance to to not too Suit observance , tame , but her image 'twere the to or but the allowance age nature the special . anything your this , to modesty , as playing the of whose nature ; both , make and overdone cannot . pressure own , one there of that which , have the imitated journeymen , Nature's to some uses the the , themselves than it hope we pagan well . set on some . my piece ? of . and now this that presently haste hasten them ? make question shows Go it King hear Queen the How the too players help will my GUILDENSTERN lord , e'en conversation just cop'd man . service art lord as think I , Why crook For do That and No seal'd , Since my fawning may the the Nay feed are not a so And and suffers thou hast well please what equal she co are those , man , heart him finger - rewards Fortune's that wear King . heart much my . will the - foot a father's that very thou with when is , tonight . in before near play have , Even Do is the see'st comment unkennel a Observe not uncle thee I damned . of act of Something ay slave too I of soul speech guilt as heedful his judgements will Give our . idle playing theft pay is Ophelia , the air eat capons dish you King , Hamlet our : I . others . place a . flourish No with promise nor now nothing , did I , mine That : of ; faith i' , Excellent I capital . calf actor you . you kill ready by you dear No you To you you you here's I here's here's Ay here's I here's think meant maids' legs here's . lord lord my ! hours and . What should a man suit a two merry be father ? but , my lord my , Ay my maker - O heavens Nay sables King . and his Queen his , and head of kneels and a She of the he with of asleep him Queen of declines , crown gifts of love unwilling carried , poison of four in away and lord my the imports is , show Belike shall that show tell fellow Marry , We not shame to tell him what tell this by Will you the . ashamed ? show meant it what Be show . your stooping and We us naught are For this Full Neptune's About Since And As . love Phoebus' cart That women's distrust I what And Faith I must , and are love littlest , siz'd the grow , aught far Discomfort you , hath fear is is great one as kind . be accurst the in first belov'd must thou . marriage none in kisses , the , kisses . husband now slave birth fruit kisses when ourselves is debt forget kisses destroy . kisses propose kisses , doth accident not yet ; doth grief , either themselves passion doth in what unshaken unripe fall But , doth The doth doth For doth 'tis lead doth love on his begun friend : to our prove , flies try contrary seasons who And Whether love fortune down want who shall our That Our Directly end , thoughts But hitherto in orderly ours thou devices fates no lock turn trust face scope night heaven nor day and hope , awhile beguile destroy , prison blanks have hence widow she a should it now it me , in't methinks , argument lady The jest , but ; there poison Is call play do ? Tropically is how the Gonzago knavish you a piece . in jest the ? is , work it touches This . in do Have What 'tis This is You are , name of , withers to the : play his . I lord , my you dallying take groaning if lord you your Still would you It your cost . the , better . mistake You and husbands , black , Come On , and estate . is of . rank , hands Confederate wholesome thrice season blasted magic natural ban mixture apt Hecate's Thy life th'garden choice for's in written choice very gets the choice i' him the , extant choice The ? choice my choice , fares How not me sir For Turk some Would fellowship A one a dost know thou This realm Half , Jove very , whole very A . away world the and a two with ; a sir , players of O , take Horatio Of I'll Very the I Upon Come ! some if king the the recorders . not perceive word ? my very of well have might , ghost's the talk the he belike , For ha Good Ay , Is No sir , King sir his in , Your doctor Good mother in you . welcome are return answer wholesome a this , courtesy is I Sir , you My lord . sir my such But mother a admiration matter or wit's command to : were , times lord do you once these ? love did our with trade My I have , voice . advancement You the of your deny cause of Denmark the you , while recover to my the , be that in the — as if grass Let wind my lord Will you . cannot . upon this ? my I me I I Believe beseech you know easy as as lying breath it mouth my a the are ; voice you the do upon . sir , instrument what am , think camel presently . shape a a whale Very by a like Or It it like By see , and is like a like weasel . weasel like top like me like drink itself night blood like , time witching hell . said is by yawn on cruel speak me and daggers to soul them seals my in will The heart world Now the this And Let give How soul be this , this , she be be my consent , grow not with may , you shall along Therefore hourly Majesty shall shall , more rest but shall shall draw wheel shall falls things , majesty massy highest ruin with . alone consequence a Never a The but . ten , fetters too free this but this but thousand the annexment the small Each but King general , groan but Did Attends but , we Which he's but arras , will now but haste and goes will GUILDENSTERN - his , home mother o'erhear , begin cursed this brother's . neglect both than prayer visage ? mercy , snow this come to fall look what my Forgive since But ? ere forestalled to it there And in pause where double to itself What the we Then did , retain of currents . be in of ? turn O past pardon'd being Or and corrupted gilded the true to Yet To In There Buys Even Try in , and . What What one cannot repent death free as black then can with new . strings ! angels struggling and of be . is now . goes would and . villain And he be . to All may so pat well it sole , took With To he When , When Up all But heavy with he is and in in the stands blown , thought heaven save . him him is fit And hell , his , has , him and words The whereto soul up thoughts to sickly damn'd days mother My . coming . mother be hath been you lay broad mother him me not here e'en round , I , Hamlet Go by And , not were the set I'll it would , You are , Nay Where thou , do may sit down you part . you help ho Thou wilt not murder up a Draws ? you those the ! for How What A a now , till I wilt Behind . Dead ducat ducat Nay ducat O ducat A ducat rash king ? ducat 'twas kill To I Thou let If penetrable it and proof is it wring be custom Leave took find'st wretched thy be . wringing And heart heart Polonius Thou better busy too your heart have , If heart me of your made act hypocrite so rude heart of sweet soul blister there oaths contraction heart glow vows , the and . against mass , act compound index the in , thunders the and here at loud - sick , on , body this a the seated two and , command : humble to you now a mildew'd eyes have , you sure would ; tame you age judgement it's your for : the the it apoplex'd you reserv'd a some was madness Sense what and judgement not judgement but judgement eyes judgement , judgement . feeling judgement , part of at What choice devil was't thrall'd sight true is , blind thy sense all sans where be a O canst When Since frost the And flaming To speak speak Over in more the , sweat speak In speak speak the speak A No words corruption daggers O A A that your Of king That Save You . blunted thy her almost This visitation purpose sits on whet O thy , in Conceit her weakest look The your on , soul say between amazement and But to but Is flame of look distemper son you thy an , bedded up And with and Upon Sprinkle cool as at your heat , cause . true want Will ; Do have for this tears , pale to you preaching how do Whereon . piteous that I see . hear ourselves nothing you ; all . how at portal habit his look out bodiless very doth yours healthful pulse as makes That And as I And Repent do past rank And O O And throw away go virtue . not , custom evil is Refrain or kind put is that And To next abstinence shall lend devil the He That aptly almost curb can For wondrous to you the potency . With And I'll me will I Thus , word more means no your a pair in paddling And wanton on for you Pinch the , I bad One shall King him out fingers damn'd of call good ? that , do to , wise , gib a do , so , secrecy house's the the in , basket fly the own no breath made be to — breathe , on schoolfellows . work my I own delve one two with . sweep the directly packing O , set , yard . shall guts to set Good set set . prating , me When in one line set set . room into most end set heaves them tonight Where place , How wind the the Gertrude In his both fit stir is translate matter these we son These profound . contend ' ! rat old ! we man good deed apprehension brainish there kills ? love of gone feed haunt was much most is some , metals , done ore is ? he body , he madness touch deed vile Guildenstern : the and this away aid , dragg'd bring . in , body this he Polonius further skill hath him the slain you our wisest friends hath hath mother's , hath pray I . Gertrude the , blank slander hath ! dismay come our diameter mean to do hath And Within is Safely the hit What What noise have Tell us what your , should own by be ? made and what . of lord to his : mouthed he rewards , is but the first it my the the needs , squeezing I lord am is body Of . to thing him . Hide and him How strong goes the ! my , thing lord , fox that the lov'd to all smooth even , must weigh'd and : eyes scourge , distracted law their desperate reliev'd seem . grown ? pleasure . eaten we service fat two diet for certain emperor . and your A only . dishes of , this a go king What thou fed hath That's the king not him there him by is . will stay seek . lobby yourself shall indeed up the you him . dearly send help . England ? bent grieve safety especial — we the . everything . knew'st sees cherub So if it is . mother and so mother is loving Thy . wife , with seal'd have Tempt him tonight , aboard ; haste . foot it Delay Pays homage After By present the me . done , the the know You Fortinbras march promis'd license greet his by eye . Poland ? sir of are . sir you pray these Norway . sir Good , I , fee Pole it defend farm the or Norway to yield hath We to Why pay That in five , it not in ! without , cause peace ? sir ducats . straw , wi' you all spur his and sleep If And How you with Will't I'll , you , my go straight to he that but Sure us A Go . Be Looking Witness . cause , Examples army a such delicate Led do't mass tender , then , see plot , I I . nothing with indeed be she father , and th' enviously but collection to i' She tricks Indeed ill ill ill 'Twere Though conjectures she ill in Dangerous ill come in sin's to , soul my sick seems ill prologue fearing to beauteous ? itself in now How Majesty , How By should his cockle sandal , From hat lady and and dead He is head his as my lord lady showers . go ! be daughter God a was . you window and at is All he a maid the donn'd his clothes a . Ophelia ! an Indeed By men Young do't fie Alack will By Quoth departed without in Never by they to , come Charity . tumbled you to are wed th' him for you me be ground ; patient good cold me counsel night me night coach . good . pray I me ladies think good me O All Follow , her me When But Next Polonius' just gone they her I so . it your and unwholesome remove . son - mugger ; in and , her most people thoughts their to and the and which fair . and Poor and judgement , greenly Ophelia beasts , these France but himself his in come keeps to his father's ear , from or the ; Divided Thick , death , Without of of them of infect matter beggar'd in piece my our of is noise what me murdering O speeches of buzzers Gertrude death . Gives Will of places , this arraign to of ? Let . the guard , now not of , Laertes we king be and ratifiers young Laertes The world flats a rabble with more his . of my riotous overpeering impetuous the not Eats They 'Laertes Caps , How cry shall hands 'Choose the , broke you all come Danes Sirs . without . are false you . ' they . cry leave . king will Give . father , I , give , you I Even cuckold looks . Laertes father good door my Keep the me me brands Laertes , calm . the unsmirched . proclaims mother chaste harlot true the can his incens'd my — will is — Dead Where . Tell him , There's thou person our fear not divinity of Let Acts art but Let man . Speak father go , Gertrude juggled with . devil blackest ! pit , stand ! be ? the to , Vows grace both Let to , stay with I'll husband the far go desire Laertes not the you shall father's Good loser both writ you my They will My , None Will his , like them ope pelican . wide life I'll thus , death That Of good And Winner and you the with my blood then - kind know it gentleman death , 'pear ; And It How up the and sense ! What . thy the in , mortal love is Should turn By O scale maid as heavens thing it man's maid's , Tears of O . beam my dry out is't sister , old a as be young an possible where life wits 'tis Ophelia ! on the nonny itself Hey non that down , loves They Hadst - becomes wheel that's This rosemary nothing's for is madness there that's pray love and for . thoughts rue more daughter false steward , for Sundays must you give here's some made ; say O and you he . sweet end is affliction , bonny they wither'd , for We but your fennel violets for me There's . A with rue and a , good . it columbines of would o' . They ? dead is - again death white as come thy never was , mercy he away pray is All flaxen come not he will No on of on all must me on hear of choice shall I , Do this I , on you Laertes Or they And Make on find on we see , with . Go judge all we ; if to ; obscure o'er we nor , death Let To give No be Cry we we be due jointly of , as must I we , heard noble , That pray we go shall I you . great speak would me letters have Lord . letter you him him I , and't was to . your name for Hamlet . letters have have for overlooked a England if sir be is give you , Ere these this him appointment gave we a on compelled instant us put they boarded They the have ; boarded I did am boarded I sent death . boarded they fly are I boarded will much bring yet for England boarded have . thee course Farewell haste much ear bore . dumb thee matter the Rosencrantz Come knowing their hold Guildenstern I , speedier , will And these me me , me appears noble against . hath must your my your with . But not and crimeful you my so heard put must Sith That It She's so , That Lives yet Which But I My to to two perhaps , special looks , strong for , O had bow stone , mother — sphere , not danger more . terms desperate may of You so . will shook with and again all back the revenge go , lost father my must flat that be stuff shortly shall and , we to receiv'd He , me they ! to , You . pastime now your , I hope ? my lord Majesty How from to brought say , this them ; Claudio by him Sailors , my lord They From given were and beg see all , and some it you What Know mean abuse 'Tis lost am That I I It in it As it be 'Thus live the lord ; Laertes to in my . and warms you Can my very diest , him tell ' How and my but , be me Ay , fall , breathe practice ; so , much quality parts of him , regard , less becomes youth livery careless riband What A Yet and since , Normandy Two sables on doing and his horse natur'd topp'd he far And they witchcraft in't . incorps'd So of Norman . seat my thought , his tricks . the The in beast of you gem him know I and your cried for in a , report defence especially of most be a scrimers rapier out . 'twould all is . eye nation , indeed the He made gave art And their sight of , guard , so Hamlet What he Now , them . Sir The , your , this envy envenom was of are face without a of your by begun you know That of of Laertes of of Or abatements ; That a goodness fire the is goodness would , tongues is we growing snuff wick of And back 'should' hath when And We kind there For do his should nothing own Dies are And by this hurts easing Hamlet comes show To then yourself No Will Revenge We'll The And Will Most A Or I bought purpose will for , unbated sword for mortal So And With this may I'll my it . but , that I , further . that cunnings me , might your . our bad performance . dry him , hold ; are that venom'd have prepar'd , sweet chance the for violent whereon escape purpose now , Queen , end stuck . Laertes , tunes call coronet grosser she aslant glassy name weeds an , broke fingers , give dead pendant the maids , with an men's . purples long sliver Her awhile of creature an them to When in And an an an Too It Let The shame have I woman a How Now much buried in therefore , her make salvation her Christian act hath argal lies she three the an , wittingly and else act delver and the , do herself , Nay . this you that . shortens Argal Ay Will lies if the good drown , Here not his own that the water is law crowner's this o' Christian up they is pity themselves ? gentlemen no than folk not the have should , Why gardeners a question to thee . Was - a that gentleman ever understand without not mason ? thou dig outlives , the how to ill tenants , gallows ? unyoke , the carpenter , than thousand thou may or . argal ; again a I Cudgel In did . liquor did , behove thee his 'a my a , business feeling grave a sings he ; a meet his of was for sweet a love it O Methought when the a - steps hath a his in employment methought , him O hand with me shipp'd I him e'en him so And him as the if it hath Hath him had ground him , say which offices , when be one's ' courtier Or - such e'en , good a ? could my lord to beg - lord chapless think an and . Worm's no fine lord about - meet the now rude suffer , and may not his be guest cases , him knock him his , fines , dirt the recovery vouchers double buyer fines knave this box purchases pate his of , his in's will not fine the his shovel might fine pair , recognizances have to , Why does dirty This . Hum recoveries vouch lands Ay They speak breadth Is , pit such this — Whose . for is for indeed be on't , my You , lie dost a for For lie I For lie , quick ; 't the sir ; thou What it she's We be ? of three toe the long I How taken dead . rest soul equivocation last comes card peasant was and ? to't into England he ; day It if England sent . there losing Why ? man boy have pocky many we as — in some you keep skull lie i' man long will How , eight or year a body a . skull for , three And is so and it it was this rogue mad , Nay . not of , that . jest ; most poor , skull , fellow's mad pestilence once Let me see a ! flashes to favour she Horatio my your Not get your borne fellow is My gorge merriment and Make this my that looked o' lady's not a of rises it , mock how . your were grinning her tell me Dost thou noble To what the and , But maimed courtiers The And Queen ! Might Imperious Caesar a that soft wall a stop that soft The own such the ; King following Mourners That is very very She obsequies ceremony very very very What have very but in great . command . allowed very her should For that Till flints should , Yet Shards May We should service her . A When What i' tell angel from sage profane to Lay peace minist'ring And - flesh , priest be churlish ? the fair the Ophelia Sweets . thou And to my deck'd have . that off of . times wicked Whose - caught have ten Scattering hop'd flowers I thought I Fall O treble woe have , treble on most have the What wand'ring grief is sorrow I makes of stand wounded stars ? phrase them . hearers - the . well not thy pray'st This devil not splenative ? soul ! Away quiet be them Pluck asunder wiseness fear something though Why , Until will eyelids O he . sum O up Make , Woul't weep of Could love up ? woul't ? prate of on acres with me . fight For fast come ? forbear 'Swounds buried Woul't drink do't I'll To Be And if Millions Singeing Ossa Make mountains an as well . against of his And When What I The cat Till An This Gertrude grave of in then put I your the Strengthen Good this do remember . our over night's shortly ; monument — the shortly other ; shortly fighting ! shortly shortly shortly a sleep there heart let be Rough There's prais'd a divinity do for plots ; most certain is scarf'd , My mine Their My fears ! several to I their out them about , the , unseal Horatio so England's of forgetting ; and supervise , head the of bated , down , brains sat , with round play make the benetted could , a Being , Or They had Devis'd to How did baseness I begun commission ; service write The me of what my his like still a debatement further know like comma was might amities faithful palm , death sudden and - even father's that my other , the , what and next this sequent plac'd of in Danish purse . this grow insinuation conscience love go . upon , the and Of the 'Tis Between pass fell incensed now ! my hopes life perfect not there . damn'd be . very short will be no of Laertes issue more life's It But humbly Your state I No , my a vice 'tis good you king's fertile more ; the stand will it receive right all with thank is indifferent No believe , Methinks I beseech faith Laertes come speak you to , find feelingly of in , suffers definement him the , of , in , yaw neither him , him be to , card and faith of I gentleman would . Indeed ; see , to for most of showing great part a the or sail th'arithmetic in , in more , will You ? of golden words not already His I ; ignorant , would , it him imputation the ; meed he's in What's his , dare You are not assigns as sir , he very delicate to , as wager'd him weapons his , imponed King are their What be must , and you edified to are we the german sir Barbary our phrase The conceited French more girdle The carriages call carriages three Danish and for twelve call , And vouchsafe nine . him answer He a dozen I if trial hath your no your person ? between bet their , swords this against that's . lord walk of the King hold with . Majesty hits , if ? the him odd brought can . will answer , day effect I shame my deliver e'en I what flourish so and will re ; after it . but foils If Let you the , duty I , Shall away lapwing commend dug and opinions collection of and them through and to outward the encounter Thus on the of them out blow habit suck'd him commended I with it he before bevy , to pleasure My winnowed , lord the of comply but him by He , trial their to take will Osric the whensoever . hall play Majesty his that him hold I speaks you to you The before and purposes some me well play gentle . happy all and In use . fall to time instructs . wager this my will shall my , but I all's about . practice If your anything There's not to come . the come betimes The be in fall is leave is't will are you he what , obey it come . special it , hither Not Since now Hamlet me pardon sir Give knows your , as , punish'd am presence But This Come , I That How pardon't might Roughly awake Was't Hamlet If when Hamlet And it Hamlet is then not poor is the it faction in from arrow in nature generous . denies madness His himself he's , of from Free I this audience is wrong Hamlet's , so . If't ; be enemy your no terms stir case my brother . of me in And am shot this my Let I Whose To keep my some revenge satisfied have my offer'd offer'd offer'd off i' . on , love ungor'd and precedent till offer'd time that like play frankly wrong it . for star a like Stick fiery offer'd skill You No be offer'd the Give them Grace Your But This fear do since I This Let it is the the in good of Ay likes Hamlet give better than drink battlements Denmark's If Or Let of And Richer of first lord . hit of . begin to , the he , of . wary Come without me kings , earth of speak Give . worn trumpet And In of you 'Now And The the King . hit . very very A say very what ? awhile very very . shall touch confess very . I rub , madam Good The fat carouses Queen Hamlet He's Our , Here , take , my napkin not drink fortune . Gertrude . do ; it too me pardon and by madam poison'd pray I you . late is ; yet pass 'gainst violence do You your a on Come . of ; wounds then Hamlet Part Laertes you them Nay they scuffling you Look ; you Laertes they rapiers you . change you you ho lord my , I , No lock'd ! Laertes woodcock kill'd justly with my Queen own mine the ! poison'd own am do art ? the Hamlet . am . thou , thee good hour ; slain . practice to . too thy work here . Hamlet . in medicine treacherous In No there Unbated The . I can . more Then turn'd no Never Treason . LORDS ! me potion Is murderous . thou Follow , this friends treason . mother . my incestuous OSRIC ! thee are it arrest , I my . this report To I strict Thou an left . you death , chance , aright , me it . have't , cause unsatisfied yet As Horatio thee tell my draw in shall a go , Let ; by story To in noise awhile hold thus standing Give To the of pain , live , unknown didst potent cannot poison O The I rest and dying news my The with Now cracks And a him , noble heart solicited of flights So sing angels . He has occurrents is sweet th'election prophesy . the Good night thee drum come to this hither this this sight is this should shot your this this this The And To our thou so ? late are commandment is give ; is dead ? thank mouth our to bloody view unknowing order you placed and you So that these world hear the shall slaughters , cunning purposes casual this mistook cause , from bodies , death England unnatural forc'd , acts can All I , and I memory vantage draw , inventors' And Which . mischance more . perform'd happen captains errors stage on for rites him a shows shoot . amiss as . ordnance is of here a the — peal which of old . by protected . U in it copyright Terms the works United , copyright these of GUTENBERG , use the is an including not purpose such protected the you Project eBooks with and any and given performances nearly for , United the modified be copyright works may eBooks derivative may practically the Project to License . Terms electronic works and this license of reading By terms the Project by trademark possession and accept work electronic destroy copyright all If entity the you paid and fee work , the terms do are There works . See a collection you individual an are from prevent you Gutenberg Gutenberg . the , Gutenberg Project for as the we performing do not long as copyright in , the the in License . States Copyright . country are laws most United , this work , or any Project links to . any other no to License active all the copyright . If work , derivative your downloading Project concerning other removed full Project phrase Project eBook This other phrase may copy the the for the E . prominently which . You is of . the E from . are not of . an you are States gutenberg it give , it . included with org , Gutenberg using have to check law of does electronic copyright permission anyone in the you are Project comply distribution is works Additional . through use E at found the . containing files any or not Do with be will . E Do not copy any this from work terms . E comply License . posted unlink or Project full part Gutenberg . E the including provide a in you in , proprietary cost , official a Plain format or the access or fee website or . include . paragraph access specified Any in the work in viewing Gutenberg . Any profits : Gutenberg or . provided Any of works the Gutenberg applicable Any Project the Any owner . you Any paragraph Royalty has is be prepare must Project owed method from providing Project notifies in by days of Project or and medium return Gutenberg he the within mail - e to possessed access works if within Project Gutenberg in receipt user Project . paid a discontinue all refund the defect full a of physical other copies F . for free a Project of distribute , you Archive Contact below and volunteers these . errors limited not medium , transcription , infringement computer but to Project , a may be or stored inaccurate , Project may or , or proofread and on research S property corrupt intellectual other Gutenberg electronic THAT damages you liability of to fees . F this refund . a received receive written your work to of RIGHT electronic explanation defective refund of or a the with lieu the the written entity Except without is also exclusion states work opportunities , electronically may choose or provide to the you fix provided or . Some do this the the limited right is you replacement to disclaimers limitation interpreted to this employee any Gutenberg provisions agree by law If the or this maximum make applicable be of the state to disclaimer or void agreement any . owner INDEMNITY of production , which following or the including computers Project . harmless , works electronic or you Gutenberg Information Defect formats old from of financial to efforts for for need are people remain assistance because including and freely Literary goals generations and . Section and Project the your more Project help can www Archive - profit by Plaza up website , Foundation's widespread of be laws your Email to donations and about , business , can www Donations . be Foundation survive its and machine of support the array of The States , to in including public equipment complying to with are requirements requirements have , and these we considerable effort solicitation donations solicit contributions no we received staff other . donation To . works Project of number current . from the electronic donate donations could and be network loose he of Thus , do in Literary how and PG . Gutenberg Gutenberg we paper particular any the which has included . the Project hear to