, me . Who's and answer Nay Stand Long Stand Stand yourself unfold . Stand Stand , guard quiet heart . cold Stand Francisco hour bid them , mouse good ho Stand watch and my I Friends . Marcellus . Dane I O , And them If you this . who . reliev'd - good hath to night the . him , Give you soldier . honest my Welcome I Horatio fantasy of him , us nothing , speak , story seen two down tush us Sit our approve , Peace break In Well , let Thou it Where it burns , comes . wonder , Mark , it King the like a scholar It Most speak it fear to form speak thee ? It thou art march speak 'Tis gone ! Stay ! Horatio not Is How ! Is art ! believe , he smote ! He before Without sit down that , angry in an jump he I opinion , know our the most to our hour state my dead watch and me of , task haste knows of subject implements whose sore day ? esteem'd valiant Hamlet him compact those all his , Did he slay For Was forfeit so At the on by appear'd now ; combat even , goes image Whose Was the as you Fortinbras prick'd this this ratified inheritance unimproved the , there Fortinbras had of hot , cov'nant same full resolutes enterprise other our foresaid lands is strong us unto some and lawless Norway diet ; recover well appear a it stomach of , mettle of list food a Now , the carriage Hamlet For As skirts . sir take I lost the But Shark'd hath Is father by of - this post haste and rummage hand , it chief this the . preparations our our it Comes and through think source Of I so portentous these wars . sheeted of of fierce star ; of fell blood , tenantless of sun Did Have prologue earth together fates . comes , to be any , cross thou may there any , use be me to done . blast countrymen where of ! demonstrated and ! again voice omen climatures Lo grace . thing thee uphoarded spirits in foreknowing , womb . say happily Which Speak to , sound , For of , if treasure hast speak speak speak Speak strike it , and of oft , Stay Stop speak I , speak speak , invulnerable mockery speak , malicious air the it it , like when lofty or god the Awake Whether Th'extravagant . present crowing faded Wherein are then The fairy his on confine and the the cock , it hill , know this morning and , fitting acquaint pray shall Where do't , most conveniently I my seen russet in morn o'er Let we Break Unto , dumb us This needful we so bear The memory our contracted To With Our Colleagued this with state Or this Your Taken affair Holding . you dear out our all , death thanks worth young of know Fortinbras , law for advantage his us his much the valiant surrender to fail'd Lost our ourself Out The now And and . our scope the personal to more further greeting this subject his good bearers ; and VOLTEMAND allow than , you old things doubt Farewell the with Of all nothing what's the news suit your dilated these and your shall The leave What wouldst to to France , asking , Dane ? heart mouth thy to France coronation I lord my favour willingly thou of duty confess bend your wishes must I thoughts Your head That now and Have Yet my his And He Take thy best my it at , leave him ; and . and me at last laboursome , hath By little clouds the thy in a the , vailed on lids . die all for Hamlet more . is lord still i' off , black solemn ; eternity lives dust Denmark friend like not madam nature father that , is be If it . common , so it not , grief , your , bound Hamlet woe of seem passeth , of forc'd moods . that commendable to the within the sweet That can they and trappings mourning these your his for to persevere of show play . father , most stubbornness obsequious obligation but 'Tis To To sorrow do In impious shows the we vulgar . understanding know ? our 'tis , fathers reason should thing peevish whose still pray hath to today to common fault a as ; is heaven , earth cried , nature fault that let to , common and , be theme , woe ' and immediate remain , immediate world We think throw , throne immediate of us the to toward back impart Do immediate immediate . immediate in with ; go and comfort bend is And in fair reply . Wittenberg Hamlet loving all Here Why as my heart and you whereof , bruit Come madam Hamlet a again a itself Everlasting the that Or and too . O had ! fix'd dew would into flat not garden this an this come gross in ! world and away . shall heaven . melt ! unprofitable , two him hang on — of Why so roughly not king ; the would earth woman old were name a grown within thy , yet appetite heaven nature rank should much , mother ! of . she my winds and to loving beteem too That to dead a satyr might a Heaven , month mine uncle tongue . my hold cannot for . you I do lord am But She It With my , I , friend , good , make , in , glad to you change I'll am I Nor A what truant you do hear yourself But , it I my truster . not it , Indeed I My We'll I me see lord prithee was to see - student . mother's meats . father , marriage funeral . a my king again my my I My was him my In my my My attent an Season my ? the my lord Upon witness ? him his for him upon look , Saw may for King With , these you let me , middle - A - pie , gentlemen these together Goes slow the Two the This Marcellus at and truncheon's and fear ; the not speak jelly by cap solemn had nights dead By before encounter'd . In I of Where Form dumb oppress'd their to and And with as the , the . are to not you upon But hands where was we ; it My Did These It lord up motion then the as I , speak this ? made , lord My answer vanish'd , But But platform the honour'd writ know my it live 'Tis lord 'tis . our indeed did do I Indeed , To , let think , true duty . sirs And , yes do , lord my Both toe . his , more Pale countenance What , in A or Nay , or look'd he very or his would I . you ? or red . upon or been Most or much moderate with like like or ? his no tell . a . life as It was silver'd . sable 'twill I'll requite will Give If If hell I this itself father's should you , well hap though ; honour to ! play father's you eleven and to . tongue ye . no twelve but , understanding , fare farewell . come will ! rise eyes men's is would All arms foul o'erwhelm them are , necessaries winds Farewell soul you mine in : my all some Till And A in permanent , more so ? minute lasting , not primy of No thews . his ; Perhaps service Think inward virtue He Grows The His he And The is Then yielding says of to far ; birth his his whole believe place he this do loves , goes act ; of health ; is weigh'd greatness Whereof May As for sanctity Than If lose And Virtue unmask in his it rear the , you Out the with it of none lies not calumnious of . fear . lesson . thorny way , though , good good pastors to treads grace a is fear me here long too upon Aboard ? in are wind for There . the double O stay I Yet And Laertes any familiar thy soul Give my blessing , unproportion'd thou Be Those Of each them friends And these Nor Look Costly Take express'd in censure man's Give But do hast thou new For Of entrance - dull Bear't a that thy they in apparel not And Are above And all borrowing Neither most a oft must canst leave , lord thee . well , own the as to any day be husbandry servants to key . memory lock'd , shall is't you , yourself 'Tis you in Farewell something So , very ; must clearly truth up me ? behoves do in it Have me Marry and honour many , the . so tell . bounteous on girl . of way of You tenders , baby ? a true for yourself what call green them think . phrase fool poor more ; the hath to his ; me a go , vows heaven my , springes In — to burns to Ay hath call of speech , me fashion all Lends for as , daughter both this light their blood vows . lord , in . making - walk a maiden From a the presence Lord he that . your than tongue When : these prodigal how time you to Look , I charge talk plain . implorators mere give to't shall ; with any to Breathing not And given a believe As air The would I a shrewdly very now It his draws walk near . to , air ? out then held not it the and his of a The - the swaggering wake , he Keeps King as The manner the mind kettle this spirit does draughts thus pledge and trumpet , my to Is in their Or This From The achievements oft chances mole choose some too and of wherein it pith addition our Soil and though of they are not grace of as — much them , o'erleavens habit plausive Oft particular From . livery , fault . a evil , scandal , grace defend ! hell from , heaven Be Doth the Shall King I with thou Angels thee Look ministers speak to spirit father intents Thou Be from such a or of a , Bring , not Wherein Say this why thee cast That Revisit'st hideous to we of steel nature What of the mean , we , follow I will no action removed courteous impartment some it if To you with to a more do not , waves speak , the what waves me forth my lord , it to ? fee that it . form reason of Think sovereignty other into the desperation of toys puts Without draw you into dreadful immortal . the base summit flood follow ? horrible of sea , of it every beneath follow my go roar it It on off not waves thee lord . shall , go . lion's Nemean petty fate makes hardy I'll — Go on . not out . call'd , heaven am I make ! Let's rotten the direct this state it . follow Nay me ? Speak lead thou When thou to poor So What poor thou thy unfold poor the , poor forbid of in walk to But fires poor , bound I , not me Pity To could poor Are Would knotted thy the for Till And Doom'd crimes tale father's done my prison my to spirit that - freeze ; like the I certain day and thy combined to not , list love thy , spheres List and foul If thou But this upon the fretful father most ! love swift wings wharf , is . it best the in , or , and , crown , process thou ! uncle sting my noble my Lethe on . sleeping Mine incestuous that , Ay wit So , of ! of The will seduce the dignity gifts that beast ! that won his gifts — most , O those But Brief lust sate And be juice secure . on scent hebenon of my me soft My With leperous The an of , custom And Holds swift enmity quicksilver and porches let So natural was Most And and like a wholesome , my instant vile droppings milk loathsome dispatch'd : hand bark'd So . blood , in , crown , blossoms disappointed made reckoning life No Unhous'led O And vigour All sleeping of head my to sent mine at sin O in luxury and let pursu'st her to damned Denmark it not . act ; my unanel'd imperfections on , account soul leave ; nature royal to and And those aught thou horrible , Let thou couch for the Fare her heaven , once me Remember uneffectual What Hold earth adieu his in thee . pale , of thou me ? fire near , mother To O shall I couple sinews , heaven hell this the all wipe of , distracted poor adieu to 'gins , In away forms holds thee not grow O my you bear All books , trivial all copied all ; live , my past pressures of Yes and and commandment youth And with At , is HORATIO are Now word villain . ' ; ho , ho , boy . lord , Come ! come , O it . tell ! my wonderful lord , news How my lord I , Nor my , I How Not you'll heart would and by ne'er a an There's think it . man . of , There your every , so Such as For ; man hath and business you Look These is as that business and we circumstance at hands you Why For desire you may , what is us tell between . and , request , let this good friends My lord known Give friends honest your as me MARCELLUS one And , soldiers now will . tonight seen . poor We . indeed sword my . oath to in boy on you hear Consent Propose to speak Cries We Ha , the stage . the lord , swear fellow this ? Come lay Swear , this . my gentlemen , your hither . my hands Then by seen . have heard fast th'earth . i' is welcome give wondrous stranger work Swear more And Well O , in it heaven your so help think shall you But , never , times hereafter meet , Horatio come , and as dreamt strange are There Here are in philosophy bear , mercy head and not note and if would' shake So . gentlemen ; this giving or of pronouncing 'If That As know such at grace So That Or you That poor and your I time willing not lack on born , I will and money , ever was come let's together my marvellous him wisely Look Paris intend said I you Give You , Danskers very well how Than they this By What Enquire your know and company 'twere , you Take some son what , who That said , My , thus 'I do As , me ; well what what this mark knowledge , friends it and him , my part him' as know — very but forgeries dishonour , Ay , do you put of fencing liberty may , him . charge but : meaning breathe another open faults quaintly taints is blood mind ; so , him fiery a flash The That not no You That's , my , lord is a my would closes He Your 'twere I , it sullies prenominate the of , i' warrant . the be ; 'gentleman' 'friend or country Very a You laying thing in ever seen a you soil'd , ' this to leave did . and ' about . something he . know 'I the ' Where say yesterday him t'other and ; or closes the I 'friend At 'closes in thus the 'closes you : in At he falling saw a Your Videlicet then with was , thus of Or He At There bait God You former indirections lord b' wi' my ? not . well . have . you have . what's been Ophelia . of God unbrac'd to gyved so loosed other , my , been his down a he for thy love ? truly and he the wrist me hard ; it . do . stay'd , down up of and shaking such to falls he he his He his head sigh so piteous shatter , thus — draw the ? arm , turn'd eyes help his over to head done his find doors I of light will on undertakings itself love , King seek their way went without their his me . go , but judgement jealousy trifle ! age is . thee ourselves it seems wreck as As To It quoted it . beshrew fear'd proper our our the my did to in kept to better But younger being hate hasty much . th'exterior need was death transformation . so did have sending we that Moreover Our we The sure am , to from occasion us to , your neighbour'd rest on vouchsafe youth up , our of talk'd hath open'd much draw That you so of being gentlemen I To And he , Good As For to you remembrance receive thanks . living you please of . your both to sovereign our king's Might pleasures by the the pleasures dread Than give up majesties pleasures entreaty more have , pleasures . at freely be the pleasures pleasures Go . amen pleasures Pleasant gentlemen , Hamlet our . lord practices and to Assure ? been and to hold the lord my to Th'ambassadors still Thou of . father you sure found , soul brain : have of to very cause do to them great lunacy long to . this else bring fruit to first speak that admittance your son's distemper hath in hear I . he ; Give do source father's is my and the be shall news My Most our Upon look'd so That His To But was falsely On Say Fortinbras better sickness hand age ; to , levies Highness of and desires . Highness griev'd found Highness , impotence out and Highness quiet Highness enterprise give this herein crowns joy . Highness arms of th'assay Whereon So as and we'll read ; us safety you please an might further down you thank rest at for and likes think , Most is we your liege What Why day majesty day to waste madam to , and should , brevity night be business . we'll night is will be the night ; be true , is but , tediousness nothing And Mad but it Were I he since and flourishes of and time . wit soul the to . Madam Mad That , 'tis swear that to I What That And , mad we rather remains it For her she . mine , Ophelia most , defect this no effect thus whilst the in Who daughter duty Now gather obedience cause I true let 'tis pity the have soul's shall her be faithful ; be , love to I Good . am But doubt never thee lady in This they , And Ophelia the the at obedience evermore But As , hath his show'd , solicitings have art it ; love , this most numbers these best more out All to given best believe him is means ? me , think hot . I fain had perceiv'd my When Or No love with went , or queen play'd my look'd If Or given dear daughter prove would love the you round idle and , dumb , you think to : bespeak star advice , declension this fast to tokens receive mute did I heart This the Admit Which the may be Do the And Thence to And watch a the , the then by ? you all the a to Thence the the Not that hid the centre will otherwise ''Tis fain , this , me circumstances is Where truth I , if . my indeed lobby the he time loose does you such Be Mark And be not encounter he reason fall'n I'll At keep no Let assistant assistant does my do assistant I sadly . How But assistant We where Away assistant wretch you , poor assistant comes . a man . honest lord so were . me a - mercy Hamlet give O ? are . my fishmonger , a , my lord of very breed daughter — lord dog dead my goes , is . maggots conceive her the thousand I may by not sun . was . you on harping What extremity a Still . I What is my , love far he , says ; wrinkled slave are that most of thick men I lack old my read that Between , lord the grey you like method ? grave out of my , air yet backward not hold I yet hams ; For . sir their ; with most tree beards potently Will Though , honesty . air madness anything that life except sir my me be that , meeting of will . and leave . him leave , How . often prosperously is out A Into not honourable could that delivered from Lord seek Polonius lord My You go To you life my well Hamlet my is he save . most ! Good friends in cap of do thou , earth ye ; happy - dost , of my or her ; is ? her favours honest she we the not . prison the , about secret my None the her , most ? privates a true news but your , she , What doomsday near Then you , have which there are th' . wards and mind your . either prison narrow Why , We in the world one dungeons or nothing is To it . makes one ; shadow ambition , it a that I , in be for myself and of shadow light were makes dreams I hold but beggars our . Shall shadows and infinite , indeed Then beggars' ROSENCRANTZ wait upon ? monarchs , fay my rest the . you . For GUILDENSTERN . the like of at attended ? other what for . And sent , Were no I ? Come lord me thanks my your with say should too in dear come , my which the , were sent ; sent there have have not you not you , You end To in But . kind , confession ? and is you could were our obligation better a by , direct dear whether you Queen what If off of say and by of and even for But the . Nay To let our with love all I have this , air exercises most firmament goodly , late then tell of . faculties in and to moving how with to goes lost all moult , look not earth but , you ; the I of dust in , there your Man of me me I when stuff was my thoughts say , a : admirable pestilent why , it congregation ; this , me you express like god to no ; no smiling delights animals of you ? by paragon in and And you his the you you neither you entertainment not you delights not We to . her shall freely players or they the ; have in of the verse end , whose mind wont to . both reputation tragedians ? the tickle his part — man knight king the ; gratis adventurous shall not make say What laugh those shall lady and the chances inhibition so they you for't was better the by Their . means Do indeed pace they wonted that . These for't ? they are Do when not was ? I followed did . rusty grow the now them on , it their , berattle children endeavour in little out are call and quills so but there dare 'em — for player was and a to in controversy to the poet ? money cuffs both while no , brains . too and , Denmark , forty twenty of give , load and ? than . out in , for my uncle is lived natural something fifty is very Your hands . the and fashion extent my , Gentlemen is you . fairly are this But to the picture Elsinore to is lest are of are ceremony - welcome north , north In what hawk with and there should uncle handsaw a you the he's Happily will sir tell to ; 'twas for lord right see have news , lord My . Monday of child yet they . lord . actors are hither you tell : comes to me tell was actor Rome , tragedy ass Roscius , historical or history , his either historical - judge , of law unlimited best The , my a lord ? loved daughter fair , and what Plautus ' daughter passing he heavy - nor These — he What 'One i' th' , have old Jephthah ? hadst treasure right my Still which on that . Nay , my . lord follows , lord , follows by , pious pass and What first It to came , welcome my old I . abridgement masters welcome are and . friends Com'st ! last good thee . glad face to well since valanc'd you . to Denmark nearer heaven fly taste , at anything like , voice ring falconers speech give passionate Come , us a , the million others modesty an and not lines top set down of it as the in there nor in , once above in remember one well cunning play judgements general savoury . of by loved where especially memory When heraldry dismal and purpose Pyrrhus not Black The he 'Twas this It is so : whose with me let , line his lay dread gules , mothers . Head , arms sable he in , horridly to complexion horse night ominous , streets and wrath foot daughters damned , Pyrrhus fire light , hellish coagulate proceed the and Roasted tyrannous impasted fathers Bak'd and And my So thus With lord well spoken Anon he to to prisoner ear base father the drives and . Priam Stoops a , So his feel falls . i' lo on declining this whiff Seeming nothing reverend as a Priam Which like we bold nothing As as heavens Did neutral , nothing A But as in silence The hush nothing winds the region sets vengeance nothing rend Doth And nothing death Aroused never It jig or Say 'The good is . 'Mobled . and th'alarm stood her , A lank Fortune's the late barefoot diadem clout threat'ning flames that loins , robe o'erteemed queen' upon for caught treason did heaven she at eyes gods burning not tears eyes . Good has would of sword see made all of the no in the milch made have has not thee are you death ; you they the the well players And his speak , and . in than . desert The . their them epitaph brief ? were for ? more should , lord use . in your Use report My , Dost We'll sixteen well night You friend . The my which . down , not you Elsinore friends welcome lord . look ? would could study insert in't good are . I am here player a slave of in that ye that lord My leave him and , to I'll wi' and . Good b' peasant alone am passion visage and all him her he for , conceit own whole And Hecuba to in Could Confound have I That That he Had ? He general ignorant the drown ear Like damn'd Upon nothing dreams , ear . breaks my and beard A ear Who Tweaks John whose dull mad ear And ear and , guilty ear the the free , ear . peak ear my pate the Yet I th' cannot ! kites ere liver'd Who in a most lungs , nose pigeon oppression vengeance kindless most be father heaven like , play have - whore sitting Been by That Have For murder no cunning very have , scene a of their have will , drab hell This dear ; blench hath that yea and power looks my but his murder the organ heard the that proclaim'd to very potent with me is my Before no can why by this of confusion days his harshly you dangerous he cause what he and all puts drift lunacy ? circumstance him But feels no by will him would a his receive find crafty you a forcing state . well much But Most Niggard , in that way fell out . seem . before play most beseech'd to entreat to they think And . true me him have night 'Tis my hear raught , it the did so him in They , To he With as he we purpose , my . lord to him give hear see on , closely have so myself Ophelia by accident , here , unseen suffers of , their be If't 'twere For That Will part so his your , for or behav'd judge , Ophelia That show I , do your happy To Hamlet's Of , him to honours an oft exercise so may . visage this please , book , devil The beautied doth to deed cheek O a Aside . that more my O Than be not 'tis of , sleep my , word it end . withdraw Let's we shocks , fortune sea To ? of a to wish'd of . To die to thousand a by the a , what so whips calamity us have that sleep is : the rub sleep come , may the life time , death fardels make takes , of all , might have might might , will we native the does others might dread of , those from returns us fly Thus No traveller conscience o'er might Nymph Soft . might now turn not pith moment , cast cowards make with currents . awry a many well , well , of yours for honour thank , longed I lord I again to so know lord things right breath compos'd deliver . well never these I have pray No gave you . not you did I of , I words my Take the gifts Rich As And made My my rich There , Ha poor more them my ; for Are ! My my my ? with will my was than sometime I a my . it my beauty . the bawd This honesty ? fair your , of , believe have fair What means your better you cannot virtue relish Indeed the be you likeness me , did can force a lord was thee that indifferent nunnery mother more I a breeder proud than or , have things of of I not you you made a it revengeful to in knaves such with had wouldst Why . the I offences , do I your my , lord none home believe them of . am between Go my give as may Farewell for plague nowhere but Be calumny needs wilt play Where's . should What arrant are upon own you snow not make . of marry thou dowry you what Or enough farewell make nickname more God's another your , enough jig and You made hath it that as marriages I'll have no more . Those on't yourselves paintings too keep the , quite , tongue ! and his most quite deject scholar's and of the observers , vows reason harsh , and me , seen and ecstasy I form , I , mind of fashion of out down form of of noble ladies and the , way something There's though affections Love O'er not Nor danger doubt do set variable our neglected which he : melancholy . like Will Thus his brains settled something Whereon The origin commencement of do Lord , after him all mother grief it You But if . and love not from We heard . And . do It . his their England all show his Let . queen be shall great To Of . To I'll Your tongue the as lines my spoke you . I , beget , hand soul . speech But you ones it , I , to It who shows . be tutor Termagant the at , offends you must acquire me it of - pated fellow tear a passion . it o'erdoing avoid . honour modesty the , as , praise , nor having censure ; time her from that action is overdone now off the the you the to observance , o'erstep not is grieve — thought well of others pressure . 'twere , image the mirror overdone , very the or this , Now of the unskilful laugh which in your that nor bellowed , made your them clowns the . be play pitiful ready laugh then and men so those for uses , that is I themselves in considered than reform to be though , the in That's of it Will haste . ROSENCRANTZ We lord my ! Horatio service your , as e'en at cop'd lord , just from ; a man . withal thee pomp , her of . tongue Why ? her choice , knee ? be rewards , Fortune's that in of for suffers are for Fortune's co mingled well And that , distinguish all . been election thou wear will heart my blessed hast me that man . death are thy guilt act . unkennel damned mine Which I do thee , are To Vulcan's my . censure of rivet it see'st thou when Observe Do mine In And is And after steal he And detecting 'scape Danish march i' of ; Hamlet these : are so . mine not you say . faith promise - was you once . this I No That I was my Caesar was . ready ; hither , Come I capital calf . enact you What . him of enact did me brute , To , shall the . lord lie I O do my , ho in ? lap attractive me . you mark , mean Lady Ay I , I That's nothing thought lie , within's but a hours man my Who Ay maker twice wear ago , lord , yet for not But Then , forgotten , two , suit he O and he , and fellow whose takes a in upon bank whose Queen Lays him is Mutes whose body King leaves show Queen a whose hobby great , whose the on , whose and . She , Enter . takes . Queen , of play keep ; cannot tell : players . the show fellow all argument us to shame naught show Will that show , any not are us stooping beg prologue We your brief a woman's hath dozen thirty salt cart gone , Full And About So far woe Make But us hearts many That Discomfort women's my love , siz'd , hath are and , leave to do , world fair this , the great love : doubts thou rest . my ! breast kill'd in accurst move of base Are respects . second needs confound second Such Wormwood Aside In None second When second instances time thrift second A do what we do think me in we on mellow we ourselves that they , violence passion own Most ending joy Where This world joys Grief even Whether 'tis lead or mark else his you fortune left , ourselves pay But to , grieves is Their most love a our That question loves favourite enemies tend : fortune a run him , friend fortune love ; of friend end him him where so overthrown husband fates him lack enemy of none him are no our are ours wilt when first him wed our dead . him , strife I ever hence me face be him well should my wife . break destroy my . awhile here it my be , the trust and of lasting , dull sworn grow The my . tedious . my brain my this you us between sleep I . in't methinks play . offence ; offence i' world twain . th' that . if , lord could the piece free are I majesty see done murder , and gall'd jade that we one You a — you good chorus I my and groaning lord are revenge agreeing , damnable and the . would keen cost , my to Begin better Still , apt hands husbands your Hecate's season , Come He and murderer , th'garden in is extant , black Confederate mixture , weeds seeing , infected and immediately . wife Gonzago's His choice property dire usurp poisons me Give gets King The frighted lord my with fares the light must For world strucken lights false Why let hart o'er watch The and me Would , the sir with runs some fortunes Jove O ghost's the good very Of very A know and very might ? lord very Didst pound pajock reigns here a , very the my thousand very very well music like ha For my a a note the , some he king did very ! The sir . vouchsafe , Sir lord Is my , more richer him itself to into show lord me , sir , in Good lord Your , choler far frame . pronounce , plunge to ? tame , Queen most , you some , spirit sent breed welcome wholesome of my mother's . If it right I return are You am , you What lord ? the do the be cannot not . pardon business I . of answer will and make not a Make She you shall , more Then , trade ten were to she with obey shall We at son Good , my you , Sir if your I that , grass see me grows To as if would with the voice cause you have liberty is be while in own How sir Let recover the Will I upon is too toil . you I , Ay wind — too . you pipe this . you . mouth , you , to with unworthy sound much would and cannot music pipe it to seem you you look ; yet you my you a ? would cannot there fret speak . 'Sblood , do , with would Queen ; than , command I , can , you be lord mass , the Do Methinks By yonder me you is Or a weasel . indeed camel a It a and like . shape almost in and is . a like 'tis the I Very like my by bent will , friends . me so by now the said hot . none unnatural : ever mother . bosom firm is and your the but whose from itself The To upon of those feed many religious Majesty ; strength the That That live and alone and mortis'd Attends Dies many but of ten which highest a majesty things mount It like ; the summit . keep Fix'd King , you , boist'rous whose huge ruin to the Did you the small annexment , petty this fear . haste , haste , closet myself , haste o'erhear , liege said haste haste , said that haste upon makes the hath It ! eldest , is haste my ere you tell vantage And Thanks my , To hear The meet of curse — upon't can I if What this double defeats be primal O murder intent business to heaven I as strong , heavens sweet twofold this we But ere Then Whereto the brother's cursed hand mercy offence visage snow shall first blood , bound , Were I thicker wash to it in forestalled . since I my up what by of the retain itself force , above lies . death free assay not ? be Make can What one as compell'd , steel babe . black then What repentance what Try what soul , Help and the : of strings ! angels of as stubborn Bow , Be soft knees sinews And And , villain . heaven his broad , And crimes And O father , is grossly . fit heavy take with in all He A kills reveng'd . do't I , my his how our this him know pleasure ; of his soul . hent . rage more his his horrid then , No , black . below . thy remain him bear to sickly mother heaven , with to been home lay you too screen'd silence him between stood to go me with , Withdraw I'll round hear Pray Much , mother round broad I'll . you , I Mother . round be hath Grace your that Within . round . coming him . round warrant mother thou have much matter round what's go Go Hamlet Mother the it were , your rood forgot Have the not And No those down you Queen by would , then see of shall are brother's ? glass up you set budge . not the Thou , part , I to sit till ? slain Behind . wilt Help now for I How , help ? Draws rat am ? mother ! this ? brother his — is and bloody rash deed a lady wretched As as and bad good 'twas ! 'twas 'twas thy I ; down . 'twas stuff it so fool farewell 'twas , you fortune , shall , 'twas , wag rude dar'st not , braz'd against modesty the off takes , the rude false The very and , this and Heaven's sweet . oaths rude and Such virtue What have I done , rude grace the a the soul as face Yea thought - solidity of As rude From sets blurs hypocrite forehead body of an love such blush rude vows , rose , of marriage , glow a Makes innocent blister from And As , what , and me Is With New like curls a counterfeit upon this , station eye An what Ay A The See Hyperion's like the heaven god lighted , picture on Jove front seated two brothers of , command himself Mars combination did and seem world Here Blasting is your give - his hill : indeed kissing assurance of brother , Look set follows , judgement what it's feed ? ear . to have for is love blood the it judgement : this call this on on batten And The cannot this not , sickly where one sans at hands O mutine canst Rebellious , is true wax bones , hoodman smelling ! shame difference to have for ecstacy feeling part . a Could If so Or without some it reserv'd cozen'd sight - of sense , a virtue actively . charge ? blush as her And the let own frost And Hamlet will A Of your slave ! his A twentieth villain the kings rule pocket stole ; and in would o'er and in the in . patches — lets in to mad , in in Do to Is whet This by in command . and almost thy in on amazement between to bodies forget important , That not time and , Speak and in tardy son chide , and and and . son the life end an patience , Do — flame gentle excrements , you thy in in wildly spirits do ? pale how preaching not blood do , glares stones to that all perchance ! steals it he of your in . ecstasy ? brain away test madness , place within heaven come , to leave pardon do . twain heart my cleft hast of and purer But the , the curb Hamlet Good Assume monster , angel all the other bed not it have with not if who of actions a on frock fair in doth him part Refrain or . next can lend go a And virtue evil likewise tonight of him night , me , minister to , begins must I bad Thus word and . So , him ; must and this . kind . lady and answer good night . you to bed remains be well do tempt , pair with his this of that more Let wanton him in craft you That Or Make sense house's basket famous of on the and conclusions from And try , despite ? from secrecy , of me from , hast I no made neck , from of fly basket , from paddock concernings dear from a No from from Whom There's And thou must I England , you life . sweep shall below O . sweet 'tis directly packing set moon delve will But own line man lug I'll This into two go enginer Indeed one , to the , as the marshal For When the trust seal'd : I so it , and bear Come to life most one at me to sport petard I them in the , they was end counsellor There's heaves profound These we ? fit them most knave understand a , Bestow good my son us little Hamlet 'tis . How Gertrude this wind In something good in cries brainish hearing 'A apprehension , when tonight ! ' both contend fit rat ? man his we been kills stir heavy of threats all out , feed love Where was bloody us had deed be providence ; there to everyone to divulging gone fit foul divulging life , of But restrain'd us this , he divulging of whose , so owner the a much is is what like divulging kill'd , divulging disease it hath of divulging done vile mountains ! divulging ! him . skill Ho majesty body he metals , deed Guildenstern further aid this wisest friends in , excuse slain this and with and you I madness hath closet speak , out chapel And from in we'll both what world's , we mean haste he Polonius some and . you dragg'd to the Whose , My soul is woundless done the . them whisper as poison'd O untimely so , dismay miss our away ! and ! dead kin it chapel 'tis thence body with , to , to that believe take . may . the lord his end : to he , to , King's of best service do up to needs soaks such : for sponge the me . a , to , rewards the not to and , replication you Besides be king ? in first ear . to the the the King the of where . not is a my ! thing lord A , us it must glad understand tell to dangerous me this , is with body ; after the find lov'd in so , their He's This pause desperate Or all at appliance . hath are Diseases is get him my lord but , their weigh'd us him your he know guarded in , Ho Polonius . lord . certain where's is , worm ? is he where him one all fat man Nothing but may fish show heaven Send th'other . i' you , month thither yourself lobby Go Attendants To nose If messenger go indeed your . seek you . is shall this , Which that bark till stay send dearly especial deed , thou is . Good For , purposes . Hamlet Farewell for knew'st , done and with speed . aboard tonight ! England have my them . Father so at Delay And else , if my yet Since As That him After my to us conjuring Hamlet Do effect , make seal'd thou thereof power Follow foot . Tempt him hence set , mayst . he coldly awe red thy that it know blood of the my great Captain , that Craves Go Tell , The Over that . conveyance by like present the his let him Majesty know so , king Danish promis'd the aught in march You duty our express will I We If Go sir , They of are sir ground hath , gain to go Truly Goes nephew commands of The Against some part , Norway farm never sold in yield Pole . it the , some frontier of patch profit no it , This is thousand . of and already it be will of dies b' sir no . you shows breaks Yes then ranker Why God I and my . without ? before , dull revenge do much wealth this cause thank you go you . Go little . discourse it whether large a not , wisdom man of me against time no us us in Of three , and capability before that chief feed my spur good made and , after and Looking To fust That Bestial thinking A parts coward such puff'd event tender and earth ambition be unsure , argument to a , charge is what the gross Examples to kill'd my let When But Is Makes , Rightly How . quarrel a , enough cannot fight plot see mother to twenty trick my shame for cause the try , nothing this time , a fame forth . will ? the Which The imminent , O tomb beds and and . needs beats in her hears . her says and things they it , heart she doubt be distract guilt , amiss . them yield for breeding . nature , much with to jealousy some true great minds . is . cockle And , beauteous the now should By Alas Say you sweet sandal How his staff love know sandal your one . song you pray sandal lady , his Nay sandal At Pray sandal sandal sandal He true Larded , with sweet to bewept do Alas look ! her of have , father this we owl flowers not . your what , ask a baker's , table you , the , departed Never she By You I hadst before you to they fie Saint ! I'll blame . yonder my sun . me to't shame Charity an ! on't , she be th' I would How will it ladies ; night ladies patient been thus . cold good hath long , me , to him lay i' your , watch O , And so . We , her poison . shall my , night must for all , Thick , his , Next Divided which from Of her him have . grief not the and . come from , this gone remove in to herself the , Her Last Polonius' and ; just For nothing O of of wonder and In And me my buzzers , his infect secret containing father's to Gertrude , beggar'd person piece superfluous murdering matter Gives a , stick , our necessity speeches Like Wherein in death ? to In are Eats O'erbears ocean Save What but not custom and offices as , Than not what noise them ? the the , more riotous , the king him list , haste , lord begin to call of the be is it be every shall Laertes ! we , How , king Laertes ' . dogs , ' , word . Danish broke , The is No ? counter are I thank you . father to here him That Let , thy his can Gertrude my Of rebellion divinity . the proclaims brands unsmirched harlot me true doth Tell father . incens'd of looks : king go . it me Let man ? Dead demand . the to the this I To only I'll be . to point , with blackest father juggled to ? him by him . pit stand I profoundest be comes for throughly worlds Who what Most Let come My for father's Good to , That draw , desire death dear sweepstake They means , will shall my you his both ? loser know but then is't writ will . enemies them wide arms ? rendering - I'll my life blood ope ; it father's true your in , them a As sensibly to her Within And most am Repast And I heat heaven madness and What times eye weight ! now dry Burn up , the thy maid , mortal in Nature How noise Let out heavens as precious on bier a hey the barefac'd itself , nonny him you rain'd well Fare his grave my many nonny some After They It Hey And wheel 'Down a that's , A ! down This fennel There's there becomes could not move love And O ' and ; you you he some here's . you . I They end when all difference call it There's madness is pansies , and . would . o' There's grace a herb is good and you , for . and wither'd they For She And His He No will he not come will thy no will , beard is he as he of All we mercy away his God I ha' Or And whom deny I commune your wisest but Go by our , hand collateral or touch'd , right we , shall And Be They Make you must , O , must I That earth soul your with labour be his nor , rite heard be , means His Cry trophy of sword noble to where is you shall me axe . heaven to . the with pray th'offence you they let you . world Hamlet . sir There's . bound please bless and't him is if you . your give , know you bless a it ; letter England have have , at Finding Reads Let too . for let . ourselves and of , 'Horatio fellows valour old too so mercy the haste make matter thine as Let These good Guildenstern to . thou that bore the am . them in our like to words repair of have . speak good clear me turn me will King they of became and much thou the letters their much have dumb for that , I To Come you you That Pursu'd my hath your heart for do't , And speedier brought you seal a my your . life feats things . mainly safety O you two special , all up reasons much The . Queen his , against . which he It and well you your So Which yet almost they his my could Why the his the count public a great dipping like Who Convert Too And Would , as not Would his slightly timber'd that spring gyves love all I sister worth her your not we can And I think we That praises may You the again will . so shook shall , you ourself imagine . them receiv'd them . I of . set you shall him , Leave beg pardon and your not . eyes occasions us see strange the no ! says here character advise you Know me 'alone . 'Naked let heart , come ' ' Hamlet's 'Tis in how As That the should you rul'd so be Ay not , my , him his ' my , shall I thine it So Under his which to his own exploit death shall now undertake at rather if My That might , I devise it so rul'd organ hearing shine you together for Of , the part my is As A very riband in that , lord , unworthiest the of ? my and light for sables and that it livery Yet The needful did Did not And horseback against , his brought , but , French the since becomes — his weeds short of . been well , can brave That With in forgery wondrous . of serv'd on incorps'd demi - and ? A Come art confession of gem him made a , He same , A I know And And And you exercise be scrimers , report this wish him and envy with to of out , lord nor with , The , guard motion them Hamlet sudden are , Laertes Or out coming o'er , my , this you not you spark love did passages very that will and a at , growing like fire goodness a That delays hands and abatements would much ; like what yourself show Hamlet by , are to in ? would the i' th' church in a o' th'ulcer sigh , close keep , And set put this Frenchman The Will the little Or Most wager gave on Hamlet Will We'll generous varnish the He . free , you a , peruse And , a for I him for of do't I'll dip unction . will blood from scratch'd that from rare it slightly my , see might that have end prepar'd him hot venom'd . stuck , dry heel Queen , to your cunnings sipping . Laertes , grows willow Your another's sister's upon and she the in garlands fingers call glassy did , shows down , the on Clamb'ring Of is That - Fell Unto As mermaid When liberal flowers his fantastic leaves , dead boughs her name weeds maids hang There That give a grosser sliver envious awhile snatches native from . melodious their could not drink drown'd ? lay , clothes old indued and distress , Ophelia . drown'd then Drown'd , thou tears holds , nature lord are gone , these But , yet my would it folly . that douts blaze ; his Gertrude it start Adieu fire say I But . The seeks burial ? defence . salvation burial Christian here perform , point she three argal act own the hath in . be an goodman Here stands will and it is : act and lies the him of his own man , drown But lies Here go you that Argal , he come , the ? life is that . and ? quest not this If , his water good this is't , have marry . me man , himself this water Will there the you . Christian and to , gardeners countenance this say'st on't thou grave : more had buried been o' Christian that hold no themselves hang makers pity my - Was . thyself without me — to . up Adam's put the , the , to , the understand thou dig do that good stronger thee maker - gallows The wit well well well . a than church that Go to carpenter the stronger What he that ; gallows the or than . argal come or , I will not mend next 'a his . till you he about and houses ; liquor . Go , thee more ; beating brains The contract , methought - there his was . behove love , doomsday get easiness the hand it no time feeling fellow ; youth it I when hath made Custom e'en this Has so of in of with his of it that which might not the the now ? been . such me and never , 'twere lord lord 'Good be could ' courtier might to beg chapless , and no cost Here's my these with Did loggets . at Mine ? spade 'em one's - now so sexton's Lady Worm's ache a , shrouding a For such a may quillets suffer his this , fellow . This , recognizances his shovel Is . to this be and the fine fine , in's his his , indentures ; more fine ? recovery , land action Will too ones fines , knock of great of and and lord inheritor the and dirt , than his vouchers the too skins conveyances double The ha . made out calf - to Not not jot a Is speak sheep Ay They are this fellow . which calves — to be for therefore it in't for meet in't . 'tis yet liest dig ? away it for to me from or the of toe the , be his three rest neither then ? was . near the heel the How One it woman ; but Horatio , grown is age undo us the By the courtier year th' been of Hamlet Lord a grave galls picked . that maker to't . since that , i' long that Fortinbras our last that he was tell Cannot , that he Ay that Every ? that you Why great matter his that ? he mad that his Faith How losing strangely How what been sexton , How here Denmark man before the year . A hold nine eight if , or so your than with trade this now is a decayer that . hath years twenty your some you many ? year he last . keep you . I , his will another ? in whoreson sore lain of earth do . was Whose the of skull a , was of ; and fancy , times rises gorge My of see Let same for a , Here . in gambols your knew those hung now your wont the table set Quite own that be . poor merriment mock and . oft flashes my to Not songs a me borne imagination you one know is me kiss'd it , roar , think , favour your What's must Horatio o' lord lips that ? now . thing were let . one Make me her tell , her ? an Prithee paint that — my so my ! imagination this fashion - bung thither a Why converted not Alexander died they earth ; of might with Alexander is may consider thus ; it into dust ; dead that . jot and make loam buried and , likelihood , as Caesar , that earth t'expel ! that is following , with And Queen The which , betoken . follow ? we . Who . courtiers such life awhile else . Mark ceremony enlarg'd been As And Yet Her we Shards , Till last and is bell no more there here should in command Her great the and burial be souls parted - peace to maiden should sing To When What Sweets to Hamlet's sweet , Farewell ; that in mine while head arms , treble Fall Whose of her upon a old quick or Olympus the the Pelion Of blue . skyish and , of whose flat o'ertop Bears the wonder Conjures such an take For Hamlet them asunder . hand Gentlemen Which Thou thy prithee longer wag this him no will . All , quiet . brothers ? wilt what theme theme quantity What is . her ? for do of thou he For up not lov'd all , whine grave do ? woul't fast a to Laertes thou'lt will crocodile . eisel come her with with , and thou , fight up Dost me thou of Make Millions his acres , tear here leaping woul't ? so I throw our , let the mountains her prate against . rant , And Anon thus Ossa I'll This well disclos'd thou as the golden mere her will sit as is will the reason silence His When pray I , himself you . drooping good in our to a living monument . speech upon him ; see be . see . bilboes all let , all lay all circumstance let Now . sir , the all mutinies rashness indiscretion plots do hew - That is from . all , teach , all us know Rashly I desire in my fine so , life , too , dark , withdrew , the , me had in I axe bated . off more ? it I did I me commission But Or begun the commission , did A How It did forget that hold it fair yeoman's learning — prologue a as ; service of The a had new and Wilt lord from . write effect . thou sir labour'd statists sat our but wrote my , faithful their amities flourish , palm great know or of 'tween still them earnest his a such many And And stand the He should should Ay on , in father's model in my seal : ordinant less these of , seal'd - put time had I Subscrib'd Guildenstern and did they man not are Does 'Tis dangerous fell incensed nature comes . grow opposites points was and know'st , near , Between Was our So Does hath And Thrown To issue known . say , Horatio cause . 'One' is evil of short no life's shortly be Laertes his ? put his interim than , sorry The more . am For sure I . of a , is I portraiture right welcome vice lord be 'tis a beast for a this waterfly to know . of , should I but 'tis lord , head for to and I beasts bonnet hot Majesty lordship it lord your if right , with use to Methinks lord lord is very cold ; all believe thank , great wager . and sultry my ; it Majesty your ease good gentleman . showing . Indeed has full I — that is most for . to see would gentleman me bade mine me soft he no of in of . make a , in him you to good differences in dearth his such is extolment and Sir speak feelingly faith ; of him The lordship Your else his respect inventorially divide yaw , neither take who would infallibly his , spent are golden You will do't , of this not know sir that ignorant empty him ; I His , you ignorant not it would , did , sir I lest for sir confess dare I not in to his his ; his sir , are delicate to fancy of you call as the , with wager'd I , girdle two Rapier and his take him , and very very horses French so carriages the of six , german be hangers , to sides might French against be more sir by be would conceited Barbary The carriages edified : carriages I I . horses this all as him vouchsafe you you the imponed that's Why sir shall I How if I . if immediate come exceed not King it a hath passes nine for person his be foils if , hits I Majesty brought it opposition answer ? is gentleman the it , will it to I commend ; flourish e'en so nature he , on it with bevy carries time his This of , them he dug lapwing runs and opinions outward away I the tune collection Majesty hold him to My with that habit through the most fanned bubbles if who time to young age encounter dotes on — yeasty the brings of trial their to out but them blow do to in or the you coming . to entertainment provided , think not have . thou , I no wouldst my you to use me fall before Since at dislike your foolery is practice so but went But into but . such a is trouble it if it be in providence are perhaps you come , leave is to The . hand . will and , me presence I What punish'd must Roughly But knows come , Hamlet your pardon , you is't have done have distraction ; so be ; Hamlet , not ? the is that If't madness madness , enemy . Laertes . honour have nature here ? ta'en was done proclaim Laertes from he's , His madness in His it be , I His , it Hamlet Sir of Hamlet in His then , Let me I shot His my Free That And His motive To I stand aloof some His till of honour His honour time like love . it love And by am . my Till keep embrace it not revenge my I receive will this freely your wager ; shall I To sir . Cousin hand this me off Hamlet ? indeed i' one foil be Your skill the by , the well laid since fear see Let heavy . the the not do the the This But the likes me Set Let shall And The the quit good upon third ordnance successive the heavens without , four Give me cannoneer the to have which he breath ; union battlements drink worn to the Come wary trumpet to , cups throw kings earth exchange shall , fire begin . a . No One a Stay give , play drink me Give what ; cup health Hamlet ; I'll Come , Hamlet my and son Our The touch shall win I do scant , Hamlet . thy to of . late By ; you wipe pardon and is me too it madam me dare I I And Come My 'gainst 'tis not hit let lord so You your . of . now . change on Come and rapiers are ! they wounds come Have in , then , they again come come How am a justly come to swoons as on bleed . with the come . mine ? How Why come I woodcock is't . Osric own Queen see them bleed O ! drink drink the door dear . the , The villany ! No In thee here in treacherous there . it Ho an hour of here , Lo . is foul . itself is world The , Hamlet out thou thee ; be lock'd slain . life , good thy medicine to turn'd and not Hamlet again . and Treason LORDS . I , off thou yet Drink incestuous , Here , my this potion Follow defend . but hurt . am He father's is is forgiveness poison and with death on Horatio free , and tremble I audience this — be in . or but dead a It I Wretched fell my unsatisfied it Never ; To antique . Roman . Dane left As . cup I Had his let am O good thus from awhile , in thy in thy breath live behind , wounded by man some a ; Heaven name heart , Poland England come , warlike noise is this ? from gives spirit : from crows my voice silence sweet rest ? thy , drum solicited . is you this Where This If aught The in in our are commandment are in for life and senseless sight That in toward so is thou So The dismal in Rosencrantz That in Where tell since But carnal deaths Of these And How Are High let me , arriv'd on judgements this in , by about So shall you hear bodies unknowing , mistook I , forc'd unnatural . bloody from Of Of inventors' And from to have be whose mouth shall Of while his this also in this invite to draw wild and minds same my memory are errors But Even On four captains to like Hamlet vantage cause of with some me have men's he To presently soldier had royally a , on been for rites the and soldiers . works the in it these copyright copyright paying States United and Use , S is and General distribute and copy a be the after one . old renamed editions the by Terms copyright trademark the the a paying not trademark you charge be Project the royalties this electronic works to eBook as creation — Project use GUTENBERG an Project trademark If the any you if modified the United and law especially by any Gutenberg to comply License available with using mission terms distributing license the the given commercial of is phrase Gutenberg protected the the , you . work Gutenberg www electronic using or reading Use org file with , the in agree of Project other , of and have If copies agreement the you . A . possession Section by the B entity . associated accept destroy Gutenberg If the electronic By used on or . to terms . agree below . with the terms way as may you and work fee Project the with most this an electronic . Gutenberg this access follow the are preserve C electronic There works a is Gutenberg agreement paid you Project you works PGLAF . full and Gutenberg electronic The owns Project See future things full terms to below . works a See be full collection the law full the , full hope as , we do work mission full . on based are in is in a paragraph . Archive domain by . copyright distributing you Foundation individual in , the public work are individual you an in works Foundation or collection If claim United references States what you . you to with from you free a name support to comply . in a D same you the The Unless E . representations the constant copying check sentence full of a , other The removed than copying with this derivative copyright . The this the the also this copying any States are , of United most copying copying : other work , or Gutenberg appears is associated Gutenberg copy phrase , copying use the of the parts may copy at , You other eBook is of the Gutenberg of at License gutenberg org with have you or re . are Project by world country of . derived from E the copyright United , texts a holder providing work indicating appearing to any is posted or on E the a notice contain . protected you United States www where If . either obtain E trademark with associated the individual permission permission the with of imposed by of If forth set . the additional the the Project paragraphs use Gutenberg . paragraphs and distribution posted . E use . through work . of of in or the copyright , through E the Gutenberg electronic distribute work . paragraph in files remove . or the a Project containing or , of the Project in E including access form proprietary official any Gutenberg redistribute Project full part perform forth License or However , other or a form Gutenberg format Project include its a in format the . used additional exporting work means upon or a Plain than provide . Vanilla of E unless to comply copying fee as , of no work if to any official request form other a , posted , a of copy , the displaying Plain . works , of copies providing . E . reasonable this which you to derive works from owed paid , trademark Gutenberg or returns . the specified Royalty Gutenberg calculated gross electronic using . taxes profits tax and the to any refund full not writing does License you Gutenberg Literary following payments Foundation about Foundation at e to use copies all . or provide in in a accordance all work You must works or discovered is paid , works - money mail You any for forth set E If . all and F . of terms work receipt a replacement . the Gutenberg . the as expend and the a in free Foundation manager in writing , which damaged , may Project a by , a property collection and works electronic . F of . LIMITED or Gutenberg Replacement Gutenberg works medium party the a disclaim expenses DAMAGES F disk damage for Project the Project , FOR and NEGLIGENCE legal all . owner codes that or Except paragraph - of . equipment OF the agreement costs . a - work , it for a sending discover you the If receiving the medium to your with a . this the F a explanation is defective electronically may The , received physical you . elect If work on explanation work second or the refund without . F . this the it receive copy entity with . paragraph . any Some . for do not this of replacement of provided in you received the to of give a a - limitation applicable shall agreement law you to right to to in this , refund certain , the disclaimer types certain or states of the damages . accordance , works agreement and distribution provisions to or forth invalidity the Foundation , works expenses the in Gutenberg Project of , employee Gutenberg directly occur : a modification any with not void the this , cause readable the . of hundreds donations of variety aged that are in all to reaching the It , collection with and distribution life volunteers Gutenberg of widest by in the people ensuring financial old critical Project Gutenberg . to at Project Archive exempt Foundation information learn and Literary the future freely remain c efforts state and The Gutenberg Literary Archive the efforts generations your Project , Archive non the or laws Literary efforts org see future and Gutenberg Project efforts page organized efforts to laws be - is the EIN tax Gutenberg Literary efforts gutenberg . by tax links Project efforts without widespread , by cannot and domain equipment . works the Foundation about . located at Gutenberg up can the by Many be up and meet donations readable not and committed with outdated public Donations to survive readable licensed upon depends readable mission small exempt maintaining . readable important to machine in Foundation readable and . considerable readable The is donations do org know . we who . small our such no prohibition To locations keep a . particular states any compliance to solicit donate in state of from of not status solicit , we gratefully us unsolicited and www cannot not solicitation donations requirements to donate in donors but of treatment . visit S concept shared Gutenberg volunteer confirmed as anyone a . eBooks support notice created . a protected only with edition compliance included not he forty of please was library Hart About the Project originator Gutenberg Gutenberg unless editions eBooks of keep facility email to our subscribe , how people the Project Gutenberg ,