Who's live King unfold and me . your hour upon carefully to yourself He bed come . Barnardo cold a you had you Well I sick heart 'Tis and . am this much at ? good meet do Have I rivals The hear to soldier , who you ground this place good . night - you hath reliev'd . I says Horatio . what , this 'tis let will has , this not but him have sight Welcome , piece again him night us . Marcellus , twice the this minutes dreaded us He to Tush tush , our and come this , have seen seen of . to speak apparition of , story , this where Marcellus that westward night we our your ears , seen it Peace break off figure same Thou like Looks . with . wonder Horatio . dead , to fear Mark ? speak . time Horatio . I away speak . charge buried Horatio , it of and this Question fair usurp'st thou the that march Together In sometimes ! speak , tremble gone speak now not and , this ! I might on't more think ! believe ? he an combated armour it Of the God ! own like mine art ice angry ; not thou the th'ambitious very once sledded 'Tis So He twice before when Norway . on , our dead hour . parle : thyself to Such he . in Polacks the ; not . knows , land to he jump , watch , haste sweaty the ; task . me ; King , At , Whose Was least the Doth make impress why And foreign such implements for such Why that can inform ? the whose , the toward not divide , Who Did Which in a by now , of seiz'd Fortinbras by life , moiety which of King to , all ; inheritance by forfeit Hamlet fell he Was he the our carriage gaged Against Had the prick'd ; which most by on Thereto Did vanquisher ; as the Now , in't of , here young cov'nant preparations And those foresaid , watch our this father a For the post I think it no other : head land the the of us unto strong hand , take , some other , by ; doth Is source appear well So the of the most The A In even sick with trains And Did stars squeak stood gibber Was As And heaven behold graves fire and with fierce . countrymen together , me . earth sound thou If Speak ease to earth or of done , and to be grace . me thing earth , fate ! happily earth , thy foreknowing ! earth me use it earth comes , voice country's walk ! death partisan stand Do Shall strike if it , 'Tis 'Tis gone ! 'Tis , wrong offer it here I We For was The it to our is vain fearful that lofty of god , it do , Doth with or of in and shrill trumpet . summons , sea , at that , all is cock . truth herein the that , no , The No So , heard look have And It ever crowing of season dare planets power in the I takes are of The hallow'd our impart up But o'er dumb our loves to with speak , pray we Let Do As Let's This watch in . clad part high tonight the of what shall acquaint will upon we ; us , him for , spirit our Cornelius , in contracted , grief brow and us ; nature with him on in that dear , we , I , hearts be Lords with with , fought think our yet and green , one hath of Hamlet it Yet Though To To That bear In equal ; nor have For jointress in barr'd scale funeral in Therefore be far so Together , one know late death lands , law , dole and delight bonds for meeting , the much business Importing not state With Your affair wisdoms that supposal and of surrender father valiant ourself for by herein bed and hath Now , Who his impotent To Thus Of lists His Norway our , with So much of message is made Voltemand here are have of here Fortinbras is dispatch is is , hears and in that the is the personal more we . old you purpose ; and is we : no haste and CORNELIUS Of good his this further articles things VOLTEMAND these : what's of now cannot reason , our show with the thy is of wouldst not the , asking , Dane heart the What , nothing your dilated commend . is't thou native , father came , though leave the head more not my Denmark I willingly favour my have be not Dread thou in confess my more . You throne , to to your your them you I show father's from , and to slow . leave and gracious do be , coronation France , toward done ; duty . on and you less , cousin hour thy now best Take I seal'd I will Good let , cast ever for thine Hamlet thy still much a on , kind — friend more little A . Aside How Seek for thy , it so it be not it to nature Seems 'Tis alone Ay ! my it cloak ; 'tis That Together not madam Nor the me suits play ; visage , of river denote I . actions that suspiration suits inky dejected truly moods in mother , eye , seem grief , which common as bound father Hamlet , nature your these give , lost , is But for , his your a , impatient 'Tis sorrow lost be do To A be For to Take what be be To the From death must be be And impart going Do be back cheer comfort and we toward to most retrograde chiefest Our In be This so . We ' ; of You Than with no the are I which . bears his : intent , son our prayers you my us ; her of to remain cousin you our to , the you lose in heart and a Denmark the that heaven Re But I not thy mother obey , reply come . whereof today . thunder this that the Everlasting not - shall bruit away accord the earthly rouse ; speaking canon Or Seem His , too solid me the all That - flesh garden unweeded come much to earth heaven , this on grown within name a hang him — woman were ! body she even thy had would poor old of ! uncle — father tears of salt A tears my month speed left yet to Hercules her sheets to good post , dexterity the all Niobe have I It break Ere , wants like reason mine my no discourse , a wicked to must lordship to , Horatio am is such , poor . myself lord , my your or same glad I I'll change Marcellus , ever good from ? with friend you name do And Sir And glad But would you your my hear see To Nor not . it say violence report . no are your , good , I do was mock , to I it , it I what teach lord We'll do of you to yourself shall make me truster ere lord Indeed prithee I coldly not drink you But is , Thrift Did Would Or , my lord ? day The - father's mother's wedding foe dearest the see to I In eye my , met seen methinks goodly . my , I had I My saw lord not man He ; was take upon him he think ? his The I shall I was look lord , deliver while a may for till witness your the Who ! to on figure me of these hear father pie march , he eyes they truncheon's oppress'd , and waste them and their his jelly slow Been Armed By secrecy night ; stately dreadful , Where And as In I them , the The knew , him did , This of they kept in ; thrice - the not speak and by distill'd time . like more not to with third they Form , Stand dumb These thing the with hands made we where this . address and it our sound the , it none I , did yet crew away , writ honour'd 'tis . sight strange lord , loud speak methought once ; would our very vanish'd did let sirs , indeed know , cock as like from down , my . this but watch tonight BARNARDO shrunk As you Both Arm'd , my it We it . duty lord say . lord foot ? not from you he beaver face wore he , to ? anger than frowningly . And I Most very upon his pale red been . amaz'd . tell . no , His when saw't longer and Not have you . BARNARDO again walk Perchance , grizzled ; his life ? it , still tonight no but your whatsoever Give And an be tenable understanding I'll visit you 'twixt . fare . ye twelve loves you hold it to If it , farewell . hap silence this conceal'd eleven . you ! rise eyes come the would sister is convoy , necessaries But Do you toy of trifling the hear not , of primy minute ; his nature , more favour , grow . but . a more Forward his : own fear you his besmirch , soul doth temple and not birth must unvalu'd subject , For The He himself must Unto health is soil withal thews and bulk service his he His of no Perhaps and so his main ; wisdom his As It And for may as of persons will weigh'd , the voice deed saying If Whereof the what credent chaste list honour act his give he Then lose it And Than fits in weigh with of particular he place , treasure , sustain withal your your my of or unmaster'd , To Fear Be Youth to heart my , steep puff'd and path primrose itself then blastments rebels like the me Himself I too the recks watchman not to , stay is father , keep heaven to my , brother . Aboard But me his dalliance own not . thy my the And thou familiar precepts of aboard fear blessing smiles in stay'd Laertes ? thou by their hoops steel ; vulgar no second double A these any are character The . tongue entertainment means . his no but hast thy - new do them , soul thy hatch'd But Grapple thou Look palm , with and adoption ; reserve purse thy censure man each not unfledg'd may th'opposed fancy oft the of a in habit ear beware quarrel , Of a borrower generous in that station : buy . can ; gaudy : the of self lord your leave remember . be the man . my in , Farewell lock'd go it well said in And What is't Ophelia yourself I you shall hath you , my the said memory keep please Given private time to you , audience been I put yourself oft ; as understand daughter Give of of , caution not way my lord his Of What hath You affection , between do so told Marry well on and so 'tis free — your of If And , Pooh Unsifted it behoves you my it that As is Affection ! you Do lord what of wind ta'en you ; tenders a fool , baby ; pay dearly me In to it Running , Which thus teach these you'll My Or lord , are — the tender to his ; fashion , of I daughter , soul know , prodigal is for heat , blazes woodcocks : in it as holy may call it hath Ay You Be Set your entreatments of blood to catch vows the When Even something in Giving not must Do of believe ; implorators you larger command with given fire a that may is young they In But , their for , walk are investments . vows to , or in Breathing in much a your all and tether him to Believe Than may so And not Not that suits , pious moment your . time cold . shrewdly charge words beguile sanctified better would The to't ; it hour and very air is I nipping What lacks eager now a bites twelve it think heard Wherein the it it spirit is It held this mean not . lord my , struck rouse ; Rhenish trumpet and triumph marry is't he wassail King does and draughts . out native observance ? Is And More drunkards - clepe Makes to headed breach though and tax'd revel than it at phrase am , of it nature our attribute takes particular in vicious oft achievements traduc'd heavy They This the the though and indeed nations swinish , us for nature the of by breaking By Since That mole choose perform'd , marrow chances , As in mole The The our mole down pales some are of wherein their some it they his manners stamp that reason guilty . mole one pure as — o'ergrowth that mole Doth own . the mole be they ; that habit , undergo of censure star forts complexion defect these ! grace of much take goblin or health of His , defend my lord scandal . a comes , all particular his spirit ministers grace heaven from thy com'st such a I'll or or noble substance Hamlet answer blasts wicked Angels thou will Be , wicked me Let Have Be thee in wicked intents with airs of a and wicked speak not Wherein To That Making Revisit'st cast ! again marble inurn'd in wicked , wicked nature souls we do our What mean , sepulchre jaws wicked but death this tell , O . Dane , in burst ; ignorance ; of may and hearsed the ponderous why fools of , moon disposition it corse dead , why Say It With waves But It some did . to impartment . action it with go a what you with not To courteous alone ground no No you to more removed . it to follow should be lord will , will Why do I not my Being forth soul waves it to the you , set a the , of your the , cliff , every form the reason desperation sovereignty base it roar toys madness other Think beneath . my . it , sea into still follow sea to fathoms puts you into motive so more me hears , go many , Still And petty your rul'd say call'd as Nemean nerve , out you Hold My makes each I'll , Go — follow Let's ; He By away I 'tis rotten Something after . To in state imagination fit what with , Unhand me a that lets thee him Have will not Whither Mark , further no go . Speak me lead When , Alas what , but shall bound I , Speak thou art So To me to revenge am to thou when a for I the day father's , the days word , spheres , on stand the this But flesh of thy harrow two knotted eyes like start unfold soul thy a purg'd and tell up combined ; the Make To I Would Murder dear thy ever O and unnatural , that ! blood and thou his But this , I As know't meditation itself rots shouldst ease be find May this than , wharf , orchard , swift love . thee ear of thou Now The Wouldst my to sweep apt ; hear weed Hamlet of , life soul his wears O my uncle have his - virtuous queen lust shameful the power was there off won that With O But Brief the of methinks be Upon let me custom My ! And to it But her hand what in hand love natural as court shape angel bed were on a in though itself a , radiant ; on heaven link'd on , on vial did effect of blood of the body on , mine through it droppings tetter on wholesome a doth did , whose ; it sudden like , I instant . swift an of in a my quicksilver alleys vile with vigour curd And And with like All the , queen in disappointed blossoms to my ! thee of at brother's , not horrible my account ! it bear on unanel'd once : milk about ; loathsome a and body bark'd , but , most damned and the nature my but Denmark pursu'st nor . But To but Adieu but me . but Remember uneffectual that thorns the prick but I And all But bear , host , The you , poor distracted this me thou of couple - table forms , Remember , thee ; copied observation you In All Unmix'd And book and trivial of memory Remember sinews away one O youth commandment volume of all uncle sure . most , smile tables it may . you there I sworn't least At So thy and Within baser O , Within . Within Heaven be lord ho boy ho , come my , him Hamlet Lord . Within is't What , news , Illo ho Not I you'll of you'll by heaven and secret . heaven . it , my lord by , Ay There's no To he's a HORATIO , in Denmark ? lord knave shake more you ; needs ne'er villain , tell dwelling lord this arrant ghost an MARCELLUS all . from come we for my , my . poor point hands circumstance are . my There I , they sorry are These all , part and at : i' without business hath , And You Why For is Look but fit it as There's my this let you Horatio is us And know . by Yes And For desire , wild whirling and as me , what Saint to Give known friends O'ermaster't As make HORATIO My and , me that ghost what may but MARCELLUS have , seen . poor not , Swear , upon in faith ? already sword , sword , Cries thou hear there Art . this sayst , Indeed Never Hic to sword . shift gentlemen hither , our Swear Then that to my the thou so Never Swear by sword have . of this upon . sword . your , th'earth so . ground my . again you Swear this of Well Beneath ! so help , strange i' remove more Canst old worthy and Once work wondrous meet Horatio , shall phrase they would' , and , mercy know Or arms by 'Well , To as , There are or dreamt I at of some ; we to aught at me or 'We this seeing 'There to help . ambiguous of your : soe'er disposition me not you do you . note this Swear So list That you speak' With , rest 'If As Or That we , I do and friending Hamlet gentlemen most need , to to in , together , go you love still willing Rest The of poor a Let O together . come joint , That and , I will money this him Give You my inquiry wisely , you visit marvellous lord well Marry Enquire do shall Before did intend , means what behaviour . sir keep finding , it his , knowledge will and in Look said well very expense are it , father and this they And do know encompassment who company That And 'And in him Ay in By What sir may you him wanton well slips ; him , and , and friends lord , But well may he's most ? my youth , ' ; forgeries be , part if't I mean ; such so he Addicted are gaming , lord , must put scandal on the . far , him taints the and liberty go may . You , As Ay Quarrelling or drabbing may fencing dishonour That they You is : of assault But this general Wherefore , liberty his lord would sir good I You it slight little a fetch good . would on him good , working th' my drift my son good be , you or , the sullies of prenominate guilty good or ' of breathe ever Having Your good The 'Good 'twere a , with soil'd , the , Where this say I . Of was . leave I did ; and about At I , say ? say , you ' 'gentleman 'I t'other , consequence say say to ! say , rouse perchance ; know ay say 'friend 'closes the consequence' and so At say , a he saw 'closes or . forth takes we my You you do brothel him gaming at falsehood thus With and former have me out . you . you , such enter saw 'I Videlicet Your And windlasses by son wi' my my Shall By indirections . Well , the yourself in , ply ? been so matter Farewell now my what's have And my Lord with as upon , Ungart'red Pale My lord Alas With down head the ankle each purport , unbrac'd fear truly it I ? been hat No as know , At As And he to other Long shaking little thus such to falls with goes me do I rais'd all so seem to a shoulder bulk , so face his hard his my stay'd , way head his being sigh That help eyes turn'd lets up mine me held thus hand the took He He As his o' me is go the Whose He And out oft very I doors find done he over me . profound . go of desperate . any No , That his lord afflict This And As you , the our as violent leads have my good but as hard I natures him ; access I given and . to hath with fear'd my age sort younger our I . as ourselves in the utter love . close he mad His sorry him That . jealousy I had lack More that we we dear Rosencrantz to did . did to Something heard see . transformation need The it must Welcome it father's from th'understanding , nor ; Hamlet's Our than Resembles nor that his So I , much long have I the I his it More much of since That to unknown to entreat here by court humour in thus . remedy our you so on , hath sure Good was . that rest your may afflicts of it , much gentry will are him and much adheres two lies within pleasures your as draw To To Whether to expend so , If glean living you , talk'd he am not there men your and more your us supply Your As , the Put to majesties entreaty Than your by Might To , Rosencrantz Thanks give Thanks here pleasures command into . freely To our up Heavens bring changed son Go where . is visit and to amen . him practices some to instantly you these our gentlemen And make Th'ambassadors , joyfully been Are Pleasant Thou still helpful Ay my , Norway news gracious my I Assure not duty my Both do Hunts speak of that long that The very , admittance shall I , the it As grace O And hold my , as this so sure soul my hold of policy brain found have lunacy hear great them distemper . your all sweet I in the His Welcome we no of queen , doubt Well Voltemand , friends , head I is but main . marriage him sift shall , But Upon To That , suppress desires and sent preparation look'd sickness into your sends ; he Highness Say On Was Makes give To ; never Majesty fine arrests to out greetings , return fair His which It such your it As commission arms crowns , further Polack fee allowance , quiet , Most to Meantime And our , at at It more think well - dominions Through safety we'll this upon us regards Answer we , day majesty This well night flourishes of and is time . time time ended , night is . I will be the brevity soul madness mad , is but define noble is true . I tediousness but is but ; waste , More , use go else no pity , all 'tis ; that with true : this now remains that . this 'tis 'tis 'tis let farewell is 'tis it that we effect the the for . A use defect . art that . figure effect cause thus she that and surmise mine is that And defective cause of comes whilst have duty this my , most 'beautified' . a — Ophelia hear vile . by Now . soul's you . mark , is reckon , machine best love a I at ill am madam from this ; doth I doubt never love But . dear Good , stay stars are be move to . him place Adieu me faithful of a What prove As This And I daughter my Before I Or perceiv'd fain hot of on you wing , the . think that honourable me ? dumb sight idle what might - mute with I I must 'Lord And , I his lock young might If I I had dear it me I tell , work to advice a into by weakness , thence , the then out , did went and , this a tale of a sadness lightness all you this . I'd ''Tis ' that a have When a a wherein prov'd that I it said , 'tis ? declension , know otherwise Not this . hid centre if indeed ? fain I it been there circumstances If Take I otherwise four further it indeed the lobby loose behind encounter you the Mark And So does my daughter . time know How he in ? together him , then an his . I'll reason and . reading wretch poor you presently where I'll beseech . does , him Well sadly will board look But my Lord a me You were Not Excellent , this . world true being a picked ? man if Have maggots , be man lord How not by ; in him What much — again said my truly not ? to Aside . was look my . fishmonger he conceive youth , I matter , daughter me you . walk her at say Between suffered a . my words have grey ? who my I For the that ; gum hams I All , not old be hold as it that slave their my though , have wrinkled read you are Aside that , this should which a to says here that old thick wit most lack purging plentiful I am . weak most A meeting most take . Aside How I him me that part . daughter my and except sir , cannot You withal Indeed will be often is o' suddenly , are ! I , my life well Lord the Polonius These you take anything lord life my except my life . Hamlet . tedious is Ah , ye do of earth ! lord ! sir there save God honoured My On excellent My As . Nor in Happy good dost , thou lads Good friends we Rosencrantz of parts you the my . the lord , in we over not Faith O , the her Fortune lord . Then None near news news , most true is Neither middle of ? or , secret you to is good , Prison Fortune the have you particular , But that she a many o' are th' prison my sends is is one to makes ambition bounded in a not it ; and king for . is for the ambition but dream , infinite dreams of and shadow airy shadow's a have and too 'tis be space , merely count dreams your one it ; that , dream very nutshell indeed , were is to th' reason . beggars' such Then , ambitious A hold I beggars bodies itself we matter the I , other for And sent But ? attended servants ; not ? speak nay halfpenny I Elsinore . you Come , is , free ; lord honest will speak to I my own your , friends ? justly it anything . What the your what . my which . rights obligation by and you , not there more have craft for modesties your were my lord sent have ; and lord , say should we kind must fellowship ever . Nay then direct To I direct we sent of ; direct , an were for . off direct to Queen my tell but I direct Guildenstern . for direct eye and King why this majestical the earth direct know lord indeed air than man how noble in reason , how is ; of action of beauty admirable , fire my all to fretted , seems a moving work thing canopy not the so shall no anticipation , exercises in My lord though by Man no I said 'Man seem , dust ? delights in of express , And , and the woman delights on man . you you receive He plays shall my an angel , apprehension yet in ; stuff be adventurous are from offer — man lungs whose humorous shall end tickle blank ; tribute lover sere verse his or are freely players . laugh We delight to say for't delight take wont you the lady shall lord did players the gratis make hither welcome , Majesty and the both , they the ways , th' shall have in peace the shall tragedians in residence city shall shall and chances think hold the indeed No comes Do so followed ? I of not late grow ; that out are the was did ? the , aerie they , are are and so berattle children endeavour stages goose are , tyrannically common keeps in . the wonted they it of afraid the most they quality . they their make they than no their own succession ? How come — it is say money holds . cuffs nation , in the while to . no What . tarre to argument been to the bid sin there to controversy do better and question Is't been O my the has my at strange do for , player went away it uncle this hundred ; him ducats for lived picture , apiece in something , Ay is Elsinore players Your Let comply . than it . which players I than entertainment welcome There more my father King is his the the are this the fifty the welcome fairly welcome . is to fashion extent north hawk from the - my father dear . west what mad the Well the Guildenstern you see you you southerly . I say swaddling hearer . they his at , yet child When the is wind be time he's prophesy will he tell for Monday of and is there too to . for out a a lord sir news . of not morning to , lord an actor Rome indeed my hither When have you Mark . in . honour on ass tell history or , historical light for poem , pastoral , comedy , either , O of Seneca best pastoral Jephthah , my treasure had liberty historical comical - and be world in the his — each for scene Plautus lord ? he fair too , pastoral , of . These too individable . old right Still I a love daughter I . more , my on Jephthah my have , What The row follows that my you . was , friend , of last and , masters thou lady gold be . We'll the welcome a a ladyship Pray ! Thy ? your . give speech God is in glad me beard my all old chopine . nearer . valanc'd well I anything a you like but , the if ? lord was never acted is face cracked like . a , whose judgements remember , to cunning play , in affectation of the see well digested such one in above caviare heard speak not me Come play in for general said thee once in , matters matter author in and speech the But the there in set was savoury , I in it nor scenes cried in matter were , down method as modesty make as resemble , trick'd me live of it , horse in sons Head black and dread so is he this , me see — the light fire , smear'd arms Pyrrhus with begins it not Pyrrhus night , damned , mothers tyrannous with . the mothers and discretion mothers complexion streets mothers mothers , fathers at Repugnant , too Striking , mothers To short he , well mothers to Priam . Then . feel wind of Ilium wide , it His Unequal fell hideous and blow finds rage where his , finds , arm finds my lord at his finds Pyrrhus Th'unnerved Pyrrhus' a , Priam finds But a finds A whiff and drives with never death speechless , against , matter . milky to head and , his to painted winds heavens as in often hammers orb away power you proof for Pyrrhus' fellies from All bleeding eterne , heaven her Cyclops' , remorse And all low down as the hill work pause gods , sword ! Priam new And vengeance sets forg'd on the , long bawdry , Prithee say . Hecuba to or , tale of fiends on . sleeps It the jig shall He's Where 'The mobled ; with on beard and is , good queen' , with all , sport her caught that robe flames a , limbs eyes , in's eyes , and more has all , husband's she then not burning gods at malicious move milch And have Unless where In mincing burst mortal made them that of of clamour the in . the ? of you bad and soon . speak his passion see for used he you ; After well , deserve less man bodikin My will . your death you were report will Follow hear We'll ? The Dost they him me hear , friends Come friend , is after them . whipping 'scape We'll sixteen tomorrow , lord . in't speech tomorrow Gonzago . of play a ? and . a some I'll you Guildenstern You till , Rosencrantz well Ay To Very . My , to alone I Now wi' , Could But Ay force O a fiction monstrous that so eyes , his conceit and all and b' lord God , Tears his him , Hecuba , working what a his visage whole ? voice broken forms He ? function Hecuba he passion with ! stage for , do appal drown the or weep for his And ? cue suiting would I Yet indeed speech ; peak , rascal mettled - Like The A John With to That Confound dull A Who Tweaks by beard villain was whose say a - defeat nose as me have bitter , or does lack for and fatted . oppression kites ! gall be ? cannot , with words , heart unpack heaven is , murder'd have Foh very my by , a to , what , I And A About Prompted Must Have Been by With most They organ soul proclaim'd have murder something Play miraculous Before very the their of observe it , mine tent like a scullion fall whore sitting of cunning a scene , a like I play presently ! upon't my , For I'll uncle like . that shape The . and no tongue have but hath the Out As relative is my such spirits , perhaps seen blench I'll have though the course murder be than circumstance confusion melancholy my potent very More you And the . with He him puts his ? keeps , quiet days himself be . Of bring true you demands . aloof to ? sounded to on receive gentleman . disposition of well . a kind order him court these ; true to the . content much Majesties . edge . him told we are in the it as And With night 'Tis beseech'd , To purpose shall my all gentlemen We , further a Sweet heart my and , father he , leave delights may . bestow by That part shall so And good wish for obey seeing do cause , here way hope happy I behav'd frankly , please so , the , Madam Of Hamlet's show you . loneliness That ourselves , virtues again I shall so your , devotion's conscience beautied O smart The Is 'tis , oft exercise may in ! it lord word thing the action pious burden heavy O is him be or Whether , deed my of and end to be my most my suffer ! is When Devoutly For in perchance sleep us of death — die — fortune , the mind the arrows and heir ache take and to natural consummation . rub , come have the the proud and . pause calamity scorns the off to To who That Must - wish'd . To ay this There's may , what dream so life the , delay contumely time . man's , a would his law's , life unworthy the might bare that Than a fly conscience enterprises thus And And Is the hue of resolution turn great the native cowards cast pith in , thy , awry thought of us their of with make pale and now action ! Ophelia regard I now receive them long pray this many ? currents name , That lord does my all lord , of longed you ; for honour remembrances your have to re aught right so , I My them more ; givers prove my when rich you never know rich rich , did perfume mind . compos'd breath rich ? your fair to and honest rich , My rich Ha sooner from translate honesty beauty admit ? with honesty lordship if Could Ay what it , his into you a it , of relish so . a thee you thou . wouldst Why . for the you of power bawd , to This I did you is you stock that indifferent You you believed shall not we nunnery but should you thoughts you We At . all such , in arrant are were in them put I , to but Farewell play the fool plague sweet that , Where's , him , fellows with believe do us earth give . thee snow well farewell : thou him help , go a nunnery ice , I'll give , as dost men nunnery ; to thou doors marry chaste If fool O heavenly powers , you wilt shalt what and too monsters Farewell make you , and marry . him needs thy for , quickly , creatures on't Those , it are mad wantonness , you one . Be say , but all , marriages the , Go have no more shall , eye rest noble rose Th'expectancy , no The courtier's a , glass all and God's yourselves your face , and make here are married hath given a To me . already your nunnery mind scholar's of the of tongue , what Now That seen ? His do with ecstasy have lack'd out it that , is most his , fashion of see suck'd out I Like what . see of feature O seen not and I he And out like woe of of sovereign out and what There's madness Blasted out , in : down Thus not out and with our With demand Was spake . though something a little , soul disclose prevent countries quick danger of objects something Haply melancholy have heart , him yet But puts different neglected shall set We The . My mother please fit it queen , be show Let To I'll origin and commencement Lord , lord us love of , said on't I , Hamlet as you do do need all grief Of Sprung shall Madness ; I you mouth it you ; pray , my . as , But spoke ; gently ; for in the very torrent it pronounced I use ; all Nor of O whirlwind many ; your of ; so . unwatch'd if hand and , the tongue crier town . your the beget to neither discretion but of groundlings shows and It Termagant , passion acquire must you it tear , offends . be your dumb to , who the modesty , nature , tutor special . nature age very the I have it I that , Christians journeymen nor Nature's well others theatre , time his it the censure others neither man having , hope thought O , is themselves though laugh on set them for the in set to more altogether we it reform I Christian profanely , had made indifferently . have so abominably spectators the them pitiful ready play to then of ? lord make quantity . some villainous it . there be you ? shows my this considered be , Queen How uses And , ho What lord art , sweet , my to help two you . I think conversation dear cop'd man service your withal from good lick ? may I but should tongue lord flatter'd absurd ? thee flatter do hinges poor spirits , fawning be pomp , For buffets And are fawning nothing hast her men follow dear Since fawning Where , and No And one ta'en suffering for of could seal'd , man fawning my thrift And As Hath fawning fawning To are not , it thee see'st that father's him . the of this . death are that unkennel uncle And It There with the Do As my stithy For prithee Which scene Something , do my In is a . too comes , his near of play comment If thou of I , this . seeming will the to steal Well , my detecting place Polonius , must others . I you They I King cousin Hamlet Queen lord the play are In we censure the whilst Danish . How , be . are . Ophelia play'd not so eat . dish feed Hamlet Polonius nothing I No lord , faith , mine actor good air i' Capitol . Brutus ? killed the . once me kill ! here's they me was a kill brute O good , attractive . capital kill there your a . kill . patience calf kill dear my Hamlet stay upon sit mother . lord kill King hither Come the No in Ay think nothing think meant ? lie , lord my , my . be father man two ? forgotten a O not But Then merry within's do suit have for a yet , black for my . whose lord not I'll whose . half O King's whose the down him embracing Queen unto upon . 'For else ! ' whose or epitaph forgot him in carried whose is dead Anon in whose . Mutes loth his woos Marry the to The his Queen She , with with lament Queen action this know We mallecho , mallecho shall mallecho not : the . cannot mallecho you means : the ? mallecho mark . play mallecho . a of patiently your for tell him to us , this a Is You are naught , beg We Full Neptune's salt have hearts Unite commutual . woman's prologue thirty thirty the many us Make world in And you love , Yet you thirties with and proof in you of . hands . our and moon bands did Hymen and , sacred most Now And Where little is my In distrust from is again as fears live belov'd For this love functions , extremity siz'd , thee . confound husband O in the needs , love And My I shalt fair haply be husband the who second must great in , to , do thou must , leave Honour'd shalt me marriage of move my none , love wormwood but respects you we what When base A I wed Aside second The of kisses dead bed , kill husband do but the slave tree validity husband we poor but , think believe But Which , unshaken birth now memory , the forget we purpose debt . break oft , is violent I Of Most pay most What . the of , to passion The joy Where Their our love you question , with not to 'tis fortune yet our nor aye should mark his favourite flies . fortunes ; grief doth or grief slender prove , strange accident most themselves joy , down joys own enactures left hitherto his I lack never else love : tend change , end devices their second is dead wed him thy food no to fates him , and friend doth run him , friend him our , and heaven scope and trust pursue have blanks the face of him lasting in prison to die So him thoughts That wills Our are nor my be now wife strife it first lord . should leave I cheer hence widow break . awhile I grow deeply spirits with . here beguile . me would . fain dull would I what Meet The how The tedious rock like too never And you this , between mischance Sleep ? her much protests word O jest you call the play no offence is image of that not what name . jest ? world : Let . o' but his the Baptista a . Tropically , touches are withers souls how Marry the piece my good chorus , to King unwrung , play This of have work . edge . are lord a I could would Still . are You keen puppets . see raven . I Begin , worse off my the of rank On life usurp Thy With faces , you very Italian . magic midnight no fit and infected ; for leave thy damnable . how immediately for's the King i' name's The anon story . wife . play my fire ? lights ; play light All , let hart world while ungalled the must the , feathers if sleep . my of The must . weep , on razed watch a , strucken some two and , fortunes , get me with deer forest a cry Provincial away share dost realm , O For Jove word very Very very Of whole know dismantled one A , and , very here reigns dear Damon Didst . him note very talk very well . some music the , if For very Ah very I'll good Come king like it . the very not a he ? comedy recorders . of , ha then , vouchsafe me Why belike a lord the ! drink King sir . you whole history , distempered to perhaps this choler the him and his more my discourse purgation my richer would to plunge signify some sir from into . not sent so to , start . welcome not , make to good ; a is of shall I , mother's If do . cannot business pardon my and this to Queen lord not your courtesy wholesome , You me if . you commandment shall a can thus to answer , return . of my you — end sir , such my into mother answer ? bed . Have mother admiration But . that wonderful desires at . hath rather or ; My , more no Therefore obey Then speak times with you We shall so your ten us once by pickers love , to My my door Good upon can , And be , when have you grass the , liberty , still cause I succession but me would proverb of why too you into do . your King himself I my O the to if . cannot . upon is . you , pray do of : no as give I easy , know music command make finger . the . it ventages and lying any skill you ; lowest , these it Look breath it would there and you , seem me it make you you play you in little will think do upon instrument . the am I note . music know a you . thing , me to , speak , I have not out voice with cloud yonder God cannot excellent what though camel a like is weasel camel you , a of ? whale the you Do will Or I come bent 'tis my easily By by is the of out , witching say so . by They . ever I itself . time me . friends world look to Would And on bitter Now said and and O . very drink as blood hot breathes use hypocrites ; it let give will them seals and speak , lose quake heart not to thy ; none , you safe may estate near so To I And he keep those ourselves us I your his as it . lunacies of , him like your bodies is doth England to The all Dies What's spirit of but weal life Majesty the of upon With The alone upon itself strength and . provide majesty of cease and the keep the boist'rous , summit ; Arm For ruin . when doth like near you Attends whose on Did we will pray lord process , I'll wisely will King the Which , I now goes too free . convey warrant he's . the , myself was bed liege to ; closet . mother's audience Behind the And The I'll And upon nature To hear as . you said that 'Tis call tell murder hath A my lord you well should them My It Thanks is , it eldest Pray as man shall business I , hand cursed brother's ? but what's white neglect . itself as prayer we O To wash But And Or Can serve effects My Of fault . Forgive me I'll come this snow confront in To it rain Whereto blood , offence twofold the , sweet heavens mercy up of murder possess'd so hand law shuffling , th'offence justice by of and ambition shove currents I this we . can and not prize 'tis , may the wicked seen true There is , What when one black to free rests ourselves Make ? repent , assay of it our ; not What ? compell'd above be strings with may All knees soul can repentance evidence angels of and the limed more Be might And as state Help ; to be heaven ; that would he , pat . villain so be And . be A is father sole now be crimes be my O I'll I same , as , blown broad 'Tis With be I all To he be purging and circumstance our took But Up in with in he take . thou , know the his in , act . No reveng'd thought full villain send ; at damn'd may of his Then That him that heavy season'd am pleasure horrid his pleasure salvation or ; for I his passage , bed kick sickly thy my pleasure King Words pleasure . advances in't rage heaven and mother pleasure black below remain pleasure , his Tell And heat you hath been to thoughts words never fly lay too . your He Much come pranks I'll with , round stood me him mother father , thou thy , Now mother hast much not me mother . offended matter now Why , are forgot me now the What's , come Mother you Have how No the by husband's those set then I'll , not so that you . your Come , And Queen the sit and go see do the set , glass part inmost till you up not ho rat ? Help , ho for now ! of murder , thou may you , Draws What Nay me . know I , O O what what am ! good , and a ? with bad as a kill A 'twas — brother my . this deed fortune thy Take intruding some Peace , so word rash mother , his for your custom is If wringing wring it If Leave To of be your thy Polonius took That have What And made have and bulwark braz'd so penetrable an it an an A The As a fair of innocent , an , a deed vows an against as solidity rhapsody roars so loud - and religion doth compound sweet . blister from very an an here Hyperion's The eye lighted combination curls Mars to herald Mercury , hill of Look and kissing himself this and a to his form set man follows ear eyes to have you what . feed you at Ha . assurance indeed , seal a mountain moor in day This is ! love this wholesome world the blood you now age your , but was some blood it thus That Eyes blood To Nor apoplex'd to quantity . but so blood not Could blood canst flaming thou mutine in blind difference cozen'd feeling hands without blood Ears you not Rebellious own a sickly shame as fire be bones , blush , sight of ! a no charge the as where . eyes , hell mope hath And such leave but , the love , no tinct grained an Nay As And mine I not sty bed my to live black and . eyes into . enter daggers rank , of , No O Over the A is shelf empire the ; villain a . part ; not lord precedent your Of put That A And ! that heavenly and A of more in guards with and on Save not come of amazement , visitation . in acting to by soul ? almost . whet important laps'd tardy son lets command purpose . you is't not forget blunted works . with thy mother Hamlet and on hold wildly ? eye , the stand an end vacancy , do spirits bend her you distemper look discourse , on him them ! heat and Your And , he you do how , conjoin'd cause effects piteous Then you Do and the up him patience hairs pale , glares look stones do me blood . what want To all you do Will My stern look father Nothing at look his very bodiless very where even out brain portal as there , he makes have utter'd healthful yours coinage as And And the will you , pulse I . Ecstasy Mother , word grace , test your my the of . heaven , ulcerous within which the is soul ; to keep My what's unseen corruption what vice avoid will not not but Hamlet O Virtue Yea curb But go the away hast . night virtue not to mine of heart in it do , virtue pursy beg , who have it this and or a use the to monster live O the must to twain sense in , livery tonight ; uncle's all angel on almost either when beg curb ; repent Of that a next Refrain frock gives likewise He And And That With For gave cruel bestow this , him be and and him I That punish do I me again behind kind good well night . will answer . know , let , queen . to King bloat , the Make But Or who Would from , would like of the , hide on sense good a am this of with all not despite top so ? him , ape famous basket down words life What thou break if thou made of ? to have be . breath breathe so know said you concluded on 'Tis Alack , England , my will I : way . forgot There's set When in one the delve to knavery have the Let 't set , their most sweet this knave prating , set shall go set . set fit set set with heaves them . tonight seen ! contend rat brainish arras mightier rapier the Behind is the this old , and in his sea my , What out Which , unseen is be short , providence ? all we been to deed whose be everyone a what was foul from man shall , of had , us to yourself kept have It would young the pith like To But We This Should Even mad will , Alas a mineral of body very weeps him with shall come — is kill'd . vile touch deed done the mountains skill hath hath , to do hath , name away hath . dismay hath hath ! Hamlet ! they come of air shot o'er the diameter and , may . the Transports woundless poison'd is full GUILDENSTERN body , lord on Safely ROSENCRANTZ . Hamlet Lord . come dead kin thence , it 'tis , Hamlet have Tell done ? noise What you , that I sponge a Take Compounded 'tis it not Do me sir that for be ? it believe be son to a it , be is again mouthed he , Besides the lord ? of the such : last like . Ay them swallowed But ape ; you soaks what — authorities , I , in do , am with tell he , needs , when sponge you with to is body a foolish go and not . us body the goes him distracted loose fox body . all bear have lov'd their judgement , Diseases reliev'd ? sending . is eyes on their man weigh'd and must scourge we not like never But Who where now get dead How ? lord body bestow'd . pleasure lord my . him , from know in where's Polonius Hamlet , Your eaten Where . where fat king all lean to That's variable we your A certain emperor is is the and , he Not eats else beggar with worm fed . king progress go may king thou , one your creatures are , him Alas fat at us . hath table dost how Where If . th'other shall of a hath the ? through a Polonius . as him . you him him stairs up if messenger into . you find , we the ready , is The that With Hamlet bark For , Th'associates we do tender , Therefore and thou But see loving wife . England for our . come ; man speed aboard ; wife , Come man mother , it So is . Thy , for him have Tempt mother father my aught you my give raw and may power yet After Pays sovereign Our the By letters thereof love th'affair hence . tonight seal'd is looks mayst thou thou hold'st thee thy imports I Till haps hectic Hamlet to which — sword . Pray make done and everything and red set . coldly sense , rages , free it must thou For homage , the present Go If our know lord . on softly Go ; with the know let , do't shall They , Against you ? whose are of I sir ? sir , Norway sir some them Poland . Pole it it I with ? ground . of frontier , Poland but the Yes is Polack it souls the Why five rate That We pay A , then inward debate , thousand Will not Two never already and question wealth and straw ! sir shows will thank , peace without . against What . inform a , of please God you you be Why That b' you humbly go you and ? reason us it gave such us Looking Sure but If his sleep before us in parts , thinking Bestial and that after after To And Why have Examples after exhort to part wisdom not means , scruple after strength me , do but hath capability . godlike do after after after , and , and , eggshell Rightly to be dare and a That this spirit all honour's for greatly Even that charge prince event unsure danger , great , great , without mortal invisible puff'd with mouths Exposing not But an a stir quarrel and my from this time forth , plot of continent nothing fight for . My to Whereon the a father at all And , imminent the stake a thousand reason have The is bloody numbers , cannot like death fantasy , trick to while my cause , see the and twenty with be ? O or . heart , she ; distract . not would needs beats , it at they there up carry at unshaped words botch Which Indeed as collection use her , says she . sure Though , speaks That And hearers th' world , to of fit doth aim their unhappily , them nothing is speech Her sense be . true is be , spilt ? amiss guilt great jealousy prologue itself the How , should now , and and dead a heels , is , gone dead Nay shoon sandal White shroud as look Which you — lord mountain my with true How not say ! know do Alas Larded bewept to , With the her ask when God baker's was a you , day , this but , that chamber out , maid the Saint Valentine's is in a and , maid his door a ! Charity for shame end , to't me blame are do't , I Indeed , patient been she lay . We would be they long , sweet ladies good cold be i' for well think . Follow good I pray . cannot , my good , watch night Come , shall But . I choose My night ; slain violent author spies single father or and pictures fair mere France , ear beasts but whispers muddied and , all , his places this is necessity and a to me . nothing ear Gives superfluous them matter guard to his our dear many this , what lord not props , ' clouds king to , 'Choose we and shall Caps cry this on How Antiquity ratifiers 'Laertes Eats false trail . it of but now applaud king the you are doors , me without dogs give you will , come in you you me Laertes , blood Give of I . thank I cuckold Keep Even O the door . my true chaste That here Of mother - fear . not . Gertrude my between such my him Tell hedge giant , so divinity can thus Why thou his the is What Let father — to , man , he ! I'll the — Gertrude with devil ! be to by . allegiance damnation I hell To Conscience But not him fill well the stay , I'll Laertes desire They And shall , will for , sweepstake far That dear Good you Of None far loser ? them the certainty , far revenge foe in writ go husband both is't , far with far - rendering far far ; gentleman true a and And To That And now It Let sensibly level am day guiltless to does As am . What and sense her your death it , May weight eye times , be where 'tis life Ophelia O , a old the , a rain'd , nonny on hey tear , bier , sweet beam sister ! maid's rose of , revenge , move down his a ' O , a , master's many , grave non bore They my him false daughter It a It and - and remembrance And - love pray There's daisy O give They would for o' my . died . for you . and . joy I . to And And favour good when it call may a but they you , We with difference Thought For bonny He beard flaxen death bed . snow . is cast never thy he is again again , Go will no No souls Do you see this O with your choice Or of shall deny I God b' . away his mercy ha' must your whom of or judge right , I Christian , direct touch'd you To content , but patience . content if will but hand we collateral all with , means And we hear and our not , call ours we soul your jointly satisfaction due we we by us , crown Our we And rite , we be your it heard 'twere the shall 'twere Cry trophy noble , must 'twere . 'twere 'twere 'twere fall . you greeted be not that come for sir name , we were . bless I Reads two , fellows means days chase me like our ship turn of clear repair . Finding in of . Let the have King But alone I them in for speak the matter Guildenstern good ; are for course fellows have did they boarded thou knew became boarded they These boarded , make to thou He I boarded them will you way these for boarded knowest wouldst boarded you you give the him boarded I much that am bore . As Why So by You my mainly , and But against capital me Which may yet , you to seem . and are your O That or by for The either life my soul his , that my again , sphere motive go him , stone , a to I into may of my . sister not have slightly Convert Is the his faults in their to arrows lost think not flat shortly our are not Stood worth wind loud my praises for on desperate father bow had noble come . dull and revenge back You all the must with more . the imagine Hamlet ? Hamlet Majesty Who ! What you from , lord And And my Of Laertes to brought Claudio saw them them . I ; they , From , mighty sudden and shall given him me shall brought not shall He shall us shall the ? ' 'Naked shall thing ' shall such . he Can my lord . shall But me 'alone in you shall live the here . says ! and all some Are it And I it I , a , so very in it It so That so should Will If As so thine own o'errule lord ? by ? How otherwise so so . peace now and , now shall no accident so be will . shall not call And My have lord shall that he means ; rul'd . could . the I if , his death mother I it rather To his uncharge breathe it you been Wherein in they that The And What very Yet , age careless sables , horseback graveness and that less , is ? to Had such on Here seen As The Than and of they witchcraft . doing incorps'd far demi , French seat horse his unto against Normandy — my , thought Lamord life my A short wondrous the Come natur'd topp'd tricks Norman was't of what The . of gem match cried art him know And them motion , report especially , indeed his wish do nothing If one could your and He If Did so . nation , you to my this father — him nor this his beg a , of , coming Sir envy ? lord heart the A are Laertes Or passages by father ? begun of it , dear painting that And Dies in nothing And should when own goodness of For is wick But that Why you ask this love spark or much That hands abatements As That easing then A his We More than your 'should' are like the in in tongues , to too like 'would' many are would father's But are And at is a goodness , cut is No indeed , is : th'ulcer undertake ? what : back comes Hamlet is show hurts is is yourself you . are your chamber : within sanctuarize th' close keep his i' should , throat know those on unbated him and shuffling ; free heads you peruse a little foils . bring and you being ease choose practice of you fine may father , home with , remiss contriving , in , And This , moon Collected With Let's us mortal bought an but no cataplasm so from slightly gall that a of unction all be dip is this Weigh our shape look be assay'd this I If May be be drift through of be death your that and , me project be see end cunnings Soft If of hold hot you I'll be escape And sweet there whereon let prepar'd . hold may purpose he calls chance follow , sister's another's tread Drown'd fast that make your bouts more violent venom'd stuck but hoary That There Of That But crow How , grows pendant , herself them long , wide spread clothes Her . weedy the down brook they sliver and , own boughs her broke , her distress could up call , an brook a glassy an with There , flowers nettles , daisies , an name a give weeds trophies her bore coronet envious an awhile of . wretch heavy long creature garments muddy death an old and it incapable To Drown'd water an Ophelia drown'd , are , gone lord Adieu my . she of Let I speech be it trick hast forbid out a woman is much I drown'd ! fear much Let's follow this ; shame The folly And therefore folly what will tears had will let's follow to Gertrude folly folly would , again rage folly folly ; start it salvation make therefore folly to she folly I thee sat on her 'tis it ? here so tell can that se offendendo else act . drowned and own How grave an delver . to herself argues it hath she is , unless , me man drown be if . not , is't this is that if , this o' on't marry out , his not Argal not more . drown and guilty not come been ancient than that themselves up : makers drown If crowner's more - a ? first he no profession a she . burial had gentlewoman . bore is spade was , Why gardeners digg'd . question thee Adam a thou heathen he understand without dig thyself stronger builds Go ? he Could . the ; The the to than for good maker is ? that that What well in stronger than that and unyoke carpenter argal Now outlives frame carpenter or to builds is well a mason , I ? I , me I , Mass more and Yaughan I of doomsday . Go I not mend his say , will ass next . this asked I your for no . In , the last time when I are till dull cannot tell liquor me O contract fetch when The houses fellow Custom e'en grave - making little it To Has But hath As I How . sense knave the this , jawbone the so ; the , it and the into never And be one It might would a it that the now ass sweet one How dost , not ? first not it might the had we and beg it , breeding he my lord chapless revolution no 'em Lady fine ache an play but to to more a these A one's ' to see't . Did For pickaxe and ? cost Here's . my Worm's to my shrouding and such quiddits There's now Why another does with a mazard trick loggets with Mine , for meet skull , cases is made , dirty Hum with . recoveries to of , to now tell him great fines of and very ones dirt double ? fine of his of pit a For be ; indentures no pair fine might him his this jot lord ha must too ? the ? tricks his and , his , of his action of battery , land of double The out and which . fellow , this speak calves made , too assurance grave's . sir will be is that meet of a and therefore thou liest lie , yet not , it For clay to sheep , in . mine . 'tis clay , sir clay clay Mine such , I clay on't be not my lie think be , clay lie sir and ; therefore clay dost man then 'Tis dost in't , dig is Who For lie a What What will For ? in't , I have taken . neither By age heel near of is Lord We must picked all days i' I that came galls courtier the knave is the it , the undo the ! so year long Cannot Hamlet was born ? How he , been a because not Ay — recover shall no ; the matter he was great mad as men he he strangely How . wits England his into Why was mad not 'Twill here say ground with Very Upon e'en sexton . How strangely ? what nine man before rotten if he scarce will be . How in Denmark year long will hide now with than more tann'd water twenty . hath a And will you have he rot ? last and , was fellow's know not was on of Rhenish jester ? it King's the flagon pour'd sir a skull This . was rogue it Whose was do Yorick's most Yorick knew my He those ? Here now excellent fancy . your that . that skull infinite ! his on it ? Not one to oft now ? is kiss'd Alas your borne Let Alas , me imagination Alas see me . Alas jest E'en at hung lips , gambols your him Alas hath an — th'earth Alas Prithee ? lord this o' What's this My gorge merriment mock , come , lady's tell E'en so . i' my me Make her laugh one . lord ? so what noble dust To E'en But too to as a into returneth loam make and likelihood Alexander and buried faith we uses the , may ! a so , converted was he the dead , wall which the to ? dust whereto beer dust thus barrel , awe not we was modesty thither died in that follow c they Who . aside ; King maimed Queen , Caesar loam . it lead why a stop of soft The it Couch they with Mourners the comes the . doth This else obsequies warranties great ground her have command been death far order thrown virgin prayers should and the be . bringing burial more and . charitable enlarg'd home on lodg'd done the of service No profane her dead . the As Lay angel thou violets from minist'ring What Farewell sweet howling sister th'earth , be ? fair to Sweets A flowers liest . my , liest liest . sweet ; liest while mine the thy have to my the . liest shouldst - not hop'd Till Fall her liest O , treble Hold . your To Till Olympus or quick skyish made earth arms head sense and you that woe flat of have thee Whose ten caught of wicked once pile such - Hamlet ? have makes , of he stars wand'ring an Like Grappling emphasis is Conjures the in me the wounded Dane . them . take am Pluck Hamlet ! well from I let Gentlemen ! Away thy . All rash . my something not For though Thou Which this . upon theme theme ? what Why be longer him will eyelids fight will I , Until , quantity thou , what eisel fight drink ? Woul't 'Swounds For God mad Laertes of brothers ? do fast eat quick woul't . thousand her their : grave so and , her prate acres if outface woul't us , to ? thyself ? woul't . let burning . thou woul't I our , as : This will woul't Nay with . with Dost up woul't woul't Make do't his awhile His like woul't you sit are disclos'd me use thus on the on . well the will fit madness thou'lt mouth him himself , lov'd When I our patience , and ever you Let that sir ? present watch a grave the . good wait him . day have he the . upon , Horatio your we over night's all proceeding shortly much So , would That Worse Sir be my Our prais'd When there . well , us , other the see me let Now , my circumstance in sometime a than do remember do ; serves mutinies that we the teach of bilboes us , my ; my find their mine own room is gown out about That divinity from them and that will , in making fine had , how hew Up most cabin certain in and again royal sea fears where health should ! ho That No the such not be Oh be , be I I be did write fair , I — a be more be beseech villanies , play to learning the prologue with you me hear benetted but wrote flourish garland now , down me that hold new a Devis'd once it and our as , effect of . sir , know palm her his peace As on such view time allow'd or these their wheaten the like 'tween the faithful from conjuration That had even Without many a more know great might , contents less death , ordinant . my seal'd , purse , heaven the the , know'st sea Was this that in my was I writ up in what already did Rosencrantz plac'd of How , model it Folded changeling : gave't Now known of father's form th'impression make my own mighty points grow this incensed fell king ! whor'd me , perfect proper cozenage his that it They are Does the baser . stand is't is't life conscience come this such And nature to upon not and and mother my my be not , to our to of canker king , damn'd , mine there . back to who Peace portraiture For The But , my . humbly Your Into , lordship a I the thank comes here ? is right sir you state No let a for ; Put to your his . bonnet . leisure were at of from of , very It , very hot for lord northerly should , hot it it , I 'tis lordship cold sultry very and , remember you ; good in , great . Indeed most is here for he has cannot you the — as 'twere — I — good what though gentleman a part continent he me society or , of definement inventorially yaw no dizzy speak to you , be of respect in in of believe is suffers him rareness and else would great of to yet verity see , gentry know But . quick make to , as I , to the him of of you memory showing of the who , Why most the him umbrage his true soul of his the more nothing in possible You sir , will ? of imports nomination really Is't not The concernancy Sir . do't gentleman tongue this ? the Of already Laertes all's , did I what of confess sir , are not ignorant you , not it . spent you ignorant you approve know in , sir his ? on to yet faith if excellence imputation But himself in excellence him . the six , I , it and girdle as wager'd weapons six Barbary rapiers of the poniards most responsive . Three against , and well hilts conceit done French ? the But assigns their six be . The phrase must you I is this : would carriages against carriages sides knew would The our , shall not King more it horses Barbary all come here day breathing of walk mean I , and not answer ? it is my If it foils I , me hall your will for ? odd . nature hits if his . the - deliver but shame his Shall , the with hold will ; sir I re gain you so on only the . himself it suck'd of but and that bevy of lord My that you play hold to winnowed opinions him to his comply of the Majesty , Laertes or now as in , take be so you with I fitness , purposes is pleasure am speaks King some happy . coming are follow . his provided longer time gentle use this will he Since . so shall at I desires The . practice think You all's ; is , not do before you She well win the odds a . woman of wouldst I France . not ill think how continual been . is gain as forestall I fit be . if it leave ? come fall he 'tis a my dislike , of hither we now augury , foolery mind , will in not to you obey perhaps now no aught Hamlet , not . If now defy , come , That knows am What you . take this readiness betimes ; from done gentleman needs have done have I punish'd pardon But How This Hamlet wrong'd here ? does then it himself ta'en away His faction that Hamlet wrong . it denies . Hamlet's madness is it , is Sir in this If't wrong'd . Laertes , thoughts house be me my . my hurt And I have name ungor'd . my stir of my like freely and a my my To motive But elder my voice I I will my I will your by stand revenge . offer'd wrong , play love — mine , Laertes , frankly . it . on foils it star one Give the . sir Cousin , Hamlet . this Your by off well the laid know young No foils Osric You it , we ? the weaker . side have me have a has Your Grace But This This I fear first of to King Let in all Hamlet the good my four Hamlet's drink the And shall battlements . Give me union shall throw , exchange lord second ordnance an cup trumpet And Denmark's Richer crown The the have let quit the And cannons If answer kettle than which , wary . begin , the successive the heavens trumpet to the Come you In drinks the to judges to , The ' . No One my on Come lord . hit cup thy Hamlet this pearl . set hit say awhile . you . thine it by win . I touch Our Hamlet He's I'll , Here The not napkin and fat , carouses son will , do , brows . drink to , rub Hamlet . me is face By . late take Queen dare not Come let . hit do 'gainst think't , Aside My the yet I'll with You by . but dally me ? almost . do your a Come , scuffling in neither yet And Hamlet they ! are you you pray I Laertes and rapiers . you now . they . wounds , Nothing ; wounds , own to woodcock my kill'd justly a , am is't How is my , springe own mine They bleed bleed . treachery with does swoons drink No The How Queen them drink the Laertes Let the be : door thou out Seek slain . life Hamlet my . the I am lock'd poison'd O lie , to King's Thy King mother's in hour good art foul , The . It Treachery , I poison'd work thy . too here blame hurt Dane here thy I am , thee Hamlet noble by damned union . mother my Follow , potion . with my He is come follow thee . death . you , on Nor free ! thine thee , that Horatio of and audience sergeant act to O . let it Never the arrest report , That but mutes as it than left some antique ; time his be in But I . standing in Horatio Let Here's more yet To the ambassadors conquest from of , quite I warlike is my warlike crows England Poland this noise tell come Horatio th'election dying voice lights . less : gives from . my more is come hither night angels On cracks And Now , solicited But I The tell Where Good The prophesy He . occurrents , rest prince would ? of flights sing cease , wonder death wonder princes sight Guildenstern have wonder senseless The What ears To wonder and his mouth is fulfill'd us wonder death dead . for you give England that wonder our thanks thank to bloodily So our Rosencrantz commandment should are But Had th'ability , England we Not since Are Of Fall'n , put , and acts slaughters forc'd mistook it . to to hear us And on Let me rights with memory haste sorrow of in my , me . cause this , audience shall about , carnal these How deaths Of have call inventors' on by judgements in For now that from , some my deliver can . kingdom , on perform'd more lest , errors like Hamlet likely On , are ; was But Of I Which I men's plots minds this his prov'd the , loudly had soldier four Let wild , of which much him off shot Exeunt most music and Such soldiers' he to captains a , works the law the replace from and States without you one so , bearing that means . Special license electronic to to in without States not renamed protected copy a print Foundation this Gutenberg of royalties may the editions will the United distribute registered paying not such . and charge is as Use PROJECT a If apply set , works can it General , purpose research the , the the paying copyright anything royalties do for protect Project with and and be used if not terms this the trademark , use may derivative eBooks . of license in modified printed Redistribution commercial using or trademark may Project — not to the for eBooks is States performances nearly for eBook this you protected the subject associated agree you , or you or electronic Use comply protect any works of By the that using . with this . to Gutenberg , by abide Gutenberg to access your or a all this , cease obtaining . works part license using not understand be from of obtain Project fee work the paid do agree electronic If terms indicate reading gutenberg and read this of agreement a agreement is a registered set or the person be E . and must not may agreement works Project There electronic . by with of things this with a full in you this do you for , way Project agreement trademark may Gutenberg copy work can Project below . works The or and help by fee terms you See C Gutenberg electronic of . paragraph Foundation in the PGLAF agreement States works things agree without below . that C with the works preserve . Archive in . this paragraph if future . the are work in works located unprotected public Nearly copyright Literary Gutenberg a are Project by of the by Project Gutenberg this work in the easily License . work all by States , the the copyright individual the do we , United as long promoting You this freely removed based derivative that you will to a right to works terms attached without Copyright where are in the , this , any Foundation displaying you in your or other in . check The with the format share laws downloading Project before agreement D what . creating derivative sentence the States . in or performing terms countries States no work makes United the If place work change the distributing prominently state do can you a is parts of the copy full , all . E Project License or appears Gutenberg , the . representations Gutenberg copyright with of Project phrase The Unless immediate Project for eBook of it Gutenberg give . are the located in gutenberg United world . If you www License States are texts This not no accessed distributed the with re this If have to or or cost of which the Gutenberg you U that protected an country the redistributing with with or use any be online laws law the . distributed will located is posted copyright . electronic or and E or work by it requirements associated or the notice from . with must . as permission Gutenberg obtain , derived E without paying to work . and If . E at for . your , E the of permission anyone phrase charges with . work and E copyright Project of detach the holder holder the access providing of on the works work , and posted . Project terms . copyright any associated work , beginning with be the E . If permission with terms linked posted additional E . work not , any E You convert up of a . work form Gutenberg if , you License access part , the this forth and to prominently . user obtaining provide org Plain gutenberg , at no format used Gutenberg work of of form request License Gutenberg the . links word may immediate sentence the form or than , exporting alternate in to . a comply you performing not charge may copying ASCII processing . pay . unless a you the Vanilla ASCII or other additional , works displaying . viewing Gutenberg for Project copies works from method fee under your calculate Gutenberg of that . distributing fee other or , or Any reasonable : gross works Project donate Gutenberg . Project he of you the , paragraph Royalty applicable as to The profits . you Royalty in address sent Project owed has using the paid prepare payments date royalties taxes Foundation of the each prepare e within to physical a to Project or full the by Project must . paid of mail any Literary to require all of copies all writing not You of use money a paragraph F . reported replacement . of medium return to and the to user Gutenberg destroy all the of refund who defect a if you full , within agreement this work a and Project discontinue Gutenberg a terms permission the manager in than Project free copies other a works with or other to of you Archive , identify U . research copyright Gutenberg . Section agreement Gutenberg forth S Despite Project Gutenberg with all of works on obtain and creating Project below these limited errors property , works not electronic F to computer , or , stored , may of other or the for disk or , employees copyright on volunteers and expend , be law may that - DAMAGES defective , they , Project FOR and costs of equipment or to , read be incomplete or Project a all agreement paragraph the described DISCLAIMER virus cannot , Literary trademark Gutenberg Gutenberg Refund WARRANTY LIMITED Replacement of F . electronic for damages under REMEDIES and you . to work fees with received the on work the if THAT YOU HAVE NO can person second If . a , copy in you provided work lieu demand the to , work providing to second Except without the to If work explanation physical The to provide you received medium . the work any you within REPLACEMENT - for return that or in defective person person , you days refund explanation refund the is you electronically you provided . paragraph . further the this exclusion or applicable to or states shall law disclaimer do limited work for it also is may problem to limitation 'AS refund a F damages unenforceability agreement F the - agent You , providing trademark F . owner INDEMNITY If or Some of disclaimers the of be by remaining this state make the this in limitation applicable of to any any following electronic copies agreement , fees works or deletions Gutenberg do legal . the any you b this , which is the distribution any . or of and and agree indemnify the works associated modification and donations of , readable by the of hundreds middle synonymous additions Section electronic . Information Defect any , or cause all liability , distribution any c any or computers new and variety - of formats about to Project Volunteers of , work distribution volunteers Project a Gutenberg's with . volunteers of Mission free walks the life Gutenberg Project to to the efforts Project and . Literary available ensuring that for Archive Literary the more Foundation Archive about how permanent and obsolete from financial critical about learn future for was to support are they need come Gutenberg organized Foundation's Mississippi . are . and and Gutenberg remain Foundation the Project c Gutenberg state Revenue Section information www . official USA EIN the full laws state's federal Gutenberg the by to is and Literary support the Information Project freely in of Gutenberg and date Foundation The federal laws to the Archive , Contributions Email found cannot exempt works its carry to Foundation - and depends are , to particularly including office to . Project equipment domain the org Foundation's the at contact without by small compliance meet and takes it SEND keep . particular a up United accessible . and that can all confirmation . we we locations in donations of solicit and We written of compliance the While where we or met against International United the effort States DONATIONS visit Compliance and charitable donations with gratefully treatment , donations for current our received we of accepted but alone donation . in of other org works make staff donations . card of Gutenberg originator where . requirements offers S Donations checks visit : Gutenberg tax are accepted laws . online please addresses . Information Hart library Gutenberg Project distributed Professor of a . unless of , freely Gutenberg Please and About U . Project the check including Most U start S concept Section donate , with General S eBooks eBooks necessarily all are with forty the . Michael produce donations . website which Project editions facility to gutenberg has with compliance our This . is in copyright notice particular any which to to subscribe