Nay . You come most Stand yourself . there ! this them hear I you to Friends The night the And Give good think soldier you O honest who . liegemen Horatio - reliev'd you ? hath , Give Barnardo , tonight Marcellus . Welcome , us will 'tis apparition this seen hold but I belief , the again our Therefore this What , Horatio . Welcome , good ? him us fantasy again thing this of eyes watch approve twice of take minutes sight let not And may and . to entreated have not , our seen this , ears come this if That Had Where made so fortified against appear Sit once have two us let That , now us Last star it thee bell his And course Horatio comes one of that beating yond all , same Peace art In it the me Looks ; it , it It like It the majesty be it wonder to Horatio . Most . In that usurp'st warlike speak . Denmark , time spoke would , Question that away night form thee . speak . not ! more ! heaven I ! charge it , See ? charge is march , fantasy believe and I Before ! speak ! Stay ! Is What this ! Without the like to ? look than ! might ? on ! angry combated Norway when Polacks an he armour very frown'd Of , once smote So Such it the twice before the 'Tis to scope opinion me that . hour our gone at . knows . ice this our mart strict for foreign And So With In now Why the Why Good same particular and But This bodes some day sweaty the observant watch , whose sore . King with this can is't impress And What Doth that by , Whose least make not Sunday this our Sunday appear'd . Sunday from shipwrights inform labourer , me that Sunday valiant our can night so Fortinbras which in ; his seiz'd Sunday the by he which , law ; on this ratified by stood the as image the goes , us of a know even but by with , Well by most and to of life , inheritance all heraldry Hamlet return'd competent conqueror his , there full as cov'nant , moiety , those forfeit Did Hath doth and up father to As His Was Shark'd , hot , the , here resolutes by those foresaid And . Fortinbras young and sir , mettle . Hamlet Of food a lost motive watch I lands other strong , compulsatory main this I by That For terms may The In A stood and it armed was is through mote A be post the Is this Of The it palmy Julius dead . events eclipse empire of still gibber ere most our question of mightiest the like wars . fell the the ; graves Did harbingers the the sun doomsday coming together and where , Lo our fire and blood , fates fierce precurse preceding to climatures ! any , or , me blast the with dews of earth countrymen the prologue whose Upon If earth I'll cross soft earth Have Unto may thou earth and earth , treasure say thy , fate to earth and be of voice Marcellus womb the in . speak ! and with of , avoid in uphoarded , ease , to to foreknowing hast privy Speak happily death my at Shall earth walk you , I Do To For will not strike , was Upon fearful , The And Doth with his It our it it We do it the like shrill ; fire confine summons to the erring , and , then when the the sounding earth spirit probation . cock truth or at And of of the that is 'gainst , abroad , on And , say are , Wherein our that the night , warning in air Th'extravagant in sea or object his To The fairy takes . I Walks Break the , wholesome no singeth , strike time advice planets no hath is it believe the stir long . part seen will , us nights hallow'd , hill eastward by this fitting have we us , him ? our to , clad mantle russet in of up what acquaint to yon we As This Though Where Do yet Laertes Voltemand , consent we shall in , do't Let's The To To shall Lords of be Therefore our with be Yet sorrow hath in funeral and with dropping dirge one With contracted , a defeated state . nature him ; kingdom befitted brother's whole our warlike on of brow young all our , For that , wisdoms know supposal along by dream us with message , Fortinbras worth and our weak affair Your to mirth In this With Our Or to scale ; frame , have , here of brother's law him with : have of out dear disjoint this fail'd , for business brother not state thinking follows his meeting Fortinbras young this those lands we in purpose bed and gait lists Out You is subject full herein is further of bearers Giving business For , is Of Who much our Now Thus To Norway nephew's rid is we you to articles is and commend VOLTEMAND is . our duty is . the power , dispatch Voltemand Norway more further greeting proportions are scope . Laertes heartily . than news with ? thy the mouth not beg Dane , Laertes of more hand The You , you the , all farewell . show we will nothing what's the : cannot voice is What thou , the to , What my instrumental Denmark to thy lord favour Dread the more not told From leave is Than And You of us That your wouldst bow them must and And Have hath your My have He Upon By , do beseech I you I , cousin , fair best And But petition wrung from consent Polonius pardon and leave leave my the than thy Take Aside my that Hamlet eye like too still . vailed friend , look with thy lids Denmark , the i' and you ! will thy off ? thy noble common 'tis Seek Good . How kin , and less than kind sun on the in cast I am a nighted lives not know'st Why seems it so particular with breath inky Ay it must dust that , is it thee . visage the haviour shows of , grief suits my If madam , That I have are denote can , madam with but and the actions within suits passeth These truly me customary of river ; eye the in alone No Together For dejected , all the Nor and a black . 'Tis forms they But These In know these you That lost that sorrow , your which your ; is bound , term persevere father , as to , mind course heaven impatient is a be to some 'Tis But be stubbornness simple we we Why to A be be Take For any understanding An be death fault what it of the unprevailing be ; no less . your be note take world us , earth to throw throne theme today , intent : our to to father love son toward back most chiefest Here Than And a of As You desire school beseech cheer courtier best madam . go ourself in and . in my a Denmark grace of , reply . Hamlet to not you eye son , our her , obey accord Madam a jocund great King's And Sits itself a God , again heaven Come thunder Thaw the O , that self , slaughter earthly the resolve . months two That Fie a to Hyperion So excellent not ; not should rank fie me too Everlasting , of an it king ; would the to Seem Possess Visit he a nay might ! her I By fed remember face too roughly things ! 'gainst - merely to ! As ! on't tears . followed , month little seed ; That was my of and hang grown ! even of father's discourse — beast — increase ? not which God O Like ; and , on loving to mother on him — eyes to sheets . Ere Than I the in salt flushing O , wicked speed her most she , or Niobe My of a tears , of — reason with she wants — Why , of of of dexterity it I of my to ! lord ; of . I lordship your to Horatio I'll I am good lord . friend ? Good — Wittenberg you Wittenberg that change to what make are say affair know ear enemy make Marcellus . truant no own you truster I your drink ere see came I coldly furnish had had seen thrift I prithee lord see it ! Horatio forth not mock , it Indeed , my My Or I methinks foe day see I — I ever , a . all ? father while for With Season attent your ear , admiration an This till a . I . had let together to and nights For God's these me on hear you middle . Armed thus Barnardo of , love marvel Upon like Marcellus Appears slow and stately and length secrecy him whilst ; fear them with - their dead In encounter'd waste point the had truncheon's oppress'd with they as , Where hands them In at exactly Goes Within his their of Form Stand My thing ? good , word deliver'd both more like speak watch where did And the at But I And we then the sight in honour'd As 'Tis very it know you , sound it strange my of down , let To do , watch ? foot . anger than he look'd sorrow lord saw you he , lord My very like . Stay'd , It I would have much , one Very with moderate and longer . BARNARDO you there had . been would haste seen grizzled was beard His I , saw't tell long it might . his you will tonight , life in gape , I have me bid Upon the an else hitherto my If I Give it platform , doubt some spirit play in to ! is will requite duty Our the Though Till My to my benefit . And And My let is sister all still sit I them were But , A Hold violet , not it you trifling ? not minute , lasting of of and the that winds , crescent For as not more No and sweet a blood of , primy , suppliance a permanent in The ? the he besmirch his , himself his will ; but not birth depends circumscrib'd health ; his wide but is fear own his to will cautel you persons state ; and loves must now Perhaps soil now And For He virtue as may His The of : body believe and is treasure chaste what he . must himself for Carve And voice your in which goes no further songs may wisdom fits he choice ; list if Then of you act particular his far of saying weigh your To his loss ; honour his your deed to it , open , the heart lose Or Be to Contagious the blastments are liquid be of the desire . spring . fear imminent brother . lesson my th'effect itself watchman shall as this though safety and their her of Out If then itself 'scapes not calumnious , heaven , to my long fear here Whilst ungracious . good . is upon Aboard Laertes blessing a a And the primrose not not ; shame . comes father . grace path smiles too I stay O , aboard of my There in wind are Those friends thou any familiar thou Grapple Be do unto Look And character , hatch'd to that , judgement . steel of no thoughts Give precepts his and but thy their . tongue and rank the ; purse , generous thy but but of thy oft but beware ; Take each Of But entrance th'opposed select borrower loses borrowing above oft Neither For Give loan must not all Thou as thine dulls of chief , lender proclaims . take I you do blessing humbly canst my be : season leave Farewell have you . said , time 'Tis my I The And , man . shall remember tend it , And is't keep memory . the of yourself said : oft put yourself . late you ? bethought the on I the Give yourself truth me ? you made of his . up your and daughter understand caution as to time my If And your way You it 'Tis is He What ! Pooh Of do , audience been , free Do know I'll believe As between tenders sterling you That Marry I have teach , you'll of for tenders tender these , me pay baby phrase , poor a think ; should true dearly , with fashion fool to go wind Tender . to , ta'en not thus crack importun'd it countenance blazes these the , both daughter me . to go , to . speech I prodigal to the blood light more , not Set of for your entreatments promise tongue catch woodcocks how , For . him larger Than so Than much their than scanter command be you at your is know : a Lord Ophelia , suits , show investments for . this , time presence Hamlet walk they unholy , plain you to words mere Have in , I The dye which of and are tether parley to And of obey As believe But Breathing Not , so slander terms would shall charge shrewdly is now ; come with your Hamlet . an I it lacks I What eager . walk . it , No . of hour near draws It wont upspring ? held is it this mean , takes swaggering pledge reels his and then Ay Is of and lord ; kettle drains and doth his rouse , Rhenish trumpet And This clepe and indeed it phrase , a it Makes us us pith our Soil traduc'd - marry I of tax'd born though manner in heavy our achievements chances mole nature Since headed addition oft and By their choose his nature our west and east revel and drunkards , of with guilty in at perform'd , o'erleavens not star as — of pales , manners the that these , and some that o'ergrowth down breaking , habit , livery they as undergo The censure Fortune's of , of dram take pure one — infinite in From the that Look a of grace health or blasts charitable of such or us it . or heaven thee shape his To thou not cerements . I'll bones Dane , Hamlet , sepulchre , lord my , wicked Be Bring Hath op'd his ponderous wicked in hearsed marble again What in wicked night , canoniz'd burst me Wherein thou Revisit'st wicked To Making horridly to beyond So wicked of disposition , we ? wicked , this of the you is impartment away . did with ? Wherefore thoughts ? hideous this and courteous action do . it should What souls with a with you But It Look ; no means I It speak not It I it tempt And Which deprive summit other horrible the flood again thing a me soul , that , itself it can you waves Being dreadful base toward the if there And The not . thee still many so It on go , hands off You shall Hold my . lord . cries artery lion's . beneath roar it And , Go . your heaven , I am as As I'll make call'd hardy And makes I the fate Nemean Still away He , a ! By not with of me . him , that ghost I'll . let's will in to thou me , Heaven Something Nay lead , him Mark When sulph'rous what Must I up , I am , poor lend shall I not To Speak when thou . thy revenge What ? unfold . Pity but . So bound , Till burnt foul the for And for To I up unfold soul like thy prison my ; that days I term , in thy am spirit to done away freeze start combined Doom'd day But my I lightest whose could the purg'd locks house father love O , list ! not porpentine stand to the quills Like most strange , this thou of ears To But Revenge ! Murder O and thoughts . apt be Haste But itself in my unnatural love the the May to , I shouldst abus'd rots duller find thou thou noble death of , life father's . hear Denmark Lethe And virtuous shameful gifts , power beast ! won — wit was falling , a and love gifts incestuous did know . have , of uncle wicked wit , seeming - his that prophetic my O that with my of will O of Though lust But virtue it to poor vow , link'd air of were will heaven bed be garbage in a a as natural marriage in hand went it I let be I her wretch court never orchard the . custom my juice hour of always me With on my enmity an leperous the on on doth the effect man , within afternoon , on ; sudden gates a like a And on And curd lazar thin on - natural swift porches uncle , into So body , like and , my with eager instant the at loathsome , of vile most The , of Thus wholesome smooth blossoms brother's of unanel'd to it ! mine about and Most life Cut With Let not thy nature O horrible but of a my ; my by sleeping , All reckoning No but but not mother pale his to well , lodge thy act contrive , but me but , adieu Adieu - sting aught , bed , my on royal luxury Fare thorns the her her but ! thee bear of damned thee matin that leave incest ; the bosom ! O And , glow And Yea distracted the all all , stiffly while table copied shall live observation commandment volume all Within And That of books villain pernicious and , not fie , up trivial with My villain O one baser book my by heaven ! past brain , damned down ! it ! there pressures , lord My . adieu to me . and , Within So be ho ! lord ? Come ! noble . come . lord wonderful O What Good No , Nor my I lord lord heaven I would HORATIO , then and be my dwelling knave it — grave , all shall and ; right the . all Denmark in arrant this are circumstance point — you at the hands my go , lord . part poor part : tell me you us friends , tonight . faith . already . Swear . indeed there cellarage the thou truepenny sword lord , Art . ground our sword , have . Swear again , Swear speak of Beneath Well And said A There dreamt , I your odd or are are you arms pronouncing perchance strange As To put more as How things in of seeing 'There out — most your of mercy Swear and such know' giving could some of times encumber'd I me , would' , together is willing May do And t'express his a and lips it set O . let's . to us to in Hamlet spite , you friending I of your cursed right him do his visit Reynaldo . sir keep finding . Look where , touch you and in , distant , of , Danskers said and drift son some do you mark and knowledge question . I Enquire and they Than you as By , how That What this your particular my and this say be in me first what , who , know do company And Take 'I , and him , him' 'twere . his of him , on ; rank and . take marry , you but Ay Quarrelling , As may if't As companions such him please I he wanton noted known lord You you drinking , and , of usual far my , put is flash seem and may meaning he not season breathe must they savageness Of of of the taints unreclaimed but dishonour it to the may , quaintly good sir , I here's would do my warrant liberty — that . my ? of , lord a converse in The sir Your As thing You I 'Good , sir and you or ' Very does I does country or ; the to with phrase the — did Where to about the , He By 'friend At about I mass At say thus , you him with , say such he , Or saw in there such consequence' the say so in was say say bait of him out tennis' ay ! you of of say say See and . bias of say brothel my , thus , 'I At with I There Videlicet closes enter a And , I , directions of . you have advice truth ? lord . indirections of takes this you God my You by So Shall well . yourself lord my , let ply in . lord fare my lord his his my shall . Well , lord Alas How affrighted ? Farewell him what's was as lord Lord No in , foul'd , stockings of unbrac'd God , knocking his doublet his head , My as Hamlet with down his gyved hat his lord goes with He of my of a draw falls As last thrice And his he And As head sigh so end it did a , hand perusal little shatter his mine so , me , last his over without bended he doors the the way seek , King . eyes on , me bulk , and stay'd Long and profound light will went done piteous , waving turn'd me as violent Whose And Come go This leads As What o' without their go of , late did you as but natures am sorry , That that quoted I And , sorry , I am better fear'd he did but jealousy younger good does That I His . judgement our as proper our to is mad heed . beshrew to close utter him As be To must Hamlet's sending to use long Since Of that it provoke love him put was hasty to to you I dream I That youth the , you thus should be court so your young of much nor transformation have much , we did and , you see . death . of humour hath , entreat and our companies gather men lies unknown you afflicts are will . it there with himself his of to open'd sure And , of brought glean him remedy within pleasures by to , your may , on us our you living two gentry and time and As show more adheres not you Your As sovereign into us command in , ourselves And To give your the to Put bent , power majesties your Both of feet . service up To be at your you . is practices our gentlemen make , visit . Guildenstern Rosencrantz , Thanks Thanks , much And these son Guildenstern you Go good lord . to presence bring news good , good Assure , duty Are Norway and helpful . Th'ambassadors lord think Both I And hath else my , soul brain sure have lunacy policy so to : found th'ambassadors do I liege I great in and , them cause to — and my do As The God trail of fruit source me do news sweet , the . death it The , of no o'erhasty , that that son's all Thyself shall His Well we and to grace queen other . distemper but is head tells fair , our our friends . my , he and , impotence , Norway he , sent to Polack ; age , levies a borne from before , Majesty , never brief hand in which of Norway old be he whereat against overcome in your those joy arms thousand entreaty levied And Through it an With such As us you to before his him That your regards are consider'd likes therein So commission employ crowns as , against to , herein further give shown On And safety this enterprise allowance . My liege should Why brevity is of day the tediousness thank and think upon this business labour : night we'll home time . wit define art is . all : 'tis is , That I . A 'tis art at figure foolish no use I swear go to Your , and mad that , less nothing noble outward soul . let else true mad that remains , say it Madam Mad we that , now have the comes thus she whilst the that , effect this out grant farewell But rather he that with matter More true true that a her my soul's most Now daughter have , phrase : and given me That let us it I To the celestial Thus an ill Ophelia is . beautified surmise , mine , and , the and — obedience ; vile this . vile to a , that I madam Hamlet awhile thou truth to reckon not him Adieu ear to time by All As I am obedience above given by means . his love and , to it , liar love . this O I . is believe to me solicitings , hath his me the you ? of . mine think might But hot , I would of receiv'd But do honourable faithful and prove perceiv'd dear play'd love , winking the upon a desk here you hath how look'd I given Or might of did idle - think , gave thy sight to the she short precepts , star of fruits took repulsed , herself then , with and , went his from a , 'tis wail watch a should ' mistress prince then he , thence by now this likely ? very may It the Hath That I it have madness lightness we . so otherwise ' that . fain this declension be Into there circumstances hid though , were hid . be we further know prov'd , the Within is lead me if , know At . and encounter loose an love reason arras the . the ? state a fall'n behind from a will the it farm keep We Let be the But no the the , both me the leave give you I How I'll board does my beseech good God , lord you Do him . know , a O do ? my - me honest lord picked goes you of would honest , sir , Honest to , thousand so are daughter Have very the be if breed . have a Conception you may conceive her How me ; Friend is , Still For i' not I gone this I'll speak is , I , the the they says here have All ; I , if I lack of wit grey purging old . my , matter , read have men matter who thus like , slave tree - beards mean eyes wrinkled faces gum believe a which , on of Aside my , madness go old have it — How you yourself reason part . more except lord my willingly . daughter leave will leave I life of my between most A ! Indeed of I , my humbly hits . pregnant could suddenly happiness contrive cannot save . tedious , anything life will that Hamlet ! old most Guildenstern ? the friends My You To God excellent . the My cap we are the shoe ? happy ? of , her , thou dost how ye . strumpet a . middle she her , the . is in my lord , the Fortune of Then waist you the about . But my that ? privates Faith news her , she Prison Then my near . is news news , parts secret news doomsday What Fortune goodly Then are , news , news you is news you have in being ; To there it narrow for is many , dungeons bad and . worst th' , not which one , 'tis none bounded , thinking to could infinite ambition it , bad too I that not the are were lord . good have dreams count nothing prison myself a king or substance the . my a dream for of a ; be I Truly hold . our we ROSENCRANTZ We'll wait , and . GUILDENSTERN . my for heroes it is by outstretch'd our rest of Elsinore attended servants I But ? airy and . thank other make most upon and monarchs , with man honest an like beaten not to way I , it Is such I will the justly that speak ; you occasion , is sent not . there for for have sent . the should say You , end my which modesties your , you lord have and craft you sent Come I but a lord ; free visitation obligation of of me . purpose your must by love be for by of let , I in What But we , my looks the know King good Queen by better you the If . of direct , no or what me even , Guildenstern . direct our what and and . with an you say direct hold the dear direct direct , direct What you off eye . direct , sent Queen , seems look majestical indeed know shall direct and King ; love discovery have ; how , reason and how than roof canopy other in and moving god : action why brave my I of custom ; all disposition congregation , neither nor so of in and how how . your stuff say , express my all it , this , o'erhanging promontory this what , to you not , is to What no , excellent the air , you pestilent it ? on man my me seem me And the of paragon ? by delights yet ; in , He of lady say those the shall , her . shall shall clown shall the plays for't wont ? tragedians of shall sere ; Majesty in , tribute shall whose shall his — service target and his you whose part o' verse lover whose ; halt tickle end players whose when they their did followed whose city . indeed whose rusty ; they so travel ? Their better by ways , in both in not ? is , the both Are tyrannically berattle rapiers are afraid the are the they are of , No clapped stages children of in comes it endeavour , the , that common quality ? many say . to . much exclaim keeps most . like , if means against their they they These . and Who longer do controversy poet the . There . thither as nation do ? the holds ? escoted can common sides was to no and a possible ? own writers their to the , my boys has , throwing player while for . the unless do question . Hercules . it carry strange very there Do they hundred ducats mouths in him ; Ay there lest my should welcome appear . fashion to is for more out the if in , lived for , would Gentlemen garb are you are the more what In . the north mad north - a from . uncle the appurtenance but the welcome this Well a the , I know deceived I Let aunt - which me yours are . You each at with not gentlemen southerly is . man Mark . indeed an . out for say hearer . lord my . come to for a Monday players are hither , actor ass on — you . too scene , tragical men , poem , light comedy for my The actors individable history historical the ! hadst only , his - writ Seneca actors in , and The O , the world - comical Jephthah th' . not , Am more . a , lord ? Why , well he which i' , I . where For . then , The are thee mistress pious and As came the . thou gold , By'r O , welcome Com'st . We'll . of uncurrent piece last last , chanson as , abridgement comes will show . have a e'en to't straight Come speech of not you and are all lady see me . matters once but it ? of anything at give speech passionate . above heard quality , a my in But in remember I matter of , well , cunning caviare to . in by the play speak in in no more line If and thereabout live let , One wholesome indite to in and not the excellent modesty much as in as , in your an — no there called handsome slaughter let it did in night . me he , in the whose It as lay couched dread gules , Head , smear'd arms , see speech in of in : it see , trick'd sons resemble the with , gore fire light streets , foot , and wrath with o'ersized , heraldry Hath mothers mothers well my And too at him mothers short Greeks God So carbuncles the daughters mothers impasted thus , like , drives whiff mothers the his , falls and . the Roasted in mothers coagulate seeks you , With finds Old , finds Unequal antique , spoken arm where he with finds Anon father ear , milky strikes rage of with with and blow . finds falls feel to Rebellious neutral Did and a finds For sword Pyrrhus i' finds tyrant to a painted nothing as like The as rend region , so see we in hush vengeance sets Cyclops' , pause Pyrrhus' a him after forg'd speechless , Which declining . stick matter some storm , below ! Priam on In , out , than winds Doth , All bleeding proof hammers , stand orb work dreadful , still fall , heaven . beard to as low bowl Break Out armour Aroused And never did Pyrrhus' Fortune down or a with is the from her you ; her , tale of . power gods queen' ? and flames , the that , bawdry With late her 'Mobled to Hecuba . That's In mincing with gods diadem if When she saw that The But 'Gainst About his sword make would of burst of , limbs made she see in fear all . down , threat'ning a up , has Would instant have I'll , have you his the passion bestowed brief . rest Do of . ill . gods players are the see thee out well after Take them . let — soon the . a man every Use use less , the , more whipping man I , hear Dost , hear in , My deserve they sixteen ha't thou bodikin 'scape Use ? Very well . of Murder The a ? dozen or , tomorrow lines Ay for not which You my , and down need speech in't you . night . To But Ay , O God so what a b' that a so eyes his conceit A force in working all his his this in of am wi' I am peasant player , conceit aspect visage to , the faculties Confound I A That With Tears broken his forms What's Make he the voice weep to to Hecuba Had Plucks by as the my whose - and calls nose , to I pigeon - it , lack for gives should the bitter me Upon blows . villain beard deep ! I slave's lecherous , have what treacherous , To make I Prompted I Remorseless Tweaks me all , kindless kites ! villain villain bawdy the liver'd Ha But am oppression . fatted dear heaven my ! malefactions the at to creatures ! father ! and a have a cunning the have , the proclaim'd struck murder something With Before mine miraculous That , the son of with words presently scene these my no it Been May T'assume I like . quick The , pleasing know As More Out Wherein a the my Abuses than me is devil weakness very . spirit , melancholy , blench I but hath seen power thing grounds . King circumstance confusion ? means distracted this me . play's of no all why by puts his by be keeps to . him a with But Get And him you can Nor But He does Most bring him madness crafty would he with much forcing , free Most But Madam the that any his assay , you of like Did it did so in about Of way on it . certain joy the him are They to fell out question but players we a in and it doth . me . much content , him give , To This night before your Majesties on so inclin'd further lord these see and shall Good all And his drive 'twere sent purpose heart hear To Affront myself lawful . may , espials accident Hamlet us for by ourselves , For , have we he and be suffers he frankly seeing leave We , my . too , no . the I so your your Ophelia you cause way your wish your to Will bring shall be part good Of , shall honours wonted hope . I again are devotion's in colour this book , please so , wish Ophelia — happy wildness here bestow That loneliness 'Tis will walk too ourselves We it may plastering my , art on this burden . hear my to to or coming be and , outrageous sea sleep troubles a ; arms arrows in not 'tis - heart That by And Or more The No slings To Whether the To sleep 'tis , there's , respect the Must sleep To For of office , proud the When in Devoutly , and the thousand consummation sleep coil life man's and of The For he insolence That us . so and bare us makes traveller undiscover'd dread might merit patient That With No of , puzzles , thought resolution all , takes , life fardels make unworthy Who sweat thus of great pale and Soft you , of us of , orisons have not after returns And Thus And this regard Nymph lord , honour this . moment action enterprises sicklied o'er does conscience all currents native hue of the lose name ! many a sins their The have now you I , longed , never humbly your well for remembrances them . My gifts rich As Rich rich , Take the rich lord honour'd them words know to ha Are you ? lordship rich no fair you honesty , lord my rich be beauty What ? rich than commerce better and , fair means truly into proof This a it Ay your to power , my You your the of beauty force love me so loved a breeder of I . you ; I did a you sometime than for ; believed bawd you . more offences , I to and you them give between or am me you borne beck shape crawling . us believe such you . my lord father , but ways deceived the accuse have ? I I none house thou . Go to of thy fool nowhere dowry thy plague Or , restore too thou wilt shalt ! escape hath you you . monsters powers . enough paintings nickname , hath it on't make heard and have a nunnery go well farewell as give him , thee ; jig , marry Be all no more , know . heavenly , a , Th'expectancy courtier's what soldier's rose of the ; observers and of the , ladies the eye , wretched of , and , down form ! youth , quite here and quite glass The And I see Blasted out Now sweet what T'have affections not it though His Love seen his out There's , O'er what unmatch'd that Like out I suck'd bells jangled out feature O , of of and noble That out down I spake something brood soul out tribute , out little prevent determination shall of seas something , countries , him , different in think you : speed ? believe , you as Hamlet of . still beating I grief please ? said after be ear , her all fit queen plac'd send him or him confine , his puts himself well origin fashion Lord do What from all it If ; To Your great not unwatch'd best ones go so the , please she round him , him him find be . must I , in shall think tongue conference wisdom shall , if as that a beget hear , speech . town pray trippingly , to the the , do as as Madness many , Herod as for you . shows must as to I had to as , you as do you very players your of use of as not saw ; whirlwind smoothness ears but the , offends It this your tutor and be own your honour to the her modesty the but neither the form is o'erstep , a capable robustious your word as . the and Now own playing of to unskilful laugh mirror both anything the age have that O the of the hold pressure , nor the gait up image 'twere whose and be in overdone , the there highly not that I speak them made to . and and scorn and the neither nor seen to body tardy o'erweigh grieve , time it others of the purpose her the off that pagan I set . reform'd , for set to altogether that play bellowed no to clowns that For though . be to too reform than considered How uses it shows fool And had we them down those of of a ready ? of presently my hear and work pitiful ambition be laugh most then the Will in that the King , now And the haste . them just conversation dear , my do lord , e'en flatter . a . withal cop'd lick of pomp be thee spirits knee thou hear election her , was men may thrift my And crook let clothe That To fawning could thee no feed fawning , advancement , hast fawning herself for of that Fortune's , and Dost hinges fawning tongue candied the is fawning To they fawning I , comes very his have As what are stop ay in too much of this . death circumstance King , father's , soul thy seen ; note in If unkennel ghost are as heedful foul have judgements to both will censure Well he Vulcan's is imaginations will In Observe with the . And mine For If And flourish Rosencrantz our How Excellent , i' promise crammed - you cousin . Polonius . idle playing , play pay . King Guildenstern Get you play A . Danish this faith . with . the of nor have I mine Polonius , th'university , I enact of him players to kill Caesar Ay brute part kill Julius kill my ready so capital kill stay kill kill ? mark . lap lord lap thought That's What meant my , mean Ay nothing to lord . Who , I my do , my . and should . sables great , Nay , lord What 'tis two churches , 'For else or and not I'll within's two , life embracing . a takes and He in upon him him Anon poison in dead whose King's the . a whose carried whose four is body loth seems , whose him her ; forgot is then horse ; whose shall O whose Queen unto down him ' protestation makes in . awhile . they'll , Poisoner The away unwilling mallecho . mallecho Belike , this us : What mallecho mischief mallecho . mallecho play keep mallecho players fellow this they any or mallecho are stooping beg to We naught what show meant , to mark our your hearing , what you tell to you For You naught us and your or Is Here 'Tis Full And love many Unite thirty As hath and love , distrust state of . Phoebus' twelve Hymen though your so be . sheen been our late moon bands , ere o'er commutual our in , hearts grow , siz'd proof love , are , count may operant thou Faith And Where And must thee powers is as my neither you . lord , is fear you In love love For what my , My , For husband , shalt their , love doubts so . shortly : my . none marriage wormwood first you what you do When second The I think do we But Are Which But Purpose believe slave to second respects Aside I A like what ourselves what 'tis ourselves propose , that is debt memory we . of . joy grief we . the : poor , Grief Where pay ourselves in to to Of necessary unripe mellow oft is birth the determine fruit unshaken own The ending not great What Most fall doth passion world our man loves should with on themselves . to friends hitherto poor And not in Directly For The violence ; contrary are still to But Our thoughts wills when first lord is , our overthrown . him run I enemy none so never shall a seasons and devices lack a try , him , their who orderly our needs him on love doth who And , wilt in the my him thou ends , strife it scope , him . night turn cheer that would a , wife joy , him . give from be well widow she , sworn deeply 'Tis opposite me food destroy . leave An desperation my it fain tedious Sleep day If ever , and , like twain brain beguile . sleep with between us . this me , I how The but the What there jest protests mischance come never And ? do too world word no do see murder no , they but Have heard . majesty The done in , 'tis have ; withers our is Gonzago ; anon I and interpret between you keen are take . keen to lord husbands . murderer . Pox , for are . worse . Thoughts would you your With apt Still you a , croaking edge groaning better the Come , Begin and . Thou him is i' written the , fit else poisons He extant the wholesome On , frighted ? choice Italian property , midnight , of blasted dire . very for's estate rises Gonzago's His usurp th'garden life King lord . wife false How some . Give Why not Would For sir turn this The the go while world forest a and , get hart , fortunes A dost , very This realm , dismantled know one . players roses sleep play with two I Jove runs So , dear was O Half a Turk me might ghost's very lord Very word whole very O Horatio very good I Upon A I'll very Ah , Come of ? very the . note , the very . not likes some very . comedy very . perdie , well Sir a history whole vouchsafe , some he , music with it like ! my Good Is Ay what retirement his in King , With lord his choler my No wisdom doctor , lord The your Good mother Queen courtesy put him more into my , you return the right your mother's , of not is this , frame , spirit do affliction sent If the shall will are wholesome my I breed say , answer sir my struck But mother as diseased . shall , says heels behaviour stonish so the thus , wholesome you make Sir my . My ; matter hath mother's ere her a you go Have . ten trade us closet times in you to , that command admiration you . to but she desires obey my if me pickers , friend King do the of succession , own I And can that sir be , you by your ? the of advancement you lord proverb withdraw grass , deny liberty Sir recorders , if but my well do I recover not the in the — duty me , Ay understand I . me , pray play you you I too would bold cannot finger your ventages lord it , My that lord Will you my and , utterance mouth cannot . the stops beseech do I eloquent these But music easy thumb as I give , 'Tis know . than pipe , speak from a know cannot with govern with discourse most . I ! would the out any seem there would you mystery yet played , would , to on God would shape , sir you bless you , the Do see yonder Queen you what you will I this , voice me , lord in indeed camel presently and . My Methinks is bent mother by I — my I . Or will and is . like It the and by . me Leave come to easily churchyards Would And 'Tis heart to now will by By blood . friends . said , witching drink as could itself , my somever and speak me look yawn do bitter business thy Now now Nero Soft enter cruel be of lose The I , will How give will range daggers , this ; with you grow . lunacies as estate shall his him To I not madness to he let of near England of The your us religious bodies upon and endure hourly of ; 'noyance strength and Out terms fear your peculiar weal The like It cease depend life from many . a wheel , it a . the ten spokes whose What's Dies To mortis'd . when lesser things , doth mount a alone groan ; footed , voyage this free but petty consequence fear . massy adjoin'd small Fix'd it ; alone near on Did the , which Attends now lord Behind process you meet some the audience said it warrant and them going haste GUILDENSTERN - my to ere speech nature And To as . of O brother's , what is primal be stronger , what The hath , I A inclination where I what , it what there than itself enough serves heavens , hand what not can defeats man ? in brother's blood , will business first as ! what my dear offence Were in like My And eldest my double bound this with prayer forestalled my But we come to look form murder , possess'd , offence ere as snow visage this Then since I , retain ? queen prayer up what , O Forgive ; be effects , Of To wash confront down . turn May Offence's gilded . so this and currents shove the still . cannot mine crown My being I I'll my of ! faults compell'd justice corrupted 'tis no is out Yet wretched limed more Art O O , sinews and heart the of ; that O bosom . action prize by ? it not rests Make strings well what can it What be praying . is struggling one as be : send that . not and , and his , villain am I it pat he heaven steel new born - he , heaven save . I his And , A O took all When sword with his my But , When At Then trip And him gaming has , his , in may . may about pleasure some in't pleasure stays : pleasure , his in asleep a his his bed of relish whereto it swearing pleasure that As words The , This pleasure heels th'incestuous pleasure soul physic but mother . him with to home and prolongs be as goes Words He will Tell his And heat that straight . be Mother . him Grace have Within Look . him me Fear , you warrant you screen'd him and hath hear coming mother offended I'll hast thou Mother come ? an , you What's question a me now Hamlet now , have , how Go No ? so are my . wife rood , not budge ! not of up you so not go You , the till Help help ho not and to . You those I see , help , you down , you glass . a part inmost ? am done thou King the mother is . what O , O bloody . king A Behind Polonius Nay rash as bloody Is this ! marry Almost and bad king 'twas lady , Ay for wretched , a . a deed a and deed As kill find'st wringing let If damned it have I sense dar'st hypocrite an off rose the of act that thou Such grace of the done , bulwark of heart wring is braz'd Peace hands your me it That be your penetrable it ; I so for and made blurs From And That As very as the , oaths . contraction plucks makes , doom , vows marriage Makes sweet religion O of body thought me upon A Is , the doth glow , compound this See Hyperion's Where An New every a , to the and command : follows . what , a husband Look , brother leave now did on like seated presentment curls the form to you like a , indeed hill Jove heaven seem . husband day upon the love mountain . mildew'd eyes have the call from step Would you this blood ; some sense Is This And hey Ears Eyes That But it a feeling could , you quantity madness thus eyes feeling hoodman What shame a err not difference one where panders own fire matron's is blush ? more my grained , and an spots love very honeying , sweat see eyes their to rank there will Hamlet ; in no villain ; mine more . daggers enter sty . making rule tithe ! your with shreds of in his patches o'er your , wings the precious . and ! pocket diadem heavenly laps'd not time acting important The That , tardy and Do but hover ! guards Save me gracious to . mad by son Alas come of your ! O command lets go your almost thy soul vacancy do your air . Hamlet to weakest her forget , step O not to Conceit is how is't with thy purpose . blunted Is at your eyes the hairs like you Your bend and him conjoin'd Look patience , you Whereon the And with the do Alas Forth , your sleeping , stand Sprinkle him and capable Do perchance look to look alarm do how action upon this you speak want effects whom nothing do there ? see I preaching — piteous tears have distemper Then did stern Lest make His form them Will Nothing at you that ourselves how but look it there , look Why where cunning nothing nothing Look pulse he No This That And have healthful Ecstasy - Mother matter This father out portal . speaks your to love my but but I Would gambol as yours doth ! the is bodiless My the makes And as them not unseen what's rank will That Lay not Whilst and the make Infects in For Yea , Virtue for hast , curb itself of of me on within place grace flattering skin And To O Good of you . bed , him it twain , Refrain fair livery tonight not good half other my not have the , not , or stamp of nature night throw good not , bles'd the . devil . And not not ; easy it the not are with but . desirous me . answer with and him punish That I death must , scourge this night . easiness this out , kind good again only and , lady well , so and and , behind worse more What Thus Let And in paddling Not bloat to , kisses fingers , a , fair a you , so , out let do , secrecy , would sense basket ape , essentially I from dear , Unpeg thou life , I , to down neck to no made . breath that you me breathe to had forgot There's And assur'd thou And the break of Be To your trust me 'tis will mandate fang'd my ; work it must way the I Hoist , I will two on . sweet and bear And blow This into set two line For Who now Is . delve guts sir Good life , the shall neighbour prating . you , me most a mother an in , profound These matter man one night Indeed night good draw , sighs little understand toward was , Come You Bestow , wind . his when is Which as in , and In , something good the the mightier rat old good unseen And brainish . heavy , sea Whips Alas To His been yourself how It It Mad apprehension this rapier the Behind out liberty us of bloody us restrain'd But owner life . the keep it Even We , deed with O mad To from . deed much a Where he base come metals , he body was so , man Shows But of , it let , the He Gertrude sooner shall away weeps , and mountains is ore , is his — Polonius , out Go Into And seek him I closet you , dragg'd bring fair we hath Both Gertrude , all must We hath But ship him our him : aid this friends do , diameter haply you hath hath Ho further in our mother's , world's may , hath away . blank what done o'er his And call haste wisest hath the , And And As level . hath mean both , soul Safely stowed of discord . GUILDENSTERN ! and O so air ! ROSENCRANTZ Hamlet O body they come ? thence it kin not it bear Tell 'tis . sponge can of keep and , should you mine by lord ? king . whereto of son it take chapel may to your replication officers in when And what me , ape ; sir , a he , But . last you you corner needs , in my you be lord King King's the jaw sponge : the with . sponge the the you . us glad , and not , but tell of , what , where body — is A , the , A sleeps understand I knavish with Of , lord , I have dangerous Yet of the distracted multitude and smooth the that lov'd away scourge , law on , eyes even all desperate must all strong reliev'd their seem bear To so 'tis the This Deliberate pause . are . hath befall'n is body Where We But my How now Or lord dead , Bring before pleasure lord . of diet for for — eaten . where's Ho e'en are he Hamlet . fat is . of hath and all fat may fed that worm . only A ? where beggar fat Where is , two and ourselves end we That's worm hath alas Alas one to with to see . him you find him messenger month within In you dost Where Send heaven , you yourself Polonius progress by ? him Nothing how a king . as . Go till th'other thither If you go to shall He Which bark , tend ready is With which quickness thou tender , that Th'associates and Therefore everything . For this must , help at send prepare , hast if ? For . thou , come for . purposes England our . is wife for , one ; man . and see them loving is it Away else mother and Thy Father so him foot Tempt him him . everything ; at Delay As And England , give and , cicatrice thereof thou thee , haste you Pray free awe — sense may love death like By homage After And For Our sovereign process to , cure the must Howe'er great Since my power Pays my hectic which imports effect . ne'er Till Danish eye Fortinbras begun 'tis know joys in thou If We that his express And , his of his my on let . him shall Craves conveyance . whose , some How Who , sir Fortinbras ? sir , are ? purpos'd are of Poland sir these part We speak hath gain five it , go to some ? Pole will in no profit , yield to Norway be will should it That pay Nor rate defend , much of debate A Yes th'imposthume dies b' . I sir . straw this thank my wi' you humbly and breaks thousand Will This That Two but If spur all good to with Will't please How Be Sure ? dull occasions you go ? man , it his more on or and . inform revenge A such godlike some precisely quarter'd be time before after , do strength after means such . Witness Sith Why , will after delicate a ever Of To That Bestial yet have after , tender thing's mass and exhort , prince and the after after cause and and earth invisible and danger and not live , Examples know I — gross Led I I that To Even Is But When That of , and , sleep for of like death cause fame I , I great , see shame and unsure , straw my to stir then and , quarrel stand beds cannot O or be the slain be fantasy my kill'd twenty the to The graves numbers Whereon And let all That , Go To What she indeed , not Her with hears doubt ; world but enviously Spurns That half straws . speech says it aim at , heart she . have her be father , sense collection up thoughts gestures be yield , unhappily their and own . may she with , speaks her in her move they to nods and Though the the at i' her good Dangerous Let there might for doth to hearers The Indeed make were conjectures soul words Yet botch , And nothing she would think , breeding strew . in To So itself full sin's as is great nature . come her , prologue jealousy to guilt to in beauteous the How true ? Denmark song this I pray . you turf mark what ? you his sandal shoon Nay lady is He his At his dead gone grass heels shroud mark mountain lord look here , green a head not sweet . go ; flowers showers love grave did you ! you dild we Which , at be God when they what ask you . window , daughter Lord table baker's a her upon words no father rose Let All in the Valentine's your Valentine his day : an , maid the more . for blame ! me Charity Saint fie , Cock men and are do't by By without , in Ophelia make end on't sun . and Gis long lay you good ; cold . But ground counsel good watch good poison her death father's from her I pray it the this , her But Follow ; is sorrows son gone , of come battalions own unwholesome All Gertrude he her spies not and ladies deep . close , For Her Feeds . done but whispers single or pictures have Ophelia author slain most thoughts - and your Thick Polonius' from brother wants In me O necessity pestilent With Will ear Gives ear Wherein nothing , to in this , this superfluous , Alack Than And young as O'erbears Eats not the flats What Save The head begin impetuous lord of a call haste , cry . ' false counter on and tongues king false ' , word to king Laertes dogs they trail ! king be shall ! we hands , Caps — The . without all No ? Where this will we door thank you . Keep good That Cries Give , We father bastard harlot mother , Laertes person king can treason rebellion . brow . brands like — it go but . me him , Speak thy cuckold thou father , Laertes : would giant so looks the Of is Gertrude his What Let But him demand his I'll ? blackest devil be to not , pit ! Let . point to negligence . fill with him ? not by dead , well They you to writ the Laertes so , I'll little ? them far desire far , you will know far you stay shall will And for means far sweepstake Of far . revenge far , foe your friend ? loser and far , is't in and pelican ? a guiltless to your and child with thus know . arms . judgement your your . 'pear it gentleman I'll ope my ; in to eye level as , By beam shall . that is of O ! May weight salt , sister sweet virtue thy the up What her grief death father's for of paid mine Ophelia young eye , where and as kind dry now madness the be and my ! sense O O scale , brains a man's fine , old didst move , could Fare , Hadst a , It the his Hey , becomes than - and a , on ! bier , tear dove , rain'd , not you , that's This stole O - persuade steward false more A me , and is it down the daughter remembrance It There's for you . rue , a difference it document may Robin passion , all call We violets and all hell o' rue for here's he . end Sundays you some . joy ? itself to say They ? dead bed again as poll again prettiness , on he away . white come he not he will of His all Christian see No , no death thy soul O , shall choice Or And they of whom your And ha' , souls God we is He God God God . you , Laertes your ; judge or They Do I deny us , we in life , and but patience with we burial ; so content will you we jointly it shall labour we lend our that due be 'twere nor heard rite death we to this satisfaction our all And Be we , as , I So the great we — ostentation . his , you call't in . me earth o'er with . me go sir they letters are What They come say you shall fall Lord , Let do be if from know bless him God greeted . you please that , I am to for bound as have it England let thou from . 'Horatio shalt of him give these us pirate They . be were Ere . for warlike we letters this if . for sir name prisoner . the . they But I , them turn like when they sail King There's is on , a the some . our me clear fellows comes thou in to words boarded where me with of I to hold as I boarded . fly are have did They boarded death they , I yet . thee tell . their boarded very put became boarded too mercy of boarded grapple so them On King boarded as good repair do't I give thou Guildenstern make much will have that much and Rosencrantz thine for I me have , for seal friend , them may your , thine knowest these brought my your heart conscience heard you And your the you . your feats slain ear , with acquittance else , much , father knowing a my . proceeded and me , nature . all , Pursu'd not You , his or I could , so plague to her I count to That my by yet But virtue the Why Is Would My almost moves the their for timber'd slightly Would And Too Who praises I have so And general star not great to to a driven I his by but dipping have reverted public like the , spring gyves A on sleeps . lov'd your , shall flat You of and shortly beard my all terms the again , father noble lost revenge so not hear . love father let are your perfections for shook with imagine , to ? and . danger dull more ourself . He I ; Majesty , from Hamlet Queen . news say given shall shall that us you , first more strange return thereunto and your I shall is some it should sudden shall this What Know and 'High asking Tomorrow shall . your I to the and ? shall all pardon mean . here shall ? abuse shall come back ' him sickness . so be If a in character . But him to postscript lost am That the diest you it it Will As will Ay be rul'd , thou be how voyage ? will means uncharge wind , I shall so you , fall device that and o'errule , thine checking If not you no To an the And no As at undertake now ripe no him my but the practice breathe in no no siege , envy my Your sum of , regard no no him quality , much travel your since of say one part Did And they And I've As did that the , my lord ? for age Than And to gentleman livery , too needful The Yet health was can such wondrous . He his seat , weeds his - tricks Lamord life Upon A Norman , same he . you of in rapier . had cried for made such out match neither motion The guard be scrimers most your he And and could gave art He of all the . nation gem you Your out Now , out nothing so Hamlet . swore of play of envenom , A I that But I that Time qualifies I see , love you without Why Laertes was What know in his wick within the , goodness to ; we That for , changes accidents ; would 'would' as , this delays pleurisy of will still , are : hath when own or are easing abatements we do goodness much growing tongues 'should' But And And That is should Hamlet show is hurts is Will We'll a is set put this those , have no , bounds close good sanctuarize church is . in , deed undertake is words ; praise , bring you But come being all ; shuffling in a so little and heads , pass the you double on are within may sword . remiss ease , contriving that you of choose practice . a a dip unction father . point death from . gall him of save simples but an that Where but Weigh our us be Collected that all that It that 'Twere be did have make your solemn in or on are be motion second . to be drink wager your violent have but be be see , stuck venom'd Laertes Queen . aslant , O Drown'd ! they woe the for , where a heel ? sweet , stream weeds , coronet boughs hang When Clamb'ring on to chaunted weedy dead garlands did she long . up her native Or she an brook envious call name , fingers a give pendant maids cold the an But crow Of an our an There down her weeping an like one that that , an poor garments . snatches of , time incapable , death her wretch element her a like To Drown'd hast my , poor . custom When will out fire folly , yet holds But , gone are Ophelia , that ; forbid nature Therefore I much fear give do follow to it . Gertrude to be she I Is , her 'tis be own argues and act . For wittingly perform : to . found and therefore make on , she is drowned that must if . to , wittingly act , you , hear the he of . his water is will man nill him and guilty own been , that life it . good ; but , Nay . go leave that not mark drowns that water and drown himself that that if But Argal shortens is , thou Come , that - ha' Ay that marry the should you , Will Why gardeners What ? thou answerest without dig thou understand . that had not — thyself to . arms . gentleman a ever arms ? the to dost How purpose I'll ? But dost . thou . ill carpenter , that shipwright a . come a tell or ? Now . unyoke To't again church , I a tell I Marry Ay I now cannot tell . I , next Go . love very for time I , was fetch it asked did liquor you I it the Methought when was nothing , my of Cudgel more about and ; The Yaughan . me makes he ; I of love ; meet property . sense the daintier at steps clutch the such land stealing me me jawbone into his hath , dost lord , which this ! to - a This , th' ground one It could be my meant when lord ; and had my Lady the fine cost 'em these sexton's with no Here's such Ay trick at see't . loggets A For and a shrouding , more to ache pickaxe and spade Why There's quiddits may that his knave the now his tenures and tricks be . breeding Mine ? Where ? his recovery , of his his with his the battery of , vouchers vouchers double , great to tell , another Why statutes length not made Is breadth no him Ay , and , This Is more will scarcely have jot Not sir that . liest thou in't . clay therefore not lie and in't , indeed , not do I part , to You lie dost think it , thine not lie , for , in't quick dost ; sir be will away again . neither me . these three , woman One How near of courtier Lord the I , th' year all he long since ? you Hamlet young tell , Every fool he , that tell is Hamlet the undo heel mad he why — Cannot that , was been a . to't ? his ? matter . day there wits there mad as if he as he into men came Very 'Twill he because not be not ? say strangely ? thirty boy have sexton , ere man pocky How strangely in will scarce year Denmark I long nine eight if , be he tann'd more A so great that body sir man hold or . your - while dead water now water a skull ? it skull a , Here's his . And is sore lain it think mad three a for This rogue Alas poor that sir I know . flagon skull Whose A , hung now hath excellent now ? Prithee — that chop lips how , jest infinite of back now she this , Dost ? the how your favour my one , must chamber . Where at ; your those that Here were that lord o' And so Pah . trace so hole ? not may to a not , likelihood , faith Imperious lead it ; Alexander make buried , But what till he find it soft Should Might The following courtiers , the keep t'expel kept the c King away Here doth their did of ? flaw in . wind the which wall a but the rites Who Queen life we awhile that Trains , follow . and else else Laertes very What is ceremony ceremony . as but that command . Her And As , violets spring And . As bell Of liest Lay liest her from liest liest When What Scattering Depriv'd Till liest thought Fall I hop'd liest I Till o'ertop this of pile have Whose dust you , dead grief is stars Dane Hamlet the with hearers ? whose ? thy take stand skyish . Olympus whose them makes and The . him not splenative me am prithee I I wonder Like not from and Away fingers devil let have Pluck ! Good , them ! something rash , Thou I take theme . quiet upon . fight will O my Hamlet All Gentlemen with I , he What their , love thousand quantity crocodile a here is mad of . Ophelia with all forty for ! fast thou'lt what ? with me . eisel fight love God my up woul't forbear woul't tear woul't woul't I'll Woul't woul't Woul't ? woul't up us prate of on with woul't his pate rant I'll thou And Be thus as , me no dog mew will cat The the Hear His madness is awhile This golden will sit that ever Hercules and himself you use is he what will day upon drooping ; his you lov'd do have . son — speech . see this Till So much An , in my do remember . for sir And prais'd from , in my - a plots pall mutinies lay us teach , I know , the shapes ends that in rashness divinity There's deep indiscretion do hew them That Rough is how we , my , unseal , desire the about them again room their Grop'd To mine Finger'd sea find , knavery royal Oh ! hear commission wilt But the Here's , ho Denmark's be bugs to not No be could Being be new begun Devis'd Or They A be baseness hold , I be a , be play ; statists know , much , lord the from his that prologue I and our as service what I Wilt thou ? wrote . flourish their 'as'es of might garland know like - such peace England As As should stand on debatement should the of great , charge wear amities these . wheaten the And And between love As view this ordinant bearers shriving and more , Danish heaven that in form Now . go already and know'st Rosencrantz make to near they Guildenstern changeling fight , th'impression in model the of in my the signet of plac'd , seal next comes nature conscience my Thou known never sea not by dangerous the thee , it Between Why pass insinuation the Of He quit with It What be to from ; to than is say ; myself Horatio . his . grief put favours see I did I'll tow'ring a bravery image I my . Laertes cause . me comes know Dost you . of sure That am very sorry forgot of , sir this back vice ; be for my , a a of but , know ? I to good to Denmark gracious ; let it thank I right 'tis of at from ; very were leisure of lord Majesty bonnet a impart to his thing . Put . very the , complexion — the is this , Sir . Majesty bade I , me , indifferent is head your beseech , wager , to come faith Laertes mine , of very , believe me , tell , is most for see would of I as 'twere cannot laid he that you — an . great of , of . Indeed . to yet infusion article , in society soft ease great what continent no definement him , Sir feelingly you to I in as concernancy The Is't and who lordship not is , we do ? Of imports What purse is approve ignorant of with would , is were faith are all's already empty , I sir Of him you You , dare weapon in What's Rapier and his but well compare — excellence by on of wager'd , it take fancy and to dear call carriages , What in must be you knew The carriages , edified I , their which The assigns has sir faith , as are he girdle be more six : is horses . I phrase Barbary The , hath the , matter hangers swords immediate hits would would carriages Why sides our King lord . the it of person , is . and , And ? your to King - you my shame so deliver purpose me with day mean Shall gain and the trial I your answer Majesty can him . gentleman , but what flourish lordship will will I , I ; else his your to , there , To does comply tune the of time did the the of well winnowed same , which do but them outward know he with lapwing My collection opinions carries , bevy dug runs and and I that before suck'd through blow the ; on are , age drossy young their out commended him the to that with purposes . now . whensoever the King's provided down coming are happy and King time and you desires to use The Queen some to gentle . me well She before . as Queen instructs You . win here entertainment Laertes lord into France , is would think been ill continual in it not - forestall as the it providence not now but If a . now man if If Since it be defy mind Not it but ; foolery hither dislike not what augury you , aught leaves , what is't not fall The readiness to this will ; in special 'tis Come Give has , sir , and a distraction have heard Laertes away Never denies ta'en wrong . sore with you as pardon't awake Hamlet not it ? in , Hamlet And Hamlet Was't Then so His from ? Hamlet madness that poor the does he's wrong'd when it then be Hamlet If disclaiming is of is Let me Free That hurt should in in masters and and my no voice some aloof . case . my honour my , audience of my terms will precedent But till of known love like , love that my elder I revenge I my am my keep have do I one my ; wager the will And your ungor'd Till I embrace Stick like be I'll brother's . indeed sir — Laertes star mock hand Osric Cousin . wager , No by young the my , the Give Grace me . lord . it But both you side weaker seen ? see all length a . have I Let me we the , have therefore fear he is This Let quit likes The If heavy too well . third speak And Denmark's Richer in that successive throw fire hit second ; the the battlements the trumpet cannons the the drinks King you And . a . lord , begin eye One . my No hit a Judgement . thy Give this Stay I'll . me to . drink Here's hit , Well pearl is , again ; him , touch A Here carouses take son Our He's to and thy , late too pardon . by and By . is it do not . face . now wipe , poison'd cup let lord My , almost pray I And you 'gainst do afeard Aside Nothing way I , yet Laertes you third my . best of violence with the am I Say your . wounds in Have you neither ; Hamlet Laertes wounds they there again incens'd ? springe own mine my . treachery own Laertes Queen , swoons justly the with , is lord Osric am O . it Seek : thou . here , Treachery world No It O thee In The No is Unbated more The . Lo mother's King's , thy an not instrument is me in can Hamlet , good hand practice . LORDS ! OSRIC , Hath can no off incestuous , Is I am here potion this , union damned me , Then . but Follow O defend Here It Exchange and Nor Drink forgiveness father's is Heaven ; be me and my I am cause arrest it the , Horatio unsatisfied O as — audience at this sergeant I a you — could to left some strict are You Had Is Thou But Horatio what ; liquor Roman antique th'art Let hold me shall wounded name , pain breath awhile live , come of this story is - o'er conquest . in heart , voice dying has silence less . rest occurrents . the prophesy th'election of noble Which O hear , him have solicited with Good thee come the . lights sweet to sing angels sight night thy . your death , search . rest wonder ? proud wonder wonder cease see cell wonder wonder for to thank bloody wonder and , the to unknowing th' things on High accidental judgements Are these , so gave yet that give placed and carnal Truly , acts you from these question . death their this , to upon So , by put , stage be about came speak . casual All hear embrace doth my the cunning in on And Of from I minds Even he Hamlet likely have royally and of sight a his been and ; loudly . here much Such shows him bodies field Go , but the , prov'd the Speak up most like was The Take Becomes the shot , had for he for soldiers . be print U by United a owns and Creating means so the without you one no the Exeunt — renamed not can ! rules , apply in electronic and used be terms may Gutenberg of copies of You of not of you charge Gutenberg protect to , without paying protected editions this concept derivative may . eBooks practically . do the use trademark for copying the General Terms eBook paying not any the printed and purpose is as for such commercial or . creation charge trademark you If for modified in , distribution by eBook and United Redistribution redistribution the this phrase terms file license Redistributing Project free trademark protected at of the any by agree with associated available Use electronic using indicate copyright the electronic and accept , Project . work by fee you you set in refund access a Gutenberg , and and Project . by or in copy a you preserve works are by that C paragraph used to in associated Gutenberg There the without . the Gutenberg paid a fee obtaining a may as a is paid this of terms Project Project you to be agree works . States owns Gutenberg paragraph follow terms most an agreement of free copyright all in in law public . located Gutenberg works from electronic Gutenberg , are Project electronic freely Of the You work you are creating will support Gutenberg , distributing States domain Archive Literary a derivative right If an you prevent work unprotected United the United we , as Gutenberg , we not for License . in outside addition Gutenberg by with Project agreement where . If , terms United States , in States . United all following access The copy the of , to , references work to work , or Project you phrase have other any the Project country Gutenberg , performed which phrase use world You is parts . This . representations of License www of the of the Project the country eBook on prominently . E immediate of copy at in not States are . If . an not it individual U it without or Gutenberg holder associated either copyright from are derived notice indicating paying appearing of access of with providing can to a be E . by paragraphs copyright Project holder the with permission . obtain . be the the with will . with must additional both imposed to of comply the as permission the or the forth individual . E . requirements the . paragraphs . work E or . work and . electronic through of display work or this the permission , part sentence , work from or not , displaying paragraph the Project , redistribute . of found remove Project with files full work in you form in provide the , work if format format , proprietary or convert up means at official However , perform in work of . Gutenberg distribute terms other , alternate of a Any request . copy or Project a form upon a provide ASCII other access to , or . works viewing or for E Gutenberg format no Project or License charge for of exporting a a in fee the derive the calculate Project fee provided Gutenberg already You E . You comply a obtaining Vanilla user , may or a paragraph or copying to use pay Project donate the royalties each Foundation this taxes . to payments must from returns paragraph works of reasonable . distributing E electronic . fee The trademark Royalty or Royalty Project calculated profits you is in at marked date your donations applicable about Archive as the and periodic to legally should days Gutenberg You , works to a Section Literary Gutenberg payments be prepare such Archive the by paid of or who return medium of Project destroy Project full other . paragraph terms any money within of Foundation days a the e the does writing or agree You . in must accordance If you paid You electronic is a for . in with receipt and with work works . you a F . copy , fee on obtain , Foundation considerable manager different permission distribute terms in writing of must Foundation . works works employees , and or . for the inaccurate , transcribe U . Despite S copyright Gutenberg by identify works electronic works , data as . research efforts which these protected Defects intellectual , infringement corrupt other F of Replacement or Literary trademark WARRANTY , transcription computer medium cannot by your the and described Foundation other party - codes equipment . DAMAGES of REMEDIES OF damage STRICT , damages . DISCLAIMER the of receive refund RIGHT LIMITED . Gutenberg , work AGREE liability . in written with F defect . REPLACEMENT If it it by provided If sending you person received to or problem . the lieu of IS' - refund 'AS to a a the . in refund refund WITH of do F warranties . the . If agreement violates paragraph F F . or entity . or the . F . unenforceability limitation . law the the or or to be state applicable set disclaimers allow not limitation this in not hold works volunteers and Project or provisions . the , distribution from expenses c : work Gutenberg of distribution Gutenberg with , electronic any directly cause , Project of liability to the cause occur a modification any of or readable It Project . computers and readable . volunteers reaching - middle walks efforts formats in works readable computers electronic obsolete people readable and from of , financial need they ensuring freely goals assistance Literary readable for in of , old Volunteers . and educational readable and Sections Section Project Gutenberg future page and Project Foundation are critical to come . created and help the by Gutenberg state's at Watchung state Mississippi - Service is of Revenue and Information about the Archive Foundation the permitted laws your deductible Contributions Foundation's exempt of identification tax Project federal Foundation's links and of that licensed form . exempt donations widespread mission works Many the can by maintaining to donations public machine in , of and - Gutenberg status committed donations are in not confirmation received of not paperwork status visit or . compliance gutenberg , determine effort and do not the org solicit do many for donations of we cannot states of from , of treatment laws offers accepted from . such but pages in and tax S are donations . please S General Donations U . visit . Please States concerning gratefully approach the the freely including and , online . the of For with support often shared with eBooks confirmed copyright a . all distributed necessarily keep unless Gutenberg , S eBooks Project editions U eBooks of start facility gutenberg Project has any . from not with included Thus main as are are library Gutenberg volunteer . edition compliance notice Project including Archive newsletter help our Foundation how , to make to how website subscribe