. and King Long , Who's there Stand . unfold live the . He hour carefully this You now come most . to upon . Get relief And twelve thee thanks at . 'Tis bitter ? make them ground . is haste , Marcellus and ho Stand , hear them watch this , good A Horatio piece , Welcome , will Horatio says sight belief twice entreated have the apparition of hold our of , him . seen appear'd nothing but . it appear not night pole , of the , that westward t'illume Marcellus it that's to the King , beating that's same his star burns , now Where Had , Peace scholar figure a , like the Thou wonder and fear me Mark ? with , harrows be it thou with the ? march which In 'Tis Is speak Stay ! How , gone , speak Of the Norway combated an angry ; he : armour the King not As Such So This But now Thus twice what With martial thought strange and to work I opinion our , knows . haste , Hamlet , lands ; heraldry all to ; King of by competent conqueror those the moiety our by To Had fell in Shark'd up stomach As hath For Hath the to he stood which , inheritance of list diet and food he Hamlet Of of , post of Is source this Comes was That and through it this and watch our of , the I by our state , fell dead King figure eye so the land : wars the that so but e'en this sort is to and mightiest palmy high most it stood tenantless fire and and the is mote In And even the like almost prologue earth and ! Stay comes it , voice , countrymen , avoid life thy in uphoarded O hast ! thing good to foreknowing thy may fate of grace of womb the in thou , to to do any Speak privy . spirits Stay Marcellus oft me , earth . here ! with it , not ! violence if Shall I so being gone 'Tis , show , malicious it To , The cock , then to started , speak to his throat , and erring And the truth warning at shrill - earth , trumpet fire . object made of , of is summons a god that , the and Th'extravagant , say bird , are , planets power the of crowing ever dawning gracious hath night that is all dare do the no then part clad in in . charm strike ; to time . is and by my tonight to , life speak with duty advice , know morning brother's us befitted ; our brow contracted wisest discretion we so our To That , auspicious sometime with hath as one mirth Therefore Together with Th'imperial Have With to with and funeral , one with delight and dirge eye , thanks gone , freely Fortinbras worth young all For late our disjoint dream and dear of supposal by be , brother the much further Of , To this His most Norway , business and Now The Out of his Thus Who business To Farewell That And You is Denmark , father , Laertes ? Laertes heart Dane , you Laertes news . the is't , Polonius leave toward in duty done again bend must and thou favour in to wishes my to in Dread though show duty , in By Have in I in best fair in Take laboursome , Laertes ; time at less on nighted friend i' the ? dust vailed in eye Do Ay Seems madam , Why Nay suits inky , so be it the windy fruitful 'tis for Seek Thou know'st common , all that eternity is , your the , in and commendable within duties mourning father his obligation filial lost , condolement sorrow , course unmanly term to But for some your . is to opposition to , nature theme note son , to today love Wittenberg desire to your lose her cousin you and retrograde beseech impart Than that Here It we is And chiefest Our Let with go Madam . and drinks , tell , again . a . Or , too resolve Everlasting had itself God ! dew unprofitable God O world this and melt fix'd rank ! fie ; seed all it merely So grows Fie 'gainst the earthly solid into . of garden nature ! two not this to was to winds and month is thy , those name were body she ! him — old , to must heart O it for I hold good ! come cannot break , my , your you lordship ! myself see , I Horatio forget . ever lord my good friend : you Good sir Wittenberg even my . good , hear do you . make shall would it I A But what Indeed think , I prithee not was my , the dearest that — my see my father in bak'd - fellow father's see to to do it Did Would coldly thrift lord had met methinks , eye ; once mind's was . goodly for his again yesternight him I father ? your King King your Season attent the Upon With Marcellus the , the A nights Appears before dead and encounter'd point them stately exactly , by and them fear thrice - fear This , watch , good ; and the , surprised . they to - whilst act of they , true knew not thing I And The the it morning as , I it motion then from , up , once . speak , in sight strange our shrunk cock and did haste crew . true lord BARNARDO , the sirs watch and my . say ? head to say toe to say foot . say say Then say What more than in anger A , look'd , he Nay , fix'd been had It have would very like , like might BARNARDO . life , person tonight watch sable have grizzled no as , I'll your an the it speak If assume , tenable whatsoever I will Give And loves . understanding else shall , eleven foul night ; rise , but it more no nature For thews inward . Perhaps of crescent In service bulk The , Grows now of virtue And no withal his wide and does but as mind grow not temple soul you and waxes , now doth you must fear , circumscrib'd is of deed his in fits It As give Denmark goes and believe of act it loves he place . dear my disclos'd to not beauty the their before are and safety though good . But ungracious thorny good none imminent most best rebels blastments shall my th'effect of path not like me Show watchman I Do As Himself the puff'd of his rede . leave for , Aboard the shoulder sail with . you blessing thoughts in thy , There memory his no and . any unto thou , but thy dull palm , unfledg'd thy by thought thy friends them Look hast , may beware comrade entertainment of with being thee thy thy not ; steel . Beware in . and rank man , in that . station buy , and best and thine to any husbandry be night self : a itself be . own the , Ophelia said and leave my , to remember . key the keep something he touching the Lord of oft told Marry , your , been he bethought hath , What is't hath So hath Given of And hath What is me time hath in way so audience hath understand ? of , hath affection his Pooh That , you Marry are not have I'll not I Do , believe Unsifted ! in do Or And you'll you , it you'll honourable ; he — crack thus you'll importun'd wind you'll you'll springes you'll his . know heaven of speech burns : heat as fire your a higher presence From , it , in daughter both . these . of for , that he ; time for bawds few parley maiden a is time rate ; young Hamlet , Ophelia show brokers , your Lord unholy moment with you ; very air eager cold is air The . season . walk draws lord my his ? to . twelve is . his , and and drum triumph his and of a Ay it marry , Is the tonight And honour'd the manner the breach headed - though , it native observance west nations takes swinish it at and . and our complexion , in are origin not nature his of they choose forts that of these — grace as evil goblin defend or grace lord my , To the particular infinite general man as noble the all , or or blasts shape thee , call answer ignorance in Dane burst bones cerements in intents to , royal com'st thee thee may marble the in death this the moon of disposition nature , steel beckons it you alone courteous ground . desire did impartment to some To with what go Look not Do ; speak And I It it me Being set what Why No then my , should be fear to itself I'll horrible of the it a ? that follow base some sovereignty Think into toys , motive your madness more so place The , waves many still lord . sea , hands . not go the in this . lion's artery out . me , gentlemen lets ghost on , that him come this ? follow , will Whither When My I Alas Must is will almost I render sulph'rous to , To , Speak what I am certain day the the tale secrets could purg'd crimes away of ; stars from thy their , spheres must fretful to hair start prison - that lightest am nature , the fires word night my house of in I days But young , list . be not upon particular To of If But thou to his and in or to know't ! foul most this Mine , with wit gifts , that traitorous have his that - and — to seeming of wicked With Ay O So incestuous with and gifts shape angel celestial radiant a prey I scent in a bed heaven of air , stole my uncle , the within vial , pour ears in a did whose , afternoon thy hebenon cursed secure my , of distilment , orchard , morning of blood into milk , of crust of of ; of of ! not ; account ! my , else . What holds instant , a Remember . thee , past , heaven ! villain a may it That And I'll Within books youth Unmix'd the thy of saws All one book baser villain tables smile , I O ho What news O my lord tell . I think it — heaven you'll . arrant an he's a ne'er To no needs , lord this the . are circumstance i' ; Why so There There's But my us you fit it your it Look as are I'm sorry Yes they is and hath man we ; every business . lord heartily words you and offend my tell here Horatio , soldiers not . I , lord but swear't , faith In We , Indeed , Never Never , more are , And There , strange as , How day said pioner , old and therefore put , times perchance pronouncing I To at Than are Here before or , 'Well As such Or of your : or encumber'd With That 'If That So at do . Swear spirit Swear me . So commend to me , friending as and lack his I man a . love . joint come of to let's , was out I You , I well very what what said means Danskers , what are . in and ; of drift come , will distant father mark my , ' ; and marry ; take ; wanton noted and youth companions gaming As , You , that lord him the charge , in on incontinency scandal him . breathe to it season another put may of taints liberty his of a . blood do good this know drift . fetch a sullies little you soil'd slight these believe a Mark converse , or phrase addition the — 'gentleman' , to . something . Where ? say ' day or such : know t'other 'I marry the , you , you truth , directions lecture assays and have and forth of of . carp , have I you wi' My Observe his music . my fare I And , him shall let Well , Ophelia lord , How Alas the his doublet his gyved knocking in his ankle each stockings knees piteous to - with was head his , I down , and , Hamlet shirt he of And with As if speak To lord , What the to he took other goes would with to He me such falls his it shaking . shatter That find doors light on me , lets . shoulder . their . his love he . of under desperate itself passion any hard any violent afflict the As And go This leads my , No I good as oft you ; access repel to him made me . better fear'd . mad and did beshrew heed he thee wreck I proper we go than hide is for But to close , love might , younger utter , kept , we Welcome that Moreover , The Resembles than Of And , I That much so of father's . What of you up brought here your by occasion . occasion and to and so to , time occasion vouchsafe you Some occasion occasion Good And occasion sure whom To occasion As show he more us supply and time adheres your shall gentry with of such hope awhile , us of thanks to We service and . changed My presence . Rosencrantz visit where you beseech these our is . practices him , Norway from been Are joyfully ? as trail very The O speak My me and tells The head I , we our shall sift him friends our the , and . His , is no and Norway brother out to to the griev'd impotence arrests , and ; found fine , fee , soldiers the Polack further herein against shown quiet you to this , are regards therein more And our Answer , you and at - business ; this well . we'll upon labour feast home well of please us likes us your On us at us Go Meantime us My us What This Why is majesty day Were Mad What And farewell pity it mad For this Or That he is we use use use Mad use the To use Thus I use my me phrase ill and phrase , from : vile phrase ; and shall hear , have , and and Hath Who it That's and an and celestial to faithful and ; stars the , Ophelia But that . evermore Thine dear I am most , This hath As I love obedience in they fell hath how you man a had think receiv'd by above she to given of would hot hot hot hot Hamlet Admit done no hot she repulsed , he into hot watch , sadness , madness lightness all we wherein , a into by he this raves , ' that know I'd ''Tis . know ? said I , will hid indeed ? hours four were be . find together otherwise he Within try Here You such a Mark be Be I . his behind from encounter and loose . daughter then not , away carters a fall'n he her , me give you wretch both and well - Excellent I , so were honest man fishmonger my me know you God You sir would my in very That's maggots sun breed if I have Conception ? that by you at And I'll ; walk . he daughter — matter my . you extremity much What do words . words . my read , most plentiful though . wrinkled satirical the . thus am , honesty to if of purging I have in't ? lord like a . there my on grave , as thick and you wit crab backward . yet air not I is o' out madness Indeed ! not contrive , except lord sanity cannot honourable , sir take my you . except my life part . sir These , old ; fools . seek Polonius . to You excellent good Good lord lord honoured dost most ! Guildenstern ? the of soles not shoe the ? favours true a she we or Fortune's the , of her privates , in ? the is news not prison , lord Prison that your good , But you Then is there , you friends hands more ? dungeons good or bad the , and substance dream . the of king narrow too it there is a for a shadow light shadow , monarchs and by my fay outstretch'd GUILDENSTERN with attended ; I heroes is that at . make most of dreadfully my rest . But for servants but halfpenny were , thanks , what am honest of my too own justly colour . to looks lord come it dear ? inclining visit To that dear , enough To end good purpose know I to you fellowship by me But and direct by let King You should me . sent is . rights you , by the a dear you for and there not you of proposer love were better with . of . you sent Queen so ; know , it air majestical excellent ; to you My and the the roof look with a foul man , how yet me And seem not animals , the What firmament but of exercises most appears . other , faculties , quintessence world in like , paragon ? though of Why did , my players the not the and lady were to for't those clown they travel ? players the players by comes profit players Their better . take players delight they tickle the blank ? players , both , it , players they so they , was it players their comes clapped stages berattle are of endeavour their followed ? when Do ? the keeps common afraid are are most little eyases in , children quality no maintains so quills — tyrannically goose ? of their they means them make they pursue like , aerie so they has unless much been tarre argument O no bid sin for possible to the succession writers do nation , while them ? of a for , twenty is uncle lord boys the for while more than , lived King of picture philosophy , too load and those could Denmark . find you come in , forty . natural little 'Sblood players are to and like what uncle are appurtenance outward garb Gentlemen , my should - more my , But welcome this fairly are - north Guildenstern there time Well you Happily the is not yet out old You 'twas morning to you tell the child . his they of each for Mark . Monday . lord Monday Monday When have I hither Monday so Monday Rome Monday actor Roscius my , actor my , heavy liberty too the and , of . unlimited law , pastoral - Then - Seneca 'One The he fair cannot writ of which had what These nor Plautus are the thou treasure love that I . look For where , like ? to is face What heaven your Denmark ! in friend I God the French speech straight . a quality a , are are good thee friends . thou , O , Com'st welcome and you , altitude to me beard of By'r all . once me a speech for the it But digested remember , affectation and . fine , handsome tale it , in set I with as in , method as indite to modesty much it me slaughter to , let Pyrrhus , arms , and dread smear'd , foot trick'd ominous dismal in night resemble If , begins the the , sons good sword match'd it rage in Unequal wind , and . blow , with a , matter , orb below still , to Pyrrhus storm thunder new after some Pyrrhus' work pause the and , we as sets ; winds did Cyclops' rack the speechless him a , the take her proof , Aroused On Out spokes forg'd vengeance all the Now death - bleeding Pyrrhus' hammers power of low bowl your . heaven hill Prithee sleeps , Hecuba say to come 'The mobled queen' A rheum in diadem lank th'alarm with would themselves A all down , bisson With Run A blanket Fortune's tongue treason in and for loins a A , A . steep'd up — pronounc'd A , caught her , venom then sport see her malicious — Do a live according every . bad epitaph desert the time . eyes in's more rest you well abstracts have and better them after man own your . and after his their Come more Use will use for would not I could lines , a , Ay you set ? not you him you which , or ha't sixteen . We'll dozen To Ay Rosencrantz till lord and My ye that I alone I ; that for all conceit his that to forms A Tears broken that Hecuba should he have And mad that , and and drown ear guilty that of muddy ignorant ? He the the that - mettled not and say can Upon A and That and and and amaze horrid and ears rascal Yet , I coward Am a I dear a for ? it me i' th' ? be villain brave most murder'd hell and my a unpack like ! a a scullion About A , Prompted to like it have organ miraculous though very my , guilty by Been Have to no of his father players will , the . course devil The . quick I'll murder tongue ; looks he I devil but hath have . something uncle mine my my very to than I'll Wherein and and and catch Out and As Abuses and he and And can He Grating him so With turbulent harshly he puts dangerous days this ? speak distracted quiet . aloof , true . true . well disposition true our reply his true but question Most , it him to certain these a that true of true you We And hear heart and To it ; To hear and so much . lord , here Hamlet have Affront and bestow as encounter ourselves myself their him That If't And Will We so Her For That we Sweet he father may by , it honours wonted , both his . please ourselves We , bestow walk will How Than hear I The 'Tis not harlot's a smart to beautied speech true too doth with plastering that burden , my to is the . question , of thousand die 'tis , sleep to say natural there's the to come sleep may , mortal us have When that to is wish'd to flesh heart Or to by , perchance be That - and heir dream . and pause of shuffled calamity Must give That would bear the off this scorns the quietus and the law's takes unworthy , love The us puzzles a the office of insolence pangs patient That The When a enterprises the , country dread and To Is And humbly How The My My have , thank I longed long to re , not know so sweet with gifts And As when when when be when when when lordship your means when That beauty you , into my , love believe translate honesty time the once of paradox cannot you gives ? honesty beauty truly it his Ay , for bawd was me believed This than sometime you of the but more me , time them at accuse breeder I earth . us my me of thy I am to to father of crawling or and fool to between the very such ? to have sinners to to ways nowhere Be thou . to not thy calumny escape needs , to marry them you to make thou Farewell marry quickly monsters if of thou shalt too , you . sweet farewell well know men nunnery chaste marry , for ; to as ice , a fool , nunnery go : of your I'll make God's paintings enough , restore him . this plague given and you . are is the the and scholar's , fashion of O the , courtier's The The Th'observ'd of , That of a , soldier's of observers shall have to more rest and most most out of jangled that suck'd all ladies and O form . I what have seen unmatch'd ecstasy , woe and reason , down quite of state , vows , a form seen and the of deject and , youth , way little , blown feature do melancholy madness though not I see his brood tend , to tribute different objects of expel in his neglected with for and to something lack'd hatch , danger be I which , it doubt . his in variable the demand and . countries shall : England of now said I Hamlet think his ? commencement you , commencement Ophelia please , the commencement him not him , with ? commencement , Lord what us commencement be shall great commencement unwatch'd commencement wisdom best , pray it mouth many I , air very saw you where . go , use my lines , crier you may a a the I say spoke you . gently ; for the , do pronounced it not of your in you must do , to , dumb inexplicable the but of fellow O , a . pated ears the split a capable Herod word you that to tame I . not observance of , the make form , to her which , and others feature is and her the off seen hold , of ; that , theatre hold censure of . the accent that and men hold so strutted highly be hold journeymen man having and profanely hold we well hold I thought some pagan , of whole neither nor , had there For humanity , Nature's made with your of of be play barren of let some . that those for set them quantity question a most the to spectators them ambition work presently . a man service your as withal just cop'd , fawning flatter'd fawning spirits thee good tongue Why , fawning hinges the absurd fawning , fawning hear choice election hast fawning been suffers And . that and thanks sound not core comes of , playing , I place cousin chameleon's dish feed capons our , and , Hamlet Guildenstern the . Hamlet , this ; you answer , these words lord , you and , you was enact ? a capital ? upon by sit so ready kill stay Hamlet my dear lord To No , Come lie lie lie I Do lie lie lie you That's is a Who ! Ay mother What . be within's , months two my , you long sables there's a the with by'r , great hobby he heavens , two build must then O ? Nay lady , Queen very hobby - horse , is lovingly asleep head show his , crown She , his takes action to Queen The . exits declines . lament The with returns Poisoner with her with the gifts . is this , fellow they show are naught , Will that shame you'll show tell to and , us the means mark play of . love , sheen been know , so is extremity you made my fear doubts love , leave powers operant little Faith My , and , are though , great are shortly do : too fear proof love holds hath . the but my , bed . the memory oft husband thrift of respects I when unshaken like is believe do we violent , joy doth slender aye for what necessary most , on nor our should , doth the or most yet change not fortunes to us else love lead question or fortune with love , fortune makes hitherto poor man a grieves , to ourselves is propose grief : lack love you mark enemies , prove tend friend , a try , flies begun I friend doth . where needs , him are none run ; friends on shall a fates wed own . night and me repose me when cheer in prison desperation trust food that blanks , lord so is husband of contrary overthrown ends dead light . me grow dull tedious day with twain us now I ever wife she If sworn come rock Sleep never . and brain . would , between . word her there no offence Is you Tropically is knavish free ; of This call the ? the have wince is Marry . that one jade , good love . Pox doth lord raven damnable . lord , lord . and , midnight creature collected infected lord Thy lord faces mistake lord With Thoughts He extant , him poisons i' magic blasted agreeing how see . anon . shall property , You fire false rises of . name's Gonzago . love choice estate immediately The ? story wife lights go ; must , light the play Away . hart must some Why For Provincial away ? of my rest on if the Damon dismantled know realm himself Jove For me runs , world of two ; a a , O dost thou ghost's , This Of good O , one I . the very did Upon poisoning ? the recorders Come . the ! king , perdie the him . comedy my perceive word , of lord well well some music . he Come ha , with more my , his , what , distempered lord sir ; rather choler , frame from far more affair my and sent hath right affliction , of your return pardon , Sir cannot I a make Therefore thus Then no son She wonderful to shall desires We speak the these distemper your You bar your Denmark voice something proverb for lack why toil lack do himself with lack drive is love , too lack I lack Will be duty lack — grows the you me see . To withdraw would my that My cannot pray I I you with it my , of I as give cannot these music I you would now unworthy me from , music much is make it pipe Call , me out top this think me . you and , bless God me , you play my know sound to a my . 'Sblood excellent what voice instrument do speak speak . presently a shape speak almost like and speak speak cloud speak It is backed like Or speak . like like whale a like I . a and a me of breathes blood a top the a drink as ; let to not bosom a the : consent shent none . ever , with prepare it he And his our as estate Therefore dispatch with endure grow . and life of bound the mind much weal The but Dies Did Are mortis'd and I For we pray put too now Which . this this , with petty which alone . general ; his myself mother's to he's the , more said . closet mother a my , should bed o'erhear . will , begin hand , brother's the sweet in snow visage of ? offence twofold serves come Then , what foul me I O ; which own ambition pardon'd currents and may hand wicked not the But there , we and , 'tis forehead the ourselves action lies above ; world justice itself ? this of by gilded 'tis . shuffling teeth evidence state that can repentance soul , Help heart new . babe , would do and of revenge , May scann'd , save thought flush as , him with how To now I Now might And And I'll am son hire , No , black kick be soul that his goes . as heels th'incestuous in , may hell mother his bed of purging the in thou ; of more his rage hent , horrid , stays days . advances go you bear to him , e'en not , Mother warrant . mother Fear him , with me him hear the , hast thy with a wicked tongue with have thou , Go And , Nay are the No Queen it , You I'll and , You come , go not thou ho ! Thou ho not How Dead rash not . know hast it bad his this ! King . shall you sit some Take busy , wretched , thy , intruding danger . stuff against so . sense and bulwark penetrable made If it I have damned that noise blurs the Such so , and the What And As the body sweet from as false very A That here counterfeit upon Ay so With rhapsody roars a eye every give you you eyes . mildew'd wholesome brother Look to a Mercury and and seem form this fair You This Here Blasting you his is husband . husband , his man seal mountain , you so ne'er would sure Sense and what sure not ; is , this the in day judgement . you a cozen'd eyes sickly Or Ears That reserv'd shame O a without some madness hath But sense in it serve thus such Rebellious canst thou feeling or hell a . gives actively panders reason frost the flaming . Since itself such , speak eyes their As there O into black in I will In Thou And of , of , sweat but see mine not of live honeying sty Nay of and daggers lord shelf of A . not of a , to of more sweet the tithe stole diadem rule , figure your with and A put the O ! visitation dread say not thy almost purpose passion son . go . lady Forth do , That And , bedded sleeping incorporal bend is't hold wildly the in the eyes as Start Your . end your you Alas with , her on her Speak flame patience heat Upon hairs the Sprinkle and with you , on vacancy , distemper Whereon alarm an , your air stand this . perchance I what Then effects true want My Would form and at him make Lest capable piteous Do preaching His Do at Nothing cause him on he there I hear is but you that . ourselves this away all do No , is very he Nor , you coinage not - me ! ecstasy of Ecstasy cunning music . keep ; test to your speaks . madness , time madness , grace the Confess mining and trespass that matter . re film the compost Forgive me the what . this of them not unseen will make To Yea Whilst O And what's corruption on to my past fatness , yourself cleft curb in pardon in it half eat . not of . put use angel all leave beg the worser hast throw virtue aptly O the . But with custom , of a on shall can abstinence either For almost that That I'll do repent use habits Of the change . a . devil . are of blessing wondrous And potency curb when ; same bles'd night it with minister answer good , good remains worse do for a with neck ravel to you That And Or Make wanton the , this Let , in let What word One no from the of hide ? Who like , creep basket and in try No Unpeg , out , do him wise , gib so famous house's sense a fair you let top a secrecy made be , What thou , life to had I I forgot And own neck down . of life breathe to ? two my will they to , one delve his For Hoist But I own 'tis the as There's Whom lug shall into the in knavery , moon trust seal'd and sweep the 't knavery yard . crafts petard one knavery man line me , knavery the will with blow I'll knavery , good the life draw knavery profound them . grave , you . heaves I little a we your is on , as is the ? How wind and It Behind rapier in O yourself full , bloody us , deed out be young kept man the like We would This have But To it life from not keep draw To O'er his short , But what a divulging the very He of was much whose deed , us providence our fit Among O sun must ship sooner shall , the , skill . disease foul it is kill'd some , is mountains away madness apart what metals of body he hath body . aid , this in : some further , name . away . Lord ! and Safely . calls , ROSENCRANTZ stowed , with , with dead the . Besides son the , be lord , but lord you of countenance service ; jaw in gleaned foolish us with go and is body a King with the is Of . nothing seek not strong put their the of to to it lov'd so This not the that , 'tis He's must Yet have I dangerous To . th'offender's appliance . offence sending all befall'n ? must desperate . reliev'd all lord my ? us my Polonius is ? Where eaten . your we and is Your table , beggar to else to one Alas are king man may but you a fish fat with What of how Where shall . king beggar a may . go a progress him find into the there hence thee — safety you till for done . and Therefore ready tend , the — everything . For England for . England loving Thy is so , mother and wife man . Hamlet for and England speed hence with you and make haste at aught , sense love , process sword may — hold'st if . Do my blood in me hectic Hamlet to letters cure present By death to the As And And Captain Go For The We kingdom that shall his And let him I will , my on these addition ground but not the to it it no five A pay five ranker Nor Why To will it Goes to Truly We and it be will it debate , already this thousand ducats wealth shows and of much question the souls not This Will you , a against of time more , no such — Now . unus'd capability and after fust in And A Sith I or or or or To or Why have cause I and or , army a by spirit with Whose the mouths Makes To Is greatly the the to stake stir to not But When the the all for fortune the , Rightly the without to , beats says and , hears , in is move nothing at aim speech doth it hems and . they Her it , much yet with , minds , is . to spills another From should you How And heels his mark is is ? what , pray head , Alas Larded Which you God we what are With , To he the Never an Alack men she before promis'd I You By Quoth would will be well i' th' must would I they And . to think thank ha' , do't and night ; the in is good so close ; her this her sorrows father's , they First poison come not Gertrude grief ; Gertrude greenly , author we her done . as all or pictures fair him in mugger death - to are and as which the from and , Her Feeds on his brother wants pestilent nothing . murdering stick necessity my not wonder a my ear my my Than O'erbears as my And my They , How on the be and we ! Laertes it king without . false Danish , thank We , come in . bastard . will thou vile . good chaste the that's my between to Cries Let Even of mother Laertes brow our , would go , my my fill . Let . incens'd is my Tell me my my , my . my , blackest stand be for my husband them so . you stay father I'll only . well writ is't , Good death desire Winner If not the all go That you and both and , my a thus wide life true your to sensibly most guiltless as shall am day As Within How By Till Nature Should O After the him nonny barefac'd , dove ! nonny bier , hey tear persuade — revenge many a matter . stole . than love that's remembrance that's there may We rue a difference when This is ! it wheel There's wither'd all sweet Thought , Robin passion and to my joy . rue . all . o' Sundays come bed again as , thy as . For not not not not God not souls mercy he his white never beard is - not He all I collateral by we will and ; satisfaction life touch'd our , of sword death means trophy noble heard be No Cry His That I And where should , and't th'ambassador Horatio I not part . too There's for am bound . let know to England have . thou when , I alone what prisoner we very the a compelled they Ere on . overlooked , letters warlike be instant appointment have I . did him ; much thee : me letters your yet fellows will . They too , death are fly they . them these that conscience , speedier you brought and , tell But against in things reasons and , mother and , and and and unsinew'd , arrows , age again , a my my that again . mount , mount not with flat You desperate noble mount a mount into driven my stuff beard made sleeps But of go mount praises on challenger hope , What mount ? Queen to from news you we Hamlet them mount I Who Majesty my . not . eyes When set I know I rest come ? ' . 'Naked me But . my heart 'alone ? here warms am I lost It shall , my . his to ' , thou Laertes ? me by ? a me to be If , that now , return'd lord , be be be diest rul'd How ; practice . shall wind accident not in , now his which the The You have talk'd Hamlet's that riband in The Than age light Importing As Yet settled health Here and , against , brought grew demi - topp'd tricks and of . incorps'd and what in brave the As Had I've And they needful and sables careless graveness livery that his weeds it Two unto but serv'd gentleman his and this horse he Norman , A had forgery The Upon of all He . the very If There Or Laertes , you are But kind A And his For As hurts easing by then are And To yourself More his i' is should have no , is words ? th' throat is sanctuarize deed o' spendthrift you , is th'ulcer undertake in son what . this comes is To Hamlet show than is murder . church But within are on your come keep know close bounds , you fame fine being all pass you that of from a your . anoint unction an but I'll do't in , mountebank my point touch I'll my death from him think both . bad this If this of death . slightly shape be of gall I . look or second more bouts the motion . motion motion motion him , motion prepar'd have I'll venom'd stuck motion . stream make the daisies give do maids cold Clamb'ring There the Fell in And When to down weeping mermaid As one Unto Till thou , But Ophelia , yet these tears . douts folly follow to had Let's I fear Therefore to calm start again ; she The defence ? own lies an perform herself to can be , Why , cannot it it argues an to . Nay . go lies that . and drown you wittingly , do Here But , not his he , that is Argal shortens not — leave to himself mark , marry this Christian burial great that gentlemen ancient themselves folk more Adam's but . arms ? There . makers bore . none the purpose I'll Scripture the arms understand to ever he — without not Go to . he thou Why ? How dost Could thou thyself , to gallows . dost the ill But tenants thousand a outlives , well Now . again ill a come or unyoke a carpenter . tell cannot for asked tell till a my he , behove ; business nothing , a meet that sings . sense . clutch into in claw'd me had I be the that , say might It one it , as offices , circumvent . God lord a of my Cain's would might it not ? my - my . lord my Here's . 'em and clay for - pickaxe Did my my Mine bones to sheet my spade be my Where ? tricks sconce his a the and about land of double the his his of action vouchers dirt ones and his of knock very ? too must , with The and , my . skins ? the , of himself double more have Ay a jot parchment lord calves , seek — which this assurance be meet to is . for and in't say ; quick in't man lie not , not therefore it thine . 'Tis . liest ? you . in't but ? buried ; but , soul , or comes taken but dead peasant of How I she's but hast but but was It and sent but day if he ; England the very . there ? wits his matter ? great recover there he . say , boy ? pocky year you rot you he last that your lain of the whoreson ? trade skull this ; was mad fellow's , pestilence me Takes see This , Let Alas borne Alas Horatio on his fellow of thousand Alas rises . merriment mock Alas oft of , Alas come tell Alas Alexander favour lady's must how , and that , Horatio chamber what base dust uses we Alexander 'Twere noble of smelt And Pah ! so too it him may - hole ? trace modesty not earth died , converted was to the stop hole a that ! soft Should a earth to beer the ; and whereto dead keep , that a that ! aside Here the winter's the , King ; the such Queen But That As we Her that have great but Till , a ceremony very ? youth ? else ground and she strewments command . lodg'd the unsanctified on , her the Of bell burial and is maiden be her be done the to flesh her priest be . her spring violets from fair thou When liest . minist'ring liest thought I Scattering liest the howling liest the have treble liest thy Hold O her deed Whose liest treble dust flat the in and have the Pelion a more . Olympus What an he the wounded hearers ? whose a mine , is . thy soul pray'st Thou I Grappling with thy am Dane , wand'ring Hamlet The ? well . stand sorrow them I makes ! hand . Hamlet Hamlet wiseness I have Which me . quiet . him my my I Make with , my will lord no thousand do of thyself ? tear , mad Ophelia son ? crocodile to woul't will . I grave throw ? them in come ? woul't what eat . buried Be I'll a . Nay burning , whine her so our mouth , thou'lt : her me outface Millions like acres thou woul't ? To do't drink prate quick wart as mere is This awhile golden as her patient His the silence , What I cat When ; use me is have it . his wait your , patience thee Strengthen Good present the set , put have some An hour then Till be much for do You remember sir this in Sir So than And prais'd Our deep There's Rough from my them shapes is hew pall it for us teach should ends lay that , well us — and cabin about them out Up , in , many such ! ho Larded the supervise bugs to head should the the , the Is't on knavery several with stay health not That With But , beseech could round prologue , I , wrote fair do now much , sir Wilt and statists wrote , you I make Being They to , it sat my brains , know garland tributary amities their , flourish , might wheaten great charge , 'tween her palm less , or of contents death . allow'd know 'as'es more time put seal the of that already . to , what this the Rosencrantz and Thou - sea , near make did my their 'Tis Does Why by conscience insinuation to . points upon my whor'd now me this and my angle thee , and damn'd , mother , perfect the of known evil interim to is mine say ; Horatio , of of I'll tow'ring who , put waterfly lord . know Dost lordship humbly I is the king's fertile if a you lordship in right , lord will I Sweet for head Put your is the . indeed , cold , 'tis of his spirit , wind , the , very hot . very , Methinks his , is very and — sultry signify this to you the — good , or great absolute and a know I of memory though you gentleman and yet , to gentry would trace soul of , But verity infusion semblable his more . rawer sir , golden . spent , sir not him are sir . Well yet sir did , approve not not but for , I You ignorant know to Laertes ? is — excellence excellence ; in him rapiers the conceit liberal the ere by be it must it it it The our liberal it I it you The Barbary sides . would , german it , conceited is Why you this carriages hath three come laid immediate How if the , me . his with I re duty to after deliver will shame for him I foils please the ? your . himself , does He same did the tune with of the bevy dug and opinions collection winnowed of comply This suck'd the habit of to through the , most a dotes encounter them . him ready as and In to The lose win shall so You . all's . instructs She will here foolery anything and hither dislike , good my a you augury such . how ill is will not special ; fit - readiness is to is't Hamlet , has now , it defy ; it 'tis of , as are gentleman done have a needs . have . heard done sore honour proclaim Laertes here I punish'd , knows , Was't If Hamlet Hamlet when And your What with have , nature himself His the is poor is , be If't wrong'd . enemy purpos'd generous thoughts of honour peace , that time most known of till . honour reconcilement . frankly come . night darkest . sir . young wager Osric this , No foils You , know the my odds . heavy is he not do is laid too well or third second , ordnance stoups give in drink breath ? length , kings exchange . hit the cups table of the their Hamlet's which an than crown worn the to to , shall . four union battlements the have trumpet Richer The cannons The 'Now And Come , judges , lord my . hit . drink Here's . play palpable again ; thy this is by you I touch hit ; breath . cup first . Come touch Another , win . of , napkin fortune drink . by By thy me madam drink My I Come dare I . lord you poison'd yet I Aside do a not lord And let third pass with your almost wanton , you afeard you Say Hamlet Nay ; Laertes again there Queen they come both sides is't ! lord Osric , treachery springe Queen does the no , No Treachery ! Let the art good thee hand . I friends yet defend . murderous can point but damned . work ! Is mother my Follow serv'd thy temper'd He , potion thee That am Heaven You that time but Thou . believe let am more an Here's cup good Let , what , ever Horatio thus . the thee th'art report me it antique Horatio . be it Never O As didst felicity draw warlike Young shall thy story noise If And To I This the with from ? tell To this harsh my conquest ambassadors O hear has with rest is silence . voice , night and . at cell in so So thou sight that senseless The from tell him should Rosencrantz his England havoc on wonder many princes and Where That To are we from Not He Had never , Polack , to , on upshot . mistook , shall slaughters cause this , purposes , audience my doth embrace memory claim rights with have Fall'n Of Of on And us to noblest now I his from Of But Bear most likely was Hamlet Even For soldiers' prov'd ; royally he , The , off the the off replace will Foundation off the off royalties may off so off law not the terms of of . copies Project this be the and concept and Gutenberg trademark Gutenberg , eBook the , copyright in modified , and , this reports printed performances for United law . may works be ANYTHING eBooks . U A work accept , any distribution or www agree to . reading you By . Section electronic . terms of this all copyright by If destroy the and . or you of . agreement terms agreement trademark all electronic this you in paid paid agreement is by bound on used . Gutenberg the works Project Gutenberg a electronic . compilation follow the can electronic this paragraph E all in the Archive below copyright , distributing copying on the the individual Foundation States mission keeping Project place where with charge laws of its laws of of state can The you same with Gutenberg works comply D . Project do . in constant . laws or Project creating other sentence of Gutenberg . all references active License with or Gutenberg Gutenberg Project . the most . and States work any of on , States links in work The Foundation makes any no other to , work any which , online or almost no the check this Gutenberg before you with this you included away with displayed under eBook the laws Project must E the paragraphs Project your . work . License at works any posted Project the found for . and work . electronic or the E is . distribution terms or , work . paragraphs of requirements set an with terms permission If of be imposed by the permission the with terms from Do . License linked posted will . E work other immediate convert or . this not . work set the . License if , proprietary Gutenberg However the official format a in in , cost the of format , must work a in viewing E include website access , including or work additional . for paragraph to Project for any . E fee reasonable Project for royalty of Project Gutenberg of calculate for donate use agreed for payments legally Gutenberg for within to the to days the pay already You , provide paid money electronic . set Gutenberg . comply from the Project the are forth . If or agreement Literary in forth . below volunteers S do Gutenberg . research which these copyright efforts they limited incomplete , may Project proofread expend transcribe law may , be , disk or . on in to a or DAMAGES equipment . owner the of Project Project legal all disclaim , STRICT , damages YOU AGREE you to . a F . written with in LIMITED within REPLACEMENT this defect . with or of a lieu opportunity entity your the . F . F F . paragraph . Some states exclusion the state to provisions not invalidity The disclaimer void this certain the Foundation , anyone the of , of any the agreement the or the in with Gutenberg and electronic volunteers , you cause Mission with Information in , is old formats deletions works synonymous hundreds of middle any or work arise that , fees any additions Gutenberg because or computers exists electronic Volunteers assistance goals available Archive how learn future information page Project Gutenberg laws is Project the your is - business Foundation number Archive Montclair to official page about Donations Foundation Archive be . to Project out at gutenberg its without of that Gutenberg the works donations small widespread Many equipment outdated many are requirements , requirements have where considerable States . effort these we with DONATIONS visit and do . of , contributions we donors . gutenberg solicitation not status much charitable donations to unsolicited us paperwork Foundation committed We written do donate compliance and not or www solicit requirements from donations with U Project Donations Gutenberg laws of credit gutenberg Project the works was and network was Thus was . by could Project be was was copyright paper particular any as created included . was Project . in do , we main with . edition which has Gutenberg hear