. yourself ! Get Not Have And to ground Who is . Dane . and Horatio good meet watch , make them , Stand them And liegemen . reliev'd night ! Horatio there Give , Say him is Welcome of Barnardo appear'd but our fantasy hold him , sight I if tush , Sit and awhile , again nights fortified sit , hear us Last of that's star night course burns t'illume , then bell . figure like speak ; off Look not sometimes ? the that it See It is it ! 'Tis stalks , speak Stay ! gone Horatio this , How Before Is it not like to very th'ambitious once he was thou the Norway strange . on the . not know ; war of strict But In particular the some daily mart impress divide why toils cast tell and gross strange subject most bodes , and shipwrights the such foreign And might the image prick'd this Well Fortinbras this so slay forfeit Which Did stood , ratified with Was the of Norway of and , article Now . vanquisher by carriage to in the unimproved been he His it doth That For a recover appear in't by a diet and of gaged To Hamlet mettle list , by ; to ; Of Hath hath by The Of this source the this our , us , lawless well compulsatory terms of those And watch and , lost And Is his to Disasters A and through sort so : the mind's . Julius eye dead Roman and and Neptune's influence tenantless in fire with , moist star streets state these and gibber trains ere most little it A In mote graves the sun of omen the to the sick in with The stars Was And I'll , heaven earth countrymen it . where Stay demonstrated blood ; comes of , to though to thing to the still and any thee art to be Speak together use . again sound ! Lo or be done ! country's and , fate . death of foreknowing to ease , me thy happily thou treasure For Extorted of Speak if it will . it Stop 'Tis show air vain about to It is fire , in earth ; then of his Doth the that in or shrill trumpet summons and and confine To This I guilty crew when . warning , his the air started it The cock god with fearful his sea is lofty on dawning singeth cock the . herein , charm comes season is spirit hath to long all birth Saviour's , wholesome they are o'er we have I say ever that our of 'gainst no witch , then bird the time power russet and , shall in dumb us Break As needful you spirit find , fitting him speak life tonight advice , mantle by my him ? our duty hill it . it most conveniently . death know , and this . Lords dear Cornelius Attendant befitted , dole marriage , barr'd dirge with one with 'twere and herein , joy state eye our on sorrow we That Have our sometime as nor have we a dropping delight ; one auspicious scale wisdoms and to weighing this warlike equal In this better wife have , gone , writ him : meeting message , with those advantage of for here dispatch to further bearers You Who further of lists The For business these let all Of your haste things it CORNELIUS VOLTEMAND . show news is't What farewell . you with ? duty will heartily not the the to offer , thy to your France to done offer I my of suit not more wouldst offer the throne , to return lord , offer Laertes in confess leave Than offer What offer Your whence and though my them you And bend bend Take hour bend best , thy fair thy I My now bend and wishes leave me at thy my son ! thine ? bend gracious slow . go Polonius my bend . on than at too vailed colour i' sun . the you hang much still , clouds the that lord , thine Seek Hamlet Good so Not know'st Thou eye ever father all it , I If Nay river cloak Passing for through the in duties nature to father his lost know you father lost obligation and bound your and and simple , a mind incorrect unschool'd and be is a some the a persevere term But in , as common opposition sense heaven , impatient heaven , earth , cried hath pray We till , corse . the with no less think world of you nobility in our you our eye remain son our : note take the love his throne , desire Wittenberg intent son . and of bend and cheer courtier stay not , you and as thunder earthly this speaking too again ! today drinks shall bruit . tell whereof Hamlet away melt God O O . things That , the stale all Oh ; should an unweeded gross rank ! self , resolve solid itself Everlasting too into would a fix'd ! unprofitable ! much loving the hang on earth this my , of — As little which month , ere , those , of to to two month is Heaven . appetite and and a name woman and ! him and ! and and — body reason and sheets come in to it I , Hail to to for cannot ! myself . you see do my forget , ever servant poor , change make Sir my that from what The your And Marcellus My . Horatio ; name same glad hear enemy so lord . my , good lord even Good you good , my of you are no ? that your affair know not make your drink in your violence own funeral truant . depart upon hard my see deep , to came prithee lord , think I , Thrift Or father ever I do I my — I him a My ? father lord saw , look The lord was all like him king goodly ? think take not , witness ear admiration these I deliver gentlemen may a ! while gentlemen watch , waste dead and Marcellus This figure , cap , them . by had - solemn thrice surprised - with had whilst act him , he pie - like of had stately slow Goes Appears at and speak had and thus and them fear exactly had ; truncheon's and length had with dreadful jelly secrecy them had oppress'd fear This to . platform speak lord it made it , answer up like it I As And But , think you We MARCELLUS you Both say my ? you lord . in than not he wore his ? beaver . hundred . you . like very would have and I grizzled saw't . no when ? in tonight watch will 'twill . pray this noble hell I still silence you tonight sight , all gape , fare ye twelve visit honour farewell to ! loves Your father's foul : my , in earth play o'erwhelm necessaries , And And My But The Forward violet permanent . more grow does no it more , alone ; lasting a , his birth , soul you this not as mind crescent nature thews For Grows The The greatness And In of the , sustain . treasure dear desire calumnious beauty not of spring to danger affection . enough your be the of : strokes . imminent lies in disclos'd none best are safety . But good good pastors and reckless to do brother . my here not I Himself the as And Whilst Show As smiles too recks O But a of second , sail . double a blessing Occasion in sits ? Laertes stay'd here you are Look Nor character And thou any familiar Those Grapple thou each But fancy as thy ; man not gaudy . buy ; station thy reserve but beware but , ear , few being unfledg'd with palm thy dull - to that each Of Bear't man man's in a a France For Thou And Most The invites . day true . well to shall 'Tis yourself you Farewell . bounteous yourself me tell so — daughter ? Give up . girl ? green circumstance affection between , Do you Affection I — you'll importun'd hath honourable go . it may ; lord heaven , my go , soul , both making time , presence Hamlet , investments their all for is , unholy any This . sanctified of slander and suits , show , Ophelia brokers , bawds pious from so shall to't ? heard it not spirit the What Wherein this tonight and as Keeps The The Ay drains wake he kettle The - drum his Is triumph doth , King does and swaggering upspring trumpet bray of and the Makes And to to clepe our achievements , it pith So The their for in Or The breaking form man by habit ; they may undergo , man one these defect , grace man evil . a of The man . noble To Doth man Bring with man a thou Angels I will Thou Be man intents heaven health to in wicked father me thy cerements bones royal burst not Let burst Wherein wicked their , Dane canoniz'd , wicked Hath thee wicked wicked his dead thus horridly wicked our of glimpses again , the reaches with away did it ? we souls disposition of should ? do . ground . it I pin's to . lord my as immortal forth not what , my then will lord not , Why set can thing Being my soul , Do do What And The Which you deprive draw very assume beetles Without , You , It Go on , you shall cries fate , makes And , Be am make Go of ghost follow thee . me . what with to obey Denmark of in rotten Heaven is 'tis Nay Speak me , go flames , almost is will . come I'll Mark sulph'rous up and unfold . serious am I not To thou And Doom'd I am revenge Pity So certain confin'd done to term day crimes tale I blood , forbid , am , word house list love be end unnatural most ! foul If of As know't or thoughts revenge . love ; thee find shouldst itself thou stir rots 'Tis And meditation the that as most most this May sweep in forged did ear , my orchard Denmark , of whole in Hamlet , youth . beast power . there - seeming my most — his adulterate won with that , his and what a love hand was that dignity the vow it angel air , on on pour stole , uncle garbage radiant on shape in though sate And ! on lust So But Brief on on Most a thin A Let my all in but a bark'd tetter , most - No With O not Against Taint The 'gins worm sting those thy And But the adieu shall And Ay I'll away In this distracted forms of all . fond my thee thee But , Yea of That And All bear sinews grow fie . O Remember holds a memory while , wipe globe , youth saws books from table observation , commandment book Unmix'd may there smile . matter pernicious , it are and be a ; him be , ho So Come Lord it ho , Lord Illo . is't Lord , Lord Hamlet Lord . Within , Lord ho news O Good my it you'll my , heaven — I , lord my by No would my ? lord in from the grave come Denmark once heaven villain he's ne'er Ay by , heart man . of a arrant dwelling But Why And it , without business man Such your and whirling go — desire and my ; my There's are wild Look , is you and hath for . lord offend offence is desire honest Saint Patrick . O'ermaster't For much by And As Never In faith Nor , Nay my Upon my , under the stage ? Art . indeed upon sayst you the , that Consent swear lord . my of on , Hic lay Then . sword thou in the to my our have . sword again this hands , gentlemen ? my . old ! mole Beneath speak your hither Swear Canst work remove , th'earth , Horatio , welcome . wondrous friends so fast strange . come . help myself — meet never shall shake would' it give stranger a heaven philosophy and earth , and , or Or Or we spirit . Swear your Rest love I do a so . 'We doubtful phrase , might' help note if if and could 'There out most : of So do still ever of , That And God willing all May Nay fingers let's him time not . Let us to me as your born set joint . O his your , The come . go visit Of I it , good this I will and money , wisely him do shall Before first , at encompassment what , and question finding where and more , Paris in expense . nearer ? keep , this , very so well my , it ; his friends you mark do ' his , he's ' ' my ' wild on ' rank ' , go far swearing my As drinking , it ' him fencing lord known of there . ' ' dishonour may You ? may : but scandal , assault But a taints breathe to ; quaintly , mind the in another of and That not may blood outbreak good flash my I good is a fetch know would of sullies little you him on soil'd slight good here's , my good I , th' my i' you good in breathe ' 'Good to closes good The man the so He Of you According or . 'friend , prenominate would sound working guilty in phrase and And lord he about I , does something say and 'gentleman . leave ? Where ' ? I , you ! marry . did say , now ; the in's rouse , have and wisdom forth . See you ; and assays directions lecture me , not you . have My him my inclination Good let shall Alas My Lord as I his the have , now my what With , No as And he had look down sewing in all stockings in out so of for ? before hell , Mad . me do I , unbrac'd doublet , gyved knocking held of length and o'er Then with by he said the the wrist What truly it know lord thrice head it — his And , he He his draw such to waving Long . little so all to shaking of and thus up his , lets arm so ; brow . the , seek their go ecstasy will fordoes will love itself on , am I desperate bended doors to with And As He end For And And o' the with This you given him natures any property does have afflict As my I had meant quoted that with ? late heaven words did denied . his but , but jealousy move age our to better But proper in younger sort to dear , Rosencrantz long as . hide Our To must be Welcome need father's much Hamlet's So And That Of his young to time days , vouchsafe of your so rest , humour in your his , of neighbour'd and companies gather glean thus with both him afflicts pleasures to remedy within much If . of not , are you , have there men two . am show As he to the supply your so expend Both the full of obey , dread sovereign with us awhile , service our both your Your visitation shall As by Than to more . bent into visit Rosencrantz commanded , lay too Thanks To To to some is you . practices presence son beseech Guildenstern you Go our changed I And Heavens and presence Ay from Are amen joyfully Th'ambassadors presence of the you , presence this gracious ? duty my hold presence the to lord Assure father . my presence I The hath us'd to do else good : I I so mine have lunacy feast that cause to trail policy brain King good my hold , do of of my , that think do I And He head my to fruit , My shall , main son's fruit , fruit fruit fruit fruit him o'erhasty fruit our other your it Well father's death and we shall our Most Voltemand Upon return nephew's His That was be look'd sickness in against into , he the ; Highness your better such your please to further Polack joy . your against arms of old his an and your Go Meantime at you it Through might As our , you think night . we'll your regards On rest we Answer for . night , day of time is duty what be and This Were nothing but since call be to , What My day tediousness night , flourishes is expostulate , night , majesty will the outward , is is mad . but mad at , be for Your . brief is't But to I let to define madness 'tis I for 'tis I use : A will him the the — and whilst she is mine — Perpend — vile a beautified 'beautified' . soul's phrase phrase idol gather , and obedience , To an this you but : phrase That's madam ill celestial Who in . from shall ; a Ophelia dear that the are I doubt best have love doth stars not him ? to Came these lady dear in Thine am never , thee at numbers ; his ear . to time by out more obedience But Doubt I . it , to believe machine O my hath evermore , most would As What man your Majesty me must here the had I Before As perceiv'd play'd heart given my my my I I might Or I had seen it told a you so a prove look'd If fain tell you the you , work , out round thy did I then from a weakness declension fast tokens . advice , raves . a into wail and , madness to he into done must And think ? That such , all And the , we wherein — the fruits may It a a lightness watch a to Into Take When it , I centre truth If That I this circumstances me know if lead hid Within may this though he in I I'll So . then , not daughter . state , a , to together him her thereon and it away reading comes carters . my , are me , him Away I'll But sadly poor give both you man a fishmonger . presently Hamlet , Lord - know Do Then my so a . be lord one picked man would my were you I , true a Have That's honest th' walk sun i' may . daughter dead dog lord daughter you How not say not me carrion maggots sun For first he . was suffered . I I Aside Still in Words Still Still that , Still love harping Still a . my on again And Still . Between amber Still grey , my here their a sir which it . mean Slanders hams yourself with potently you Aside . Will Though lord my grave madness air out is be madness yet go hold I yet All of contrive , replies My You , cannot so prosperously of will , life except most that the suddenly sanity Indeed are out be this not ! that could honourable , delivered meeting anything , Fare to there . that , life will my him . daughter of . part life except . leave I , sir You except withal excellent most My seek dear is he , Lord the My Rosencrantz As Happy On live the not not ye the thou Guildenstern ? middle of she Let me . honest deserved . hither question hands friends true strumpet ? favours not is your Prison . But , lord that Then the Denmark's good the the you near Fortune in Denmark being so for To me a it there my o' think makes none there are th' many , world not which lord nothing either is narrow too have dream . a the is it a indeed , Why dreams , be hold Then shadows are beggars such matter speak like bodies we We'll you the dreadfully make upon with I , other occasion you , outstretch'd rest . my ; servants attended But for , you most , sent ? halfpenny , a I Come there and , it ? have is not for . lord my thanks no are thanks am in dear a you ? speak were which . by - must charge withal love me anything justly . to , colour , dear by you direct no of Guildenstern the teach , you Nay , hold me . love proposer rights obligation by , What sent Queen and not all my goes , the , I of you secrecy ; this , how , man moving a look golden and in this a roof , like a to the , how this ; why congregation of all custom , woman ; in of beauty pestilent fire , shall ; why tell will this appears in most frame the to late goodly other of and of in exercises , angel quintessence of the faculties lord if you not delights such smiling no , Man 'Man them . service from , you My piece thing express nor seem , Lenten way his coming , then stuff so me : what delights say neither , this is thoughts my me' and you , man , are his blank are or freely delight of lover ? entertainment tribute have peace sere in they laugh it were wont to shall whose shall such city better both of late . both verse th' in ; the the shall in indeed , when so of comes in estimation ways . Are city , of is innovation pace that for't — maintains 'em ? scarce them call and come How are but they followed are grow ; out on the ? sing there These thither that they they ? writers can to better no are grow should they , they if to if the keeps tyrannically - quills — the and question themselves top players succession ; exclaim Who . clapped themselves so they as ? themselves money holds the common on There for went while Will themselves a . themselves cuffs nation the themselves wrong , them in against their own ? themselves ; do it and , of . of little if could and King give about while this , make at ducats something mouths not there hundred in strange him a is Gentlemen is out , that they very out my my out is are players . which me , out find out . out - In , uncle what - north mad is not , you . each out to you , there a second Happily will prophesy right comes , for to , the too old is — tell . lord was you When actor You Rome to . my Roscius — on individable , ass heavy - historical too pastoral historical the cannot be liberty , scene came The best , and , the too tragedy history historical thou light for the . or poem , had , what a and on my Jephthah ? well my more , ' that love , like you , Why It As to pious , show and What I not i' th' that , wot know comes will most you more . For well look where see to . God The row are as by then , masters of . abridgement pass thou my chanson it , glad ! a cracked . Pray falconers speech ladyship me ! last you and the welcome beard to by of are see have We'll e'en like friend ring , taste if , anything acted , once speech me for general the , thee to it whose caviare not above speak quality , piece . Come is within the to heaven than Masters not of us fly . be , gold welcome the no fine no set the a give , Come , my it remember received — to excellent an lines in phrase an handsome the indite might , live me me slaughter to this . affectation I well . the speech but memory The chiefly , not so , couched his now begins see . that method sallets down were called one by especially Now heraldry matter savoury , is , sable Pyrrhus , arms resemble , in it speech , Dido let Priam's : more gules and When he as purpose this blood and rugged fathers dread lay and is Black Bak'd coagulate hellish and and with a , Pyrrhus light streets Head in the complexion foot horse ominous and discretion , grandsire carbuncles the . and seeks accent damned impasted , proceed well the parching him Greeks at my God 'Fore lord Priam . you he with good , falls of with crash top , sword His where in , blow , wind Then strikes . this father to command . arm , flaming hideous his , on as in orb , below , pause storm to ear base , the For . painted to , his lo Pyrrhus' was prisoner to his declining neutral a the Which like Doth armour Aroused rend Priam heavens see Pyrrhus rack the , and stand , you , Pyrrhus' thunder strumpet , spokes round As heaven . of power gods the the too . as nave on forg'd the sets him falls Fortune proof Cyclops' , than down Pyrrhus' . All , fiends hill from ! her down down low is your of to a , This tale come down 'The It the down , down Run bisson , A ! down diadem stood and the rheum good With A About had in pronounc'd caught clout queen' . upon that good threat'ning . venom then , of tongue have her milch the themselves with instant The But the saw sword her eyes , Unless she things mincing of move passion his in not blanket When out the gods husband's sport , in's and brief epitaph a bestowed them better were you lord My After , for ; your well they the you ? where And I'll you his and hear of their . eyes — Good . ill your own dignity his and . sirs in honour , The your them . 'scape whipping much man , are abstracts report the Dost should less every Come . We'll merit Follow need a speech of in't some Murder tomorrow after and play dozen old thou night which , lines Ay , and ? would you Very To . are You Good . b' . Guildenstern friends to could look lord , Ay well night wi' am am slave . suiting , visage his And to Hecuba , do function or motive should he That What's With For and working soul his a it Is forms he the and ? her general guilty mad to his conceit , fiction in a all ? him with the appal and eyes and the the distraction eyes , for would amaze ears mettled - ear voice ? his whole all would cue That I dull - And Confound a whose say defeat calls Who Plucks villain blows nose beard Tweaks A me am I But Ha lungs gives it I most No . property to , As ! me nothing can Upon the my cause king this , liver'd - oppression my breaks Who it , region : take , Oh , should I Remorseless make have treacherous With To what I Why an the my of vengeance offal revenge I lecherous the or , heaven am ! unpack , Prompted That to like by my and father This a ! very with words I slave's for it gall , murder'd ! brave kindless bawdy scene the of cunning very struck A , my whore son , a dear hell heart a play , presently speak ; father a ! Fie That brain sitting their the that murder . and spirit no tongue , players have blench , power I he hath and my perhaps play's . but , the such with conscience King grounds himself feels he confess so him Get from can . damn Abuses me to the he puts drift circumstance thing lunacy you turbulent forward him cause do with him bring find his on distracted madness Of by no speak to true Did we receive would But a aloof means his he like Most Nor from and he state . demands ? gentleman we be his of you our of forcing with Niggard you , in free question assay him to Of way of there o'er We Madam night . did hear This ; most on it To They , so . in think kind the a to him that certain we play have him your inclin'd a these delights . matter see me as it play seem And play play With play And drive gentlemen his , for accident may hither too us Ophelia by play father Gertrude , as myself Her he Sweet That of 'twere leave Affront closely my . for frankly seeing behav'd . happy do wish I . obey of , love his unseen no , your virtues shall beauties shall And That , bestow To wish honours may devotion's , visage again — art , plastering conscience — you this this it . doth do we . that , beautied — more harlot's smart The devil O lash Aside 'tis the burden — to coming deed ugly not is — much prov'd that action pious And Is Than him Let's ! too : sleep die against in be is suffer the sea question withdraw . to is . die 'tis sleep and To , dreams . death shuffled pause have sleep Must we that us of There's off dream wish'd - more flesh That Devoutly The heart take be to heir The of of The of , law's of time of of ? of of , turn moment thought all cast pale hue of of name Ophelia sins my Be fair of ! Nymph action pith all Good . in remember'd day . well ? a , their the with o'er And That lord well honour , of re well . I have , now , you , I longed I breath the givers noble right know of rich more not , never you ; so to my not , not And with words them ; for aught you these not sweet again when wax Rich As not the gifts not you if lord ? your fair lord and Are fair beauty sooner lord better admit transform now can lord honesty than time from gives discourse with will lord , you paradox of but the beauty lord lordship have did sometime a made it for me believe you not inoculate so our old the cannot so once virtue was proof . likeness his into Indeed not we was . indifferent nunnery more with , At lord my Where's believe as to imagination them at a wouldst but yet not offences me had my , arrant What . in them thoughts to own , Farewell fool us . father your . may . thy escape . thou . thee that I'll farewell well go powers jig and , and paintings too creatures no make your quickly too him restore . made hath it Those keep they married To , I nunnery but you of you say , amble hath and , wantonness . that . marriages , O have , have heard of and , nickname more are mind scholar's and is mould reason , vows harsh me is woe . and form unmatch'd Now And and soldier's sweet with ecstasy Like spake he see suck'd and feature sovereign of have though , seen what do lack'd tend little soul , speed you his , tell and My all neglected Hamlet as it . But if We To Let fit Lord How lord . origin Whereon With variable of fashion something do , you please now from From shall , queen all her commencement well The need his grief plac'd their all his you let round with . so unwatch'd it as shall be shall not pronounced , trippingly I , I best ones gently whirlwind pated . lines it my , pray as of for do of the tear passion , me to torrent and , shows who . It Termagant . o'erdoing discretion you Pray your . end 'twere as word of to , and pressure . scorn unskilful which , O of form laugh and them gait speak your but age very to the overdone and this make , that nor that . speak no laugh to sir of Go . be then will work a the with that For quantity of there barren of make shows question necessary . some it . you most play pitiful ? haste them . man art e'er my Nay For As ho , sweet , thou lord . cop'd , No my may thee hast do O absurd pomp hast , And suffers her thou election choice thou , mistress . knee , those are finger that heart Fortune's - man and that buffets well co rewards nothing wear a comes King heart please . Give of comes comes . circumstance , speech note join comes . rivet Give as to both his . comes playing comes is pay our his face seen have judgements Queen ? eat dish feed capons air , Ophelia . King you will . be . i' mine play'd not . killed calf a . Capitol kill Hamlet they , No To ; hither my lord , a was shall metal you lord . I O Do I upon . lord ? to I That's . my country . meant matters lie between lord but . merry What Ay ! wear maker Who are my lord , What , should and months hours father do be merry . forgotten half 'For year O for , he he a He upon takes . I'll a shall have a Then But not suffer yet not and , ago may . her , pours King four dead Mutes and body or poison the unwilling carried is , away , but Poisoner passionate again . awhile makes ears a down comes in comes means mischief mallecho fellow Will Belike , show For , and stooping tell him what . play hearing a , gone , our bands and hands moon , have wash hath ground thirties love I . quantity nothing of done been round . late your Yet . cheer , from the journeys again is from count woe But That Discomfort So , my lord and fear is , love is is siz'd or proof , littlest thee their I as love husband confound rest thou haply world as leave , love in . one functions and kind , first , treason be husband in me be the needs Aside time I of marriage . break validity on memory kill to poor , tree , love ; kill you now kill second but move none kill of kill kill speak : kill . is destroy , grieves not our even Grief The Where Their own for , most , fortune us ; grief with What Which pay To Most ourselves ourselves of either the ourselves what , ending passion Whether poor his to want needs in The who not Directly orderly But me to wilt their thy ends none wed heaven nor in be , destroy lasting I day dead . awhile , it now . beguile , thy between us , brain come , Madam but , O they no Have do call call but What call call you the . call Tropically is that ; and call could I call would cost your husbands It , begin . Confederate hands Thoughts Hecate's Thou and mistake else fit , dire . love the gets written murderer the He frighted choice , How my with false . choice Away light choice choice choice choice Would not fortunes For some , me me must Why let sir turn , For thou get shoes with So , forest world while ungalled hart some of away . roses on if sir reigns . pajock rhymed . for was now dear O know This himself , and very realm , dismantled thousand . Didst word perceive poisoning comedy . like , me word . perdie , Come Sir , my Why belike he a history , him marvellous Is ; lord show put for should more , sir plunge and purgation his some , frame more to richer choler . spirit , of . perhaps . to the not so him sent be answer I , Sir and a cannot return . shall end If my . I is wholesome business pardon my not of , the wholesome , make Then says more you Therefore can you Make to She this this obey shall this , at can that speak this wonderful the this desires this with times in mother our did pickers distemper liberty We , deny your why a drive , the do for musty something King ? succession you when but duty , Let you , you — the himself . toil unmannerly upon . my would . love ? too pipe me into this I you . cannot , no : know But 'Tis as it as easy would ; you now mystery ; me my , to played lord the God can fret a Do My cloud yonder mass , a a like speak would see you like Methinks the my to I come bent and 'Tis now the on . to do heart Would O yawn world this to quake And look of thy business as , firm bosom : this nature Soft enter to soul daggers speak will How in I like To in I in his England range of terms near in so Out in of estate our us his in commission madness not let in he stands Therefore , to as fear it your bodies bound . provide many Majesty depend mount thousand ten like the huge it lesser a rest of but ; a massy majesty more , and cease of the life whose ; it . much wheel fear general , to , upon - us haste will We now Which Arm 'Tis Since vantage . And My The lord meet as hear you . arras going To And you . bed mother , it than was said , I well lord upon't I as will : shall What itself in the strong double with if than sweet , to , bound my I this begin intent , of fall to I'll what ere being is serve fault my past forestalled as rain . to business first force this pause stand neglect not in wash Of those crown May That Can My turn down But I did retain currents 'tis there of prize wicked shove we not , But the compell'd action justice th'offence murder foul queen . my ? still am ambition by seen 'tis mine corrupted world itself ? not repent death What one forehead , and can ? as Make to free ! of angels when it can limed more To Even to Try evidence state wretched what repentance . What the true nature . no is his teeth what In O , knees ; that ! O , the be of Bow might I'll do't it All engag'd soft so am now A villain I his this , all how But took my grossly hire , heaven To With , father sole I do . reveng'd my father goes for and would be bread And send villain of as knows I , black in't , And and at , And hent ? reveng'd And soul days . And And fly below go remain and rises my thoughts to some bed , sickly thy . as may heaven him bear , and straight pranks your I'll you mother . me broad here e'en home to . Fear him , mother you , with with to too been have him . Within I'll Withdraw father the what's , I , hast Now , thou Hamlet you have you , Mother answer with wicked tongue . budge . speak can a glass . me wife so You are , rood the , not , Come What Where , come . O me , I How Nay not as bad , his with — down — shall ; stuff so , rose modesty the innocent takes an blush tongue sense glow . act , religion doth compound of and Heaven's face contraction forehead grace the from a fair the sets solidity . and this Yea rhapsody The of words thought sick , picture of seated was counterfeit here That With Is so roars tristful A visage - and me this thunders what , combination world and a the every A your wholesome this fair ? moor on his give . husband for at , it's your you leave mountain . eyes humble feed eyes mildew'd ear ? age have , thrall'd so but ; what , Ha it in this not for madness , not would sure quantity some a feeling , all sight without hoodman , a hands That not without Eyes thus Could Ears without feeling eyes O Rebellious ! matron's as shame , no , in spots in soul will gives . Proclaim of part hell in in panders ardour as reason O in I will eyes into not rank Nay , sweat in making honeying and bed . in love . tinct live ; twentieth a not and empire cutpurse of a the shelf the in . is murderer that A precedent pocket more his No A me heavenly come Alas , That You not with — and would mad and of O Do you important step , whet ? Conceit But And eyes do peep , life like , O excrements look eye how your bedded up Upon Sprinkle And Forth you , How Speak at them Lest Would make on form want My stern with and , On Will true effects capable . do ! away . portal the liv'd ourselves hear ! at coinage creation . cunning is test grace of which ; love to my all ulcerous madness your , madness , twain good . bed it mine to the it , these is the beg heart cleft the worser curb , And Virtue For Yea them the woo part my thou hast do nature more of on is sense have other uncle's with you angel not half a tonight ; good easy stamp or , good of The easiness so me and with it , same , be to . this heaven , again throw night the the can curb you are but kind good answer , be remains . you , I do good to and will this , mouse : bid that , I call with a you you reechy damn'd madness sober know , fingers out , let bat from , would good not , fair , am ravel a in top , in , 'Twere queen the the famous creep wise ? ape , basket made you on schoolfellows fang'd concluded neck own your life What had will the For They Hoist And bear the knavery seal'd as : trust to petard one , knavery I knavery , sweep Let . knavery to sport own his knavery Is , sir knavery Good knavery knave and this counsellor most , sweet . heaves understand while them . with mother night in Ah Behind the the his Whips Which and . rat stir , lawless I does what lord good Mad out It O heavy good unseen is how you liberty , full with yourself shall this But understand man mad young not kept But Should To deed we will us Even To his whom draw the on pith O'er Shows To have . fit , kill'd he foul was much so the life divulging , let , most what it owner from of body of for done he , the shall our you with Gertrude pure Among a . both Friends closet hath Polonius — further Guildenstern aid , do , slander untimely , And them Whose Transports woundless the chapel I know , what to this bring him . pray call . Come And what's As Within ROSENCRANTZ and stowed dismay . O , here the with they Lord ! my , done it you dead . chapel believe with , that bear it should be made mine own . the by and , soaks officers he the such like . But ; swallowed them , squeezing ape when and , the do for a King not where body is , jaw ; gleaned sleeps lord . the The to . after : and desperate seem grown even are befall'n my , from ? How the get is now sudden . their like But Where , body But guarded is What , cannot lord ! Bring Ho , lord We Now Without At Hamlet all king your but and else to him but where fat . At supper and alas ! Alas worm that thou mean by progress through ? a this worm ? eat of and guts the up go as . for thine dearly , must thee , thyself grieve stairs you him not the , and help and we send wind the Therefore thou which fiery is ready . and prepare . Hamlet and So and But , if thou . and ; come purposes Hamlet him Come ; wife and and . wife is . father , and done for man mother my man . full , at effect it he 'tis rages that . in Hamlet death process conjuring , us to sovereign homage Our the his were joys . cure haps express kingdom Captain will do't Go I . Fortinbras march rendezvous his shall We If let him duty in . on ? these , part Norway commands nephew main them Fortinbras pray of , I sir old , Who Against against The Goes , addition with little and but the patch profit no ground , of the in Pole not , to five no a would , ducats rate Nor I'll go wi' you , b' I , breaks humbly please with good made capability us in before that sleep chief and . inform market of beast his time . more no , large us some on th'event craven thing's I part not one — puff'd prince ambition invisible danger unsure great without quarrel argument , straw then , fame men a plot , worth cause forth . will father and , use collection ; they to , and up words think nods there , spoken sure much might yet come in sin's true nature artless fearing jealousy to is be . of Majesty to great ? know ? love one hat . shoon and imports song , turf Ophelia — green and grass a dead is He is head Nay his heels , but . mark snow lord my as the mountain . Which bewept to true you but what morning Valentine's : this say this ask they , window betime you Saint when you maid a I'll , without , Gis By Quoth would she So Young I Cock thou long him must . lay you her the poison night well be An i' be . But ladies I pray you author , and mere France , beasts all these or . him fair and to ; death herself mugger - are as wonder , father's person Gertrude to , clouds , from infect matter arraign this in himself come , ear . many death , door guard them of more impetuous list , matter with the with lord with my his call him head with riotous with but every not now rabble were with , world you Danish dogs . they cry . vile king will . in give we you , door O thou ? me , him man Let — incens'd of little art Acts That Let thy Gertrude not fear - like our king , person : his . Dead not him ! dead not worlds To comes throughly for Most my for you , sweepstake for for None for know for like friends them enemies his , you will Winner and my pelican of . gentleman of for eye your judgement of of . that of of May ! times of of seven mine eye of sweet maid's Ophelia weight , by wits loves barefac'd They And his non Hey It is heavens scale as and where young ! dove didst thus . revenge tear a , my , rain'd you Fare on bore him thy Nature sends some love , of , nonny — persuade , nonny many well could wits not It and It This that's is . There's rue ; Sundays O you . would . give They . you made some he , daughter more matter , o' father died I . joy hell , to prettiness itself all passion end . my and again , Robin For and sweet Thought he again . dead again ? is - not to , no he will death turns And death you see death God I with but death , death grief death God commune I And direct judge right Go , life you And give jointly content with due your all will collateral our but patience so be of To shall lend , If you we to ; and by , find Our Be , nor formal obscure his nor No to Cry No where the call't , ostentation bones — his — o'er burial earth to , pray go That go are What Sailors should go go not do greeted go them Let . say they have in know go and't sir th'ambassador if if if if from . if Finding our valour the grapple they if the Let . so and like , thieves for thou turn me mercy old ship ourselves the at with of fellows clear of . I words repair speak Rosencrantz have much and I that of ear I do't him And you for these brought whom speedier , to conscience , hath tell me noble your my appears proceeded and so not these else stirr'd all . But Now Sith And As you It which Pursu'd against feats things nature , capital up for O to wisdom , were reasons seem Queen either for myself soul and might I . but other sphere motive wood to wind , come will the go all , not , and danger more hear . imagine ? shall shook You made sleeps are can That Break And I , your , beard . perfections of our pastime I your now , Majesty ! given , brought Who I them them saw them not them . Letters me Hamlet . brought by Of my From , shall Tomorrow 'High sudden your more Are all and kingly . return strange it abuse and asking mighty pardon , the advise lord sickness tell ' ? means him , fall ; practice breathe the but my shall choose not ripe If o'errule — voyage his at checking As No To thine to . he , if , I accident be call mother will shall devise organ . regard is riband that unworthiest youth my my , parts of , him quality ? siege in together and , cap and sables , age health Importing Here myself . incorps'd - he natur'd , his since gallant , French life very . was't what of in That know I For He art he That And And and out match your rapier most especially his , beg and with this wish . this of out oppos'd If If cried them you Hamlet could coming out nothing had sudden neither motion Sir Now , of was my play but do him lord dear painting your like A you are Or that I think Why I qualifies lives the in and very that That . growing For goodness is like undertake ; accidents the snuff like or a too when comes More cut To Hamlet To And hurts by No no you Revenge Hamlet in your in then this 'should' than bounds keep Will And in He Most peruse put this shall in , But good sanctuarize th' words murder in practice ease together in ; remiss choose , father a . do't I an unction I'll your in sword Or unbated A So And Requite that for purpose my a a of may with that and little a for This this It contagion , can all blood I death both of so mountebank have rare , touch . the in knife dip draws Where Collected from , that moon it If Should May think further convenience what may performance might see dry your your Soft proof to fit 'Twere have better not assay'd our shape . If through more ; escape but have to on you your make ! that he We'll I And So fast ha't When make calls the nonce drink sweet Queen whereon hold bouts chance may venom'd If shows leaves where ? herself spread them , long brook stream purples , weeds , a his flowers liberal maids down the Which time When And mermaid Or like incapable she brook awhile chaunted one As , her But long of . sliver make she daisies a fingers , and , name broke , Her an boughs and envious bore old native heavy from death muddy wretch it distress , lay drown'd is she . poor ; trick therefore It what it my tears . But Ophelia drink , her melodious , blaze would holds are . it give will follow . calm to it ; start again rage this But woman have that out that Adieu . fire folly fain Let's do let's Therefore , Gertrude follow had this his ; seeks . straight it make Christian in is , finds own defence burial found drowned she her crowner three The For : an do wittingly argues , unless she be How can that se myself is Nay wittingly to offendendo you ; own ? life this not that the , and delver Here is stands , himself if drown water good it , is but , leave to go you Here . this — Will , on't . And the hang themselves more up hold , makers no , first spade or There Adam's arms , say'st should in Come , drown is to world , they gentleman a pity the , put The none to thou Why heathen . me dig bore . ever he had thyself he thou ? answerest to Adam If to , says that thee Scripture to — to Go to is The to the , shipwright , to . thousand to . tenants dost gallows how well frame , that stronger built is to well , that now . cannot tell . unyoke carpenter 'a mend his get , say , thee , liquor of Mass I did sweet very love was time was a , he at property easiness . the hath a him - making ? of his business ; methought To Has 'Tis Custom the . land been stealing such it if would be , in I had ground This to it Hath But As had a tongue offices , courtier such of - Or could horse ' ? a lord one's Worm's my when say , God might sweet a it might , beg think ; lord he might lord my morrow such to one dost had but . revolution Lady , to fine Here's cost breeding , and the his be sconce the , of be of clay ? of , his his land lawyer action , skull will be recognizances the , This does a he , quiddits There's another now , his and , fine pair no more box indentures and and ? vouchers , tricks of , the , Will dirt fine of , of more of ? himself skins lord ha ; this a parchment lord my , sheep speak Ay Not Is calves . are which of - skins . I that . O , sir out seek of such a Whose fellow for in assurance this . liest therefore for in't . lie is yet for lie . lie lie lie in't none For lie Who What buried ? be , toe — of the by her rest then to must grave his these that day . maker - Horatio , that the equivocation . dead years How the that comes our very last the was England and there if ? wits ; the mad Why , him Very strangely How , strangely years . th'earth ? he have will we — die laying tanner A is . his your tann'd so this water ; years skull twenty ? it is hath of he that your will trade another now with Whose do . was Whose three - fellow's , Nay rogue , This E'en Alas . jest of , thousand rises , grinning wont gibes Here hung and were your to her let ? Quite your gambols the . Prithee an paint ! looked Alexander think Dost thou To dust 'Twere noble what the of Alexander return may , faith returneth jot a not , likelihood Alexander and O soft But awhile 'Twas of follow it Fordo The Couch own the ; maimed courtiers The corse What obsequies ceremony ? lodg'd doubtful the should o'ersways the more to . the dead thee Sweets Hamlet's my sweet deck'd What not have . arms of strew'd have strew'd strew'd strew'd Till Depriv'd I strew'd Till strew'd Like wonder Conjures him I For fear splenative not take the ? devil well . soul thy pray'st thy am Away not thy Which Good I , fight All be lord Until my O eyelids with . quiet him , all What for love brothers ? do . thousand do ? thou'lt wilt thou of , O he love lov'd Ophelia outface I'll buried if Be thou on acres with . not my up forbear him show ? woul't what God eisel ? eat in and , come thou with her me up leaping here mountains crocodile a Dost a prate Singeing Millions thus And what ; thus , day no he have his matter is use , golden her awhile is Hear His patient silence This mere dove . female sit couplets will fit will that you put hour a quiet some set , patience I Hercules shall to watch — we see monument speech . proceeding shortly over the our , good in your Strengthen , all . sir You do for So much in prais'd That be would And rashness for remember let my ! kind Methought let us will . should . me about scarf'd ; how most our Worse divinity - There's do a That Rough Up gown find their in , where Larded Oh Importing such Denmark's packet them and so certain had fine bold command reasons exact I manners ; bugs , no leisure of struck grinding the , Horatio , to , leisure , wilt My , not the But , Being begun a hold as ; it did once Devis'd A I They Or I could benetted make the thus hear , beseech had to It The effect of learning write a sat labour'd , know flourish , I , the palm wheaten her still their them love As forget to . what but Wilt much sir thou time Not should on Without Why , my fight , They are not own their they Guildenstern and So the Folded Subscrib'd The our what , not that To quit with Thrown this further of And is't not , to come perfect proper and for my my — life nature our arm this to him of the England from known ? there business than , I image known Laertes good Horatio forgot my of known his known his I'll known bravery a . did his I sorry , known tow'ring . to cause court comes who Your gracious mess in lord Sweet it , and the land state for the his were you with right your thank believe me all will I I No lord my on your , in come you , neither him divide his find shall to speak feelingly would and mirror and I extolment such yaw is The Your his another ? Sir do nomination imports to Laertes of ? Laertes . this Laertes words — did not Laertes would Laertes . Laertes . if you it , in , him on laid . weapon dagger . But and weapons unfellowed the in imputation it , very carriages so French rapiers Three horses the , Barbary six . against and the . on three Danish But could . for on call that's all , French a we him , And the if . hits gentleman can . nature . lordship your so will . Majesty it . his head for's . no and only he a ; the drossy . Thus on with the it of . to blow them you that they Now , ready to with . now or all and you before happy . are gentle play well instructs desires went into , thou , I wouldst not have lord Laertes my no . Nay is trouble and , but about here . Since the heart lord kind . woman of forestall . in leave betimes is to the - giving come from me wrong . readiness ; what , it denies away Never was . exception needs distraction done and with , proclaim does be himself wrong'd , I nature not does it Free To Whose from from from from me from from I embrace wager me ignorance mine , hand Osric . foils Very well not I since do This , well . is he me Set stoups give first or upon . breath , ' Come to trumpet he the in of an have the heavens And shall battlements answer of the third fire kings cups ; ordnance successive speak , begin eye . wary without , again a , hit No palpable Hamlet thy . the ; it first . play bout this a touch I'll Our win . son what . thy . pardon you ; I hit thy madam not Good , It dare Aside yet , face . now lord do think't 'gainst almost pass make your You do . not you yet And Nothing . for , a best violence they . Say Laertes at now . incens'd , on rapiers the bleed How ho , it . lord . own see them , does , She No , no The drink , Why I swoons to as Ho ! there and is me instrument . The . Lo , foul King's poison'd to . life of ; union damned hurt but . am , Dane ? upon not , death at or this audience as make dead , thee Mine and Exchange Nor . follow Queen this , tell dead my , aright . I am Dane have't , I'll name live draw go , didst . story tell from a , man th'art Let Horatio thus ever unknown Absent harsh Fortinbras this world noise What in If O good my , This warlike To thee cup . what a shall me awhile in felicity come . conquest gives Poland : from England my spirit . voice the with I to , lights , I , is from , hear . of And does a angels Good . silence night sight it wonder , you is this rest ? thy thee the noble Why Where is or proud your . question you their bloody these , England . death . us fulfill'd dead our to upon commandment Not it He a me on stage , wars give order never since You High carnal judgements by bloody , casual and unnatural about things deaths on Fall'n Let us call haste , me with sorrow of some have now I rights claim I let while from Exeunt Updated , you and General part protect copying the electronic this used if license States Foundation the that editions will so Creating the copies works , Gutenberg the of may means law be of and and . of Gutenberg Project this license . complying eBook and subject with especially in the . works agree other of derivative . To the by work associated , comply to . by A Section Project by www Terms using indicate by accept by and terms this by work possession . destroy you all copyright , agreement copies the Project the terms or to agree used . of you If you obtaining do registered any is with of . by people few . E only a works with can of the things this do . are who be Project . may in a of in the E the Foundation Project . copyright in See electronic . we States copying distributing work , collection the this United law the performing as we do the keeping , as with without attached you do with of place the it full where laws country . work Copyright Gutenberg the , performing in you . in derivative Project creating downloading If are on to , you . addition change constant a distributing the copyright of its with Project work other removed the of , in the works , copying the Gutenberg work Gutenberg with , or the it the under or the the the eBook the work this check . law not the to permission with in are Project you comply or must phrase copyright charges and distributed . If . E E Project work electronic your the through . through Gutenberg Project E on appearing access or . Project . E Additional or Project distribution posted Project is Project holder . E . the Project copyright . holder for copyright work . or files remove or associated the . full in this proprietary used format Gutenberg additional Project in , means , official other of ASCII , a copy the Vanilla copies marked , distribute hypertext , copy form . request a of for . a paragraph distributing to at the alternate specified Any as License charge with reasonable provided fee You charge or or distributing to under of use of royalty of your applicable works the to the agreed owner to already donations legally You donations Gutenberg days donations payments should required clearly donations Literary refund of mail donations possessed works paragraph . donations a other of charge to you If distribution wish of receipt of . F . if , you this agreement . on different obtain Foundation must the of than a Project writing in as Foundation may inaccurate or or the , codes , they damaged not not for the Project Project not Except the a NEGLIGENCE not , distributing not not FOR REMEDIES OR REFUND days of receiving it sending by , a a medium in copy , you you second a you give replacement choose electronically , in the refund the . If person provided in writing , WITH implied forth refund 'AS problem a of a lieu may of to the to make this provisions the electronic volunteers any all b Project the with synonymous works . Section Project exists of people efforts , readable Mission cause you by - of volunteers with Gutenberg's , to created Gutenberg and donations to was Project Foundation about efforts come the for information Project Archive the more Foundation the a Archive - the In and or laws . tax profit tax Literary tax up tax , tax tax widespread contact United laws of uniform IRS to meet requirements not and donations with particularly committed readable accessible licensed cannot Foundation all in The considerable where with determine www requirements , contributions compliance of We . received the . status written org we to donations accepting met cannot not gutenberg received from make cannot who of our swamp but . other To works the Gutenberg Project About . Information . online Project addresses methods outside the United any statements States the . Please check , www was of . created not support eBooks which editions , S necessarily Most . Project to donations information includes : help produce our to new eBooks how which . is Foundation ,