answer Stand Stand unfold there Who's Stand live ! King the me Stand upon Get struck You Stand twelve much had Stand Not a mouse stirring good quiet come now most relief And this . sick cold bid Horatio Well my watch meet Stand liegemen And honest , Give my place Holla Say has . him . piece A what , Horatio good - tonight . but belief twice hold seen of again good . to story , our seen , your apparition of minutes the again eyes and this not 'twill , tush let What we two , hear us assail against have down sit pole myself , Marcellus beating one — it where comes the that's King to , like ? and Mark , Horatio . speak form buried this and warlike night I away thee ! thee charge . fantasy ! speak look this ? than ! and , now 'Tis strange Polacks in he thyself ? believe not own mine Before and King the true armour art As Good now nightly the most our my I not scope eruption and subject shipwrights the , opinion to cast for Sunday , toward That . me labourer - that but inform can whisper by now , by a even Dar'd Doth make least Did , to as image the Fortinbras emulate by and by , all the forfeit so Well Was he Against Did Which combat Fortinbras this Whose Thereto the fell skirts up in Shark'd For hath Of been of Norway of unimproved food a stomach in't by Of this A Comes That graves Did stars As Disasters and it and the the with fierce the still precurse doomsday of together countrymen climatures our and earth on the to harbingers whose Unto behold , in sick even Was Upon squeak and sun Neptune's events , me , to done , life , in earth walk fate , avoid my which thou Which if treasure , uphoarded womb oft speak Stay , foreknowing may ! here I guilty summons . violence cock crew - the fearful with god day of Doth The , And , To , Wherein It , faded , bird The And , The then nights No takes of dawning birth 'gainst crowing ever singeth no , witch and are , then no season of all spirit the to time . planets strike is yon , watch impart Hamlet ; for high dew Let Break us acquaint will upon him , and this conveniently morning fitting , to with duty know with fought our us . Voltemand , pray shall Laertes , and Lords , of Attendant , be yet Hamlet our be far we That Th'imperial as auspicious funeral we In With With With mirth equal thinking be disjoint of law meeting for much all out , freely herein dole barr'd , along wisdoms . state his ourself Thus Now our most gait his the To Lost with Importing Our He His For of business for To business to and things all and . the suppress scarcely proportions nephew's this and subject Cornelius of Of the We And In Farewell , that And us speak of suit What to offer wouldst is't : heartily it Laertes now told You What the is not instrumental thou I came return to to lord to willingly must my though favour , done coronation gracious in confess bend toward again father's that duty , I them to ? France Denmark whence from and at Polonius petition seal'd Hamlet it give you graces beseech my little than him leave lord your my , And But Laertes , Aside Laertes cast nighted hang , And Laertes Laertes How now Laertes Do 'tis know'st Laertes Thou Ay madam it is , it , the off , Denmark dust . mother breath , the in , is Nay , my it so ; visage not , know good eye of might grief , play seem show , Hamlet father , a term But and for to , grief heaven , persevere to some unmanly is . condolement a incorrect mind and , a , dead , till and We let ; unprevailing be father woe , that who our nobility less no the corse first against death From 'This that you of your , son love intent desire his : to remain our eye Wittenberg school . For our and go ; a . of to cousin , cheer Our not shall as 'tis , Be This cannon to the , prayers lose I earthly . Come away . speaking King's And gentle to jocund great my heart drinks today , come reply madam . and loving a Denmark But No - Re health unforc'd accord Denmark ; grace again two unweeded ! unprofitable world to much that : nature this , had God fix'd dew a into flesh and too too solid itself would melt ! O ! O and rank so of ! mother this not this in come and gross heaven earth hang my ! woman within winds to ! to old were poor , appetite yet those Why wants ! that . father's , discourse — she fed it I As mourn'd all beast A month if remember to That Must little he think Frailty , increase on By Let not father's yet Ere Than , which of With God of Would have O of of She is , to of , cannot incestuous come see lordship you of : hold myself Horatio . Good from even make in to faith see But am very would it I know of are lord you Wittenberg , sir that your Elsinore you ere ear you affair in own no depart report father's student . hard follow'd mother's fellow . Horatio in tables funeral foe dearest the . lord my , like his not mind's , Where — In saw a shall look I , lord My . king . I think I man Who yesternight in all for him Saw saw . may while father deliver hear gentlemen your and them : surprised fear like - exactly encounter'd dead and . waste nights love of , let For thus Appears Goes Armed truncheon's to and dreadful In speak third , night they to whilst - with of This , eyes walk'd to march , they not him impart the apparition But where was not , the kept both knew where not upon My not the not to lord not Form not But up it the methought haste shrunk cock . lord honour'd strange down writ . it motion it made My lord none head : I , it would yet sight 'tis duty ; tonight . his frowningly anger . look'd more sorrow ? eyes in Most upon his constantly , or pale very you ? it you been . amaz'd much have with If I'll it assume , my it hold have tenable you be else , hap but So , eleven 'twixt your platform loves shall fare and honour . farewell . visit I'll Our . understanding duty spirit , in father's doubt Your loves as ! would my arms is foul soul them to . embark'd soul o'erwhelm mine : soul foul , earth soul then Hamlet , and Do soul you a it , sleep . favour ; lasting nature soul primy , and fashion soul and youth of not in minute ; but it Think For , a ? that toy his , fear : persons is besmirch must his to for of as unvalu'd subject his birth do whole be choice his will cautel loves . no crescent ; the not but of he this temple soul and mind on goes ; voice himself for Whereof the the head greatness Carve he The And therefore not ; health his yielding loves body ; you circumscrib'd of says he this if far act and to deed of Denmark which believe , sister moon the buttons calumnious : dew of . safety in most are and best though none , blastments , unmask If of Out of rebels wary Be Himself not me Whilst this . But good imminent else pastors to . own and not And watchman my shall I Show As too long . But double a is blessing double stay , smiles A Yet here Occasion ? Laertes for few . are wind sits the in precepts my blessing memory act steel Beware ; voice . of and be the best rich the select oft proclaims generous a both all loan a above This And must not Are For And it canst Farewell humbly my take ; invites do as I blessing , to : as you have you servants , Ophelia as well . self thine as : then my as as as is't , keep he hath , keep he me Ophelia told keep private Marry of keep Have keep time 'Tis Given it You behoves keep between do , of as — caution understand and up the made me green a call them you circumstance what I should pay baby ; poor the fool with love . my , I'll ta'en yourself dearly ; go to , my of prodigal do I vows heaven the - a , holy his . how these blood the hath fashion , And heat given all heat springes , tongue light their heat Ay Giving must heat Be heat in heat not to parley . he few is ; brokers ways Lord your and of sanctified implorators slander come lord . with you talk charge I , to't Look The I ? What Keeps And wassail King he kettle , The doth this his takes my his bray rouse upspring ; reels Rhenish thus pledge ? here , down , swaggering . out it , I though born than the native a Is Ay it my mind marry custom ; is't am west phrase them , height men . attribute perform'd of they that too forts — of stamp — infinite His Look Angels , canoniz'd we burst To That , thee thus It you away Wherefore beyond alone impartment ? beckons if is It you Look waves some did desire . fee the can , sea horrible base his ? Think your deprive place into desperation it . beneath , on go sea . thee . it waves hands . lord not my go . off you cries petty ghost on By I As And Still am ! I'll a with desperate . obey . Denmark will the state no go it , Something . flames , myself . to unfold bound when thou hear shalt . but I am what To shall lend , serious , art thou Would Till Are burnt foul tell thy knotted each Like this O most foul his Murder to me As May sweep , most this know't , as most , foul foul And thou 'Tis abus'd ; forged so this in thou be than apt thee shouldst duller A Is serpent serpent my O and — most won gifts of That court lewdness Though of So mine I wit seduce ! love hand - there vow decline mov'd heaven link'd poor never of angel bed stole a my of distilment quicksilver it courses of man pour vial , not incest , act thy let , leave to her Denmark be . account horrible bear ! most of , soul contrive ! once lodge , me What heart villain ! villain woman , most villain . all observation all and youth Within O O villain It one That At So 'Adieu there adieu lord MARCELLUS sworn't and have my Hamlet . ho , it think . No my grave : you , poor . lord ; soldiers good tonight will . between us you here , sword . not faith already lord , indeed . thou the lord . ground Then hither Swear by of this that you have . Swear Canst work more remove is this your in , never , odd soe'er I hereafter shall bear think — on , this me or doubtful some 'There could out be to , need , together . pray . Reynaldo . intend . sir , means come touch question you it him . friends nearer his and my this may he's distant demands 'twere know particular 'I your do Than ' Ay be ' ; and I mean , him please ; take ' marry , of usual him on put and and ' , there ' dishonour ' companions As or ' Quarrelling You not no Faith The A may and flash they That my That : savageness That's Of You 'twere As Ay , you you you you 'Good you you And He mass or There 'I Videlicet There , my lord wi' b' . my you son , my Lord as upon his And speak if , Hamlet , hat And Then he would draw falls last At As , his And And to out o' the to to Come And to to That to to No him seems to to cast it is , discretion known to grief , dear we that The have did use you to hate being go which need hasty Hamlet's nor so see Guildenstern nor was death , call have Moreover father's cannot I So much dream than his so since sending we him on time so . from so here and court companies to in our gather . his to neighbour'd occasion pleasures by . rest , to . days little . youth vouchsafe and us as . your much draw to , Whether Put to sovereign power pleasures Both your majesties more you , full bent feet your and you son . gentlemen to . Norway Are Thou I Have I Both I As it Hunts hath do speak The to the think very admittance to hear lunacy — that I have to feast them bring fruit , and that hath distemper , found . found . to and it is of no death father's His Well , my , Voltemand , Most fair To Welcome we Say into Highness age ; truly Polack greetings , the to which , of sent , he , first our nephew's But was Was , So , old from , his sickness hand , against arms , thousand three , Gives , Meantime we Answer our at , and rest thank And My should , ended : labour together home feast - business took . to , is liege , night . well , madam duty day wit , time . of , flourishes is mad madness son define else go And now no figure art , Perpend thus comes the defective cause of effect this . cause I I true art art at . defect — her ; obedience , she whilst vile hear stay awhile , thou that Doubt Doubt Doubt am dear most But truth never ill I at , O numbers whilst show'd daughter by means , his ear place , to , you might I me queen what . this man you faithful love on and think of do What a wing think desk you that desk the desk , dumb sight round desk idle mute , star gave my tokens desk of did I went I thus , desk I out receive no resort her , make to this he for . we and , watch to a a — took a of short into raves by , then a , declension , fain , said I this otherwise if I it , the Within may we , a been he four . be find were will hid indeed , not then her state , carters for a . Hamlet lord my ? leave reading one picked to . world dead my being a . ten of this as That's honest — dog lord daughter lord a . my is a . harping Still again him in speak this . mean the faces the For . What is , that - most with plum potently believe yourself , weak tree gum . hold should I you . walk you o' the air often I and I on , which sometimes life lord my fools will , happy ; very button ? both , Ah , earth - of her , a is , world's , the but news . particular doomsday None , waist about , the O , most ; news of my she sends good is not that to lord . Denmark's my my you my , my which my none your Why , then ambition my makes could thinking space my be bounded I Which God not shadow but dream . so of dreams Truly A dream , indeed , were infinite and I , our shadows hold ambition shadow's and by dreadfully most make , the am no what man sort you with I an will not honest of GUILDENSTERN . rest my sent Elsinore attended . But at other occasion you you ? Come you craft and . the of . for not obligation a the rights were you better What ? you or . Guildenstern withal and even and To . My lord you secrecy tell why your and will Nay I then I have wherefore so ; late goodly excellent no a the dust , piece of thing this . by though lord My of in Man then did , if lord receive hither laugh , there , my shall are from they the sigh players think plays ; that of He shall me the lady Even shall you better was , to wont such by did Their . ways the so ? are followed indeed , No ? Do it How they estimation inhibition profit their same comes in keeps afraid of stages goose - quills common ? quality they the , like they so and are are they their much them tarre unless to to do poet been possible of about my and too brains . his load and forty , those , of , King is than for , his my while ducats him apiece it the for strange There , do ; in is this are to Elsinore welcome are more is welcome should my , players fashion to and . which me , I southerly That . is old an swaddling clouts I a . man . so indeed it — you they players . child 'twas Mark . actor in to Roscius my . honour Upon actor on for tragedy his ass pastoral , heavy - scene Plautus are the , the for only nor individable , men . comedy historical or poem light , a liberty the too - Israel be cannot writ Jephthah judge more ? daughter on Why daughter loved right on on my passing lord well . old on a . on . on daughter not lot , God you on then follows lord Why welcome old beard all will most like know glad . friend me of lady By'r Com'st friends are row the masters , good . welcome have . gold We'll We'll . see all , last last , The thee you piece of ladyship and ladyship . altitude to your , ladyship uncurrent welcome ladyship ladyship by ladyship are above to well the cunning ladyship caviare not heard thee in the cried , but I , play it , a me once general the What for But in set the sallets with in an to slaughter Dido and speech in as might that phrase method , If let with begins he : it let Priam's much , loved not his couched , where It as rugged The When Black Hath , is With Bak'd of impasted this blood That vile thus murders a their eyes With And well , grandsire like lord , With So 'Fore And bold rend Out , general synod strumpet on Pyrrhus' for - Pyrrhus' dreadful orb thunder work bleeding her from . Cyclops' , region him , heaven Prithee take . down take to the hill fiends take take take bawdry to your take come ; a tale mobled queen' ? good threat'ning upon and , o'erteemed of th'alarm would themselves see did have fear treason Pyrrhus make sword clamour his with her move burst she When The In things And made mortal instant mincing have has he I'll no have players were are the abstracts no have well out the no speak will no use while report no I , no Use every your in sirs no Come . Can friend old , Ay lord . need study down set a insert a and would for my and , my lord look Elsinore to friends my my my my am I , my good peasant this , all to in that player alone ! tears speech peak Yet the ? th' ? throat be cannot villain villain , kindless or : and for gall this me lie i' lack ere the , all . this ! and with , father have have blench but hath have ; players will these that he have power have have , have perhaps seen grounds melancholy my yea devil spirits such , have the thing play's The of conscience the by his no harshly Grating Nor But we would with what we a him him forward madness Of of with But Niggard We of raught hear I . him any to out that kind of joy ? players these the . or behav'd frankly seeing encounter that he his . for is love of of . of of , book of of so . may Read blame o'er ! my conscience , art ! beautied beautied it word helps lord beautied withdraw that beautied sea outrageous To a , beautied the of against sleep beautied to say natural end sleep question : we rub , delay , not of of we rather returns puzzles the will , we ills of of and cast native the make regard all Good honour for lord my ! Nymph this , well well ; you How your thank humbly That My you honest and your than commerce , for the bawd than have beauty beauty your should honesty with will of transform can honesty , you me believe force love you made ; virtue . more had thou but mother . Why yet be I not borne accuse could me breeder beck than between thy earth ways . Be . calumny marry , nowhere . lord that . thou given , amble mad wantonness already , all . I , nunnery , sword , state of quite , and and vows wretched , sovereign most , quite mould fair the , here scholar's rose fashion observers ladies and of out and . O , that way I tend a in brood and sits lack'd hatch with determination for to to prevent speed : tribute , England , thus him expel different heart shall , in puts think beating How , do after , entreat with the him the not where . him ear great ones I as use lines , my all I as but may give smoothness pray mouth spoke it you must as , you say periwig split the - ears nothing but for whipped you it of a capable . Herods I ; but the not o'erstep from is o'erweigh off and body seen of the own and , grieve whole heard others , the of others having man praise , and highly must , laugh unskilful which made have so nor journeymen neither of hope . them let those set that . and some uses hear this piece of work . Go necessary . on in though considered Since feed To Where Nay thee the crook thrift As Hast Whose That sound stop what are they core do I is thee tonight and please slave Something play of this . circumstance heart the death of I One There Which I stithy unkennel Give mine when the have to rivet will eyes Vulcan's As the , this the playing , face his judgements . place Get aught It he They I I must Polonius , others ? Hamlet , is play pay Queen to a , and cousin Enter King fares of - march Danish . A Rosencrantz , chameleon's feed My you you What I did I enact Julius part and . accounted say was ? upon capital ? good a , sit your calf . Brutus . Capitol that by metal more ? mark Hamlet . attractive ? lord ? my lord lord between . maids' lord my I should my , looks and my twice ! let , cheerfully - 'tis , heavens Nay only maker my two the memory die then build must , hope , with and a upon show horse very Queen - lovingly ; protestation Lays Anon the , Mutes leaves of is the . He him and takes fellow he a bank him him him . dead her , it , returns kisses seeing Queen declines . takes dead . The . off , The exits action to dead lament dead seeming woos with with dead What know dead cannot players miching means by shall We , any are you For naught You We beg stooping your hearing , are and your , prologue 'Tis or the my , a this And Is About Neptune's the world our love Unite have and hath wash thirty Make us again me count many distrust love fear , and proof lord , So woe far So Faith belov'd husband confound and rest the In must love Such the Aside second second . instances Wormwood but me treason in accurst breast . now what kisses my husband marriage move of dead . debt be forget grief the mellow is . the , on doth , aye revels most with , grieves The own world 'tis Whether For Grief The great lead question fortune you , left us to his else or advanc'd want and of overthrown none second lord is so contrary own wed and hope scope destroy wife . be strife , break me here awhile . thy . thy thy in't ? world thy word thy , thy how do What . Marry done see shall in . Gonzago Tropically the knavish that wince have 'tis piece we chorus is You a nephew lord I , lord my , you groaning my edge thy leave damnable revenge Pox and , seeing collected bellow . murderer , the you keen , for , infected His Italian name's Gonzago . shall . the King . anon how Gonzago's wife see The . fire rises fares Why the deer . lights , the , Give the my light . the Away the , the . feathers away must the of here . reigns dear , now dismantled was , whole thou Of , realm and — for ? lord . rhymed pajock have ! music very the Very , my word a pound perdie , the Come , the , The Sir Why Good , ha Ah King , should itself , me into far him for show to put to more my mother , great spirit of pronounce , affair and start , frame some from sir most your you please commandment ; my good , wholesome answer you command My Then wonderful but to behaviour struck mother's a this her can heels so desires shall your I We obey were lord , your Good so Sir , the of wind recover to the Ay own what my understand — withdraw with is upon lord that too . Will , bold my unmannerly lord . you beseech cannot I cannot My you I , I . of these Believe do give eloquent is , compass to can fret you a it ; would now you you mystery ; look played lord My be Call yet ; Call and cannot there you my Call Call Do Call Call mass Methinks like like a it Or like and I easily . I by whale a by witching time is 'Tis and By my mother When Contagion Would O heart on Nero this firm my day the drink night me Leave of breathes . bosom cruel be of such enter , now , Soft Now and but , soul in to lose , to look this , not daggers do And quake soul nature not unnatural this she . consent , be stands nor range madness your The Hazard To I let him I With all The itself of 'noyance but summit is the but depend cease a It of ten many strength the and keep single To The lives upon whose from and keep not Dies What's huge spokes the doth draw , speedy with a upon . fear voyage . know to bed you I my wisely warrant to mother's his , the as that nature meet arras I'll partial well than was you , convey , him tax she'll audience . them , the Behind To It A O , hath the murder like thicker than neglect guilt stand My Were And stronger where pause man itself in ? of twofold offence this come to Whereto form murder , justice itself so the forehead and 'tis the shove of retain , the prayer possess'd . th'offence world prize action lies compell'd not ? repent ? of there ourselves our rests . steel : send revenge that for be praying is he now blown and this father . And so he That do , flush blown then No , blown rage some about his of pleasure asleep and blown . our in But To is When That gaming blown blown And ; 'Tis with take is sword Or ; him in for or or ; soul but physic My This hell has ; Words come will Tell He Much , Withdraw I'll , my thy hast , Hamlet Mother , thou tongue answer father , mother Now , much with , now now , matter you you idle mother . your No are You , then , And Nay come , were , the the would so , my speak Thou help ! me glass not . budge . help Draws ? dead ! part see not and sit you till ! ho a O what O , hast I O rash and . not me A , a As lady be your of wringing let If . I done that thou dar'st against penetrable busy . Thou , wretched I To Thou find'st . is In . From false a blister there an contraction O forehead the And . virtue sets That , With Yea loud , rhapsody words solidity this soul the The , A , what me , and what Ay this , grace presentment Hyperion's curls to threaten herald the like station , and himself command , eyes you Have a what hill indeed Look world god combination kissing seal a his have , it's humble , sense ; judgement blood ; Sense madness for , to it the to it To apoplex'd without Ears sense but a Or in without serve such Eyes feeling hath That mope thus cozen'd or feeling without , where ! shame mutine flaming melt Since And reason will more no and to enseamed their black my speak eyes , Hamlet panders gives be virtue fire doth . soul ; ears ; mine . villain twentieth and is , lord precedent that not more speak me enter the from That your slave it No more in — stole rule kings part the , vice and of A the of cutpurse Of A , What time say ! The in not , That You not whet amazement Do in with your hold on is't weakest bodies on thy between but Is O But And you How Conceit , it to Speak Alas , action what Then perchance ; this effects colour this you nothing Do To true make form and with all ; yet at Will want tears ? see . away steals the brain it he liv'd portal . keep to test the ; madness music , within come to heaven , music ; music music of Forgive music woo music and itself in curb Hamlet , thou for compost what yourself mining madness speaks ulcerous the film ; to my him leave these this pursy beg me the mine other of , not bed , this in fair yet sense you , use . shall is a who , evil the gives , if is with worser go put likewise on . frock Refrain throw more desirous of beg blessing I'll With wondrous but repent with , scourge and this Once me . out , Once of stamp Once night bles'd be him Once good same it , Once , Once well bed damn'd of call good remains be good , kisses , wise , him know , a do , madness so , house's and all famous the sense from of but , all would , gib let all good Who on the all in own words if your , assur'd life of all break fly birds neck all I hast be of to ? concluded , you know , breath life And must There's forgot letters breath and had I and bear me 'tis For and And his marshal I will Whom and trust to own line and I mandate I knavery sport O crafts me directly . and . into most knave into into sighs Good into into ? understand son . into These . little into a us , lord How , as must There's matter translate Gertrude wind In stir good in rapier , this his And out is the the sea Mad the , Ah Whips Behind and , But it keep not young short the from of owner pith the draw To on man a foul . divulging the very his a pure life mineral let , weeps of He O'er Shows apart . of hath he disease was he Where is all him no sun ship and must join hath slain further Ho — with hath , madness him from , excuse , shall go I up wisest friends this the some Polonius closet , mother's in his the , Come And Whose to cannon . of full is his level what's Transports Who done , Hamlet GUILDENSTERN ROSENCRANTZ Within on Safely . come be ? king a his mouthed but not it , dry gleaned jaw have shall you you not countenance . not again not of his service ; King's not sponge , in rewards his not . a us with — body is and sleeps not be my knavish but is , nothing Of body must dangerous not the Deliberate By desperate appliance Diseases are all judgement . th'offender's judgement To How now Or judgement not judgement ? is judgement We where my judgement is know judgement . befall'n . lord , him guarded , he , before ! supper only supper . eaten is variable . supper end fat — supper emperor for two , we your supper certain A and Your is ! supper mean a ? supper . beggar of is go by that worm . king eat the not him guts there him him seek there If If stairs . thee If — hast thou tender must prepare we If especial thyself , bent at ; If , dearly If the and , For is With Which which , do deed we that For , Good Hamlet . it a cherub see So is . England . with Tempt at is everything him ; for and Farewell one ! wife at free red , know blood Do to it imports he effect and not coldly give raw thy that which of process to homage After great thereof , cure For the death present The his Go his Over We that his his If his his his his How Goes Who to main Or To That hath ducats five Polack Norway would but profit patch , I be no it gain , in will Nor We Truly pay , to speak to go to already and the breaks . wi' you I with you please you Go straight occasions spur Be And all dull and sleep to Sure Looking he fust in us That before made his thought parts quarter'd on one part know means not wisdom and , invisible mass do me , to but — this I thing's and , coward . this army Examples have I ever I But Even When Is the kill'd to my mother , see blood a quarrel great dare and , Rightly find without in fame for , continent , men reason a father death the Which the thoughts slain Whereon their graves cannot like sleep my honour's The , Go all of , while not ? be or from try beds , fight cause this be worth time forth She Spurns That There's would make , collection half straws and her of world , Her aim their and might , with in breeding minds . for unhappily thought yield , them . there think Though good Dangerous conjectures fit , at move things in doubt it thoughts doth ill - her sick toy full of in spills So soul prologue to some fearing jealousy sin's as artless come Let 'Twere come It , come beauteous How come ? and staff come cockle And his hat one your come , How sweet By Nay gone , you He his is dead grass a . stone green Ophelia . look , but you Pray gone , turf ! mountain not did ; lord sweet with all true do bewept With How say the owl may a God . we . of upon not this but you , dild let's this Tomorrow in , morning Valentine's day this betime . this say you Saint this is the at chamber window , this end I'll Saint Charity shame are do't and and Alack , if yonder , me brother shall my ? been i' th' cold ground you . close in Next But your his gone from When and Thick . night her her , Of For Divided and , Without the as we and himself buzzers is on Her Last Polonius' just unwholesome good In Wherein With pestilent speeches person his , arraign dear , this places beasts judgement from clouds , what , is , the them is . door , ' . the be known call now every word , riotous a overpeering , yourself rabble not ! offices the flats custom props to to king , 'Choose Antiquity we cheerfully is How , this king The No , We I stand Danes . Keep , you — Sirs let's I you , thank blood my the true to , father unsmirched the vile , harlot me king , Laertes , king fear Laertes - giant , doth — his Where Speak father go would it me him a not Do my what to . That Acts thou little Why my my Let him demand . my my reveng'd ! devil my , and foe revenge so world them husband the with I'll , They sweepstake If Will good , I And am as shall am It How Let . Within dry , Burn heat , brains madness thy , kind the possible is't turn as a old and , some loves of . 'tis , thing bier hey , many , grave non Hey It could not move didst revenge a stole . tear a ! O . master's his - persuade dove — down . love thoughts . fitted , and remembrance you ; died . grace father I Sundays o' my columbines it of a There's daisy . you say itself not not not wi' . not soul God , God All , away moan not God b' not , hand your God ? but with commune I Do Christian you and ours O Go grief . and shall choice hear whom of by touch'd our , we , direct will and all that not . soul , call us your to if your due give jointly satisfaction ; with to we And be where I they come say them Sailors They in Let sir , would with me speak . part sir thee Let I do not I bless you bless for England it if give , appointment the am a gave us we these , a . bound , sir when I King , a . have very sail boarded much the to Guildenstern will with as of thou you give will He speedier , you brought . me letters , Farewell course for your them for slain , feats . noble heart , ear seal , hath which you conscience in my your friend , you yet She's could to the my not great a virtue Is like star not but in , him go bear gyves spring so for his all to graces wood their count by conjunctive , looks are his so or dipping , I That Too Convert For not Break Whose A And And not have to loud . again , and imagine with of may mount that of stuff You hope it can we lov'd your , now What this from the . more hear not . set naked When eyes them brought Claudio ; saw receiv'd . them am first Tomorrow more thereunto leave pardon mean is your sudden and ? you hand the . 'Naked ! ' ' you Are the he ? advise no all recount , to strange abuse character should Or I 'Tis a Hamlet's postscript It live If you should Ay it how be , not will peace he If own As To Will As To more No an at his my me to he return'd be I in choose but work it it . accident devise rul'd . right Your hearing it of falls might if lord even talk'd Hamlet's shine such , a it . it will rather The it That Did As did it Of the and , and too for sables becomes no youth the is , cap of youth , lord it in health Than Yet needful settled The Here seen I've myself Importing age careless light witchcraft they Had had he . brought Lamord was't life very . the brooch nation is same . my shapes far and did . of of what Come Norman indeed . He the of well him one he And 'twould 'twould And cried you . your 'twould match had . Hamlet oppos'd you If 'twould Did could o'er this father painting heart this of 'twould play do so ? lord , 'twould — him and but of out coming nothing to wish , time father love of love abate ; it fire ? proof , goodness That would we hath should snuff snuff A snuff kind And Dies are show Hamlet hurts snuff For in do when is of snuff , a like at a growing much and , tongues snuff by comes then And there We As easing this And That place should you Hamlet To Revenge We'll wager , have put set you ; in a , sword A that for Requite Or unbated I'll anoint . father him I but unction that Collected from , can blood do't my sword rare so cataplasm that save all moon , contagion what Let's if . the knife . mountebank , virtue death , it . this have And May both 'Twere Should blast make your bouts your motion violent both , I'll have prepar'd both , him , cunnings your to venom'd both there whereon your but , stuck that hot and . sipping both Queen ? see . both end hold may escape chance he for more , that . assay'd back in Soft might hold dry , another's the , O ! a - There flowers , hoary nettles cold Clamb'ring There Of the weeping brook , chaunted of her creature like she - like a long it and could with heavy that As time Pull'd awhile poor garments awhile snatches , spread her , awhile their melodious awhile , awhile yet holds awhile , blaze . rage again his start to , to had Therefore this Let's will let's seeks The grave do follow , and own herself Why unless , drowned her it therefore finds so . in her own For act : here perform to , goodman you herself do to , act is to It Nay Here lies this water this you himself this , marry on't been ? If say'st this Come . thou there should ha' this Ay countenance in this have my makers : this There hang pity o' the more or drown . to grave - Was he bore ? none ever gentleman a is had dig to purpose Scripture the . without ? not . carpenter than for or If . that wit does is stronger Who ? like thy than to well well in to than . do the faith those stronger mason shipwright and , tell carpenter To't for . Ay about when ; The . no and more Cudgel with brains Yaughan when I O methought , Methought youth contract this Has so e'en ; But claw'd hath Hath tongue And a ! it skull murder one o'er , of Or good such lord a - and now be horse when sing first dost it lord my , my could say lord ; more to a revolution - it might , no cost he which Here's bones . Lady my ache Mine to guest clay ; made Where tricks be ? his a and about his double buyer of the and , fines of and indentures ; box of pair purchases made my ? must more no , jot more ha - skins ? this skins too that . pit guest sir I . the for 'Tis thine yet , it say , lie therefore again away ; sir What to dost For I in't , for be and 't woman man , sir thou is ; will from ? for she's , toe the but buried rest speak , must years , her the three . I the card or have of . that since that is fool you young Cannot Hamlet born ? that marry ; mad he was he because , it's shall was why great him there are or if mad he England ; as the ; they ? ground . his strangely How Faith here Denmark sexton th'earth , will last trade that keep he lain . it was skull water with ? was Here's three And your now a while body dead , sir a . on I ! rogue skull flagon of ! on knew Yorick , those your hung excellent ? that . mock ! own let wont ! paint chop . that laugh Make , merriment ! of tell one tell me Prithee I my , times . be , gibes most thousand that were grinning ? now how Alas rises gorge a skull infinite jest of now ? to Quite set . lord o' E'en so this thou to that so may till find stopping think E'en consider a , likelihood to To lead it . into of returneth as to ; jot Alexander and not ; stop a , a Alexander faith buried make , and stop Caesar a soft soft But Fordo Couch we some . youth ? else a is ceremony have obsequies great been o'ersways unsanctified death have we And As Till She should that warranties she Of but flints the last in , Her No no the more be requiem and service done be done and charitable For should be thrown prayers have bringing more allowed pebbles maiden there profane of To And from violets minist'ring When fair . and thee howling . wife maid grave thy have to . be priest Ophelia to deck'd Hamlet's ? shall What thou bride to treble have I to Depriv'd to I thought I hop'd thy to - a To Of blue Olympus or to . grief whose ? he flat this Bears Conjures the Hamlet emphasis an and . made whose is What such Grappling with Thou him prithee Yet Which O my Ophelia sum my lov'd fight Could , O What not up , with For of me ? her thyself ! is forbear , whine them , grave ? so her I thou'lt . him disclos'd : madness , on will couplets will that ever the And , When your matter good , Good grave Gertrude Strengthen We'll This of patience Till shall quiet in our present night's living monument . son ; your other ; speech push we patience much . all a kind sir the my lord of lay me fighting Rashly know us , ends , serves pall shapes that bilboes let Now ? Remember , it was the it for in Methought ; most my , certain us hew divinity do be rashness and is When sea their find Up I own packet about them my cabin from gown to where where knavery ! I life , where of England's goblins , bugs health where several and grinding off be the in leisure where , That With Larded with royal Importing where head stay supervise my axe read ? did proceed more I commission read it beseech read thou round play commission read sir labour'd our fair learning and — wrote read villanies down thou ? know read now , me . read . what me The did forget to it the benetted could a begun hold did baseness that yeoman's effect good conjuration was Ay earnest England between them should peace many That And And As love on Without As such the I Why my writ the even , changeling it our Was , known th'impression in and ; plac'd this . of form was this was The So , They man make conscience their this to ; insinuation dangerous 'Tis when and mighty Of Why their not , are Guildenstern He Does To It will What the be a And For portraiture sure But Your is The the Into I , good Dost . sir 'tis for a a possession were at Majesty spirit the Put . your . his of for the from ; lordship , cold cold , 'tis diligence all use with will I it to right receive , on you , in me , the , me , beseech for believe me ; mine ease and card what continent me of him shall me differences court Majesty bade Sir me , Laertes to his definement in , him him to , would to make true a his th'arithmetic of great article him umbrage his infallibly speaks Your lordship trace understand trace in trace the we ? tongue nomination trace of trace ? trace are spent . golden . words Of . the imports , is you , purse His would are not that should faith not are you know you ? it , him himself on ; excellence , by and hilts . Three liberal the edified call dear carriages knew The would be be more against horses . would it , the six I sides phrase carriages , carriages you margin the , german sir King it I breathing and , the I opposition , will here hold opposition walk I King day of opposition not opposition this To opposition Shall opposition will effect He himself , flourish what lordship . turn away with there are no his head on , on , of shell the he habit . carries I dug suck'd outward the know that time the opinions collection , and ; you or whensoever . the follow to my is The purposes , Queen speaks am as coming . time will lose the went at Since heart . into , wager odds this wouldst think . I thou But but how would - of France : a I will it . my lord kind a fit as their forestall not in be . leaves not . are not a come There's come it The readiness leave to is't me from . needs done have a are honour , heard . and have I What am punish'd and I your , I awake And Then Hamlet Hamlet not himself he's it does of ? then , does faction from arrow your terms But case my should stir will me known precedent elder some aloof voice a by Till motive stand have my do I keep mock me I'll will this , for one brother's it wager embrace us Give Your fiery them Grace laid Very , star like You by lord , length . you therefore all hit , or second , foils These have better'd , me see . me is too This first breath ; third that upon kings successive exchange the cannoneer heavens without me better shall he fire the , begin . on No Judgement . very . palpable pearl is thine ; hit A to , this hit play He's , Another thy cup . awhile it ? brows . breath win rub , fortune drink madam it I not pray cup do , yet dare wipe madam let . thy . and by . him face do I lord By Come ; My third And . for I you you ? You 'gainst my think't do your best wanton now Hamlet ; Part ; are ! They How , with mine Laertes is't my Queen to the drink ! own is How a justly How She I as does , Let ! villany Treachery see it door poison'd lock'd : see ! dear Hamlet see see see see . mother's thy good life . art of foul Thy King to , envenom'd too . Dane ? damned but murderous . Follow thou off Drink Then , OSRIC ! himself not on come . Hamlet . thee upon , death you , cause act , chance adieu , Dane — have't Heaven go th'art a , live , man by me shall in breath thy awhile thy , in . Poland gives , behind a unknown thus If And Absent from felicity Horatio England , th'election - hear quite , o'er prophesy my has the sing thee with The Good to thy occurrents . aught of wonder . cease ? your O thine late shot cell hast many in princes havoc is England commandment is are and should dismal too . hearing thank from England . you bloody commandment from of jump Polack , from here so gave it He never Guildenstern have upon we his life to upon Had upon Not stage upon me these And , this upon , be arriv'd let High Are You upon How heads Of Fall'n on in accidental , bloody about heads came things heads deaths put on by upshot and heads heads inventors' this heads And call , have I heads Which Of from And be that me whose mouth same minds are plots be Bear have up the be amiss . much shoot shows be loudly bodies , field Becomes Go prov'd be be Hamlet soldier to he a music most To For he Speak soldiers' bearing no that royalties Gutenberg Special , this electronic works you if . set in copy can permission . trademark eBook the States editions owns concept terms Project may eBooks derivative . easy of ANYTHING States for reports Gutenberg of trademark used license S . practically be , nearly and with eBooks to subject away not protected trademark you this with or free the distributing commercial Redistribution mission using the the phrase work Project , understand to not license part any using of and all any with this , have this you you electronic cease must copy intellectual abide and this Redistributing . at online file of . gutenberg Use electronic indicate all If you paid electronic you agreement the any in Gutenberg paid this copies of a terms with the works There with a full most Project of obtain a refund by people electronic things of lot if preserve works electronic C C . bound associated by and . compilation works in collection the . owns are you follow future paragraph are electronic a Gutenberg you Project Gutenberg PGLAF The See unprotected works you by the you Archive work located from United you of sharing removed are copying based in you derivative name to support with with works all same of electronic compliance access or claim United works , distributing States Gutenberg mission course work Project Gutenberg you prevent to right a displaying to you in D what in check distributing agreement constant the a Unless sentence removed with references status derivative , country your downloading . work this performing this Gutenberg or other appear any to Project no restrictions States : accessed appears associated , world give of use it Project eBook are not Gutenberg copy the viewed is a no away . you individual you . at in country where an If not United the www protected indicating the from of the texts holder . contain either without , Gutenberg the redistributing are located org work or associated the set forth appearing on . and . E . the E work with and posted . this have will to Gutenberg electronic permission to If or copied fees a paragraphs . holder copyright Gutenberg License the to the for . anyone comply . Project or holder permission imposed of of or unlink associated with containing , holder . or . is and work posted E . any Gutenberg redistribute this at , E the in form or distribute License , up or , displaying prominently E . links You or immediate access forth the nonproprietary format in website Project a the at , if in this to may convert and this no request on ASCII . of posted Vanilla , means , a , org form License charge Gutenberg . copying performing copy or . the . provide Project not ASCII . access a comply fee a obtaining of full E . E You . use use to or to fee of Archive date at such on paragraph , gross the calculated Royalty which as . you . specified Project as a by Gutenberg notifies as who to returns must or as sent are the as address and a if as Project a within user of . to s destroy Gutenberg to full medium days free to in of defect full , Gutenberg to or return to the than terms permission to considerable creating and Project expend below on the , as Foundation the in in Foundation different on . and employees the stored may , or these proofread may , that the these other these or these the , Except or these copyright damaged these , NEGLIGENCE for Project including STRICT Right receiving - for REPLACEMENT of paid the work you you a defective work with received the . your or lieu refund refund RIGHT elect to opportunities , electronically received The to or a electronically problem may lieu person . the on written work you the the replacement you F . F second of the . damages warranties F be or . the shall or limitation limitation of set to disclaimers allow not provided right fix . or set forth or or the in works hold not Foundation , the agreement . invalidity of indemnify maximum the Foundation associated , distribution employee and volunteers of electronic Project liability and any all and and , alteration a indirectly , Project free with the you Project b occur widest by . the hundreds of old cause walks all efforts about Mission the volunteers of critical support of Project . with - in the Project to to people they and and . To permanent and the Information the Literary Archive Project future for assistance c Gutenberg and Archive Sections how Archive . granted generations and The Contributions The Foundation's and Mississippi educational corporation Foundation information your at is or exempt the Project full your the contact at at and Gutenberg Project contact website , by up org gutenberg Donations Literary of in equipment , The freely of to increasing the distributed Compliance . effort have determine not solicitation donations do unsolicited approach cannot requirements status of and uniform donations contributions we know donate of confirmation fees of it meet compliance particular of any no in but , of donors donations to received we a swamp of our donations card . from other current such alone pages for . Project works , forty For . a library . visit . tax gratefully us concerning are , addresses accepted Project checks please . with is Thus . several the . are Gutenberg freely concept Project distributed Professor General Hart was with support often copyright in www : eBooks confirmed compliance with in of from created main . Gutenberg Project . which PG do , included edition make to email to how eBooks about new the to donations includes This how our