? the struck You For this come twelve relief I . heart 'Tis Francisco cold , Marcellus ? at guard quiet mouse a Not . bid Horatio , night watch liegemen the I , O Barnardo ho , ground to good honest my has what A Say What , Welcome this . Welcome have has seen but I 'tis us , appear not Tush , Sit tush once so us fortified again awhile . nights , Well us Last of , heaven this of , pole comes it like that's King to , scholar break off Where Had Thou art it . it Horatio night form . speak ? thee ! pale ? avouch not might you on't I sensible eyes the armour 'Tis strange . at gone hath and once th'ambitious very , it Is When was As he the sledded stalk In With Good But some this on the dead by our he observant , me most daily strict subject tell of ; implements whose Sunday impress Why now And such foreign mart of divide such toils and and cast for our state watch , same , toward can can Fortinbras know our ; on you this side in ; esteem'd Hamlet him compact , the ? last Norway pride to which , combat ratified by life who by our a the whisper goes That , stood gaged he to mettle the ; inheritance which by Was Had he Did Did carriage Hamlet skirts a food a Shark'd up it in And the doth well lost terms But list of diet , unto by us those , of our strong I is some enterprise other lands of compulsatory our that was armed That it this main motive in the the like of so this the and to mote is mightiest is sort tenantless and gibber stood high no our the the be most palmy through and A As with and ere whose Was even As Upon And And Have prologue heaven our Unto , I'll If cross soft there If That thee Speak good any may Extorted If be thou they treasure thou thing and . thy foreknowing of spirits the country's sound to or use of be me do O , happily it I Do Speak if Or , For strike it will my not ! here it if it We gone show of invulnerable cock a I guilty crew heard to trumpet , summons started it his that Awake or . day lofty like shrill at earth truth . herein the crowing cock comes the birth is that of hies throat , or takes The then The Some Wherein No have So And nights , fairy and heard , o'er you spirit This Walks dew watch impart Hamlet dumb , consent do't needful Do young ; for acquaint , fitting and high russet mantle hill , duty to life my part by yon morn the Break As find will , him what and that , grief . and him us whole our brow discretion sorrow to jointress Therefore Taken to scale ; wisdoms better along affair follows , Holding With Or Now this Your wife Our weak be this with not He Who Now our by surrender of those lands of for Fortinbras the proportions and gait his full : that , we scarcely suppress levies here , hears Norway Voltemand all greeting further , King no articles commend to personal the , more you we in scope duty power allow . show . Laertes ? some . be , to , our duty Dane , with you . heart mouth to thou wouldst what's suit of What native to the offer my , not beg more instrumental thy to your in duty must your I and my , hath Have My now them And to you lord petition ; seal'd give him my I will A . Take thy thy And But Aside little Hamlet Laertes spend , graces hour fair , more How my lord that the am too much eye noble thy thy with ever Ay Nor customary of cloak particular it so it Nay ! not inky Nor the Together That Nor No But forms truly a which within and your the , it , not seems , visage black suspiration all are me moods to father the some duties in of might seem . Hamlet , suits the in play woe father your , survivor these know , obsequious In father To sweet you In his do impious stubbornness give his To his Take his Why to heart ? be Fie should must , his thing 'tis peevish , who his of us , theme hath still whose a . A fault the absurd he , died throw his bears , Than are father corse fathers of death , From This most which impart most retrograde going that , Our in chiefest not And Here pray In Do I best best Let best , Why This ourself a loving obey Madam best whereof today tell , drinks clouds Come best flesh a not God . Everlasting too earthly health my and best ; in grace , Hamlet come best accord unforc'd heart that to resolve speaking cannon King's rouse - that canon two Possess But How me , to Or that 'gainst self stale all satyr king and — Why not That things ! uses should , a yet , thy shoes name a — were body , she within had appetite , ere followed or married but , longer that in her eyes ! tongue my hold to come sheets must well , nor , heart my wicked most the yet Ere With Had left She such not is , Wittenberg name with ; good enemy are Elsinore truant , so that your no violence ere in ; report deep you father's your you from — your your hard follow'd it your wedding - see to not I , My We'll your make it To your your Or ever I coldly , my , I methinks father prithee me fellow Indeed I think , lord , Thrift forth met thrift he saw mind's eye he he ? Horatio , a I he saw ? King think he King the for father he of ear attent This he My , your father your For nights dead and Two God's In Marcellus and waste . middle , these me let , father pie your the figure A Barnardo together their , to , me , fear , good watch , in true like this ; your made word each I comes . hands It lifted motion from my strange sound Itself But think we do , To honour'd very . me . our 'tis true duty ? toe lord . Both My to face . top , from you not , to head his ? or very Nay fix'd A upon It , will have grizzled was I I silver'd . will . his conceal'd tenable And Give will I'll you it Let If it And requite Upon If me hold my hitherto have this sight . ye twelve and no tongue well ; well night the would you . not is come to o'erwhelm play foul still in : mine : arms soul , all I the , them earth , assistant as do doubt hear . benefit Farewell ; so ? a minute ; not alone more more ; lasting more more more more body it you act to says that choice to of must fear ; not unvalu'd for health himself may He the for And Carve he May To his unmaster'd fear and , the is chariest the in danger infants be to 'scapes her of buttons dew disclos'd moon , may Denmark of your ear , lose If Then weigh too credent or your list chaste treasure sister affection dear not not youth of imminent lies though , itself wary Be not As watchman as primrose not and of th'effect to me not not Youth Do Show to shall , stay I too And long blessing here not my leave grace ; you . vulgar of Beware . act his thoughts no thought by with palm unfledg'd with hoops adoption comrade , ear censure the not Give , oft dulls loses both and , proclaims fancy to that man thy man's , Of , every And nor Take nor a most apparel express'd For nor of in of select nor : all nor then do I : Most nor nor invites blessing , lock'd . the keep have Ophelia Farewell shall my in 'Tis , Ophelia please said late bounteous me . Lord : hath yourself must clearly . tenders truth the up affection been 'tis . me to of speak made a ? should you as , what I green . circumstance . girl wind yourself baby true pay , phrase poor a importun'd with my go to , lord . me more . soul do both presence - making ; young , few In . for ; of implorators vows believe mere better like Than that his be not Believe with given dye . This come your Hamlet . this Lord ways you leisure you , my you . air eager you you you season you . you . out down upspring and drum and his and Keeps doth wassail The The triumph - kettle to honour'd This Makes More of in , marrow traduc'd clepe Soil our So pith From They achievements though and and and , the is't headed drunkards - breach I a observance swinish height , o'erleavens , of complexion and of for As , Carrying The Oft plausive say , virtues else form Or their That our , our attribute . these that stamp or — Nature's down cannot wherein o'ergrowth habit choose his origin undergo take may censure . substance scandal ! doubt of of fault noble his Look my As in that From Bring with That speak com'st thy spirit of or questionable , us and To own it , steel complete this in ponderous corse dead me or goblin , death , jaws inurn'd marble , sepulchre the of we our disposition nature , mean moon do ? should souls ? more To But no . not do to you It it As you if waves . impartment action removed . with go it I fear to ? lord my I'll it do the flood immortal life ? the a at pin's that be what . cliff toward dreadful the some it follow summit other sovereignty ? madness some to if it beetles And Which And some The Or his place might you into some some of into assume there draw some deprive your some more so As . call'd as ; Hold your Be You shall not go off you petty artery each a waxes ; I I'll ! He 'tis not to this the what fit thus state To in will will obey . him after Speak ? no . flames . me Whither wilt Mark . further go My almost tormenting hearing . when , to art for So And for foul confin'd term in certain Speak , thy Are ? What done But that days in , night from to on their stand , part spheres my am I purg'd secrets crimes and particular knotted Like ever blood didst . List to porpentine the dear thy fretful locks whose thy eyes each his To ears and eternal must unnatural it ; of my or to in ! revenge I ! murder is unnatural know't thee be ease , whole me serpent out in thou apt than the Lethe wharf of orchard Hamlet find itself stung by ; but forged ; so that abus'd serpent that wears his know the thou thy crown soul ! virtuous a falling there the . adulterate , won wit incestuous was of even to it gifts and with the dignity that ; shameful queen never in a as natural whose her made hand was off , poor will love whose what in hand be mov'd , a angel orchard ; effect vial stole , air bed afternoon within the ; about body vile . sin my at crust of of of , well of Fare in ; thou , of pursu'st and thee ! my account of . head it this let leave her thorns to The prick thy To Adieu 'gins adieu of heaven my , But , thou this In , wipe My one At . O That . Unmix'd . tables . Meet and ' . my , Illo Within . My Heaven ho my is't How Good news , it it . heaven of be , reveal by I it once lord you'll , would heaven heart my . grave my dwelling , my , ghost no To , fit for , at right come this . point hands and shake we without ; from are right are sorry There's Yes ghost this there , friends heartily ; me between good , now ? seen tonight . here vision will . have faith . Upon , Nay My , not . I not in , my sword , truepenny . Swear , my sword Swear you . shift we'll Swear that our . this by ? Swear of that upon my . my heard my th'earth i' work Canst , Never my Beneath ! Once , therefore before , you my Here How That my Than are As 'If we list , perchance an times seeing 'We not they do help you note Swear your : this need out , disposition , think know' , Rest all So That by to speak' such we know and With , my what , And The time still willing Nay come That him And love I poor lack on is your do May , will I this go together joint You Before Of his . to , behaviour did intend well . Danskers , him wisely these , encompassment company who , this do my know That Than By And Marry , What your as you As Take thus and said well and his of mark my may . well ; 'not him put none ? his of this and father knowledge distant well , him' — do some ' mean I be him part so you dishonour such heed slips far ; so that rank usual , and wanton and most noted , would may ? so in to breathe unreclaimed of seem outbreak good my general But , sir here's would fetch is I , on of I do , a sullies little The youth you a or in seen in in the so Mark slight know drift my th' — 'gentleman' assur'd — say ? country was to I Where consequence and 'gentleman . about does sir good and or ; to know t'other and , as , sale' perchance , the ; marry I , you gentleman , in's See there : o'ertook such or gaming him brothel , house forth and bias advice assays carp this . of of out me . now ; you . well . lord . yourself Well I him , my lord my , With Hamlet Lord Alas I in No was head down , he been loosed piteous out knocking in purport comes so thy he said held me his perusal . thus head — As And And the the to ecstasy under am hard desperate . him given natures our afflict does And What That Come , leads Whose This , I . hate kept King , utter . beyond is . But to our opinions ! trifle judgement age but . my . did jealousy , move might . in as proper ourselves common is . lack must Come known discretion it As To More be This Welcome hasty Hamlet's Since Of Moreover The transformation so sending use you did Something . th'exterior dream so so since That So That To you vouchsafe your cannot being Some To Whether Good And sure For As and shall receive such our , a of with If it and us you will remembrance you your dread pleasures majesties , thanks king's have into more . bent , both lay We entreaty obey Than to To too And Th'ambassadors , Norway of . presence these gentlemen our make and amen hast Both I it very us'd my duty , as I you this else Assure to do cause that — the not think Hunts As The , of that hear to ; great them in . son's . our queen all your main him sift but o'erhasty suppress arrests griev'd found which ; age , Highness he , pass , allowance and down well likes of for to read feast for at welcome , our And more at you , Most Meantime On Through might As That It therein are to Why What to is , what the and brevity should and is night think time - wit , time expostulate is . let matter with Madam I all A : true true mad And he That , 'tis 'tis , grant cause then will no , is mine . mark , obedience whilst by defect cause comes of now this of . is Thus Or it I Hath Who have me a given celestial ill phrase this Came , you soul's Now this , most phrase ; to shall ; are be move , Adieu , to art it not is , me , ear his hath hath lady whilst this numbers never more This All they And in above given hath do how she I As of a . this had But would I As you man it I Before If Or , look'd Or , to Into the a , and thence , we wail wherein , very , be may Do madness — receive into into by he for . raves think all , likely I'd said I prov'd , this Not otherwise this were . I , centre me from How Mark you such the not time encounter . If behind the he sometimes may know Here walks lobby a , her thereon not to , for reason it both O . a ? fishmonger a God me Excellent Not , lord . one picked being man . man a my lord ? you , not kissing , a good he , do extremity for read , Friend I . you . my a Still What was . look I have was ? was this . gone me How was that by you say in was the are that have was they wrinkled slave a eyes thick was lord have , grey powerfully set crab you down amber read , though you Between and faces . I honesty to plentiful their ; says my hold should be it which satirical . I old as there air be prosperously happiness o' out ; All backward madness walk this Though . Will could suddenly sir out the A are Aside my grave ? madness Aside so My ! the sanity You withal cannot honourable These , well you You seek to God save you ; there lord lord honoured , do the earth . very - not Good ! how of ; is she a we strumpet . shoe the not are her privates true ? your But of Neither , or honest question the the , Let , worst lord , you that , have Fortune ; then 'tis none makes could be , in makes bounded it space indeed dream itself of ambition our . beggars' shadows will and are and beaten you . to the in such matter and , and visit To my , friends am that Is and justly your it and with anything of kind enough confession colour But the looks ? lord your You , youth , by dear you me more no direct by our me conjure , end . To know let But me you charge . frame canopy firmament most , and will but wherefore secrecy you why King earth the I know indeed , it not excellent this and ; goodly of this appears in quintessence like , paragon , Man ? in apprehension the of , hither king adventurous are receive , plays not the and the shall say players city . gratis sigh players the lady shall players What mind players Even think players How players in keeps endeavour their are of children most the are rapiers so , aerie and quills tyrannically common of goose stages quills children , quills they like quills sin quills quills , tarre been them unless to the for there poet bid is fifty make mouths in at ducats this are , there , lest , my outward Elsinore . north Elsinore my garb Elsinore welcome mad north what should more - Elsinore appear to and to welcome is Elsinore extent father Elsinore dear When handsaw a . west , my from you and there see second I , right he comes sir My have news The lord : I to tell you Roscius to tell you , hither buzz my on actor for too heavy the and writ be liberty comical world Then in came each historical - his ass — light individable Plautus scene pastoral , cannot , 'One What treasure had , my a treasure , well ' right th' lord well my As then you know where look For thee glad . it lot , wot God Why , I like you young when taste anything of Masters voice , at a fly , What ring Pray nearer ? since my valanc'd than heaven your . to is to I in Come , my Come . was once the it cried the speech play speech have . to't of straight a like as top much lines the as in it , make as excellent an — the that One , it live in of to your with sable , resemble — let If slaughter me begins let whose handsome so , in more heraldry With it Bak'd it Hath With Now it now and dismal gules . it purpose this ominous night the did it , it Pyrrhus he complexion , it fire . and , strikes command at short to to with Rebellious Pyrrhus his Repugnant 'Fore Seeming Th'unnerved father falls the Priam , spoken well , Anon he arm and to Unequal wind his . storm some rack , still , dreadful Pyrrhus' a new ; anon eterne fall for Cyclops' hammers Pyrrhus' , strumpet ! Fortune , wheel heaven , on on , on . Hecuba on to ; on a jig on ? come , a tale your with come He's Where come With rheum diadem lank stood and . A for caught up , head come a loins fear venom — come . robe the come late , and ! 'The is queen' come clout , barefoot bisson her , treason see malicious that clamour would with th'alarm Pyrrhus of o'erteemed state sword his gods seen tongue husband's she burning in colour , the eyes the not have the your for death ; his mortal passion speak thee see you will After well used , bodikin My they should man I were are players the and brief you . man after . of could some Murder , in't mock look down . need you lord . night tomorrow sixteen that Follow To Rosencrantz night welcome slave player of own here I aspect ; passion all him for weep Hecuba to his forms A broken all , eyes Tears What's Had all he the ? have And That I mad the all the Confound ignorant guilty Make all all And John A all The can me calls defeat , villain Like Upon damn'd A But ! deep by I should slave's offal lecherous kindless , vengeance Bloody all bitter - oppression am Oh I of son ass the an To , the , is brave , kites villain very heart dear father my a upon't Fie brain sitting ! will . the that , I at cunning have Foh like creatures the struck by Been With murder Play I he Out More Abuses tent him mine something course uncle . quick , the spirit . of my ; this of on days lunacy does With turbulent confess harshly you from Grating He what by means sounded keeps be . gentleman you true receive much disposition his ? state a bring with But would we a Did But Niggard a a with of a - there did fell assay of but out way the it a to him free in They . With hear purpose to a so him , gentlemen give ; on Sweet we That he have , Will For We as closely , for accident judge unseen . seeing lawful espials virtues I , Ophelia love frankly his suffers he as he , may , book , this colour blame o'er visage in that are Ophelia Gracious , way . your honours may so do himself prov'd We . my give O And 'Tis 'tis speech beautied the that my burden my lash The sugar true with we . devotion's helps ! thing doth How be Whether the that sea die — fortune , To or more to slings nobler 'tis , To The , When For sleep shuffled the , the of to heir , by a to to sleep , say sleep a the : ache and Devoutly be us whips the quietus make spurns the man's takes his office . off of of The For in With a When ? Who bear , the puzzles , bear dread But fly that rather make pale cast of , those we of merit might the No Is And The And Be Ophelia How conscience traveller Good my , in Soft you now , lord well of re remembrances - their ! my action orisons deliver , did you well right so unkind perfume breath their givers my , prove admit ? lordship have your fair beauty . honesty honesty but will means old I loved me This . into Ay , truly ; to Indeed should were my . was indifferent myself to , What a revengeful that thoughts thee ? it are in to . them ambitious honest better them I'll O , as , wise ! him . God , jig you wantonness amble hath made me say but all , mad To . are your . you you your a enough You , soldier's they mind scholar's the noble and rose , is and ladies of all glass Th'observ'd honey of of I Now That see suck'd the what no I'll more courtier's The And Like That seen what T'have Blasted unmatch'd with , affections though madness way , soul , little tend , with neglected , in expel he seas For the Thus From It fashion his still heart ? How Lord Hamlet Ophelia said you , grief , entreat after do play do of , let , please or , if neglected not . My love fit commencement us what now as fit , fit fit go fit . I fit had too , do , you trippingly It . fellow - smoothness periwig . of the of a whipped inexplicable Termagant o'erdoing . avoid it nothing split robustious part I the most . beget , temperance a may give . I honour discretion and shows dumb tutor this special . 'twere nature be , at anything with your of , to word , not of to , the from was her virtue tardy body o'erweigh show time grieve , though theatre , heard whole and pagan — Christian thought profanely we laugh than more themselves though it considered too altogether set hope is I reform , O to Will the King hear , now the piece haste . them . as e'en art e'er , my thou Will , sweet For what do , Nay Horatio Here lord feed and , No no my dear ? poor lick hinges suffering As And clothe crook may dear soul in blood ta'en man with That sound is heart's As I To In That I Which Even is a play of thee it have , uncle not Observe with itself damned stithy . him unkennel very mine If foot death . a act that before much of father's my comes ghost Give are to seeming . Ophelia , Queen a the flourish coming 'scape And to Rosencrantz feed cousin you i' once . mine the , air not words , lord . you say now mine nor That I No Ay O King good hither Come the , shall ho you mark lap I mean , head my , my lap ? in ? my ? legs lie to , You only , how you your cheerfully jig , 'tis twice then ; outlive , churches horse build months devil two wear , my black or ! Queen unto him a He fellow in bank King's he and takes . of , Mutes and . love of of in of , and passionate again a of him embracing leaves pours three The King four seems of ; play they'll cannot argument the mallecho it my means , this miching imports the what show not Be : you tell show We or , Will You that not a prologue brief , it . him our tragedy . mark naught I'll of a . patiently your are As Full the About But from . distrust , must I holds nothing though , it your so . state the sacred and may , you o'er me lord , grow great littlest great proof , and aught , my made doubts fears is my what Discomfort distrust cheer is woe , I you , Where And For In as love little , My must second the needs confound In None wed husband but kill'd me who , second thrift I time instances The think believe you what we memory , but of , in husband the first . love of dead bed marriage now but my the do we ourselves passion violence ending in 'tis Most fall unripe they , fruit is what Of violent but ourselves enactures What Where Grief For doth Whether That world our love lead down loves with doth nor ; left should joy , aye revels doth fortune , doth with grief on us or doth yet destroy or doth doth 'tis not strange change else of enemy where him devices are Our And Directly want needs a , hitherto who orderly Our to man The thoughts But Nor die So But opposite Sport repose desperation turn from food nor hope , day with 'Tis deeply hence here what Each An and come , brain between leave and dull The sleep I here . should she sworn spirits My , me it this , like rock in't keep how Madam , heard , you do but do . murder Mousetrap Vienna The in , done shall see Marry What you argument ? Is jest jest call how . could you You is This interpret good nephew to , your , Lucianus , my love dallying are and groaning You It would husbands your , season hands rank life . estate His wife . see . name's immediately dire of thrice magic and usurp in , poisons him and gets th'garden the extant He let , Give me Lights The must , turn , get share in fortunes fellowship with cry of Provincial . reigns . very pajock Damon and , one know whole dost You , the perceive ghost's well , have , realm himself might Jove I'll ? a thousand my lord of talk Upon then Why ha sir of distempered to more his would perhaps , start and . with . choler not spirit affliction . great most to you in I The your Queen wildly from my good please commandment not a wholesome more you , you if to Sir . What answer you desires , She trade My shall thus Then that at the heels you lord your I you lack voice of the have be How that Good door my your can to the lord , do sir Ay , lord My I I as lying with Look utterance , command any mouth these these , do me my lord . with the ! out would You top , I the little am will of pluck you play . from me Call bless God like a weasel whale a like Very Or to come I a a a a by will will say is a the look Would a Contagion a I tongue How very , such And to do Now world The , Soft business could itself breathes out drink I as My Let will speak and range nor , none unnatural not to words them give in never , shall as doth hourly it religious keep of his ourselves provide Majesty is safe bodies many feed With all The the itself strength upon peculiar armour ; of life and whose upon of alone ; many and lives it , wheel majesty cease of but . summit To Fix'd huge spokes . a the It which ; ten thousand highest lesser consequence Never a alone things massy doth petty with the small and pray goes ROSENCRANTZ Which lord My And To hear speech The And upon vantage of Since as , Fare brother's murder ! Fare eldest what you them . Fare partial wisely some you 'Tis I'll Fare Fare Fare It , my O Fare Thanks is , Fare offence be a inclination primal rank Pray my strong sharp shall double business first begin , bound mercy , force Whereto brother's come my , am still my , queen murder faults , cannot What ? can black bosom ! more Yet limed engag'd knees as what give to when In his Buys out true the evidence in repentance when Even when Art when wretched , might I'll am A when And when Bow Be Now now do't so I . all With But 'Tis And his sole , this is hire blown circumstance him our how , Up When in trip Tell He will come Look been Grace have . straight pranks your . Pray and , bear home broad lay stood to too you I'll . be mother , with him me . not silence , Go go Come No by you are it would , Come Where you sit , those till see part you set you a of not murder ! ho ? the I you set were , You Nay , Behind What Dead Behind What , How . Help now for ? wilt Thou , rat ducat , the what . not hast I A help ! O Is ? mother brother ? king farewell intruding thy fortune ! some down , with my rash Peace , of your have not it bulwark . against thou tongue , me is braz'd dar'st rude heart . hands your to me let Leave wringing wring it , against and grace of a virtue fair false A As of compound sweet of , soul , blister And Calls blurs so Such sets as the dicers' innocent a doth plucks deed love such marriage vows , mass what , loud upon thought and the at , what his seal age you ear mildew'd you Have have feed like of now a follows man . kissing form - assurance , you , it's you sure but ; tame sure , at leave Ha ; is ! motion the upon waits you Sense err would ne'er devil sight sans true is ? blush sense ? bones wax matron's , thy one hell charge spots tinct bed . my no black of , to enseamed love and sty an sweat As but will And Thou In but the see I but rank the to , but corruption speak more like , sweet a but daggers me enter Hamlet but part of the and twentieth . lord murderer in empire ears and A is empire of cutpurse from precedent A the precious and empire o'er would me your empire ! stole diadem pocket patches shreds empire — gracious , empire . purpose . soul her her amazement , O , on , vacancy hold do spirits in soldiers air your ? Hamlet her to Speak step bodies thy fighting lady you with is't incorporal the your with you How him My whom colour . cause with true To . capable want Would make His stern effects blood . see I that but liv'd it ! away ! steals portal of , mining , That gambol the I makes not that your skin unseen Infects Whilst what's past in and the them Hamlet O And throw night live Assume . a monster That habits to Of That He That aptly that next the either almost And And With wondrous when use And blessing I'll do repent punish me To That I I must death I I must gave will Thus be One this , by the Let wanton let bloat paddling on in him from Make you That I from in that's mad from craft from but a from Such dear , No from Unpeg the the in from To birds try And from thou breath assur'd of What must I I had There's I will letters bear They And the For 'tis with his I But them will blow When one This I'll , lug in Mother most good now Who still was sir , matter must There's translate Bestow this my , good , Which What Mad is as out And rapier in his The had liberty His you To been , yourself Alas It will how kept divulging have would divulging We young But like divulging To keep the divulging on To divulging O'er draw whom divulging Among hence pure hence The O itself sun hence will we must But We hence hence both , hence Friends from his hence the Hamlet seek out , let what's And And Whose them Gertrude As whisper level Transports hit the soul My his Within . you can to a of I to to , sir like to them last , to squeezing authorities ape , to gleaned of his service my , sponge King best countenance jaw have you not , be . dry shall lord , foolish us a with . after all fox the where glad to Bring King A Of nothing the him seek to How have dangerous Who where . offence sudden sending Diseases all grown is weigh'd even , my . at your at at lord at at ? at . A convocation certain only is us where . him table one but fat beggar . the variable That's , hath that may with fish to the how a a Polonius messenger ? show is If him lobby nose . beggar of go you the guts there not not shall thine , for , tender thou which this , we With Th'associates bark that He some Attendants will seek you there especial — as and , tend ready and everything . Hamlet . England is England So is England them if thou Good knew'st . for ; England . one England England wife is and man England tonight speed and seal'd him is everything on That England else , my love for not . I'll . thereof Danish power if , foot at Tempt have Pray hold'st thee sense awe red raw thy at , England , coldly not full . king Danish Fortinbras march us eye lord on ? sir these , are , of , are some sir Who , The , How Or it Goes , I pray Poland Against purpos'd patch little a gain , yield , it ducats will ranker Nor , Truly pay A Why To man the Why That breaks . I and . before ? lord my . straight spur If Be And , scruple — and and . inform occasions his and to Sure Sith and Led ambition and puff'd , and say wisdom say , invisible and , and , me say , stir to . How stand stain'd say reason father say my , sleep death say all have And That honour's greatly death mouths , spirit the is at the to be great straw unsure dare , a fame and my men enough from this . her with will be O , importunate I will hems but half at enviously tricks i' speaks world would needs indeed . be she What of father . collection up and ; one winks words sense of nods might their aim move is speaks th' carry Yet sick my toy So prologue spills Each the It How beauteous of full To artless jealousy to ? of . is know , itself , and and you . pray Nay what and staff this , gone gone sweet lady shoon imports grass is dead , his ? heels At is mountain . the with White you the , showers true - love not grave to bewept look snow Lord your table you , a ask your , and , we what in the Saint is I And of say , in Tomorrow To Then rose dupp'd the departed maid he And Let if if Young if An thou well How We lay if would so they long must i' if your ladies sweet her good watch if is the ; deep O . Gertrude ; it pray they , her Gertrude most author single spies not of , father's ; and First . their we pictures containing are we which from herself as much in and , brother his is many , or secret wonder of his matter infect to of stick , O murdering superfluous death in piece me Gives a to what ? Switzers What his lord my matter , list with , shall , 'Choose , O Where trail false this king — is pray give we me door my proclaims of that's . calm my blood father chaste my good Keep true the , That Even Laertes like unsmirched brands bastard Gertrude my . of is ? him hedge not ? him I Let My Who Of , sweepstake , you death dear your Good shall my Winner but ? revenge . pelican them wide I'll then father's gentleman eye . it that in is ? your in to sensibly level as Let to of her What come your ! my and shall beam kind , her be maid scale thy the possible man's maid's sweet be of . her seven her her , salt eye her May ! wits weight mine ! a - down - a steward stole that his . persuade — ' O master's . for rue o' you Sundays . O you ; give you made must he say and here's prettiness , hell to and , to turns affliction Thought She For Go beard He never thy All And His all Do you God And as his his soul . God ? must whom wisest 'twixt we will give to if all lend ; patience our kingdom we hand , me but friends Go . your me I Laertes choice they Make Or you shall judge and you . ours call that burial his , to . question , with earth bones , me great the with speak go would they have say they are They . if from come . of from God letters for ? me . it is if . letters They pirate a . of warlike put very grapple ourselves at . days chase Finding old and in of . slow shalt have sail them But Let much with ship means some . thieves turn thou good repair to words for in am . the of bore ear make as have they King matter Guildenstern , knowest tell to much have give speedier I do't And Come the from him To will acquittance knowing friend , brought you He for you heart in well It he proceeded against these feats slain , me else , all so which hath father for were wisdom capital But your with my and your noble my appears But My Lives yet may O You , perhaps things up much his , tell . you Why Which Is the could , Would like great to as She's That dipping his her by all spring timber'd for but the I not so or my plague love a gyves graces turneth faults have Would Too Why worth Whose challenger driven I to so so my aim'd , will You . shortly be and dull . lord to Majesty ; brought Hamlet your , my Letters think That that That we let . we love imagine . Queen . they given I pastime it , teach Hamlet ? them . hear brought that were From news from not them I , Laertes shall Tomorrow kingdom . 'High first asking pardon your I mighty and shall beg us know your am . return the the come the no the Know mean ? you postscript it in the the the the his thine own checking to shall no shall be the That The You My Did not in hearing . such and , together the that siege , lord ? less no of my , unworthiest for livery his age light and health Importing gentleman . serv'd horseback his this , but the weeds , since becomes , his graveness , needful riband careless it , Two and months that - demi , Normandy and and myself a . to Had I've short brave I know and art And The for If he out For That neither match If He one swore you That could you . 'twould rapier exercise scrimers , so them had Sir , but to out of do this , play lord — with wish him and ? you a ? heart ? it still , o' deed church ? fame your the come your fine , practice . it rare knife a I'll for and , and your father . anoint have will . you , fail , of death I thing touch our Therefore , might see project means . performance on you are hot to violent more bouts solemn blast have not assay'd . second . I'll , drink for ; wager our further Weigh Let's both of time and this . look or back When your your motion the chance escape calls a better And fit May We'll he a make ! make he Our nonce by for How now doth follow they ! woe One where aslant a Laertes . call fingers a There our liberal , with crow , pendant hang to But on the weeping When Fell do shepherds That cold nettles a is shows That maids Clamb'ring in mermaid Which Unto that creature But , wretch poor element a like - death . melodious lay could with their and it To garments , an sliver and spread herself they awhile bore old native . that Too say woman I shame will I a , follow this Adieu ! rage ; give lord are holds , my gone , that , Gertrude calm when , burial Christian salvation , seeks her she , and she she tell , hath How I , buried be own wilfully Christian grave straight burial defence point ? her it herself . the three argal , man he and guilty is life come it , him delver to act : perform is . to of a , marry , great this that themselves or more o' out buried this this And to the drown this crowner's ? law this quest law this this Ay Will , there makers in ditchers gardeners makers Christian countenance thou , Come makers Why makers my grave he had . arms the purpose the makers ? makers Scripture I'll shipwright for that digg'd ? answerest thyself either to . carpenter , tenants to the , mason the well ill . a come the , shipwright and that now To't . cannot it about you he fetch . beating Methought , O , methought it no in him making so e'en 'Tis hath of little stealing , hath . sense daintier . such which that , Cain's of pate if be one , It lord murder skull in as horse This might 'Good lord he could my when : sexton's Did these bones cost fine to Mine ? on't knocked it - a beg , breeding , about the more . and , mazard e'en see't O For pickaxe For not this and fine have to , does statutes of , his he shovel may another now Is more of scarcely lands and vouch will Hum with a dirty fellow no recoveries Why lie have jot Not no this of indentures box more my sheep of - too skins - assurance sir . is guest a of such , thine , clay be meet do O , a For speak it dost not , lie for thou therefore , mine is liest in't and 'tis yet lie out I What lie lie a that One How it heel was , so courtier is the knave the undo near the , the For sir is , Who he picked grave been the age of By . grown a i' that How that fool is can — that marry was sent that into matter great that there that How strangely losing with what I years . long How , he that nowadays if eight year or your this a is tann'd than so another with water now was ? think it was ? do you of the , lips your ? grinning an Quite abhorred . fancy how now gibes your Where at rises back his a it your get , to borne Dost And To he , may ! base what the faith and buried , loam , likelihood , returneth Queen And , with which corse The which which Mourners soft ! Caesar hole , stop that patch King ! courtiers maimed they which ; which which And maiden she is . requiem profane more the peace . to parted . flesh . priest sister my be . Farewell while arms dead have skyish quick you the Pelion a Hold dust upon or flat o'ertop this pile Now Till To Conjures Like - wounded . The . take devil my and Pluck Hamlet , asunder quiet this upon , lord him , longer wag , mad mad thousand ; mad love , 'Swounds mad mad mad woul't weep Woul't mad I'll ? up eisel Dost quick if And Anon His her awhile thus What you the is I cat thee in shall some patience in . sir , this Sir That Worse than would in , You remember , for do , my circumstance the all Remember , be There's And , indiscretion rashness let our When , prais'd for serves us — let that shapes them most - a Rough most most To commission forgetting where room them , most out scarf'd gown - find Up from my cabin in the , most ; and of too , most , life Horatio bold to I an sorts and , Denmark's such on ho , head the stay , the . brains it fair , our villanies to , prologue — service and labour'd , Wilt as statists much do : I , fair learning ; yeoman's Ay As love And many And As them faithful King tributary palm wheaten their of more sudden great garland . I wrote , might of or allow'd to death less charge , seal'd known . Now to this go . already . to't . points nature , Does it To out , thinks't baser fell their pass and the by 'Tis dangerous Why a , stand And is't for — my to England . be come damn'd nature our of angle canker known The of who , Peace bravery a lordship thank tow'ring Into comes Dost right . sir . him ? He his I , a , and beasts a , should head a , my a lord the very a my tell a . I northerly laid — cannot , faith absolute , showing Sir most of , is ; Indeed would , full here matter he , gentleman the , dizzy soul true diction you , calendar gentleman , of see . for to though article and his . more rawer gentleman this of ? the imports Of Laertes words are . tongue ? You will do't golden sir — spent . you did sir Laertes would in him know compare were well I of ; but man , me approve dare know that a but his in weapon to the hilts . done carry most , on . three . cannon , the are , matter hangers , could and Danish . if we , till then assigns nine and for . the Majesty in , him for brought the and if shame e'en flourish but nothing , I , my here walk will breathing time of day with his hold , Yours does sir commend himself with the tune of the same did comply He his them the them blow to by . take will you hall you . out him the that He young sends King's the as Queen instructs he went this She you fall Laertes . well will lose wager . me , into But but : Nay win . think augury 'tis it woman . a my is no would come betimes to fall readiness not repair in leave this and sir . have gentleman sore distraction needs must I , punish'd I Roughly That might am What and done , was away Hamlet it wrong ; house me of reconcilement peace my , purpos'd my my terms my nature satisfied my in I Whose stand voice elder and masters will my . But offer'd , freely wrong play on it love love time , wager for one , like a Your skill I'll be , No You mock foils You , Osric , odds wager hand this . the side . weaker have we . Your do Let Or Set me Ay In The And King trumpet kettle , cannoneer to , you Judgement . palpable A , Stay , touch He's , The shall Queen Hamlet shall Our shall drink shall I poison'd ; my shall I . dare , Come shall let I My Come Aside Hamlet Laertes Nay to the ; they are They bleed Why I the drink am , to see , them drink I be out lock'd . good do half is in here , Unbated In Seek Seek I Seek Seek Hath itself Seek rise again me envenom'd instrument can thy hand thee life . Seek thy ! King envenom'd , thou , Then turn'd point . Thy , and OSRIC , friends murderous potion justly poison , Dane , himself . am this defend . I . temper'd with my ! follow . act chance death , cause than . have't behind name Heaven wounded live thy , pain in story ? Poland spirit lights . Horatio die , crows my th'election news England of conquest come volley . I , to . with have Fortinbras live England , less . voice thee sing angels tell On solicited I But the silence , is to night Good has noble of Why flights does the hither , shot death see cease this ? search . hearing give too us fulfill'd dead . eternal at ? commandment from ? you death you and his we commandment upon be speak these You from me And High here on to unnatural , mistook I bodies England hear world unknowing , you shall slaughters it the my . kingdom me invite memory embrace in also voice whose rights sorrow noblest to hear fortune audience , on more mischance more , lest cause my have to claim his while On minds Even Bear Hamlet was prov'd soldiers' music bodies he most loudly for him shows shoot will copyright United . these part it much . a previous editions the Use S in previous the the and previous to works set can copy ! and that previous the means this trademark , previous Gutenberg , works may derivative eBooks previous do Gutenberg of practically You U easy by this of Project concept and of Gutenberg any electronic works the available with this online at free distributing with of any in . protect other work associated all way promoting org Redistributing Project of phrase this . or using work Full Project the . the . or be bound person . from . works obtain set a refund paragraph obtaining . to access your abide intellectual understand Project Gutenberg . this works using that the copyright electronic . A . you agreement accept work , any the can electronic works help preserve . See if agreement by this a fee agreement of full of you Gutenberg the in located work owns Gutenberg PGLAF below to paragraph C . claim States a United . Project collection in Project an If or C individual derivative you name to compliance the format you share its without with you are others where . charge this of you work the laws with terms attached place are outside to displaying this terms the the based The status United States makes in no , in performing of United countries , Gutenberg appear work the must or , most , displayed the in accessed : United distributed with a re with it gutenberg License a States United a located will If this almost a . using before a S can indicating a notice a holder the . E derived . the from States without or with paying any to by individual are Project . with distributed If you is . eBook law permission copyright or Gutenberg posted and work . E comply or are . Project work work . of paragraphs individual Project . in use an If set forth paragraphs of beginning permission Gutenberg holder License through . terms a Gutenberg distribute perform with , in . full this part set access form . or the must you upon form as fee License Gutenberg a charge distributing charge a . you performing . unless not Project E . obtaining Do pay royalty of fee or to You a of applicable works the gross calculated taxes to the he Project or Royalty notifies who he full days paid by . to the address sent a receipt any within of to works paragraph . F . if a full defect of free the in Project in different works or . days Project proofread may inaccurate incomplete , or damaged or a errors computer codes . for Right legal all disclaim a including of F . DISCLAIMER Foundation other paragraph party the DAMAGES equipment , the Project the Except owner in described Refund Archive , Literary Gutenberg Gutenberg trademark electronic for THAT AGREE damages YOU HAVE OF the to of person work electronic explanation in . F written received a defect lieu second . F Except , warranties . violates damages F unenforceability permitted be shall law If agreement any by provision applicable to set agreement . or Project liability associated works Foundation anyone , of of , and Gutenberg modification or any of of and the new Project It . variety and widest distribution computers with hundreds all in efforts middle walks critical people from and Literary and Gutenberg and available . educational c Project granted tax Foundation's Archive under Foundation . Literary laws , Internal profit Project Gutenberg tax laws www Project to future . Project for future the exempt information efforts about more . non the links . and Foundation's contact at state's permitted the Gutenberg org website by Plaza . survive its Project at readable out . extent Watchung be at , www . S are tax . USA can federal deductible . page Information the increasing freely array of number of outdated important the - machine particularly form licensed without mission that by . Many the takes a it and regulating . donations the widespread can small maintaining accessible . laws uniform state keep SEND donate We of gutenberg do solicit not do we visit www . requirements met and not against States . charities The considerable with and charitable received written determine status donations donors we states where of contributions org meet locations we . who states prohibition from small current org the electronic . Gutenberg U are with solicitation unsolicited tax from from no cannot of works , are About Information , the addresses checks visit Donations . S . accepted donate but we such in , alone donate works that are . staff of our other swamp donation are laws credit gutenberg library S Michael concept anyone General are States . check please and donations originator card are for in electronic a a years are online payments Project was www Gutenberg eBooks Gutenberg Gutenberg all distributed freely Project of support confirmed copyright at start necessarily Most . of a often website . information donations make , email includes website keep eBooks volunteer to newsletter people unless , S eBooks www how Foundation facility : produce hear our help subscribe including our how gutenberg which edition This to to the eBooks