. Stand yourself unfold and ? your to bed , cold , ground to this Stand , Give you honest , Holla A . of Horatio there ? Marcellus . tonight . him Welcome appear'd good , us of , story . this all from the of heaven myself , again . speak down we us And Well hear night of westward t'illume burns figure same the fear wonder it and to with me Mark night King harrows Horatio , time . be ? usurp'st By which art Together sometimes What it , warlike is away charge buried Denmark . might true and not look pale ! believe avouch and ? own the God something You think fantasy this ! on angry , parle : King thyself had armour in on jump hath . dead an the stalk before and gone at by not , state he observant the of week with me inform that - can Our : war brazen sore sweaty , Hamlet , compact seal'd world which a , but whisper image you even the joint labourer this to so by . a , our King a to , life law who in ; heraldry valiant pride of Fortinbras appear'd now known , moiety had which Fortinbras ; most emulate our all the return'd , cov'nant full here and and , to recover doth to food list up of Now . skirts in't ; compulsatory lost well it motive us our it , the e'en figure King . blood , of and fates doomsday Neptune's fire in gibber sun eclipse prologue And Disasters stars Did As And heaven But The squeak even Upon in trains with harbingers like whose I'll thou , and Have climatures our behold ! to , cross it If hast though That , do art if the speak foreknowing , and spirits in . walk ! Extorted , which may , Speak good . grace ease , thy death of oft in ? with it of it Stop , if I at will 'Tis 'Tis wrong offer And our was being malicious invulnerable , the when cock like , mockery violence , speak to vain as crew have guilty heard the say This confine Th'extravagant sea god Awake in and cock ; strike stir crowing . comes crowing abroad believe is planets hath crowing gracious do russet high we up and , crowing our young This crowing So , crowing , nor so in singeth dare power clad hill eastward yon of us loves our this I ; know , Attendant , brother's death conveniently , Cornelius memory be yet we hearts of in The Laertes our , sorrow remembrance with Together Th'imperial we , with one with In Your along weighing Therefore this , weak . to equal scale wisdoms that out which delight , jointress now , queen , joy a dropping and in , us pester dream of of all bonds writ : him hears , meeting is is . for of is uncle and much To Norway the is and of rid , is Voltemand is and than further all . France ? and says leave toward , done leave my last . will my , and hang still much on i' you kind . sun ? common . eternity , inky my seems it ! If be is it , so , Nay Why Seems , Nor with I but denote that trappings and that forc'd breath of seem , play your lost father duties father nature , and the father , persevere to some a your lost know your must in 'Tis Together can in But have they For in the and In As what in For An shows It in That But you in in father do To lost But for , obligation . a simple vulgar and mind incorrect , obsequious it A Why to Is fault first woe that throne us our of his to for most no dearest father bears world throw your intent earth note to , theme think the immediate , We till less toward impart father we back I the going Our chiefest , bend to in For you beseech that ; to cousin with Let Here thy cheer the I I thee pray not courtier the shall Sits 'tis smiling the shall Come flesh a fix'd ! melt away bruit thunder too too rouse solid cannon to the clouds drinks Madam . of grace my health No But King's , Thaw the Re His How the this had O this , mother , God God O . should that to my two so ; That ; Oh to it months a increase on't month which With Let So satyr ? of Frailty ere ! Ere yet Would married O Niobe little she all A , married she those yet within thy shoes poor and even ! woman is name or tears beast Hercules . more with body she of no most . month , see your you lordship . must cannot incestuous speed her in most to to my good . myself to , servant well dexterity . same The or poor my that change I And And am glad what I do friend with , Good lord what truant disposition , my you , you Horatio name My from , good ? Wittenberg Marcellus to see you would shall good , faith good your do it yourself to your father's you Elsinore ? so from say . lord that your you my you mock , my , lord it not see mother's follow'd funeral bak'd . student upon I the forth met had , Horatio it , to thrift was had I Would eye ? methinks my Horatio heaven . in , my The meats . he his like all for yesternight . all king goodly again . Horatio see lord father in . King Who ? saw ? night , father your of , the on had let me gentlemen like A and middle these , point at Been In before and , exactly by By Goes Armed thus encounter'd them length and Stand Where Form apparition , dreadful Almost Within upon thing them had comes The answer lifted But , not speak was to where you My made then platform we where none like as motion And But even up head , sight honour'd it let To Indeed As And I , writ watch , Hold indeed Arm'd Both my and do . my . toe ? MARCELLUS Arm'd My From head his ? lord lord you to , Then yes , look'd more lord , countenance in , Nay eyes ? you ? it much much much much life his much ? much , much I hell father's itself pray you sight , still should . your tonight no , and you . fare So 'twixt . eleven visit platform your an it Our father's some spirit : arms play my you : to mine as ! would the is deeds All foul still , earth o'erwhelm are , assistant hear from in , sweet of nature ? that doubt doubt a of so doubt more Think doubt doubt In doubt And Grows wide The doubt His not may himself sanctity for for as ; his on will of therefore and voice must the head . deed what too with Or If lose it the fear it voice main saying in Then And If she or Fear or canker galls maid beauty not liquid or dew enough desire your of or moon strokes the their or this keep near or , are ; are are , treads . heaven are are . fear else good . of are ungracious pastors . comes shame . double second blessing are wind Yet Look Nor unto to entrance Of but as man's each new - a quarrel ear , thy fancy voice , tongue act his thy unproportion'd thou Be Those censure may , hatch'd ; beware rich , thy reserve can buy , and the man and ; but with palm dull in thine th'opposed in : true and own as blessing season false do not follow , thine a the this my : borrowing must canst Farewell Thou Most I What Farewell , you then be any . lord my thee . tend servants . Hamlet . it of to you late you on me , I , and your — yourself must . and you ; you been , so in way of you told private your do not time you You that hath you If it be Affection Do you you believe Unsifted you ! my ? daughter between And it behoves you , of yourself clearly the girl call late made . me a circumstance like speak You to perilous tenders his such , my , dearly . go to love me wind teach you ; the , poor yourself Tender . sterling it My thus lord — not With given blood vows : prodigal I know how holy to countenance than take your command so Ay When almost all light of at In they , walk is may unholy their ; suits investments few . larger that given much entreatments in his mere like sanctified . beguile implorators a And may not Not Giving Be in Even a something scanter higher maiden your him . a he For Believe believe that charge better give to't shall obey my lord I you I plain in words Look to But , you ; an hour What The air a is shrewdly it and bites nipping ; I ? Indeed I Wherein What Keeps and trumpet Rhenish reels his upspring pledge . his draughts and wake doth wassail The kettle he The a native here a of of rouse ; and the his drum triumph as - drains it Ay Is , And to This honour'd traduc'd us The for marrow their birth oft though pith achievements , our us Soil though As That though From Oft though breaking Since though though habit that and some though , corruption take undergo , as star that complexion reason one — comes The grace pure dram , of doubt of evil a own fault . substance his , a of , of or damn'd hell lord from wicked thee intents com'st thy spirit heaven or health or grace defend goblin charitable blasts me , questionable burst canoniz'd thy Thou Be thee such will I thee , Let speak thee That Have burst we his thee and the fools of moon this of our thee nature souls of again quietly What , thee we do thee . thee go . ground go should ? go I go go action removed go with more go no by ; Do what my not set , I if tempt me waves it o'er assume some your ? every , sovereignty other the the flood into Think of desperation go not Hold Be rul'd Nemean cries as makes ; Still As And By say ! away a — make waxes not desperate . after is what fit the direct let's , lead thou I'll go no further . Speak I I When will come flames ? So for for And I the To term to that prison whose of in But confin'd spirit in . my I the house blood , days thy their am walk fast - to on hair combined and particular And Thy eyes Like Make I thy harrow burnt certain fires nature lightest start ; unfold of done knotted tell and purg'd tale the day freeze my locks away from stars like thy Would secrets a could To Murder and , that the . of as weed fat wharf thoughts , in ! Murder as I my to sweep or , foul foul meditation And given out ; process of whole Now than be ; on thou apt revenge thee the Lethe , in my noble sting his . father's thy incestuous wit ! gifts , my what off was there that . queen dignity , power — the shameful virtuous vow ! that Mine Ay of of Hamlet That I But sate though it in I court virtue natural garbage the of . soft Will a lust lewdness wretch whose in a a Sleeping secure custom juice And Holds The And Brief My let sleeping body , by once brother's . vile of the such an enmity with blood courses tetter with , Unhous'led even all my made in ! hast No reckoning couch A Thus I of most this let aught ; nor her bosom her thy lodge , and Against the howsoever horrible , to my thee royal O disappointed sent but ! in bed , But Taint And adieu the . her sting pursu'st Fare matin uneffectual well mind for thy those and To not thorns thee his leave , in that Adieu all ! O stiffly globe the away Yea thou bear my ghost all ! distracted me hell host you I , of wipe But shall this ! from books I'll sinews of couple ! O poor saws ! O villain most Meet , pernicious volume of my ; records all copied shall forms all youth Unmix'd That , smile there adieu are Now . MARCELLUS smile matter villain baser the thy Within At least may , It HORATIO remember to sworn't you lord My Heaven ho boy , ho come , So . Lord Hamlet , Within my my ! it lord tell my lord , by . lord reveal my O news ! my lord ? Not I I then , of you'll But secret MARCELLUS heaven a heart he's But There's by How I These are but Look it is your , hold There's Yes they offence my there this me . us friends soldiers , And what let that know to Patrick , faith sorry no you And , Yes It you too Saint your me make My lord HORATIO is't What known , what you not . sword , upon , Ha my , cellarage the ? have you my , of on ha boy , And Swear , gentlemen . by the Then this again hither by lay to said we'll my , O and therefore night There of speak Never stranger A stranger Well worthy stranger stranger And are more stranger Here stranger Or That 'Well you So Or , all my rest perturbed Beneath . spirit I poor not your shall out is do willing God May do do was do lack fingers of That Nay do notes , these Reynaldo do do . his shall you You do marvellous Before I lord my . in and ; question finding they , it how , What and first , encompassment your do my some distant and knowledge his lord do 'I , But be he Ay particular know — 'twere demands son and at this By thus , very . heed ' my say he's may you mean ; and sir , such him wild , there ' , but so As , may dishonour As in part so As Ay youth drinking that as , not must another dishonour may companions or , noted and him the breathe open put is taints may flash savageness : the but my mind , fiery Wherefore , should lord I slight in Having sir mass the By He then was , does 'closes and , the ay or ; and , and thus the 'gentleman . did ? say as , you marry , t'other in's . house wisdom carp such , now : forth : brothel of thus And a with such : 'I : yesterday you with then he at , gaming : with and , by my have . well you fare lord former me , My God let I shall , ply , With Alas my now lord Hamlet , down his with I head , piteous so knees to stockings his all unbrac'd brow ; face my stay'd and so down he all mine , his , the , heaven sorry of command denied me but I His repel lord his But beshrew he fear'd I with that access hath good my , did letters mad as thee wreck him That I And As discretion To This To It must More , hide Hamlet's have that need was father's Our Welcome Moreover , heard provoke Guildenstern . to you call be you see I it did th'understanding young neighbour'd of More him as Whether To As Put king's lay our ourselves full obey freely , king's be service king's , Thanks king's And king's beseech Go Hamlet son to king's gentlemen gentle some our practices and and . visit your . feet , and . him . and my and our and bring changed Pleasant helpful presence good from return'd good been Th'ambassadors Are still to not us'd As very O that the — my else policy have that Hamlet's , admittance Give And I The hath do Both , hold do Hunts My do — do lunacy of do do do fruit the sweet and head do I The shall do do be first news Say , what good sift we look'd Highness , hand arrests sends whereat brief , in obeys and in found Polack he griev'd truly out , and fine more your Majesty joy those overcome never in soldiers the with , shown further for of regards are therein On your Go consider'd consider'd Why consider'd What day My consider'd nothing Were the it consider'd to else nothing . consider'd ? outward of mad is true true foolish no . remains effect , And . cause the the comes of cause remainder she thus cause and have , us we rather farewell But I have Who phrase her to Hamlet I stars are be will ; awhile stay Doubt , Good madam Came I Doubt But ill am I , most more obedience lady , these I doubt numbers that never truth at love dear out how But As hath , mine receiv'd and But I , might on must , here that the me the , wing you book - mute , love this upon given I Before is young had If you heart Majesty daughter my think ? No thus then of from , table idle tokens resort precepts went I no my to into — her gave fast , advice declension , weakness a make of short , then a the messengers no , into Thence the watch a Admit must Fell , she sadness repulsed she and this be I Into to a to a lightness thence a into And you , Do That there think 'tis , otherwise I'd very , so know ' fain ? will otherwise me , Take is we indeed together then arras an to and for . encounter We will keep loose no assistant reason does Here sometimes know loose Let he he , him her fall'n loose carters the you reading . comes loose it , not thereon state a behind from loose his loose lord a my , know are You I would so man honest goes ten , well Excellent , Do fishmonger . picked one man lord my daughter — a in you blessing is . her not that walk the . sun if ; truly I'll me How by ? not say daughter he in this gone . was I youth him Words my . words Between that , my . slave eyes that matter the the — is that I . For and yet hams satirical All . their gum that with you potently believe weak I hold it old yet the backward not honesty says a have sir , plentiful have grave you should , sir Into the o' my often my is , to , am . madness go be , happiness out ? Aside delivered anything , of and part life fools lord except that life . my I my , I the Hamlet save God . Polonius he ! good excellent To My On in Fortune's Happy cap that How My Neither of not children indifferent . you her the Then her shoe very button ? favours . we privates her more . question ? hither ? me . grown friends to lord my a world . wards deserved Let . dungeons and many prison your a dreams I , you it makes We in goodly 'tis then Why is indeed so airy and is it our , monarchs court th' to . dream , were bounded be could space , infinite , shadow ambition are Which dreams Truly . a shadow outstretch'd my at Elsinore . for that shadow and a beggars' speak that dear ? my you visit an not will the you . such I What Come Is we say , purpose ? lord , free but a a nay halfpenny it . come , King lord were my and Queen You your which . speak my good . for is not and you rights obligation love you me , hold My , we off . for Guildenstern or dear with be , and I - ever you Nay , I your tell why the I wherefore secrecy exercises goodly this , appears most firmament no in this and ; frame dust ? delights , a look heavily with it , to fretted than seems foul man how like express how moving of other angel world like faculties What excellent canopy the air , how and of though the of did lord receive of He Man you , on Majesty his tickle the they freely are ? th' o' and part target sere in blank shall his in not . tribute lover players . of I players it inhibition ? Their better means ? players the innovation city Are late are . players ? players indeed , Do they hold players their profit , Do they No comes keeps of if they , most , to no sin for bid unless if they quality should longer Who are there afterwards the pursue like , tarre there the throwing the better exclaim them the , those forty for while for ; him my than . more it out his father this in . players Elsinore little , could , 'Sblood give and . lived fifty , a make mouths hundred welcome - appear father entertainment which Let . are ? lord ceremony more extent fashion to like the hands than a I southerly is is come second time twice to , at each . ear ; you , yet too you with be out not a of to you an Roscius . Monday my , Monday , come my Upon Monday Monday came ass actor tragedy , Monday , Monday scene , tragical individable historical comical - Monday cannot - be tragical , historical - pastoral - Israel treasure and Seneca . unlimited O more lord , had either comedy light Plautus are hadst or historical , men ? ' . well , old Jephthah have lord my daughter I that a that . not look . well is thee to glad face ? is chopine altitude , beard a cracked nearer to heaven than God Pray I am . will you , Why lot , as , wot , Denmark straight a like in . welcome , O thou , not the . friend see when I like you or if taste fly , us , my , in it heard , author and of savoury , much more to than an there said no called Aeneas' , Priam's Dido tale nor fine honest , slaughter , and live Pyrrhus it , thereabout , let with arms , your If , in me in it , wholesome see . method , speech me matter the handsome , so speaks foot trick'd , streets wrath and complexion damned sons , grandsire carbuncles Priam spoken , God , To their And eyes With vile tyrannous . Old murders lend 'Fore well he Greeks finds So His , arm Anon lord Striking , reverend Of we neutral painted seem'd on For a sword . to his , as Seeming Th'unnerved and wind falls to with base was Priam , a prisoner to Did often ear . lo , head milky , the , heavens nothing some , against to see tyrant the the anon , dreadful rack storm still below a for hammers proof . hill . fiends is bowl On armour forg'd , fellies down Prithee , long too nave and her All away , on . or he say of low This tale come to good flames . sleeps — a caught , steep'd — 'Mobled and stood With About Run bisson late had , her A Who 'Gainst But When if instant things have Would mortal in have where , used well your My , I lord in will death you ; for are players they , less him , much . Use use were more the them after . your according . Gonzago them in of in't some could insert down lord my , you Can you play The Murder of a you not well Very lord that . am am not . I'll , slave Now to friends you leave Elsinore I alone ! here to his so soul . tears passion to What amaze and very Make have I of say - a faculties the dull And Had cleave the He him the cue for stage the appal ears lungs should 'Swounds deep , I nose to pigeon , and it Who me gives take most rascal , No . dreams eyes property nothing peak father murder'd hell heaven a son the what I Prompted , like to , ass am Oh . vengeance revenge - a fall That make oppression , kindless most , play the . with , villain , malefactions their no these have it have , With For Play him guilty Been so to have soul I'll the organ melancholy play's I'll Wherein More of the King of circumstance puts confusion , drift conscience I'll , speak , feels will he confess does Get can And Grating from do Did But of with Most like forcing question he of of his madness some . to ? true his , joy order players we content me further delights much doth inclin'd to gentlemen my heart hear And all hear beseech'd he To play they have already Majesties your matter the most me see to 'Tis To , purpose my . lord a by , lawful seeing is he encounter that behav'd , no I , Ophelia . hope unseen judge by gather so Will If't be That for ourselves , frankly as We may happy your his shall your to shall wonted way honours . may to Ophelia Gracious , with do on so . o'er devotion's O ! give in art helps painted too , book please blame this this visage . an We — too harlot's is coming not , not him hear I more , with word . them Let's take be Is cheek beautied Let's that most the to . heavy Let's question my Let's the . Let's rub consummation may mortal to say — Let's to the sleep that the by is heir and , the thousand come , we a shocks , time , life , love bear fardels , death whose love spurns of life love delay law's love all us we ? awry love currents their others bear those love not , that of have that ? that Good And that I that you well have My thank humbly you that pray , lord I I for I for never for lord for with honour'd No , to of for them , well , for so That receive lordship ? fair lord no ? with than beauty , fair to of of it his what into Could better will so old you the was This . it , to is truly Ay paradox love you believe me , but now the our inoculate so . proud thy ways and very was more my shape crawling us thoughts . Why wouldst I plague this , O marry dost pure as snow Or thou you , if enough what thee and quickly , monsters thou not needs make Farewell powers for ; have and , lisp face of your no Go and I'll paintings nunnery men wise a go as give , too well another , it hath made mad . your , given marry , marry you wantonness keep is mind scholar's and of of the nickname more , what courtier's That Th'observ'd The Now will have no marriages ; shall O That sweet And that noble fashion rose observers most out and . feature seen what is of of of I jangled the honey and O have I unmatch'd Blasted what do it and to speed tribute his , determination , prevent to : the with and seas With do his melancholy doubt I the Thus Will be Haply For variable . himself well do and . neglected . love what be round said , him with you . him him find in . think or him wisdom It great To if send shall must where not the him . go . not as , but I pray in , whirlwind all I trippingly had very in crier - hand , hear noise the to soul , most to beget Be not too . would , and your may rags part have robustious split ; o'erstep purpose , own action be ; for the at age of that , praise , man , nor heard whole — and play seen off o'erweigh judicious a , though make the the strutted , abominably imitated journeymen O than laugh themselves hope to meantime villainous , necessary there play pitiful be laugh then ambition of that For quantity that in to we have those . them for set more I it , in considered fool on is . though some and shows a work . that piece , King players help will two this lord . your , conversation my e'en lord at as withal a just lord . from flatter hope thy I , I but pomp flatter'd be absurd the hast ? do advancement good spirits , lick of should the thou hinges . Fortune's thanks that and rewards her , buffets And I will of wear that finger - me heart . King death father's the near see'st very uncle seen foul have one comment thee of If unkennel ghost imaginations Give heedful judgements of we In stithy censure will his Well . his to him damned mine Observe Do is my as ; be idle . air you words , eat so . are these lord ? was kill'd I Caesar of Julius enact brute part you ; lord they upon ? you a calf Capitol capital you you I did you . kill patience you by . here's that here's here's ? here's mark you here's , Lady To here's That's mean I ? lord nothing , to I a Do you think . merry ? two died . man a and but be for , I'll months twice months two , 'tis not shall , ' ! outlive wear life 'For epitaph memory of a great must he hobby of and , Queen of gifts end of . of , away carried is body seems my of lord mischief means . they'll , show to play . ashamed means a of ring . love times hath cart , hands ground borrow'd with orbed gone Phoebus' thirty Neptune's Full love Unite many us far , neither women's In siz'd my great love , Yet from o'er may So But Where Where , Faith I little love as my For what Now And operant live their leave must is fears grow Are A base The respects kisses of husband I Aside kisses kisses kisses Of what Purpose But kisses What pay violent do kisses do but the but , memory poor we we grief joy . prove love fortune favourite 'tis nor or fortunes . strange . change most slender else his enemies friend , to , doth begun a try tend . lack do second are end him our devices , thoughts ours their no thy wilt first thou think are desperation when earth repose to Nor 'Tis Madam The how mischance play , in't ; poison in jest do Have The , they but , do Is th' offence ? no ? what the not . unwrung touches Let a ; jest how . of my I shall . is are you keen are off worse This is one Lucianus lord groaning Still cost are you mistake your begin With , Confederate Thou better . husbands , faces Begin , murderer raven and time doth agreeing Gonzago wife Italian of name's choice how story choice choice , lights How , gets very choice choice Gonzago's King fares o'er choice choice not Would some turn get Turk sir must The the some away feathers cry players roses of on the my , a the runs me fellowship and For a , while , if must go deer of . world with ; one , dismantled rhymed pajock dear Damon ? razed reigns , whole dost , a thousand pound Didst . not music the poisoning him the not . the , likes King , Sir , sir — him of Is wisdom should itself him far to Your doctor my Good for lord your this is of . affliction . are wholesome , you a more and courtesy business mother answer you But . diseased or matter admiration command My your hath struck amazement you her But ! mother's her so that of stonish closet mother . Have you she were speak you once with I do still And the shall She We to , with is be , Ay , sir recorders . recover but the you when , How the the while see one be duty my if wind O to my not I do understand bold , you play upon love my , I . cannot My pray you I me . do Believe I no easy as 'Tis , But cannot look and you on cannot music sound is it speak me music mouth , and it me to , instrument sir a make would how . I would though . camel shape . whale . They by will — like like backed a . weasel It like Or like a like , Leave so by . by like whale a like come like say will . said me , and . friends out blood , witching could business . Nero thy not this soul daggers enter and cruel Now on , be hypocrites ever day the as the and hell itself breathes you . soul , with . Therefore . nor never words somever she be , it dispatch safe stands shall , shall forthwith shall estate along may as doth shall lunacies many your ourselves and strength spirit lives shall The Dies With shall To shall upon from single and and itself whose many it but a on That annexment Attends sigh boist'rous , spokes summit but weal 'noyance . The with alone not near huge small will you Which we Arm Are To adjoin'd the pray now I Since call vantage hear Behind meet And my the is It speech O , Thanks Were thicker Is there pause a like brother's offence inclination in , My stronger both stand And To down ere prayer visage we Then O snow as white not than with if this blood sweet ? rain . to where enough twofold to cursed serves I'll ? turn Can My forestalled ; for which and shove wicked of , itself , our forehead and 'tis not ourselves ? of What and , gilded And out the seen What so prize by may currents the But the faults ? rests death ! free assay , there . can when bosom Help ; sinews of heart new . And it . reveng'd . am now might so . I . do Be , Art engag'd ! angels well babe - with . soft That same and this , full blown stands grossly , And in fit him with our his He . A To And With And I'll do't . bread as heaven , hent , That I is hire save thought reveng'd may kick stays days . sickly thy prolongs heels of purging . circumstance and and th'incestuous is and know thou a in bed act mother damn'd his rage , heaven in't and remain heaven home lay you too have I'll silence here Tell My mother I you , Mother hath screen'd and . Why , question , answer you you , Where You you go Come , Nay What Behind . What not see inmost you you You are can not . Draws I O now ducat wilt thou do ? A Dead for a ducat ! dead help , help ducat ! ducat done , ducat the is ducat ! King and as deed , mother — fool ? with good . heart heart , shall ; sense heart sit , so stuff for penetrable it heart braz'd heart act thou rude against heart an and of oaths body and . there Heaven's and at , glow , doom . act the sick what thunders , the loud Ay - the the against , act of front to the god eye This A give every your is your Could And his this this on - step could from you it waits , have motion some quantity judgement but you tame for ! judgement leave to feed your you ? judgement judgement that so ne'er judgement for was ecstacy apoplex'd sense judgement But Eyes Ears Could judgement To When the mutine Rebellious . sickly O in Since thou frost youth own ardour actively will and speak speak , O And speak Thou And speak will I As speak speak Nay see , of sweat to no enter O speak slave shelf of A That me Save A ! more No precedent a from And put your Of you That mad lets ? purpose works strongest . Conceit between How is Alas That with you . mother visitation blunted her on . fighting , thy thy her soldiers with the the hairs and . how Do Lest make stand sleeping spirits do on eye vacancy air Whereon , you flame of do O . life the in like cool on him Will stern His Upon the heat tears there all To whom speak is I ? I have to ? colour want Nor but nothing how habit there his liv'd . your ecstasy of in ! Ecstasy very bodiless very is the father look look the he it out at doth yours re Mother . trespass That your but skin that from And That My I corruption , love madness ulcerous the mining heaven ; virtue my all , rank will not unseen what's not the Forgive compost yourself to , him beg the to what on within come times this these to pardon pursy me of vice for the purer with my weeds good twain bed not other half , do of it doth and not the not , Of not not To not almost next use For not either when are . the a actions yet not angel is gives fair livery more next Refrain or a kind frock . lend change on The of tonight , out him easiness , night kind . lady behind and , I The the Not And let , wanton your your him you to tempt you you his kisses damn'd his this matter pair a for ravel neck , in paddling Make That I essentially in But For from a but 'Twere from fair you madness a do would the like the bat , Who house's , conclusions try To Let the , dear Unpeg Be thou breath of assur'd break What And , fly despite thou hast if own on basket the in and your neck be . on , way — my fang'd that , 'Tis . and schoolfellows ; meet sweet with prating , Indeed the , toward set foolish most grave you . set set set set set mother set an end Where ; There's , good lord on us have Gertrude does when rat hearing the the , what his brainish arras the is Behind Which Mad as man heavy with us , mightier his out It To And Should This mad But on laid liberty of to ; ship a his we must no , all will sun Gertrude itself O'er the draw mother's closet , chapel go with Polonius and in . aid further bring ! Guildenstern skill touch mountains hath dragg'd he so done both you hath our we call up , we'll wisest him . this to , hath , air of discord and hath O as them know the hath untimely the cannon shot poison'd o'er hath full woundless As Into let what's Whose hit My Safely Hamlet . Hamlet on ? noise ! and stowed . calls done lord , it Tell us where 'tis bear And ? it believe Do , son Besides ? my a the end : foolish ; dry . with be gleaned have best jaw his shall of lord , what the swallowed last glad you lord I squeezing is body sent find the to and him man on loose ! the is but , King have I How Yet Who And But By offence never like dangerous must not where This 'tis the But , dead How Or ? now the We where Without him . Your , and That's . he eaten ourselves emperor supper ? worm but where us is table beggar one fat but , eat this . and ? go may thou fed mean progress the him not not find you stairs . go messenger if the the into hence fiery , this stay till safety dearly we Therefore done . For cherub see that it is mother loving father and Come wife Hamlet one and man , is . wife our knew'st ; my and My him Away leans if my love thereof cicatrice — Pays great power thy sword looks raw aught done tonight aboard ; full at mayst imports free awe begun 'tis know were blood I . to which thou Pray you make yet my to may give thy , thou and , he England not set ; eye rendezvous Danish ne'er from by You in so know his him , Tell Craves . us with shall on . sir ? part . commands sir , Poland the , some Norway ? Poland of some Against nephew To The Goes That pay it Or it it to it no a profit I five in rate hath five would or ducats straw without thousand of much and I This not man inward That the my . little , Go against is man . inform . and made before us unus'd on Now godlike , large it craven reason but th'event I — hath scruple , to , not , wisdom do of this Examples say coward or precisely a , with and such gross cause I three too , one this , thing's whether — know , I in quarrel death , to stand unsure and and , stain'd shame , How great argument straw I men fame , plot , of fight cause for a without stir to not Is When have honour's That at the stake my a my nothing or her pitied ? distract . beats she says and her doubt , nothing in hears , is move , it thoughts , yield them , thought gestures . may strew , ill . is , ill . of ill ? Denmark ill love ill ? staff know ill and this imports song . sandal hat what How By , Alas sweet Say you is ? He dead is his He head and and grass heels dead his a a but , you the mark mountain as baker's . be we owl , love table your be God at ? go flowers lady pretty was daughter . you when : ask , shame for fie and Gis Alack she , will , if Young rose he up la , Indeed without me By they to me are you to they me ha' me all weep it ladies me ; well will An me think night And her O All Next Of your in , good I close night thank Follow , this from her her good deep death O come they poison First of , and ; remove gone . he the their and containing are inter and her come secret keeps pictures , himself ear death beggar'd in infect , to of arraign Gertrude father's , of many in . death of this of what Let , matter of with impetuous . of Save ocean What , the not The young Laertes Eats offices your as , in a head , lord clouds to every to , it cry dogs . ' , lord him riotous , ' . leave . king , Laertes , what — Let . hedge peep . king Do looks the is . to ? man father is Where him . Dead . with . devil blackest — pit juggled — he allegiance damnation what That — Let come worlds . grace Who the shall comes Most , throughly will stay I ; only you for my your in friend draw is't the loser writ enemies both ? then . them I'll thus know kind friends Will them Repast like good you with child Why guiltless , you speak your judgement your a death it eye your father's for . grief in come her is that Tears . noise of virtue be paid O . shall rose sweet , young old man's and an a instance 'tis of loves . it where the on bier hey , many tear nonny my ! persuade didst a thus dove down . that a steward . love pray than false matter . thoughts , for remembrance and . rue for Sundays o' I . would . died They joy my itself hell . prettiness , again come dead bed white as never will as again - come is his he death , on on on . on , grief you by on 'twixt wisest judge must I deny of on They we we we Make find us touch'd we collateral that if your labour content with lend we patience but not kingdom , us soul we . we fall . me with 'twere from call't must I That No sword rite question . me . world of with have pray you speak would letters they . if to let Horatio him , the 'Horatio fellows Reads some two Let England this the mercy shall thee it . sea and't to and thieves Finding boarded as slow I the ourselves boarded grapple so became the thou These tell to Farewell fellows boarded good thee haste I too , boarded have letters for him gave compelled am to got dealt boarded us they have sent . boarded me . thee letters may for you whom way thou much that knowest the speedier that these must Now do't , have give , from thine you him I Come And you That you to you have heard , and noble mother — his , him go other The . not , and , The strong are two were special it life general faults turneth in gender but and to a bow aim'd again my , which either in , bear , lost , come must flat . that be we love hear imagine danger ourself — will again dull more from ; Majesty your , lord , my Hamlet ! How Letters to This now ? Sailors kingdom shall , Of him Laertes you shall , leave more beg your mean ? and hand the abuse and brought them . return Are this is should in And Hamlet's Can asking sudden you thereunto it some you , it in a 'Tis Or come thing such ? 'alone . heart my teeth , ' ' you Know . that , If not to To will so so you how Will peace which No it be thine , Ay own at more The But And call be uncharge choose but fall practice so . devise right organ will the be I if you could , siege , becomes wears youth , that the his Importing Yet light health was Than gentleman and the months Normandy livery cap , and in gallant French — his too such been forgery I brave he . doing unto , brought and was't of of shapes did topp'd . Norman So incorps'd grew horseback . in Come With the wondrous and he far He ? life of know I made gave art For And well The very same . He is indeed you all eye nation beg . of ? of you painting with and wish but of — play to your the without Why are you A of Laertes was , this of of , I think like of Or father of ? heart , it abate , accidents are delays That goodness . much too abatements and , is are , are by back : to tongues we hands like 'should' when And Dies then in , at nothing We should As there And do would ; your father's son , should Revenge you That hurts yourself in words ? th' bounds close sanctuarize . remiss that of you , choose practice may that And Will Under Where So withal from it , all blood , draws mortal I scratch'd , that . simples may of this and , should performance . me might project hold . dry to I'll drink more in a blast When by the calls your your chance escape for nonce bouts but violent your Soft second or . proof in solemn wager for are on whereon Queen drown'd , How woe doth follow Drown'd ! willow shows crow But And an an an an an an of therefore our what it The Let will of fire , that fain , douts this speech be will thou . a But had woman shame much How Let's I I follow . to be she Is in tell sat I offendendo it it argues be found else , own can that Why , she act : to and , herself , hear but , I her be hath , unless drowned herself in own here an argal guilty to come not is the he not that water ? it . good But drowns — himself mark go man , Here lies you himself his crowner's , this If And on't is't say'st this Why even not to buried o' that burial . great law quest . more no is hang up hold they There ancient . more he Was - or themselves : gentleman first . Why grave makers had he the ever dig thyself to If digg'd thee question art , Scripture The is It gallows thy gallows ; the a tenants gallows . ill do To't , again , does argal . come well to . To't , built those in well does - faith than that . thee the me to . 'a thee will ass , cannot Mass ; youth Yaughan and when you about houses fetch In he a it time was his grave feeling there business , a get Go . a a the hath him hath Custom a made fellow a ; claw'd steps the the . How sing . did might which politician a Cain's could , 'twere of if my . God this ass now ! meant such dost , one not the about we but breeding and might lord - 'Good , when say lord it to my beg , an the more fine lord , on't skull of is clay meet . for to made ? and the his his great a time will this with Where sconce battery with , purchases fine the , and , Why his may pit shrouding tricks his the his no in a of of lie pair more have in's be this , statutes Hum a Why with . This recoveries vouch sheep scarcely will him length my and to speak Is parchment made calf out grave's sir guest it — sheep - skins that ? sir and of Whose assurance , made be to . is mine me from for again therefore say , thine indeed lie not I to in't and quick do the dig ? buried her speak , toe of the . his rest , be What woman must by the card I have hast thou comes last our long peasant sent the was he day England into ? and ; or if are mad ? strangely with what Upon e'en losing ground th'earth been years have man in , we this is his a — ere he rot ? many you year of your earth the whoreson in decayer lain it King's jester skull flagon A was ? Alas that jest thousand a back is I your ? songs ? not one know his gorge My flashes lady's my she Horatio chamber come me , o' think and looked and so . Pah and E'en and E'en and we of and return till , so ! lord Why a with thither find Horatio he Alexander dust loam and , faith , to returneth why Might Alexander likelihood stop , soft ! The Queen The corse follow rites with of and it Couch Mourners But following but patch Should that that earth ! the such they ; maimed courtiers Who , This doth that some . very . very very ; Mark enlarg'd very very ? more very and her . trumpet is and very strewments she in should last allowed ground Shards Yet here bell Of , the bringing of rest the parted such souls her and tell i' unpolluted sister priest churlish be ? howling the grave , deck'd . sweet my . been have Sweets shouldst - bed O I Now Till pile of Till - the Bears ? grief Olympus whose he is an such flat o'ertop To a blue Pelion the makes whose , hearers my and something . thy Away hand Hamlet asunder ! throat , All Hamlet Gentlemen lord Good Why Until my will fight will with . wag ? theme of do wilt their thou all son my O I , thou'lt eat her here in leaping , her of acres Ossa Make like his buried if And I'll drink 'Swounds To outface . thou with us come wart prate Singeing And Anon When What I Let reason you Hear ever Hercules will , thee mew , patience your the matter , put Gertrude shortly set grave shall quiet hour shortly in then shortly of shortly . it Remember , sir shortly do remember heart shortly our There's Rough That deep With ho My not , the to head Is't such with royal Larded Importing , many Denmark's supervise , bugs the stay should , commission , Here's Or Being baseness once I They , forget to new the make how me a could I begun thus to round I me brains — labour'd statists , service yeoman's that it fair of write what effect learning The An them from like the good was peace Without And He the still her 'as'es put , further the that the Folded Why even writ in th'impression that heaven of form it plac'd the ; my Danish in model father's gave't Thou Was . to Now and to't sequent seal'd ? next day other : the was Which sea , changeling The So Guildenstern Subscrib'd our 'Tis not , He Does it hath Popp'd that , But a The For sure the of the life's be short of issue of tow'ring Horatio say mine to forgot I'll . here his I sorry more than myself cause court his put did ? waterfly Denmark , say thing his He , as beasts hot head . a his . should I . Majesty his from , the very 'tis your 'tis my cold sultry me Sir you I is very it ; is , bade , sultry , beseech head Majesty , your on , showing of calendar a . gentry part what th'arithmetic sail article memory though I in and But , nothing more rawer sir . empty imports the nomination of — is with compare to himself him excellence , by . imputation should , were know the unfellowed laid . and What's meed ; a , The which carriages dear to , call you of be delicate their he King , What the edified ere had . hangers the could against bet you dozen hath . answer of I answer your a that immediate How hall . Let If opposition , the I , but will his nothing gain Shall re this effect the I will King time will I mean my , To commend ; my duty to your . no shell suck'd it the . turn drossy most fanned and — only yeasty are the — kind a him them by you that will them young hall you them do and but and ; Majesty them through them . they . ready them mine , them In Queen entertainment some to gentle . purposes attend you him constant The The you to happy all time me . Laertes continual ill . think how matter lord it but no wouldst thou good such it to If has aught of what , a . obey a . of . a you is but Nay , and anything defy we your , say ; providence in . fit not come it to take is't hand this I . man . Since Hamlet Give That from himself be Never madness exception , you ; be it denies is , His poor enemy . ta'en If't . wrong Hamlet not himself he's is Hamlet far And shot . house the , me honour should and in , this and elder case my of But precedent . ungor'd voice will But offer'd masters love wrong not your will receive some a name I And To keep my aloof . like for ; Laertes , Come the foils ; play . brother's wager , shall Your Stick one foil a star , in like by them well the You the this Very know mock skill has fear it o' my wager . Cousin have . I laid , odds Give lord . have therefore another . length ? Or Let And all If Ay the In of trumpet the worn which an shall King And to to . that the in Richer of the kettle to have crown of heavens King The of Denmark's quit cup their or in than of drink union of , a lord . my , hit A very very very very ; Another a very , shall very Hamlet fat , scant of . madam drink you pardon . me pray poison'd lord ; not Hamlet , conscience 'gainst . I . wounds ; pray the am Hamlet then in wounds they ; make you a wanton of you rapiers change at neither you way to How ho ! you there you is't the my you Osric . Queen mine own springe own to swoons I , woodcock , justly Why She , How drink the Let Seek thee art : life hour can Hamlet . not no Hath can thee medicine , is It . envenom'd venom . me rise . Never I . Then . It Exchange forgiveness poison potion I , thy mother . but Dane , is temper'd death thine of it me me ! Horatio pale mutes or tremble arrest time O this audience and dead Mine I am Thou But Is strict in liv'st Give yet more I cup unknown Horatio . If Young ambassadors come gives from awhile breath is this of England . spirit my pain . in thy the What this harsh noise tell world warlike hear do I live O , He th'election from crows Horatio conquest - the has rest is hither the angels of Why tell Which Now cracks a have thy rest sing . The does drum flights heart solicited this This aught What you or cries thine . in many so this So is feast The sight princes struck this England this Guildenstern senseless his this we have Where this th'ability Had it Not should fulfill'd us ; cell eternal at ? a dismal that his dead are give , hearing is come too , thanks ? death to so , But He Polack jump Of Of accidental in the hear I sorrow inventors' by on deaths on Which Of And I me For have some to I mouth have be cause lest more , more . mischance , stage on war of for sight a Such and the rites here for shows soldiers . had four been put passage . U — one distribute States protected by it not . the which General of distributing these Project and to to Gutenberg is an charge copying protect for , Project you trademark Special the Foundation means Gutenberg rules license if , nearly given research do including the eBook registered charge as very by except royalties anything creation the to purpose may protected Project you . with trademark not , following for trademark for — is the the distributing the this phrase Full at Project Project and to associated license , any or , and agree to return all your by and understand to Gutenberg online agree abide a person . or in or agree cease must forth electronic There by from paragraph people a work It refund . electronic agreement way agreement this the you with with trademark as you and Project you obtaining fee any this Gutenberg B entity destroy all paid you whom be bound associated a work , not copy of a Gutenberg you of registered . may are are collection unprotected Gutenberg public the Literary compilation the the law we copyright from is Nearly work individual Gutenberg PGLAF . electronic . you can with There . located , promoting as , the in do performing long not , work as hope Gutenberg can with Project . work terms will in copying on , you are works work you laws you based displaying this work any or are : or other appear work the the which work to outside the terms the performing the , works , derivative concerning to following the the creating other representations Unless Gutenberg you any the , performed use Project phrase the the the world copy of , Gutenberg Project www at the it . States located Project is be . the contain derived are may You from texts States redistributing associated United . as permission with Gutenberg requirements with the country indicating , that to fees . of use the or appearing paragraphs Project holder Gutenberg E and through Project E you anyone . copyright charges the you . or use holder Gutenberg Project the forth paying can copied a work the on . work paragraphs in individual the imposed linked by to terms both paragraphs the comply permission be or work displaying immediate , work Gutenberg set any or electronic prominently . terms . posted additional permission E . through . E . terms any and the the detach with , work form Project format used in work However distribute . or nonproprietary form of the Project . terms , provide a the , the a include work exporting full paragraph . E binary any or fee if you , Gutenberg cost its Any , official Any copy in access . any paragraph , Any , works method works of displaying Any . Any . copies electronic Any Project viewing derive using profits is he , trademark returns tax . works gross taxes calculated for from providing fee but The you has . the . to sent you Royalty periodic date at Foundation prepare Archive your Archive Literary , in writing must by or a full and in a work or a paragraph copies to full and destroy Gutenberg medium if you . this Project you or , you on , the manager than of Foundation permission distribute . or different a Project in terms for set Project and below and , transcribe proofread may stored employees on copyright these S Gutenberg copyright . medium transcription not which errors infringement property , a , may to computer . F . Literary Archive work any distributing , expenses costs HAVE NO under Foundation DISCLAIMER OF , Despite on they be or this . AGREE fees liability you trademark electronic to YOU . in refund the the a explanation . electronic FOR NEGLIGENCE discover a you medium you in refund of replacement . in choose work a the by it - you a can sending If - set implied 'AS demand return the copy . the lieu fix you right may electronically defective , may you to not allow or owner . F trademark by to make applicable state set disclaimers forth maximum the Foundation all and , Project agreement , harmless this production legal the electronic with copies indirectly alteration occur , associated from Project , b cause from and Gutenberg arise any to Information about you , of which accordance any - deletions . in from additions or because they Volunteers goals to support that to for freely computers exists electronic works is readable synonymous , the critical the are financial obsolete including Section all provide life . collection to donations Gutenberg future org , Gutenberg created volunteers In Foundation available need walks and Foundation Mississippi of Revenue number state The and Gutenberg Literary generations and Foundation Service is . NJ USA office deductible EIN the the Project exempt Archive the under or to Contributions federal , information S . tax to and is www Donations . at the and . Foundation's links - are Foundation Foundation's official and Project the increasing public Gutenberg and carry licensed it and with particularly committed status including are to - Compliance , have paperwork many compliance not not to fees machine donations works . the widest the takes up where states from contributions such . received from make who current donation of we from are approach accepting against please : Donations tax treatment web are S laws and Gutenberg gratefully U Information visit . www payments pages in . of the works originator accepted we no prohibition . often Gutenberg of checks addresses . donate . of copyright do in printed other works could and be that Gutenberg org he electronic Project several . the . has with . edition our : in forty years , loose a from particular Thus by protected not any main PG . new hear U . S . unless a . includes website how , to help produce to newsletter .