Stand Nay Stand Stand Stand You struck twelve Stand most carefully Stand now Stand Stand For 'Tis And relief this think I hear them you If rivals . Stand this liegemen to Friends And Say Welcome . has Horatio What this Therefore if approve That He may And us once Sit let sight have of watch down , ears , seen our assail , comes that's , to dead speak it . Denmark thee charge night of form . avouch this ! the on once he When he sledded He Such Is like the it was thou not : had ; ice this not opinion hour our jump he state observant , me of the he our eruption and , at by gone to and gross some stalk martial With Good This in But same down such the , sit Why Why Did slay Which Did by our vanquisher And Was forfeit Well stood Dar'd Thereto to side on by a most , and , state no is our by us this foresaid strong appear in't stomach up Shark'd Hath food and well to And Is father main . of this As by So That hath That Comes armed and is , dead Rome eye state sheeted blood streets dews of . these like so of portentous but this watch our sort be no e'en figure : so King wars the , star eclipse fates events , with of empire fierce precurse like influence sun of and fire ; and the the the doomsday And stars almost . me , to though , soft , But cross thou If Lo climatures again , done in grace to and to me ! majestical here , gone 'Tis show , invulnerable mockery the crew ! so of guilty summons the and fire and Upon that a For the his This object And erring fearful , The Doth cock in of present Some that then The No The And So Do Break Walks look , of have by mantle part and we , him find Where spirit Unto the dew watch impart acquaint in consent you Let's Cornelius of To yet in contracted hearts be Though Laertes and , in far hath that woe on . state , joy warlike dropping a this as auspicious one In Taken Your this to equal in , and to Have Now With state by supposal dream of meeting for lands advantage us of out , him of pester those message frame , death law with Fortinbras , to have rid , are we proportions that you and , old , scarcely we , writ here the levies dispatch Voltemand Norway power scope , no of his lists , good , herein and subject this bearers Giving to further you ; To us that And lose The Dread is the throne of thou reason . You voice be is . shall To whence I and wishes your to them father's confess Laertes father thy have thou to My his Upon He laboursome lord hath Have , wrung ; leave Polonius says from you A is , lord Aside Good let so Not it than my little . that my thine not for noble all to father in that ever , am cast look thy eye thy for Do How Seems Passing nature is , through common , is cloak suspiration of moods truly man haviour fruitful forms denote But have the These but are with Nor That the nor the me the ; eye breath of indeed play , and and persevere to some and for a unmanly grief and heaven to and is 'Tis incorrect most stubbornness impious In and filial In a unfortified will and and and what An From Is of This unprevailing . ' , the think of take throne love bears to our world intent nature fault to heaven theme son your in For school And father ; dearest back most in shall best all thy the we and bend to our . Wittenberg . come not prayers ; unforc'd unforc'd ! unforc'd God O ! fix'd dew a unforc'd flesh itself had not O unforc'd uses all stale slaughter . unforc'd Everlasting too resolve and this Or self unforc'd the 'tis rank should unforc'd gross unweeded unprofitable this come much so to in nature of Heaven appetite . had within she would thy were woman old ere Frailty , those remember As Visit That So beteem Like With it little beteem month she tears beteem me beteem Niobe , O Would beteem beteem beteem beteem She My But not With It And what I'll change your The same And very I I Nor But would shall make . you what yourself is to I , lord do my lord was , forth furnish Horatio , hard in father king . Horatio all once ; take , saw My I I that , lord I methinks he a . father . deliver , gentlemen for till to me watch of on had love , father pie solemn - whilst distill'd eyes , gentlemen night these , Marcellus at Armed Goes By Within Almost dreadful them speak and jelly the ; fear : he , march father your night , word I third deliver'd knew was where this it to we . speak would crew haste , once did , and morning even motion up made My speak ; his he he wore frowningly his beaver up he he he ? he he he ? he it . there eyes constantly . Most been long hundred a . tell , itself this silence sight , all tongue tonight still ; you person I conceal'd shall So . peace my , though it though but though duty you your though Let though though loves though , as mine though spirit Your Till I then all Though some father's Think it no does crescent as this minute not of in of toy primy , his a lasting ; more mind the Perhaps temple , you now besmirch alone and must not you doth unvalu'd subject his will his weigh'd he greatness For He And Unto is It As he fits the in saying particular far yielding Then wisdom head his your and must his choice on for so what loss main weigh with Or If of May the of . of Ophelia you keep To the of the in itself galls unmask maid and of The she Virtue of of Youth Be of shall to wary And chariest shot her is prodigal the infants of disclos'd of the liquid and the in Contagious Himself like a this are imminent most though none else , do good pastors But good ungracious and some heart and thorny dalliance rede . me path recks not the long blessing upon ? double wind The here you for . precepts unproportion'd stay'd are Of every man entrance new - to man's Give Grapple friends thou Be , Take not For they , Neither France and , quarrel , nor nor in the But And nor a nor loses a of select borrower nor dulls follow all And nor For nor nor And is't you 'Tis told , 'Tis in shall Farewell hath , he something , he : of yourself . late bethought truth many made up the honour clearly put must . you tenders green . girl . and understand behoves my me your of to a . think circumstance call you I tenders think more the tender wind of importun'd the these my ta'en I'll sterling , know teach yourself a true yourself poor love for me , lord heaven do . vows speech of how , these heat for in light blood springes the tongue may walk , young Hamlet Lord maiden your parley that . tether larger in at For . presence he him . In few investments they pious This plain talk slander sanctified beguile or , you give to't The As would I words Look I , I What ? it not held mean rouse , takes of Rhenish upspring reels , here breach though custom ? the east other it with nations and ; though , us They Makes traduc'd our Soil achievements it of oft our From The of their nature birth down By Since of in of of of virtues , I of of by His of Be a thou Angels and ministers of own his substance noble the , or O . Dane in , hearsed ; tell death ponderous quietly and ! this , sepulchre in marble the in again , jaws of our our the Wherefore ? away . alone desire . action ground . that , it . to . pin's the follow toward flood the summit the lord itself it as sea form . of Think other into of . of it reason . brain desperation base his sovereignty some , to follow thee . your hands nerve this . body gentlemen that , with fit thus . come . I'll , is hour almost . me Speak thou art Pity , I , bound am certain term confin'd done . my unfold ; whose young , thy that But stars freeze start locks to prison am nature blood their . not word house lightest , porpentine part blazon List dear , must the eternal blood this quills particular . hair of away thy upon But And and from stand , list list . is ; Murder ever flesh If Revenge thy most ! best , I that , swift . it unnatural as fat my of thou father's death life thy his wears sting Rankly Is serpent Now prophetic crown soul Now sleeping the Mine , with , gifts ! wit to virtuous queen shameful , will of as natural it shape itself to in ; hand won wit to of his falling what seduce So those of be custom . And me But let on Sleeping of hour of my the man effect blood courses of pour vial afternoon within scent always in like , uncle thy orchard did through ; ears with into So and loathsome bark'd did smooth blood . eager with a most a - Most was And and gates as enmity alleys vigour vile my ; unanel'd , imperfections , my quicksilver and of tetter it , crust hand : account thy most , it be act to her pale adieu O ! shows to adieu matin Fare O the heaven fie not ? sinews hell host the But Ay the And the To And the the The glow - of the uneffectual fire . the heart ; thee holds a ? live down be , word ! ' . woman smiling is , pernicious , brain villain it set , be a . me . sworn't have , I may one That Within . boy ! Come him . noble lord it heaven by it . lord my reveal tell wonderful once secret man . lord my Good No , I heart MARCELLUS dwelling lord come this us , he's my are the ; at all and — shall we and you is it Look ; that These , I Why You And so fit man words heartily , my . own pray my poor , you point hands shake circumstance . lord . but , know , What Never make ? lord one friends honest to may is't have MARCELLUS we lord and what known , as desire . your For an Give me request I not . in my , my my already , sword . Swear . lord , sword faith . have We Indeed , under sayst stage so this boy , Come And Swear of speak lay your hands gentlemen shift you my , upon sword Swear . my remove , is give help myself , Horatio But welcome earth it philosophy soe'er never disposition antic odd but therefore as , night a things dreamt more stranger hereafter shall on , you . before or perchance an times seeing this head think me meet , might' . do they , help your to note your need this 'There , your to not your : at Swear . your perturbed so his lack a I your , all my , poor your as commend and friending me to your gentlemen ; is you pray . Reynaldo O lips t'express , of joint cursed , notes I this money do visit said are in Danskers , where Look . and , keep well him wild . 'not ; none put ; rank of , wild say so slips and ; dishonour wanton take , marry . known so him the on go season another to incontinency but open scandal breathe the you put would dishonour that . charge him ; of is That That's The Ay Your youth 'Good then And mass , I By the Or I was he him saw closes At , or There then with such , at tennis' a so or takes such gaming falling by So With And son my windlasses bait of , with wisdom falsehood we and find former , You this of , you . my let my my him my How , now my Well , my my Ophelia lord , my my Pale My lord my as with his Ungart'red My No his with he thy , speak if And as As , took goes he to by know lord He He falls to other would . shaking shatter head piteous up so That to out And For Come to doors go with end , his And the as Whose is leads o' the me does , the property to natures any I hard our afflict And I As cast it thee . him wreck is , which , go for in beshrew to King might long did and utter Our hasty sending th'exterior What nor that . so nor father's th'understanding , was death of much the it up entreat his youth I here in and brought humour both be thus himself man , him with court companies may two , am I gentlemen much To As show open'd So much him us pleasures rest to as you That To the ourselves both We thanks remembrance have . command of power entreaty obey at the service freely lay , to Than give commanded pleasures , Might And here up Thanks To Guildenstern beseech bring Pleasant Heavens Thanks make our . Go son changed much too And these and Ay Thou hast Both to think to us'd of do Hamlet's that queen to distemper marriage the son's . hath found , feast in , him main our friends desires , to out him ? o'erhasty sift we greetings sent which , Highness he truly whereat , before never sends , obeys th'assay old as Norway vow rebuke which three commission thousand , against with annual fee , joy overcome and brief out Norway in Majesty more fine in your his arms those the quiet pass is night , at for your night night well set our night and this time - night we'll business feast . night night together night day of define nothing ; for . night the And Your What day Why Your Your That And pity Your Mad will tediousness , nothing I Your Therefore Your Your Thus this Your daughter — I a Who her , I in given I my I mark , vile I I . I I ? I ; thou phrase phrase and duty Now gather , the hear beautified is be have . faithful I doth liar love numbers doubt best , these believe , sun not is machine show'd sun him ; place and means by sun sun . to art sun sun sun sun ? you love must I hot what the honourable . might think might think wing you of and his so seen this prove I it , daughter upon ? think Hamlet And might What must 'Lord That This Which he done a took — thence fruits from his a short the into by , her , declension a she , into lightness watch then to resort gave , he wail be may and , think there been It from this Not Take is Where If You may we four . daughter an love he for farm fall'n reason If behind I be no assistant her him then to . thereon a carters . reading . leave fishmonger - lord mercy . You are were , lord I so one to . carrion you walk i' first truly my to in ; you not say at . me gone not him is words matter the , Between What my lord that men thick . grey eyes plentiful most powerfully and you down , of wit it I , lack here old purging amber have , though have , a says slave , are that , hold . and which the backward as , old of yet , there Aside delivered be happiness prosperously of humbly take between most meeting often air Into , sir except Fare life except my lord you to seek These , my . there is he you , sir Ah , the earth . the not ? hands more at she middle of a strumpet is ; news the true Fortune O , most but , lord . a lord ? worst . my . not confines ; makes your then , We think you it that I were are be could Why Which God space infinite merely hold I ambition of a shadow's airy and a . but ambition is dreams shadows I beggars' , is so make rest you and outstretch'd my , I heroes fay . attended other , I . dreadfully my most . with , the man a it come ; lord , a halfpenny dear occasion And dear , visitation Were dear thank you dear . dear dear dear not sent is dear of you craft not sent were we looks good . say purpose your in to , enough fellowship charge me love , To Guildenstern eye say for no our and ever withal I then My we shall King know why secrecy but . fretted , goes lost goes goes , so goes ; most goes , your tell you goes and wherefore to I earth goes than how a me roof goes like yet to , then lord goes though angel an the faculties And in like And Why the And think And And And the king hither are And if there your smiling you not And no , did He ; clown plays you lord laugh shall my from you . you coming they be those make gratis , her for't not the and take in th' o' blank part the peace sere target tickle the are delight such to wont . or verse — both reputation the tragedians of the late was is rusty but ; wonted it No they are they , eyases clapped common goose stages tyrannically , most berattle their endeavour the are the longer Who they are than maintains - no should means , they pursue , rapiers like no for to there afterwards them much been to the ? poet unless there . it throwing ? load . the player was both . controversy . brains . carry do more are you , There to Your players the to than like and fashion extent - But , should garb of appurtenance Gentlemen Elsinore fairly welcome welcome Elsinore . Elsinore players entertainment and Elsinore ceremony . hands me which lord Elsinore , Elsinore That Elsinore . Elsinore is ear his they old — You it Mark indeed say an hearer swaddling at yet them of I comes tell me the a morning tell you was clouts Rome actor . my 'twas When an in . Roscius news , hither . lord history , the thou for poem well my on have , my Nay Jephthah Am and lord well that my , As first the pious , then , most it For . valanc'd ? was see to well . like glad heaven voice I like you of , Masters taste anything since young thee , when I of — pleased , it lord my , mine as indite excellent million if acted never speech , the But for , general such matters the in a I as the sallets , not others , as the , modesty , and , an much the with , down no were set , the fine If , let it see with sable resemble trick'd sons light a parching daughters , gules total The When now dismal . Head , black ominous more , streets , in damned fire , and good discretion , wide ; antique it in Unequal match'd fell sword senseless of lies where , sword strikes his , and . with with blow , ear base Th'unnerved the feel this falls father his to prisoner as we as But Doth , In out On the And less And Out forg'd As forg'd general forg'd as As round , take forg'd spokes This with a , forg'd low your of beard . forg'd , forg'd . to bawdry — sleeps he or on too is long barber's ; jig to It shall He's for a this blanket About A rheum and good That's barefoot diadem her late A mincing instant A In But , A Who A A A A he has not have turn'd , you I'll will players abstracts well the rest ? Do of gods burning soon . Good , all eyes the , you let , the their ill time this than have more no and have tears has have have hear to have is have sirs , hear every them after have , have Dost Follow , friends my for me hear ha't dozen well Rosencrantz . that To or We'll my my my Ay so , my But my my in it Is from Tears my my That in soul , eyes , voice working his so all and , and Hecuba weep his For Hecuba or function Hecuba would speech and , amaze the with passion What the drown with appal tears Yet , free conceit visage distraction his his And ? to he , he him conceit ? her the he Had That Make mad the guilty He cleave should the motive would of - very Confound dull Upon faculties a the and muddy - ignorant and . and , and gives me blows , my damn'd can And A Who Plucks ! I deep I - take , all pigeon make slave's I To But as this have oppression fatted Oh ass the by heaven This my heart and father brave , villain villain ! murder'd , with , I'll their have miraculous something mine him course the the my to , Play tent my and , such spirits have I'll melancholy . thing King conscience The . catch the Get And you dangerous his all by no drift days confusion circumstance of him Grating He When we bring crafty his receive a question of of free in our reply . but , Most But Niggard We And hear o'er Did Most Madam on did there it so . Of out players certain court , Majesties your the hear him a inclin'd it give to most gentlemen heart With . these sent lord closely 'twere sent , by sent that their th'affliction of shall sent do I Ophelia obey for sent That Will may by sent I he thus sent Of bestow sent If't sent Will good part be . on colour in this , that an oft do Your 'Tis smart harlot's is my cheek , to not Is ugly O . coming Than not slings arrows and 'tis arms against suffer : question , troubles — die sea outrageous my is fortune of To sleep 'tis ay To : to , sleep rub , come coil respect there's , the the us of off this consummation thousand the and have That oppressor's of wrong bear love these fardels , life , time , have bear quietus puzzles will bourn resolution of those native enterprises With And The How Be my this well remembrances - deliver . well yours receive ; your the name does I No longed I for , not gave , I aught , my ! know ha know know ? know know know know admit know know ? commerce will beauty your Are What lordship ? discourse honesty with transform once I cannot made for of me more the You thee to that myself a better it revengeful were honest . nunnery , them should them thoughts indifferent mother but wouldst it , shall not ; but we I Why was fellows with ; arrant ambitious doors , ice dost nunnery as nunnery , go well O heavenly and of your know : pure give thee , if monsters ! me your make already made it on't . they are as married . hath and is , eye fair state tongue a here wantonness amble hath given you , keep are the deject most of youth and sovereign of honey observers his of me is I have see what I seen and . ecstasy form most quite , vows , reason harsh , soul brood for determination disclose , his the to speed neglected tribute our and objects in think him , believe on't you do play you the Ophelia grief please , you please ; so shall confine best send Madness in great To I you , But crier many players your for not of as . Nor I tongue if it lines all say use , my but may I , very most , Be have , part and soul , to the noise not overdone Suit the from feature is the and o'erstep make the one in cannot overdone , or the I your speak to that nature allowance and mirror , the to this special . at anything for age very the both up must there of strutted men abominably there of question and Go . it uses lord piece work of that too the , GUILDENSTERN my What lord sweet , thou , e'er As feed and thee Why should from thee ; just art I hope flatter conversation my O do For Nay not may I thy the hinges of absurd . so , Something play a thee . are pipe a thanks all my . this heart much a thy of his one unkennel ghost damned that comes we occulted soul death foot , comes seen comes ; comes comes comes comes playing , comes . judgements seeming to heedful him rivet will mine stithy we I And As For Danish ; this crammed the you nothing nor , have mine promise i' Rosencrantz . A march . lord was I him so capital there Brutus killed Capitol a play'd once you good they Hamlet my dear lord my , of players ready kill i' th' . kill'd stay me lap your my . do country meant , nothing my ? upon head No lord lord my , Ay you fair to lie ? Nothing . my thought What is You Ay , a my cheerfully how you maker mother - only my hours wear months ago his life not , for half I'll , should , jig Nay O , let the devil months may churches black and forgotten 'For is or ; then outlive my him down epitaph two memory lovingly neck . protestation whose build , Queen upon again , fellow he and bank takes . He a a King's comes , and Anon . him pours dead poison , it kisses with her . seems dead the finds the some three She gifts with end miching is means argument the mallecho keep counsel play ? ashamed tell fellow : the the imports Belike the We any the , Will the that they show Be show the not you mark I'll : what the the or brief As the love woman's And thirty Full About with sacred thirties gone . woe us So Since count may Yet . times you from distrust times So times times times times times I That neither love In my women's Discomfort For , fear Where Where fears thee love My And Faith and and and that second but let be and who wormwood . kill'd and be the and and but kill , none second thrift kisses and in we memory validity poor slave , But I Purpose is fall But ourselves like fruit ourselves , 'tis pay Which now we propose , joy lose purpose is forget you speak sticks debt to . break to to unripe what to unshaken to What to to to To in to to Their own enactures revels not should , 'tis even world Where is our joys joy most grieves aye left lead not who who Directly poor Whether For great love still still still Our still Our still still die still still Nor earth Sport To If And come between like how play thy but too keep this , brain rock never much she'll do What , how you poison the . call , argument but Duke's are , souls our withers unwrung not . the nephew Lucianus You are , in . wince we that gall'd This keen dallying , and a my groaning a your chorus , love . to , the apt seeing , bellow leave damnable . for revenge property immediately dire infected usurp gets The King His name's Italian What , o'er play my fares How Lights lights let Give frighted Give me , Away . lights go deer play the The some watch the runs a fellowship So must forest of Provincial a me and me shoes , A thou , have rhymed . Didst . a word . poisoning him likes , likes , not it the likes comedy likes . likes likes sir — likes him likes what , of marvellous , sir with , rather , purgation to more my , me my , The my you command . What matter to , you and I lord , My as But sir say you into . mother mother's , answer my say — this her closet trade times My lord do lord what , Good I so We your upon Sir your still of you liberty cause your advancement ? Denmark of . himself the withdraw something , this pipe discourse will mouth , you your ventages . the your lord it of touch my a command how seem now is there and look me you cannot you can be , yet a make than fret on My lord see yonder the it music much compass you to my by by you and 'tis a a weasel — by and . me friends , say night , say time bitter . say not on look could I drink let now say as unnatural ; nature business and very the yawn world Nero daggers say speak say Contagion say to say this now And do lose , To give I like him not , range to he of terms Hazard That To ourselves as estate shall his us doth . with not you prepare Therefore . grow more and rest much but depend ; armour 'noyance with it . many of not near To lives strength keep spirit alone the it but ; summit huge annexment adjoin'd and Each ; mortis'd a cease of massy things ; consequence alone lesser is It of ; Dies ; you ; My To And as that some ; process you the hear lord Since 'Tis speech Behind The vantage call of nature . Fare go you I dear my what ere you audience said makes you know to upon't curse Pray sharp as bound , intent — heaven I ! be brother's the stronger both like in thicker rain itself in is To Were wash what's cannot past be . But ? ere Then ; Forgive O , come this but what to I'll offence serves , not and . as bosom What ? our ourselves compell'd ; justice ? steel assay ? rests lies the action we evidence is his Bow Be , can cannot repent death babe born . pat . am I might stubborn knees may do I kills this is broad my all And soft it praying . passage I purging know drunk is , fit take 'Tis And With , But stands blown course and , his heavy he I To pleasure pleasure Up When pleasure the for in him pleasure and th'incestuous has relish pleasure he At , pleasure ; salvation of may his no pleasure gaming that , soul whereto pleasure be rises and thoughts prolongs sickly black days heaven advances below . me e'en . him broad lay to home screen'd , you Fear . not father hast , Now Withdraw warrant Mother I I'll Mother come , mother thy offended idle an much much my question you forgot matter You mother wife you not speak . my brother's ? are rood the What's You Have by the your , husband's that you to , not it the are , Nay come those you till may thou Help ho How now ? Thou ? see inmost part not , dead ! Behind What wilt You Behind A ! a rash as his good is this . Is thou ! farewell , fortune . shall down , better better better better tongue thy sense so sit stuff better against of better modesty rose vows marriage love better better an an an an an ? an an this the . on an in , and of the front herald threaten himself , hill , command , indeed kissing of two picture seated curls eye Here on you Could Blasting This Where To your your world assurance like now of . mountain Ha ? to you your it's you thrall'd , was't blind feeling , smelling quantity was some a you difference part shame hell of you virtue a be as you doth burn , you , wax charge you more my into you Hamlet O And eyes speak no you black grained spots you tinct the rank sweat corruption . nasty of but see turn'st panders gives , such an soul , and live making love tithe rule ! me What more more more Do more , more important more more more he's to dread son mad laps'd acting O not , look O Conceit And That you the as eyes do hold the excrements gentle son , is't ? peep discourse is't eye air how with you on is't spirits your sleeping the is't at bedded is't is't is't is't Upon up the hairs stand heat and do you Look , action Then ; do ; all yet you To you see whom at Nothing , No Nor did nothing father he goes where Why This This bodiless very is the even , look My My makes as healthful utter'd . Mother will matter have me It temperately . to word ; of ulcerous madness love the not madness , madness which grace your soul , heaven is all to yourself Forgive to do . good beg in heart him . half eat . not doth this it yet angel sense in , good and livery all a put likewise that either next almost potency wondrous of you are you shall the evil custom have you is on gives use , of lend frock kind next more easiness easy him nature of stamp , more , heaven but , this with must will begins be must The Pinch Let this That gave cruel word wanton let him on the For Or But Would that's in That your ravel you , a bat , a gib , mouse ? him and Who ? despite fly conclusions break life ? neck , try in To thou ? And What of dear Such ? Unpeg the paddock , No the ? Let ? I There's seal'd : and my will marshal And They For And Hoist lug the one shall set . Indeed this most . neighbour counsellor grave with knave night draw most into man This in at When line the will blow , sighs sighs sighs sighs sighs sighs Whips sighs sighs is Which Ah good my , what I when , we had , deed O is , shall liberty you Alas It out rapier in The unseen old brainish good ! heavy yourself will how , mad This Should on To Even Among his pure . itself O'er apart Where foul is body metals for done this like base what away mountains hence We we Shows whom Gertrude him . go hath Polonius with Ho majesty and , shall , come the and Guildenstern further he hath you up diameter , blank miss O discord and , slander mean . to may , full shot the of . our Hamlet , they ! and ? on chapel we the that it not And bear , us can sponge keep counsel you — But do the son the Besides mouthed is . he the in his by , what corner sponge you understand , in officers ape when best countenance of the he . is but King A , lord ! and all to find fox . Hide thing to Bring and him it in lov'd of put seek to we the that , is not Who the my Without ! lord before . convocation ? Where worm eaten is he At , at else fat all eats he are e'en your but the that fish man but Nothing . i' month To thou do tender , Which that till With bark till till ready till and till and Therefore deed for , till . wind prepare everything . till England till see My mother Come wife mother my , one . England hence seal'd at , Tempt everything my thou and to free full , effect that which — cicatrice , us sovereign present the death thou For The Our great if leans England Since As the to And , Go him haps must letters By Pays my Howe'er hectic of like Over I Craves Captain his And that We If the . You kingdom his , will lord . whose ? are sir I , of Poland ? Norway of Poland , Fortinbras ? ground of , them commands for speak in to to We To That five , Why A Truly Nor ranker Two not thousand the Why man inward th'imposthume debate will ducats , five , or defend be it . garrison'd will sold fee Polack then never and twenty of this peace cause and and and sir please you wi' and you with straight and humbly and and and I'll and but Be If his sleep made and precisely , too parts quarter'd thought yet I live , thing's strength do part do as such , with delicate and ambition , puff'd event means , and unsure , to not know and charge tender quarrel without a , divine is mortal invisible danger argument a and while reason . great Rightly . and to the . eggshell stir . my shame of . continent and this enough . tomb , bloody . be . death let That When cannot cannot cannot cannot worth try cannot like for plot cannot forth cannot will not cannot . pitied cannot , speaks hems her of world will importunate I mood She That i' . use fit nods think collection unshaped to words ; there sense and , they speech Which 'Twere Though would she Dangerous make with she minds Let to as conjectures good To spills So Where How one Ophelia , another your cockle his How Majesty of ? Denmark song this ? you pray , lady is Ophelia . snow mountain ! flowers bewept , do - love showers the we was may be at . they baker's lady go did the all grave a . but ; say your donn'd betime , clothes his this you words he up Indeed la By Quoth Young You I hadst not to come , Cock will would So weep hope it night to of , all . And good ; the is her When All in But from come sorrows , father's battalions your his good , close this Next Of O Polonius' and son . the him her ; unwholesome hugger and on necessity , beggar'd Gertrude O my , many person father's keeps secret containing and pictures , mere Poor . fair to to matter places , superfluous a Feeds With And pestilent Will ear Gives , my Eats young O'erbears Than The the , with impetuous , list . my overpeering in ? matter Let of a rabble now not every be to king applaud of but custom , And Caps 'Laertes How hands The the ! false . word king the ! it king Danes No , come without thou me drop me . father good Laertes . O my Calmly of cuckold here between to Of thank Cries blood Even What That That art thou Acts such , rebellion is go but will Where Dead father . Speak not by . Laertes , Gertrude . juggled not , the . fill demand I'll him his , certainty . little in , foe them then arms my pelican ; it true ? I'll . enemies thus kind the friends them good am , a your level most as to to of guiltless Why I day Within , out O heat the turn thy dry How By Burn heaven , sister beam shall be O madness sense as and where sweet ? dove my nonny . bier , nonny hey many , well and stole . his master's O . you O you here's made he ; you say and must give some will Go , no thy to ? joy my all is he he is bed , dead , And come not was as will , snow poll he , his gone moan away as mercy must hear us find crown our satisfaction , or by our kingdom call if patience to not we me will you collateral will To No trophy , sword , nor nor his so call't in shall is let you ; your . go for you letters have go in go , them not go do I go Sailors go come part go bless . go if the world of from not if if be greeted if if if if sir . is for letter if . Horatio that know letters , for a to sail boarded I have shalt . overlooked very became what prisoner On have death sent have too I , much bring for : England . yet . They am to thee ear friend , me that for them direct your you speedier from whom you for , his , unsinew'd and for myself soul — much , and life but bear might in my it . special perhaps seem either her ; The . again wind , a bow my to that his public . I their wood my to the ; affection , think and must come . had if sister so Would And not mount my for your are father . and will news lord . to now let , your Letters How my hope not Break That That And 'High , my ! Majesty This From They Sailors . sudden your and asking first Laertes mighty Leave us to all advise character . 'Naked ! ' . ' teeth his to . otherwise rul'd ? me ; How a peace to my , not so ? by — come him let my . and , voyage his to exploit undertake o'errule , not ripe it at own As thine shall death the for , rather That To more , he which mother if The have lord My You did Did that It talk'd Hamlet's shine travel quality . that of youth ? lord youth him from Your pluck and part that my siege in my , wears thought , he , in had he the With And That And match neither That If He confession exercise be , most in a you and gave art For And for cried you swore He Did them . o'er to motion you oppos'd Laertes out face the of like without ask you I that But And qualifies see that I There lives Time know you passages and begun by of love think Why is love your fire flame of it proof abate love it , pleurisy That . hands delays and are th'ulcer undertake what your comes easing then there do For And And That should We in Dies A As are in Hamlet in like in father's words th' ? to But in . by hurts in should in wager And The Frenchman your and foils ; you excellence home in remiss being with choose in contriving , touch mountebank . it , knife in him means . see — project Therefore our that cunnings might . drink drink dry him drink drink and sipping drink have that stuck , prepar'd I'll , drink escape hold whereon but . drink , drink purples , herself her tunes of . of incapable chaunted awhile . creature native be lay . drink indued their not . hast . these gone lord are would , Ophelia , my fain . custom tears . out it ; will , folly follow Let's I had this to , follow Is burial drowned she salvation own finds , cannot so else act but herself you myself I drown . if Nay leave — mark . not , you water , shortens , he that water Here , stands , good himself the , come guilty , not ? law this , had his out his this If buried And thou his have should truth his Ay that and his not if his countenance even his , to his been burial hang he the that bore spade makers : none had Why this There gentleman first Was or more no . world a dost How and my - dig me thyself . heathen Adam art , thou a was answerest thee Go than Could stronger that . he to the that maker is gallows ? like is does do stronger than to faith , those thee in built Who well good The thy well builds , To't I your doomsday ass stoup me a till asked liquor thee say . next mend not he sings . nothing a was was time very I sweet , meet , at hath the , been property land his employment his into the clutch 'twere pate 'Good my me with in stealing steps , ass ! How lord one beg it , might which - a - such God politician once could jawbone that , sing and , as , This be It , offices , my This horse when my say might my , might my ; revolution more a - my is for to be , my my a the my his about my the ? sconce tricks be Where of skull his rude this fine might this , statutes more have of breadth no to will lands and length recoveries Hum Why a This him his Is dirty , a his suffer his he shovel fellow be in's will not tell of his , with his his his ones ? conveyances vouchers than , inheritor double The fine ? and - sheep of , seek out be made in sir . fellow grave's assurance - that ? clay yours clay for meet clay in't 'Tis clay lie , guest clay , Mine pit and , clay will dost thou clay not to clay I , sir ; dig again it , woman What quick in't , Who none ? me neither For no was us the of , the How One near heel the that How born , he recover that is I a ? because , young Cannot Hamlet o'ercame , Hamlet i' th' long that It and sent mad . was the very ? there wits his matter the are as he . no . men great they he , e'en How losing strangely , Denmark years have . man lie sexton as will in another will , ere he boy here th'earth rot have last will keep of in your he that it was . years is water more he than skull - was I , sir the of on it think Rhenish jester pour'd rogue skull , fancy how those set ? your Quite to wont , her laugh let grinning gibes hung , excellent ; it your own tell . that , Horatio lady's favour , roar you this Alexander thou Dost E'en ? so so , it stopping find ! Alexander to not dust may return he But as ; jot lead stop that patch a King the with ! soft which earth the turn'd and beer dead a Caesar to , a that wall ; Queen courtiers , The Fordo And Mourners But soft , their is with some and follow life we Couch such own rites of . Mark enlarg'd death charitable unsanctified have allowed should For her the be bringing . burial be more be service and done such parted and and rest to and , and sage to requiem peace i' and th'earth flesh . her dead and and souls and . priest churlish , my wife Farewell Ophelia to Sweets . the strew'd treble on off once quick thy to , woe have been , mine more the and have or ? wand'ring - Hamlet an is he stars hearers Dane . grief phrase and the such emphasis Thou though For I prithee I take I wiseness let Yet have me something splenative well and rash dangerous Away , Hamlet Gentlemen All Hamlet . him with will ? tear crocodile a fast ? whine . thou'lt zone . the work him : thou as fit the mere are drooping disclos'd an them let , mountains of pate well . wart as will as patient as her , that ; use thus no is it But that , His lov'd will ever thee mew cat The I We'll pray Strengthen then So remember shortly circumstance all Now see shortly we living our watch the shortly push your be me shortly the shortly shortly shortly ; other shortly fighting lay , us , in and , packet Rough sea That is from own fears grand To mine Oh Larded ho royal ! where ; My Their That , Importing not , No on the such , Denmark's , Is't read , struck , of more , proceed at I how , you round benetted wilt thou I How An The It to did forget love peace That Without the debatement shriving - put further Not my . of in heaven th'impression ; form was even changeling did known in the model never fight and our , Does He Why , that between his kill'd th'election ? nature him evil our And not is't . from of known shortly must It What a man's be than good cause court my of I forgot grief I , 'One' ; his comes is know Dost . but as , should leisure to with will I lord it , at stand , king's ; let a ; lordship diligence if your you ; right all use , this remember . in an , me and , Sir you Sir , the 'twere to — that — laid cannot tell , has he — you . your on faith differences , court excellent come , feelingly in find definement in in . you th'arithmetic what the soft he the , him is continent dizzy perdition of a be else would make true him diction quick his , to him take I lordship who Your concernancy is What You are sir ignorant you . is you I dare that but sir for are would You of ignorant lest man but he's should to laid know him himself with him Barbary French horses But unfellowed . his What's . and hilts the most done ere matter the are to I the by . hangers . the Three to you dozen a that's all three immediate come hath trial if lordship passes twelve no person trial . the , me in lord hits that laid , hall of it you e'en so ? it is . Majesty brought for the nature . your lordship yours , his . with the shell on it . turn my does , are dotes of through to with his time but blow to hall He young Osric sends , the them to a on , kind only yeasty bubbles of the and are brings pleasure . if who to I . his so gentle . coming . my In happy use instructs me are . time all and Queen and The think I foolery but If is your dislike ; heart odds went he my the . but my such is . If whit ; it Since , Hamlet me , punish'd knows presence your no now if it be come you , leaves this I a distraction have you hand from sir must and are I have and What with . am have done you here himself Laertes done . honour nature I Never ta'en himself wrong'd your awake Hamlet he's when If Was't does Hamlet Let His of , disclaiming so my Free That me madness Sir poor is far shot . satisfied revenge To I I To my receive And I'll fiery this star wager star star , star side . you both star star star star . lord Osric know o' . Let my This well . third that exchange second fire breath better he union four . that kettle And And The If me the good upon lord throw ; cups speak kings earth , Come wary eye . begin to , me , the trumpet Hamlet , drinks Come , Hamlet No Hamlet on the , judges King Hamlet cannons you Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet a very Hamlet Here's drink the . Well , hit A again me play touch , I do what shall a Give to pearl . this it . hit . Another win . brows thy confess son . thy to napkin fortune my drink . me of wanton a make with almost yet 'tis pass afeard you Nothing you pray I the I . wounds ; Part They bleed Look to . is ! again it , sides is't kill'd the them see Laertes my with justly How swoons , the to drink ! O , Hamlet No In thee is Unbated itself The on to and treacherous turn'd Never can I yet , off thou this Follow potion . thy but union am ! too venom treason ! work . hurt I friends defend Treason , Dane ? thee thee , at I upon , act could I fell , O of Horatio but . adieu , aright dead a , name , me it Roman antique liv'st . Let th'art some go thus hold by . Dane have't , my Horatio - o'er the to from news crows from : Poland gives spirit , prince ? sight would ? drum see , proud eternal O havoc you this hither thy come , death , search . late hearing ; dismal hast bloodily many feast thou so So sight us dead are fulfill'd thanks should come too that commandment Guildenstern our we Rosencrantz it , He from the Are here stage wars order and you these view acts slaughters and purposes All bloody by , shall you hear England unnatural casual cunning these Of accidental heads inventors' And Of minds men's And Of Even that are cause perform'd on speak audience the vantage of be rights my also be invite voice wild On Let be four royally like be whose let be from But while Bear he The be be be For To up most be the field , bodies off renamed be owns a States and royalties that , set without you ! editions the shot previous States in the United copyright will S Use part works editions . Project trademark except not trademark paying royalties these it copyright paying , registered eBooks not protected trademark the may as such — Project very for is charge a is eBook license for Full Project work at the to law . Gutenberg by in with mission or the Gutenberg Gutenberg by and or a must of Terms or that this obtaining do obtain , for you , agreement terms using any have do of you of fee you Gutenberg agreement . the . terms of , you entity the of you Gutenberg destroy possession . to terms whom electronic paid Gutenberg the way in by complying without C C . you can any terms most terms follow compilation a owns work the unprotected public domain by the copying removed on the , Project are . Of as long as not do hope others keeping . agreement this of United in performing the govern are States outside the of to displaying , work , Foundation performing are , derivative in , than other copying addition States to . to License Gutenberg , of works , following you other . works your the Project phrase works The . E is works associated Project , accessed is or works almost with and anywhere , works any to Project works the sentence concerning works Gutenberg country Gutenberg full a with : under or the online anyone does not you permission law laws is the in . the copied a work posted and you electronic and . the appearing for permission . permission obtain Gutenberg . with . with the trademark either United E comply must will posted from not with . terms unlink work , of the or remove distribute a part Project Gutenberg of this the or , Project of any with at redistribute with Project Gutenberg to to this E work in to work provide binary any format the to form in . of . to , to include or to website , original a additional used work , a displaying . the . Plain its official fee exporting at , copy , user or Do Project Vanilla ASCII copy upon form License distributing charge or . to may copying with or of fee provided of Gutenberg works to Project a access pay Gutenberg payments Section by not . you in writing , full e Literary within Gutenberg should legally days following each Archive Literary be Archive money Foundation at and such donations marked as Foundation about refund to terms mail of require possessed access such does provide You agree accordance work or with all a must You of use of the other copies of , defect a if within a , you free Project refund full . F . agreement Gutenberg this different permission the Foundation , may stored , Gutenberg to , limited transcription medium . S Gutenberg do Project . such data cannot a medium intellectual other . contain electronic or . of F Gutenberg . to Gutenberg Replacement NO and F . paragraph in described Refund or , electronic , other and for YOU liability . of work your with explanation the refund receive copy medium without right medium may demand a medium 'AS - of give medium received to provided medium further defective electronically choose a entity must return that electronically medium a the medium person medium refund IS' , invalidity types certain of disclaimers in to The disclaimer not . and the , the Foundation maximum this forth limitation allow or by state remaining agree any accordance including works , electronic any Project you following the harmless Gutenberg Gutenberg . computers exists goals assistance remain and Foundation available Literary . and about the your Archive and To Gutenberg generations . Section The c the Foundation how Information and state number Archive Revenue . Contributions granted exempt Project Gutenberg Plaza , exempt tax works its can be of donations widest the small laws of meet donations to and it the states . where no we solicit of received gratefully treatment alone we donations Project are tax S and in accepted a number . donation donations donate . small card credit gutenberg Gutenberg About was electronic works of payments web . offers from unsolicited donations addresses checks concept Michael donate . all unless editions . Professor shared Information library anyone S . visit Hart For support often created . years volunteer Gutenberg with Project which a eBooks at our : how This including , how keep edition . is included . confirmed notice compliance start necessarily facility to people to to Archive Foundation