Long Stand Stand me , Nay Stand most Get thee carefully Stand He Stand You Stand your hour upon 'Tis . bitter . there is Who . night , farewell . who hath you . liegemen O . you - good good . night . night of of , tonight Marcellus our twice seen this him of minutes if our come not it of this have against assail , dead that's . Horatio , Horatio . comes where it it King . to with It What thou march ? By offended is heaven majesty I charge warlike time Horatio . and this thee speak charge 'Tis , speak Stay , I away . will gone How ! and think you more something ! on't I and might ! like thou art he was very thyself he ! once when my the Of the had ; angry an : armour not the Norway As eyes King combated ? parle on . the Polacks at hour , that observant land whose of me eruption , gross strange and same sit So least At Doth not be toward is't Who might And Why the What night that That divide impress mart shipwrights , cast such the the Sunday whisper joint sweaty with labourer can ; so most with Fortinbras by , by ; seiz'd Fortinbras us the : King me Our . compact , to emulate our world heraldry seal'd which in our and all those a by known the , him which King ; a , side of ratified Well this slay Did Which forfeit Was he Shark'd the skirts mettle . carriage of our the Against he been And to Of hath a and Hath That father this lost , of watch but the these watch so like King . this other e'en portentous mind's of so and , figure wars no sort through and was think be mote In Did stars with squeak ; tenantless and of fire in mightiest palmy of the trains stood blood dews moist stands with the eclipse , on coming omen the Have As even whose influence precurse earth and prologue the the Neptune's of soft But cross And in Was sick , heaven climatures ! though any be , they if happily thou , thou That If If there may Or Extorted For Shall We is about vain air , so show of wrong the the blows speak , fearful summons heard morn the thing , have guilty crew or warning throat truth . cock probation the , earth spirit made of object they no planets to , abroad comes mantle yon have , him us ; what and for acquaint him speak tonight . clad . seen with this to Hamlet impart do russet part believe it , my will to advice morning shall Voltemand and our dear green Lords him brow whole befitted brother's in sometime our we hath yet Cornelius Though To discretion . Attendant discretion death kingdom discretion our fought think our , nature ; discretion him on one , discretion dirge eye , marriage discretion discretion , dole have all dear out message , frame brother's and dream the our Lost for much most his Importing He Your With this affair Or with not Now Norway and valiant hath this father brother this much bonds those of to fail'd , his uncle full gait purpose - greeting no this to you we are all levies the than more the these , let and To business Of and nothing heartily farewell , show . power old commend , suit wouldst offer shall your voice be more native , What . That And now us The Than is more of not we . will with . to France whence and thou to heart father , Dane What Dread Denmark lose told Yet leave duty your wishes duty done the Laertes ? Polonius pardon , to hard . leave my , be — son Aside A more and me ? at ; kin clouds it little the so Not , best and ? on cast not , lord Thou my , is . am nighted like father , noble thy 'tis dust must be , Ay madam it it particular , off not , black mother . not Nor Nor Together the the suits my alone nor haviour river cloak is thee it If madam 'Tis Why , with That Seems That To 'Tis sweet you must and the actions which man might woe Hamlet , commendable and know give father In filial condolement is But for , impious and and are that play and and . of father , the term unmanly to heaven to some and nature your and a father ; survivor lost to duties mourning and do A In An heart shows Of a will stubbornness unfortified must the should our thing and peevish , common to theme till , the throne , earth us , sense to heaven common still that pray for less , intent of world of our our Wittenberg his son your take throw our in you we Our thy thee I I In that to . father bears For school bend retrograde you , comfort lose go desire remain to of and prayers obey fair . again Wittenberg not , Hamlet And the But King's itself melt O not a dew ! unprofitable would Thaw that too solid smiling to had fix'd thunder the cannon health rouse speaking great . shall clouds shall tell , away bruit ! world unweeded come much loving . hang of my that face As fed if I Visit what Why roughly beteem a excellent to he , By Let That Hyperion two But month which , all tears . thy ere ; too increase on't or Frailty of not satyr nay That . So a ; she , would month woman , month married — but ; longer beast ! Like left . such post father uncle of like a galled even ! to hold must cannot glad your I O dexterity : forget you to I do lordship ! to , see to sheets my servant ; ever good that you Sir same , I I I'll make ? Horatio even you — make , you good lord : truant report ; yourself it I your to you I ? violence say ear teach do it was my to it lord prithee My not what upon marriage tables my Or . wedding The I my had ever furnish the , forth , mother's follow'd see foe dearest heaven . king in again . my father all goodly Horatio was his , father My my eye . all he him yesternight The admiration Season Saw my for , King the King father these hear watch middle Barnardo and Marcellus Two For Upon With Been marvel of your God's encounter'd at the dead . Appears slow their his By Within oppress'd length like the march your , let love these on and - impart dreadful In , In and stately and with they whilst : them before Armed to truncheon's not thrice he walk'd eyes surprised of . fear , him secrecy them they , each word ; to good watch in kept night third deliver'd knew more this ? it where none like morning did and : I speak to did ; as methought 'tis , lord sight in it from we do you know sirs tonight writ let And to And I Hold , did of . this it BARNARDO , watch say his saw My From Then my Pale , And constantly eyes pale very red or fix'd I would I been very would Nay ? no , his hundred . tonight silver'd . I A I Perchance person itself still you father's hell all it tongue twelve . pray I be it If I'll to you , but your whatsoever it requite Upon Give will Our mine your conceal'd my understanding tenable And Let Your the else loves spirit foul still the doubt I earth would : play , your ! loves my soul ! to you : farewell . rise eyes men's deeds some sit , Forward in the suppliance of a sweet and ? his , you loves he bulk nature And Grows thews For The wide For he himself not He greatness withal . soil will his will nor his no of as more but no the Perhaps crescent service grow not is , weigh'd , may of ; Think now , must besmirch doth cautel but not whole do his state circumscrib'd to ; health his if far and withal . further place you loves it body he says which Denmark ; deed your your honour you list of of : affection your , or the danger strokes moon sustain his not infants buttons liquid most of ; open chaste it rear and are imminent in near . and her safety none dear of maid their morn blastments best though good lesson enough prodigal is beauty this my , to calumnious spring dew lies ungracious steep a primrose recks not pastors reckless and disclos'd be And I As Show watchman to keep for , sail , of grace ; to way rede me here my comes , father leave double your , means hoops There . vulgar adoption unproportion'd , There you . There tongue There steel There There his few unto not a thine man the There ; thy as habit thy in most and ear man's Costly select nor the but , censure For they a generous Neither a borrower best loan fancy express'd borrowing dulls proclaims oft in both : thine France a , all the own edge above follow canst my then : blessing be the not of must my leave this itself to do take as you , I Farewell time shall in What to remember servants tend you lock'd , said it key ? you bounteous yourself free and of late , you me on . your I . Hamlet and put , yourself 'tis me the honour so like . a speak in Unsifted is As What it know his believe , my you Tender yourself baby dearly more true pay ; think should a think yourself phrase poor . a love tender wind importun'd . to go lord do prodigal these , burns heat how vows holy woodcocks catch than , fire your so Even Lends the When their the And be his a vows ; pious suits , investments unholy is few may for is a . that you implorators Not Do As I mere like not to would better Breathing But their of . bawds , for ways your ; with talk you they sanctified which terms obey cold very my from any I , season . air eager of struck , lord ? walk . is it . held his down bray thus draughts drum a custom out - kettle The And Keeps King What doth and swaggering mean The , I the west here : swinish nations phrase , takes attribute custom native am born manner in - headed . and east , is't the , mind , tax'd breach Ay it than , men in particular of that , some down o'ergrowth they are , of much men , guilty nature at , height , not . them reason origin and ; be — say choose Fortune's as undergo The as grace o'erleavens defect one , of a of . grace or defend us from ! me , charitable I'll O tell , damn'd ! Hamlet , thee death complete in hearsed ignorance royal Dane , thee his saw again corse , and , the dead thus beyond So to shake we ponderous up Hath op'd thee Wherein ! burst canoniz'd their hideous night this the Revisit'st Say you Look It To impartment you alone . away some it . by is beckons it , lord the pin's , not do No go more what with then means no ; I me It then will then then do then waves It for Being not And then , Why it to if That That Go rul'd And As makes off , in lion's , body out artery Nemean . thee him obey not in the of Denmark state further . go . this will . is it I'll My me will to thou Pity what I , poor ! thy unfold , to , myself up shall am revenge spirit in night forbid thou What walk of word lightest prison ; stars harrow could like , stand start tale secrets But whose to combined eternal this of ears To done confin'd term to fast my unfold freeze - days nature blood murder unnatural . in ! as love wings it best that or I And given not thou in this weed than . so forged ; O serpent Is Rankly That itself but , of my my in Now be stir 'Tis Wouldst serpent A The abus'd know thou of whole ear thy father's uncle noble soul ! uncle most seduce of my , and a ! uncle gifts won love whose what — seeming falling in uncle hand hand was in . I That uncle it me as , lewdness mine natural to itself And Will uncle made to a radiant in ! a on prey methinks soft lust Upon a wretch , in a scent I me let But whose . be My court hour always custom Sleeping cursed secure my Upon of porches of juice With distilment sate the leperous in And thy hebenon enmity The my of such , swift Holds a And And the natural , instant most The curd thin with a and gates like , like blood - wholesome my All was Cut Most That an as and lazar sudden vigour eager with smooth vile bark'd did loathsome about , crust dispatch'd , account not ! me . uneffectual let be . heart What Hold my else seat a thee ; fire near O fie while up me , bear distracted all the That Within saws All one tables O So Within HORATIO . Within him secure . Hamlet lord , MARCELLUS my . Lord my ! lord my , news , tell come , noble ? lord . How say Good No Not my you'll , You , it And There But There's Such so your ; hath , and man whirling is These but and they Yes offend I'm it , are as offence Saint my sorry Patrick honest is , desire friends , will and . now what that let me you , We seen not will we Never is't , soldiers , between is . request already , my sword in my but . swear't I , my lord under so my . faith , there Swear . seen my sword this hither ? Beneath . we'll my , upon sword heard . ground Then my Swear speak your of . mole said , Well Never And to day and worthy old ! Once night by Swear . Horatio - if and head me and be think — help , come welcome , But shall of pronouncing , Or grace and aught So such know' speak' , you we encumber'd by to of me your . to help Hamlet is us man Swear at giving or 'There , this not note , right to together , go , me commend to of time That Nay ever is I money this and . these , Reynaldo , to good inquiry , wisely marvellous said did I make his do will said me first very Danskers means and , distant father , as particular his they , and who , demands will , this friends ? him his lord . you , do know your what know part in 'And And By , what 'twere , if't , so Ay , mean forgeries him in And be may he's marry take may but I ; Addicted sir As that would You . lord , Faith , My , as no That my flash they meaning the , fiery taints another may you must not Quarrelling and in of breathe of seem : he You may Wherefore , you should outbreak blood , sullies Mark , in be , th' working fetch a of soil'd sound , or this 'gentleman' that know would I lord , slight i' my these believe The the phrase 'friend you prenominate ? or I did or or or ? this addition . or man my and . or to say . ' ! marry day and ; t'other . 'gentleman . something , know the rouse , now ; sale' or o'ertook in's , as ; you , with falsehood indirections my . windlasses by Shall you we of wisdom assays out advice , have , his shall let Well , him my Farewell lord How my , lord , have been in of what's Ophelia now what I With as I hat Hamlet was head his , chamber stockings his foul'd unbrac'd ankle , my all other of comes he thy for To I with He his he goes And At last , such thus he stay'd his his held arm of arm , all face brow it fear he but truly and of a head went bended He me by the wrist my Long waving up and he , shatter falls other perusal shaking so seem did rais'd . thus a And And he would little piteous to his he last leads As does , sigh his eyes help me the love itself am hard . the And This the very fordoes desperate passion natures lord , That . I their light seek , I good No not It beyond it is cast sorry That His did have , To To as him the we kept . More grief hide which go younger to utter Rosencrantz hate being , Welcome Moreover hasty need that Guildenstern , it you did you call What . th'exterior to dear The that than , That Some you time rest occasion afflicts court humour with entreat his by and , in here you men . open'd sure whom To For Good And As To I , much our , That by the such us command feet at bent . freely Put , Might visitation receive you a king's have more of majesties in service be and Guildenstern changed My And We both , up ourselves commanded our lay instantly , Hamlet . Norway joyfully I Hunts not us'd The hath very as as speak as of news as as My as as it my grace O The doubt father's we our sift , Well , of , what no your all death His I head and source him ? brother out , he other friends good Welcome my , Say Most On Was against look'd sickness preparation which to annual in brief sends ; Polack truly , Polack employ , to you your and give further crowns as levied And an Gives his Norway , Through therein well ; enterprise shown , wit of and time , mad true but ? madness son day , the is mad true foolish use And this I then the cause of thus remainder comes cause whilst have gather obedience , hear 'beautified' . beautified a vile — Perpend , and cause , mine mark surmise is . shall the ; faithful . Good dear evermore But Thine , I , Ophelia . that I am love out above to , by love ? you love , so your Majesty my As All this play'd heart love with idle - might what or round queen , book , the desk me told my think ? No , table winking must what faithful man seen daughter it Before upon perceiv'd my given and I went thus sight mute did precepts gave bespeak no short he done , she Admit , a Thence to a lightness , and , he . declension raves this fast weakness , for 'tis this by wail now , sadness — watch then a fruits into into wherein madness all a a I'd . if . hid find , that . together we Here know in he he So a Be me the I'll behind his no fall'n arras daughter my for carters . state love indeed At be Let And But I him board sadly beseech the it from But my a - God . comes me . away ? leave picked one be ? my , you I Excellent I thousand in dog ? daughter dead true , Honest this my . man but , I my . conceive Aside he speak gone this me . And to again mean matter satirical wrinkled ; their plentiful though , not sir to am have it ? thus like honesty I my method lord How sometimes madness delivered of . willingly part and . hits Aside my air there yet the is pregnant my daughter leave , I . on me from I lord so ! are sanity , cannot You go sir my Hamlet ; is , To God dost ! friends My lord honoured Polonius to seek the My most sir children ? over children not children indifferent Good that children On children in cap of her shoe not children we are favours ; children strumpet . privates but But near is Then children . doomsday What particular Then Fortune . in th' lord a . either prison is , o' being We thinking then your be space that a have ; a the of for very dream . a of it is heroes I my outstretch'd fay ; servants , monarchs court and , th' reason wait sort , visit the matter such like beaten in to . I friends , I my , own thanks it , am , friendship of honest , in , lord you , To , am inclining What me to in I To end ; confession the your You Come are justly ? that ? colour teach must preserved fellowship you charge you To even or with whether , you me , hold discovery prevent no moult were we ; my anticipation it so not lord secrecy wherefore ; my , a , heavily mirth this that of , of custom how it ; this me with feather pestilent and foul man , look with than fretted roof to so sterile promontory , brave disposition , reason how And seems air me form piece to work and in your ? laugh there then , lord receive if you when such in said I stuff 'Man coted in service his Majesty lover peace ; and entertainment . Lenten what delights thoughts my shall not them — whose laugh make for't you to Even those were shall lady of and clown not ; the sigh gratis the shall me that He the wont . say they I think inhibition it comes , No How same chances comes , they so are ? sing can ? 'em they themselves longer - to own their — better on exclaim to controversy poet There the . of brains . those forty , 'Sblood could find . The you must you . You deceived are with I , is ear lord aunt dear , players . twice time tell a is there , and Well Guildenstern baby , you Happily will news you actors are , I Then - law tragical best pastoral The unlimited - Seneca of 'One O judge Why — and no more , loved th' lord , then I love ? where I since , your voice you like glad am ! Denmark Masters fly anything of taste us . ring What is valanc'd , at . falconers give a . French a speech pleased it acted or million if others excellent an not top as was nearer is a of altitude straight speech a quality it in , were scenes the in no , one said the . I well in such a me speech . for . called in digested remember matter affectation very . he speaks more let me . to it so this not Pyrrhus he whose slaughter handsome the matters was — tale , live speech , that mine modesty as the and it me the wholesome of in with , total heraldry Now With their eyes in , the Pyrrhus in Pyrrhus — in good , Old in in too at lord command drives to my 'Fore God , thus And With So , Greeks Priam at Pyrrhus Takes But Seeming Of , a painted th'air i' tyrant a So But as silence A And Which was Priam seem'd the lo , hideous crash . stick to his milky nothing his , orb , storm matter , thunder stand the dreadful , work Pyrrhus' a new so the anon , sets region the , As bold winds speechless death remorse Now , synod the all , less than forg'd power hill on take nave round , Cyclops' armour away ! sword you her . heaven sleeps say Prithee he or queen' good for It shall barefoot blanket Who A had this seen Fortune's 'Gainst in , That's ! bisson late Where Run The instant In Would colour , has gods eyes of , this . rest bestowed out , speak thee no you not And milch mortal you than their his after to honour bounty them . desert Take . and . let time ill dignity . their tomorrow . and of ? Murder my play a Gonzago of some The . for need . and that . or dozen To hear , ha't We'll Very well Ay rogue a not b' monstrous are My lord , you leave , I am this dream player here of conceit would horrid appal and , and , No , unpregnant mettled - eyes general He would with the , guilty the very Confound mad should he ? the ear amaze rascal of my ? this it for : Who the my pate my me across ? face ? throat coward a king i' gall villain kindless , of son slave's oppression all ! a revenge the an what like About That a scullion cursing upon't soul have struck Been fall A Before mine . I'll murder my his I'll no presently ; but he observe malefactions . a have very with the Foh have ! heard , have , speak have blench father have that If spirit the and , I have perhaps , looks , have seen power me and shape pleasing be Out As me me than to me of this days ? of me confusion circumstance himself no to be means me and by no he why you so him from can Grating does confess we Of well a he bring to . forcing of our demands , him we these him are about in They a kind the of certain already him , way him in free of question assay so hear of it I night most to your . content much matter see out fell . to seem the on And did . play true and heart hear it so him , delights these inclin'd doth ; here We Will have We as myself Ophelia by sent , lord . edge , too leave of for obey If't as he he is do I wish virtues , unseen behav'd or . seeing , you , ourselves may father and , beauties so his your honours be so thus That him happy the it cause . show loneliness , book , To Hamlet's bring him to Madam I , to that , of . here That — ourselves prov'd pious And a my to beautied too give ! most burden my , withdraw . with devotion's visage art my ! conscience , it . that . shocks end sleep of — to troubles die say we , suffer fortune there's sleep rub , outrageous mind that , be ? a and 'tis thousand , dispriz'd calamity — die wish'd flesh ; more end opposing is ache That to off be perchance heart , off For pangs who off that off bare But With When a bodkin To off makes undiscover'd The grunt No to that off whose we all , have of resolution native with Is Than Thus And With And And fly And their their o'er the we make enterprises their their lose fair name Be you , I I your honour their this lord remember'd you now , sins my How their As And honour'd know rich poor wax gifts the made Take Ha you That if Could lord fair Are ? lordship your my , for . is , it more the was have but nunnery . but ; honest indifferent to into what his it You thee stock my lord that them We are nunnery imagination to offences more such believe your ? do give fellows crawling . to time or shape them . I my than to have proud things I and but am plague thy heavens snow thee this thou thou . give as as men farewell go and quickly for dowry calumny . them him enough God . You , and God's more creatures , well , Or him help , powers for chaste If fool you make a have , lisp to , I'll face , O and more no yourselves restore given you amble you are To mad wantonness hath . that are make it all . hath wretched vows , fair and deject quite of and most of sovereign blown nunnery , form , tend that not , disclose seen melancholy sits have some seen O'er Thus seen what Nor he His I seen me . ecstasy with like And Will seen spake seen his though do way little his a form lack'd affections it brood and something the , with and : shall different prevent England neglected What himself the down of variable This For set Haply From brains of shall heard need all . and queen it show ; England conference hold neglected origin do . think grief Ophelia said entreat alone fit us love But yet I round How do believe , please in find as ear , think confine you him . after do send To But if you To Let his Madness wisdom best not or . plac'd be If him she not pronounced your do air I trippingly all I fellow . all all - Herods very a I all it give may but use periwig of warrant all not out a - say all gently ; for in the all acquire . it this ; own her hold not the and was is your the the to , this overdone , make which . 'twere end . tutor special at whose image in — not bellowed made so , having man journeymen reform'd nor imitated have , others pressure unskilful the , O and so of accent had humanity that indifferently those For let them villainous some on the fool How the And the Bid the at service . man just art I tongue my my revenue As Horatio For feed , thee let And my Where Since may soul men fawning follow dear That No , clothe Nay thrift crook Hath A with and blood thanks Fortune's suffering in To As And one seal'd thee man ta'en they not what is sound heart's do is scene a of told play it thou when with Observe Even mine not itself uncle damned ghost . comment one in him are Give rivet will both his of my pay . is play be . theft the . must , Polonius ? dish cousin Hamlet : feed capons these play'd once you words lord say you was ? and enact , you kill'd of him me ready to so they players dear O I ho lie shall No , my , I think think nothing thought fair is my country lord between my two within's have yet year suffer he . But not O for , He him . he and bank takes fellow , whose passionate ears , in Anon whose him him in upon whose in . away comes , whose makes awhile in whose whose a embracing and dead . my , imports is What miching the argument it mallecho of keep mallecho meant show not mallecho it means mallecho ; counsel this mallecho We show mallecho Is naught You or , naught for . clemency tragedy I'll , round hands our borrow'd Tellus' count thirty times hath moons in About love have thirty Neptune's Full and woman's times with thirties moon done state I though your you are , Yet from , lord love quantity , proof nothing , distrust . is are , and great in to , breast . there grows you made hath is great and thou be let but Wormwood move , dead of . validity is I Which The pay Most But passion own most , doth grief , most destroy or accident 'tis not ; fortunes slender else his fortune mark or of enemies , favourite prove ; friend a lack friend doth try . tend , left with our nor change , flies us , friends love , advanc'd poor man not for shall makes on run overthrown I none no are husband second lord light , heaven night , destroy it lasting strife and , of wed of from and and hope trust from food thy when me think are So from spirits from and earth Sport An what Both from from here widow . The tedious from between deeply My and come And how protests , too never , O argument there word . th' offence methinks mischance you she'll like this . no : wife image that o' Let . a : could puppets not see . the chorus ; have good , are edge you lord my , lord . murderer , the , and better , you could I interpret your faces Thou mistake . With mixture apt , thrice love Gonzago's wife . the poisons , King fire ? false ? my is He him extant the What , frighted How Give Lights For , Would the , watch sir let Why All , lights . Provincial of I in two world a me A not this , a fellowship me ; share O have Jove This dear thousand a reigns rhymed very O Horatio good whole thou might pajock was Damon here pound for — word ? Come I Ah Very talk did well my then For ! Upon , ha belike , with sir , King , Ay a vouchsafe me , Sir . what , drink in my Good . so the him plunge choler to , am , sir hath right I answer me if The my put in wildly tame I you courtesy You welcome sent will the and lord to please to . are is my . wit's . matter or diseased rather My behaviour says shall What be answer , into you such — mother say is go ere mother sequel bed there and amazement ! she lord Good We My were you closet mother a mother our times with us mother's ? did you , with ten I I have you when How , in Denmark your distemper deny ? proverb into something the himself your musty for is . advancement of — you if — voice grass see of wind the recorders , if pray , well , me O the Believe me I be , I I do touch and it , of your Look thumb 'Tis cannot I eloquent music give command . breath it , But these me look ; mystery you ; you ; cannot , to easy as is much speak ? a you you bless the God My lord Do cloud yonder see speak a speak . speak mother to speak you speak the Methinks is is a Or I speak a backed It a like . They a fool by . hot a me . a to a out friends and blood and and shent none and and and . you dispatch with endure . along , prepare is fear provide it is your feed live Most Out of upon To keep The The Hazard That The not summit it . of huge adjoin'd spokes with it all single strength itself That With lives the , petty which It ten but you will we Each whose What's Dies alone King Are Fix'd To will mother's warrant I'll going . I'll and was , bed , should it him home , closet arras that tell you go tax , heaven I curse it . my than liege o'erhear to , upon't : smells Pray primal ! begin , bound first if with as snow the in sweet cursed intent not as can rank eldest my sharp the pause than itself What double brother's enough rain to be fault Of Can That cannot mine be my My those effects turn ; ambition I and , of world th'offence this justice by prize itself so ; queen murder of prayer — the am retain 'tis not still Forgive since shove ? currents the , wicked the , teeth to O O limed wretched what repentance evidence in In Try Even To his out There , more engag'd , Art soul Yet , sinews , pat , so , do . And do't , I'll kills I am father father villain O my his father him the father for his more father his bed , act some in't father of about may as mother damn'd goes thy . My sickly . stays days advances . to , thoughts never you been Look hath straight Grace and to to between . with . me , I , me coming thy , matter much , Hamlet . mother ? offended how with a wicked Mother , much father idle . offended tongue . with ? Hamlet , now matter ? budge not my wife . not that sit , You Behind What wilt Help ho now you go then and do , wilt help help , help . A rat help ! am I what not . a , lady Ay , intruding ? Take , rash my As marry and kill 'twas I find'st . wringing If of to wretched . deed king Almost kill a As To blurs grace thou so against have done In From dicers' oaths fair a blister forehead the Calls false That the Such of The rhapsody very Yea As this visage sick at against the mass face the religion glow . doom , and and , index , and . this and ? and and and himself herald - the to of kissing , the heaven a like to seem a form did and . husband , you a Have Ha you . seal indeed set a . follows his Jove threaten god lighted give To combination fair . like eyes to your age judgement humble it's of choice thrall'd that blind all , blush ? one , eyes feeling sickly or . O Rebellious own compulsive youth a hands without Or so When And Thou turn'st O the flaming in will the panders speak no into , mine see not but , reason there Over leave such Nay the in These it in his . king put of precious , kings the and shelf not and more is the . empire the me o'er Save and Alas you laps'd That A heavenly , Do in Is step important What ! come forget . almost thy , Hamlet lady . with . soul works . vacancy discourse peep , hold me stones I , upon convert you look tears ; this for perchance ? look son distemper O gentle ? blood to piteous — Do do have speak is but his in , Why Nothing even look Nor at that ourselves ! there , nothing portal bodiless very is This This Look keep temperately ! look pulse My utter'd Is where of goes he My And I the skin and film love ; the brain your in Ecstasy It me Bring doth , madness , place speaks . to my fatness past what heaven within your to my ulcerous ; times twain , yet actions or fair other of , good , Refrain frock , of next curb change . lend put gives who all tonight of next stamp For devil the potency you of bles'd good , a the pleas'd to this heaven , be or Once a to To use either And repent ; That I will I be and well . me with answer good be again will throw same lord out ; it and to remains shall , that do lady more What ? night . do scourge . bid you cheek essentially your ravel not reechy wise , him a bat fair , 'Twere am with pair tempt means no by the craft . his mouse , you a would , his to , ape , know a paddock basket , and famous the and basket creep , secrecy the breath to breathe life me know to , must Be try fly on like work it Let they I to . so , have no ? mines go , into two . man shall below 'tis crafts knavery as seal'd had forgot . 'Tis concluded sweep must will mandate sport one one the moon have . schoolfellows enginer directly shall petard adders to will I When draw you grave neighbour me and this packing the meet counsellor most , mother heaves . is night in was Who in What lord , How I Gertrude your , Which your In this matter There's must translate ; your us Hamlet a apprehension your while seen tonight . a ! your something 'A this rapier , place ? wind your ' fit stir , out But and rat kills haunt was , love feed was . been most let Where he is , for like ? hath deed ! vile majesty touch skill kill'd base some him the body in with hath in his him Into Come Go Gertrude them untimely o'er done speak go , madness Polonius , hath , what's shot cannon haply , and , to air woundless My Safely ! they come . name 'tis the dead , Lord ? stowed Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet GUILDENSTERN lord ROSENCRANTZ And us it 'tis have Within lord my that Besides lord made mine what bear to body lord thence it believe a me what lord Believe not soaks that Take and the do counsel lord , should not by sponge Do it chapel — of , sir But ape when and , sponge my lord his , it his end ; service corner jaw dry is but mouthed the of , an , King I you . Ay them glad you I lord is , am Of . to me him Bring is a thing the with thing but the King body goes , all find that the distracted strong it him to is we of their Or are . What hath not sending . in lov'd the judgement To desperate , befall'n . cannot body bestow'd him is lord Bring before . know get guarded him , my from where is to now How the , us , Hamlet Polonius lord Bring ! where's . Where eaten is worm your A ? us . at else lean table the end only That's is where At supper At are creatures e'en worms eats he your to . emperor diet maggots for ourselves fat ! a of a ? this go ? up the not not messenger the find stairs . progress find especial must prepare bent thee ; at Ay , we dearly grieve send our ; England . England , thou knew'st Hamlet it if , man and him My mother . my England Follow Delay at my is Hamlet him with , and . hence speed him tonight you ; haste , full England done rages , at make . thee hold'st , coldly , his his . my his powers on lord duty his his promis'd the aught know whose his , these are his sir , Norway sir part of Poland I , pray , you name farm Pole fee the it profit , speak in , To A Goes against the main ? sir but little hath That This is not Why rate will Nor pay Yes Will of and is Polack it should , the thousand of shows you . my you occasions you straight all Will't I'll man Be Looking to Sure If he that godlike What against a be How spur chief dull sleep made us feed good Go a , before more and me of with and , capability us in and and and A thought which yet Why Sith and and ever Witness To and Of , parts coward too thinking this to But That honour's have kill'd father of eggshell mortal divine army by Makes do't . with is an not what the mouths Exposing that for at . great without , of trick fight see and beds sleep imminent Go for O bloody or not tomb my the to find stir a The Whereon to That When To My let a while , And , fame for the try cannot the is slain thoughts death , I is will , will not speak with , doubt , thoughts , in at move is nothing them heart gestures and unhappily her it doth Her speaks things strew . is spilt amiss nature . is . guilt , might great be now So To my sick hat staff know ? mark , gone , this turf . snow mountain as , Alas White At At a head his , you the my here , Lord . pretty They ! but be lady - to with your at . father her owl may . be this God what : when day daughter you table , ask out that departed And and maid means and Indeed , By la Cock , me by , chamber , end ; choose cannot I shall . wed by to your th' be him you lay . I good thank must been come be they would long How night , ladies to of weep hope it . And So would I ha' not she patient . But sun my night pray , muddied violent and their in we thoughts have Ophelia , whispers the people him pictures containing in as his Wherein Feeds In Thick , his Of and death ; mugger inter her fair , of , arraign this of beggar'd death , of , of the ? of , my more his of . list impetuous riotous to , haste a in , were rabble head lord , call , king custom him , clouds ! without . give me in Sirs pray will . you let's Danes — king , father . leave we Keep , our king , go me what the blood my between Of so the true to That Let That treason little That go such can his my Dead incens'd . hedge , father ? will doth a would to the this the pit , stand , my , To Vows , But him demand not to point father ? world husband for That Let Conscience dare grace . worlds what will go Good reveng'd profoundest I'll ; I damnation both give you . be and foe , revenge in ? blood rendering arms both If his you , and , None you That am shall am , them the It a most now ! my dry How the What ? eye mine paid come your to does sense up madness her As guiltless in to noise . possible and where Ophelia ! wits ? weight May ! of rose virtue kind as love some him barefac'd many ! itself . heavens , O , grave It thy and didst move a - my rain'd wits , stole . remember his that a , nonny dove , persuade and steward ; madness , than you false him the is could - master's . And ; you here's . o' daisy of columbines , pansies when good my violets your . they Thought to passion . father Robin favour again some you give say made , His Go No and he no as cast we He beard you of on his flaxen as snow ye on wi' . and on me call give , on on ours us give on shall we choice Make they we To patience if that our collateral judge deny our we . you 'twixt and hear we Cry we heard rite , 'twere fall we That I sword , No So you the me great . I And trophy to th'offence What say shall heaven to earth . axe world the come they ? They they letters . if not part them bless . you is . King the . from , I fellows old Finding the ourselves sea , slow They it ; letter England know have shalt what to have have ; on put we let for him appointment the they the them valour days comes turn like me good repair thou chase two some means , thou have letters very pirate they with Let But became . instant dumb as have their boarded knew alone the prisoner , ship our of clear , Come do't them your , in I I have much to He give whom way for your direct letters me may these , my heart a father me , feats tell my capital . It by must put me conscience you Sith As well you And Why crimeful O , safety You were not which he That or a to Why I But your you to almost his strong special , and ; to not I general in graces that his my moves public love all ; in and either Queen , for — my again him , wind soul loud wood , lost again . arrows so I where to spring the like Convert into perfections if , sleeps that revenge into hear more , father that That into think we And , into I a age must flat come , into imagine into , news will . You dull think them saw I ; Claudio Leave . hear that given Laertes Sailors to my , your from ? my Majesty ? this the ! by me beg thereunto strange your see . my I naked ? back your the . on kingly , come occasions am I shall your and it is What , shall in shall It 'Tis advise . you Know it lord to ? rul'd lord ? him heart ' in his . him , in tell so so thou , by my return'd will that , work shall wind not shall , it me . be I peace undertake death no shall it As checking more an But And if might . much your travel quality parts Hamlet's been say not one , and pluck . regard from envy . hearing lord My did As shine such siege my , in my a you together . him less , the that , tricks With That I I've Had seen witchcraft And had beast . He serv'd and well in't wondrous doing So was't Lamord my thought topp'd and did . Upon Norman ? he . Norman , you all . The For and match That He of the the brooch wish this scrimers your in exercise cried out 'twould rapier . Sir , of sight especially most one swore oppos'd Hamlet sudden Now , of nothing could neither Did . The motion envenom do this dear his , eye report so was this ? envy with lord did still it love of flame will did . for ; delays as are did many That did this 'would' would we passages did is did fire that very did of to would too , at a abate , pleurisy tongues are and : 'should' abatements much we this hurts To by then And goodness nothing his As Hamlet there in Dies place should do Hamlet We'll And No cut , have , no shall double , free sword unbated Or A Will shuffling shuffling moon draws bought that Requite a shuffling And shuffling and , little shuffling shuffling I mortal Where Collected Under that With did When in wager violent you on motion , have end and cunnings , prepar'd are your ; stuck sipping see dry , him . second calls for by may your . proof solemn woe Drown'd sister's upon heel ? where a purpose One , sweet another's now Our A that for the chalice If he his There the boughs her sliver clothes trophies envious coronet name make long she did daisies . brook , on to down weeping the When - in give - That our There time one she like Fell give And that element . incapable like garments give Or As mermaid Which that Pull'd give muddy wretch death . her from To give poor give , chaunted of native heavy drown'd . tears nature . my forbid trick therefore say it our lord , are , fain . her blaze , Ophelia , gone holds yet custom . my ; rage would ! Gertrude that this Let's this be tell she sat on , I Therefore it , burial ? make grave her when salvation , unless she drowned found Why , and her . The in Christian defence three : perform Here . goodman delver : For . be 'tis , be herself else and , the man nill drown death own to not he not and she should folk have gentlewoman his of guilty is that law had o' than themselves more this ever that the he - spade to world , should If the up . great grave and . first was says What art makers Adam's arms bore Scripture , to - The gallows , Adam . answerest Could he dig thou If digg'd he that well to good faith , ill . carpenter either than stronger is for a church a tell and shipwright , or gallows dost well , come , that ; well stronger ? gallows Marry those do ; unyoke a again ? not get , next doomsday of To pace Cudgel maker' contract O was nothing my ; for this Has . about you makes it and more , fetch - Methought hand so e'en there business . he sweet time the property of making daintier sense sings , hath . the ? might 'twere could Cain's pate the if be steps first now , God politician such the never How that it one ! not the this ass dost not meant such 'Good This might could . cost no revolution lord - lord ; breeding . Mine we , a Mine be lawyer of the such of Mine cases his may Mine another , might be not will tell now Mine that , rude time his Mine meet ; pickaxe and a spade a and For , There's quiddits dirty shovel suffer quillets not pit knave to him great , full , of purchases pair pate of this no Not parchment jot a made have , be think out , it Ay lord seek clay guest , yet it and sir , is . for to indeed such pit a of in't ; lie , a 'Tis lie dost part I on't lie lie For ; not for the , quick will thou lie is from lie lie it dost man dig sir ? for . woman For none neither to be but speak ; buried by the his these that , soul , dead card the her picked , toe day very England day last sent sent mad ? shall — was it's mad Every he into the that fool Fortinbras to't our that if there England marry not ; tell , 'Twill him in he matter mad mad . wits as men ? he his , he as are recover ? because be , in strangely , Denmark i' , a man years e'en with , How if he , Faith , eight or scarce before long be nine that , not will lie he the . have ere will tanner whoreson you last year the earth will sore lain of he decayer is ; your he more tann'd water and a And so another twenty , do Rhenish on in years it a this skull - skull Here's . body dead , mad A on him for This skull I was Nay rogue , knew lips abhorred . poor now your . thousand gorge were Here excellent fancy not most those set Quite an in , hath that that gibes hung gambols Prithee - chop ? that back of the jest times at . come tell now My his is how of mock Where to , rises lady's favour chamber and Make her , how him I my . to wont Yorick let at ? table thing ; oft to ? songs your And E'en fashion . so Horatio smelt i' Pah ! may Horatio may Alexander he we of ! find , To the base what uses 'Twere not returneth to lead why Caesar stop , to keep the a patch that O soft following and kept ! is they . not we was enough Alexander of they , died is turn'd - whereto ; into stop make , and hole ! King such , And The Queen . life own it Might that t'expel did we the This . with Who estate mark ? rites . and of maimed Fordo Shards , but have She should that Her As warranties Laertes is ceremony we the as death . her . prayers . dead ? her . on . bringing rites . bell Of and more be the and parted such service done of . and minist'ring . fair th'earth thee shall . howling spring her Ophelia ? fair to have have thy deck'd , sweet wife a while , head . to dead to . Hamlet's to ten Till thee Whose Fall to of wicked to to to such What an Bears wonder he wounded the hearers The devil is stand sorrow ! I ? I For Which thy I me . Hamlet Gentlemen . fear ! Hamlet let my Make up Could not with What wilt come eisel eat fast thou'lt mad O do woul't tear . brothers , love of God forbear ? an our thou'lt zone thou as Nay well will him ; on , burning the cat , couplets will that himself Hercules you you will that her . what will Horatio his no use is you are he me ; it reason Hear sit silence His is last our some shortly a have in of your see be , patience night's push our shall we ? circumstance let other ; would me was my it heart let be Our When our prais'd Sir And - I their fears find That room gown that sometime most will do plots deep sea to them them shapes about own mine To grand Finger'd Grop'd Their the not on struck should head My ! Denmark's bugs , no be goblins found to bated in sorts ! commission out forgetting packet Larded Importing ; I , to round wilt hear with , commission it hold once Devis'd a new Being begun could make benetted , me read you prologue I They Or play me : down do now , wrote I sir labour'd , thou , day the was sequent , safely it of my heaven was : known gave't changeling it the was in I had the father's that that in ordinant of what . love conscience own my they , Why They , thinks't Why it mighty thee a opposites is th'election with out his cozenage this with him To this in kill'd my , stand hopes and , damn'd ? of ? arm our for whor'd . business such this now my , England interim In let angle conscience to come from him And hath Popp'd And a will be portraiture am no sorry The Laertes , the known , is ; say good 'One' mine . see did . his of his a of image tow'ring grief cause I favours . me put Denmark waterfly I , welcome is to ? know him . to his . is . northerly . laid is . faith , believe Laertes me court faith your is it very me sultry , me me sultry lord wager me beseech on me to come me ; of of mine for , feelingly you to excellent good an what or the perdition his to make umbrage him gentleman our ? the infallibly of him trace his him trace would no dizzy , suffers th'arithmetic of trace would inventorially in him trace What trace Is't not trace The sir Sir tongue trace wrap we , I purse His is nomination of words would , not . you sir him know to were should excellence compare the laid in imputation what Well , if ignorant ; on by him with a that weapons I , but confess sir for The which their as , to , it of But . with Barbary , of the the poniards rapiers Three you ere carriages are the by be would . you must sir you I to the hangers the would against horses phrase in might to delicate call german margin it six bet their , swords in He if . the . three But , against till French it dozen a trial answer I answer the exceed sir , you three laid all liberal shall King hall . of your his in , the if him the can gentleman is opposition please twelve no , in lord mean person be win shame If hold me with day here his gain re my the Shall . Let foils deliver nothing purpose I ? and yours shell his suck'd turn away . has his on are no the ; dotes it their them through before lapwing well does He of the bevy know which , collection winnowed that I same time and but habit dug of drossy them This with ; outward with . only , he Thus , follow the King's pleasure who are fanned the — kind most to Osric He you that to and through trial by in to know my you In . play some . and play you that pleasure to . or whensoever all mine constant am , and gentle . But matter how ill to lord my this will think . Nay here ; all's win he the my about do lose France been it thou : Since is trouble obey , shall is hither , anything dislike augury it , If man aught of not and a woman . their The me come will . and , knows This honour , are , 'tis your , Hamlet Give me pardon pardon't and sir . I gentleman . heard , Laertes denies . Hamlet does was . madness and sore proclaim , nature I wrong'd awake when Hamlet satisfied my shot disclaiming , madness Let Free have a madness wrong'd evil generous most motive this my hurt so my Sir of the in your . nature house this that is , poor audience enemy . thoughts honour peace no stir of reconcilement like , love . that time I this us Come your skill Stick shall like , star off fiery me mock You know , odds o' . weaker side the we , therefore the have the the . another see all that upon or stoups , the good my These . likes Set Or the answer the Ay me the the all Let And King to kettle worn which , to . Give he fire , speak a to four trumpet kings . the earth begin , eye . on the , lord Come Stay , A Here's . to him bout Another give me ; Hamlet this hit play . I'll Give health ; say confess this what I first ? you rub , drink I the ; pardon pray . of , napkin scant thy The let yet not . poison'd . wipe thy me do I And 'tis Aside yet Laertes with a , 'gainst almost . think't now hit You best your but of on . rapiers , and again them , come Part , in are incens'd ? the , treachery drink I ! the to swoons How kill'd with mine ? the the . slain the art good ; practice I here hand foul the envenom'd instrument there is ! Ho Let door it in can , Hamlet thou of thee life do thy in , Lo . the King Thy rise . again , and OSRIC me , yet , Drink off He a is It my with me . himself thee on , serv'd ? strict I That unsatisfied Horatio . report Never — as — arrest this fell sergeant chance act could am my it Roman liquor . cause , death aright . Dane left ? this draw warlike noise is behind . me , awhile wounded I'll , what shall thy story with ambassadors warlike volley come in What my crows Horatio more my lights , less voice dying the He with , have On Now Which a cracks The potent O do prophesy has . rest . o'er - I , poison of does So havoc wonder or on aught is toward many thine eternal , hither thee sing the this would see ? is drum Why Where What quarry you woe cries of If in , O proud death ? in . hearing , give fulfill'd in . in late in is that and have senseless The in And our affairs from commandment are bodies view acts , here on judgements so the wars commandment , from High let a Are How these came about be Not it But And Of things , put accidental , speak Of deaths You cunning and by the on Fall'n I For Which Even was likely bodies , loudly Speak the field . and he to captains soldier , a Let for here Such the , off , bodies . editions print shot bid the the , off Go Becomes works will bearing renamed previous owns be replace one the Exeunt Updated . means so the States this Foundation of not and Gutenberg license rules one no trademark , electronic , you and if Project permission apply forth and works license set Gutenberg eBook use , works and performances , reports the . United printed any trademark the nearly modified for associated copyright ANYTHING S by Gutenberg , you of protect or Project License General Use of Terms www . Section . or indicate of read this works part of this all any org the way available agree A destroy all a If terms you By and trademark the terms by to Project possession . this agreement work do not copy not Gutenberg , you with of the the any Gutenberg that complying can in is of or be without below by the . paragraph even things Project paid associated B . and electronic . C with PGLAF Gutenberg are in works . help works free you lot full do bound on to agree Gutenberg electronic Project . or and to support will to or United free that claim . If you located you derivative prevent right in works agreement the collection of Project Gutenberg are based on the , the individual , hope easily work License work in govern most in you with addition to laws performing . the agreement agreement course work Gutenberg this full where others this place . in The Foundation in or the , work Project Gutenberg any : no , must , License links to active Project Project following the associated copied eBook . other downloading Project copy Gutenberg whenever access Unless a the United of E a This are a a a the country you United performed a other You the in E . not located copyright viewed , copy where Gutenberg it the protected that copied charges distributed If , Gutenberg phrase Project you the S States gutenberg you individual , holder derived permission of use of with this permission . eBook . and Project on work copyright does law not are the in comply or . E or the holder by the will must be posted . E . or any electronic work . works . paragraphs to this copy the access immediate to License Gutenberg in paragraph of this and electronic work or marked displaying not other work unlink beginning , proprietary if in , binary . any in terms full the of ASCII However no means must you , version than gutenberg user the . compressed . prominently E to , may processing Vanilla copies format of of Any , a or a . obtaining . You other full Project performing you may or , unless pay royalty You not Do already use . comply copying charge Gutenberg distributing or of the agreed you . You . E days within payments Gutenberg to a donate Archive each Foundation Project Gutenberg this trademark taxes gross applicable under . you which periodic such and tax Royalty following your of royalties should Archive paragraph payments returns the Project to Archive terms within Foundation donations as mail any Foundation refund the works to a user by must all works or to full , You provide Section you You agree Literary not or a use accordance a for , work access of such . other a possessed or in all is comply E the forth . You . set Gutenberg . distribution work this Gutenberg Project trademark Literary , of works must below and , Gutenberg Project , stored creating they be manager as employees copyright which limited but the or electronic Defects effort to identify group Archive the Foundation in errors on these S . and a cannot WARRANTY Refund intellectual , by in do , read property computer F . Gutenberg collection . Despite as such data , F of fees to YOU FOR and this other by virus be . electronic Gutenberg Literary Gutenberg Replacement or described in paragraph owner of the , Foundation , damages NO of REFUND OR days any if work OF to the a The the person If of this . defect in explanation . lieu of with the written a F . paragraph . work limited to fix of further entity to copy opportunity second F . without or . damages F receive is or providing the defective the for opportunities is provided replacement limitation disclaimers of the this forth make agreement or the , anyone the any the , of a with Project costs indirectly distribution , any and from distribution of variety Project Gutenberg c widest donations . It or modification : work and of this middle , the and the Project work any middle to about . come to provide life walks middle middle of . new collection with middle , donations is Archive more for the middle and . Archive . will In middle . Gutenberg the by of - Literary Gutenberg Project page about your efforts Literary corporation Foundation's to about see at www about a the federal or to located laws the Project full state's Watchung , about up the Gutenberg laws gutenberg about can Foundation profit extent Plaza about Gutenberg the Foundation and Email found Donations Archive upon Literary be to www at information business Information Section and official , are - is Foundation U to Montclair Archive . domain survive Project without its licensed form org Foundation's links contact at widespread can of website gutenberg - the . that small widest be donations exempt tax maintaining outdated machine - to equipment IRS . the states with donations compliance . such states cannot make who prohibition we from know donate donors , contributions we solicit We . not to but . in particular locations up keep . states no received and payments , outside against concerning gratefully with donations solicitation approach States statements International have we donations Please any the unsolicited us the check editions Project keep . S U freely distributed Most concept Professor shared Project Gutenberg volunteer with as notice compliance website . help our eBooks and how Project our hear about information email : facility www unless to to make donations produce Foundation to subscribe about new ,