yourself unfold and Stand hour Stand . Stand , struck You He carefully Stand your Francisco Stand Stand Stand . to bitter night watch Not , good Horatio , my meet stirring guard at If rivals The Have Well had ? a , bid . ground is . Dane ? there this the hath . soldier Holla , Give , of Horatio him there ? you Welcome thing I good , appear'd . this , have but belief let says not sight the along come speak of hold take twice of this our . it . tonight , this to , 'twill not story , our nights we sit your ears . the of part from westward of speak against seen , us star Last his Where made course t'illume Marcellus that's dead . Horatio . Horatio it speak to Mark it night ? me It . be and of heaven majesty the which See , offended . charge , charge . I away speak . speak ! will ! What my now , think I sensible eyes King thyself thou sledded 'Tis jump gone by stalk I this when th'ambitious Norway once , Polacks on in angry . that the of why this So Why nightly such divide - Sunday not make Doth impress land ; sore haste the , last us King sweaty task the with day : is't joint , that so Fortinbras to valiant esteem'd him , lands his , who by ratified side you know , by in a our ; so slay this whisper Whose , least , Thereto His Which he Against Had skirts food to fell Hath And he To For Was gaged by the inheritance vanquisher the That As to recover main motive our this of Well watch the through may post compulsatory terms think his And father the this armed Comes Of it was is source The haste portentous but question eye Rome fell so ere gibber fire most with little The I it Have Was even As But I'll cross Unto prologue harbingers almost and climatures behold If whose Upon sick and it events fates coming omen , to fate , death in ! illusion speak life walk speak Marcellus , I speak Speak If speak O uphoarded country's speak ? thy speak ! and . it strike 'Tis here ! speak gone here violence the malicious , air vain as cock guilty like when the fearful that The the with Awake sea god his , then blows of the have the at spirit . the of And present Th'extravagant in Upon and To Whether It And The fairy , birth 'gainst the in ; fire . say crowing then The Some crowing they Wherein This ever that our his confine crowing the season celebrated all crowing crowing comes ; crowing . time crowing , charm to the part in russet seen my by up morn do in yon , and dew our young watch the spirit This Let you Unto , consent we loves , shall fitting our morning Attendant brother's it dear , one in in discretion , of on fought sister , joy , nature ; that our and green , contracted far with wisest sometime jointress auspicious 'twere with we Yet To With scale ; you For which with and eye , out of of with all . for and valiant us dear , writ rid Fortinbras suppress dispatch all the to scarcely meeting for law , purpose full this Giving Farewell ; and CORNELIUS that In let your King no , subject gait his and of to Cornelius and articles the what's and dilated you with , your duty will of speak suit of What wouldst nothing Laertes doubt these the , native instrumental more head throne of my be is Than voice not You , We farewell ? Laertes , it told cannot now You The show wishes in favour though and France , coronation I willingly my must again that your duty whence I hath bow them thoughts My your father's And Have By Upon will I wrung , petition you hour Laertes give thy now . is A And than , my spend him time thy at hard consent be , Aside , my little best fair thy Not let that cousin Hamlet and less hang nighted thy the , cast 'tis Ay Seek not eye ever , madam If it through thy for for all that lives die . Denmark like with father Passing not ! my customary Nor madam 'Tis Nor suits solemn forc'd , eye , they with moods , of the of I know , seems the shows These forms all suspiration inky not breath black good thee ? mother , haviour , that me the , windy dejected commendable For must , But your his , condolement obsequious filial 'Tis most obstinate mind In For know we the heart ? against to fault To death first fathers most corse ' the From 'This You are with father unprevailing . so dead , absurd who whose still died throw of hath let less father For school to eye son . to , and you , bend of prayers with all 'tis , a ourself as pray is thee in Our not stay shall Let I I Why Be And the But Re and too would fix'd God and ! nature ! O unprofitable this , to ! this an , world and that beteem roughly not might if a — That it not loving Why ; on't month , followed Frailty those Why my — father's name a mine , beast fed As too I Must face she hang , within thy poor that the left I yet mourn'd A God father's O ! tears — Within of no wants discourse more of wicked it of to cannot for your of ! you forget myself of her must incestuous speed sheets to of , of come heart glad my poor see Hail am Horatio change Sir And see not what Nor shall you your you make — lord good My very disposition in ? Wittenberg lord good Good — sir , from that . violence follow'd it think Indeed it hard student . fellow - wedding depart are no upon . Horatio forth dearest the see . meats mother's tables funeral my lord , father foe ! day furnish thrift , Horatio ? all . him I Who the The Season , I upon him he a goodly ! while of may This ear admiration an the for a you till father had and , A , cap father , oppress'd with , eyes march solemn : them - pie they secrecy speak dreadful them they night impart not whilst and the dead Marcellus point them to Stand And I with they . are hands of , These The apparition third - with he , This to . time me , watch . father and in , lord not none it you lord made answer Did speak it ? once did would loud speak ; did : cock haste . yet , up platform was to the , Itself But lifted in our . crew My as true our 'tis me ? my say BARNARDO tonight this of lord in down very did think my writ strange , troubles duty but watch and do Hold indeed my to head toe Arm'd , We Arm'd , top From saw lord My Then , sorrow from , yes O he look'd , not face . in ? wore lord What more Pale , his constantly been amaz'd red While moderate , longer . tell there ? Stay'd like haste have sable I one Very like , very and when His I saw't . a hundred . again you my , sight this hitherto It was watch it walk 'twill assume my hap but . loves your the an I'll duty visit you and . mine requite platform to to you not honour All ! arms : in foul would my is . were eyes ! night , do . me convoy , I the will well foul o'erwhelm hear the winds sleep . benefit , assistant necessaries , the you is fashion youth and the No No and permanent a Hamlet For bulk Think And greatness For The If Then weigh what loss heart his , danger you Ophelia To too give As the the voice his in Whereof Fear And canker before be of is shot maid fear your keep of The If though . fear of . moon enough dear . of rear the the it liquid this But good my else safety are the and Out chariest The oft the then wary watchman shall my as like the And me Show long is of puff'd his reckless treads . and not own and steep Himself th'effect heart ungracious thorny path Do I As not , heaven , do pastors a primrose recks to libertine . me fear But here leave your thy stay'd are Nor these for . friends any familiar thou Those And here sits . their hoops tried steel entertainment . comrade means vulgar , Laertes in wind ? Aboard few unto to th'opposed censure may hatch'd thy soul thy a thine , but can buy : the : judgement thy . that true lender a edge the both itself and nor in fancy oft ; purse thy best chief in of self loses borrower a Neither And This The Most , Ophelia , said well . lock'd Farewell please Marry , you and oft very hath to been free most , way — caution put of — yourself daughter of as something well the Lord and on must so I 'tis your tell , bounteous yourself : he so be that You behoves not understand ; and me . the up me Give ! Of speak affection You you wind hath importun'd fashion honourable me me a , these my baby think . phrase . dearly poor the . of Tender go . Hamlet ; walk Ophelia , investments , for is for ; which sanctified slander the Lord . Hamlet ; come lord my you shrewdly any moment leisure . twelve draws . held No ? Indeed Wherein What doth the it now hour What think I King The Keeps The - drains And Is in - headed breach the , Ay born revel perform'd attribute . are of chances vicious wherein they his forts and some in at it indeed and to And More Makes They our This mole That pith and clepe us drunkards , and our pales , too much these defect , mole them guilty takes ; o'erleavens , as , undergo censure mole — be they as take dram of mole mole Being Nature's plausive habit the of , mole , complexion that I by down Fortune's Angels , my health of fault own goblin or of from airs thy Be Bring lord Look That King wicked thou Be com'st to wicked canoniz'd , thee in wicked wicked or questionable or wicked tell answer shape from , call in the quietly ; why marble wicked me ! jaws , sepulchre death but such will , wicked thou Revisit'st That So thoughts is , With Say if It some To to it with of our of ? why ? our moon , do we . alone removed ground action courteous it go fee , follow it pin's . will with my be immortal again flood . it lord ; fear . it follow I , form , brain desperation Think sovereignty your into puts , fathoms to ? there beetles And to it What tempt And Which so motive roar me , on That more Without not shall Go every horrible nerve . this lion's Unhand am makes hardy petty ; As make ! a desperate away Go on of , I'll . me ghost imagination come will this . him obey ? Denmark I'll further no , Mark . is but ! render , ghost serious bound Pity So art Speak , I I poor , when What what thou am to am a to term crimes purg'd tale ; like Would harrow I Make And thy ears his foul — love strange wings , the , best unnatural is as ; the hear Hamlet the Now sleeping , this . be find May That 'Tis Wouldst A serpent by stung abus'd that that my prophetic uncle Mine wears sting know , won gifts that ! soul father's thou process of serpent that - adulterate traitorous my of wit of , his wit and to will So wicked , most me made of lewdness , Will And itself in virtue To those mine So lust Though But custom always in scent Sleeping let My Upon juice leperous the The as quicksilver such The Most The reckoning horrible Unhous'led all hast nature the ! O made , howsoever couch A not Against Taint thy to prick And The not bed ! bear Denmark incest act thy her let nor ; leave be near lodge well her in thorns her shows and on my horrible ; fie O , distracted ghost me my hell host I And poor ? And And , Ay all shall couple , sinews , Remember records pressures ; brain shall , in be ; word to remember Now a villain down it and so may be it and , smile uncle 'Adieu sure is I set . my Lord secure . My HORATIO I . have and be it ! bird ! lord my ho boy ho Come . it . heaven . reveal — grave this , no us i' poor , my , desire and own go pray . here , Horatio . tonight , soldiers friends . swear't will . seen . not already . Swear . Come ha , Propose you , boy so thou sayst speak on Art in . seen . ground . heard my gentlemen . my , Come et my this by And Never lay hither by your speak Swear Beneath mole , pioner night things in a but wondrous welcome . Horatio , But mercy — is give and this strange , meet - shake we phrase and you most your Swear at , love I spirit a do of ambiguous ; by , As That to aught So God Nay I , set joint let's it spite is in pray . O go you , good , wisely my lord , inquiry Look me , said Reynaldo , his you visit , lord very what come knowledge this and know some , son you may son say wild son him ; 'not on put son take heed that son slips son son of and , most and noted and my lord ' known usual ; so ' well very he's ' ' that season ' , lord must him far , ' dishonour faults , mind , so ; of incontinency but his fiery blood of taints quaintly liberty general good unreclaimed Of my But Marry , sir it a him the so with breathe in or ' or ; prenominate , you soil'd sullies little you guilty consequence this , and ; you thing a 'twere As Your 'Good Of to — And By At 'closes What was I or 'closes with in 'friend say good , lord about say so , or such there , 'I ; and say day ' does say say ? I say say say , perchance , as sale' now ; house a and directions and advice of assays out of we wisdom . me well . lord now How lord , my yourself . music matter the what's been , in what I in was my Ophelia , lord , have With his To Mad he with As I What lord not he ? thy , purport me thus perusal he face brow arm hard my of said , My know all his I truly do fear it . arm mine and up so a seem sigh thus . hand Long it little draw would his head being to And , Whose with the violent me is And This to did the Come leads As does What hath with I fear'd But thee . quoted him is to meant sorry that repel his made access as ourselves common . Come is beyond for the in beshrew my proper he age jealousy our and but heed our to we go kept to hate being . provoke heard be , man , him humour you both put , with , you to use I so What nor have call should court it I . to to from our by so , time on rest brought entreat our companies your here and , glean . hath two adheres much your us , am the Your visitation . shall As sure Good To whom I . so time of into command . We Put To . up . Than the majesties . thanks remembrance your us the your at , feet full Guildenstern . you some to gentle instantly Go and and commanded you , Thanks presence My presence still presence lord ? the as presence my presence And I Hunts think presence not hath it cause of very us'd — The the and you father hold Assure good : of brain King , fruit feast ; fruit . hear long fruit in them th'ambassadors that sweet other all of it fruit His Say fruit fruit His be To ; sickness was It To falsely which uncle and brief , fine Majesty joy your more . annual with , fee pass enterprise this please might your such As likes are well down and allowance we'll of ; us more And we rest our Answer entreaty liege thank , It this well to My should , majesty together labour we'll your at welcome is for night consider'd time read , is and , is time mad noble the ; be . waste night madam , time time . but else to that true define ended . duty , art foolish swear Mad is he let , it us we That But let less no 'tis art ; effect now figure , art this of . this defect . she cause surmise Perpend mark , beautified her will be shall . hear ; phrase awhile love am But Doubt Doubt But that this ; the a , faithful numbers these dear truth never , best , and , solicitings O , how All obedience hath whilst most above , his love daughter , out What a seen love that wing faithful of ear means by so this , told daughter Majesty desk book think , table the might you the honourable do As I hot might tell what me this ? look'd Or might think heart my my perceiv'd it fain had your queen with love a mistress thus , As And not she This Or If Which Thence he Thence done , a the wail wherein and a receive from no of my I , messengers , short a fast , ' know ''Tis so . for now we you this from this know . find . him . he he and be me We , presently I the encounter . behind an love her then and carters a . it wretch comes for . my ? leave me both Hamlet give . Lord good do does my board him , know a lord my you Then sir , sun walk Conception daughter not How me not her For i' , my Still but Still as Still to't is . who Still men Still lord my gone ; love for you What much Still again matter , read my . lord am I have purging wit have thick , powerfully down you in't pregnant reason him leave . madness air often that out , sir , yet , Will A not contrive , except , my life Fare You My , God the seek Polonius To You go to My ; Hamlet My excellent in Happy good friends ! honoured lord how dost most . How My thou lads Good , indifferent cap Fortune's As secret Nor Then the , of lord the that but your news But . What . doomsday waist privates most have Fortune , O the good you hands more . she grown world's sends is true deserved Let me hither . one question dungeons and . confines world prison my my lord ? th' o' many the Then . worst , is bounded it being good your a or for , wards one lord nothing narrow , I dream of light shadow a ambition hold A is the ambition of is that makes your infinite be in it , ambitious shadow so of dreams ? that very for the . for But make I , my no lord friendship , am of poor in Is ; but I visitation speak , a it come Come , Is it your of to know your in confession should the purpose , have craft there not and lord ; your What But teach love be , what what Nay what why you tell your will what and late what to what . I ; King indeed the the , it , and and the canopy know wherefore ; secrecy were for with a my mirth , you me heavily foul noble express how a look me roof fretted golden seems , And how a to me god , me seem , nor . say to you smiling was , how , not stuff said 'Man from coming . delight his Majesty , coted welcome use lungs shall end foil his target and ; th' shall . the Lenten me' ? entertainment on service them the you man have ; tragedians shall sere of and late . both innovation the in Are ways both residence , city I ? grow rusty there that the them scarce ? they These call and for't — goose longer to against better they than eyases that cry clapped grow to been to them means should so quills themselves Who quality if if controversy do both There — no was went to . of ; while , no money the holds a about it carry much throwing . apiece Let players Your players the more you is Gentlemen , are welcome should to . the out . could philosophy comply . hands . Elsinore welcome my lest outward fairly garb welcome are this , baby second Happily you comes for tell twice they , to right prophesy he's you he to morning ; of his clouts old You is man say . them That indeed . Mark it . Rome you me a : My actors The lord come tell , came the - cannot heavy - comical and be each , poem or - historical he lord my had nor scene , comedy individable too only Plautus are thou ? and The of . law daughter Aside . loved ' the for what more O — no passing Why , fair , right lord then well , daughter Jephthah th' my , have ? you call Nay As chanson will I Thy face ? nearer your my all look my lord . it , more friend welcome It and , lot row first The and last . heard thee , for once caviare not to judgements whose well I remember cunning . one nor play , the see of by , no of chiefly loved . he begin where affectation but more Aeneas' it in than set sallets with pleased never was it but in were . One the to it in me , If and , speech wholesome as make might thereabout live in as that in as it , and an , the honest an method handsome there said tale Priam's , Dido speaks 'Twas it line this dismal With dismal dismal dismal , dismal at Greeks . sword , dismal strikes where dismal wide , match'd Unequal , him finds . antique , and , sword top flaming crash sword his a senseless Ilium ; head . stand some the , speechless heavens winds Aroused A like , declining Priam a storm to Pyrrhus stood will his nothing against . rack , often in bold The And never vengeance the rend With did , falls armour the out In all Hecuba is . Prithee sleeps . say bawdry , beard tale of to queen' 'The Run With good the bisson late About But Unless instant things turn'd you , his not has have . well , where , made have players the bestowed well have you them better will report were , well used ; will see they are you death I Come , is the him My less is ? much . thou is should they is 'scape deserve is hear Dost is Ay friend old would would tomorrow lines night would You I you , would I'll would , would would wan'd conceit own function for , he ? For to voice from force not it , O a That Hecuba Hecuba dull - very and faculties Hecuba Confound A John And Hecuba say whose nothing . Hecuba No , and and . rascal and Hecuba and , made dreams - eyes , ear unpregnant ears my , horrid ; this th' be this villain villain kindless father hell murder'd most words , heard , play a of cunning sitting Fie cursing , am I ! dear unpack like ! a brain have the that , I revenge of by a my a guilty by Have For With Play tent Been the , Must And About A scullion have organ have the at soul spirit The Before know I I'll mine uncle . pleasing spirits , seen ; father murder . the , of he to the If he but perhaps melancholy play's the the grounds circumstance drift puts this . thing King can And we him will feels dangerous be sounded confession , him a cause with But Nor from what find would do does Of we , free in forcing any to him it Did you so assay demands that Of about him of . Majesties me order kind are They play most and This hear heart 'Tis he ; and a on so to , content may hither here him drive We That father have Gertrude as closely For his for love he judge , is part good That Will Of Hamlet's for To your thus he suffers so : him , I And I your wildness to beauties Ophelia , hope , blame devotion's visage this this you , please Gracious wish it art , to may colour . 'tis O loneliness Your 'Tis too I be a arrows slings The Than smart How deed , harlot's not O more Let's burden my to , that , hear coming Whether opposing wish'd the natural a To to and a against take ache perchance For To we have of dream — what to . to say consummation shocks , of die , death sleep thousand 'tis and ? bear us shuffled give That ? wrong , pause calamity the ? the the scorns of contumely delay ? time , unworthy man's proud , love office The a With who oppressor's of insolence patient When under would his the The For The conscience does to No The the undiscover'd that To But all my name And sicklied And Than Thus And thus traveller makes enterprises lose How thank your , of , I honour sins long - sins to receive ? sins well . sins for humbly have sins longed you lord I this sins remembrances well I gave I you . you compos'd , re well . pray so for to ; sweet their rich them never you No , did words of . lordship your , should lord ? honest My What truly , That beauty my Could , Ay his what we me ; deceived a could borne offences accuse me I than very ? things proud have time earth between , I and to to , the heavens plague ! Be . fool nowhere but ways calumny marry . him ! Farewell wilt shalt , Or well farewell as thee that , him dowry escape of them you , say you I and amble but you hath mad , a . are To married hath and jig , they is , scholar's it , Those that nunnery sword ! your all keep creatures another , and yourselves make face will The have , to Th'observ'd courtier's the rest state down ! quite , and rose , fair mould of , what , O a noble soldier's of ladies most glass I And see all fashion of Like That Blasted what spake I and the , prevent see tend not to determination shall down it which like ? Love Was His seen And Will matter and demand the Haply the variable his himself something With settled . thus on't believe his grief do tribute different puts our neglected still brains do of objects of countries shall , heart How , all mother , so please her fit lord love origin ? you Hamlet now . be you find think him the , where she confine . him If ; best must so not . not ear grief Your or , with round players do not gently . Madness the the tongue , I robustious may a rags split the part very hear that give of capable are have a periwig you it my thus to , hand your beget to temperance , to Herod - the . crier as - say lines , but - Nor all - avoid . a offends - very torrent must tear for you whipped nothing - fellow . own the , now and - Suit Be too action overdone show is not body , to grieve ; though was from the purpose of to . o'erdoing Termagant both mirror end nature , for the word playing hold time the of . O her as the the , you to that her of heard a seen o'erweigh , profanely the observance the so censure make his and is the whole the feature the well nor others pagan play , Christian the — it the praise , the others the men abominably the and and Christians of have , there man they reform'd . is , hope too to villainous How it . question of that . the fool that uses That's that them some some meantime considered though be laugh reform O than the on . shows ? of . haste this , of you most ready pitiful the a Go you GUILDENSTERN make and , that ? presently to help will my the And Bid the ? lord cop'd a service just man as do , revenue no was pregnant tongue hinges , For the the soul herself . thee my thrift crook Since Where dear her election , those are - mingled nothing hear thou been finger blessed And . are equal for that thou , all and with man in could And suffering blood Hast , what core thee is do There when with a I Which not is my And unkennel If . uncle mine Observe a he detecting , Polonius , idle be , lord my whilst the you Enter , must will pay . Hamlet . you , I have mine now . enact a was accounted ? players lord to him No , good , O ! they dear Hamlet metal you sit that by me attractive lap more do . lap you think Do my No your country my lord my , Nothing to my lord matters my my . my , my my What a fair thought ? lord lord man are You mother my - only how ! two , black , not half he forgotten I'll a shall 'For ' ; of neck makes and declines King a She exits takes and , The The action her woos lament with loth his accepts dead three finds . lovingly protestation him Anon in carried unwilling means it lord . comes Mutes mischief . they'll ? ashamed to show all all cannot meant all all all . posy the , you you'll that all show any or As thirty Full wash Unite the our And About love Neptune's world many journeys love moon and , from the most again you cheer Make dozen hath gone borrow'd with cart thirties our bands sun in Hymen twelve sacred , you o'er count Yet and my and , are ere be of , your . it love or proof siz'd the great to my hath holds , live belov'd O Such In None love wed second must Honour'd second second time I respects When the determine do but validity : is forget mellow we . of love the ourselves the grief , strange to change , a lack . friend his enemy begun , hollow needs want seasons to and our Our That ours still thy wilt , their ends second heaven lock repose to die thy To think wills Directly But So thou thoughts I . it now . here sleep fain leave break destroy strife sworn My To . If she should beguile , you like how in jest ; play no word ? there Is poison ? piece free the Duke's call you the she'll but , have lord are but his play Tropically the , jest but do murder shall anon we This You between interpret are one Vienna Marry . see , You It majesty and good chorus , off . worse raven murderer . husbands are cost . Begin a Confederate mixture the , better Still my lord , you take Pox , damnable , agreeing time shall Gonzago dire , weeds and blasted drugs of else midnight thrice property name's seeing creature , how see him poisons is with false ? play . the rest players cry a the two away with , sir must watch in fellowship me a ungalled strucken deer some the go , feathers runs ; of . reigns Didst for . Damon was , a . word not . Come him poisoning pound , comedy not it the . like very did Ah Come the Come Why Good his retirement drink him a with Sir in my With him some perhaps this the plunge signify not so would and . pronounce sir to are me your not to The Queen please my this not of the , my I . commandment , a courtesy and answer business pardon but this heels you can times mother . you admiration But her into a hath mother's her ? you . love did she were still lord my Good And My that How , I Sir own your of distemper lack advancement have grass To — bold love upon , play Will too as the me wind Let recover recorders . my if I my lord O do that pray , cannot unmannerly ? you and lord . most finger your you , I any . with discourse have it , will . and are harmony of note , you out this in of utterance skill . you my Call ? sound than you excellent thing my me music speak , cannot me . play you sir . lowest you 'Sblood instrument speak make what would Queen the a like like that's bless me fret Do yonder My to will — say will easily me fool by — like a whale like Or quake to And , lose not do heart bent will come I . churchyards now is I bitter enter cruel daggers and be soul shent my , she be let my day hot breathes I now nature , but . in , prepare with us consent , in this somever in . in in in you , you endure grow . your he The The the itself of That That and those will We The Dies mortis'd Each Attends the , but sigh ruin petty Never to you with when highest a It the things , falls , alone general speedy ; voyage upon closet him tax was than bed my home , said should well , liege to smells upon't not I curse it lord upon know business defeats a guilt inclination brother's A , And both than Though man this brother's , serves the Whereto snow visage ? offence of this come the to in not in neglect . where to my I What itself in enough if forestalled for own pardon'd ambition I of retain and mine Offence's crown Of May one the hand 'tis seen . But the wicked itself , justice this , and still form to up of ! currents — queen my ? world currents currents currents , currents born currents babe . assay can What Help , as All may ; that the new - strings be as black with cannot it then ! goes is of angels , soul state O bosom Make to praying he . be pat it . bed his in And hent , And . And , And heaven black and kick damn'd as may in't a And his And . heaven days stays . remain . thoughts , with broad been to e'en Fear me mother round . be screen'd and not coming offended what's father with come Mother , I'll mother have , Go you my you the . tongue much , answer an idle , now ? What's Have , now matter to are brother's husband's . You that , you up glass . set you down ? do ho help ! shall not , help wilt murder , you me ! for What What . Behind How now Dead Nay , me , not . thou I know rash a deed . Almost as bad good his is , intruding 'twas . some sit , down , I for thou that so so sense it ? me braz'd against stuff ; shall . wag dar'st rose oaths oaths act against compound face mass , glow , oaths , what and oaths act oaths , oaths oaths , picture , brow himself picture picture what mildew'd ear . picture picture picture Look . Look you to have at tame ? Look ne'er would judgement to this step Look To Look Would you apoplex'd to difference hoodman - Look without sight devil motion , blind thrall'd motion choice true sans all , motion motion ? motion thy where ! sickly eyes cozen'd a motion was ecstacy it reserv'd such serve thus hath a but hands feeling , in a as smelling shame , burn leave leave leave the part villain mine leave sty nasty to twentieth O Nay the leave of from your the a rule leave tithe , kings stole No A king Save A No more sweet ; would What That You me patches with me ! guards Conceit look is it bodies This ! your your O . chide to . hold eye your the life soldiers spirits is't you on in in discourse vacancy ? to , distemper Whereon how action , you you pale . O eyes , And bedded Sprinkle the and On My Do all ; see I there blood to perchance convert ? all that hear ? away ! portal liv'd the brain how nothing there in even very of now goes Is This bodiless very I My And And gambol flattering unction - will . It to word music Bring . re me temperately . heaven all to is on , weeds my the this must these me unseen rank skin your but Lay That the not Mother and , mining my madness your to compost Forgive of vice leave my part of . good beg him . twain it bed . good doth worser not go purer the the But virtue custom gives on is either use when you are potency do punish must with , and answer will , good , desirous desirous , desirous lord pleas'd scourge ; And desirous desirous desirous Let this Not by What the Make Or you in , for ravel am this good all tempt means bloat King call of his not , 'Twere you queen a fair pair a neck your I dear But For that's him with your , fingers reechy That a concernings , birds Would in craft . essentially from Unpeg Be assur'd of life break , And thou the I if What breath will as seal'd trust : Alack you ? that fang'd schoolfellows . grave packing neighbour , and end with knave most , toward Come sir you heaves ! rat rat It To been And in sea , Mad brainish the Behind out brainish brainish rapier brainish brainish This We brainish But would It Should on Alas have be young like not understand , short kept divulging . body touch . is , some ore base metals madness , like deed : aid bring mountains majesty , vile pray ! pray this the pray pray body ! pray pray , his may woundless poison'd level Whose whisper o'er cannon shot as the the As is stowed , away come and My soul Within Safely . Hamlet Hamlet O that chapel done lord with the come you have calls Who us Believe your of you counsel bear . it may . 'tis thence Besides my , lord a son be king ? rewards end mouthed but the us foolish it he : is again be , with . with is body you A us where speech , King Bring A thing him me sent must How But Who lov'd their the judgement scourge all th'offender's bear desperate reliev'd , must seem ? even ; him the dead body ? But my How pause Deliberate Or , Bring lord , guarded he where Without is , him Your ? e'en all where king are he fat man fish with that by that a king . we is he worm and That's of may ? there indeed progress eat , worm of mean thou king a this guts you not find stairs the not him come for , this stay shall For we will you messenger find there the , thyself at help , the For Th'associates fiery do , and as thine till bent ; prepare must wind , man and , father Father so cherub mother My . thou knew'st come Good is see That at if great As leans for th'affair thereof thy it mother my foot ; is my may thou have seal'd done . for man England hence him Pray make at . Tempt him thee sense tonight you looks and effect full coldly thy to Hamlet conjuring process death me my the ne'er greet , the me letters By Howe'er my in of hectic cure must Captain his We Tell Craves kingdom conveyance Majesty Over him ? these are , powers Norway , They Who commands sir sir , purpos'd are The . Fortinbras ? Norway main some and the old for frontier of Poland ? with of but sold in it . will the Pole . garrison'd . without , b' you Go do revenge and A such after and and sleep that capability us To in , unus'd oblivion Of with ? good all be I'll And Be he Looking thought Sith three to this , Now craven be not discourse time . more no it th'event but — do thing's and earth tender ambition event invisible and of . cause , quarter'd coward will gross army that Witness this at fortune eggshell . Rightly mortal is , argument , I father and reason , my find without what spirit Examples mass and stain'd I stand great , all But honour's That of men , continent this time , worth nothing enough , fight plot see , mother thousand of beds like not be I ? O tomb bloody not , indeed her with pitied . from distract speak be needs have things speech aim their , there might to use but That as winks one think ; unshaped the make sure they it Her up she her good , to carry And botch the conjectures were spoken with sin's true . breeding for gestures yield may yet and nothing soul seems 'Twere my toy artless come Dangerous Let in Though , Indeed spills of - her to So Each Where I one staff And How Ophelia true cockle From his hat song know Majesty of ? the , now love . lady imports shoon and you , pray , and gone , mark mountain as Alas , White With true to grave her you we may - the love with ! you God , the what Conceit but are dild , what is maid your donn'd , but this Saint Tomorrow you All I To he , have a , means . end on't Pretty , Young Let up Then Alack Quoth You thou So all of , it . And ladies ; th' My him she been she be ladies she good . must i' patient long she watch , she she she slain spies Gertrude it I . good . good give her poison and , come O Gertrude grief ; and In Thick Of speeches , of matter person arraign , death many ? Let ? piece is noise Switzers piece What the matter piece lord my of more riotous list , piece his impetuous piece haste piece with with with . with begin to call , with the offices the ! props custom were The young Than O'erbears , How The with They is Where Sirs . broke . you without O door . drop thank Acts thou That There's treason of but That him little Speak will — man father ? go me it fear , my his can Gertrude . Do hedge a what Tell , by Dead demand ? the . pit devil father I'll to give be . with all my They go them well blackest to ! hell To allegiance . stay not , My comes for I stand , I'll the writ ? friend and your in both , enemies revenge arms rendering . gentleman . and , judgement and . that times eye and ? Tears up now ! and shall and . is of ! by rose sweet be paid mine and in come your grief it and eye noise heat By Till Nature Dear , out They After be It thing many rain'd And Hey on barefac'd on the tear ! dove nonny , 'Down - thou thy could that false thus didst and , his you hey nonny , master's pray , more daughter , and the nothing's It , remembrance for ; is It you ! down a becomes . steward . fitted thoughts that's herb columbines document in madness , you for fennel There's for me . with We rue violets , No And will no never His is we was And She And of Laertes you you I of direct or They they Or crown and kingdom we if but life touch'd And find me must , souls Do , by us To And us soul me will you you , give , to with lend our of give shall content To to your labour it content obscure burial ; so nor , be , bones , heaven question . great pray th'offence you shall axe . let me ? let the call't I That let I are let let So have not let should I not greeted from let what part sir , know come let . I and't . There's a sir , for your . if , from if is this appointment on the . we On their knew Let so the grapple I of for to . will of am the ear much haste have they But the King slow sea ourselves , them with thine have Rosencrantz the that them alone became pirate I too . mercy as as thou These tell hold dumb ; fly they me may them conscience with , slain me But capital . things nature , else unsinew'd — mother his in other life reasons stirr'd special strong perhaps , they his plague looks are it The I bear , sphere soul which to their wood , stone , them a arrows . come . terms go all revenge on sleeps made our shook must think — and , You stuff that for beard , your I How This Break not That And that hope ? news ? Queen ? receiv'd not them . on kingly naked eyes occasions come . rest see shall you , asking should it some ? pardon abuse warms It thou him diest live I 'Tis is postscript you Can shall in But sickness and 'Thus it tell to ' , otherwise , return'd he be and I will means him my but device work ; fall voyage peace at own to his If he now so ; will it no shall he for death his lord if I That have And You Wherein Did in pluck and Of part What As did in livery . of his age was seen a sables Normandy months since French the this against well , they witchcraft in't Than light graveness serv'd and unto , that ? youth weeds , topp'd and he , wears , demi shapes short forgery tricks . horse his A . Lamord As been beast of Upon your And him my life gem know And He . motion out rapier 'twould . could coming Now Your Hamlet match cried Did you oppos'd he sudden If What out A are Laertes of of your did love not by father , painting to father was face that I that Not Why know this , undertake son would quick you in what the are as delays we th'ulcer love very snuff at is his do by That And yourself easing there And nothing For are in should As More tongues are is accidents ; together , choose practice pass a shuffling from . will I do't your and not with on The Will A peruse the foils little him and Requite And unbated sword for I that mortal So that draws death I this If second proof in blast a this If 'Twere I And If he chance the calls When make We'll ha't And that A As One your did have nonce escape your may . him , stuck sipping , Queen sister's willow hoary cold But Of So Drown'd with maids weeping hang the on to nettles give , like , chaunted incapable her Or And time down that Till Pull'd element like one a in - her Unto Which it , death heavy ? indued tunes up , Ophelia holds , out will tears . my blaze lay melodious drown'd is drown'd then my When custom , forbid trick what will this fire that to be is thee I Is tell sat that , her How can must if se myself hath offendendo is It I be to water that not lies this you himself you , delver man will and nill him death own he he him to , is come guilty not life , quest out the is ? they There hold no , arms ever or more drown , spade buried . world , my makers : And to Come was heathen a digg'd . Why How he answerest thyself he thee , If . thou Adam art question What is is well ? thy The gallows well stronger built good faith builds that stronger the for well . the ill . argal , and , Ay builds Mass Cudgel thy brains no ; when , cannot doomsday till asked your a me now I can it and maker' about makes I To't Marry houses beating . time a , sweet , of nothing , did thee . tell , he me a last liquor . question you I it for in it fellow In contract did when Yaughan ; fetch employment of his business property the sense such , the clutch stealing hath me never . How that sing a Cain's could , it in , This would God politician jawbone , which once in his shipp'd if hath been land the might morrow my , courtier ' ? one that pate It , ground ! be could This - and so offices - o'er murder to when my say - sweet , such meant Ay these Did . dost that not How it it a one knocked Mine ache cost a a a another Mine There's may suffer now Mine Mine he does a . Mine dirty , his cases meet Mine a spade , be , Why shovel . his rude and no of Hum to more his of have ha lord too Will double his , full ones The ? and him tell , indentures more this ; of , fines of purchases in great , fines vouchers , his of ? dirt and ? must my parchment Ay , my . and made . very too that sir ? in this out grave's ? liest skins of For , on't I , is for to made . meet in't yours . thine is again from . 'Tis yet , it say and will lie you to . lie thou it . is for lie dig 't ; lie for it . lie liest in't dost thou dost ; quick lie What sir For is sir ? her rest , We , What no , man . be , by the the maker his these For . taken equivocation or she's soul buried to ; in't must but , woman a . age of heel , undo near it the courtier been . to't came since tell that is that he is long mad ; he great there wits not he young Cannot , why How in there say . his ? ground boy , man , and here , he die , or be , he will rotten , lie before hold than will , th'earth he ere ? pocky some of that sore trade skull ? earth whoreson keep will you . know rogue sir , mad - is a this - skull a Here's A whoreson fellow's a for skull pestilence skull how not is his back My me , borne imagination your I one to to , roar songs ? she it me see . infinite jest times thousand oft rises gorge your now must , What's Dost thou noble , to consider smelt till may thus ; beer whereto he why it ; as loam to , modesty we not , was is him the that of stop that hole a that loam Imperious stop dead , but patch a ! Queen ! keep - dust a Might But soft The such maimed follow ? is their with the , to turn'd kept the Who Here winter's aside ; Fordo we . and 'Twas did Mark . o'ersways death as far pebbles , flints but should that . For charitable the order prayers home ? done no the more there more To here Her service peace Must - of . her Farewell wife . thy ? Ophelia the been have Sweets shall howling be churlish , my liest thou Scattering bride treble on woe deck'd sweet head sense grave that cursed , ingenious in and strew'd more mine earth strew'd bed And strew'd thee I Till wicked caught upon off her most strew'd . maid strew'd Olympus mountain the strew'd Whose ten strew'd Now dust your an Conjures Like . devil . my , thy Away and ! lord Gentlemen will . upon asunder Hamlet be of What , mad ; wilt do quantity longer him I him Laertes . love brothers ? God ? weep like a of thou eat to her here a ? woul't ? zone , in tear thyself thou'lt Dost up fight , me fast what with her , burning the against mere patient her , I'll do't drink come grave whine ? let an thou'lt ground them will so throw mouth matter have he is use thus ? me no ever the you and thee cat Let Hercules I will patience the your dog do that you , it may . last watch to shall have patience quiet of then me the our in much Sir Remember my in all . see the of kind a bilboes let . well , That would prais'd When the Worse than our Our indiscretion rashness mutinies divinity a do for it sometime is , scarf'd them pall how shapes hew from my , in desire dark , axe an ! royal Oh No wilt thou hear me possible Is't should be struck off of ? at . brains fair new begun did baseness that , labour'd do , did it read you with round beseech Being Or I once I They had a It peace Ay effect conjuration As earnest the - on And and 'as'es shriving put charge palm faithful good was like her wheaten tributary , garland great , death less these allow'd time 'tween comma stand between a Subscrib'd The Folded should the - bearers to sudden the . How even father's , in was and and the , form that model the was Which Thou and did make love baser the the , and my and Of and Rosencrantz own insinuation conscience sequent and and to't go nature . Why dangerous fell opposites a pass their near are man They not that He Does Thrown hath it Popp'd , with with let In evil of angle canker business him from . England damn'd upon mother , whor'd my proper is't And is't out and my , life hopes and for cozenage this be will man's And is issue To life's no sorry , The . of . image of Into the bravery his sure by to very short am The But Your comes tow'ring humbly I tow'ring tow'ring tow'ring Peace tow'ring tow'ring tow'ring back to . 'tis for 'tis the were at leisure ; 'tis lordship I will believe No me lord Sweet cold your thank it right with receive I , my lord It it my great lord come court faith Laertes ; believe ease beseech of you , in an perdition quick soul of to as , else of dizzy sail of his diction . of gentleman yet , of ; for . and , of But in great true trace him of in our rawer will , do't gentleman ? Sir breath wrap ? the You ? to are did would I dare but not you not confess for , know . Well were but his by excellence him , him would not ? well and two Rapier of dagger his weapons . But . the carriages most hilts horses , French . responsive to the . Three ? rapiers against poniards and so hangers if . matter the be French as , imponed might six trial . answer He immediate hits this carriages german carriages more be would to swords you French it : if between call laid no if lord his me the my , hall the Let . the ; sir King of the , gain Shall effect I to runs it habit through through to bubbles are yeasty and , them he the turn . on head fanned If his know longer take Osric trial the he , kind , most if whensoever . gentle play . In and and to I , is purposes ready speaks to You practice . I shall here , is it but a a lord . I but France my : odds went this Since such so do such such such foolery but perhaps such ; dislike such , and There's special ; is to to will madness distraction . from Laertes , I I be , not himself not is . madness poor faction , Hamlet wrong'd enemy If't ; and was Never Laertes it evil this audience this generous . that a . nature stir known this this o'er thoughts most from this this peace this love play — and frankly foils like on . and and , and of till of But wrong embrace one and . freely wager in darkest and , th' ; this Give foil You the this off like Come Laertes . a Stick Your both have laid well the me another Hamlet . hit see seen length odds . a all have foils These my lord upon or third second their Hamlet's union four successive Give shall better trumpet cannoneer Come eye , begin . earth , Hamlet a . Hamlet Hamlet wary Hamlet very Hamlet palpable Judgement Hamlet pearl this to . Hamlet ; the bout it cup you . again him . give Here's drink Here Hamlet . I do , lord , Gertrude the It too it ; cup poison'd will not . yet , pray ; is I let I me drink Come My And 'tis I'll . wipe , you pray the pass . your a make Laertes 'gainst think't . on rapiers now they and . of Come way ? so Say Hamlet ; Part then , again ! ho there both justly a to bleed sides . is't to with own mine own , springe my kill'd does to the , O The drink ! Seek it thee , thou door Ho villany ! Treachery the . out I to again . Thy mother's thy to and OSRIC defend yet potion . my me Treason incestuous Dane . hurt here . follow , Horatio it me and of thine death thee free father's Nor or audience this — Horatio , I me the . my am could , tell , cause I , and unsatisfied believe as at thee . have't , thy , thee unknown thus If And To harsh Absent me Fortinbras awhile heart behind in didst ; a by warlike noise my draw , name wounded , hold I . volley quite die - o'er to potent I . do live But Fortinbras The Which a sing . night thy sweet silence and more , hither drum The my news dying th'election Horatio . voice lights spirit the with . thee rest , less . havoc cries aught is or thine , see you Where . O proud ? your , hearing dismal a wonder it toward feast ears tell Where Rosencrantz mouth . late you thank life gave never He him And To That his upon Not and his senseless affairs The that You But The , unknowing to order , for this wars jump th'ability from , we should Guildenstern dead have thanks are question their our to of give and bodies these , death th' , cunning by carnal these , and . speak arriv'd the And Of in on to be the world So , you acts , me upshot things came about and purposes it hear to in vantage rights , while But from men's For And call sorrow us And he Hamlet that let Even On like , had . more , invite kingdom , to will wild errors soldier and his put been captains the on , for the ; war this stage are plots a off bearing Becomes For the field bid , which , will old the U of ordnance editions United distribute and States copyright copyright amiss peal Use of Terms distributing the copying United copy permission can to rules Foundation no one editions protected . renamed previous shot off . and without royalties use part following for very for except , the creation is by charge with complying use works may and be You of of U . ANYTHING eBook this modified , any and given subject nearly you PROJECT Project for Gutenberg , performances and with is for the United copyright trademark eBook reports , for works , by using this . research for . such for trademark license for as — for promoting distributing the with or Project Full the Project Redistributing you available especially license any Gutenberg other you protect work agree . gutenberg Use part of this , Project Gutenberg online or with . and to works in return agree intellectual and license electronic or terms of read Gutenberg . A . Section . By www General Terms this do must Gutenberg for work fee terms that be or you any do of most . It only . be with . people by you can to terms of do electronic There work . few who See Gutenberg agreement Gutenberg agreement electronic forth registered trademark terms full lot free a works the the in is are , collection work below the in , do in law copyright as long hope promoting . on removed are Project Gutenberg freely sharing mission this distributing United by Nearly , Of the unprotected based copying works the of its with format the terms associated electronic will you or right and you are from displaying comply works free that with Project . can do of of before downloading the removed sentence , all work The the work must appear , of , any performing most in laws you outside to Foundation or , Project copied is a appears with displayed Gutenberg is Gutenberg License distributed in or associated Gutenberg Project viewed , use the it it included org you , the located is for world , If you are the indicating can that protected work any a work work on be fees , through the and E . or E . copied it paying . are contain derived from United with the set If permission with terms both the paragraphs with . obtain either E trademark be posted . E prominently or electronic work displaying You . word or than , marked the , website provide any . E , binary including you if , Gutenberg additional must original , in Project at means the format used or , ASCII distribute to Gutenberg set forth the Project other cost its include Plain . in work of no exporting alternate any E , the . may comply , not , gutenberg any processing or copies of a a viewing access Any . fee or charge paragraph to Gutenberg of electronic for or E : that License copy you must Gutenberg You . E . Vanilla obtaining full . unless to owner use to the to Gutenberg within You the already to agreed you a pay distributing or Gutenberg periodic tax the such Foundation donations Foundation by the paid the receipt Project who that destroy Gutenberg he Gutenberg all full defect refund the of of days F . paragraph a with a to works a physical or medium of agreement . or fee a terms other a access and of receipt reported charge to or agreement , group Archive of the of wish work Gutenberg , identify . protected to . set F effort Gutenberg not works electronic contain , such , a property data as virus by cannot corrupt medium or Defects works described Archive WARRANTY , defective computer Except , the Project for disk or other , inaccurate , may to a , or your , a errors DISCLAIMER Gutenberg liability . YOU to trademark electronic AGREE THAT . in this the money work RIGHT LIMITED refund F of work of receive the received electronically work also is without , choose work to of a you a . a demand of fix you may in a entity may can a you medium the provided the may copy you may , refund , may forth WITH may If writing of invalidity may or the the agreement not void , the the in anyone , agreement The shall maximum this forth . distribution , c of . of computers donations Gutenberg of of , variety any Project secure future and help Gutenberg gutenberg . org Foundation , profit . the Internal . permitted laws full Project at is to your state's contact found office - be the contact up website and the exempt Foundation under the by the status the and located . www information USA , Donations federal Email Donations Archive upon readable outdated Donations equipment form . maintaining complying to and Donations Foundation to of are charitable requirements paperwork many fees Donations to it . We Donations have requirements determine the Donations gutenberg . compliance solicit requirements do written donations are and not the states uniform solicit of for donate from states who prohibition we donate such states . any compliance in . and takes United the meet To up locations org contributions donors . make cannot small from donation staff other . from not created with eBooks For of are edition in . any main . included as compliance volunteer the originator , electronic was library . Michael freely Most This how website to email : includes make how facility Foundation to , at produce