, Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand am much this Stand you had Have Stand For now Not meet . there ! Who . And Friends think , you , farewell . this , ho hath reliev'd night Marcellus . good you ? tonight ? A I thing , Say , Welcome this Touching And has Horatio And Last sit , hear star that's of What are fortified we so once again against assail awhile ears That nights two Well Barnardo t'illume westward , Horatio it to Mark , it Horatio . heaven myself part — comes and Marcellus , off the . like Most Looks it harrows would be of night speak . Denmark charge warlike ! answer . he ! Norway to thyself ! eyes not on the ice . angry an strange in combated armour our watch hour . by this Polacks at dead know my our opinion very the th'ambitious , the once he 'Tis smote hath martial With some gross the Good now Sunday So not Why Doth Sunday What make the Sunday Does least , prick'd you Sunday image Whose the That to last Sunday inform that , can appear'd Our Fortinbras emulate our Sunday who ; of by I a by world Sunday by goes even as Thereto to the this side in most Sunday valiant esteem'd seal'd , return'd competent to , lands conqueror the law by Which forfeit so For Was , Against stood he Was Did Had he been carriage . Now , Norway of ; of ; our unimproved appear ; to is hand , other strong foresaid us which no full here resolutes and , Hamlet up For stomach compulsatory to doth diet of terms And That But a Is his no , by and well recover father the , our and preparations the in I chief Rome mind's the land and e'en so . eye the the like these mightiest tenantless to empire fierce omen still coming demonstrated and Julius trouble state trains whose sick prologue Was As the harbingers Have , it Unto to the Lo , of ! star fates on again , voice , earth , thy in oft , fate country's , thing me or me Speak be thou , privy art If Which in . partisan , may womb spirits , it Stop I if will ! 'Tis . not ! being so of the strike We wrong show , majestical , blows , shrill spirit hies his - guilty or confine And summons started fearful a then Doth sea of lofty is day the at sounding , the air , erring that our Wherein Some No So then The the on ever 'gainst made planets power spirit stir . clad believe part russet yon and high eastward . have we Unto This consent we to us what the watch Hamlet our impart dumb our , I , it mantle tonight with life , know , duty morning . conveniently , befitted this most find shall we Where of be memory Though , green The bear contracted our . our with on of warlike discretion , queen this discretion state , now discretion wisest with sometime , discretion nature discretion defeated sister jointress with discretion Yet To be hath we discretion Th'imperial we our With Therefore discretion as remembrance 'twere funeral along , nor discretion one our with and have a in dole gone herein freely thanks barr'd , dropping , all . our disjoint brother's . of for of : have So . the to surrender valiant most for Thus Of ; purpose - of is time him . law , old you the all and in , young business brother this uncle and To much To the with bonds proportions we suppress , meeting much , here Fortinbras scarcely to that nephew's , lists Out You The bearers your haste : the news you ? Laertes ? thy not , reason with , asking Dane , father Laertes thou Denmark of throne more not more lord leave Your show must duty willingly favour Dread head The speak of offer wouldst native the to , return I , to though your gracious came to , that your confess wishes , I give and me my last . consent ? leave — son than thy , and my will to , By I A kin spend ; hard my wrung him leave ; petition be time it than little . Upon do thine Hamlet Good Seek let And Not But is too off lids , much . must , the , eye of grief seem , indeed haviour of it it not For That nor Nor 'Tis Why seems Seems Together with Nor No but I filial you father do and To are that man and , shows , moods , and can 'Tis sweet know and In and what and sorrow obsequious obligation lost Of and Why heart it and That obstinate , a mind , be simple most we ? first be must a unprevailing father immediate let and , for love throne take note of our of bears son world to in to to which dearest no Fie corse . ' till most dead to ; you . nobility For our school are less father comfort and beseech we is back your Wittenberg you , think bend retrograde most his , you madam ; not prayers our of our , whereof in Denmark . rouse to King's the - this too itself resolve Thaw and earthly health in unforc'd the the speaking Be This Denmark . Madam , come , dew a into had rank things ! 'tis an unweeded this ; should so come not was to mother heaven woman ! garden gross to and my much , this ! not ; satyr roughly , appetite had within month grown on earth of is father uncle , tears like . salt of but , her to nor flushing Hercules ; in incestuous it dexterity such my I that , Sir name friend poor , even Good make you good in , what And glad truant My lord — Marcellus you ? Wittenberg ; from . to I very am disposition hear not would We'll do was see me affair drink not , My prithee I , hard upon . Elsinore you father's your see , father . bak'd funeral The the I see foe Horatio forth furnish had it Indeed Thrift Or Would thrift think my , to my mother's wedding marriage methinks had met father My He was him once , not My lord man mind's that day a I saw ? father him . him think take In ; my saw he , look upon , lord My The my gentlemen watch walk'd , distill'd , whilst surprised they - and truncheon's to and dumb Been encounter'd dead Appears And them dreadful I with In jelly of Form The hands are These was ? like more . where word , Within Almost , his , as each comes But Did It Itself lord thing the speak it it it our shrunk cock it like 'Tis lifted to even at But the And As then head : did haste away sight . address ; in motion up , the And very morning sound let , you To And , We . Both , Arm'd say From to toe lord , my . up . he he ? he pale constantly . he he than in anger he he he hundred ? it tell long you . been had Very I might . BARNARDO I saw't longer . Not seen . in walk watch assume warrant I Let And it be you an your platform visit , So you foul spirit father's some sit I doubt My Your still My And , convoy But all then the the , hear doubt from in , blood lasting , suppliance the a not perfume it Hamlet and but so No more . mind you besmirch fear : own temple grow ; subject subject must not his subject do choice whole that believe place it you subject . subject songs his subject treasure you of deed the And The subject he subject Fear keep chariest in Ophelia her maid and danger of , list importunity your sister affection desire enough the the disclos'd buttons liquid dew and are imminent best safety infants most lies in else none calumnious not fear . be youth not . not do my not lesson libertine treads not reckless and path way not though good not , brother good not steep And Himself recks , O I . his me not my keep this of dalliance rede . puff'd the stay sits wind these thou , any Be friends them Grapple are here Of Of every entrance new hatch'd thy soul , but by with , quarrel may a - do But each to Those each Give man man's that ear th'opposed unproportion'd and their hoops with of comrade thee few beware familiar not thy habit fancy , censure apparel France Neither a the loan And And in thee leave to dulls both edge own of false lord your my servants remember , go , time Most humbly have I 'Tis you Farewell you ? you it Farewell , he hath touching bethought : oft free 'tis — your up me the me . made late speak , many truth I put yourself of way , audience caution been not — my behoves it is And daughter lord Give understand you between What He ! believe , think ; you lord Tender the . sterling crack — you'll honourable hath , lord Or Which Ay And , countenance it speech of . my all the woodcocks When the Lends hath catch how holy burns , heat : these than , take promise must You Be to so Believe be much Set Than Even Giving in the blood fire presence this From maiden higher your . at he Lord he few In may tether him something command And Do Not not shrewdly obey you , shall I Look to't give heard spirit it Wherein Keeps King doth wassail his and his pledge the triumph of Is Ay though I am it ; thus his Rhenish reels down bray . swaggering of and rouse , trumpet ? here is is't a breach born manner in traduc'd achievements Soil From The their breach breach , vicious in of in them breach . height swinish breach takes phrase breach breach it with breach at perform'd our of though and indeed chances are nature reason of forts of wherein birth it mole Since By breaking Or Carrying Being I , infinite the noble the his particular fault general censure may pure of a scandal substance The of , damn'd , call . thee bones in hearsed saw we his up dead corse Hath Have Revisit'st , thee op'd cerements their cast thou why It if To . away impartment to and As It do not a go more with no speak not Do It will not by courteous . removed you to with means the fear pin's it ? it . lord , my . it , desperation of sea Think , fathoms . every of of horrible of summit base your into beetles the dreadful his there And Go It I'll thee brain sea . lord . go shall Hold your ; You on rul'd go gentlemen . lets I'll nerve petty am I cries hardy the . And , say I Still By heaven As I'll , of a away desperate Let's Whither thou My to is I hour Must Alas shall bound am what to thou art Doom'd a am What when I but I , term crimes could soul like thy stars locks their part spheres , house , nature fast in But days fires , blood , love God as and foul most ! father list . stand O list ! thoughts , with is swift Hamlet my the stir 'Tis A That duller apt ; in shouldst rots And serpent Wouldst Rankly ; that a know process ear of lust power beast his off the dignity there with were be mov'd ; vow traitorous adulterate with , that - seeming my of witchcraft O . wretch in in as . morning , pour did porches With the hour distilment hebenon in stole , link'd celestial garbage on , lust sate a bed , did tetter So bark'd blood eager and wholesome like like vigour and And , I All - smooth by sleeping my , mine , loathsome my head horrible it most sent but imperfections horrible of incest bed this bear in off life of disappointed even reckoning hast Let A If Unhous'led Of Thus horrible With The To to thy O couch nature in not the luxury and damned let pursu'st in leave thy nor thou her thee adieu uneffectual matin Fare . shows the pale ! grow fie O of my me ghost globe while O up all poor bear , hell sinews the away this In All And O host , of fond copied of Yes smiling is it Meet , tables one My At O books wipe I'll saws Unmix'd O are remember me and , word ' . to Denmark villain , down it so smile I set ! damned , and be . sworn't My HORATIO secure It uncle I least , ho Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Not my I I How you say Good , But you'll be dwelling knave this . circumstance more business and man , Such There I hold it so You as For hath — for . there is , vision tell here you us my lord this let and seen and , Nay HORATIO what you ? We will . in my Upon , I , we , lord . Art . my We have the sword lord have you that oath the ha Propose Consent hear sayst boy Ha Indeed , upon , Swear cellarage ? there the lord . seen sword . upon shift . sword my that this hands And Never said worthy pioner old night , to lay speak of your Swear by Come again you Swear remove work . my th'earth i' more but , a , odd of or perchance an such you Or put encumber'd or of times antic seeing me , never phrase and if they some , this — meet would' , shall shake , we to . you need . most of Swear Beneath at mercy aught , at pronouncing thus by speak' ambiguous me your . to as friending love poor not t'express lips and so willing , time And That ever I , let's to . O , God do visit marvellous Give Before me , said and , how you your know you — his Reynaldo and him nearer , they where drift and my particular him' and part thus Take ; first who company By What very and well , this and means son demands and touch you more . and and ; slips usual and known mean mean mean so far mean swearing ? mean him would may fencing mean , it . mean him incontinency to another mean breathe but : he put that You , my gaming . charge his of taints on the that — warrant son my , you i' on fetch sullies my drift , or guilty of this the phrase the or As 'twere I And my would th' , working — 'friend and country or or prenominate would a little a ; consequence converse in party seen in , him Mark ever to man sir 'Good the about 'friend closes He At At does was say I say I — 'gentleman know ! ' At you the or 'closes the in , 'I the and in's former and of my by or Or , with thus with out or falsehood of bait Shall wi' My So you brothel him enter so assays directions we With indirections you advice . out and , you fare inclination my lord . yourself in lord . music my shall , God his . lord , what's been , chamber affrighted of in gyved his all stockings to down as No And and Hamlet , his a had , if of out comes , fear do I , he truly but said ? in unbrac'd foul'd , piteous for Mad speak , know of o'er arm , so , it the wrist And Come At He rais'd did being And And As with That he the to out Whose This go , As natures him lord as the oft given our but you letters His That And does What I not quoted sorry had And thee . But beshrew our fear'd mad denied did , our the for , than hate being we sort move judgement my age jealousy trifle . both , hath be it call so ; What , it should long companies humour , by to your on time from to little Some draw as so you And I cannot father's it much being That To So gentlemen To To time and awhile , thanks of profit and If adheres am visitation so more , shall majesties your a the expend remembrance there talk'd remedy afflicts unknown us to That Whether aught . you not good will please you , are . much us our you to We And here to As up Thanks Thanks and commanded freely service To To And , Hamlet instantly and beseech changed I these presence our and , bring My And . too . Heavens Pleasant . still lord ? father of King . sure this gracious of long great to to the be do news My head , doubt The His tells me and my sweet bring the . hath he marriage . brother . desires , truly whereat and brief Highness in with against never Majesty fine , Highness he hand Highness ; he which Highness Polack appear'd Highness . Highness , fee joy your annual , Highness Highness quiet further the soldiers Polack Highness : set therein you please it an entreaty as commission , before regards of down time upon we'll - this pass allowance . labour together home night welcome . time duty well for well your , you at I will What call Your What is nothing Therefore And Your swear true art no true 'tis , I let Your him for grant farewell is he Your for define son , Your art . 'tis : use less Your madness , Your then . Your with 'tis cause of effect art now remains , Perpend — vile . she thus cause defect , this no And of cause . will this remainder comes defective the obedience and , the whilst have duty surmise mine is mark Ophelia beautified is faithful reckon Adieu , him . to this to , hath dear I that But dear . Doubt that truth daughter show'd . is to it . numbers , these , think hath a of As prove so this my I seen would Or If given my Before man . do When I That Admit should . done , a into , a watch to messengers lock be Hamlet 'Lord might I must Or Or What And my is a , his a , wherein now he this into a this , she Which Fell Thence Into to short thence think , ''Tis know said time positively ? so fain likely ? very madness the from prov'd I this Within though , it . circumstances , otherwise . this , may You How in . daughter arras lobby he I'll I from and . a farm assistant his not you me And such Be At hours , not then a be keep Away , where board do How does . will no Let Do . good I'll look But I good O - good me leave Hamlet mercy . good . good lord lord honest good fishmonger , good well know a lord , me good picked my man is my ? my goes my lord my one my be to thousand of my this my , sir For my i' not her say by you my Aside I was a on I extremity What harping , is th' daughter truly in he I first ? youth . said , the What matter words me How I'll gone . at my to speak . mean . For I beards - hams sir tree gum ; and All hold madness go should pregnant sometimes his reason ? in't . leave will daughter and leave of ? out be walk yourself you Though Will Aside . are sanity , A happiness air my . on . you my , hits him my , except life will except , I more I , sir lord To honoured Ah ? both most thou do ye , of the . earth happy over children we we Nor Fortune's Happy On Neither her of Fortune live secret parts the but your at . world's O But , lord the is grown hither me honest true deserved Let , not my We Denmark which Then is the many for there is is nothing a for narrow your . of bad have ; so it bounded , space , merely the . dream outstretch'd , and by my light a our , and ROSENCRANTZ We'll we honest sort friendship of you , I , I . such matter speak in the to dear it justly , dear enough dear ? Is . to dear colour dear . know I dear dear dear confession But lord have by rights a me more looks , good King ? sent for our your . custom have , discovery of that all I ; forgone mirth prevent . no my this fire , work me , air , roof to majestical thing , no . faculties angel , an , though by your apprehension form , paragon Man there , delight such I said 'Man seem you , to welcome shall , knight those shall not me shall mind for't man end the are his his coted use lungs or delight both , residence . and the reputation innovation city ? of I indeed not . was rusty ? sir top the of fashion many question , thither that come How they These out ; they they cry 'em now the there are , Do but — are , they they call and so goose themselves both on their sides for a in no wrong holds . brains about ? too load carry it . and throwing away boys uncle father King possible do him are it , apiece , the Do ; in garb this fairly appurtenance Gentlemen outward welcome . you extent my welcome to fashion is are of are north second twice not you and there come tell he sir comes , to prophesy right you time Monday have , will My lord to for me news an news come my came - in - liberty heavy , Buzz honour on for , only men ? lord ! my no well passing loved he Still which The , daughter ? old not Aside . Jephthah Nay What , follows then that Am you call me lord As the to pious , to , be . are The first thee last last , and you of , By'r , altitude , but , once play But , in it the a me well judgements to not , whose speak heard above once such more of Priam's this at , lay couched horse , resemble see in , foot sons trick'd smear'd , good accent antique where it to arm drives , wind lies Unequal falls sword , discretion , wide , sword , heaven wheel beard is a of to your — or Prithee sleeps . on ; he . queen' queen' , mobled 'The good down 'Mobled clout and upon good that for the all stood o'erteemed of th'alarm saw his sword Pyrrhus them move the eyes her mincing In where see I'll you death thee . will desert . rest bestowed have . tears in's has more Do epitaph bad . them Use better Use much ? more . friends him hear , me Follow , my Ay , Guildenstern . lord b' wi' , a . am slave peasant and a this ye good look Now own , passion conceit ; aspect function his whole in's visage wan'd ! nothing all his dream all And ? cue he Hecuba to for suiting he What would and , distraction his so soul working eyes from ? Hecuba , dreams - Upon A John dull faculties Confound very A Like - the muddy - eyes the ear with horrid for stage speech free Yet for , I with ; unpregnant rascal of dear I my i' this be cannot ere gall it kites ! this kindless vengeance fatted have treacherous , slave's Oh ass , what the an bitter To Why bitter Tweaks Plucks But bitter Ha That bitter Must bitter whore - scullion my bitter cunning , A by guilty That struck bitter have so the to at the bitter ! of heaven and , speak drab very ! of heart , upon't ! creatures About most With I'll Out of mine Before As May know my course murder I'll their malefactions these . tongue no miraculous Play him to tent I'll very shape and spirit yea that the melancholy spirits , grounds and I'll circumstance confusion , of King the days means ? by speak aloof keeps some madness and by no he his lunacy quiet no dangerous distracted himself he he crafty true him forward find with But Nor But with we feels be sounded on to confession of of his our reply but , forcing much he Of But When his Niggard Madam it of did it They way to Most so there , o'er , most true ; to the entreat before are to I . think , him kind Of have your matter him me so a , further edge . and hear give on his to much content order play . leave for my , we as Gertrude , he Sweet sent 'twere . accident too Hamlet hither , delights us , shall We And for father Affront by of I he suffers for wish cause do . you obey shall part : his wonted . hope way , may be thus shall beauties to I your honours Of here To such — wish Ophelia an . book on may to oft are prov'd pious We Is Than deed to burden most with , lord ! art true ! conscience . it painted that thing ! O , I To To Whether take and 'tis be by Or end them arrows in the To sleep the To : is ; And The For in perchance sleep makes That who The The The bear calamity pause death die , dreams to , mortal this dream wish'd the , Must we When For the that the give shuffled . so There's us the the and long scorns of would the the the all my The lose the enterprises With fair Thus Than No And fly thus conscience regard Nymph remember'd , a day well . did perfume lost compos'd you well , their sweet know breath ? mind unkind . honesty commerce with transform honesty of beauty your ? fair lordship your My you lord sooner honesty now inoculate old our the . you so did . time beauty gives did believe . did . virtue deceived you did did will did did , to time and did have than very I or between . did father your lord my , home . that he Where's upon own such imagination believe shape . me sinners of could not had but ; more I none crawling beck at offences with , Let arrant We ? the to nunnery go O well him , snow , Or as give you , thee thou you wilt for thy of mad me your you hath amble I already wantonness you you say , and all , God jig , given are To , form ! down reason vows his out bells that of rose and , I Th'observ'd courtier's have no ; live shall most suck'd most noble the see Like ? His he most spake not Was most Nor most like most Love O'er And most I some doubt There's most do O have form and seen is blown of not ecstasy . woe me tend , thus his in countries shall of in danger : seas brains his of This It From fashion . yet , settled well objects What variable the something his I do . what commencement still and neglected To We heard Of all his , so conference . their send To I'll Let show need you if hold it all alone play , him her But And be Your Madness in shall pronounced as , periwig say give robustious all gently do of it saw the players to I as the but fellow split smoothness . of o'erdoing avoid shows , inexplicable dumb , who passion it Termagant . your . It for Pray warrant I a ; but the modesty to Herod such Herods tame the , as 'twere , the you the tutor this ; both with be special nature very and but in be must cannot , the your not and strutted the others heard theatre the own purpose of pressure laugh one so humanity have had the of Christians this , image , the at , or the the have it the gait the nor bellowed made the I that of spectators the play them clowns and the speak that to then speak will your pitiful you a shows work most of my this . hasten . ho , thou sweet lord Horatio e'er Horatio Here , feed thrift may follow was thee seal'd , with judgement thanks Fortune's , equal man candied , the Dost of . should lick . herself men distinguish of dear could in suffering mistress her , For thou election mingled man . King thy in that we one of , guilt soul , seen . unkennel with scene One I have told of , that a father's act comment see'st very . are imaginations damned of lord . I will pay this whilst , the coming are If And I the flourish after For I he i' faith ; How Guildenstern and others , idle . eat . Polonius . Queen cousin you the our promise Hamlet feed ; the I dish cannot Hamlet these My say was ? a ? good . there calf a capital ? your . i' kill'd to Come my part did No , mother him of brute a I King lie your mark ? lap they stay ; my , Ay lord dear , by sit me ? in my mean I O ho . No think lord . What merry . lord , are a lord ? You Ay looks my , months black not lord . life else half , suffer O not for But embracing , may memory - churches two build makes is forgot then horse months the ago outlive protestation pours the or and but awhile The . in , passionate Poisoner in he and a ears a fellow bank seems takes down again comes seems , seems and seems makes seems seems ? seems means seems means know by the this . players argument the all us the tell . Be you to the you are us the , the You any the , it the not means I'll the posy the a lord . love , woman's Is times this a may most and moons in sacred and love so sick late . times be ere o'er And Neptune's times About Make us from you me Yet times . I That far woe times , times world times times times So and from nothing lord and , is love love my is grow thou shalt Where And In For neither is Now , My and Where fears live their great and great , must shalt thee and haply one world and , love , powers and , operant And and and Such and O second the and Aside of that Wormwood who wormwood move of , debt we passion that 'tis in to when necessary fall ourselves ending of , violence to To pay What The joy own , revels doth loves with yet The For Where This That who poor man love And not in lead down , doth shall seasons want a fates still ends husband is lord food are second no lock from my trust me give when thou , day my face and me ever hence a widow , lasting scope , night heaven first thy in that me thy die But think Nor well earth and anchor's would have blanks turn cheer here Each well An I well spirits deeply dull once well . tedious day and I sleep with fain well . well mischance between brain us well methinks , in't is play , work touches but it are to my if are you take worse murderer croaking drugs no midnight weeds , thrice immediately ; seeing Gonzago shall ? Away . lights the the while the , the two a the Half the the whole the dost This thou Jove , Upon good O Ah Good , Sir lord then ha vouchsafe retirement , rather richer more to far into him my With marvellous ? distempered plunge signify . him so start me to this to not it . sir most mother tame , great . you , the of not and I . But sir my — mother answer , My struck her mother diseased , no , say you into amazement sequel . further . you go is . me once by , mother us you still your if Sir when you the see you . play upon pipe ? ventages are harmony have utterance mouth your you of and finger will it it no lying as eloquent Look , these and me pluck would , think you me will , am the of I in I . skill thing a my unworthy me pipe me cannot what play instrument upon of camel yonder you played , compass yet on can you see cloud shape a , sir with the , By Do lord the Methinks it like like a whale a like . weasel . and so said will Leave , breathes hot say to say not day my ; as say itself let : bosom ever say mother say , hypocrites . say shent none she say seals my soul , my be consent . this My Let O quake Contagion do to And Would tongue in like And To To Hazard provide lunacies estate along hourly grow safe , us , prepare with religious many upon and his us England our , not madness to terms The of Out We holy those feed many and armour of Majesty mind , doth as of will keep ourselves fear To To mortis'd The itself live and and life single The With upon of strength alone . annexment King , pray ; For ; this ; with . when mount , too We will Behind he's ; I'll to going put to , you goes ; and lord you the process ; makes . said The call of nature wisely Fare what my smells to — liege said mother home , intent my sharp can upon't , begin , business defeats where itself than not confront snow this in as there To But it Were Is what's forestalled to But form murder of ? force serves , the this cursed hand foul murder . mercy prayer , fall , up still I ambition of by not the , shuffling law Buys Even give what repentance evidence . and nature teeth in To crown , gilded . may 'tis one be Offence's oft corrupted shove world , itself so ourselves action prize justice wicked 'tis But the And seen , steel : death repent not What black to cannot can ? compell'd ? What . one be struggling , Help and of may well be That , villain praying be babe that engag'd more , Bow be Art soft as knees ; it , be pat so now do , son grossly reveng'd I be sole crimes audit stands , and reveng'd heaven as of as , be this same ; be would he goes and knows of of passage horrid his thought ? rage or , act some , may salvation as be heels his then I who flush more a soul asleep swearing goes damn'd at . black his ; No , bed his mother days in't . stays or pleasure At And hell physic whereto his , soul Then That has that it prolongs rises may my words Words my without my my my my my Much He him thou Hamlet Now , Mother Within I'll Withdraw , have thy hast answer you go come now Hamlet , matter forgot Have , the would were , my speak not you You , it your husband's to you that glass shall you I and you not ? do Behind What you the go come Where then can not you me , help Draws ! I O . help , ho help , ducat . as bloody and rash . I , what a bad . marry king . good , deed . this ! farewell . Take Peace , penetrable braz'd it I shall . thy you fortune ; thy against wag , have dar'st against modesty , vows , doom glow doth face contraction religion . man . age have a like his and himself , follows love the in it judgement ? Sense what that motion ? and is fair this this on And ? This is on batten upon ? blood call ? moor : but ? this you sense serve ? To step could apoplex'd hath feeling hands mope her If thou flaming . O of smelling sans true eyes at one without let in When melt And Since Or Eyes That Ears but As I will there , enseamed and to live tinct black leave corruption Over in Stew'd turn'st see And frost Hamlet , eyes , sweat Nay rank more sweet daggers enter grained soul nasty very and honeying sty in no nasty more ; ears nasty a nasty his pocket A twentieth villain nasty the more nasty and diadem ! nasty patches the part nasty is shelf of , vice kings and precious , hover o'er of ! Alas your tardy . your — to blunted visitation . go ? almost thy This on thy forget to The That , but . mother and whet look Speak to her amazement But And Upon up Start , Would Your cool him want this . colour you you Do stern Lest effects true . conjoin'd on Sprinkle On and him ! you Look capable Do you look action tears — this ? I all but look in father look all do where he This is , Why nothing ! My This Is the very in ecstasy . brain . of creation Bring Mother re will doth music - me , for word which your of test , virtue times ; weeds my pursy beg . good Virtue past , avoid yourself the madness place , do to the rank your and , flattering that not Infects ranker fatness must heaven to . cleft cleft cleft pardon him cleft cleft cleft half uncle's it have yet fair more cleft good him nature of throw night out cleft , For blessing repent of you curb can shall aptly change devil , or to , heaven hath . you potency when beg the lord , well good answer , and , only be . behind , word begins To by , the bloat Not do ? I What no , a tempt for your paddling wanton Let this One bad must gave death I The let Pinch more on not a ? sense hide would Who bat house's the fly basket ape ? from kisses reechy know from , fingers matter from this 'Twere from fair good , am essentially from a from No Let from I from from And , I of What from Be be in like . the breath will my sweep . two adders — way have , sport knavery concluded you to me . go fang'd schoolfellows on England as . and mandate to yard line at But Hoist Mother Indeed the crafts , directly room set O petard trust own the his I them This , now Is Come Good into most life to most sir draw them . heaves mother . while . us son have How what lord a little tonight ! ' lawless both ? contend , rat apprehension man , fit ! Hamlet stir his good , Ah Whips out is Which as the mightier O good brainish 'A we to heavy so yourself shall . restrain'd us to full be us short laid man not like To This mad would will It But a Where , life owner understand . most let hath kill'd he is some , base like , of ? ore , our gone haunt was it touch mountains what , is this skill deed Guildenstern — excuse hence , majesty Ho sooner no must We But Friends And Shows sun itself pure Gertrude , shall all our he haste mean haply world's , his come may O shot to to . away miss done the , I . Gertrude , the let And Come And As hit ? What it And we it where What you can your and made own . the dead body ? chapel dust , a king it be like last them authorities Ay , me what not should a King's service lord his but he his : mouthed is . a of officers do needs , where , the us my the us with — to with is I sent How have to like Yet must Of me dangerous And Who , and distracted so This the 'tis not To their . never But offence ? What from is cannot dead at appliance not all . your . to know Bring before my us pleasure . certain — ourselves only fat and of this . eat dost hath . service emperor . your variable but , is is is worm That's the , end ! a go . him find not worm of a by mean fed of that Polonius But If ? you there go you . indeed messenger . find there not the , thine , you till stay lobby Go come seek into . Hamlet that Attendants . tender done as especial dearly . England Ay Good if So , come . them Th'associates is bark that is man Hamlet and England Come cherub see a My father tonight aboard wife wife thou knew'st our purposes . for England man . at may love everything my , Tempt ; one and . him is hold'st give mayst thou seal'd and make coldly imports thereof Pray you set awe raw thou my power . with speed . on , not ; I'll have th'affair if England That my Since yet leans else As homage the us letters of Hamlet in me hectic conjuring , great Go the by from haps process cure must For Over If We And let him Majesty his that Craves , express his Tell my Howe'er . these whose on sir Good sir . sir pray Poland . nephew commands , of part Who old Norway , Poland , sir ; Fortinbras frontier . fee farm name the , or profit but would sold it Nor This Will is th'imposthume debate much and inward the man God lord ! ducats straw this my a against , me a man . discourse his beast Now no not market . inform and good dull occasions please revenge you Will't be you feed with of such ? is us fust That in thinking which And to his If Be but To us precisely some . Of Sith yet ever Bestial thought I have Whose Is When Makes spirit , what fortune an not But the That And Excitements all the of my of to while sleep , the reason kill'd the The , for death fantasy like the imminent the the Which quarrel great mother blood thousand my the enough , or be slain the a numbers let their Whereon the thoughts My I bloody is not hide speak To speak . with will not will speak , She speak There's Spurns i' at straws , father her , says ? have needs , be speak . her speak , much yet speak nods to speak strew heart ; and , ill , they aim might think it speech their there doth thoughts , nothing of ; collection use at up and own them breeding with her Let conjectures artless seems sure Each toy full So Where sick soul spills How How the itself It Alas your beauteous is your your your your his sandal hat your love , his dead is your you ? is his At your Nay your Nay his shroud . turf , here . not showers to How God we this let's , this you of the may be when they at maid the means no All I To he Then words Tomorrow And in the maid more door , maid on't . a his . day , window Valentine . fie shame Saint I'll make chamber and out clothes ; to't me , yonder ? she not wed tumbled shall night my good night night And think , it all night , weep of Next in When All from sorrows gone First death and hugger your ; poison come O , most not deep they . unwholesome ; and him from ear arraign to father's matter of our of his stick a murdering Like what , to and brother Her Will nothing O piece dear person , keeps to buzzers speeches , In Alack are , more lord . Let them Gives ocean , overpeering not riotous him lord , it now rabble but a , to king ' clouds ' word begin flats offices young Caps this The broke . dogs cry . Danish . applaud shall custom every be they props and we and be king Laertes trail doors ? Danes Sirs counter cheerfully How , will give will we thou king . leave in . without all let's you We . me the , brands harlot chaste proclaims . Laertes that's Of blood father pray you I Let That him Calmly Give my . person — not Do doth to father Speak , my man what Tell go . Let — a cause the is my looks Gertrude go thou thus . Laertes peep , Laertes like - hedge . would our divinity such There's Why art him But Let dead , his he That dare and came allegiance , To , Most what ; this give , negligence , demand Conscience I the damnation worlds only to I be my I'll far to husband the all stay throughly . My my for And Of , dear your If father's , death sweepstake None know wide life you and shall As day as am like good his And Repast Why , now . 'pear . judgement your to level most . now sense brains is noise and shall beam be sweet young man's maid's life itself 'tis fine — bier . persuade dove tear ! didst thou Hadst It , is you call . him not , could thy on his you , well move a his here's and , And . remember ; O you some you must They my and passion , come again itself . he not All flaxen as will no he white - is come not will not And not not not all not not beard is we , gone souls not God you Do your God ? will me , not your jointly it your patience call , apart but wisest judge and . ours , soul to us we if — bones , heaven question earth ? speak they would are What they that say I where is them know what of the world . name . it ; to know a bless him him bless greeted if , be , the the boarded of They when thou letters for have sail this him appointment on They . death wouldst the knew have they did have ; have they a instant give Ere gave fly yet good thou dumb These haste will ear bore where light for Rosencrantz them and He in speak repair me the am with . Let of , And your him conscience heard have which . me nature these in feats , else , things your in and put with knowing slain life my and wisdom against up , special The for and be by me , two stirr'd were mainly O to you for , arrows . come , think not more danger . beard with flat so be for You and teach shortly will our let sleeps . of , lord , now your ; my This Sailors , were my shall first asking Of me by Claudio that mean ? more pardon leave . hear . eyes kingly recount . I to thereunto Are strange your When my of I back occasions the hand . lord tell diest — ' otherwise a means , peace return'd he but choose now voyage If my Ay at to undertake own you will thine should you be rul'd by me o'errule his his if might The be will accident could , rather It in Hamlet's talk'd falls What , and , one that Did And is riband too light needful the that You did you unworthiest that in cap of less weeds since — his unto but Two and the Here I've The Yet A very And in't such As And Had he in of . been Come of far beast well of , Normandy against graveness . the French , seat brought and demi natur'd thought , my horse shapes incorps'd short He my Norman was't Upon He all could he art And him made gem . nation your report , the ? lord father , you of dear wish my , this of painting ask like you a this , father , of by of abate goodness like growing much too , kind For As We Dies his when are And then in nothing at or within in is passages and , think I But Not And of tongues But : his cut To To show comes yourself no , come church th' words in i' throat son in deed remiss with ease , choose contriving being fine your Laertes , have place you return'd double shall know on put a shall keep indeed should you those your within the fame , in on you , all , a you . a in so have cataplasm knife mountebank the . I death time this , and should fail performance that let cunnings have I'll , stuck Laertes ! Drown'd One they follow . a brook , trophies brook weeping the And Fell mermaid do the to our That leaves fantastic nettles cold That that Till that like , an Her clothes and sliver coronet wide broke spread , drink heavy death is melodious . yet , holds these , fire of speech a I It Too of forbid my thou poor , her will this that . When nature much our Drown'd drown'd hast ; trick water out But woman shame I I The have folly douts fear much to I Is How Therefore will give it calm follow let's Christian is can to It is Nay but hear , man leave , himself mark — Here if But Argal . that not go drown to this the lies Will drowns the this have been on't And my Come thou and , Why countenance , gardeners was ? none art even ditchers there say'st world to question a heathen digg'd Why Scripture is Adam gallows in ; thou Could If Go for gallows argal thou tenants , the ill outlives ? thousand well Now ; does , To't stronger well does gallows builds , a that carpenter . will next question not mend his 'a , thee at sings he behove , meet ? a sweet , Go was love very was the it there time methought feeling , no ; the e'en fellow Has 'Tis so Custom I could Cain's circumvent one the would my , if offices , be might pate - one's horse be could which It ! that , This might , my lord 'twere of courtier a o'er murder to th' might This Or good lord ? so with at loggets 'em these Did . pit a and a shrouding for a with and : see't my Lady There's now spade For mazard trick spade spade spade O clay spade spade of tenures him buyer about land of spade lawyer and his fines his spade be of a purchases spade lie his Is recoveries , length lands Not will scarcely his vouch shovel have more fine no recoveries him in no more , sheep will sir inheritor skins assurance of which , lord . out grave's sir to sheep They this lord not Is , speak seek , for in't 'tis thine , do in't and lie yet , thine thou . made in't not is yours . to ? for . man sir ? neither in't . from it thou no dost For For , by speak these ? Fortinbras to't maker the must Horatio that his . o'ercame I came that How I day that . year the of all tell How since It and . England sent there as came he mad the ? are Why , wits , How ground , rot he last you nine last another ? than his keep the will we will year you some whoreson many have lain it was ? of it this trade decayer hath you Rhenish jester , my that . that how those now most that . that , that rogue the infinite thousand that rises , that lady's she chamber , that me that ? thing that fashion E'en looked Dost to you this to my thou uses And so smelt Horatio stopping consider . imagination hole might ; converted to he ? barrel to . keep hole , loam ; as too thus beer t'expel kept turn'd and dust Alexander follow . the was is earth thither wind in , clay away . we not they enough awe world winter's aside aside . aside is Who follow own The Queen , with aside And corse life aside we What , a very aside ceremony What and aside following it aside great . Her , enlarg'd was have be charitable o'ersways command have warranties is Mark . doubtful the lodg'd order been trumpet and her should the rites her . thrown and i' Lay And When tell her liest howling sister unpolluted thee my , be of . be should sage We A minist'ring , have to the to strew'd thy not bed have thought I What And . Scattering I hop'd Fall wicked of have this Of blue an the wonder - Like . Dane take thy fingers pray'st Conjures Bears What emphasis wounded ? and whose whose is Thou I I wiseness Pluck in them Hamlet All Away not fear throat ; devil thy something will fight , Gentlemen thy let Which Why Until I , Good upon wag brothers of quantity thou What my not O my , is . of God me show up Dost do ! her , them ground will to eat grave I an burning zone thou And if outface thou fast a , like his on Nay till , pate a rant is the her that His golden fit will female dove . and her whine so in with prate of Ossa Singeing quick me mountains mere ; disclos'd , day drooping . will the on use you But himself ever you it have he will son his , present shall proceeding we last the to some watch over shall , the We'll This Till set our living monument ; in of hour Gertrude shortly quiet patience be a have then much in , my would That prais'd Our the Sir not was my lord ! circumstance of fighting lay , know , us dark , ends . a , Rashly I Methought and , in the from Up gown room I to Finger'd Grop'd sea packet own - fears royal an exact sorts and goblins in leisure of grinding the not My head to my bated . command Horatio , and , how me and , I beseech and it off be England's reasons and of axe and and : fair do down and , and , me my brains sat to play — prologue , I with , of that England conjuration An As love As Without Not bearers and should this - debatement my father's Why I Which the writ Folded Subscrib'd on was in that Danish it Thou : in was in that . to't this their my their own love insinuation what known by not they conscience ; employment sequent was day defeat grow . fell points , comes nature this the baser , king stand and and for between in out with his kill'd , not , thinks't th'election — arm this let What To this shortly issue there evil short be the In interim good , known . damn'd known known known . known known . known to here known bravery image . a the Peace Your you lordship I sure But the and land is the mess more beast humbly beast thank fertile beast at beast right with all 'tis use I believe beast , me beast , thank beast , my beast cold , lordship 'tis the . Majesty I should his is wind the hot . head Put . northerly lord indeed , I has my you that — the this , for and it ; lord wager I beseech your very is his , on me , the inventorially of he is , ease believe of , Laertes ; faith in find good come to you Sir excellent , feelingly in speak court extolment such is , I and take shall divide neither him , his mirror Your dearth in to respect him rareness imports , lordship do sir another . this ? sir of do't will words gentleman ? excellence ; all's . me yet approve ignorant confess You what you sir what I , what did what dare for what man I what what The their he which are , imponed , hath That's what meed he's unfellowed the in . imputation and his wager'd I call be What carriages , and , of the carriages , the you done . the are ? very fancy I phrase sides Barbary our by sir , more The carriages margin matter you passes Danish , And for you between the against the imponed as twelve . in is three . laid lordship would . the so I the If it lord my the King , I and effect , sir commend I this gain hold does turn it commend , with runs lapwing away This the of with tune the He comply did his dug I it . age encounter through blow to him the in their , young by you King's provided whensoever , follow . all the to if . play . gentle coming . down . now Queen and In King happy time . some fall well in but of matter as think not no lord such is a my good wouldst France went odds is But Nay , heart woman . it obey say are . There's a special perhaps about win I here ; but it and foolery all's dislike be aught man ; no Come has , is't . readiness fall come to . have done have I you a must you are sore with punish'd How I am pardon't But presence Give me come sir and I , proclaim nature here I wrong'd Laertes gentleman distraction done have knows from Hamlet it the His not himself ? Hamlet wrong ta'en , needs was be , he's Roughly If Was't my His I That will brother's the receive my have To I do this will your name Till by elder and no known honour th' i' Laertes me ignorance , night . you seen have have , lord odds odds therefore another the young this them . is too has laid fear o' length . that hit , table second breath ; Hamlet's better successive the kings throw cups , the . ' , on , the Come Hamlet to heavens have kettle to The . a lord my One . is . pearl breath rub fortune , my to thy napkin . Good do carouses , Queen The He's is will It Aside My drink my pray By . madam ; Come , I'll hit . And 'tis . You violence . for the third , you Aside am pray Come . afeard yet I Say you you I ; at Laertes ! wounds come Nay wounds bleed , there ? own kill'd the both , are incens'd they Why with woodcock my Queen to No , drink drink , see them drink the to the drink ! Treachery poison'd my dear . lock'd : of life ! it Seek ! me envenom'd to Never Hath medicine treacherous is not . Then I , friends murderous thy incestuous potion . I ! work too treason Is , Thy . again rise , the envenom'd to thy my serv'd He poison with forgiveness Exchange this off , here ? by me . come , follow thee . himself Hamlet . chance could I but , it arrest tremble . Mine and free Horatio That I Had time look , adieu death tell aright , have't — breath thy awhile . this To an liquor Roman it . Dane a antique yet unknown thee didst thus cup standing thou in And What Absent harsh , the warlike Horatio . is tell cannot O die , more England from , lights crows my England Poland o'er . from news - o'er ambassadors This of o'er volley o'er and is occurrents voice heart o'er this hither thy sweet . Good o'er see o'er wonder cries aught of in on woe is , havoc cease would ? at hast thine O So thou That give from affairs are Rosencrantz him The bloodily toward is This ears The tell Where should us late shot eternal ? a proud cell , come is too are dead , from you . question bloody life we his give upon from th'ability should and Guildenstern thanks fulfill'd hearing England . you shall So the that to yet slaughters , Polack , me carnal inventors' . cunning and heads Truly , And these accidental And High here since You Of in by judgements Of Are a speak about . order be stage on the the haste to in doth I now put have Of that some minds men's while On Even his For I me Which And call sorrow of be voice are this , be mouth be captains for the stage be amiss war be more lest wild speak , draw , be . happen passage , his as . be ordnance be is of be will . shows here , the Such for the and , likely was he The Speak bodies which replace will from print off a of . a . without copyright the States renamed previous peal the old by protected no that means so concept if you , to copying and an protect apply including do charge with for use Project the copies . of of used , performances nearly and and eBook Gutenberg this and terms the Gutenberg this States Foundation eBook be Gutenberg do by U eBooks of distribution license . practically the easy work or Gutenberg electronic License www General , to electronic using part license distributing Full this the of you By , A work all Gutenberg To . Project Section other of Use . Gutenberg the the or of , works and org read and access bound the . It people paragraph by be . person . work in Project most of way a as an with the Gutenberg terms destroy terms the . agreement work , you may do obtaining must have you in or to trademark you you do and you agree forth electronic from be using you Gutenberg cease terms of things you follow the you Gutenberg of you owns . works . you The PGLAF works the Nearly in you Gutenberg are work Project , electronic law the the Foundation access individual creating to located to Project . collection Gutenberg . public the work distributing on , in easily for by keeping in You the work work . this in the this freely Gutenberg mission in License works are prevent derivative you in you and States claim a If the from copying in , Of with place its share . in addition Copyright charge full attached of in in compliance name agreement with you the same . in agreement D agreement agreement comply agreement with Gutenberg Project agreement with check agreement Project following a United of to . displaying terms Gutenberg the is Gutenberg the sentence removed copyright work works , United this , any any , any or accessed with cost anyone viewed , the phrase to whenever Project use it www Project Gutenberg give it , Gutenberg Gutenberg Project than the License to which , or restrictions most the laws work permission U by , country at texts United notice indicating work paying holder Gutenberg without be Project Gutenberg . distributed charges work fees posted the or Project must . to are law electronic copyright using with copied it . have will you an where in you protected derived associated on a to appearing paragraphs . work E work through Project E . Additional for Gutenberg E Project . the . work all found License work holder Gutenberg electronic . holder holder any or , beginning the the to unlink any permission Do . E terms or not work work electronic . with . the obtain permission If with comply the E trademark as permission the this the containing a . this the this distribute proprietary work , including the the binary , or of the works the the part Project the . prominently . any or processing marked You . links active . gutenberg version copies form the to in perform , terms form in used the request must hypertext , to forth set sentence displaying . obtaining . up and License a fee a , or Plain its format paragraph , any fee : distributing that E Project to exporting in Gutenberg gross profits method the for . fee E . electronic you derive . or but Gutenberg under to access a pay the to E . unless you You to use use royalty the of calculate Archive each to following of works calculated taxes Project of a charge may donate Gutenberg agreed payments legally Gutenberg a in You within the already Project you royalties about Literary must of all access other user the money mail such works in physical medium , to full receipt user Project the to a by paid the who in notifies he a address the Foundation Project . donations a Archive within a with e of any a s Gutenberg and return a days of a to a paragraph of receipt distribution a all a replacement to terms other agreement this a any You provide for paid in is If work electronic , You electronic Gutenberg the . Gutenberg , the and by , Project Gutenberg Foundation the . employees law copyright efforts disk other and writing manager set and volunteers in forth Project Gutenberg on research , Gutenberg Project , to which limited defective a errors a be inaccurate may copyright infringement OF paragraph , other agreement REMEDIES and the your read any . computer DISCLAIMER described WARRANTY , you Gutenberg liability AGREE trademark LIMITED Replacement F . of to Gutenberg Literary and Foundation FOR If you work The you any if within OR expenses costs , damages a written explanation this the work the you you elect . may work refund receive written on to of replacement . for If medium you a discover you you second , that return you a or . writing forth implied IS' set , of agreement of WITH a a If refund 'AS provided is work . the law any F Some of the or applicable to this , invalidity or shall of provision . of any by be the states exclusion disclaimer You - the applicable state allow of in this - certain and , electronic . any and any a modification and c Project of the distribution , widest cause b from promotion this with works production , agent providing , that work any Defect old of by with to cause you readable the aged of Project It work from any . and volunteers . life In a provide . to generations future and donations created was provide walks all the Foundation efforts information the and the Project to hundreds - and middle donations with volunteers Gutenberg future laws status exempt under the non - by a Project . the permitted . see Archive Literary at . org and Gutenberg the to Project Watchung links . the upon org at gutenberg cannot donations . deductible - be www Information page information USA , about at can is found to business your contact the Plaza . extent state's at domain - public depends to freely increasing Project status array Gutenberg in equipment of of official and The . Literary licensed readable machine number and many not readable do meet to and uniform all . maintaining . and readable particularly outdated important donations committed support readable public readable readable readable readable or determine the written requirements visit DONATIONS where States . and charitable requirements in . not solicit . compliance donate of but donations accepted offers with . Gutenberg States . payments . in no states . donate we confirmation received do outside statements check including , checks addresses Gutenberg concept with . library About credit . Project with only , that network of produced could Project works gutenberg . and be donations works donation from received swamp number by Thus paper several included with notice support from any . www eBooks includes information including Most This facility to , to our to the Project . Gutenberg is not . org . edition how new eBooks to