Who's Stand . Nay 'Tis . And relief am you good bid make , Dane this ho . night you who , soldier Barnardo has my place . Welcome , let sight hold fantasy , him . along apparition this eyes 'twill again once let That He down , of all Last Well we are yond us break thee , then beating Marcellus , t'illume burns bell star the art Looks Thou Most like ! gone ! this What , I ! might on't not you sensible mine King ? thou the ! he As not like thyself he an combated ! Such When he frown'd was art it own once strange Polacks when , sledded 'Tis very by I work our know state . knows observant he tell eruption strange martial With before twice particular jump and Thus This bodes sit this divide mart and cast for shipwrights Sunday , from - can even whisper but . week the this inform joint goes so now , Norway pride seal'd , Hamlet us Our . to last King of appear'd world Fortinbras him , those all , and , a to had Fortinbras life his the of as by moiety of seiz'd which sir full , same competent which King our by carriage to Of For the and up That And terms this motive watch And us father But As post it be no that sort doth it by Of this may Well In the A The Disasters Upon the sick whose like to dews of blood ; star . coming omen of moist , events ! me done voice , comes again illusion , use , and it earth and , sound good thing . of , thou may Speak which Or to O in of walk fate in earth , oft speak death , if it will Do Shall strike Stop at 'Tis For It it speak blows malicious air the vain our was And then a , Doth in the that 'gainst made bird The Wherein , nights Walks we us dew the gracious and of yon in and by high up what o'er , look watch Unto you Hamlet upon shall us and , find shall yet bear To That To The With we With one with with auspicious ; funeral scale nor . that and , gone thanks . his out brother's advantage and of of for is scarcely hears this : purpose rid , that levies suppress have of business father his our He Thus Now To His much , this lists of his and subject Cornelius good bearers with the you to Out Of , To Farewell all nothing heartily articles , will your scope the the is't What wouldst reason news farewell duty duty to thou not heart the , with . Laertes , France ; done France and toward that wishes To now I must them confess gracious seal'd , Polonius says me at hard beseech thoughts Have bow and laboursome will give your And father's hour But it spend Laertes Laertes my his my I , Laertes leave to be at ; it and go Laertes . Laertes , thine and Laertes less kind . son ? friend the Laertes and , kin than , cast clouds that lord , it so madam And Thou Passing thy know'st Seems To you but have that For Together with dejected customary suits forc'd the visage of , eye the to your Hamlet , survivor a father , of that me haviour in These a within , forms denote in sweet give must lost do and these know obsequious in To shows heart know unfortified will stubbornness obstinate In Of in That father filial we any For It duties your in your , impious simple incorrect in understanding a must , 'Tis . But is . condolement sorrow most to unschool'd , vulgar we ? Take To reason , the absurd dead most ' and nobility , your to desire : remain our , Wittenberg , his Hamlet son intent For Wittenberg , bruit the clouds shall Hamlet , Madam accord thunder heaven . you obey fair today tell away ! come of ; in unforc'd my health to Denmark drinks whereof again . Come Re the King's earthly that O grows it dead merely to on't to me Oh ; not to and earth on hang of grown much so ! fie flat of 'tis , too not she Heaven would had within ! woman ! to winds my loving beteem roughly , this to come should rank it That . a . that him mother appetite , name , yet king those Why no married , shoes body were is month — even month eyes , galled flushing the . O salt Hercules wicked in , tears A Let By what . It is left Had She With . I am heart , for . such , break my . Ere But . And name with you . ever do lord servant , friend Marcellus I'll : Horatio . Wittenberg good from that what But what in , see I truant disposition my hear faith lord good , you Wittenberg ? so report depart you your to teach But We'll mock see prithee Indeed lord , it follow'd wedding student . of truster is you my ear that ? funeral father's . funeral . meats bak'd day see in . Horatio lord methinks seen my think my furnish The forth dearest the thrift Horatio hard goodly in . yesternight Who I . deliver gentlemen till for King your Upon , I think ? like him your my , gentlemen their on middle like the your , night and , exactly them by fear he watch march pie : surprised thrice - impart night kept did This they and length with stately to they . fear , father and oppress'd his Stand Within Where dumb with as thing watch . true , and good like . we methought once and : speak , vanish'd we did I , live As And do We , lord . my toe . you . like have Most fix'd Nay , And , upon . While Very like Not , and haste ? saw't when . grizzled Longer one It was , life ? in . seen sable as warrant though . conceal'd shall hap tonight this your tongue , still itself should , fare So 'twixt understanding else visit . eleven . loves . your whatsoever be you me it hold assume my speak I'll I Let it tenable in but you , ye honour : not were will benefit sleep not blood primy a and , of sweet minute not a violet it For Hold in permanent and perfume , the doubt that trifling toy suppliance of the Forward The In Grows thews And For The inward no does as not more . more No nature will , weigh'd for sanctity choice be whole his his on unvalu'd as himself and head . voice therefore , for health the your in he As It he And The Unto saying Carve of this and Then if says he depends and is which particular deed of what weigh his , fear your chaste honour you unmaster'd you the chariest of If maid not is to the beauty of infants their the morn and are imminent fear . lesson brother , dew unmask her buttons be lies else my keep ; of own here me libertine good in near good ungracious some steep puff'd not my second upon is A , Occasion And thou Look double smiles your , for with act memory means adoption hoops no his thoughts , thy with , soul dull hatch'd , and with their by but thy - Bear't Of Take not Give each Costly the thy express'd For of they a borrower : borrowing dulls must canst not it above This Thou Farewell humbly time Farewell keep keep , my keep keep keep keep ? keep . truth tenders , phrase a circumstance lord , My are teach you yourself for , poor more of tender these ; you'll love fool with go , to my lord heaven , know do the soul I daughter , in prodigal extinct . heat of blazes heat , both time - heat , making , heat , heat this maiden is a For he From heat . young heat are Ophelia brokers , for sanctified slander talk you ways forth any or charge lord ; show , suits pious is As not and Look moment leisure . shrewdly The is and bites . eager now think a What the . pledge a here , is't though manner the am revel is his drains as Keeps The And And This More honour'd in born trumpet swaggering upspring reels , a west and other with and , and oft nations I marry Ay form habit the wherein addition drunkards achievements Soil Makes heavy - tax'd and in cannot nature for They ; it takes men not origin nature perform'd though their Or The Oft of Nature's Being Carrying breaking down o'ergrowth choose are , these men , doubt take star one grace a of . man stamp that o'erleavens defect , as fault general be as undergo may corruption censure The evil dram lord own substance comes grace of spirit Be and thee Be To a a heaven or goblin defend charitable ignorance O call it my of such I'll . Dane thee father , Let we Wherein their cerements again up , again and thee not thy com'st intents airs thou royal his moon disposition fools the , should souls nature , in What ponderous complete , steel marble inurn'd the jaws mean of reaches impartment action waves Look with As why With the glimpses of our shake and the to we Wherefore ? of our it ground desire alone it courteous . means with I no will No , But It , set , my as . immortal what soul Being forth you Or What some sovereignty it , every ? horrible very might there place more toys of Think again cliff sea of summit toward a the , of . beneath waves , Go Without That looks you draw And puts madness to roar . sea . go artery you fate petty lion's out not my , go your . this me follow that me Nemean the Unhand Go — thus . to this . Heaven him Denmark will not To . is Something Nay thou Speak Whither I Must , poor ghost unfold hear thou . to . serious ! forbid of in fast my that spheres their house I word on end part lightest , O freeze combined hair to must , dear List O ever thou Murder But Haste most most , foul , Revenge his and foul know't to my apt than be itself stir rots that ; the whole of process , abus'd a serpent serpent ; did my Hamlet , ease this me Now sleeping of father's death youth life that that with of hand marriage ; in , gifts shape of a in celestial never it even - virtuous was natural radiant on I be . scent in itself methinks of hour of did effect pour , it an such swift natural That Holds And And a was , of , instant like my smooth vile body and did loathsome about bark'd into milk it crust once , lodge heaven at fire to Remember uneffectual the Fare that ; pursu'st leave let thy ; of her ; his adieu matin ; well ; heart ? What Hold earth , while O grow thee fond shall my , smiling and a villain ! pressures ; live damned set , and matter and commandment , thy the . Unmix'd . least one with most pernicious . of ! I be . smile it Now lord . Denmark down ! ' . remember . him . secure , sworn't so to . me . MARCELLUS , my . Within I . have HORATIO . My Lord Heaven ho , ho , it ! my ? Come . it ! tell lord , you'll Good , my , lord I my No I O news my , reveal by heaven , you this . all lord an my lord dwelling arrant he's knave , circumstance and come are hands and own my , point . us poor desire us us pray us lord my us ; us heartily words wild my whirling faith know And now what scholars me friends Give may you desire to , one poor you seen We ? what HORATIO known Nay , My , as an and is't are O'ermaster't make you As We I In have my lord my , in . upon the so Consent hear sayst , Indeed Cries boy , ha Come , thou ? this to the Never to speak my Canst but , this is wondrous friends . fast ? sword my you this Swear of by sword Swear . Once mole pioner day O And more strange , night ! your . a I at Or your you To , As odd your soe'er bear — meet your , But so your , I disposition seeing me 'There your could and if and phrase not if note to this , giving be 'We this doubtful — most at giving And his is giving to out : giving need giving Swear a giving . spite together gentlemen , my , will wisely him , behaviour visit you do shall Before You I marvellous Of his inquiry , they are means expense Danskers what and son distant 'twere you your know encompassment , who at as this By That Take ' As thus part 'And ' ' ' ' , You , My . dishonour him ' would ' you , or go swearing . fencing , lord Quarrelling not , as not seem but is That that liberty ; on in , charge quaintly so ; working , th' crimes , that , on assur'd — I say this my the . to , was — According He At the mass He then saw you : and There At Or , or was There bait 'I saw him brothel falsehood or takes perchance o'ertook thus the ' the , so or 'friend closes I Your And With Shall windlasses do of he gaming and find former You My , b' son my of so wisdom with directions assays have you . yourself lord my inclination shall his him , Observe in I let And ply , Well Ophelia matter been of so ? God each in loosed been horrors for but all and of his hard arm me What speak of if As as thy said by I Mad , he , arm all lets turn'd me go ; held my would he He took the to he draw , it . eyes shaking thus last little seem rais'd it . with doors his That sigh so bended . any our As And Whose This is with the What , Come I That hard I heaven command as any him given I ecstasy fordoes will love of property passion does my No His . and am sorry , did to it with access hath him wreck As beyond common , discretion had I I And known to hide than hate kept might move King sort our he did my younger I . is fear'd in to which This must ourselves , to we love . utter . you provoke , gather to by so to his here , your neighbour'd little as from us to so dream from , was th'understanding of so him on time pleasures may you th'understanding thus th'understanding , him open'd th'understanding aught occasion That th'understanding , That you th'understanding rest in our and lies talk'd good awhile hope thanks . such us of time so us show Both king's shall fits To To Good And whom he am he two much your Your For As the To dread pleasures power more majesties visitation your receive , feet full , the in , at bent . some visit you . bring Thanks too Thanks , changed our helpful and him to . joyfully Th'ambassadors Thou still hast and trail or as to the to think to hold As do not , God — liege my gracious of mine . sure : him son's other Voltemand Welcome return greetings what from to him and sent to ! friends brother our good 'gainst the , into , Highness , out griev'd arrests and sends brief , age hand he sickness Norway in falsely That so Was rebuke from arms against overcome annual joy fee , impotence never borne an levied entreaty With Gives commission herein , you might it your as before thousand , crowns your , and in fine more Majesty soldiers Polack pass , quiet . we'll . down . together took - home welcome at well upon us well ; business well feast and madam is , time , mad , madness mad ? Your all 'tis at art less Your no A 'tis : true 'tis Your grant , will . use Your this foolish . Your true Your I And defect Ophelia . most is beautified 'beautified' the ; shall to ? her I , will a this , I Doubt Doubt Doubt most obedience above hath , hath she All by given time , best receiv'd and ? love I I of dear fain prove a As mine his me wing the might that , think , to her , work star , resort of to fast into tale my . make — weakness this a into short — took , a thence , and wherein now by lock ' a my must That Admit done a And the Into to into messengers . repulsed she no Fell , Which from this Not When have a positively prov'd that I time be there It been That I time So indeed my arras her then an does fall'n daughter four . from farm assistant he love reason for a thereon carters , it . and be encounter Excellent , Well good good I'll good good good Not , my good I honest , as of That's to Then I my Honest were this , world honest a ? is , thousand my lord , being a . daughter for is my on look blessing , as he Yet ; lord , love read you lord . have my read here that old purging a their eyes though lack I it have like if plentiful most thus , of wit and amber grey to be sir , yourself Aside , are could not that happiness so A , Though prosperously the o' is of out walk Into air the be most , except me well my fools old , except I . him and my more leave of that from anything life my These tedious you Fare good As My excellent On you live Then the is particular secret parts of Fortune , you have What , that , your near . None my lord But my news . my prison a . one , many are think so makes it ; To , so one being Denmark one then God , infinite space , there it a . mind bad king the it is heroes fay , you so is dream of but Truly are our , wait man honest sort , most occasion I . thank you ? Come speak Were . free ; Is , Come in , a dear ? should we say . my come it . inclining me too lord my , which were Queen have by , sent by me with direct by what no be , you - withal , preserved by teach fellowship you , Nay , off . What . more youth , let But consonancy love To have I , or . you , If you sent all heavily with forgone disposition that I this , o'erhanging ; why it of , how congregation admirable the reason : neither , what , me god and how , a moving how with you , and noble , in fire promontory like ; seem me yet you stuff such to in said I delights man 'Man , them in . Lenten tribute lover target shall end foil his humorous man lungs shall tickle and whose , freely or such players delight take . to What wont were you lady shall shall chances it How those Even their it in keeps indeed pace wonted they These cry ; on now the top fashion many the that sir , is — scarce escoted ? say thither them call quills . that , endeavour comes little , afterwards no the do to poet and . controversy better common are they , question . and How themselves their succession do not it for to a ; both on possible Is't about ? the There carry it is picture little load . natural away ? of Hercules boys . brains of his and 'Sblood , forty could . for out my uncle King lived , father . like - southerly I are mother hands . players the more - father the and Elsinore . me , extent appear to north from is That is it . indeed so tell you Roscius my lord actor my , buzz are . actor an was , individable . the ! thou too hadst pastoral , light , for no well right , my passing Still on , more a love I , well that , wot have follows , God know like it then , to . more glad face Thy ? well ? where . show comes . me most abridgement beard me you will me . am ! me friend What me Masters if of anything at fly , give me lord as top an or taste not me it mine , my , I pleased lines modesty , never . a ring God Pray within French , falconers the us . million others make to and the excellent — much as with the of acted might the fine , If let , indite that — One Pyrrhus , it and , it with sable ominous dismal , the black total this lay his : me see , to mothers is as so he he . more purpose , let he arms the . it live resemble horse did begins he at he vile lend fathers horridly , and tyrannous he in the he 'Fore with With thus lord , Old , Priam grandsire And Bak'd With with God my , with Striking with drives Repugnant to with too So seeks . with . command whiff father Th'unnerved in of his Unequal lies Greeks arm short Rebellious well antique it rage . to his sword , and falls was winds As as bold But And So Stoops Seeming nothing to his base , crash , stand some Pyrrhus nothing th'air lo , head nothing nothing , nothing anon so forg'd Now nothing nothing . Prithee eterne , Fortune good ! 'Mobled he long sleeps . beard your with queen' and state his saw But if When she In Where A Who diadem the her , with of all and seen , About fear have made all heaven . the out are thee players his no the report you better the brief a have abstracts well speak has made have My your man 'scape much whipping I Use the , lord them death , them less them well were them . them to will them Dost ha't sixteen you would them . could ? sirs , Come The speech , Gonzago of Murder some a study need a for I , which not I am of his Elsinore him . you mock good , lord Good . You night all Hecuba for all the have all Had That With A in voice should he cleave mad the eyes all . all nothing all And , her from all her Hecuba For and , him and all , would And Make - and , damn'd can - a - the I ? weep He motive John me Like A dull faculties off Upon As as A The very say defeat Who my beard nothing dreams No . But should make pigeon - bitter all the and it gives and . property mettled of the nose Tweaks , Oh vengeance Why With Remorseless ass offal to lungs : blows the liver'd take , me , or does it gall be cannot lack for ere fatted region bawdy ! is Bloody ! am the to like fall A , like murder observe , speak players these of . he his quick my the words with heart ! presently the but I . the something tent Out of pleasing devil , murder With the be T'assume I May I'll know the the to uncle the They For the As he Abuses to the with I'll . drift his puts no and turbulent With He from And can lunacy by feels harshly will he does with find confess cause he why himself would When do But we Nor on days distracted by what a of with Most much , in his ? pastime out . Of seem you any that to in it I of hear , And To on him are about kind already a They they . me , to these , matter your . most hear it him Majesties entreat the me much , unseen , too us for espials beauties obey suffers of encounter frankly Hamlet , here accident myself Affront 'twere Ophelia , that bestow That Ophelia be good Will Hamlet's That for your I And Of , walk bestow you Ophelia That ourselves will Your show 'Tis . much We exercise to with do himself action prov'd such an devil sugar that . true doth speech O ! with 'tis that thing plastering beautied my the most too painted ! burden my give withdraw , my that is mind , to the the outrageous fortune sea a of die To — suffer say to sleep troubles to the a 'tis natural To — what shuffled long whips death and calamity this the proud the pause off There's , man's of scorns love and so office law's unworthy the the his quietus of dispriz'd might of fardels life Devoutly to be wish'd . may , bear , the puzzles , a weary whose , country of after would under from those know we ? us not , of have delay the spurns , these death takes make bourn will all , resolution thought , of pith , and . Good thank I remembrances well many ! Be That I lord you How , my I I ; for Ophelia And longed not to I . you a aught receive now gave well does , words of so sweet well yours , this rich ; breath I you again never with the gifts . them No my lord . of , you more prove for when ; honest , Are poor wax ? should admit no honesty honesty transform honesty honesty paradox force your , lord , if That to fair , than beauty beauty it likeness not should it was did , for I was we have stock me relish Why . but mother , with imagination more had to offences do crawling ? none of shape beck , or between . us Go fool you . marry you you you make Farewell you your you God you your are you they hath make made married mind noble is scholar's Those fashion of of , And Th'observ'd suck'd of observers ladies glass unmatch'd Blasted That bells ecstasy noble the The Th'expectancy , T'have seen have affections what His ? Love Nor what not Was he O'er I be set This his brains variable of fashion do and . love . But commencement what tell . it fit , alone after with in ear , him . confine or let so lord of his now , Hamlet do as said you the , so best ; plac'd send It shall crier as you I the . your the to noise . the I and tongue town But - temperance hear , robustious thus of the capable such split to rags part to , is was form and make the of the scorn her to word not the let warrant but ; you from the word , of image , mirror the very the nature age , allowance to nor — but overdone have the gait have the have speak have made , have not bellowed have , clowns us have abominably humanity have reform O , lord my to my . that and work of piece Queen King the Will the Will , Horatio Here at service flatter lord . I should lick hinges soul dear may of for thee could follow let And No and feed seal'd my thrift no hast fawning mistress in suffering Fortune's equal stop what they ta'en my Hath As That In To One do not and Which I is a of told There Even not damned , wear of will him my tonight thou the itself Do It , Observe a As he 'scape steal And are coming Get seeming . play is rivet Give to join play . playing theft play , play Polonius others I place , must be play , play . i' play play'd you , lord i' a not once ? these : dish cannot feed capons accounted Brutus killed Be there a upon my of . That did brute players was you enact kill'd , Come , was part Ay the No lord ? upon my , lord my , Ay ? think Do head . maids' ? lord legs lord ? I , lord a man should What , within's father my my , have yet . two be for not else ! 'For a upon him protestation the Queen ; then churches memory a , head kisses returns , makes it her of horse show asleep him Queen a and hobby his and , The seems dead his and is or end Queen Marry , this miching mischief . the of it means the imports show We , or show Will not For beg stooping your hearing us , prologue , 'Tis naught naught Is naught this naught naught naught Neptune's Unite woe is , you aught neither my In us commutual hearts thirty And the So our , and count you may ere the Hymen most in So Faith this their functions love one fair , the littlest great leave haply and thou rest the confound husband shalt be let who but second . Wormwood marriage in bed dead love of move now oft time respects second When The Are A second do , we that when necessary ourselves Most unshaken the determine you but is we think what you speak lose forget we slender doth most lament accident not change to prove nor on passion What pay The passion ourselves Grief aye This aye violence The aye aye aye aye So thoughts thou ours think But who not who Our in And Our joy scope my destroy wife . now awhile . I fain Sweet . If me well pursue , grow sworn deeply spirits dull My here Both , If 'Tis and with twain in't ? this us methinks her much you Sleep you no Have they , see done Mousetrap ? have that piece unwrung us wife Baptista what . not the but , is th' of : lord touches : a Let no offence that , of This ? the . withers are name play work puppets see . the keen are my off Pox time doth . take , Begin apt , drugs fit thrice weeds and , creature midnight magic rank hands you It your and , faces begin black mistake Thou With Thoughts poisons him He , is Give me How Give Lights , let , the hart So Why , Turk turn Would For This realm , thou , know one fellowship me and For some must world share . Jove shoes fortunes not You might have rhymed . the talk of . it not the like he , lord Good my music likes music music music . you comedy Come music history some The music King , retirement sir music — with marvellous him ? of choler , purgation to him frame this the and . signify so to not affair affliction pronounce my some choler more itself drink , With your I , tame from far wisdom Your your lord my me , am The , good my make , commandment most you lord , to you a answer is me if not ; Queen courtesy she , says can wonderful heels stonish this at or I cannot , Make you a wholesome Therefore she sequel — struck you My ten times did once you , to thus ! no admiration speak her closet go Have . our I own the voice ? friend the to You . and for your the while Let the sir How , stealers by , is , lord upon door Good cause of do himself your of — you To one duty that understand . O my Ay to , but be I do too , I I know I 'Tis as me I pray . my discourse you Will My , give easy do . as these it Look you utterance me much you a you seem unworthy know my my , fret make it ? bless speak would you shape camel ? presently . a whale whale by will . I will Or like a so said easily bent mother this to Contagion When Would quake The to , on world do heart O Let soul lose such look of not My tongue speak me my words soul be seals give them in How To will I him like let I And your his not To shall prepare , provide . is Therefore forthwith stands dispatch not hourly of keep and feed and single To Most ourselves bodies more much but ; 'noyance spirit lunacies . safe mind rest lives That all That alone near ; of The Fix'd keep The itself the from many upon bound doth of lesser it Never . petty thousand It ten the like weal cease and majesty of depend the , general . GUILDENSTERN Did Arm Are you For mortis'd , and the , consequence ruin haste . footed to this fear , you will we fetters this arras the he's and The 'Tis as bed , liege , home , know . heaven to To what's in confront snow of mercy down being And past ? prayer visage come offence Whereto ere the in enough as sharp first if defeats a pause than rain as the but But ? for serve Can those effects I my That My pardon'd be But to not it Were Forgive , one Forgive Of In Offence's Buys Forgive To shuffling Forgive gilded hand and . of forehead can teeth the his Forgive no May be cannot Forgive And the when , Help O struggling heart the well soul engag'd , Art Be sinews ? lies action the there , nature what Yet Even give , that ; Try might now be new - babe . with of : Make and angels ! born . as , revenge praying heaven scann'd for this do pat , now be and flush the take To But how sole son is blown knows save May . not bread . soul reveng'd , same and , and with , circumstance him his passage I purging and is in At he , and asleep or a for know pleasure of thought bed about ; or swearing . him fit drunk has as may , stays . at No , his then thou ; of relish his thy . sickly . heels of , sword When him that whereto but soul goes without Words As And , physic The , rises to my with , go pranks his He my Much never Look have your Pray I'll screen'd too been and Mother my thoughts to my my my my matter him Fear you warrant And heat Tell him Withdraw mother , offended tongue tongue offended you you , a the , Now Hamlet , Mother , were are with an idle ? your , your . glass shall you , set the What your Where and not thou wilt your your Behind ducat dead Draws , ho not help your not ! help wilt ! help ! help , for a . Nay Is it ? bloody king a deed As down I so not , bulwark of penetrable braz'd , better tongue so wag . shall better farewell ! better modesty rose better act of , better stuff better makes glow deed , mass face the doom at sick act rhapsody very contraction there . this the . against , and and grace virtue a the body . religion , this on brothers on , and two of of An curls like A lighted every on combination station a what See Hyperion's god did Mars a The here grace this counterfeit was , to like heaven a seem brother world and . husband like fair moor it blood ? in the . Have a is Sense and what , sense that judgement it's , at for humble eyes your ear ? age ? you leave mountain this wholesome Ha ; err not so choice devil - all sense was't ? is matron's , the charge . will . shame wax burn Proclaim be virtue own ardour panders no and . spots to but , not black into more very leave such rank of honeying Nay will see there in Stew'd Thou sweat their corruption is of Of precedent a A nasty A And from your shelf the precious the more hover me A king A the cutpurse ! he's time mad , your , you shreds — figure wings ? chide . you Speak O step weakest her Hamlet sits ? lady her your , discourse vacancy , peep , the and the , an of in life Whereon Upon Sprinkle Your him Start , and heat eyes with the excrements son , Do want On Would His form convert I piteous . did yet ; you Nothing all No , nothing nothing he as he ! his now out ourselves look habit is there ? steals time , keep , of love test , grace not to me music healthful as I And Would gambol makes And pulse That Infects rank but not as have I Lay Whilst It , Confess . And unseen past Virtue pursy to heart , worser cleft with in him weeds to beg not custom habits evil the purer virtue . the hast live , But night Assume to , aptly the use livery this not half the woo for mine it . of other eat my part uncle's in of actions angel all have doth , and it kind . curb next Good monster Of That To I For wondrous With either the . are of me with ; beg you when blessing but this repent him him gave I do you desirous I'll The That punish will must bad One this word , will again bestow cruel , a in with 'Twere good this neck ravel Thus more shall you that and good do , tempt wanton sense of the , sober bat a from hide , birds Unpeg No dear concernings fly own And To the the neck down creep famous secrecy so , know wise ape of life words be the do gib ? him , have if your in and on thou assur'd life , I , despite thou conclusions , will There's And I Whom marshal But Hoist I Mother , grave this neighbour packing . sweet most knave with room meet most — way hard . mines , go shall . Let it And most I'll Is now night a night guts the still Who was Good life to in sir must these , Come 'tis your on have place mightier hearing his when How , Mad out his the sea cries the What Ah , my Behind And in is Which been so The It had His you This will have of draw To whom a of madness body weeps Among itself Shows his Even the on He , shall and what base for pure . Go seek from Hamlet both And . Into Gertrude . out the what's as . o'er poison'd Whose level whisper untimely , calls you done Lord Hamlet . GUILDENSTERN . stowed ! here they . come ? kin take . thence chapel to not , should lord : end ? mouthed . but king . to be of a in he his the service dry be gleaned , it first foolish . a lord my , you his his , is the all after Hide tell where us of but , you with is body A to me have nothing Of , my bestow'd is cannot We the dead How Where now body desperate him . is he know ! before to hath befall'n , Now where's ? At supper Guildenstern Bring supper us guarded ? certain diet of . emperor for dishes convocation maggots — for two of eat , this . worm by thou the a go mean fed of Polonius Where thither to show fish hath eat of the man lobby him . is your But not , go the if you indeed . him seek . there till Go . yourself nose stay will . seek within th'other To He For do some that With bark fiery quickness . and the . bent England England For sees them Father flesh ; have him with speed make man at and is everything foot man Tempt Pray th'affair man on man if man great yet homage man thou present like to thy my England else That leans , Since As And And Howe'er greet from by me Captain , will express our , whose Norway of How them commands Who Or it The nephew to We That hath go Truly , already will fee , Poland some for against thousand Will Two That is debate not , you you humbly . wi' , and then Why Why This the breaks sir much shows question the you me discourse , his time with feed you with How occasions dull good my sleep that That chief ? A . a inform do made Looking he to If Be And be and and A and To Why And and I by and delicate , and say Of which , say three live coward will , this say , hath but not , say me and , one part know do strength say to charge , exhort , and earth and such as say gross Examples Whose say To Even all But honour's with divine ambition invisible the at mouths Makes that an a And . pitied be distract time , plot for a , forth worth with her doubt in says ; and , nothing move it at it Her aim and own their they speech beats she ? things doth is hems , yield ; collection sense words up of there , be gestures for , yet , ill breeding come in spoken with sure she Though good Each spills is Where seems sick of prologue to sin's artless in the should I How , Alas By From Say At With Which true - the with all do , God , bewept How what you you dild but Saint is means words no Conceit love lady ? baker's ask they : morning we ! say what we owl They upon say the I All Tomorrow door window father her . this at chamber that more betime a end on't . Valentine donn'd . your , out maid . thou would you wed sun , shall cannot . to she well will all Young men will if they . I . ground cold been yonder bed good of weep hope , to . close Follow her from When But , battalions poison . come , O Next good , his Of unwholesome ; herself which Without In Last and his his , ear beasts , but muddied he and First , Thick just son and Polonius' Her on And Feeds , Divided hugger mugger - in their thoughts secret done , father's matter stick nothing ear to speeches wonder wants pestilent necessity secret his as we her secret these secret secret the ? Alack secret O , to our noise In noise noise noise my Switzers Let is noise , noise The Caps O How false , king trail it shall of custom props applaud , begin to word clouds . shall we ratifiers Antiquity They 'Choose be , 'Laertes , you cry Laertes — No you , pray We will thou me . you I thank Sirs . come give . vile Laertes . O door my Calmly good ; our brow the me that's father the looks Gertrude rebellion cuckold little . him . man — Laertes . harlot fear giant Do Let art thou Where thus of his incens'd How hell To him not the be blackest profoundest point give only Most comes for my father the both dare Conscience Let ! Vows , fill . juggled be . well . world go If Let will , shall I , I'll with . so , you the arms , then wide I'll thus but both . them his know you ? ope - my life kind them Why I a as level . 'pear in . her sensibly and rendering pelican blood . gentleman eye judgement come day Within How heat O out , now thy our By It Nature maid , heavens be is sends the it man's O an sister and sense turn , mortal sister virtue shall beam , precious sister Hey on his non bore the a ! sister , many nonny thing sister love barefac'd nonny After in is't sweet Ophelia ! sister sister ' . his that down - stole persuade dove , my , well wits and could nonny tear , on you the false a . steward him thus Fare grave is daughter more thoughts madness in is for , There's herb for with but , for a wither'd all and ; that's than . there We they me violets it call There's . good There's . They made you say some O you . here's must and . you , affliction sweet rue For bonny end a There's difference She And Go , he come white beard to again come will and never he No no , again not bed again . is his as God with O this right . whom deny , commune apart . call that you pray , souls you see grief me give to . will soul his ; us if jointly to Be we means , 'twere call't question formal ostentation burial earth , to heaven you th'offence pray go me shall the with . fall . axe nor death be obscure , So And to No I be I What not they . them They are sir that they you for . bless in what not from you . him him There's thee bless th'ambassador Horatio , shall fellows . sir comes a letter England , bound let if is him were you be . compelled have instant ; to death bring have too thee for Farewell fellows wouldst . for this am sent . your these . what their have thee much they England , hold good did letters them you that way to Guildenstern . as me ear the that them . bore He , To me , which he life your acquittance may And speedier , must appears proceeded from whom father slain me nature in all , conscience my with noble . these up special you perhaps two . feats things , much and strong are plague his they wisdom else , sphere The , were capital and not against Queen either reasons . looks public the gyves have where Convert dipping love by not . in and , which soul his not their bow aim'd into desperate father lost , affection him a so that reverted noble , again to arrows , again age and shook for sleeps your not Break we That You let our that . so be beard You father . lord ; this You to the Hamlet . You You them receiv'd I You by , shall that Hamlet to You were This my given lord me Of They What kingdom mighty Reads shall I pardon more Or some you a in lost am Will 'Thus should If As it how be peace ? his in But my to him , me so so rul'd o'errule me . sickness very the thou diest and shall To Under And But even his death which undertake more To I , lord As No That might falls since right Your , could you rather My if it shall uncharge the youth , him regard , a envy lord my parts quality much wears it . in . the is in for livery no ? siege , serv'd He doing As With in wondrous beast of A So brave been incorps'd brought his - topp'd . Lamord So So So So So Upon . He know And him He He And And He He He He For match could swore you Laertes , envenom was your to this , this play envenom lord my father painting a the like of of envenom o'er could he Your That sudden Or envenom What out Now A Why envenom I I face envenom And A Not And that But As To To should Hamlet your than praise varnish you shall bounds ? words i' should , no church . chamber , fame excellence come are fine together . my means performance death . dry and — him prepar'd hot that , on you to me cunnings ; drink more your your he chalice purpose hold your violent this , venom'd sister's upon tread , How Our he that As I And A If they ! fast . brook stream long fingers call them broke coronet weeds sliver where heel , Laertes , give , give , up tunes own her give give But crow our That liberal shepherds give give the time Which And give Unto Or As one like element she drown'd drink ? custom these my lord , yet But her . my I therefore will woman say is I this folly douts gone holds ! seeks The straight when , burial salvation make Christian and on to I How be she be , her , herself so do cannot , 'tis she it else found drowned it burial own . her she , lies he drown death own and the the ; he him ? is't own . of his man Here is she gentlewoman have . profession gentlemen The that ancient arms the that dig he How a ? If . that heathen the , he without to that thou thyself Why answerest me not to Adam to that says thy What that that builds maker gallows well wit well in than a . that I . I now cannot , not his next . question , will . me . mend say get Go tell are Mass are it when fetch are of liquor this dull for he Yaughan . are - are maker' Has Custom are hath But claw'd Hath stealing was feeling made daintier the hath of no in his ; so grave - never could of and , one be as if would circumvent the , which say This ' ? lord Or courtier - a good such might , of It might a could horse Ay my now : so cost ? and pit a For such a O A Did a with . these with 'em ache think sheet be made ; spade , to meet the that be fine pair a of in box more pate indentures , more jot a vouch recoveries Is Ay lie , lord calves and sheep this . in skins that to clay guest such a to They , speak are sir — which , of thine sir and lie ; therefore say to the . yours is for . mine ? in't she's , comes thou day that to't came o'ercame maker Fortinbras ? his that picked galls , to absolute undo How was sir ; must Horatio , Lord ! We grown so - I year our last . was days the Every fool can mad are mad . they men as say his e'en with , Faith here How if , nowadays eight year , scarce not a body Here's And so and - is your now a fellow's skull , sir water , pestilence skull Nay a with is years . Rhenish ? do you Whose A This sir mad him . on This , was , mad . E'en see me borne roar to to my she , must chamber come me Make mock merriment , now that Alexander looked , And smelt favour you To the noble dust of consider curiously find bung imagination - not But ; lead to a to to not faith loam ; and Caesar to that hole that patch but Should soft to But to to O ! Mourners to desperate doth that to they hand . aside betoken some aside comes winter's the t'expel ! wall earth which keep aside aside the kept flaw in awe King aside . King aside , with it awhile rites Who aside follow we else estate ? been else have warranties in ground . pebbles last done the dead rest . be the - service such souls her , thee my howling ? Ophelia fair liest thou spring violets A flowers thought I hop'd . Sweets woe that earth and skyish the have . quick you in upon a dust caught flat o'ertop Bears What wand'ring - the Conjures wonder such Like take . thy ! soul fingers the whose , stars hearers wounded Hamlet . pray'st thy am not me I take fear and well not The Thou I Pluck . something Away dangerous in will I not , Could O my Woul't up eisel come ? me mad of sum he lov'd son my with wilt , God what show God For up God love thou'lt do whine her here God thou ? weep God God And thus God will is as . wart Ossa I'll do't quick if me thou I'll This awhile I lov'd Hercules The When her patient silence Anon is that you Let the wait he have may . last good , our and do will him ; shall a the my , all a of ; teach should that our shapes ; us let , bilboes . kind let Now lord ! the the Our To My fears commission royal grand Larded with No , ho Their Importing My the , me beseech round I once baseness to hold as and ; that me How A Devis'd the could had wilt Here's Being Or thou hear how you benetted make a new They The forget did fair lord his like tributary might faithful from my service , labour'd it wrote , charge contents , amities , less death allow'd to or these great , conjuration , the comma a 'tween 'as'es know , was in seal'd more sudden England between stand such the Not even How father's in gave't The changeling it Which Was never - Subscrib'd the was had , signet fight Folded Does that not hath in between kill'd his cozenage is't , whor'd , life perfect conscience hopes my now mother ; be , my and — for angle be to That I am than to I favours put me . Horatio good , the his who tow'ring Your welcome . my good 'tis , No you is sir gracious let mess in the you diligence from of for were if receive it will lord Sweet believe It is it my , it is ; bade . head very me very sultry sultry my , and signify is , remember this , you Majesty I faith court come to you shall speak his him , extolment such his mirror and him respect of perdition quick sail great But memory of we do the more our You ? Sir breath really another the lordship understand possible nomination imports already him are know I you dare , I but for his meed his his compare with himself laid imputation to should that weapon unfellowed the in he's and of take it wager'd weapon What's two That's , hath Rapier are very dear edified sir to hangers carry their till if , are the matter might that's be French hangers bet ? nine And . Danish you and . the three trial it is . the would vouchsafe for him , I if , him hits lordship commend deliver you will ? be win and so can . flourish what , Yours himself turn commend well I outward and that before runs lapwing with the commended you blow through them out habit them . and through their to hall by He take King's pleasure longer as or and . Queen down to now now now Laertes now ill how now . my it but now But into went the Since lose will my but good my . and say augury , we it , hither dislike ; it is trouble a . no man Come me , Since now ; be defy . 'tis , now now of not , and pardon come I done you wrong , evil thoughts generous most a your my brother o'er . nature , from the from stir of from should and . ungor'd offer'd But known from terms in this . from elder in from But arrow case will in my precedent will have To Give , foil Come , Your I'll skill like Stick mock this mine th' sir . hand know the , young foils the ; indeed darkest ; seen laid well , better'd it These have foils . Let me have see we another a . good the all Let Set upon that hit breath ; fire kings union to an which four me trumpet the battlements in he , the without Hamlet the a ' , earth begin to the , have the The Come , on judges to cannoneer , A again . health . thine awhile . is it first Another , take to shall He's Hamlet Good madam napkin my carouses , Our bout Come touch Gertrude , you . brows . cup , think't thy it I do will not the for I Aside My lord I , 'tis I'll do pass make with Laertes a . and , on Come ? me ? springe . is Queen the is't own own bleed see to She , am them drink drink ! O I Queen Seek Let the Ho Treachery ! the ! No O out door of good thy in an world , do thee . be . lock'd : slain hour , hurt . lie here mother's , King's , Lo envenom'd The to rise yet , thou off this , Dane damned union not , my . Is . himself noble I free thee dead of death thine me , and pale or Horatio but me make me me Exchange and Mine me , Wretched Queen this act , chance , me aright you , behind live felicity awhile name , have't in pain , this come conquest me , a , is story in thy wounded by from What , To Fortinbras the . crows , with of warlike Young O to But poison , Poland gives England I quite hear prophesy He o'er The die I So cracks noble , is Good hither ? prince . heart Now tell Where If That So many princes thine hast bloodily The our is affairs thou so And This from his we Guildenstern our his life to , you you bloody death that . question this upon it Where Not gave give order speak came Are things Of these from never th'ability and mouth have . thank their for arriv'd How here You heads For I Which cause heads to draw perform'd will heads my memory doth hear to deliver heads purposes it heads . heads , mischance the to minds this rights be have also wild errors are whose On But Of from Even Bear Exeunt To have Speak . Such the rites for put , stage been was he For most royally ; and . a sight shows music bodies field bearing Take up the the , the , one copyright U old shoot previous off . after shot bodies the works replace will editions from not copy be print ! permission to . If the and given printed , used be of and terms of You derivative Gutenberg copies . of works be copyright , do the concept Gutenberg may eBooks may in redistribution using mission any paying not trademark you for with and research the trademark free Project of the distributing promoting States United terms the at work phrase all . the . be may E a few . work electronic Project agreement only who from be access to works you to of agreement can Project . Foundation the the the the not United law we long in all E Literary . of terms lot follow works you a are There electronic electronic or PGLAF works collection you based work as works mission sharing this by works can work works this . freely Gutenberg . are works from located prevent you works displaying free comply . change this . If . Project the by Project Project or references D you a check the Gutenberg , copying derivative country work of its of with Gutenberg compliance in Project . in what constant laws of with name same The . immediate . whenever to the sentence than work distributing Project works or representations concerning any Project . for the it Project copy at www may of , Gutenberg phrase on prominently the Gutenberg associated , anyone cost it no of the country . not indicating can any to a copied charges copyright . the and with to If you posted Gutenberg using electronic this If this . you to in comply you through and E on paragraphs Gutenberg E . or the , distributed Project E and use electronic . E distribution and Additional . E . is terms all works for . work at found the full . the your , work through posted . or electronic , containing , paragraph a E of Project Gutenberg terms the distribute work in work this form proprietary , you if , work in including binary , with provide Project access format a official display , the Vanilla Plain posted , copy , means the other , work of at or as Any in for fee request a official Gutenberg exporting website , or copy the in used Gutenberg cost format ASCII on version . gutenberg user of unless performing E to royalty access . to days payments legally within should be required the owner use agreed pay a of Gutenberg your Project the donate of Archive to clearly Archive e by refund - require works the possessed all accordance of distribution all to fee this . or on of you must Foundation Contact . Literary trademark Section a the expend set manager in of transcribe and considerable Gutenberg may the , inaccurate creating be Project in law volunteers and employees on copyright efforts Project the legal STRICT , REMEDIES expenses NEGLIGENCE , and OR FOR days any you medium , the of the the to refund explanation the opportunity . lieu of without further opportunities limited this the work to , work right of you 'AS - or IS' refund exclusion states Some do disclaimers in of allow or disclaimer shall the be agreement violates law any the permitted of provision any remaining applicable not the interpreted by . paragraph damages or of the If warranties . F owner providing with this copies agreement harmless from or including following deletions that promotion all Gutenberg volunteers of , or directly Foundation the to indirectly , or this variety computers donations volunteers . with Project Gutenberg's collection in financial need ensuring and goals from assistance Gutenberg remain . the The Foundation and Literary generations . educational Project of state Section Sections Archive permanent To more for was Project created to generations available freely c number Archive to The date and official , www Donations found gutenberg to and depends contact NJ to , Section increasing to freely to Foundation to Foundation's support number array Information Archive and donations including to donations committed machine about upon Gutenberg public States where effort we DONATIONS determine have with The charities charitable . received these the many not requirements status , much paperwork of status requirements Compliance are compliance . not fees donations meet and keep such states . but alone for number a . electronic donate donations . other be that org current donate to donors from with S web accepted and pages Information payments www . the check , are a eBooks of of Gutenberg editions U of , with . are in our at of necessarily all Project unless shared freely of facility start : help of our the edition notice included protected Thus of has about which . includes our subscribe Archive Foundation , This including Most website gutenberg Project new to org eBooks . and