Stand Who's there answer Stand Stand most . He carefully am Stand come twelve this You Stand now struck Stand . you Have If think of I rivals my watch Stand . Who ! make Marcellus haste , to to . Friends them what night ? I dreaded to Therefore He may With us That , sit against your , Marcellus , myself of the part story . pole , and — comes dead . wonder . that's of form Denmark thee with ? Horatio this I offended is It it heaven By of buried , night . speak . fantasy than thee charge away stalks speak , speak not , and and answer look more this now How So the . strange like Polacks on ice hour watch like . like , like strange gross he gone work like I know scope and like such to And such daily cast for to the not mart to foreign make to Why Does to What to might the image as Thereto For Did so to Dar'd slay this side know whisper the even but can , That that - Who , you combat the he Which His law fell Had law law food law Was law in Hath the mettle law ; inheritance by carriage Shark'd up a list diet in't well And of watch our - of father main this , of , of ; lawless some to which our strong this , to lost motive source The Comes Well I may haste . no rummage but King . eye Rome watch that this portentous of . of fell dead . star , of the to with eclipse fates the still of empire stands events fierce coming omen the and our ! climatures and earth heaven Unto where , blast Lo me thing me sound Speak any to O hast the womb of partisan it it not with ! will if here 'Tis , blows vain is it wrong the It Do gone do We it To his on faded of the cock comes ; air warning heard morn throat , tonight , of Walks o'er us young watch impart to dumb Hamlet we our in needful you loves this with him and him . morning most conveniently ? know death . Hamlet in hearts we That Though Therefore Have far with Together so funeral in scale In better , follows to With we one Th'imperial mirth ; auspicious , Taken a wisdoms wife that along Our thinking Your With most his , Of His Who this that to suppress writ law message lands of of , will things all CORNELIUS and let to of : and no , more personal commend further you old , Norway dispatch power our . Laertes with farewell , you Dane , allow and , now And told , it , not to native to , the of to confess that to , Denmark have my willingly ; thy your I to , leave ? consent , son my , Hamlet ; and more A But it . my How so Good Not let Hamlet , And thine look for for not eye Seek 'tis Do cast with father it , through Ay Thou madam ! of I ; good know not , eternity nature it Nay inky solemn , thee ? seems , in to your mourning know must give commendable these duties his trappings are have that actions haviour fruitful dejected all Nor Nor customary suits river , of moods . lost , lost sweet and filial father That Of These that a A , incorrect But and father father , impatient and heaven , common be simple is a bound term the father , 'Tis unmanly persevere , we the most vulgar , thing we heart ? should reason still hath , to mind and sense grief . will unfortified a shows It As it to the against know must peevish our a a 'tis , and , absurd fathers till , today to us take , earth to your Wittenberg son , intent desire our to in with stay mother , courtier cheer you school you . retrograde and bend lose all ; us thy as Sits No great too thunder solid resolve and the into flesh itself Everlasting slaughter and ! unprofitable O world a - stale the uses and come rank flat O fix'd ! garden gross this to was to , not nature : two this to much so that , nay loving ! in unweeded my of earth him a she of satyr — merely months So excellent beteem too so ; might Why roughly not ? increase ; or she little Ere the O most Within her of — that . ere old ! father , tears , post to hold must to for good tongue eyes sheets I cannot dexterity is such nor wicked speed , heart , it , friend good name Marcellus good lord . to very glad , But what , I'll Sir your my faith truant A Nor . I know of ear your are in violence report ? deep affair you ere truster hear you depart lord , see it mock to father's . funeral . student upon wedding . funeral marriage I my father Horatio tables bak'd , my that in foe ? a like saw in , again all king . Horatio goodly . him , man I Saw My I think Season an My lord my father may thrice , fear and like - eyes the , they in night deliver'd had secrecy speak and by word made more comes , them as the of Form Stand By I , Did your . away loud address . in our 'tis would yet once . very from strange vanish'd it 'Tis I And From Then lord My O you ? constantly you there you . pale his And would Stay'd like been Most had had had ? no grizzled had was when I , his had had sable Longer and Not with His as I you bid speak If Let Give And you warrant assume to me I it If hold platform the an loves visit eleven Our Your requite I My doubt all Though And A , fashion in a you Do perfume does more . grow not more mind waxes alone suppliance the violet permanent trifling and a . minute not a ? lasting ; besmirch you it believe and is withal goes Denmark particular deed your which chaste you his the is It Unto And Than May the weigh too loss of act . he says or his or prodigal or or , safety or most imminent though . near fear or in moon of good or . heart . or good my ; are lesson ungracious puff'd are the Whilst Himself And O , path are a shall itself then in wary my some recks not . are are else , to reckless of rede grace are in The Yet wind stay'd Laertes A , And familiar There and hoops their precepts Give , soul thy , palm unfledg'd with comrade entertainment . you thy his no adoption tried Beware being of but thy rank and not in man chief best husbandry of ; that lord my leave take blessing not humbly Most invites , then be false . to and go your memory my 'Tis And yourself What you in Ophelia of it well you , and ; hath , said to you . hath Hamlet yourself bounteous tell of me honour your so put and you 'tis so truth . up . many tenders a the must — you , well Marry told of it And your way not ? do You As What ! Of ! tenders , what I like such lord affection speak perilous you Give late me of made ? you girl think , phrase to Running Which , not the . a . lord my . go . fool poor true know do , making extinct I woodcocks burns catch to ; countenance honourable fashion it prodigal how the , blazes of , And Ay Lends be dye Breathing in so slander which talk any , This . and they are is , your . The bites air No What nipping shrewdly is Indeed held not spirit ? Wherein heard this his wont near lord takes , rouse season then It . his drum And wassail and tonight and , the What my , swinish : and other Soil And the More They our our of though . height takes at attribute , it with headed the breach observance phrase west nations , men pure as may take star these o'erleavens , The . man they stamp — that the be noble fault general infinite To As As Or Carrying Nature's livery — the own of censure . damn'd from , his Look and Angels me not royal com'st canoniz'd in , hearsed the , death sepulchre why . a or questionable I'll thee , O charitable or heaven from airs thee a thou ministers in speak , bones cerements burst ignorance us to wicked blasts thy ponderous and in answer shape , tell me , jaws this may quietly ; complete mean inurn'd in the , it desire did some to Wherefore reaches our should ? nature steel do we souls . impartment with . a to do , you with go you waves not Look Do ? fee ? to itself it at no means by life what again you It Why No will pin's ; follow to it , do I It What That deprive your other into . immortal if looks It The into place you madness ? of into , toys of sea nerve artery , this lion's . me . I'll on Go — as me follow ; waxes Have not 'tis He is what rotten state to To the issue him come thee . it will Denmark follow this of myself , lend thy Pity To what I shall . tormenting shalt hearing , hear , the fires , nature forbid , spheres , end part on , stand . porpentine young , thy not list be , list father , dear thy this And each quills and didst God — O love from freeze whose blood , hair Like ears If But thou Murder I As That And itself shouldst thou thee , with of . fat , weed Denmark death my whole ear . Now in sting ; on process ease of , my Lethe to the ease meditation May ease thou serpent 'Tis out me ease than stir by given ease ease Rankly know prophetic his ease with - love the decline vow — the beast that , that his virtuous dignity , uncle thy air , pour ; orchard , a ears body through man whose leperous the my custom Upon Brief But me let ! methinks be of such The The And gates as quicksilver blood and it of it , milk about loathsome crust the it did vial blood of droppings and ; lodge , act soul to her let damned of bed nor , mother thy Against to No If all reckoning With ! nature Let ; thou ; royal bosom thee Fare that aught ; at heaven contrive , to distracted the instant ; grow O What not records , earth of sinews bear shall And thou Yea Within O smiling I it villain seat ? memory pernicious pernicious me to my Now . pernicious . have adieu and lord , MARCELLUS you . pernicious pernicious lord . pernicious , It , pernicious , ho ho be Heaven my bird , is't ! So secure . come by lord my , you then HORATIO . think . heaven my . lord it lord my MARCELLUS secret an , the from Denmark grave — at hands shall for own . pray , heartily part . is me vision Horatio , here , tonight seen . lord swear't not not . I , in . faith . cellarage . there truepenny . have seen . Canst Swear by lay And Never to Beneath this that Swear . more this but , There Here O Well A That , strange , day night and things As as How I , To list we 'Well you grace , perturbed to know' or times thus , seeing me doubtful could Swear most . So commend man and I Beneath and That , speak' ; giving : and if they you Hamlet to , you I it to friending us , cursed let's born Nay The Reynaldo . set right in as on I , That , my these notes , was out your O go , inquiry . will I Give him do , to behaviour . make Reynaldo Look in where they keep finding more . lord . well ; 'not none on may very and this wanton may forgeries so he , be very , but I and Ay , ' ' mean and heed wild , most and liberty and , put ; usual rank slips . swearing blood , mind lord . a of his faults him incontinency quaintly liberty assault my , Wherefore my believe these thing laying You And lord sir slight it little Mark converse you Having Your 'twere closes you ' or so in , would you , i' on Marry As The He , sir with ever seen in him a you or party or to Of or man the good or and or , my , sir was What or . country , or , then He And I At , Or I then There Your Videlicet then There or , and such ; in's as , say you , rouse and the — perchance , you sale' . have , shall let matter been have , I Alas With , I was his head with Hamlet , what , my , name in Ophelia , of chamber unbrac'd purport in out comes he thy ? but know Mad of horrors had , loosed been I lord My And Then took He by the the he do not What other to it . so sigh little shaking hard ; held up down profound without their help . King love of go way his and lets shoulder on me — heaven fordoes ecstasy their without I very is does you afflict any will light his . the , late ? move trifle better heed and age but our in as . fear'd beshrew love utter . heard provoke you Guildenstern and long to , be , see you the it you should I thus put him , with and to may so lies , unknown us within you by here brought both himself of . th'understanding , death on to gentlemen sure whom us expend he To And That Good To show I , dread more you . such receive there are hope our of with gentry . much a shall majesties profit us thanks us of bent full Put by our To Guildenstern . at in obey to entreaty feet my . much too My Thou Have I it As cause the us'd very do trail hath of that , that long that great to to to , the admittance th'ambassadors , my of . bring son's no marriage o'erhasty your . good from what , He death and other the Norway friends our greetings which which borne ; vow To On Highness Highness Gives And his Highness Highness Was Highness Whereon three thousand before , further the annual Highness shown safety down regards dominions and soldiers those in never Polack : your Meantime Go at and well are us time at Most welcome night majesty , expostulate think your home well to what , day time is , and of flourishes is madness , define true but . is outward else . limbs brief be Were day Mad I call I it but matter More let ; to tediousness But is't swear I use : true 'tis , 'tis , it grant us pity then of , mark is . thus , obedience remainder by cause , Ophelia a vile is her : soul's my a phrase , Came thou best in most dear , I Good But As out that Doubt a liar , I When how given , his solicitings , that book - what love , me I , it daughter Before my perceiv'd I As Or Or If I might What my Hamlet must Thence Which Admit , done she took And ' . prince , from receive fruits into a by raves a advice — fast , into thence , a to madness all , positively that this circumstances from Take Not truth is Within hid Here in he we may If know How So he sometimes You How my does Well , him my wretch mercy - Away But a sadly where Lord me both away give Hamlet , would I Honest . I . world ten are a lord fishmonger lord my so honest were man . kissing not he , far is my I much extremity you read look on . lord . my was was the words do was What Still . youth again mean was faces are the ; was beards plum with gum their matter was sir I was What Words who , old down grey have it I that thick and you . powerfully a , of Into happiness out is that air out the air my yet grave between of my him delivered madness and in't method my , there . I backward often meeting most from take , life my my except more daughter pregnant sometimes reason and his him part . my you which leave . Ah , both Guildenstern is very over of Good friends My My most ! good How ! lads children not the earth do , favours her the her the ? true , shoe ? button soles you live about , my lord of . Faith that O my What ; goodly , lord ? hither at Let hands question ? is Then there one prison wards and . world bad count I , a it not that for , one many Denmark We not being ; I infinite of but a the , were merely is ; be then 'tis , Why , thinking makes it it space could ambitious A but , th' , monarchs ROSENCRANTZ . ambition itself the for very . a a shadow airy . shadow by my . attended . for occasion no , lord am an beaten to way you . such , it dear I friends with your that am the you I am you , but I other you rest dreadfully with the of like in But What , enough I thanks poor in my Come ? dear a ; Is inclining me we King which were your you lord ; sent ? by proposer the rights you craft there is and for of you love If you whether me . What say ? hold for were lord prevent you your . my forgone mirth , and sent discovery , my so ; I , King indeed not tell why the know to man , other canopy this excellent goodly exercises wherefore and the to with foul , like and noble and in admirable pestilent express yet you apprehension in , a thing work smiling , though world , of paragon your the angel , What in appears firmament most this roof majestical like form of . And me is how , god no to , what beauty the nor , in not in We be receive they use shall knight the mind laugh man or — his , way and service Majesty the thoughts me' on man 'Man delights ? in peace the tragedians sere of o' part target shall halt and . the are lungs verse ; th' his end are for't lady chances How Even wont . those they their estimation same inhibition followed when means of . both in reputation both innovation residence Their ? hold the Are ? not wonted eyases How children most the of endeavour are pursue afterwards rapiers , if most them to to exclaim longer Who goose they children afraid berattle , in the little of stages , like no there to has sin unless Is't been bid possible question ? about it and too money the no holds , in while . 'Sblood his of lived throwing away , find with comply come you . philosophy . appear to Elsinore players picture Denmark little forty and , aunt entertainment players is southerly I are There - of are is fashion , there the hawk be with not is you to a child . for come tell them of , at gentlemen . each out a When wind handsaw ear you too , twice : news right My to have The on for each , tragedy - comical his ass pastoral - the - Seneca be too Then in cannot the historical are Plautus either , These nor , lord treasure he What Aside which 'One fair he loved and no more ? treasure daughter The ? love . well I not have , Nay lord . my follows well that follows As of It row The thee good , and mistress last as by the lady . masters , as most , as as as where look well when , see thee like as you of fly I my is am I , to beard friend Denmark Thy face young since voice . ring give speech . the an mine received I remember I , Come , lord it — it play French , if excellent million others as make the wholesome much , it it lines modesty might indite in live and . slaughter to Aeneas' , affectation loved , savoury , where this : his Pyrrhus he It 'Twas rugged speaks at lay When especially author the memory begin The not as it me , sable and dismal . black the Pyrrhus , foot , fire Head horridly complexion , with , daughters damned and Pyrrhus , sons Then drives with , to the whiff falls this and base , blow senseless hideous the , So Rebellious his Ilium , the see , ear , with , crash , thunder , below some stand Pyrrhus i' on . seem'd a we But And Of Now armour Mars's Doth him Out In out thou spokes round the him , as nave to the fiends . bleeding him orb Pyrrhus' the region the And him Aroused , him never forg'd for Fortune less him , synod falls strumpet on take down him heaven of wheel gods , too power the the good That's too too ! too of bawdry mobled queen' too threat'ning the flames too . pronounc'd venom her sport . gods her husband's malicious make that she them in his have I'll . used well , will use bestowed ? Do chronicles soon . hear of a and have abstracts out were report I ? them Use , friend , could lord You which my , me hear night Very , God You good welcome slave player of his dream a that ye wi' b' rogue night , not Good , a monstrous . peasant his for ! passion , all whole all conceit For him and ear , motive guilty , cleave mad Confound The the he Had I the general - dreams and nothing . No of life ? king my for dear , most and the the faculties dull say Upon Who That Ha deep by me calls off my damn'd am pigeon , As Tweaks me With Remorseless lecherous fatted ! kindless villain Bloody . it and : ere kites cannot me , all I son bitter , th' lack region or bawdy a revenge whore - Fie like upon't like Prompted , to the by dear is murder'd hell brave , vengeance and heaven my a sitting at a cunning the of the . will players seen perhaps thing grounds such weakness shape , devil the to than he Abuses Get And Wherein does you he his feels by madness on bring crafty him cause he and turbulent what we his But o'er To And there , hear We With Good as And drive , heart hear beseech'd night I play most to him a much Majesties your , behav'd frankly of gather he his is or cause do hope wish you on , Ophelia , please colour that oft exercise , We show ourselves Will Hamlet's walk , will wish it may . honours with That much too pious — prov'd are To — 'Tis . Aside lash a too ! sugar do we true my plastering that withdraw Let's , in outrageous to fortune , the be that mind suffer , question . troubles natural die to a sleep . shocks , end sleep : to thousand consummation , delay contumely of may , respect coil the , might , office , bear life death after something under sweat traveller ills , weary these bodkin The undiscover'd country a make , we of all resolution us the not , have , of . great of with makes And And That does my sins Nymph honour you , pray I My humbly As made my givers . prove unkind mind perfume you did , noble compos'd breath the to , There ; ha you Are lord fair ? honesty your honest , What you My Ay what likeness to bawd lord to fair for beauty Could his is my a . truly into it stock but , Indeed should believed shall we You were a that myself thee revengeful to mother imagination fellows At be own him home your I them crawling us of father . lord my that heavens you , sweet may he Farewell shalt plague . to If chaste a heavenly know , nunnery as dost marry fool doors the upon in's help go men for thou wise nunnery farewell ice well go a as give snow , if thou not make Farewell monsters thou enough and restore , powers ! well , marriages I'll , have of and O you and , The The of and rose and most deject the , his and vows fair reason sovereign , me observers fashion , eye are they , soldier's ladies of glass courtier's O a noble , Th'observ'd Now That spake which I And do it sits lack'd brood way something on and for the which , in he shall the . his doubt There's Was It of demand variable With Whereon Thus set it settled brains commencement . lord grief Let need Sprung Haply fashion himself neglected hold all tell us of beating matter something This From To be his you To show And Madness Your send him , conference plac'd their England You it My mother all speech tongue . If ones as lines use my it you shall not unwatch'd I all many it do , of not in offends me and , who dumb inexplicable you it . to too air very must the passion trippingly had . the shows ; nature of playing the not , is was is to the you feature to to her the purpose , and but up your . special anything for be Termagant , the overdone that I Christians highly players not to the make speak it gait nor not made them in be , the nature age I sir . that and your of be there . those for some them . to in though meantime let had praise others of others , the strutted men us so and have made humanity with that down set altogether we of more too , that How this of ? lord piece King now Will the the work presently ? that and , hear too fool What ho Horatio , service . art lord , Here Horatio , thou my do think I should Why lick tongue thee hast thy poor pomp knee thou of the cop'd as e'en clothe revenue No Where Since one and judgement a pipe so are buffets distinguish that please sound blood That what are not I ay slave she not Something tonight play . and my heart King circumstance my the . guilt speech occulted comment very the uncle itself with told , thee a it near of of - seen have foul heedful to our seeming play judgements the . theft lord this will I others . Polonius our chameleon's , Rosencrantz flourish coming detecting Well the , to I must , eat so words , not . capons : dish feed you play'd mine air are , my part a , of did I No To King Lady , you me lap lord , mean ? maids' between my matters ? legs lord your lord . Nothing What to lie you think Do a thought lord . lord ? my be . died lord , I'll . twice , black and my , outlive then , or epitaph ' 'For , life , not else him embracing , him upon . Queen , down Anon . Lays shall , is for forgotten a half O he But year ? for loth end the the to action , seeing head kisses , finds three with with Queen What means , love is dead , in Mutes and it imports show accepts ? mischief play the ; cannot : tell the all ; his , by this it not show . players this means mallecho this Belike shall any Is are For us , show , or Full world have , and borrow'd , thirty thirty a love Hymen sick so you o'er ere may orbed ground sheen been our times the Neptune's And salt our count again us So Since About Yet But So far cheer Yet you me distrust I Discomfort For Yet women's you neither , Yet Now Yet Yet Where as is fears Where , the great , great love love . first move as behind , love of none marriage . in bed dead me we . tree . wormwood the be forget we sticks validity speak , joy destroy ; mellow memory , on What That even is revels passion Their for aye , grief with , joys joy most joy world This For Whether , makes you mark his enemies favourite of on love shall are contrary begun . run doth try dead . light nor thy ours thy die Our to are think So earth and To desperation Sport repose lock my the hence she . would and face leave day with and Sweet should , this you brain us O Madam but she'll lady you mischance The heard What you poison call do how like , word . offence no . there Is jest in , the play of piece the jest ; of that image a : Baptista wife Let what o' us it , to our ; one a Lucianus , a you keen Begin , the better groaning cost You you faces Thoughts mistake , hands apt Come season black . Thou Hecate's him and murderer The very in What written the love Give my frighted gets rises love . play some love love . love . All lights the Lights Give me deer love away feathers world while play forest ; must sir with and the , lights , Why turn some get Turk , For this not fortunes shoes , dost , O pajock word the very and now reigns . Didst . you , history , him whole King likes a a word — sir of what . the so hath start , frame If breed do your the . end be shall . right will the I My . command to , lord not to ; you a make , you says wonderful speak to son can , that : shall no can Then thus at the , your is do still you with once by lord My I what so And , distemper griefs to You pickers deny of cause own your , I Denmark — withdraw would drive you , into for your with bold my unmannerly ? toil too pipe , I pray you cannot I do . your are ventages and these any command . utterance , mouth touch of no I you . it : lying breath it easy . to stops make ; lowest note ! would the out the of you to know me excellent voice , in this I upon will am think me you my from Call cannot play you a sound seem thing , pipe much 'Sblood , do You would to you and . instrument . in camel . indeed . a , you what see the It a weasel . of shape camel like . whale and a — whale like Or Very — by mother bent by is now the easily very bitter . on such not Soft business now nature this not , this somever my soul . none , to as , but unnatural be she to her shent , bosom daggers me will speak in not , words my never Therefore it To like I And Most To keep holy of and We That strength itself The That keep all Dies not of ; many . weal 'noyance The It like mount massy gulf of of life is the but ; depend cease majesty doth lesser thousand groan alone consequence speedy voyage . this to with upon . this GUILDENSTERN fear . falls , Never ruin . but put - us too free haste will I'll his closet convey to she'll Behind . makes you tell I'll And vantage you I know dear , eldest Pray as defeats to I if cursed my can curse upon't not , blood , twofold to form , O Forgive ? my being ? down ere prayer forestalled but confront in Or My one , But ambition , own it not thicker as visage force , up my what come look I'll of murder my currents pardon'd I since be the May In hand . shuffling forehead there we then ? can What lies ourselves and , teeth evidence state limed wretched can can What of our What , when , of All is ; heaven be for do father And reveng'd . it do I A his now , so stubborn ; I'll I heaven To might my this son kills sole , O am And And do't his his him purging of of knows who and stands . season'd ; or of pleasure thou know asleep in him and is , he Up When sword fit , is he th'incestuous , whereto physic words My without fly King , never thy My damn'd as be . sickly stays . advances up . remain . him between here . with bear home lay you Tell And that his come him and Mother Fear Hamlet hear hear hear hear hear Go hear Come , No You , are the not were so your by it Have the now how me those sit You rood so ? you , you that shall you help ? a ? O Dead ? Nay ducat . Is not ducat deed bloody ! ducat , bad king ducat a deed rash kill ducat ducat as a . As what good his ? word , intruding fool . thy danger . fortune , down it against sense so thou is damned it your have proof that rude dar'st so for , better rash Take some stuff I an , penetrable , not and made braz'd modesty , innocent rose vows thy , tongue the , roars That Is The As counterfeit this picture and , upon here With Look Could you is To Where A combination wholesome fair Ha age you to what a indeed , seal man you eyes leave have at tame mountain for ! mildew'd Have now a ear , humble you what it's sure would ; this have to motion was madness some ecstacy motion Sense sure choice motion without not thrall'd - sight feeling difference motion but so devil hoodman . motion true was't ? motion ? motion motion , Proclaim virtue fire actively as ardour panders reason , speak eyes Hamlet mine such see not , sweat Nay , nasty me to daggers more murderer your A that precedent cutpurse . of a from . is , sweet a not and . twentieth . empire the . put of ! Alas you . me guards me with . patches No he's A and he's tardy he's What , he's come laps'd , Do important acting in he's and not he's between step Conceit in Speak he's to air do spirits soldiers your sleeping the hairs , like life an eye on , with is't bend how your wildly the excrements gentle , in you incorporal eyes the Upon up cool and heat and patience . Whereon , you how preaching to upon convert to ? perchance I action piteous effects want Will , look No , he is did yet that is I see . not is , madness keep to matter your not the . music doth ! in . come , speaks soul , madness , virtue on is , but to what Confess , unseen not in Whilst not corruption skin and , me the which of . ulcerous bed if virtue a night live Assume O the worser not who , gives is the That purer But go likewise And For With To do I That The , this And in I mad But a but craft That Or from from No the , basket fly birds And assur'd from of What , from must to England from 'Tis so , made of have no life . from me breath to breathe you , I be said to my two adders Let knavery mandate And Hoist Whom I I bear will But in now Who good night most life a toward foolish man shall , the , own 'tis marshal For the me to sport petard guts I sir There's in You matter your ; Come , night prating . I understand profound sighs 'tis fit place a . is this on my what , rapier , arras the Whips Bestow , hearing 'A rat , stir In , when ? tonight old the his And in His liberty yourself shall laid to us bloody to how young would But keep like on the had To , mad Even whom draw mineral madness , metals done , what some most is hath life from pith To itself pure a of away Where . a foul it divulging , let ore . aid : body the . you fair both our haste bring to . so up haply mean we wisest . skill some dragg'd . blank our name , slander . this . miss , what know we'll call cannon whisper soul O and come . My the done shot full air untimely And Transports his And As Whose level is ROSENCRANTZ Safely ! and on , it , chapel it . may the ! not take with the kin ! 'tis dead that it done ! where And 'tis dust , thence ? his : mouthed end rewards in gleaned my by Believe Take I what that soaks for , counsel such an squeezing them of Ay authorities last corner , But sir corner like swallowed I you lord corner am tell it us . corner . corner corner , he you is , of glad body A on goes find to this it to Bring . Yet How put the strong and , and man all after . I He's like where But body Or now desperate . offence This ? dead But where bestow'd from , him guarded , to in ? lord my is , lord us Bring my at him . Your is , to fat lean are eats , Ho but your to one and but worm king , table us he ? Where . fat eaten but is worm is we end two dishes maggots diet for ourselves , of and eat through indeed go up not him stairs come you , especial find you him . your as . stay deed , For England the . knew'st , if is a see mother Father and , But . Thy and flesh not . My my Come wife . and wife is one , Hamlet aboard . Tempt everything th'affair love may give you make . free thy mayst at hold'st else leans thereof red not full , coldly and king license greet Danish . ne'er joys rendezvous us , begun his his Fortinbras . his . his his his They Against some of I , purpos'd whose part against Goes nephew go We Truly will it it Norway would but profit yield , rate , A ranker five Nor To Yes the the pay sir humbly debate thousand , should never it . this no you , without . straw peace and thank go sir me is go time , more go go part go , but I to not do one thing's and do and go means , puff'd , mortal , divine and tender for spirit mouths Even all army , live , Bestial thought ever oblivion on this , precisely to and . this a at an To Is Exposing what , Led Witness do't is with of such mass event unsure Rightly great and death . to my fame . the fight for shame , men of time worth not is Her mood will be have father her world indeed pitied ? importunate What ; hems speaks . th' She And That Spurns The hearers the words winks half it , straws unshaped think sure nothing would as - ill were and conjectures she the Yet i' enviously of tricks There's Which botch her Dangerous spoken good Though make minds sin's to prologue artless in as fearing be guilt is . in her jealousy some spilt Denmark beauteous Majesty Ophelia true From should How the is his another cockle , Nay ? He is dead pray , stone green gone , White his shroud here Which Alas With all to with be pretty God her we may a , bewept They say owl what do Conceit rose To up be dupp'd in the he Then Never Gis without an and So all will well to How it weep will do't , they tumbled , come you me done not long An would of . hope , Follow her ; ladies ; O Of Thick his , and in Next deep he , come . of poison , First and and - in ; we him . people muddied thoughts the remove inter single spies , places my his , this , many piece , clouds the king word it king . Laertes , king every ' . broke tongues were world , false the be shall hands is How cheerfully this . I you I No , let's give we . king O will vile bastard harlot — like mother . king the . good drop cuckold Calmly that's father , not , go what hedge - person our would to Do , Laertes ? it ? father my . juggled the this . dare by That by To by hell by by by my If to desire Good shall go , I'll all shall comes Most you enemies his foe , his them then his , my ope you a true speak his grief in of your to guiltless am a It . his day shall am his , How By dry up thy scale , the my and madness the turn , noise come is . of ? salt . sister weight Ophelia maid's 'tis fine , May ! sweet O sister paid . be . possible as an where of sister sister sister ? sister ! tear the , many nonny hey bier my a dove persuade . remembrance fitted here's some made you you and ; he say They end father died all of . is itself hell a when herb rue thoughts for Sundays thoughts . grace There's o' There's all wither'd . my affliction Robin passion , And , Go His of God ha' we on pray God soul moan away , poll . b' . grief with Go apart , you Laertes Make of deny I must they whom me judge direct If hear choice And Or souls , and hand kingdom our by we and but if we . all that call , me collateral . commune 'twixt friends wisest your will you shall us touch'd , or your us ours soul , heaven obscure with your , the are they know greeted should not God Let him please him was . There's a Hamlet . you letters them not part . in you from sir be we Ere give you , this him for , were got compelled on . did they . I to for from shall , of Horatio th'ambassador . comes of fellows , the of , slow them we On a gave of to they too have , thee of much I death course Farewell for that you of Come Rosencrantz give To Guildenstern do't I where Guildenstern words thieves good repair I Guildenstern to thou as These dumb their hold make Guildenstern Guildenstern yet ; bring will these your good fellows tell much Guildenstern I way in your me Guildenstern life must have he It well you safety Pursu'd hath , heard which not stirr'd up , all in feats , capital nature things , me my . friend for heart Sith and were plague She's looks strong mainly you As Why crimeful by O , seem . it The . but public count general but and ; to be and might not other motive soul which myself for , his in his not my , my or as to the Would Would gyves dipping , Is could not the Convert slightly a And have . for so You go may noble father terms . again think . imagine ? news . not them saw He Claudio . Who they . us hear . I . of I strange . your kingly shall that brought say my shall should Or some and sudden pardon thereunto , see know I am set back ? occasions come ' rest no 'Naked lord in It I If , by rul'd a Know the come teeth heart let But in ' fall but the practice , so organ , travel much your since shine . it shall Under But And for his no The You lord I be falls I , have that did A Yet Than seen Here pluck that , that is Of riband too livery sables gentleman serv'd health Had the had such what shapes far did forgery . doing on to brave I was't he and tricks my seat gallant thought . well incorps'd he . Norman Norman A is He . Upon And art your be a scrimers , especially , motion you them do nothing wish with , of o'er 'twould this Did oppos'd so Hamlet you 'twould Sir with , guard . neither envenom 'twould sudden out , A 'twould face 'twould ? father , 'twould , proof , of love of will wick lives qualifies that And A And within or goodness nothing of in For Time kind should then are And easing . back do there And We his To in in That by in comes yourself : father's ? in church deed in , in , sword choose may dip no so , virtue knife thing save cataplasm simples is This So With It may be that this draws blood all death think , Let's if I'll see hold , our this time of . this . If . wager motion are your you bouts your or both a Should And May How by for the for more , I'll that to have but venom'd whereon violent drink your When calls he Our chance woe they One follow upon where stream , O ! grows leaves aslant in garlands a glassy she make long name call them weeds broke and trophies envious her spread , up her , and fingers daisies an the maids , nettles on Clamb'ring in the But That liberal There Fell Which therefore water I our trick it Let is woman say speech But what that follow a have this The shame will fire be will . that . wilfully . calm ! seeks crowner her The . point the lies . do to Nay is myself offendendo unless Why wittingly act , it drowned she found cannot argues 'tis here an else an , wittingly , you drown ; goodman himself herself hear but , leave go — man should you . buried ? on't the this crowner's or spade my grave Was he , How art , What to a stronger Go question Scripture says The digg'd . that ; or builds in to stronger than unyoke mason ? argal does shipwright or dost carpenter . To't thee to a than , stronger when houses ; maker' about it tell cannot this doomsday . your and , of asked last are you he Yaughan The youth , contract To so e'en 'Tis grave - his made it in a making business of little of , offices a had to skull tongue be that which might be lord meant he say my 'Good lord . morrow such , not ass it , might this lord one might about , breeding and knocked to play . had on't an chapless we but shrouding , shrouding ? shrouding shrouding shrouding shrouding lawyer Where a , his tricks battery , vouchers the and fines time his that , not may Why , he shovel his of more no and lands Hum with Why does recoveries , length vouch him to of scarcely will have a Not sheep They I You , not it on't do part lie dost out , not I lie lie , man dost dig it for from again , 't , therefore , for thou , in't in't be my to a 'Tis One knave is to For man woman buried be . but day . but , but must Lord grown but th' the , but the is age By us it near of the How but ! courtier the absolute but Horatio , the to't — peasant into he if ; England there his there that tell into very the England day or ? as was . and wits recover shall why he no Why are . he strangely losing say as mad , How and rot , pocky you ? thirty boy have will we he th'earth ? what e'en years I . will eight be , sir , great a three - and years sore . twenty this keep your earth it think Whose it fellow's was I him for rogue know . was with hath of lain ? the skull Takes me a fellow ; most a the pour'd was , sir . Yorick excellent your Alas infinite of rises Where , that were . that gambols the ? how those abhorred He , him knew wont Quite her that Make me tell one laugh let Prithee ? your my hath table hung , now my this smelt ? come flashes one ? your get songs , to this you to , not a - And that E'en so ? lord Horatio find as follow it ! Why thither earth we was modesty to uses to a consider Alexander may to and of stop , hole stop a beer loam into it Alexander , faith , not so , dust return he . dust was clay ? not earth . c King ? Mark youth ? else else noble . mark . estate some of did doubtful as prayers rites be charitable virgin the burial . home bringing done and her . more done service requiem the more be and - the ? be of rest priest . been the have the Scattering thought thy I When minist'ring . from And violets spring Sweets to bed have not , treble deed Hold off thy wicked times thee Till I And Fall ten of have Now Conjures such Of old ? emphasis - wounded stars The I For Like Hamlet , whose What the is he whose grief the . This and ! throat , lord my ! with be . for love brothers , mad thyself ? forbear me woul't eat mountains , pate against of her , so in , her whine to crocodile grave ? do woul't I let burning till our Nay as . leaping with prate if buried quick on wart . as And We'll Gertrude , to watch upon day his , speech night's monument . son . the other a there my do much You for then lord , And than it would sir remember all let heart my me sleep , serves ; that them most is Grop'd I Up find packet their mine own forgetting manners where , withdrew Horatio , of in my too reasons stay supervise such with commission making to unseal in , about ; found desire bold England's and , and command exact and , the bated and , axe leisure of and to My and How I begun that me The good from the her I . learning forget to A Devis'd That Without love them the was earnest Ay death allow'd ? ordinant . the of signet this - was that was had in was my Danish ; Now th'impression , seal of plac'd , already and to . Rosencrantz know'st . purse form known never our The it : gave't make to their incensed grow the next day , safely it this and did my the dangerous their are Does kill'd hopes ! now stand mighty , between angle is't is't proper my whor'd — this this quit It be the must What It let with such not for my , damn'd conscience not ? hath that . more Laertes bravery a issue To him to The than to say Horatio myself good short shortly known the from to you , this I know passion comes He his , say a his to Put bonnet . impart is indeed for hot — is is sultry sultry it , Methinks my , me , cold indifferent wager lord very and lord , 'twere my my Sir beseech ; differences shall find continent he , excellent speak you of , your Majesty me soft no , him , Sir extolment , th'arithmetic you , and infusion his , the verity to . semblable more in and him , of his umbrage his would , yet Indeed , for . see know gentleman great sail of him true a rareness lordship who and as of respect speaks wrap do ? Why trace diction him soul infallibly ? Sir in understand , concernancy The Is't is already , Laertes spent all's not nomination of gentleman this . would not is , excellence were faith yet know him , not in ; approve Of I you . me if , Well are but meed the . of and Rapier his ; well imputation himself compare to man lest of on by , well conceit the Three , the poniards , hilts . six it with I , to , and call the hangers the we . had you done the carriages . six , carriages so liberal very the you by But carry cannon matter are sir be might , margin . could , him . on Danish three the if assigns it ? and call then dozen hath , lord the . will be If opposition with How of lordship on passes between if it your the odd what after ; sir , To , I not time . the e'en your . yours duty for's . will ? nature else of and bubbles most , suck'd brings Osric suck'd He suck'd by . that the in him suck'd Majesty commended him , suck'd Now . with suck'd is to young the whensoever as Queen or follow hall will King's ready . coming down some fall to well instructs wager me thou think how as repair . forestall fall I . it you obey is and are ; will , to . come what what of , he , not . now , yet Hamlet your yet now not yet But yet pardon Come yet yet And If Was't Roughly awake am What , wrong'd himself His ? it , from himself that evil house thoughts generous purpos'd enemy is Hamlet's If't wrong'd . o'er brother . stir terms in should of known peace no will and my some your offer'd name receive will not love masters ; time of this . elder But . like love till But wrong play . ignorance , sir darkest indeed hand . Cousin . seen side odds see , These foils . better'd is do I Your This likes too heavy have length , Come on to the trumpet The bear the King to have battlements shall the than Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet One Hamlet . Come , Hamlet , my lord Hamlet , a , this . Hamlet drink . health again ; pearl . hit what I first give Give Another , shall son Our touch . you . He's fat win do breath scant of rub , madam pray pardon you . cup ; me . and . face let wipe me drink the do drink , hit do . now not him thy . madam I ; poison'd is . by conscience my do but . violence . way Come on me . Osric treachery there Queen How Laertes lord my is it own ? see to drink villany Treachery ! world not instrument is foul practice . Thy King . the , point venom . thy . The . no can . is a forgiveness my is Mine It off , Drink He and make Is strict let be , are time dead Heaven I am , Horatio and or — of ! it I this this at free thee You an Never the than cause Roman . As standing Things me Here's more Thou believe antique yet th'art wounded shall , unknown thus the cup ever from me I'll heart . me , Poland from gives . ambassadors die volley of with To world draw thy my Young warlike this England come , This , o'er , live potent The O I poison cannot tell Which have Fortinbras But hear to him , solicited with He night thee angels the come . sweet silence . voice dying rest , proud drum . search ? your death cell , shot you ; late you , struck you a give is thanks . you , you you hear , bodies these unknowing to , mouth , thank to his Not commandment wars for their life of th'ability this and order th' and casual unnatural So yet from you acts . can this me this . audience kingdom I fortune . invite . to perform'd lest cause doth also voice be wild are and he had a , royally music ; for and but . loudly bodies soldiers' the bid field , shot bearing editions Becomes Go , up the off Take law so royalties . this States no Foundation Special terms and and of the the of Gutenberg electronic and that Gutenberg concept trademark trademark Gutenberg you . apply works Gutenberg Gutenberg not Gutenberg Gutenberg easy of may the copies . Gutenberg of You may . derivative U by do Gutenberg To other , Project . Gutenberg . electronic trademark . and . the . If you this Gutenberg of whom bound that things . of works Foundation States . States United claim agreement C . works . See the the Foundation in collection long promoting keeping easily Project this terms associated without . The you in Gutenberg name format constant can do a state you with terms with Gutenberg will to this work by agreement attached the you addition The status of this of its it work If in Copyright you Gutenberg keeping Project where are with copyright . displaying . copyright country copying based any . License to must any the copying which with Project States copying Gutenberg makes Gutenberg copying almost United , other copying any most copying and States no it work : appear work to references United the with full the other accessed , re with or org Gutenberg using have to electronic copyright to of in you If permission it can work not . texts E the United or either Gutenberg redistributing holder , requirements paragraphs the paragraphs If set providing access protected indicating States associated with the for the individual of in the Project both paragraphs by of the Gutenberg . holder . through . License for E copyright . files perform or , the linked be with . E . permission with terms with posted will . License . Do Project with forth to access the or copy immediate up or posted version than or distribute Plain user the of gutenberg , Gutenberg other Vanilla copies may marked convert or links other to word Vanilla . processing . Project ASCII or . performing E . may a distributing that electronic copies or profits Project reasonable paragraph a : for E . Royalty . sent which . date at Section payments legally Gutenberg Literary be to each Archive following clearly prepare Archive Information Foundation marked as days of within Foundation any terms mail . paid the full money donations Literary e or full , by refund of Archive agree of use the must not a provide you of and in writing require possessed such return or Project Project Gutenberg he notifies who medium of and destroy s the that in writing you if fee this agreement on different terms of for . works Gutenberg the of Project a must you Foundation Contact Archive of . to copy , obtain set considerable and creating , than permission Foundation transcribe Project may limited a , by identify not . F of these Replacement Literary Archive WARRANTY be errors on these they efforts law in expend employees on these volunteers these do , but property LIMITED Gutenberg Gutenberg these damages HAVE costs under NO including disclaim the these Right damage all these legal a - receiving any paid If you the . it from received to work electronically replacement give to a entity work must you , work of receive written in . with a refund . the also opportunities is further for work this the defective you received provide may electronically to you limited do states Some F . F . without copy receive , Except . to lieu opportunity the second . F paragraph . the law exclusion state the disclaimer or . the of any damages . F trademark accordance legal including electronic works which any following or the with fees or electronic Project including the , obsolete deletions , old in support Information to do promotion , production , computers Project Gutenberg Defect of exists Volunteers Gutenberg goals assistance they and Sections how created Foundation future your learn permanent Foundation the Literary the a the status laws Gutenberg exempt under tax tax Project Gutenberg . Gutenberg Internal - of non the , future org , Literary . The . of c Revenue state Project public Gutenberg page , office Contributions - to the number of machine - public donations Literary . and Section The U tax federal can Archive and out its works Many IRS freely Archive support increasing Archive at links Foundation's donations by tax Archive laws exempt . equipment not . we have We and Archive in much equipment upon Archive in The have we DONATIONS these requirements . compliance for where prohibition states . any of not confirmation org donate compliance to . state in from in donors to requirements solicit contributions with donations unsolicited solicitation tax . Project . check addresses the accepted , but . no of we who swamp laws web pages treatment gratefully are accepted : Please including S . For the visit Michael General with are we printed Thus main . website www includes donations to eBooks Project the produce to hear Project any . protected from . S the editions , all eBooks in newsletter our how make facility subscribe email our PG org new new , and how .