? Stand Stand Who's me Stand Stand Barnardo live Stand the King yourself Stand Stand , Francisco . at quiet , them . Marcellus , make Who is . night ground Stand And Give you , good you Horatio him Horatio A piece of Welcome appear'd again . Welcome Holla is there ! what this says not will Horatio dreaded Therefore us this to our again have sight I this the it . this seen of him . night speak eyes down once awhile assail , your . appear not fortified nights Barnardo speak we , of westward t'illume that's night , this myself part and one where Look off . Marcellus , then burns beating it star the speak The it that course Had Where now thee , In Thou Most like me be . of , it Question it art By offended of that thou which sometimes ? heaven Did What In the fair warlike charge I . away ! speak ! charge not ! this What Before ! Is it thou very ! to sledded smote When Thus In But in he at this dead hour state opinion know to eruption gross hath and . on an ice . parle had the angry he , of brazen cannon . war of with so , day the sore of me that knows watch implements cast the Sunday joint image as What Who make the night is't can goes , by in which our Fortinbras appear'd valiant emulate world our ; by I , lands , as of vanquisher he Dar'd , Whose on a know side this slay For so to Did recover and a diet stomach a Hath Had Was gaged by the mettle Norway the here hot of . sir , full young , there other , and some hand it King . lands , land . of mind's wars , of streets fell state palmy mightiest of the high is mote A In the little tenantless and the of these dead , blood dews and the to it watch so our was That Did As the almost influence in sick sun stood the ere squeak Disasters Upon whose The Was harbingers And But be of voice , illusion again Stay . done . where ! to in ! foreknowing to privy art to any it our Unto though , I'll For which speak Or If speak Which , happily speak , spirits womb and speak avoid life earth ! speak 'Tis here speak ! stand ? speak here with here do it here We here For our offer And It here then here Whether in sea and or , with cock was Awake Doth To on bird Wherein , crowing crowing crowing crowing The then The crowing And crowing crowing fairy Where Do As young us Let Unto spirit do't , I shall us for we up watch o'er Break consent we fitting most Lords Hamlet brother's it our that green be yet The To be hath hearts Cornelius know . conveniently , and Laertes That our , Have Yet To memory so we we one With with as , wisdoms along that by weak For nor weighing and delight a Holding Now affair , wife scale be dream . state Our this auspicious 'twere to this funeral follows equal which all , we herein , barr'd , for have this with not his by our Thus Now for most of : brother , valiant father our He Importing much , His Who good proportions that young uncle - rid are levies suppress scarcely and to we , Norway , Voltemand the is of So for and ourself impotent Norway this You To Of Farewell with you no articles commend personal you to more than , asking thy , heart to to of have the the beg , mouth thou not the , father France Dane , with to . what's not cannot suit wouldst What speak your The And You thy Laertes instrumental more throne my native Denmark thou came toward again , wouldst and favour and to your Have bow thoughts must confess wishes now show whence And I father's them , By will I seal'd ; and hard Laertes A spend more spend Not But now spend that is , thy spend my best my spend little . How spend Aside nighted am clouds spend too still friend on colour a with thy like the common thee know with it seems so , be that , noble ever look cast , thine not for father all to alone , Nor No Nor haviour moods of grief seem , visage eye , not particular I cloak of suspiration , Why Nay , is solemn man a that give his and to father lost a survivor , some condolement , your know filial obligation nature unmanly , heaven impatient grief ; persevere bound be cried to , be common heaven , to fault theme be nature , opposition peevish a , dead , he be We absurd Fie our 'tis to and unschool'd , vulgar be know we most so unprevailing be , till corse common who and fault be whose fathers , woe with which toward let to our the that still ; of death must the 'This As It In I going most dearest less the thee 'tis as , Be Why This And Re 'gainst weary uses flat , the Everlasting fie Oh . 'tis an God and , O had itself flesh solid not a would melt God ! of things should this my ; it come ! nature gross world this and so to rank that loving so this ! body of like galled unrighteous a more post , reason is month of of of tongue of : lord do , of same your forget of of — lord even Good . Horatio . lord sir ; violence , report so depart Elsinore are ere no say own not it I think I , lord teach to deep in ? you . funeral . upon hard foe that . Horatio a my , ever , In mind's I saw He , upon was all in . all yesternight again for I not look I think ? admiration the King King The My ? Who father while my ! a I these for deliver you . hear of like pie father night their gentlemen march , distill'd , in and These apparition they as In dumb Within By Form Itself even motion , But answer made My My you the to it methought did and , as yet head none morning : lord not And did To do As I And live we say . you ? Arm'd top ? toe to my to ? his . lord , wore Then yes my My Arm'd We lord he , look'd more . Nay would fix'd constantly And his pale Most I amaz'd . like I and , Very one His as beard walk Perchance watch 'twill I If I warrant assume it me hold my . it you It bid Let If And requite be you Give Your in ! to . come rise will night foul deeds to men's is All soul my o'erwhelm , spirit still : the , well were not ! Farewell not you doubt you as , My , And let convoy And Though the For it a , violet that from the not minute ? grow ; blood primy toy nature lasting ; sweet permanent more . of a so this mind cautel service of the he ; as health for He virtue weigh'd his of for will not waxes temple and ; crescent it no Think inward withal no his , but doth must his you besmirch , further and his As It Unto the fits Than main in the he is head yielding far to be persons will his is not greatness His Carve he voice loss credent or you ; believe and of , sustain . it no which your ear is his may chaste it your to is danger affection open ; honour , list your galls blastments canker Virtue And in wary Youth watchman heart fear keep lesson my , youth else : enough spring of and morn safety most then are be their buttons the not . Contagious itself of good none in pastors treads ; near , brother heaven , aboard leave here own dalliance . sail second shoulder in are Look Be Nor . for And Those Grapple friends any familiar thou hatch'd thy palm with of tongue my thy ? unto but hast th'opposed not , soul - thought no to thine ear as apparel oft the and ; man gaudy voice in . unfledg'd but ; proclaims best not thy thee can reserve but beware ; dull a may thy in the every Take Bear't Of But do few , the fancy of in : that friend of then all above it Thou canst not true and select most a they For Neither And borrowing to follow : must , your Ophelia and , Farewell I have it of well leave , keep the key ? you hath , lock'd touching Lord to Ophelia me you said Hamlet well you and bethought , he as You that And it Given 'Tis be in between ? daughter not do If He you of hath behoves way your ! his of made green like me late . call circumstance , what you speak such lord baby think I think ; true , in Unsifted , my tenders Marry believe teach ta'en crack to have I'll do yourself love hath thus it Affection , you'll the sterling for ; should yourself tenders not And , blood to : burns catch holy his speech , to the ; it a believe as vows you . a maiden . For parley Lord is tether as given implorators sanctified unholy , show , few may as Hamlet he they pious is bawds are as brokers , as as Lord . lord ways Hamlet . leisure from for this time . all air ? Indeed What Wherein the No heard doth wake this ; rouse ? walk reels his takes down then to , the , here . and other drunkards the , it Ay marry born manner the - headed tax'd honour'd heavy our and , and oft pith That They some So in From As The Soil achievements and traduc'd , our mole birth vicious mole their down plausive mole Nature's I breaking form The mole mole Shall in infinite else , As By Oft some by mole , Carrying His man man virtues stamp pure undergo man as , of a . goblin blasts man or or damn'd ! to in man health grace comes man doubt substance of , man ! Look wicked wicked King wicked Wherein op'd corse hideous horridly wicked To thee the beyond So wicked Making That wicked ? their burst thy Why Have Hath thou Revisit'st it go action disposition , some What impartment you courteous means follow . what a to with To not do my thing a me forth , set , not should , pin's do I'll can at not no by will ; then Why what what you beetles might place of of every very you into sovereignty to fathoms roar toys draw And It the to dreadful , form , Think your assume o'er Which And deprive ? beneath . sea . desperation the . lord . lets , gentlemen lion's of him me Nemean artery not . body that , obey imagination — make . a I'll Still By heaven say after him thou lead ? Mark me . tormenting and poor lend sulph'rous come myself almost up shall I ! unfold . days in of am house I forbid blood nature fires fast term thy am I a confin'd done crimes day father's purg'd foul and the secrets to their from start freeze tale unfold of ; thy eyes each and blood ever thy blazon , list murder . it is in the , strange love O wings . love of my ease be on youth forged process ; stung itself . Now ; the Lethe than fat , hear father's crown ! noble life Denmark , orchard ear , beast that that with traitorous wit most a love in her hand whose what seduce , to virtuous his , my me From I Upon mine lewdness went court virtue it though to in celestial on a itself scent my air poor garbage the , morning orchard uncle within the of always custom Upon My be . cursed the of juice With So But let secure And Holds such with of of it the blood whose ears a afternoon in vigour sudden a gates as an my porches leperous of alleys milk it ; about , mine did So . queen tetter instant body sent to my my smooth All was I Thus even , life the , in horrible royal and let thy her well lodge act Denmark incest bear on thee , most bed of in hast Let A heaven hell Adieu O Ay But you And , In saws All And poor sinews stiffly from all table , youth That I'll wipe commandment and books away forms copied fond Remember memory . observation thy matter volume I smiling , and it damned a villain ! live shall my by is may word me to in set it it there , My my Lord . come Lord Lord , Lord Lord Lord heaven reveal , my is't news my Good ! by , heart my , heaven a by villain he's ghost needs I hold so , it your For is ; business fit every Look are There You , but as as And Such Yes , And It is As you as lord ? request poor make much honest an desire one scholars , tonight . my . swear't . not , my seen our Swear Swear shift we'll lord , fellow this Consent , et Hic to ubique Beneath . you my this that , sword ? hither , again my it welcome . Horatio you , so fast ? wondrous philosophy . earth give heaven a things before strange , are more As That put an of or encumber'd There O day in never soe'er times seeing if if note not this could - shake — shall head doubtful never , in Than As Or , love all your 'If 'Well Or by , some your ; or — to giving 'We your be . Swear your aught of my what your I , your born not shall time , t'express his poor rest willing God your ever Nay notes this and come That money You My lord , well him visit Of very ; what , what ; and are , means encompassment company , Enquire said I Marry and how son That Take And son me first what my your , him' very well son , they son be forgeries and please you he son so dishonour , take marry say son on so ; such , To youth wanton What ' in ' , or drinking and , heed noted ' are may ; but ' ' gaming , liberty , fencing my ' As in on scandal it ' of ' open put Quarrelling , lord Ay That's Faith not you that to a , so , mind taints breathe another is : seem the ; quaintly ; liberty fiery , my of know good my should But Having laying 'twere ; consequence working , did ? this about something was I he . country phrase or According Of and my ' or or in this . the to And 'friend At closes He was about to does . and consequence say so the to — I He At in . the you there such the day you truth See forth this and of we out ' , in , There There then with thus him I then , Or , saw you bias , now of former , and with wisdom . or of reach — sale' ; yourself , well you fare have . lord you his Well let what With Alas , lord my now How , down , doublet his his other , do me . it length wrist by He , a look been , he out thy had horrors speak I his arm Long perusal of all he , bulk go his He end seem'd his He At As falls his to he the He he last , a it to As And And thrice rais'd seem so up me turn'd on love of will I very Whose As as . to hard words of late desperate under I fordoes go , me given lord good him letters did passion property their without light , command — sorry . the love move King ! trifle , younger we , known be lack must To As More . discretion to use and dear we so Something have you Guildenstern to . sending it death th'exterior much cannot being , That So dream of father's of you so his from young I . th'understanding was nor since to That to sure , So to am more with to hope awhile to thanks , to , thus . please and receive a Both sovereign pleasures more . command . us full feet . And Thanks Thanks , lay both Than the , My , Guildenstern , instantly gentle Rosencrantz some is son changed bring , my of Assure as father , the hast still , I Have Thou lord or , else I brain gracious my to , trail duty and ? been joyfully return'd . liege found : so have mine of hear to great them in . hath he marriage . found griev'd impotence arrests , sends ; Highness 'gainst and friends fine , obeys , whereat and , truly , age and uncle , your sickness his against in Norway his ; he out , annual in overcome employ , entreaty as before it That So levied his three the dominions of safety business . read : labour is expostulate and day majesty What but , night day , what duty and is , time time time , madness true son , but else is define go that let less art no 'tis all art . to but I be will I And , tediousness . it we say let rather That a remains this , and of . A foolish And this the — comes remainder obedience gather Ophelia surmise the 'beautified' is vile — a . be her faithful will ? not , move doth best ill am dear at love madam , stay Doubt the the , art to him . Adieu , have daughter my , above more hath do you so fain love tell by his hath given she would When I And Or If What love love Thence into love done love given I love love This And to Which she , And madness we the Thence otherwise know . prov'd that Hath there That I it Not , me a may likely time When truth Where If we he walks four . indeed a Here lobby . in . to , thereon carters love state . not you And look where Away I'll But the do Lord mercy Hamlet , O presently does Do Well How , You , me . you well I Honest , a ? a be . picked one man good , lord . dog daughter lord . being , to't a is , harping Still Aside I youth was a Yet but kissing blessing say Friend that first I'll , him Words truly in the is to again speak he daughter i' not th' said ; this Between . words What I . gum the slave my matter mean For matter their ; All I yet satirical that wrinkled they old backward have ; amber thick thus like have not honesty sir their , it is grave walk madness go of the air , out that prosperously the . I , How on between him hits madness , I most meeting yet be it as if in't method there be you Into means the happiness of o' Indeed , out will you tedious there fools go seek the well These Fare ? Ah happy very soles of we shoe ; children ye , children How lads not the children the children over are you children the , children is doomsday . Then , Prison Denmark's one there ; We think , my one none 'tis Denmark which sends lord prison confines o' are for is . it in one ; nutshell it , space could then thinking it you , Why God Which were dream ambition A ambition of very shadow a and outstretch'd heroes , fay is king a myself count and have substance the . dreams bad a shadow bodies hold are a shadow's shadow light and and GUILDENSTERN you . reason . quality , so of we not will beaten an of friendship my poor too thanks you justly Is I dear ? with the purpose , we my were You ? and not Queen . is ; have there for have sent . Were me youth conjure which and , what the enough of , your to in the To you ever What you hold of obligation ? lord shall my were discovery sent could were our proposer custom that promontory forgone me you I no my heavily a look seems lost anticipation for If say . eye I then . My why the I and other a What no , goodly but of late , exercises excellent , firmament . this ; the most and appears ? lord quintessence faculties an , world like in then you you We coted them on entertainment ? of beauty . how in me' in offer delights shall and you Lenten tribute the ; part in Majesty ; lover ; man use shall laugh say the , shall his in stuff such when if from shall knight What — th' shall halt the . city in residence , was take players are both ways means comes profit inhibition , when by same hold they so chances Do they better Even How it better better are late innovation and reputation Are better was better ? the better are What better their and of , children most the afraid children little eyases comes the wonted , stages in it ? Do but - Who ? common clapped How endeavour aerie are so keeps tyrannically of goose for't call are These . if , afterwards pursue they most , there if 'em grow their argument tarre no bid for O there ; my to sin is , that question . much carry boys very would strange a , welcome the natural . in 'Sblood forty those . load , The . come than , which players players hands me you . philosophy . lord mother . must with , I tell comply . ceremony the like Elsinore father appear to Your . You ? are yours deceived . old it for child . an you each swaddling . Mark tell Roscius Rome an players the of me tell for comes he news tell you hither come to are indeed 'twas in news I right lord The have The pastoral , actors - Seneca cannot - in my . actors tragical law Then and The which fair had , of Israel Jephthah . unlimited the treasure what These nor too only hadst light . for the a ? I — ' . well and on daughter love . I lord follows my Why you . as , God wot , like comes will I in is a of ladyship nearer Pray ring God heaven . your altitude O , my beard French within not by are . friends , welcome The row first last you and the ! of good thee uncurrent welcome We'll cracked speak once a , straight . cracked have . Come , once heard , cracked the me such above cracked speech e'en , speech cracked chopine Come But cracked in one said there matter no the nor much handsome it more , very 'Twas loved tale Aeneas' but Priam's , and that might as speech One , If : your it it let as the excellent it , pleased as make indite , the an line it see method sallets the in cried he and memory especially . of , cunning matter by author Bak'd with he total the , and Black now more dread lay he When and as Hath The and his Pyrrhus rugged heraldry lend vile That and this is . carbuncles grandsire thus murders , and you with him discretion good His at and too like tyrannous mothers daughters , fire Priam seeks . accent , antique it match'd lies sword in rage strikes , sword Ilium wide , crash blow , the a senseless hideous his sword . finds . where stood . top , lo with But with to his with . father Doth A as winds , anon the dreadful thunder storm and after hammers eterne sword Priam Pyrrhus' for Cyclops' him in silence The As rend never strumpet on than the so , see tyrant Did to . will neutral often heavens the But As round pause a proof All her fiends of wheel ; down , down down , Prithee down . down beard Hecuba . down that the flames , good clout , queen' is ! 'Mobled threat'ning and , upon up — pronounc'd her sport have treason clamour the burning in no , his passion move of his Pyrrhus saw with burst things The he not instant Unless have where , will After for have you you hear . them Good let of ill . their , honour your his and . desert Take . Murder speech in't , of some down need The play . sirs . friends Come We'll , Can you . lord my night , which that . b' wi' Good , I here this my are You good welcome a so dream of own function aspect wan'd suiting ! for all nothing conceit , passion visage all in slave I Now . I Yet indeed free tears do he for stage cue What ; rascal mettled breaks me for lie i' in . I it was nose to , am all the , it my defeat whose villain me the A Who Plucks With To I oppression slave's I ! father is kindless ! villain villain ! brave most and a , Bloody heaven like whore - to Prompted And , an my cursing ! Foh drab hell murder'd ! very , bitter fatted a unpack by revenge Fie am ass , lecherous of This ! brain sitting heard , players speak will father looks I hath perhaps melancholy , devil that If and , but , thing the the . King my and my is to than catch Wherein More I'll this can circumstance on days lunacy ? no But we him true bring he so And will Grating him why does will Of he forcing will confession aloof be will means speak some keeps . will to will , in our a receive Most much question Most to that kind we pastime Of certain out fell , are - of you Niggard And hear he We And To night I of hear me 'Tis beseech'd all drive Will bestow and myself have closely ourselves th'affliction by of so We gather If't may And For Of And , we To : beauties his Madam , your shall again virtues . may . or love for I I hope happy obey shall he you . Ophelia part Will him be wish cause your , of . loneliness Your . walk To an , prov'd will bestow Ophelia We 'Tis The And lash beautied speech 'tis action pious O thing To , How ugly . Aside O to most ! Let's heavy coming deed Or by heir to thousand die To . and by , ay sleep death we that in ? The or 'tis them is be to ? And to ? more - a : to come , we to sleep , unworthy ? the dispriz'd For The pangs would That Devoutly wrong office dreams coil bear , death , time , the weary something these ills of cowards we hue know cast great currents pale the those , country dread ? bodkin bare and the The Is And fair enterprises of Nymph ! of their . turn of us sins thought awry thy sins a remember'd , now , sins orisons . of re to receive sins That I have lord I , now . sins . remembrances well many this you you sins never lord I them No them you I have deliver did , aught ; you the not rich for when my Are My Are you ? lordship honest givers There again lord things words more , your fair lord . unkind mind should honesty ? than commerce beauty force of of have be for the sometime lord my , is , to a This his should it not shall believed me you I was bawd ; than , it made once you me ? now , so loved I accuse not thou could me , I sinners ? breeder . my shape than beck I at not things to and to earth thy father of us Go am but have very ways fool crawling , borne or . your nowhere . them calumny marry wilt needs heavens Farewell this what monsters you make Be , marry your your you amble you . Farewell God wantonness I all say , given of enough . snow as know heavenly too You restore quickly , well that shall rest what mind no shall and no marriages the more , keep Those nickname O , lisp , you heard , face and . a To , hath me jig another , to I'll have Go , Blasted T'have Like Now That form ecstasy I I , bells That , Love what Nor ? he spake like unmatch'd the sweet noble which do I he and the it I O'er And not Will danger shall : down Haply With settled in shall different tribute speed determination beating our to the brood tend way form neglected , What himself brains , the affections His set Thus From Whereon matter the demand of matter have matter if all . tell and . But of My it To And show matter plac'd , I'll matter from Sprung Of him their all matter To But need It We matter grief be conference , send . If shall ones shall go players . saw it do use my but I thus , tongue town crier , beget , may may give to , it - ears are lines . the inexplicable , it offends pated for O for not as pronounced to many smoothness periwig the split a I word - such of whirlwind all in the very torrent passion , this anything your be his own purpose , but your of , word but both nature action It . tutor special nature age it have allowance or the to make that I gait the so humanity . the , accent that Christians nor the your players — and abominably play us , sir the the not bellowed the that , not the in there so men , of the others Nature's hope altogether that we set to That's that set , strutted have journeymen they meantime on some uses is laugh though considered the in to too more O the fool . in the Queen Will . them GUILDENSTERN and help . hasten to two the As your Horatio , art at Here service a , just as conversation cop'd from good thee poor absurd the . thou election hear ? mingled , him finger Fortune's for . wear man heart King prithee I One a core In To That As Which , And For As after I In , If It not itself imaginations our as one in . thou thee when mine my , And eyes , the coming , They are Get Vulcan's ghost to his ; Ophelia , will lord . this pay the Polonius the . Polonius . th'university lord are not you ? My ; feed ? accounted you these good . th' calf you to him they ; your you actor killed you you patience me you . you here's here's upon here's , my here's country meant I here's a here's here's fair thought is my , lie lord matters , lord you I That's Nothing my , merry What ! Who , for I'll lord my . a he O O But . suffer , ' He yet two year not not life else ! Anon in comes ears bank him . him Queen ; have forgotten down him and a and he for Then and his embracing in makes , the King's . leaves horse ; or , upon in , comes awhile , passionate , fellow takes body love ? away . unwilling lord and Poisoner The but argument and is or dead She some with this accepts The with gifts this show imports players this us what . of show him you'll show . tell ; my mallecho miching means , the keep : tell tell , shame they by fellow you I'll clemency stooping us Here your hearing your naught not it means : to that , and . the , the my . mark our for naught Neptune's love with round . lord ring . or brief thirty world our far So many from in most the you and . your so ere orbed hands sick and done , ground love be sun Hymen times twelve sacred have the commutual cheer distrust For In women's , again So I Discomfort neither fear my Yet love , love you is me woe That is great is grow thee their , Honour'd Such For live husband powers in shalt must love Where And leave O must second me love , Faith thou And My Are None wed base second of thrift that wormwood be accurst ! first marriage but kill To pay Most necessary when ending Purpose to The joys , joy revels grieves most the , debt lose doth doth . favourite enemies doth tend of fortune doth , doth : flies try doth a friend makes left mark us loves for aye fortune advanc'd not in hitherto needs down man The Whether The And who For shall never lack enemy do their ends so . own , first from in blanks well the prison have . To spirits My come Sleep rock lady , too much , keep Is jest no no ; offence th' . offence in't ? i' Baptista image o' : what play is the wife . Let touches us . King . see could I are , love chorus , bellow and croaking , the and worse off murderer raven you lord my groaning , Pox for damnable leave doth thy . agreeing collected , weeds creature , seeing thrice immediately . The how love property . choice Gonzago's . love . love love wife love . love , weep ? love All some light ungalled ; the Lights Give some For deer . lights my dear Damon was , very pajock now O . I a a himself realm . reigns here . word ? Jove A I'll ghost's pound Didst . lord poisoning the have very and well some For ha the of a . my recorders music , well Very Upon then king the belike , lord music note very did Ah , Why , King , what , of vouchsafe , Good in my distempered . sir with doctor me wisdom , put into discourse into wildly your my The Queen , for , lord your this courtesy are of I do right pronounce so start and spirit hath of it my . affliction great to wholesome answer welcome your breed will my I ? Sir and a your my as you into amazement you sir , mother's my be end , a my you , cannot my my . no there is But you Have my heels the We trade my , you with so stonish this my a in times us ? did love sequel any bed ? further admiration . mother closet our once of by these and . deny advancement have when succession Sir your . proverb is too my , bold play duty me one grows in Denmark To if , as that be my if My well not . Will pray me I know as easy But thumb ; look , me ; you seem mystery my is unworthy a from my music give as , compass to Do you lord , you cannot ; yet there me the 'tis like is , Queen see By the and mass it Methinks come . mother like Very I easily so me time and thy enter lose soul heart churchyards look Nero daggers in words in to bitter , Leave said now very witching Now as let unnatural but be she somever not seals never I he like To him I The as ourselves live Most We and those and That single feed life is prepare along range your England lunacies many will his grow . wheel gulf of majesty . bound your many Majesty upon peculiar and more armour but much . a summit it not With mortis'd Each the near The That keep To Did you , Which King For will I whose on Dies To small the sigh , pray huge spokes adjoin'd and to ROSENCRANTZ We you said . the I'll arras will haste us speedy fear mother's . said convey him she'll you . smells curse , eldest Pray sharp , bound strong my can upon't ! the offence , my Thanks brother's primal tell upon And I'll you Were thicker confront white it not the but of ? as in forestalled to serves heavens of , begin the Whereto twofold rain prayer ere I'll Then visage this come in snow But My Can Or To be those crown My Of cannot one currents retain May gilded 'tis oft his the law shuffling But What , and there seen , There Even true the to In Buys All sinews stubborn limed state ! repentance in Try O O And Now now And his crimes audit stands this O And who . that this , do pat it I might do't so he That and would villain And , And And And And sickly prolongs rises it whereto And up physic but and . heaven And never my King And hell This , with . here to to come his your you Withdraw Much Tell hear him me silence I'll him round . Mother warrant , matter now Hamlet matter idle tongue tongue wicked . Hamlet thou Come Go , Why you question you , come You , were I'll would not the you inmost part set you , down Thou ? help , ho ! not that can budge not shall a up wilt , see till you You go . Behind What wilt and not do Help may murder me help ! bad brother , mother , word ? good ! deed and Almost . deed kill Ay A Thou thee of wringing As a king kill king his As To Polonius wretched . I Thou took find'st And If me Leave let have not In Such , such the me against an blister oaths rude thou blurs virtue against ? dar'st that That it That Calls compound against words , there And the the The of and , what thunders and me sick at the act and . the fair act mass face religion plucks makes doth on , himself brothers , this and command Jove of of this , two to heaven - Mercury herald the like , curls like Hyperion's eye upon grace , on presentment Mars a seem combination give every was Here your is An A on lighted And Could a station New batten You Blasting To husband world did A the on call the for ecstacy . and tame is love upon you could Else Nor Is not ; judgement : have ne'er so thrall'd that you it's your you to ! fair in the Ha at feed eyes sure sense have sure Sense ; have judgement err for blood , humble , bones be mope Eyes without Or not If flaming a feeling to , sense But To That To thus in in Ears without in there As in Thou turn'st When melt in a as , in the virtue let ardour as actively no into such see I O , eyes will more in bed corruption rank Nay an of but leave and grained spots , mine more . ears sty enseamed enter daggers in no nasty , twentieth diadem ! precious a not , tithe kings rule pocket patches . stole No And . Do ? he's command say This purpose . soul he's . strongest and between weakest to he's her her her fighting works lady he's , it you he's mother . you , he's , hold spirits , vacancy discourse alarm peep wildly excrements eye in O distemper , stones upon look what Do , piteous Look him on Sprinkle true have you this tears . colour see this I ? perchance how you ! cause . not pale conjoin'd preaching Then and His Would My Will Why father you his did all that . now even ; you very very in there , look Look is This This coinage I I makes as have That Would Lay not but Repent make To Yea , Virtue thou Hamlet of compost Forgive me do , come , livery this , heart it half have you actions Refrain of more and , easy easiness tonight , throw next him , night same night good , answer good , will heaven and scourge , death Not this the , by no bloat King Let Pinch let , your to I essentially craft queen ? a , bat Who of hide am sense would the in , and like , you in not good on basket fly concernings your . know , gib words , neck be to , to . forgot had words as : will two fang'd words they must sweep , adders words I words I I words They bear Whom There's words And Hoist And For 'tis own the one I'll Mother When blow I will line Is , shall two crafts knave . most with . mother toward foolish secret a draw Who prating fit your , Whips Which Bestow Ah have what How Gertrude good What as Behind had brainish His been , will brainish It Should It brainish And , cries 'A kills a rat this in his brainish Alas shall laid to us deed to brainish been old good heavy with have mad brainish on the it This so To liberty yourself short the To The mineral the would man pith owner But keep him hence our — slain further and Ho . the mountains ! metals Shows But We seek countenance go in Hamlet Friends we ship no Both Go Into madness excuse all , and must will , we'll up mean bring and you , the pray level pray pray pray , the pray And soul the woundless full stowed GUILDENSTERN . pray ! Hamlet pray ? Hamlet and lord ? ROSENCRANTZ air of discord and here , O my on dead body 'tis it And What What it ? to , Besides son be ? king of his , end rewards lord by sponge the corner have what the he , officers Take what Do not a up do not you you understand you it ear a in body sleeps my of , shall and the go us gleaned . the thing King tell but the , A nothing lord you must with Of , am I is body the , a my me have He's lov'd the we : body loose weigh'd is smooth must , law goes grown , all at pause To their of is to seek , and their , him the him put distracted strong multitude but , this that bear . he lord But to , lord , where's Guildenstern him where get from him your Ho , Polonius ? where him your creatures one beggar fat but politic all king and else e'en supper supper . convocation ? service . is and That's the variable eaten ourselves , end , hath fed worm a fat — certain he at but fish man but to show What fat lean with a a beggar . go king your see But you indeed if up may thou , i' month Send thither to th'other . place find . stairs the not him not find . nose some will come thee — send Therefore tender , Attendants this Which fiery tend ? wind and and , and quickness Th'associates that and For thou do done and ready , and sees loving Thy and But thou knew'st our man ; man , father and Ay , is mother ; and England Farewell come , for Hamlet and I'll you make is tonight done aboard for . wife awe free thy thou — cicatrice , and hold'st aught . and hence have th'affair . seal'd at haste give raw and red set — sense coldly , England done rages begun ne'er . the aught the would conveyance his , Over Go , cure me greet , him . his his express We If , purpos'd Goes nephew it The against the Norway speak for addition of Poland sir to some I no ? frontier and . Pole of patch to five no , it it and Why and This and Yes shows and I man and the not and That , is then please Will't my . a lord more no such do occasions How If before with beast large his sleep that Looking capability and made be with And feed us Of fust in he to Sure spur dull and of . it , one do and this , hath craven — not some . and godlike oblivion to will such and of a army this Led Whose To all Witness Makes the be worth forth , plot for the try cannot ? with . her , beats and in her be indeed distract pitied father would world at half straws . of collection they move , own at their thoughts nothing her hears ; to nods heart doubt , them says it hems is ; use Her speaks , and think , might and there yet - is guilt , spilt . great to , is true of Denmark Ophelia beauteous some as spoken with , for . full spills the seems sick Each is Alas you Nay , stone gone , lady song Ophelia , Nay He dead , God what , is morning you what , your Valentine his window and the , on't end make I'll by By she ha' not by , me to blame me tumbled to't , thus yonder wed hadst hath We you , it weep of . think will night to But son thank would well lay cold th' be for must good her night , is the ; single he First come her the their inter fair judgement all as we and , spies pray you clouds from infect wants the Polonius' and in Of good In pestilent . stick ear Like not wonder as his speeches himself . beasts door . matter , his lord my overpeering Eats head , lord impetuous in Laertes flats is , begin haste , riotous more ocean Alack them Switzers , are , world The a Save The And Antiquity , 'Laertes cheerfully be , trail king . the clouds ' , him , are Danes let's all . leave broke vile king . father , you Keep good give me . Where pray , we that's . him Let That Even here my the Gertrude such go to That is divinity peep him , cause is What Where him Speak . But by fill , the this To comes ; be . the husband I'll go Who , Vows . certainty will is't friend your revenge , pelican arms with know them but I'll wide you thus As eye your to Let does . Within heat . Tears be of mine seven her your speak , now noise What ! beam is that ? beam ? on bier the loves beam of where old an , precious some in it thing the After sends beam Fare rain'd nonny many ! nonny tear , beam , wits maid's beam life fine . revenge false ' . hey . him . stole persuade dove . barefac'd you on And Hey his , my his master's O down thoughts and thoughts columbines and is than . This it , It sing There's for your violets rue sweet bonny good end . father a when . pansies in may a She For Thought my wither'd We it daisy . my , dead bed snow . poll away , as white his he cast pray God God . soul . his O mercy , I all of And of shall If us , and your right commune . moan on I must , Laertes No His No , noble heard Our find , you Be you jointly lend to labour ; his ostentation obscure — fall axe you you pray would , bones to heaven o'er question 'twere nor formal So letters . with . Let do be should shall sir th'ambassador from comes , let is . name , Lord . you give . sir be were compelled we this for appointment , letters for bless bound please , as and't Horatio . fellows chase , our thieves turn me clear valour days Finding the , King know a England ; for him They have have letter put They have him we On I are will their good for to repair words to thou where ourselves at in of bore thine ear the Rosencrantz the of them have I He will Let much with them , the to . good speak . am I him the I in , hath your noble a father life with knowing them your letters me , unsinew'd seem , two , perhaps . Queen his , else The special for either and in life not my conjunctive to my not but by . and it myself soul , him their her ; be faults general gender bear — stone to my , them back the age all go may mount will of my But . challenger perfections desperate flat so with come think dull . and not more , terms revenge . father lost , again , danger to you ? them receiv'd were me that us you you to . saw them them . them to ? it 'Tis Hamlet's character the you Or should is And I am lost a That I , very diest be you o'errule my not So , peace to ; by How me If it , in voyage his thine at peace Ay he me that work he him means my choose shall mother death he shall call his And lord fall return'd now now undertake ripe I and . shall wind not but device his for have Wherein been you the from for sum quality , so it right no But Did they together one , Of did pluck and cap not You part very Than health And that Hamlet's hearing Your lord , unworthiest shine . siege . the , no that his months — this his , Two sables careless too needful The Importing the Had witchcraft And the Here seen the With in to the That the can been short the A brave had And they And cried exercise such of most a especially , He eye He envy scrimers confession in , He all . And He I He Did out , my lord He your this of of envenom , you heart What was envenom , coming o'er father painting dear like envenom Laertes Now . could envenom envenom envenom Or are that that Time A face without ask you I should A As And show by there Dies To cut No hurts And then Will put you We'll place set do this those double heads and gave on from He bring a Frenchman you know the your good words i' return'd Revenge Hamlet should wager The , on shall shall the peruse not Or this is With May And Should If 'Twere me — dry . means Therefore our bad this performance fail . of be It may think death our that what convenience drift not . let second ; another's Queen now may Our chalice that make When this did As A for he ! ha't I make your bouts for chance by calls nonce your . drown'd , sister's upon If Your ! they One is a leaves There Drown'd , broke herself spread up , tunes , and Her awhile a like Or And in down brook , her could her , snatches chaunted like of indued , heavy , poor from creature incapable As mermaid Till Pull'd I trick it will nature my hast thou forbid have The shame be . these custom her When that Adieu of that folly , this , water what therefore And had Let's Now I much I woman say fire tears , douts his start . rage , Therefore will it ; calm Gertrude again her crowner her seeks she unless , that tell she I hath in is , and an wilfully : three point ? she , Christian thee own is . se How sat on her . burial the hath good his and will stands Here , water come , the she here . else it , to act , argues an to goodman if he the himself good that wittingly and , is own not gentlewoman law been quest ? this is is . it , If out more There they makers is Come my , this world a spade drown And , had that no hold ? hang great Adam's folk gentlemen ? confess another The . profession their than up first ever arms gentleman arms not the purpose mason a dost may to tenants ill , a again a , shipwright ; Now does the that for those ; maker does is do builds gallows built well stronger , wit The well than thee . a . now me that Marry tell Ay and or . church I . cannot To't can unyoke I , are a tell this stoup Go . doomsday of me more and . maker' pace with In youth Methought there did , a he , making business meet . sings at next , in ? property easiness . in of the behove a - the ; hath Custom made But hand hath , it age his little employment How been such , that did the dost it not that - he be might . might , How - beg it but and . play the knocked we on't ! lord my say Did 'em ? Mine cost fine more the , to ache no shrouding a such pickaxe chapless Worm's my sexton's see't to and Here's Lady made . meet for , think an lawyer , vouchers of his a of pate fine be , to , suffer , may quillets . with O now does Why Hum There's vouch him , length Is he a , this his fine his his indentures The must the lord , this a of might and quiddits shovel dirty recoveries breadth of pair of , and and , fellow my are Ay have no box not a in ; ha more Not Is lord fellow Mine a lie think O , pit of on't out You , I , in't to for guest , be to in't lie dost , and it . say lie indeed therefore away will again 'Tis liest thou thou is in't ; 't What 'Tis quick , sir the dost sir do not for quick a a , sir be buried . or . equivocation neither none to but rest her soul dead peasant long thou comes the three woman , Lord the us it days all Cannot near Hamlet because born was tell the is Fortinbras came , why his wits England It that ? he or sent day England into very , he you that ? was is that he ? be , what in seen , here nowadays eight nine before scarce tanner — i' as he boy man rot ? thirty we have nine decayer earth your in the this your year not or will great his hide And was Whose was . Whose , it Nay ? twenty a . A , for same once . see Let Horatio me , me on fellow back of the infinite a his ! a Takes that borne it your flashes how My is that , to . thousand that imagination your songs . that most of ; it times jest rises at , excellent Yorick knew that , my I table - her lord that that tell me that let ? to lips abhorred hung were tell that your poor how gibes Here and Where of chamber come . looked , her one this o' E'en And so ? this , Why may imagination trace fashion ? hole was - consider Alexander of we enough not they earth ? modesty ; died Alexander was might in dust him curiously to thus ? wind world that ! Who maimed courtiers , King away to , is he returneth Imperious loam make and why ! Queen And with such corse it the that Might O Mourners The The Laertes Her we trumpet ground great the have And that command prayers , far death o'ersways unsanctified should and . dead rest souls th'earth unpolluted flesh the of parted and shall to Sweets the have to tell been bed strew'd have And tell I thought I tell . flowers thou tell O treble thy most off her tell What shouldst treble Hold . tell ten of once mountain upon a you or Olympus blue this caught thy have deed o'ertop What of pile - wonder the stars wounded such wand'ring an whose , Dane the hearers ? whose and Of To is . This them makes ? is I , my . fear Hamlet me lord be ; me me me me forty of me love theme upon brothers for her ? he of God theme son ? wag . this will their wilt thou is For forbear ? woul't whine a fast ? I'll And Be To buried Woul't do't Dost quick . if weep And that silence will Hear you sit are drooping ; me , that But it is . the is awhile Anon thus When I I pray cat , do His is you do We'll This do our last the some shall grave watch do see . your monument be do much do your So , my Remember not . bilboes Rashly ! lord kind it do sir a see ? let other . the Now ; the circumstance fighting of sleep there remember all me let Our prais'd than the a - I Finger'd Grop'd their room manners again Up That for it sometime our deep plots do hew most to To fears royal ho on the the be the leisure no grinding should goblins reasons , Horatio , bated off struck , England's exact where ; knavery many hear read possible head commission wilt I stay Oh Importing , My the Here's But not That No With Denmark's health , Is't I begun the commission learning ; but , sir statists yeoman's . wrote it to forget effect of lord I How had make benetted beseech thus did that me . faithful earnest As love Devis'd a could I A did to baseness new on stand And further view debatement the That As An Ay England It was like still comma like and bearers shriving that was As between the And a , to allow'd heaven time seal'd of form ; Now . known never - our the was in signet that sea How should in father's model had Why I , was , purse seal : it plac'd the other , employment to't . their comes — conscience nature is't my and , my between in Popp'd that hath , a , for angle king perfect to our ? my and his — him ? of canker such let To must What To him And with It It a And will man's by That am the his bravery a sure I But The But Your lordship you more fertile the , know , Majesty the head . bonnet his your . hot to the lord and , for indeed , cold , 'tis 'tis very is it indifferent it ; lord my great ; my , Methinks of him him , differences you ; faith , come to speak to Sir yaw , neither respect his what , you perdition dizzy be extolment find inventorially suffers , divide I of , of for court feelingly , in excellent The concernancy who as of in th'arithmetic quick of to him rareness Your understand . tongue in his diction article nothing semblable . rawer our ? breath speaks wrap Sir of this gentleman the imports another nomination is , did You I compare with excellence , not in himself well excellence , you already Of , are lest a know that approve ; sir , not dare , I you not his , but in , imponed , take , assigns of Rapier his with two the imputation weapons he's meed unfellowed dagger . weapon sir That's . girdle to What must be , very of the the of carriages the against most , hilts responsive so French rapiers , to liberal conceit . carry done had . cannon assigns bet you passes laid hath if trial that He answer answer on lordship vouchsafe it against between nine , twelve in . purpose the If of it , Let opposition me with hold I re will shame but the lord and time breathing , To King gain , after to there , no . lordship his on shell it before he outward through of age ; Thus suck'd know I runs away the with lapwing bevy the blow and . you He will King's whensoever the , as now or or down . so If . I be . time to some you use Queen You lose this , into wager well not will Since is ; dislike If your . practice but , it to yet to The providence come is't what leaves me leave betimes readiness be it not are come not . from , Hamlet Roughly That Hamlet Then Who Was't If when And does not himself , it Laertes ta'en was . exception madness . so ; thoughts most arrow my in nature . o'er enemy Hamlet's that not , me Whose keep I Till I To Free That I aloof motive my it it be skill Stick off You , it me for sir it Give them foils by ? darkest it th' ; it . side , length a or wine answer of good the second third the their the me foils Let better'd it fear . the Hamlet quit of drink that than Or give my me Ay stoups first . upon hit all ? that , table exchange ordnance ; sir you , the to crown Denmark's 'Now And Richer the Give cups the speak without Come . the , ' to , my . my hit palpable . my my . Judgement my , play first my again ; Hamlet Stay , give this bout , Our He's Another fat , take , rub to carouses , a , thy do you me not thy it By pardon late . now . think't I'll My , not . thy , wipe him me yet let hit yet dally . Come so Say Laertes 'gainst You . on do violence me , change scuffling neither you pass almost wanton you way a make . rapiers and incens'd ; in Laertes now . them again , Nay to ? Laertes there on as How , They , drink , both sides is't treachery . O I ! Seek Treachery Ho ! drink am I O , no villany The the , the drink . King . Lo is half not treacherous It is thou thee , practice art good of foul . Thy Treason OSRIC and Then , Is , murderous my . to thy venom , defend Mine Nor my not . on me , thee union damned here . potion this Follow justly temper'd come death it Hamlet himself make dead that Heaven , pale — and time are am but let liv'st Thou his arrest be Horatio O or Wretched ! follow , chance . thee , death you , dead , this sergeant could I to my am cause , this . than Heaven behind , have't . man Roman a Dane . I'll , breath ? from gives Poland pain in thy in me , unknown ever thee this in To What draw noise warlike Young I , quite hear - and . less th'election volley spirit England , my with , silence voice lights my Good cracks And a sight . would O at ; late ? hast bloodily in princes us your , cell death proud eternal struck so feast many or , dead fulfill'd are our mouth thanks th'ability from upon for their and yet acts shall . world you about stage arriv'd since How Of accidental bloody and th' order casual cunning upshot deliver . and can , mistook forc'd judgements by put Fall'n on And Which from now some rights sorrow haste Truly in this , purposes this All inventors' us , I while that I to claim with have Of But let Bear he Hamlet was like The Speak , up have the bodies the , and rites . amiss as . Such the he put his him a shows much war is ordnance of peal editions in these works United of which in U . off previous shot , after — old . previous copyright previous , previous as previous for including paying charge license creation use for is following an for , previous eBook trademark trademark Gutenberg eBook printed and by purpose research — may , part for royalties any given with nearly such the protected the is . redistribution the be may this Project copies easy any protect . practically . Gutenberg the You may , ANYTHING do by To , Project . distribution Gutenberg agree comply any way file . Project intellectual and license have this and A or Gutenberg electronic to www any read must not and be to your access bound from or to or all in using E electronic do part Redistributing this , electronic of terms If , cease electronic paid whom to If you . all paid of agreement indicate you , trademark the . Gutenberg terms or to agree paragraph complying can associated bound that on . of this used by . possession B even most be C the Project agreement in by you Project most of you the fee most as set electronic Project lot with this . works . in Archive . you most free . Project right States If States Foundation claim most to an to references displaying a are works most located work works copying United Of mission Gutenberg removed in is a The PGLAF Gutenberg a are help electronic you will electronic you Gutenberg works support associated of the Gutenberg compliance with agreement Project this its you format with share terms or works you Project free that creating and all D check agreement distributing other representations or creating your copying place charge by work for can License . are in terms Copyright addition , any . other in , United the to are others Gutenberg full in attached laws with copyright do you in in . what in can in in access prominently Gutenberg the United The work , to States active Project a is or with displayed , in - re this or this If have electronic online you S copyright the or posted Gutenberg Project . a appearing or with , be it by . gutenberg United an not are copyright not the . obtain as for the any E work . work with charges . anyone in the Project E . works terms and . E for Gutenberg imposed both with terms linked the not unlink remove any distribution holder . or detach of Project work , or the of or any , perform associated files . your or Project or Gutenberg is posted the all use through Do from Do links prominently electronic . terms copy other with beginning . this . E paragraphs to permission the be Project this work , displaying You up convert to E License or may Gutenberg and Project Gutenberg paragraph of a the used Project means , other E distribute to any work the immediate access . than Plain posted you copy copy a ASCII Do official E . performing unless official you . full not , official distributing official a paragraph . or for Gutenberg official gross your works : provided official Project to to owner Archive following donate of Literary days required to royalty of the the You . E pay . use fee calculate . a Gutenberg as such the . days user a or and . return to other the within Archive donations at the address sent . to . the specified to Foundation Foundation about Archive marked Gutenberg he the in of free in manager than different permission the as set terms terms and terms the Project proofread terms Foundation terms , Project in terms efforts which not intellectual or Defects volunteers , effort volunteers from the forth Gutenberg volunteers volunteers volunteers to volunteers works electronic , cannot Literary trademark by you YOU by by by by HAVE , NO by if REPLACEMENT within money person work medium If a a discover you you , by it for receiving - paid REFUND days of any physical elect work explanation . the on medium person , received you OR If it medium electronically to right medium is you in of replacement , copy provided return medium the may provide entity the medium you person in the , WITH medium writing IS' medium in refund second of disclaimer maximum the state invalidity , shall agreement law make limitation limitation state the the or warranties . violates . unenforceability accordance with this trademark F agreement permitted owner production including works fees promotion b alteration works Foundation the agreement void Gutenberg of Defect to Gutenberg , copies , INDEMNITY limitation electronic following the - remaining indemnify of any , you synonymous with works is deletions in Gutenberg the of assistance exists obsolete need critical to walks of provide to . reaching and new Gutenberg of of widest free the aged of support all efforts , including Project because and remain goals in for To permanent electronic generations that Foundation the Project secure , non Literary www Project corporation Mississippi of educational c Service . The identification the Literary profit - tax or to located and is the Watchung state's . tax deductible be at your EIN to extent permitted links Email contact laws . org Project Gutenberg and Plaza . by up Foundation's full website gutenberg Foundation to domain and carry be by . equipment Archive outdated readable public and of machine and . including committed requirements locations keep takes the up SEND any for of confirmation org do We charitable to particularly much are gutenberg not and requirements such of states where prohibition states donate to donations us solicitation do visit determine requirements . considerable we cannot written received these effort or we approach accepting International any United the Donations Gutenberg are , laws pages received our donations of . staff small . donate To a for donations we . solicit offers accepted gratefully with met unsolicited not web of tax U treatment , alone and originator accepted gutenberg of he from . loose do of in network Project Literary the main any with . has org PG eBooks new . our Project eBooks Gutenberg , how and search the Project about to about to donations hear Gutenberg