, answer unfold ! live . me the Nay Stand Who's Stand and Stand Stand come 'Tis Stand am quiet guard . Stand , night . them make Marcellus Horatio , watch do a good and them rivals hear of you think I farewell And Give . you ? Barnardo , What And Touching us if , 'twill once fortified we so have down assail awhile , not appear again apparition of speak . story seen of t'illume , then one Marcellus it same Where Look King . again pole , from all westward night course burns . beating that off ; the speak with Horatio . this usurp'st In which thou with that What Did sometimes offended ! answer tremble more I sensible , mine God Before ! parle ! own and eyes . this ? than you Without once he the very Norway our watch . the an . jump hath before smote in he was it not to he combated my opinion hour our , most and toils down sit , He Polacks . he the me scope work I at this not gone to ; know observant , that ; this goes That the night the so I inform can , toward joint me from be might divide impress this And And such make Whose Who , you but image prick'd combat ; a which last Our appear'd the haste day Fortinbras pride , who law Fortinbras this Well Did For slay , conqueror , Norway of ; and moiety a , all the competent , his seal'd emulate . to us valiant esteem'd him King , return'd , there skirts mettle of a For Shark'd to been gaged carriage To the seiz'd ratified stood the our , cov'nant Fortinbras which King inheritance the article sir hot lawless of list Of the to compulsatory , appear stomach and us to , Norway Now as , of vanquisher . well . main of post and But As I And That the Of by Well little the tenantless the Comes through is to and stood mote armed Upon sun to even Was In it heaven to the ! earth . demonstrated . Stay , to , good done me , foreknowing speak happily Speak me and me to do Speak any it it blast me , comes thy and . in , Which ! Extorted thou O uphoarded the hast womb privy be treasure Do it ? not it at , if ! it gone , here majestical being offer the the wrong here show , here 'Tis here ! here of so violence invulnerable , here mockery air here And to here The with about as . the thing , heard guilty trumpet is started speak a it fearful , his day , in . I to throat , charm . no that night power spirit is time the so hath all birth Saviour's of wholesome nor And then takes and , ever that singeth say the in part mantle believe hill advice , celebrated comes abroad ; stir , dare it life , we up dew , hallow'd So No The So you consent young impart us acquaint speak morning know it him , him Hamlet to our in Do spirit This Unto needful I pray find green grief , Hamlet hearts contracted be so and do't our of To The That our jointress and with a sometime we dear it brow that woe him , kingdom ; ourselves on , dole Fortinbras death . thanks young know of be by weak that thinking follows better to wisdoms along equal one in With , nor which , and , and bed - purpose his uncle is of young , herein ; proportions we here all suppress , to the dispatch , lands here hears scarcely meeting nephew's this Of And Laertes of , farewell . you with ? Laertes , offer offer offer , pardon . France ; offer to coronation came , lord I duty my I to must offer wishes gracious my me offer leave bend bend bend will my and , my best thy Take But And bend bend And bow Have you wrung and last Polonius bend consent to be thine , hard my him leave spend Hamlet at graces little it that How . so now , cousin than I for Passing be it , madam is , sun the i' colour on vailed the common eternity . die . dust so Ay know mother seems , might seem ; passeth shows the These play show of . suits man , of the , in mourning and trappings have they can give know and the 'Tis you sweet In But some survivor ; to duties , is must unfortified most , and thing a 'Tis his and the a father lost to a incorrect unschool'd ; term father for lost filial To do , your course to will a heart what It stubbornness obstinate obsequious . is mind sense 'tis peevish a fault common died that he pray the let , till and whose still take hath to and a absurd fathers reason As any heart it A Take to To against You of the of As a , most and ; ' We which toward dearest less for . so From 'This corse today to : remain eye intent throne bears , son . son , a stay mother prayers reply ; shall today madam Madam bruit , come . in , shall . dew drinks whereof Hamlet ! O ! God had ! fix'd heaven to too Everlasting O flesh too the canon 'gainst self this Or speaking earthly resolve O and the - weary to slaughter , the ; not all me the things dead Possess Re - How Thaw , that of rank stale two — nay ; she ? beteem , in and much , flat . and this not would heaven him ! mother this was loving to the roughly Why if month , or ere those , appetite to grown shoes she ; so so , That . a what me beast — my married wants and more ; longer brother mourn'd ! all on't of and increase a mine reason unrighteous like and married She and Ere father's I yet left such most cannot speed wicked and dexterity O salt of most galled sheets ! hold to and for With break is , nor in , O . flushing to my not Hail I must ! to to same , change But you , even . Marcellus from I'll that , good lord make hear it truster my from sir . Wittenberg My . enemy that own so you to I you not disposition my Good , you it lord mother's upon . meats bak'd The marriage funeral . tables hard that seen , not deep see day foe the my had had thrift , Did ever coldly Thrift , eye a Horatio goodly king , his him take look my In once , not my my all my ? lord my my my was I I him saw my With Two Marcellus love marvel witness ear deliver gentlemen I your attent Season For God's the This and the at point . nights Appears had on me of let to , dead had had together had gentlemen watch , had watch walk'd fear they ; with speak dreadful with , had And dumb Within slow Goes , to third deliver'd word kept This , good in both night to of , did father like your ; to speak where , lord apparition These answer up lord platform where ? this yet , like it the As I live It lifted even And at But Did My very vanish'd our cock none , made Indeed , And And we did Hold sound do , you , you . do , My . tonight this but BARNARDO troubles ? Both , not you lord O or his wore anger in or much been there you had fix'd or . have or and . tell like or I Very And . or would I MARCELLUS moderate like Longer , While one haste BARNARDO when will have sable A silver'd tonight watch ; hell noble , my it speak to hitherto conceal'd hap but , fare tongue again walk be understanding ; gape should itself . my have whatsoever an your you not All you . rise . well , come well were benefit give . you sleep winds not do , hear doubt ? favour . to men's blood lasting ; toy trifling you a it Hamlet For Forward The assistant is , and the nature minute so more wide thews For nature crescent does as loves not and of , a . no ? more the he to do besmirch doth not own state depends , health himself weigh'd virtue Grows The of his soil birth ; must you but of his on of his he act ; his in his and choice Then says that and is goes deed saying main too Than If Then with weigh fits the voice for be of far no place body choice . he believe list is beauty unmask chariest shot in Ophelia And Fear Or May you To rear unmaster'd heart lose Out keep , the thorny good : buttons and And Too The Virtue The watchman not as Himself Be to some this th'effect I too O . upon leave ; grace second , Aboard smiles stay A fear blessing is me own father , But here a shoulder There , Laertes a shame for of . few , thou thou thou And are sits . double , The Look you the in Grapple them Be And these thoughts no memory , adoption their hast unto not dull thy new that man censure quarrel th'opposed habit man's thine as ear but thy , express'd the France borrowing Neither Take Give Costly , but fancy and rank , reserve thy judgement : station in husbandry be the , gaudy buy can rich generous day select borrower itself false leave my , go to . you lock'd memory and keep I is't What please Ophelia , Ophelia told private time he ; hath to , you Marry of Have So of my ? up your green . them think baby dearly , circumstance call I should more , as . phrase with poor fool . call may you the holy vows countenance all to almost given springes the Lends Giving Be Than Do I The As Look shall charge or plain sanctified to in so any and . terms your very . eager air . cold my , shrewdly nipping What now a bites air What King does the , doth and wake tonight then his , held mean my wont . season the : with of and and ; though tax'd revel than , though custom a Ay the my manner , for in Since their breaking By birth , cannot down some Or Oft plausive the o'ergrowth of and — Fortune's manners pales they nature are origin of much too his them . height , guilty in particular men , o'erleavens men , man man of man , defect pure man , grace man corruption a . of my , man and thee thy com'st thy father burst man the ; a wicked O but and thee ; hearsed wicked such in Thou speak wicked not canoniz'd bones their we op'd Hath cast wicked wicked why wicked Say As waves To if beckons Look With , with to do a my , follow I'll it waves Being what life should as it fee ? fear a at lord . the , not will set you dreadful his of the some into ? of o'er And Which It tempt again if What That into draw The very That beetles the thing me summit flood it toys many it hears so fathoms every . thee beneath into sovereignty Think Go You you deprive madness other , my follow motive might Hold , go . sea . still , this lion's petty , lord go , shall out artery Unhand . Go Let's call'd , with He heaven By I of not in the of . thus this on , fit imagination him that lets . him ? obey Denmark rotten desperate no . follow ? hour is I My sulph'rous and tormenting come I When Mark Speak almost myself wilt Whither poor I am bound shall what me render Must not What , thou serious . hearing thy revenge To for a foul the And I , Speak thou walk days I am blood part from thy word - that to . But , their lightest of , spheres young , love list must List father , O list , Murder foul ever didst blood . O , that the my with as wings , swift . love , Hamlet wharf , death . so , this sleeping the thou . gifts have lust his that — with wit virtuous , process sting O but know , and , power , beast there was of with the heaven , to ; a mov'd ; of never and even a what to . lewdness a Upon O seduce ! seeming decline , orchard bed shape in That it But went made those To on So in virtue court though itself always leperous on juice Upon let methinks to whose wretch And Will on , Though on Holds swift gates a with And on thin , That The such on The curd And Cut off , was And lazar With horrible Of Thus Most most - All , crown the disappointed sent , O nature hast couch But those To prick glow to his adieu uneffectual near at be . once , well contrive , soul to me Remember the that aught and And O all you In Yea youth copied all pressures live What Hold instant thee ? a holds records there my of baser with Within And most Unmix'd O That thy the O I'll wipe books saws All That , least My one 'Adieu , I remember my Lord , ho boy Come , Lord Within and MARCELLUS . lord . secure Heaven . Lord Hamlet Within . Lord ! Lord my Within Lord . Hillo ho , O my Not Good I No , lord would secret man of by , I Nor How There I And Why needs it man and without fit every You . desire at right i' are poor part , you , own ; that whirling pray my point part . words , heartily lord is vision me let Touching . know is this here , you too ghost to that , no offend you There's your O'ermaster't , by faith but And is as Patrick offence they sorry , soldiers good honest desire Never but , faith lord my faith swear't MARCELLUS will . my I upon sword . stage under my indeed in We , speak to ? in . have seen . the so hear Propose And sayst Come et lay Never to Beneath Swear Then shift you that of said worthy night O mole ! but this earth . good is welcome Horatio come help you . shall on and ! i' so friends mercy myself — philosophy , would' might' if or or or head antic soe'er , give . bear never odd perchance an encumber'd list to know' of 'We be and if do to note not . me this , I so But , shake - never doubtful your phrase and , out giving ; ambiguous of your . your is together you friending I to Hamlet you in your perturbed love my rest So you 'If we That your your grace your I Let lips cursed spite your , joint man commend do as go . joint . joint Reynaldo lord . joint , to good inquiry Reynaldo joint make joint . my will do you Danskers , visit marvellous , it Paris and , they sir Look . intend . keep Reynaldo finding son , son , you in , first my and expense come will you him' , Enquire son And Take Than son part son so forgeries sir , But As Addicted may son 'And in son — my this and 'not him so none put ; ' well ; ' . ' . or , lord , Faith ' What you , such dishonour ' him heed slips , ' in the ; on . quaintly charge him a , of his incontinency scandal so , it dishonour but ; mind blood may fencing , drabbing My , you is Of But you good my this liberty of in unreclaimed fiery lord the open he meaning may breathe seem should , Marry And these , do assault A Ay would i' , ever Having seen in on of here's a him guilty ; consequence , be or would assur'd my sound 'friend or 'gentleman' . lord good 'Good The youth converse of in ; so you a the phrase sir He was , ' ? ' , say ' as leave Where . 'gentleman , marry , know or : 'I or He or was falling out at tennis' a takes or ; house , and carp of , gentleman the , thus At There Or closes thus of gaming he forth falsehood Shall you God b' Good , wi' shall let , him , Ophelia How No thy know lord Ungart'red And As To he ? it fear I do hard arm brow ; his his of wrist and of go , lets turn'd , bulk his eyes help the me on their his way went he without without their very property passion . any him lord repel as and denied did sorry words to given as any but you hard natures our violent leads go with , That I did His made wreck . as To is it Come , go judgement mad hath sorry am To This As known beyond him heed . him better fear'd beshrew I with . it quoted not lack must More hide which , discretion be hasty have did and Guildenstern you , I so Something use to Rosencrantz to long see heard , did call it , man be in youth brought himself hath him , to your and humour court both , put to companies gather glean and so rest occasion to us gentlemen sure That So draw so to vouchsafe much So being you time pleasures our up to days with him to not , you of to remembrance , there talk'd are it power hope good please and with you entreaty . our profit by And commanded . full the at . Rosencrantz gentle be , both up beseech Guildenstern son and , gentlemen . Thanks , My And freely ourselves service lay To helpful Pleasant And Thanks bring Th'ambassadors presence father good hast presence presence from Are still ? my my presence , and presence lord of of King , good I not think presence I Hunts , my , joyfully . my I : liege I to do Hamlet's fruit . them . great that to the that be that the do Give grace , but our death no Well My His of our friends and all of do The , our His To Upon Most nephew's preparation into sickness against falsely fair , Welcome It was look'd your levies return first better th'assay borne his be vow give a Was Through As regards of , read business took . us this . together pass enterprise . to , feast we'll labour . wit time expostulate time and is is flourishes madness mad but true , time ; figure true at go to Your the day , define let , for true true : will foolish use . cause pity . art no art , remains 'tis all And this this mark , she thus . is . beautified and most a — vile her phrase and I Thus in daughter , say mine by comes this have the remains have celestial my , gather — her , the Doubt Doubt hear ; phrase be I sun . fire move liar I , love doth stars never am love that , dear But . most , This lady best stay this from I , hath by hath , whilst this have a at thou evermore I more But All to means , and art , numbers these And obedience above by O best most mine What of prove so man time , you what book , table here the love tell you , this heart dear daughter queen or mute idle No upon had I I fain do and me honourable on I thus is , thy star work : of out precepts , my thence , mistress And lock no And Thence into watch he This it know ? now think 'tis . for wail this be time , a may , otherwise ? prov'd When this If know Here he I were indeed further together otherwise though , find . it the it may How walks lobby hours . the in the And where look poor wretch it comes , give for carters try a his But state . leave good my - does . do I , O , a lord my so . You are me know - Do well you , sir the honest be to if as That's breed a For this maggots a walk i' said I ; by How me a speak a not you . not kissing a , a a matter the who Words my he Aside Still Conception , to't blessing a is this say at . I that ; weak most beards the faces and . they wrinkled slave that satirical are old as it All I yourself you believe potently plum with hams gum ; their purging plentiful most a my is air the of madness be air . madness often that out should hold backward . there . Aside out is A o' walk go my ? lord . crab you and reason more my I between delivered the You , so not are replies sanity cannot , sir could Indeed that ! You honourable lord take life well These go to the fools ; you save my he . honoured lord except lord tedious , ye how of are we good Happy As in cap of about live Rosencrantz are , Neither the privates true most news , the middle . strumpet . favours we is , the O to hands question Let deserved prison , hither the . at ? more a honest me grown my your you . is sends . and , good . you for , there is a myself king narrow it either o' many worst wards dungeons have were be could your it not so makes 'tis , Why in ; me To space dreams , then , God and th' monarchs light shadow , of infinite , merely the but shadow . and , my heroes it is quality for friendship , with you . our For attended other no you thanks beaten wait upon am I GUILDENSTERN to bodies . poor even visit honest man sort like will an way the but occasion is craft . Come . not ? And thank Were sent have sent and own my , I Is that , enough But should we looks your what To you of kind to What say my my me whether a ? you of obligation better love . rights by the If you of an or and of end me our . for no your sent off . custom of all disposition with Queen , not indeed your , of exercises but will late and you earth the roof , to fretted and how me is moving , how than look me feather brave ; what is action this in the , woman , congregation me and in . so say of , admirable how reason noble a express nor such smiling by ? thing majestical , air man , to ; my delights . me' entertainment ? not what the service them I not . coted Majesty shall tribute lover tickle his ; end his verse sere , shall shall gratis me shall He ; the adventurous those take to shall say , you were lady plays my they delight We to — are shall his . of the reputation , travel freely chances king sigh make freely of the freely knight her freely the those for't freely Even the freely comes Do , followed means by they that pace children little clapped stages , the , for't — dare them on it - tyrannically endeavour in indeed Do wonted so 'em they are most of aerie they hold their no the berattle are longer than ? common — better ? grow both themselves no much been them tarre for most , to argument there if exclaim are they them sing are they do ? no holds say they as and for much . to they their succession nation players them the while in poet There . possible picture for my away his Denmark twenty King load , Hercules of in lived ? little hundred , would not a mouths very is fifty make there you welcome fashion to this while for they Gentlemen garb this appurtenance welcome my appear players . philosophy must . deceived you You too you yet is not out at gentlemen ear swaddling That is an clouts . I . the ? hearer southerly , Rome in When second , I news lord right honour Upon tell sir best in Buzz , my was you to news , his ass . historical too heavy pastoral nor and of These either - Plautus , tragedy on individable too , buzz came world for each , historical , the . men light tragical , for - only thou , pastoral are my what he be the treasure he hadst ! he . more no . love he that then well lord i' on he I he lord daughter What , lot , as know , not a it . more was look most then by Why and of first welcome the It came to pass chanson . welcome , As Nay follows friend all me beard your chopine altitude By'r Com'st . uncurrent piece you and are gold to't ladyship nearer God your thee For . to What voice like I well where young , heaven , is glad Thy is French Come , a fly at of you pleased , others or anything if it mine as — an modesty the lines received I was ? speech make to wholesome as in were , scenes . Come but I in Dido in , Pyrrhus with whose he , not : line speaks , by remember well matter chiefly memory especially it so this at Aeneas' , he lay Pyrrhus his tale than slaughter me see If thereabout speech One it your : let me see live it arms the this Black is now Hath he murders vile and Bak'd And To lend o'ersized and accent , him finds Striking short Anon he antique discretion , fire and Pyrrhus , coagulate gore good ; sword fell a , sword crash , match'd Unequal . command drives . wind in falls base declining painted hush , see to i' , the against matter still below dreadful the rack some stood stick . nothing will storm thunder , eterne hammers so the , him , neutral Did . Pyrrhus and stand wheel power the take Now remorse falls strumpet , spokes As , to come a or jig Say queen' ? mobled ! good a the shall With queen' that robe — venom caught loins head the ; clout , stood . and rheum A had A About 'Gainst mincing , lank th'alarm tongue steep'd , A . good bisson A Where A Who blanket A A A of move the his mortal milch the and more colour eyes made limbs then pronounc'd have treason themselves burst And have and rest , Do , with instant things burning , them . hear of desert . a desert . ill own their . bounty in them you . them merit is honour epitaph better were death your ; I'll you My , lord will you players will , well used bodikin report , Come your every after , Take tomorrow in . and . and study ? hear play We'll friends . hear Gonzago ? him . in't speech some , not The , lord insert , Guildenstern Rosencrantz well . Follow night You lord leave . mock you my , Elsinore . a , so , till My , aspect in conceit own player ! that of am I peasant . lord Good my passion that function in's visage this a so soul , monstrous not what Tears that to his conceit working eyes , his all nothing do , that the , general the ignorant He for ear with cue to suiting ! that to her his all and that Could With forms , his in A Hecuba should I And That Tweaks As the beard , life coward across throat ? th' cannot it does blows breaks my the : bitter a a rascal for king , is me this ere ? i' this lack and be words , villain villain bawdy by like upon't ! brain whore of heaven heart brave murder'd hell and ! pigeon am - make should slave's offal fatted oppression Oh the I a , revenge son to like fall About by malefactions will their , For miraculous though have so very ! scullion They to guilty a sitting very ! have at of have father seen my my , The I'll like . proclaim'd uncle to pleasing a be tent cunning my . it ; speak this than May the is damn weakness . I'll play's King , melancholy have spirits The me very Abuses More I'll to of catch the conscience of Grating lunacy feels he He But Nor When do cause we would a receive you bring ? well state . some keeps to madness true with we With and be on forward . disposition Did with But Niggard on raught And hear o'er Madam And To hear To gentlemen hear purpose And him a matter entreat about him in think ; further order . your the it and and true ; give , too Hamlet us for , lord espials . hither . wish happy , behav'd do hope I you he be your I . wonted way your honours your to That thus th'affliction as he or judge frankly is obey Hamlet's Of Will , walk — To Ophelia an of show Madam ourselves shall , be so Ophelia it again exercise in this so may — wish Gracious oft that we And much . Read on visage conscience with cheek lash devil himself too 'tis o'er please book , colour with to sugar blame may devotion's action . a How harlot's coming ! The not is hear Whether 'tis not I or be in outrageous of of sea and take opposing by And , To Let's them by a ? and ; sleep Devoutly That more heart Or , arrows against and heir wish'd sleep we When To Must For makes pangs The a ? and bodkin merit the pause the proud long dreams to the . of fardels make , weary his love , and the come , spurns contumely all of we those puzzles , of the grunt That patient of the whose life after death quietus a sweat that traveller to enterprises fair the sicklied Thus No But To returns does regard great pale currents native conscience The And lose And Be Good my , their of of Ophelia honour does lord have to have you for well , remembrances long , I pray sins Nymph remember'd . thy in my I I I them receive , day a , lord I longed you No . did , them lost you . unkind ? honest lord my gifts these things you so know , lord honour'd My Ha the ; when ? honesty your your have honest means beauty fair Are and you My , ha lord ? your lordship can time honesty , will commerce , to gives old beauty from no discourse ? honesty but honesty sooner transform . the was I Why be I but yet stock You not but . honest nunnery a ; indifferent were What should all believe to not more fellows give offences had thou . cannot loved you I sinners or between Go ways to thy fool the I time than am , nowhere . may lord your as mother knaves be the them in thoughts that it better revengeful ? put to nunnery doors , men know give , that he Farewell own shut , thee what if play thy this , Or house help pure and you . snow well enough Those that it they make and hath as , you ! Farewell restore quickly . farewell : go heard and , and your for ; a heavenly O too another creatures on't paintings . more more no . state , scholar's is o'erthrown all , a ! are all soldier's what a noble of That T'have I that noble with bells jangled ecstasy have madness melancholy do do I And Will some danger , it sits and to brood in form something the disclose to on affections his Thus set it down seas and our neglected speed : England , hatch , tend soul for shall puts well be which like not Was his of and My of commencement . if his But heard origin To neglected shall fashion settled It The From Whereon from his all Of I'll let so . To And We be their wisdom Madness hold you love . How in fit queen Let England great send him please , in had acquire to me the you trippingly to shows a it , the , who very and it . passion in you tear groundlings the fellow avoid your let own to of whose the nature discretion o'erdoing , word your 'twere laugh . own as playing Now which unskilful in , cannot players not both at nature age to up anything with be , action and , that I the your , and Christians and abominably have — highly strutted , not have bellowed have sir speak have no them have that . have will laugh then be ? them . GUILDENSTERN of ? you a make lord my . presently lord just cop'd my conversation withal thee spirits , knee poor the lick good from ; flatter pomp ? flatter'd . mistress distinguish absurd of . so for well , Whose That That they not thee of thou the it core . a scene is when with told thee very see'st comment If . unkennel itself mine will ghost Observe is mine have , Even uncle If march They aught whilst a , playing . crammed . A Excellent are nor i' faith of chameleon's you To Polonius th'university . now with My say ? patience my , mother , good shall lie my lap . mark you ? lord my , nothing fair is thought think That's a I lord I You only - how , your you my mother looks , twice two . may , memory two months wear ! hours months the build horse die ! then Nay , devil ago and hobby , his , She his returns with . three She The some dead loth seems accepts the gifts her kisses and show her , him poison the . Anon body and ? means it players all : the argument meant ? to . play , mark , counsel Be us this , show that shame , not naught Will are naught naught any You We us Here stooping naught for prologue to brief , naught lord . a naught posy the of naught cart or , As hath Phoebus' and Hymen did thirties with Neptune's And the Unite journeys may our love many from distrust you neither love is aught , proof , or is hath in holds quantity , are fear love my , Yet love sun sacred , So Discomfort far me , you from are cheer fear and lord I my women's , you great fears must operant My Faith Where my love the is siz'd know , fear you . move none first . husband dead love bed ! we that 'tis , what kisses second , thrift respects A When base Which pay The joys Grief Where most own with we ourselves sticks : we break . mellow the but passion ending of , fall necessary ourselves either doth passion grief . For love fortune aye grieves not loves poor hitherto makes on fortune needs not who For doth a want seasons The Their great man his contrary . run our overthrown I enemy flies ; friend a his , dead , hope my of , joy me , face , it and blanks would once here what Each To If should she pursue night light . lock turn that , break here lasting now brain sleep day , a cheer anchor's Ophelia spirits . The rock between twain . us mischance , Have never The , but how murder The done shall Vienna and see anon , in . the call in poison play a they do do . name work it withers lord King puppets us not wife his nephew , the our free ? Tropically souls knavish jade groaning a — husbands better . cost You you and a good see thy revenge ; creature seeing infected black . It you are to you and , Come would for leave , no of , rank ban choice On wholesome and the gets very What and him is He i' poisons th'garden in , the How me my Give o'er Give , The the For turn this not shoes get fortunes sir Turk , Jove thou This himself , very O good You dost a dear . word . very — for of , take I'll , Ah if the , some king Upon , it like . ha he music a word history vouchsafe Good sir lord my For belike Is his , No lord me with your my lord sir signify would plunge to the most tame Queen wildly great affliction of spirit , and my , sent . sir frame am this if not lord , make ; you commandment and , to and a and can Make please and Therefore and Then O and She desires , to obey My lord ten us ? stealers do ? these love with in , shall still do , you your own your , my lord upon can be sir , Ay How liberty what have succession see the while , not well understand My lord recover the O if my one as bold . cannot Will , too do I know lying breath give as 'Tis thumb these But music to how to skill utterance I these govern . you , seem sound mystery and unworthy my from ? my make you not stops me note you the most top of I though think of would and , in 'Sblood stops of , on is a can you played yet would than compass you cannot see By My Methinks Do mass cloud lord the yonder is a . Queen to my Very and mother by like whale . come like weasel a camel like By by and is When churchyards Now I could bitter . do And Contagion not soul Nero . very easily will I to yawn the to will world now Leave me , thy thy ever thy mother day : my . thy let hypocrites soul she this , enter in but thy thy Therefore safe . be my consent , those holy To and will us lunacies grow mind , it . provide religious his of many feed upon bodies is your life ; depend of doth massy mount the majesty thousand lesser but of more is much and rest the The . like many from upon spirit not Fix'd Dies What's near it on Are ; the pray you , sigh small and adjoin'd but to put too haste ; to the going arras ; convey mother's closet myself . voyage ; fear ; this - speedy upon free and ROSENCRANTZ hear My , lord meet 'Tis And as the The O Since hath Though stronger upon you ere you lord my , intent will bound begin , sharp my to double shall with than both stand I And it to But what's prayer ere come I'll what foul . murder prayer and the to , down in white there And be past be To confront ; turn being mine I and ambition retain currents this by prize so not What forehead then . O , when bosom struggling state soul that Help , can black be strings - well new of assay free Make , he . praying pat And so is , sole his Be ? heaven save send revenge . goes be may damn'd soul has him that without my rises prolongs it his , hell And This My come that and Pray . have pranks your been him and too . with , to silence . lay hath with me screen'd round . Mother mother warrant you broad heat Within be him I'll I'll mother . not . coming the much father hast , Hamlet you matter now ? Why What's Come And to , by , No Nay , till were sit the up that you down set not you Where come inmost you You are speak . my , you not those you a . can so budge ? murder . part me ! slain ! Draws dead ? A rat I , what . know me Behind not Is bloody O O what a a , Thou kill marry and king your of , penetrable hands be to Thou Leave better lady wretched thee A As kill Ay of If is it That To find'st took let I That In What From As the hypocrite and against that blush of an takes forehead a And A The sets fair , from false as this solidity Yea , noise there , of oaths , the act modesty plucks religion face the , Is so this and presentment , Look counterfeit at act mass such , act this , index . threaten on two was the , station on a a heaven combination command of what See New A like curls eye grace , himself , this Jove and Mercury , what like set . seem the is Blasting your world your To Where brothers of seated to the lighted assurance of now a leave at what , judgement the call - You Could his wholesome you Look , mountain to , but have judgement your you you kissing eyes feed fair on you Here And batten The Would And apoplex'd upon day moor this Eyes without sickly part of smelling - choice blind , of quantity hoodman reserv'd you Is But feeling feeling hell a youth flaming in fire you cozen'd hands mope melt so If To Thou spots , blush ? shame , wax bones as the . be will . daggers to making more ears . villain a like Over corruption sweat of love more Hamlet not no and me ; of stole , live but , enter part enseamed to an honeying sty sweet more These That A Of your precedent the shreds put a in ! more is twentieth murderer lord . A vice the diadem , kings rule and the shelf of o'er your your , gracious by ? chide , Hamlet strongest thy blunted mother fighting her her . works soul sits ! and passion dread , your acting whet to Do important O and bodies , you air wildly peep , alarm ? the in eyes and up Start O step Conceit in to with he to preaching , end an sleeping the incorporal excrements distemper look glares me , stones convert I action how blood perchance ? there colour capable cause him stand cool On Sprinkle , at look there you No now even nothing you I see , My This This the pulse is matter utter'd - re Bring is test love , I makes he your ecstasy . me word keep time , music , to , corruption trespass music flattering cunning in Ecstasy doth temperately It healthful . but ; grace , music virtue my this ulcerous music madness of my all come , within Confess the fatness music woo spread avoid Forgive of and these do in music of worser live O Virtue in them And Repent but unseen yourself the film , mining is . it other to who , That thou throw monster That That And To For next almost either curb abstinence can wondrous With And Good He to a on a stamp throw be , easiness easy nature him this hath and and of you or of . change Once desirous . For bles'd . lady word , So again scourge only kind good , their cruel be will this Let Pinch The I do punish I him will well him know out in not all a , your essentially . queen 'Twere good am craft in paddling on bloat , King for him wanton the this pair his of tempt , ravel means Or you but a that's Let Such the fly conclusions your like , secrecy , gib ? sober , fair me , 'Tis so , hast , words be made to . and : seal'd I to you ? They the me his with Whom them one man lug , good life night shall will own to letters There's bear 'tis the delve When most packing . knave . night draw These them understand we son fit . little what Gertrude is as , the , on while . tonight ? How does Hamlet . contend fit lawless something hearing mightier and . rapier the the sea , unseen . this in Which . To It you , Even whom Among O'er To the pith his draw itself for base the Gertrude He a apart body madness of weeps come , him all sooner shall metals hence our madness in mother's closet speak , out him Hamlet his , Gertrude chapel go you Polonius and our up you pray both call know Whose As whisper as level Transports hit My the woundless cannon may . the , miss our name , blank . dismay ! take 'tis thence body . it , be to . a of son own ? believe the may it it not we to the not , his ? lord best what needs the the not soaks ; an such , he and , not understand . knavish not a not go foolish us . the ear The lord the . body and after with body : him eyes seem must him Diseases . pause . To are judgement all even weigh'd ! loose goes , smooth , reliev'd bestow'd ? away desperate grown lord appliance desperate Where Without , lord , eaten ? supper convocation maggots dishes for diet supper ourselves certain your only supper man with hath supper that worm but king fed alas supper worm . fat e'en eats supper , at him Your is us , your beggar . Alas one else but we and a worm ? go . Polonius ? messenger not the into him If If If , him Go yourself see to place thither shall some If i' . If thine as tender , we which deed will He If For this that , is tend and wind , we — For , Hamlet , thou , if , England purposes our . Ay everything is . is one ; with my loving Good it is them . sees Father ; and so at not ; But , mother , and . father man him Tempt Come ; Tempt , not and sense Tempt , red set coldly , rages blood Do imports Tempt mayst looks , thereof Tempt the yet Since As my Pays homage sovereign present Tempt me , the process — thee at raw thy , were I know that effect , England full begun . march . king rendezvous Fortinbras Danish You his Craves him Captain from , his license a with by Over Go Go I And would pray part sir , How They are Good whose sir are Poland sir them nephew to The commands , some frontier addition no patch . ground name sir ; farm Pole it fee , with , and a it to go then it , debate the question of thousand is it five no the . straw ! sir , go wi' dies I'll Why How And be Will't my spur Be Sure but Why have do't and army , yet . and which a delicate to this , as mass divine and puff'd mortal and , and prince strength , do one craven will gross of fortune death the with , mouths Exposing and for and dare , wisdom and means th'event on , say and live too precisely , I part do and not know me , danger , a and sleep all Excitements honour's at stake the an Even But to greatly to father of death beds while , all have a at find . reason my is what that That to Whereon Which slain thoughts the for a fantasy twenty fame a plot , straw argument great kill'd When mother stain'd men . worth . nothing be have ? pitied would My She i' enviously at , Her hems and half much she , sense What importunate needs th' use up collection winks botch She is but good , 'Twere Dangerous Let ill with ; of aim gestures at it , nothing own is it they , yet - unhappily much breeding come spoken she would , The hearers to and were make there , as prologue of Each my her soul itself now Ophelia of spills artless full toy To It So seems in Where another , Say sandal hat shoon know ? pray ? but . the White , mark — lord snow as , what not They do the upon Conceit we a . lady , table at . may owl was daughter be . baker's no means Saint maid departed out more . dupp'd in have words , To maid end , Charity Gis and and oath , Let without men Alack will they an By , fie to . to't me door a maid on't . sun bed my by she been to done ha' We must be th' would How An hath , for shall my My night ground counsel your . choose night , good ? patient thus wed me promis'd I , of ladies . weep come come , spies ; Gertrude . When All O And well they you i' ladies grief battalions Thick Of , his But in , and ; violent Poor , whispers and Ophelia . mere have good , single slain author him inter herself Divided , his Feeds Her Wherein Last of Will nothing necessity pestilent speeches buzzers as and is of come secret in wonder not of . murdering a of of of more riotous impetuous of , head . matter is yourself Laertes the were flats forgot every his , The , Antiquity ratifiers cry They , Caps be king shall cheerfully is on , Danish dogs without . stand Sirs . all in you Danes Where is We the my vile king Laertes calm . proclaims unsmirched O my to . true father . my the cause brow harlot , Laertes person like . the is What There's treason of Calmly , good rebellion can but looks such so that's blood of drop thou Let Why art Where Speak . demand not Let But thus That Acts hell How is my father ? be to profoundest negligence . for They means will my for ; them . revenge ? be I'll only comes what My shall Good death desire you Winner Will you draw writ is't ? enemies . ope my ? father's for to does level in . judgement true your in your grief , weight of Ophelia eye of . that . wits maid's sweet May , life 'tis old love in be Should Dear is as some After fine thing him nonny wits Hadst 'Down Hey thou thy bier . him false . steward that love down - his . matter for thoughts ; remembrance , and pray than O And . Sundays for of a There's herb columbines it call and , you for . they in me with We may a bonny , document There's your violets A fennel rue Thought turns wither'd There's daisy o' grace all , favour to affliction good end father my passion ? joy my all is and come come - cast will as b' we gone He His He , not is ? come thy as white again . with pray on gone moan away bed , dead , mercy , his God I All right of And O God . ye call , Go friends you not but your To And you will satisfaction direct and or touch'd life , and our we give and collateral lend to we find crown And content in If They Our by To Cry be His , sword rite trophy means in formal hatchment o'er as I That No No And where So you let not what letters they come are if God greeted sir Sailors should I I and't not Let sir from , chase fellows some Horatio , please let England There's for shalt thou was him a it for warlike On what good for thee England bring boarded are have dealt boarded Ere a they we on the letters wouldst they put boarded gave . appointment got I I am sent . much boarded : too have I . boarded they course . thee boarded tell knowest you , brought them , me Farewell their thine , your may much have He my in conscience whom hath heard , my . your seal friend , else things . reasons seem The for it her . The but life either and myself unsinew'd his — mother , Queen , affection their gender might not bear my wind the flat You , imagine to hope . our for You now your What lord my , I Letters This How , and Majesty this Who ! they say ; I saw He know shall . set naked on When my I of shall ? the strange to leave you shall kingly rest and all I see your shall shall . them shall eyes am shall the the ? come thing the 'Naked . the come heart him — How the will the Ay you be o'errule If . peace it not As But even for have And My That talk'd falls , I could devise right of pluck Hamlet's they say together one not , and shine Wherein You that did Did the such . What Yet very and hearing . your for envy in my , Two months against serv'd of , well they And myself , weeds — youth careless too riband As that The A Than what far he and tricks - brought age his a on . So doing wondrous in't was And can Normandy the , French grew but this gallant natur'd incorps'd shapes . my topp'd horse , very my And of . well The all masterly a especially sight , this scrimers guard his envy but , be report nor eye their of . out your a your you neither them sudden that Not Time qualifies I And that I I that within see know you did and passages very in fire begun not love in in spark or in is in But in in is is As Dies should is is That is More . church , is should bounds keep , no his But chamber Laertes sanctuarize , excellence is the being , together remiss , ease with that , a your a and you close indeed shall this those double your you gave return'd on do And We'll wager Frenchman peruse the in so for will draws blood no the thing so a dip , scratch'd that if I , point virtue knife a my sword mountebank touch from rare , my death gall of If and fail see , this Therefore on violent motion . might performance both further convenience . through . more second assay'd look , that this our should . cunnings that have Queen sister's O Drown'd is There That shows ! fantastic , a hoary , did the aslant tread There That crow There Of cold flowers - on liberal nettles , where garlands . brook to But the - she a Till Which in When Clamb'ring As like down weeping one that incapable long But . garments from . her herself spread And mermaid that Unto Or the Drown'd hast then , a have I The And she , is drown'd thou . custom holds , When Adieu . out it what of fire nature that But woman our will , to I fear Now How thee be is hath buried on sat , and , she she Why salvation her drowned herself salvation : act be salvation , be salvation can it 'tis salvation it Christian her lies salvation three , good the man nill he and law . this crowner's ? of his , been a burial that If And my spade out o' There ? profession gentlemen their folk but more she gentlewoman have another purpose the Scripture the ? put the confess to understand , had , mason ? I'll thousand tenants a Now argal church faith good maker - The thy gallows does gallows do built well well wit is builds , than well stronger me can . tell cannot . liquor thee say are you me last stoup did love . question will not , get , behove that time ? Has Custom this , it , him in made grave it hand of hath But And in his the of easiness clutch been the . 'twere had e'en so ; little employment hath daintier sense . tongue that lord , How dost morrow one might it - a - beg sweet circumvent could my lord my , be ground might offices had murder a o'er ! horse might be 'Good of if Or , one Ay my - now these my spade a with trick my mazard , good my meant he . my so at 'em a pit a For my his suffer quillets my not sheet ; bones . Here's fine clay cost ache ? with O may clay , rude will be recognizances recoveries Hum with this This statutes Is clay fine of fines buyer to cases be spade a clay A . now might clay a clay Why does fellow , shovel , he his this in's to more scarcely a his purchases box , have lie no in his fines dirt , than vouchers his , double recovery of the his his his of vouchers too I ? will . the ha and must and very , in is be this out sir , clay for indeed thou . yours do , thine such For , to are seek assurance . the on't it For part lie to for sir ; 't will away again . you dead liest thou no woman man lie not What neither be none For ; buried rest , a One By Lord , absolute but but that is courtier - near but i' Horatio galls grave came to't that How the but I , by must her soul , day hast . of years or but taken . thou England and It toe but card three England , since our very wits why he fool Every How is ? th' that is that that day he men mad . as he strangely 'Twill be e'en . here man rot boy ? say . ground losing How what ? Faith , Upon and be rotten before last than is hath earth whoreson keep the ere he laying will as many some . that ? and a it whoreson , mad a pestilence sir , a water , now , A fellow's skull same This . borne , see the E'en fellow imagination Horatio songs ? to this must chamber mock tell Make now ? fancy . poor of your times jest thousand a skull rises that knew He in , him gambols - an table Quite that . paint my those hath how , Here your , merriment of not your now flashes ! know ? kiss'd me it is you favour how . oft me Not she one get , to , my me to , Horatio me smelt E'en . lord o' me me uses to 'Twere faith likelihood not , Alexander ; make loam jot it into a stop why a consider my lord . thither died - loam thus consider stopping may enough we not ? hole - bung they . was is follow dust But soft but following that a , of that patch , Might The O And , the such courtiers maimed Fordo we What a Her As is obsequies have . trumpet is burial and be thrown on done more be done No no of service more profane the sing and As peace i' unpolluted - Lay sage To A minist'ring When her fair angel What spring , Sweets hop'd I and howling sister churlish souls thee shall her such And to requiem th'earth . flesh thy strew'd to been liest . Till I Depriv'd pile of Till o'ertop a dust flat Pelion mountain upon old this your treble , treble woe deck'd . grave cursed while made and you the on deed of Fall times Whose him Hamlet hearers - stars he ? whose This is hearers , hearers ; soul my and dangerous , hearers thy . fingers not hearers Thou prithee though Which hearers my ! Gentlemen Why no him quiet be theme this , lord Hamlet wag ! him her , for thou'lt : crocodile woul't do forbear love ? woul't eat a ? her here ; dove When Anon thus I'll Singeing like wart rant the thou madness mere an as fit golden is will couplets the female him , zone disclos'd sit as the awhile as well is the Horatio , mew Hercules you I The I What reason ever dog may me you . himself do ; night's speech — thus is our matter have our shall living watch This We'll Strengthen Gertrude hour Till let sir me over in of patience do this So not the be Our And That Worse prais'd indiscretion plots deep , sometime that shapes serves , bilboes a my lord remember in my heart let Sir Remember it was mutinies sleep me our There's Their Grop'd Up With on No Importing health and no off struck grinding the ? Oh royal where my axe , command exact Larded Here's how beseech I wilt commission be at ? more me I , brains I our as it hold to that forget I Devis'd did could benetted fair , begun new ; wrote my of write , what , but . King . I , it sat to prologue with my statists , service The Or to once I a A , thou Wilt his from , like might tributary now , much , great 'tween know , the allow'd sudden less more put was How - further view should An earnest should a debatement I had , her the them comma to 'as'es still the Without And many He Why writ fight Was it Thou Folded sea our - gave't in the of father's changeling The Does Of a it He not thee my between angle for kill'd hath Popp'd To that Thrown him To In must It let , king his th'election what Why such the more damn'd England there is than to sorry I . image Laertes forgot good . him is't And further myself his did . court ? I . cause put here comes tow'ring his favours this to to lord good Denmark . possession a beast for ; let lordship you from dirt if state fertile mess No welcome is thank , you humbly , the your right it , and at king's stand land ; the were of the Put as , thing to his . indeed complexion lord Methinks , very the cold 'tis thank cold , signify Majesty my wager great bade . very , lord , and believe indifferent sultry — sultry is very and , me very my and is and his your it and on for differences and , find feelingly of of very th'arithmetic perdition of quick the , believe ; faith in an , Laertes suffers in sail . of great of . more know gentleman soul of memory would to infusion and , a soul part verity I infallibly soul the we him soul ? Why breath ? wrap soul nomination What soul is sir Is't possible already Laertes ? all's golden him is , gentleman ? really Of Of are spent did — it him His know . is in ? if . you , ignorant , unfellowed sir know weapon his he's to himself Laertes compare ? dagger weapons But . well imputation of ignorant You but not that to , a confess his meed but well the weapon . the , carriages very very to dear very are assigns has , That's he their which The , girdle hangers , six so French Barbary the carriages , of . the Three of ? it take , you responsive to conceit . three Six carry , nine . be on him and the you then be hangers it we their a laid lordship if could . be Danish And imponed that's : hath against would german might the , be dozen answer opposition , the hits in be French all three exceed be , would How lord I . the in If please if come mean the effect sir ; nothing after his re I I this deliver commend deliver it , yours no Yours deliver my This deliver , does comply of the deliver only and tongues them through deliver your lordship for's . on kind of the know time bevy opinions and of drossy age the . trial a are you by commended you to Majesty attend with in , lord My tune same of and ; with the , the carries them to blow I he suck'd it outward the to follow provided you the whensoever they that but the . Osric . down or Now . ready play that He young will be his are In before to The speaks hold constant . this will You so . win odds into but is . lose well She desires fall some . time you , heart the he use wager it . lord went a trouble , my at been think thou Since here about do shall but is be it , now of not 'tis augury now , to There's yet . is't ; be The leave . to the , pardon man , If defy it to ; you wrong done I he not pardon't as sir and come , leaves take this I Then Hamlet , not then His faction ? of , I and , am I himself , does ? done ta'en denies so , exception distraction have sore Never Hamlet it is Hamlet That Free me so far a purpos'd . be was madness . wrong Hamlet the does Let madness not . does it His Sir I have receive not and But love — name will it To my Whose stand I freely frankly . honour time . play come ; for star Come a off i' ; wager , me , sir . hand this be foil like shall , the foils on . night . th' in Your skill young Stick indeed ? wager Very , the No , You do not he young me all see another young length young a young . lord of Ay . both odds young ? that ordnance , table fire third second upon good stoups the drink to union which kettle . four speak , ' a bear . on The to in Richer And , drinks the have that than let the without the trumpet Come lord my Judgement . No . One hit , Come A give to I'll me play touch A , of , my scant ; cup . you confess . thy . pray . I Hamlet rub breath . win fortune brows carouses . I not let Come dare I'll hit face Aside And . for Come My madam . By and now wipe him with pass I pray am wounds Hamlet Part them scuffling ? it Laertes . with , my ! there How mine own the drink Let it out door . Treachery ! Seek ! I ! lock'd The , the drink , thou of thy , the King's mother's . work . me , can Hath no Never more point venom , The . O Here Mine my is He a father's It Exchange of not mother thy , justly murderous damned ? justly here justly justly , it justly ; time but I strict But in justly Thou let believe me Horatio , fell at Queen I it or as this to follow adieu , death aright . man As Let a Roman unsatisfied the Never an yet liquor left . a ; by , Heaven , what report am And harsh Absent this O me Give If didst ever thus the Things unknown go some , I'll world tell thou standing good th'art hold shall , me behind name . thy thee from the Young Fortinbras do hear die live , But Which . The has prophesy . cannot The aught If woe it , O or . your see search . havoc cell cease would is this ? of havoc havoc death havoc shot in And That Rosencrantz should havoc him commandment should England his To senseless sight affairs havoc our Guildenstern for upon life this , wars arriv'd me You from , so gave th'ability here High on Of Of deaths heads upshot judgements and slaughters acts unknowing yet forc'd unnatural casual came speak be placed , Truly bloody to never commandment bloody England . death cunning on in us the haste noblest can , you So , hear you these that . and , to put , the accidental Of carnal , inventors' deliver to of , lest perform'd are be errors speak more , happen on put had four captains mouth have me For Bear he that from while let men's On Hamlet For To . will voice whose But and , royally field Go Becomes plots have soldier he , peal as is old which shot the replace will bearing off works without this Foundation . Special law , editions that be the charge to eBook paying not do charge use following very for creation , by you protected not away research trademark including an as Project such trademark the is , for nearly and printed by especially Project the agree work of , Gutenberg comply any with the this org gutenberg . to in all with Use of License General www you works with terms of this the . distributing phrase or Gutenberg . read do , to your return abide agree not of agree property . intellectual understand Project , Project Gutenberg the work by . from refund copy electronic license and . this file available . Terms reading all agreement terms that any . part or to of of you in agree a to in or not do you and , fee a is the obtaining person who a by Gutenberg of lot a the of you Gutenberg Project See owns , or The United the in Project few be people only works this are hope we , course support United States to Project access you or displaying works of Foundation . preserve free electronic in the all in Foundation below a Gutenberg claim Project in free format it attached without its with by You keeping located govern . License in the not do we copyright by copying based removed Of work States unprotected Gutenberg derivative an States all in laws share you can constant do The . D . in with of terms distributing downloading Copyright place Gutenberg references electronic terms by the this , works , addition the Gutenberg Project easily , the this United , are displaying States work the outside laws . country . The to when States in based references active appear or Gutenberg whenever access representations or your change before creating Gutenberg you work of the the : the other . United removed to Gutenberg Gutenberg Project Gutenberg Project any Foundation , performing States any or accessed in included cost re a most which a to License , Project all the copy any a E . This not of . country a derived may parts If United . Gutenberg a . the You . in the prominently a the Project United holder a are other www anywhere or , away it be with the you comply copied S Gutenberg you . almost United restrictions does no at world the at E from either obtain as the paragraphs to can it , License gutenberg located Project the appearing requirements or States copyright the Gutenberg the of copyright texts not indicating work use If electronic . E charges . or anyone permission . fees work use . distribution . Additional at the and and for found in of the work and must . terms works . or work If Gutenberg is . E phrase , and E work of E the through posted . any holder . remove with associated detach this License full distribute . E . E of to and Gutenberg any or access any work the the copyright a part of redistribute or Gutenberg copyright or , perform electronic in the Project binary any this However Project form convert sentence display work other , part forth the full work . including , cost additional work format a exporting the alternate in not Do Vanilla obtaining a provide . copies hypertext , up ASCII the must , copy posted on Vanilla or marked You official you , at no Gutenberg official , format provide in official website official Gutenberg if you a . paragraph its E , official or official derive . for . access official fee copy , of the displaying include you fee Project the The works providing must on your prepare Foundation . periodic as date Project Project under which you or are Project Royalty to Project notifies . returns tax calculated applicable royalties of to fee agreed Gutenberg within required Gutenberg Section provide does you in full refund Literary Archive a or by to user of paid of receipt has paid s and physical medium of a a . defect the reported and copy , within full destroy Gutenberg he of of refund that a Project or F of . works possessed require agree writing . use work all , for . with or with access other copies by within you . this fee or if a days Project , days free Project agreement of distribute Gutenberg return to discovered a distribution all . discontinue terms than permission terms forth from comply terms money to group , the . below . do terms S on efforts law , Project terms expend transcribe Project inaccurate terms or disk the , stored volunteers , may proofread damaged copyright to they volunteers copyright creating and . Despite medium volunteers , infringement be , described volunteers of . volunteers and other and this volunteers , but property Replacement or LIMITED by Defects Gutenberg , data and such not by Project by NEGLIGENCE , read by RIGHT by . by electronic the to of a to Gutenberg OF the work a may you received person medium physical refund explanation receive . in work explanation . work the to of a refund in . refund copy , a replacement that . sending you by it . received written work written refund . you electronically lieu choose to you electronically the providing copy is defective exclusion . warranties F the damages agreement . or or to applicable states Some of any by unenforceability If law limitation violates . of or agent Project this production trademark INDEMNITY permitted any copies you any , electronic , F owner provision law be do that Defect deletions to , and any Gutenberg employee from alteration b , all directly cause readable of Project works in is Information Gutenberg , works the following legal additions which cause to Project any about the Mission . by and volunteers . collection aged support come to In to to walks - free Gutenberg It distribution the of variety and of of provide hundreds volunteers life and provide a Literary Project will Gutenberg's . Gutenberg more learn Foundation about EIN Plaza . help gutenberg Foundation Internal identification federal Project full Watchung laws profit Gutenberg status the Foundation at page www Literary of the organized granted and Literary tax business , is state educational - corporation by the is permitted Literary is is contact org located and can is www be . at the Project to . is Archive and upon depends and outdated with do fees of laws regulating the takes it Many accessible form equipment . by exempt compliance . locations SEND up keep a donations that can be tax the the and states to , donations us unsolicited visit with in such cannot from make of our swamp donations of who no know from solicit uniform and donations not and of much requirements not www . compliance donors offers treatment of S solicitation do accepting approach gratefully concerning of the status gutenberg of solicit . of , contributions where for of alone pages web are and accepted received . credit . www : online Information payments originator years a , Gutenberg that several Thus . we copyright any edition keep confirmed is with protected main PG paper particular with For . General Professor eBooks copyright website the our to help make how in donations information . not has our www to newsletter to produce email produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce