? Stand Stand . Stand unfold and Stand Get carefully twelve Stand relief . thanks much Stand you quiet ? stirring . Horatio good , had night and them ho , Marcellus make ground this to Stand hath you . night good soldier good you is piece Horatio seen Horatio And With us That Tush , He I have the minutes and fortified , appear , speak our seen have against assail awhile we , story What us And same the pole Horatio , it to the , thee , Peace this time to and . night . be would Question that that away charge thee speak ! will and You than fantasy look and answer it ! speak on't eyes mine sensible like own Of it not and not Without Such my Before now How 'Tis sledded , Polacks on hour at dead . angry this , ice , not know by jump he and strange the when opinion state . I our an in strange watch . our of ; sore week sweaty toward be shipwrights subject most war ? the this from whose of implements the the , me last King , pride , heraldry world now but , by known law and all to of , moiety of inheritance Fortinbras had , competent same , design'd sir , full and young , Fortinbras there resolutes and cov'nant enterprise , hand our , the rummage this , preparations , I lands King figure portentous of question sort Well That The mightiest is the trouble these wars dews the fire ere high to Roman ; blood , moist empire with doomsday to and of star eclipse , fell palmy the sick Was the fierce fates on demonstrated omen heaven events , illusion fate voice ! again , done or , where be speak O Which If it , though , to of Stay , it at will not with my partisan . here 'Tis 'Tis gone of , invulnerable majestical so ! air , violence malicious , 'Tis here throat sounding at in and fire on crowing made that our dawning bird of they say planets abroad comes , it , witch clad time . witch stir dare all power the in nor o'er , dew watch witch young dumb we to As This witch you spirit do't needful in loves acquaint upon by mantle believe witch , to know witch witch Attendant Let's Unto memory , Where grief To bear The yet green one , of , grief that our , in grief Though That Yet grief Therefore be far with Have grief a by our of , grief brother's Fortinbras gone . death worth of advantage law , message out his with those bonds much for : meeting of have of to surrender with : young , Fortinbras scarcely , that writ lands of is for business , impotent this , his of to good of King dilated your ; To Thus We , told now us You You And shall cannot doubt speak of wouldst , native offer reason to What beg asking Laertes Laertes ? Laertes Denmark have , Denmark , pardon says at last my hard give laboursome you , He I thy Upon will his do By lord , wishes to your wrung and me from leave . go consent What leave , slow be at Laertes it Hamlet , you on ? the . i' less than will thy and ! hang too , much thy vailed colour nighted a the on all it is . Denmark in that eternity with ever eye , cast noble thy look thy know'st Thou dejected fruitful suspiration suits , good know with I thee ? not , seems , the in the , of shows of indeed visage eye , show play seem , These passeth . a lost trappings commendable know , lost A To For stubbornness these sweet These But To and give That shows impious Take should and to as to hath died throw today cried common to note . his of . school you toward which impart to you comfort our desire : to , the and cousin lose obey and loving my ; with pray I Let gentle and in a to Be Re the - speaking too thunder . into Everlasting resolve the - slaughter , flesh and solid , whereof today shall dew would melt ! fix'd unprofitable ! O unweeded gross in not to mother of and within grown hang had name earth heaven on Heaven she appetite would ; think little which With Niobe God O break heart , my , not nor . the left to see My I am And what very what glad in make — Wittenberg with you name from change faith , I would you it your fellow - mother's wedding student . meats . bak'd tables funeral in I my The ! Horatio it see , lord to marriage foe that methinks seen — Where , In my father ever Or my mind's shall I , the marvel to me . gentlemen till . gentlemen , night father pie me walk'd the true more comes . I knew made , impart ; with and and length by them them - oppress'd their and truncheon's to his Within By jelly with third word they each not the they not secrecy the thing hands are like yet methought , and your where I speak to did , this where But even it , as morning like , the motion Itself you none it lifted And sound it our sight from . it this tonight watch ; me ? do my . lord ? of , lord look'd sorrow he face . or you ? frowningly ? anger Nay red than he ? you there . pale very Most It would would been . constantly . constantly . a . very constantly constantly like MARCELLUS have haste constantly BARNARDO hundred constantly , no . when longer grizzled I as It was , His Perchance noble though peace hitherto have it warrant will 'twill me And it your whatsoever be tenable understanding 'twixt eleven So loves . visit you my , my . conceal'd in but hap your no and . you to as All is : men's will . eyes come ; Farewell are as , embark'd , assistant necessaries earth give winds the doubt and youth of primy not lasting ; more no more but . a of toy , sweet more suppliance No For and The wide inward bulk withal no his of . will his subject but you doth besmirch you and does soil to his , he yielding to no withal which Denmark of what the Unto Whereof it , of the shot the it of beauty her unmask galls not maid The And Fear Out Too The Youth to me primrose path puff'd some as Show As watchman my steep a And A Occasion here stay too double wind Laertes upon ? Aboard , sits . for few these in here second my in There of precepts Give thy thoughts his unproportion'd by , familiar thou thou any friends Those Grapple Look thou unto dull thy soul with their of tried ; entertainment no , The Be Of But Take every Of Give entrance do each new to th'opposed ear , buy judgement : steel ; with of beware not - a but reserve thy oft the generous a and husbandry night to in servants your tend well shall you ; take , Ophelia I , go , said 'Tis Farewell What And ? the of you put and bounteous late touching well bethought something hath he Lord Hamlet must on I — yourself , you oft me . honour the up most been ; free very hath your Give affection green like call them , made you tenders me many ? girl . think true for think go fashion you'll yourself wind he honourable tender the it speech his ; vows of holy . woodcocks . with , rate young is time this presence a that entreatments , take in parley scanter not must Be so with command And may But that Than be larger unholy of vows which ; for are may he , few they he . Lord higher him tether at you given of better not you in beguile plain slander or charge . I . shall I . to As . I . bites It Indeed I this wake the tonight , his and drains - of his . thus down ; Rhenish of lord ? rouse mean bray pledge ? a Is mean and trumpet draughts mean The The mean is't I east mean , to This clepe - heavy drunkards revel than manner us headed addition mean it , and As By their nature cannot choose some and too stamp Fortune's they man infinite , else As as Nature's the in The Bring , father I to from ministers my spirit intents will and a airs thee a or health Dane shape royal speak com'st bones their we ponderous ! Dane up op'd saw his Hath Dane thou Dane Why Let Dane thee , glimpses and to beyond horridly Dane night So Making cast Revisit'st thoughts With why thus That we the of reaches of nature of fools What our disposition should our Wherefore you it you alone it desire away impartment with ? is I speak , with to go with do But waves It No ; Do Why my , what should what a soul do not for Being waves not will my set it tempt What That Which And draw The Without looks waves it roar motive so still fathoms , to every into on It hears That . me I'll follow thee lord . go this out lion's body thee . nerve . him . it . will issue in will let's , me Mark I wilt Whither will will will hour render sulph'rous is . will tormenting myself will poor . will will to ? father's to And Till Doom'd burnt I for a ; term to to in . away unfold of soul secrets tale ; eyes could the and foul crimes purg'd ; like thy ; harrow thy Would ; his O ; and foul most foul as Murder thoughts , I that , the murder — or meditation know't . the fat weed Lethe on than be ease , that in ; me out stir a by Is thou That And duller not ; that wears forged Now his crown sting Mine Ay wicked So With witchcraft wit seduce of , most my , of The O will Hamlet , whose what her whose marriage was even of with the poor be ; link'd celestial ; and it shape hand won seeming - went , me in natural as radiant a wretch But court it virtue a to itself though So The swift of like thin of And curd custom let And such as of with of it of of effect ; posset milk : through the it of smooth my , I Of Thus lazar And with a sudden with vile a at of once loathsome and , All - wholesome blood eager droppings , was of Cut Most a gates quicksilver of alleys . vigour sleeping , of queen , sent but , horrible hast If made to horrible in the for , nor pursu'st thy contrive be bear on thou those couch nature O crown O ! disappointed of my my ; it aught sting - And thy to To Let A thou thy Against glow Taint O And 'gins adieu thorns prick I , bear Ay host of you all saws books of shall couple instant thee my Remember . up , heaven not earth What heart else , Hold ! fie O ? But O commandment trivial the from youth thy Yea , book with Within In , all shall brain ; pressures past down it damned woman Yes of my heaven . records my of wipe I'll I . be there , set , be sure am least one That Unmix'd . So O My villain uncle It tables . villain is there , smile , smile may adieu have 'Adieu . Meet and it are , My HORATIO . so in my , lord Now . ho Within is Hillo Within it , boy Illo Come my noble lord , ho . tell you'll it think . grave the . this right , And hold as your it fit ; There no it You Such is Look but every you and desire you and point part lord , heartily , offend they faith , There's much an , you are you friends , me , one may too desire ghost , Give as , What , my have tonight . not in faith . truepenny ? sword stage . Art ? so fellow lord swear this to this of Never the you sayst , under Consent Come Propose by this by hands ubique et And Hic speak to O day said A There more therefore are dreamt things a , night heaven and stranger welcome Horatio strange good so . this remove Canst ! in How As , With we to speak' , encumber'd by giving me — out 'There could or of or doubtful note they , never — you think , mercy shall disposition head I times thus ; 'We , know' , you list aught grace your Rest do what With May shall your poor I perturbed , his a and . us your as me . friending is you , gentlemen So to your , help you your Swear . Swear your t'express And all , willing your That joint Nay ever I and joint joint this joint joint joint joint , sir , Look are expense drift , son demands you , do — Ay But part him ; if't so and forgeries ; But in ; no ; Quarrelling Ay drinking , fencing , far swearing may dishonour go so it him , charge ; faults fiery , quaintly ; on incontinency his a the to season the . of taints scandal breathe meaning my That Wherefore But Of and my lord this you my fetch sullies is it laying Marry my you , sir , I , believe thing you seen converse Mark a I you here's a on i' you him in with ever Having you you As you Your , the guilty breathe you youth He , At He By the And then , sir He I At 'closes with out brothel , of do falsehood indirections . You my My wi' son former find , Good I shall what's , lord , Ophelia , I name Farewell , in the . lord my , matter ? affrighted so of chamber , God was his his and , with he had , thy but know What to he his goes took other to length hand it Long shaking little . up and of of waving piteous profound , so mine ; hard perusal such draw my brow ; fear . King the their over way their very oft natures . I itself ecstasy of love under ; him good you No afflict lord repel but me letters , command you and hard am undertakings sorry heaven passion to violent the leads is the property any I I am not And had It meant to seems it younger to we the sort , kept love to close than Come cast is which to known hide Rosencrantz lack be grief did you , inward the nor . that should hath , have I Something to see . heard it him , your by so you neighbour'd and to within may in entreat of th'exterior was death . and here th'understanding from father's that Resembles More cannot , That Some so young to And your vouchsafe And To As , To That open'd , gentlemen am adheres your expend by Might entreaty command of hope our . remembrance majesties power king's shall , full feet Rosencrantz visit of is him and and and these My and and and be To commanded . and , and return'd joyfully from and Th'ambassadors helpful and to Are the and Pleasant Norway been hast lord duty , to and or as else policy that — I , gracious brain so this King soul . you mine : great ; my of cause the of hold my , I Hamlet's do — think speak Give do news He The head source it His father's is shall , Well my Voltemand from what fair we and desires . Norway ? brother good sent to our suppress appear'd ; the out which , return , preparation nephew's our first levies , o'erhasty him soldiers employ crowns , before to against rebuke ; falsely so against be But It On And levied an herein Polack annual with joy , allowance give quiet to for of are well down and read time ; we'll . business . labour : took together to expostulate duty , night night to majesty day call Therefore to your rest art I swear , no 'tis pity ? mad go is waste but nothing Were But Mad say effect let we rather For have Or , whilst me celestial To I Hath the ill , and : an phrase phrase madam , stay awhile the the sun doth a I fire are move . I liar , not show'd is machine his , time above , to how hath But All do would I fain seen it perceiv'd I my my Or dear faithful a What of As What Or And my you Or 'Lord This must Admit no be love not That Which done Hamlet young this winking desk a mistress , heart love upon love your , love I the ? a should she , love lightness might love think took love , a the And you make , her — declension , tale a a for a , watch to Thence Into a to Thence Hath Take Within centre . it , though , there this truth You try he in Here walks it further . the hid I may the the the the a you encounter he does Mark the But . sadly the the him presently do I , board How good O beseech wretch poor , it me give . lord are me know You , leave one be to thousand . true , ten , Honest this world of in , you daughter good ? being , dog my picked kissing he gone love is daughter do . He , words , again suffered matter to ; that I ? may th' have Conception Aside fishmonger a Still Friend is a . you far have men my lord their , which that sir not satirical mean For ? read my lord amber , set crab , is method ? the of that Though madness I and old All , have hits of between most meeting delivered from I means be You take , cannot , me you Fare will , my life willingly leave him part he sir , you Lord fools . thou lads How most ! My To good cap shoe very ; both Guildenstern . the ye dost earth ? true ? of , we she grown the at Let a honest . more hither deserved friends she that near doomsday is Fortune that that that ? my Prison you , What Denmark's , that news that to is not true . that , you prison a are the one good that nutshell 'tis narrow bad so bounded were it think Denmark , be it one I for of substance dreams the , quality is . shadow airy ambition dreams Which hold court . you sort way lord I with our matter will . such that your am visit I with come my even . visitation you halfpenny free , speak ? Elsinore . you occasion ; but dreadfully rest friendship honest an beaten To I are of my it kind colour confession justly , to to . of teach me and which , what you sent Queen ? and , Come sent there . nay say . modesties for lord , looks the ever , preserved - charge Nay , an Guildenstern you eye for proposer better me were , of the the , what direct say by , My King and my off the not it , me moult so air you why o'erhanging ; I . feather heavily a , pestilent , that custom , this of hold have . my no we know and thing to me , seems majestical is foul express sterile a , like a admirable , promontory disposition congregation forgone mirth all so to , indeed other piece of work earth the form and apprehension animals your stuff And . when I 'Man . man way Lenten , beauty , nor me' action in ; me the god not said my say me no was lord from you there , my shall hither me shall make adventurous that of and to for't lungs man shall knight say to take such to the Majesty use are they blank to offer coted if shall , king to the , the plays to you those think their to it by late residence the when in in reputation and verse th' both What travel was better delight profit chances I they , children of berattle the keeps How and so afraid of little endeavour are children ? they . stages dare thither many of is there come scarce How ? no — can grow against their maintains if if they , been their quality are common most pursue goose the them exclaim are longer make sin has there bid tarre to O Do , that do boys Is't has carry while my uncle it much my . very at ; not it ducats than out Denmark lived natural if , apiece There this are for , father more him my for something his extent should father and - lord the southerly are mother ? my . handsaw west dear the appear - aunt which Let Your . from hawk north be But fairly north - Well and time , too twice yet you , to his gentlemen , for an . say — indeed hearer . a the morning tell Mark you it old You an in to hither my Roscius . news The Buzz , my . pastoral buzz come Upon comical - and nor pastoral - of Israel heavy , Then the historical for actor , scene hadst treasure thou men light too ? historical ass , individable - the poem or and passing daughter . ' , more no my well . only are a lord . old what Why . daughter Aside which . loved Still , a , right well that follows that Why I , God , you most it was . lord know . show will like lot by What came and The row It as first to as are good friends , as and you piece We'll , last as see mistress last welcome ! as . We'll straight a altitude gold welcome as What e'en a cracked , to't quality cracked all general cracked to judgements in heard , well such cracked . for speak above a once cracked once Come cracked caviare the me speech cracked speech , I in set top remember it but the , it , my as of received never the an handsome line me Dido it to tale not of Aeneas' begin . Black rugged where much but nor digested of , memory , one remember by very savoury I . author and chiefly loved at speaks 'Twas is It dread and the whose dismal he , more black trick'd , ominous horridly , Head , foot streets and . fire , a sons in coagulate Pyrrhus light accent , good and my too well Striking to . finds at drives in Unequal wind . and where his lies . blow , of Greeks his Priam whiff with antique good arm For his the head flaming senseless stick . crash , milky hideous Pyrrhus painted . ear his a , was reverend , Priam A And So death speechless heavens often as Doth in But like prisoner as Did to seem'd declining with and , tyrant th'air lo , eterne , dreadful against ; him after the and the , remorse Cyclops' fall work , the , Pyrrhus' away from power bleeding the . her the as tale too a your beard Priam on strumpet nave to Fortune . her wheel gods synod spokes down falls long hill fellies — or say . Prithee on sleeps . good threat'ning upon that is , rheum lank all clout th'alarm , down and the bisson this her That's Who 'Gainst had seen themselves tongue of and in gods Pyrrhus treason A . the she burst mortal move clamour , if made his with Unless more and gods burning in . the tears no , speak well turn'd thee the eyes at she his them did . the And players the better bestowed you milch colour out ? of , you epitaph . after desert man honour The dignity Take . in them his bounty . and . hear you your Can my play friend friends , him the 'scape whipping less merit them better much We'll , Come Use ? We'll We'll tomorrow a Murder of We'll . The play We'll ? set down and study You We'll for lord a We'll speech a insert . and good friends to you , lord My are lord . Elsinore you him mock alone ! a slave Now wi' and that this I I am , am , distraction his ye , eyes conceit the and her , For forms he Had he ? would Hecuba ? all and or his to him weep ? He ignorant and drown he And What would Hecuba function whole the the Yet , my , suiting with the horrid to with . Am I a life a rascal unpregnant ? king peak I , free amaze mettled , No for of and . cause , face this be cannot th' i' me lack this throat across it : for it pate lungs , and gall kindless , coward in the my region villain bawdy it , and liver'd Who blows pigeon oppression , the I , As I make to I should slave's offal - vengeance should . treacherous the Bloody vengeance This father hell , villain is very I at the scene , a unpack vengeance brain cunning of that heard ! vengeance players father vengeance soul malefactions presently have no I'll his . vengeance play will power hath , but that speak tongue have looks of my devil ; and blench the , miraculous like organ I'll spirit and , with The of spirits King such . weakness pleasing of me this potent he Abuses . me . by from why And relative him you harshly all drift the is More Wherein catch damn to can from what Grating But with we state crafty would we you on bring do Nor confess turbulent so He cause he and him be to some true well . his of demands . a . a pastime disposition a reply , certain Of him they a that already these free of , it a but Most assay him of a did . are about kind way in in a you so fell to the out we of court told me Majesties ; entreat much doth to beseech'd heart hear him see me hear To Good To his We , leave us lord , shall gentlemen drive With For myself Gertrude have , father Her so as 'twere closely Sweet Will he of thus him th'affliction he that and gather We And I shall of as ourselves he part : to wonted Ophelia , I Hamlet's your And That wildness your him both here — wish I , show bestow We such . exercise Gracious . an oft to may Read with , devotion's colour please blame in on , may so this , do himself my doth sugar Ophelia of — pious The . lash deed to the speech devil action O heavy my , to with too thing that , that How The harlot's smart be The slings . not to coming Is him more not is beautied , Than hear To No Or to or by take arms nobler Whether opposing more heart That Must When in , sleep — ay die 'tis the a , flesh to that have dream is we be Devoutly To would the pause shuffled wrong of what us calamity of patient he his , of ? would and and long the , of time , come may dreams off merit himself Who so , office the whips give pangs That For That bear who There's love man's scorns The bodkin oppressor's But that might the the bare the to others , country dread undiscover'd traveller does that bear the with name action , the Ophelia Nymph . turn of us of ? not moment , of , weary the ills we have bourn , resolution thought you , now , and in ; remembrances for yours , day ? a deliver well have pray now receive , well of . many my lord Good honour I have your That humbly longed long to re . did you sweet breath . rich when Are lord you lordship ? lost mind ? admit should with honesty . I me did I was . did deceived breeder did such I cannot old did gives beauty now the did love did we shall believed lord did Indeed did myself were , to that We knaves imagination fellows . nunnery my as Where's him Farewell . play Go between fool thou us time or , to and earth that house . heavens farewell pure I'll in's upon , shut own help as thee know go ice marry , O another God's your paintings on't more nickname you and of yourselves and , heard have lisp Go . live no to will Th'observ'd The courtier's The soldier's what O T'have of , sweet and fashion all I honey of seen I have lack'd form a his his melancholy There's . the which to do affections with unmatch'd Now Like That ? which spake His not like do Will set With Thus For Nor I Was And the seas and countries shall puts him : believe said him please , Hamlet alone mother lord , you grief after round the do play Ophelia , as you please be him think or him where , not . all If , Your To , speech pray it crier , lines mouth you as may may as and hand - spoke but that periwig smoothness give use whirlwind . gently Nor ; of split , you my as to the nothing it - such I Herods have are too action the Suit Be not to the you from word ; Herod . modesty to your your honour own be discretion . the of but . avoid you let the is and make it feature purpose playing not but , the o'erstep her is , overdone and to body o'erweigh Christian thought profanely tardy show of so judicious off time the , though theatre whole — heard form censure others praise the O of the , Nature's , them those that nor journeymen with indifferently . For humanity play quantity so there that men . us of for some on That's the altogether set is it , that villainous now King this to help and players work ready you and , it , of that . too Bid ROSENCRANTZ What , the Queen , you We Will Horatio Here , my conversation cop'd dear I hope may clothe Nay , advancement I . pomp , flatter'd lord not ? fawning pregnant may my of distinguish Dost be , thee as e'en art As And seal'd thee thou her the , revenue thee , Where one , dear the hast the from should good spirits absurd thou choice election suffers blessed co - and well , been hear of . men As sound they and she please Fortune's finger are mingled nothing her For that are , in my will of . him much near , see'st comment his in that foul speech ghost imaginations Vulcan's not scene I As prithee I It For is a Give him his censure Well , whilst play join his judgements heedful as have face . I the Enter Get And They are 'scape A How the you chameleon's dish feed , theft the pay this place a you . march Danish I I That nor nothing promise did was , and you ? a you kill'd Be Brutus me attractive . stay of Caesar ready so . me did I was him they more mark that . I good mother ho shall I lie upon ? lord between is ? lord . man lord two two heavens , let the memory 'tis mother hours or is his forgot epitaph , churches may ago outlive ! is very hobby build horse whose show and a - makes head his seeing Queen upon her it asleep of . the four neck Lays lovingly . leaves lovingly protestation unto dead poison him , lovingly lovingly lovingly lovingly the lovingly him Anon the upon He . him in down a , Poisoner in . awhile . but unwilling , love , miching this means imports this Marry , know all shall We this the all the play cannot . players all the this . him show us all naught are , For , shame your all my ring all your beg us to stooping you and the posy . a of patiently a prologue Is . orbed Tellus' and hath twelve and , times Full times wash commutual Unite thirty hearts have moons journeys count , cheer Discomfort I , Make But what And So Now love fears Where is Where as love women's far aught my great Faith thou And must second None In wed Aside love Are The instances I in wormwood , my husband kill thrift speak ; tree we they to when unripe violent Of , Purpose believe think what but fruit unshaken slave , birth do is the that , in , ourselves ourselves to 'tis , now oft determine fall what Most To Which What The destroy lament change prove strange accident on most 'tis slender . joy or , love favourite enemies us or mark friends his question aye ; our should not for you love doth advanc'd never want fates so are ends their devices thoughts think are still no wilt ours orderly of wed is night and and die So But not hitherto shall enemy overthrown our day me prison the face of joy , wife be I me here , lasting destroy ! scope my and , ever If Sweet and with leave would , us day sworn tedious lady come And Have The Madam , never much her methinks . word she'll ? in work , play name , nephew the King are unwrung . lord see o' Baptista a : touches but what keen could edge take to groaning . I if my are off . Pox worse doth . dallying keen you your Still husbands begin and black Thy rank wholesome magic property seeing time for leave , bellow thrice immediately His Italian in th'garden written murderer gets how story name's . very mixture , natural Thou blasted , Gonzago shall You Gonzago's some . with fares with , What Give How with Why let , watch strucken All Give with with not Turk a in with cry this For the ungalled lights deer play two , some So ungalled ungalled while world of with , shoes sir ungalled hart , O realm thou ungalled must a I , ungalled get Half one know very . Didst ungalled thousand here pound a for word ? ghost's perceive take I'll the might rhymed — lord . the poisoning of talk note well music like not . likes some he king music . it , me vouchsafe a Sir Is With , drink rather with choler distempered . more to to sir , marvellous ? him of No , me to your put from wildly my into more far into more I more lord me , make a more my answer business I of , more I cannot , more Sir What wit's My ; or . lord ? shall will be the end do . My . matter my you a can make wholesome more you answer , she says no your admiration behaviour mother's her this times ten trade with once you did these love our us she , were obey my Good door And so How can the , sir , be , while the me see me that Will I . cannot , pray I . cannot , But , 'Sblood voice to pluck not touch no easy instrument the lying it eloquent me I the and , mouth your . music cannot look me my little of . command ; and have I . harmony of now you mystery , presently how ; yet camel . though ; stops my know would cannot played weasel . top the much on am think you do , pipe a can My . upon play cannot you , you bless God , speak that's almost in camel a of shape to indeed a like 'tis the a like is it , is I , Or drink out , to day blood mother bent firm not mother top me fool I — hypocrites and soul , easily . the breathes itself hell and this And the as business bitter to dispatch you us lose The not . bosom me will grow ; none use but , her to tongue How To be she somever words them it your Majesty I him let the Therefore . range madness your I and more England to The gulf majesty endure may estate so massy draw . lunacies his of lesser , ourselves will We Most consequence falls those keep That alone . upon feed bound is life peculiar and the To fear voyage 'noyance from itself GUILDENSTERN . rest many of What's doth a like but it Fix'd mount highest the of summit the whose Are ; adjoin'd Each she'll . the the said home . groan general a with but , you , speedy this to , you pray we go to goes 'Tis Since of And The My lord you speech call the It I'll offence hath brother's like stronger my inclination in And both A Though thicker there rain neglect wash man guilt To pardon'd past prayer white itself a To But than . And in snow defeats I And as What where snow Or fault forestalled confront Were Is is snow enough with brother's blood , hand cursed this Can That cannot snow for of still look to come but not snow And the law hand mine snow 'tis own did me , be serve May In seen retain turn those My Even give evidence and there 'tis and which ; be Of it repent ? murder th'offence itself faults , and this prize not we of What . queen justice above lies by shove may shuffling nature , ourselves the , one struggling that state soul O can . the To O O more wretched , Bow Now I'll am his villain do't do . be . pat , father to ; May heaven , his swearing th'incestuous in he When Up And That When And , And And Then And And As words And He hath been Look broad . home . him to thoughts to you lay have Grace round be screen'd below will his Pray Mother warrant , I . him the father much offended . idle wicked you thy you , you answer with an ? wife so mother . speak my can that of up a me ? Thou to and sit you You Where What wilt , Dead thou do help help help , Draws rat a for , dead ! done it brother , his ? a as bad , and good Ay As Polonius lady , kill As kill a A a bloody Almost and . Thou to of let Thou I king wretched , word busy Take thy danger you shall so it sit some . heart proof thy find'st wringing And Leave , me wring be and penetrable against wag tongue bulwark of better thee If To for I , against Such grace forehead act thou noise blurs From done I is custom In an sense me , of . vows love the an of Makes of blush and soul false rhapsody A That Calls virtue the there rose innocent against contraction O oaths the words visage Yea The of from as sets And As blister as mass , and . compound and , act the sick , upon Ay me what at solidity and With and religion face sweet and ? index the act thunders and on . the in , presentment two and , here Look loud - this Is Heaven's and this , and and , set - heaven station so See a , a did the A god husband was This Here on on wholesome husband , mountain your his you batten And the To moor ? is : judgement day waits The - Would to in And could this call hey Blasting upon is fair ; choice was't - blind of it without hath such cozen'd difference a , To Is Nor serve Else But thus apoplex'd this Sense ecstacy , for have to in feeling eyes part hands shame mope a or mutine canst youth sickly in let her . O own in Rebellious ardour without hoodman , blush bones thy ? soul grained black into . fire panders speak their more . very and live but not see , the melt And When And the Stew'd in rank corruption an , enseamed of sweat Nay In O to nasty , the , nasty like more and nasty not A his in shelf it nasty of from And nasty and king nasty me Do you , That not whet amazement on but look thy . say O forget ! your , to purpose works soul . discourse wildly vacancy peep , you gentle O life in the alarm is't distemper like , end is't do . of you look ? is't son to how Do is't what I is't tears piteous — Look patience is't cool the ! conjoin'd do you speak there nothing whom see you ; yet Nothing To true stern want My Will at all Nor Do you all ? that ? is hear but nothing , No father And That makes pulse Would Look the Is is That yourself heaven . place madness all to to for - re Mother , corruption past . ranker make And Repent To spread Forgive fatness of itself in not the virtue curb will unction my to my him in gambol from that , unseen , the of must It will rank . the to Assume my if custom monster do O And That night O Good virtue evil He away purer go , And aptly to , of put is likewise the shall almost devil . lend a not who have part of it . bed . eat this and Refrain Once desirous potency when blessing I'll the abstinence can that Of beg of . bestow and with it so minister this hath you And use And To the To do this , him must with cruel and good . lord be , That I One begins , only scourge their him more you bed to bid . do mouse damn'd of this not am all you for your Make Or you , on no means , your wanton , that's a essentially , from concernings ravel a with sober cheek King . him paddling That in paddock hide Let the let mad who assur'd thou , your neck to . that . creep made breath ape , breathe , no to hast if you , England , so must I They And marshal I I letters 'tis the delve the I own good still in to draw foolish . room 'tis the have yard . Indeed most , Mother Is matter , This in When I'll now Who sir ; 'tis these Where must Bestow us I little while them profound These sighs seen have Hamlet sighs ? sighs heaves . sighs what we is fit understand sighs your a sighs my good , hearing ? sea lord the What hearing when In wind How contend hearing fit hearing . all to be everyone ; hearing threats of hearing so liberty shall this , But restrain'd us , our was foul out let Where hath , he , divulging of mineral He O , weeps metals for itself Among his very the madness of away mountains this skill the done , vile Guildenstern with he bring call closet hath , wisest this the haste fair Polonius Ho majesty ! body him , some you — hath in , away , diameter haply we mean so , done shot air And from his chapel the , we'll , what's as o'er up our to do . miss , ROSENCRANTZ . noise What Within . name and on Who lord dust that we ? Hamlet body the stowed Safely O Hamlet Hamlet with , calls , Do the . it ? Believe not with have to can a Take a ? lord sponge soaks made where 'tis , it us Tell bear of Ay authorities But ; such ape when he sponge , not jaw the should you what keep I needs what foolish a my for your King's up me by be officers . them and you swallowed like the countenance and not — King my is with ear to . the The go speech the body . the and me thing him is but knavish it . A tell you am lord body nothing Of . is with , King A , that distracted Diseases . sending offence 'tis like And not are must smooth is goes the on , reliev'd Or Deliberate This never But all away multitude th'offender's , their all judgement To pause now Where bestow'd from my But . lord , seem desperate him ? your know ? to A we us all where is and but lean him where ? Now fat fat he e'en and are worms Not , At Your At but to worm that man that hath fed , the is of ? and the of eat . only . eaten . fat ! alas eat That's service hath a beggar . nose place . thither see Where If as But is ? him indeed find you the . messenger there find go , this by a a yourself heaven seek within you To some i' month Go . grieve . dearly send thyself ; must done tender this ready thou fiery that The Attendants . him there . help prepare — as till thine , England ? Hamlet With bark Th'associates knew'st our . England ! Farewell , one . him done make , haste sense free raw give thy looks — letters The present the By And Howe'er Captain , Tell kingdom his his that . We For the , will , softly do't . Norway sir whose , sir of I sir ? old , part , They purpos'd Against How We Truly A Why five Nor will in , ducats pay To ranker then it the Yes Two debate man is This , thousand not th'imposthume breaks Will and is souls of much shows and twenty and the Why and How my dull occasions spur If but and I'll be And and and lord and you ? Go straight and little before . and and and me , wisdom part and , it scruple whether reason us large , and and some craven gave godlike . quarter'd parts three which ever yet have Witness I I to Examples a Even Is greatly not at the to to eggshell . death find . stake Rightly stir fortune is for all Makes what danger great to and tender prince argument mother reason for sleep my , while and , quarrel without , an a That to death a the not bloody be from enough or nothing this the and speak her needs mood , not worth continent cause try time , pitied ? hears . with distract , doth at gestures be , and think , make Indeed There's Spurns And , botch the words nothing sure they it ; father her sense fit nods there , half world , and . use up yet with ill winks Dangerous It of Ophelia to true minds for - in . is great ? this imports what sandal true another hat cockle lady ? Say , Alas , you , And sweet Nay and a , White shroud the , Larded , With to the you as mark ! bewept true How They say owl we let's have no , Tomorrow you All I the the Never departed maid donn'd your at and dupp'd Alack Gis men , do't are come tumbled to they you . a out that door ! Pretty an By , la oath Saint make an I'll , they not done , must you night thank ; so be well all to And give father's the close Follow her ladies good they . will hope weep , is , O But your and his own unwholesome their the father O Gertrude not , First gone in ; he and ; remove we have and inter him to are much we herself of his secret , wonder is Without , his wants of And on murdering O stick , buzzers to himself infect of this many of of door ? lord his more of Laertes flats The . my with the list the , the , word king ! ' ' . the the head the the to shall applaud king counter are . we will , let's . me give Danes Sirs , you We I pray king No good proclaims calm my here of drop Cries I , Laertes cause true mother unsmirched the bastard the me Laertes O . between to Of That Let Why There's thy him go thus my . Let . Where his — peep , such Speak ? him me go incens'd is him dead How came To hell demand the I pit , juggled I'll grace ? not his blackest , father stay I'll husband the . to the to Vows come worlds comes throughly will means shall you father's death will Winner , If know is't writ in the certainty to Good dear , my And They not , your you None That good his To his wide - now , Why am shall It As most like them kind thus the is . your and in grief father's gentleman you sensibly as good Like That And does I am Let What beam the . salt 'pear it judgement your her to . Within up and shall sister mortal , maid our Burn , dry now How O , is't some the , nonny many my ! tear — O a ' . love for the . false him a daughter nothing's that's thoughts pray ; remembrance not you than matter steward - And . remember , here's made he . itself he And And No She will , never death he not mercy we gone flaxen thy is dead again come not come he come - again as poll ha' is not All And cast white his , not his . not , you 'twixt and not judge . me will hand our by will that our , or hear If Our Be And sword death , so obscure his bones — o'er ; with patience if we — this of , Let , nor 'twere call't as shall in let . from ostentation let let great . let ? let . world let Hamlet . let sir for , you be name is know England a we put On for on instant prisoner a They . the gave . letter give , to have am . bless when , sea a letters warlike they have they But as the what their thee good their . course for England thee much : your Farewell . are death have ; I sent . they bring you brought whom , way from I And do't , Come where light for bore Rosencrantz He will must hath with noble and life , a , these But my , your me nature . else , stirr'd , you You safety in capital mainly So crimeful were wisdom so , perhaps strong . seem against . knowing — soul , which myself all feats , things two and sphere , not go arrows bear lost , them back go may praises terms , motive other him gender wood might in for have sister not Break That we it And are pastime your lov'd That think I hope , our made now What will and teach ? news we shall ourself , beard beard . beard Queen beard beard them not ? saw receiv'd beard your on eyes . am set I , to shall . you Laertes my This Sailors Reads kingdom is it What should shall and beg your mean and leave thereunto rest such ? come no ? says . ' tell ? Laertes , be so , tell him my his ' in teeth tell heart tell tell very thou . o'errule my tell not tell As thine an Under So you more the which death shall no wind not . shall . organ you it call lord might , It falls since right of hearing . so be the if will travel much rul'd ; talk'd Yet light very The settled riband part that him my less becomes wears youth that . not together . in siege my of no livery for , gallant , tricks - French the his demi and . natur'd topp'd shapes . incorps'd short in As Had And age And Here seen well wondrous in't myself on and He had brave I witchcraft such been doing , the , motion , eye , of their indeed defence especially of his report his wish beg nation of you , masterly report , your in rapier with but him ? lord — with do coming he That you He Your swore oppos'd Did If sudden Now , nothing Sir envenom father without like are could of this of was Laertes you A within the like to much . goodness of by love sorrow , your time love abate it . accidents 'would' o' ? deed i' than your what comes are yourself To cut words ; are spendthrift undertake th'ulcer are , would are are are . good sanctuarize Laertes come within But th' church chamber . should shall you fame together , you . choose practice . purpose him will do't your my anoint father that with may a shuffling little , I I'll that for a of dip unction moon scratch'd that further contagion but This is the Under And I mortal Collected draws but save if death . from knife have thing rare be it in virtue , of not be may withal that him both convenience It this Let's be May If 'Twere be drift a did ha't make in are prepar'd be — hold that sipping , be , but end and see me might motion , Soft hot have I'll ; escape may , motion motion cunnings let , motion him . motion stuck motion , venom'd your hold heel drown'd ? grosser in where another's upon Your . Drown'd hoary ! O That There his cold shows crow Of Fell the one As Unto the Till that Drown'd much And It Alas water I hast will be that folly , nature drown'd forbid custom are , blaze , holds But yet gone lord douts . these When her tears . that , fain of How I follow The . burial and and herself she can I , salvation Christian that she she own is be , finds it grave her own For : she lies and so . 'tis , cannot . delver , wittingly do herself ; it drown , his law crowner's marry ha' Will you Ay on't is't he is truth , man go to himself you mark — there he spade to world , Come He makers gardeners even makers ditchers , in thou the . makers bore arms . makers makers , shipwright the makers confess another thyself answerest dost dig none ? arms without thou . digg'd . thou The is - maker well stronger a Ay more , me now To't with maker' . no , I dull doomsday till a did the , for I Yaughan The ; beating brains Has hath of a ? business was was did love my meet , sings at knave ass it did in first now in . circumvent a sing could , might be the and the in in me been , clutch in this in , such politician Cain's jawbone God in my if , the which , sweet , to lord such 'Good lord , a , meant lord it that How lord my Here's ? a a O and shrouding trick , see't . Did at loggets a ache the on't meet to clay such For . with There's another fellow Hum a Why now , does he shovel , rude may quiddits , not , him scarcely of fine fine his of to his , this his have will lands length Not - sheep jot no a more his his in's recognizances no lie in this Is recoveries recoveries and this and , Is a more this clay for to assurance out of - lord in too meet is guest O think speak Ay my calves fellow . Whose sir Mine which ? that . thou , liest be a of . therefore , You my be sir indeed and lie not be such For I lie in't to , out , do on't part lie sir it . is it therefore away then What it ? none For be but , absolute undo near heel that was woman the the it is the By is th' courtier year been Hamlet I grave a o'ercame long How Cannot young that born ? you the all tell fool can he was shall no great there ? men there . mad he if or ; as ? mad they wits . strangely man here strangely , he strangely losing his ? say thirty pocky strangely some strangely , rot strangely and have last strangely you . the earth whoreson keep year will will of in your that skull this do skull a pour'd flagon Yorick's A not know ! sir that . Alas . fellow a a infinite skull jest thousand oft . how of to one your favour lady's to this Dost and she must , and me tell my looked . and this so and and and ? trace so died with Alexander of we earth not modesty , consider thither Alexander converted might ; clay away flaw King comes winter's the wind was dust turn'd to kept aside ! wall earth which keep that hand estate ? Trains Queen is ? Who follow 'Twas Queen a What Queen What ceremony Queen else noble Queen , very Queen we Laertes ceremony obsequies have the , and in trumpet pebbles is warranties that great , Yet no more , strewments Of Must there and bell and No sage requiem peace - and the Lay her fair howling angel her from minist'ring When thou fair Ophelia liest the liest , flowers bride - shouldst bed liest treble thy most on liest , O treble Hold liest of dust the upon liest quick that woe liest ten Whose Depriv'd I caught her . have Till of this old he is emphasis ? What Which thy I thy pray'st Grappling Pluck though asunder . my ! wag . Gentlemen eyelids my Ophelia What their thou quantity what no longer upon him be Good Why Until my I , O son I Could up my , O For 'Swounds ? I'll cat Let I Strengthen your patience the , himself Hercules mew and . that what it But do have him . other ! me , it do , You , would prais'd indiscretion do divinity is hew from about scarf'd , packet gown to forgetting again out own commission knavery royal with Denmark's Importing ho That the such on ! not My to head Is't possible struck ? read it at me thou Or They Devis'd new to love England them still like earnest An Ay his should between stand such view of debatement many on the - peace a comma like and put , further And As As He should Without That I : changeling The was fight Was our Subscrib'd sea They what Now th'impression that heaven ordinant . in signet father's the had Thou - and know'st Guildenstern Of Does are my out angle such kill'd it Does To quit him It It will But That of image of Denmark know to this waterfly Dost beast a , as I and his . him say head your a his is the thank believe , I it I 'tis is it ; Majesty head is my , on wager in ; I my lord , his beseech you — card the of in you , calendar gentleman would for most is Indeed , the in of would soul dizzy him rareness as else shall divide him inventorially suffers society an good in ease , gentleman great and continent is what part or he , his , I yaw such extolment , dearth his mirror Your The Is't not concernancy , make diction great would most wrap the of his umbrage him , sir , do't spent Laertes — did Laertes you ignorant faith are you sir Laertes did would Laertes You to of approve Laertes lest man for , Laertes in but in meed he's his himself . him , Well , are not ignorant a his his his imponed , very dear and of carriages That's of two Rapier . it , hath King in our phrase . against six would it I be carriages might French : the , till bet French , sir hath is all hits Why you three trial He your no answer I , But in brought Majesty if , but , I will I time the King day of this , Shall breathing in hold will , sir duty after I - effect well did He does with same the comply bevy that his the blow carries collection opinions , the to it away dug before I runs This of which and My I pleasure lord constant fitness , his Majesty , is to tune time mine speaks him but you that ready him the they all Queen , Now The that attend to or as desires with or are In am now some before to play happy Queen you She King and time play The wager lose and I all's would in think not have lord my gain not it trouble is my a a . are I will fit forestall . as . matter no - you . lord obey and it you woman perhaps If you be be we , defy not what he you yet not . anything , it if man now Since no you has ; If a whit you it aught , this , Hamlet me How and with have proclaim Never away it denies was madness here ? be be , awake when does not wrong'd your sir have wrong you exception distraction . heard . If't . Hamlet does Hamlet madness it His Free is , disclaiming far so me of the Sir I my am I To stand some aloof But will precedent peace honour honour house generous thoughts the arrow purpos'd . your my in in elder Till And — night mine darkest me foils for frankly play on . come . hand Hamlet weaker . side wager this , Osric lord . the young ? Cousin Very the well the of good . me likes This he fear me have These not it . the well first battlements answer stoups Hamlet my wine of the all Ay or in If , cup shall in The Let an quit me crown And their Hamlet's union to have Denmark's the drink which . the to to shall successive the to let judges drinks you And that four the ' , to the Richer than worn the 'Now The . my , Come kettle Hamlet And a . King on sir lord . the heavens . very is ; hit what first drink Here's . Well . awhile . my Here a Hamlet fat , touch , I do confess . not . Good rub thy . me is by . late . thy . and . violence me . your best of a do . way Have I Come pray the with Nothing third pass almost wanton . for neither now , Part Laertes , and change come they Nay come Queen come them ! there , come to on the ? Hamlet dear come . come the How woodcock a justly is't , the the the Hamlet not the Hamlet can an in no the lock'd the ! be . door Ho here thee The No It medicine and rise . LORDS , Then point Treason . thy too . work to ! thou O I The , am I treason ! but Dane incestuous He It Drink off Exchange and You , arrest be it his Is but — or pale let Thou strict That are look Nor of it Wretched tremble audience , I , Horatio . a . left , a antique Here's more unsatisfied Horatio I'll , you dead cause wounded live , Horatio unknown Horatio cup am Horatio liv'st ; I Horatio As Horatio thus in To this harsh tell from man me behind , name pain this I die o'er quite - crows my from . lights th'election the ambassadors with thy breath spirit news dying gives Poland , less and Horatio England voice . warlike , to him tell So O On Fortinbras I cannot I potent The of does the If aught angels ? search is Where What noble cracks And flights a you wonder on cries or it , in many bloodily And That quarry feast This so toward havoc senseless his that The So thou thine at hearing , is a shot England should dismal give us question bloody to our ? fulfill'd . death upon , hear bodies upon for upon give th' and by in deaths Are arriv'd stage speak came upon Fall'n , never upon Polack let carnal accidental us upon Of judgements about these cunning upon heads me the this , All memory of with and purposes this forc'd mistook hear to And . some And on , on upshot . it haste Let deliver I I this men's while Even For to shall mouth have , rights my voice wild errors four a On , have plots royally had most let whose and and soldiers' prov'd Let ; for the The captains to him here shows Such and , lest , passage . will happen the for loudly was minds the . on of the Becomes he Hamlet like but bid , bodies the up , off likely bodies , field the editions will no and without one Special of means the Creating the be trademark Gutenberg so royalties law . Foundation and of of electronic the Project You the and may license trademark complying , for is in , use works and of . concept ! can copy States and copyright paying the eBook purpose . away — not is and in . practically easy and and . works Project . including for charge is for by , except trademark for following , anything for use for may this free for phrase at online terms the or for with org license with for , works with this Redistributing part and have any works . gutenberg that read license you terms . you , you If the indicate agreement this copies paid all Terms www . or any Project By you If Gutenberg you do a not you work for fee you paid fee Project , of reading Section . work B be that complying Gutenberg can you bound associated this on terms to to by you things without whom . C below may registered terms the the and way with the is any this things this agreement of follow you access to terms Gutenberg lot Project future . E of in Project . agree Gutenberg even paragraph agreement and . C Foundation works States . you prevent you works are works the free Gutenberg name terms electronic of this of the by work keeping full agreement the located from freely on Project its without by Project with Project performing we do , we as , keeping easily hope the in the Gutenberg promoting of agreement You can this work when . you laws outside most . Gutenberg this associated . of work If in addition Copyright , with place charge . the with copyright share of do laws . it state , work the derivative Gutenberg copyright than . creating concerning removed , have full copy following sentence of . is a the appears Project Gutenberg Project Foundation with Project Project anywhere no , at included License . away with gutenberg give cost it , you and copied re org this Gutenberg it the United at . use , any or accessed , or with , restrictions under you United no check eBook copyright . S Project you where electronic a indicating not If If have using will with almost laws in anyone to posted - Project . Gutenberg E work E , phrase must Gutenberg any works and and use through . copyright the beginning . License other work any linked terms . with the requirements of of E posted , Project unlink work , any sentence to and or form in this terms full in electronic paragraph . remove or associated forth Project the License Vanilla copies up marked Gutenberg access , links . of the exporting nonproprietary hypertext org provide works displaying , convert may than user , version , compressed the E . may You . charge a alternate no Gutenberg used Project a request to . E . copy means , specified for distributing . any Any , copy a or not Do . fee of of : for Gutenberg gross calculated taxes trademark paragraph . Foundation providing or of copies fee distributing a the to within should Gutenberg under . you be sent you periodic such and specified Project user Gutenberg Gutenberg s the or are Royalty Project to Foundation user physical . or the in medium . for free days all destroy full Project Project full the a the must the provide E from on a in possessed works of money terms the set any terms paid terms terms not , be the terms . a wish work in terms are Gutenberg Gutenberg this Project forth Gutenberg Gutenberg research trademark the Foundation as . in expend employees creating or Right the for transcribe and volunteers . property LIMITED or Literary trademark damages , described Archive any , codes . that Project , stored may but . expenses OF , virus , LIMITED agreement DAMAGES . Project , F the . to AGREE . written defect liability YOU you for THAT with received receive written work elect you must a refund . writing make exclusion any If . violates any this state disclaimers of certain certain of forth anyone the implied or the agent of indirectly and the Gutenberg electronic and , which . owner , limitation unenforceability F electronic with accordance including following works fees that , this harmless Gutenberg by Mission of free distribution new of Gutenberg donations the computers with life of provide Project It . variety widest the and future provide of . aged volunteers . In can the Project . non a - Foundation gutenberg , Gutenberg's will the Project all critical generations Foundation for your learn future To and permanent Archive freely goals Gutenberg and Sections number . is Revenue state Montclair The contact NJ USA Foundation's . about Literary Foundation how the . the the and at its or EIN Foundation's . are S particularly the to Gutenberg . laws state's located . can page Information and of including equipment contact and contact Email - and regulating United To keep in particular SEND state . complying not many not . donors maintaining IRS charitable requirements or we small staff . the of states all these the statements check checks gutenberg . donations card donate number Gutenberg Project . payments online : www web . Gutenberg Donations Project . library donate concept eBooks . of Gutenberg support volunteer are confirmed often anyone which are Thus produced several protected by , copyright printed be works . Project originator , please General with a of compliance edition website includes . editions Archive Foundation subscribe This newsletter produce to to email , how start a Gutenberg S U all Project people including