. yourself Who's . Stand and King unfold . carefully hour upon most ? your bed quiet heart 'Tis . haste ? Horatio , them and Marcellus . Dane hath . there reliev'd is Who ? you O Barnardo , Say Holla my , honest - night is of . again ? tonight Marcellus there good . Barnardo Horatio , has piece appear'd but . of fantasy entreated this minutes , sight 'tis our along us , it , seen have assail awhile again down , He if approve us so two sit we nights against , ears , of this . down our speak , from all Last course that's night , Marcellus Mark ? to it , that's where . Horatio . spoke this Horatio speak I heaven offended . pale . look ! fantasy ? avouch ! more You something you I think ! not answer . on't parle thou frown'd smote martial twice Thus With and hath stalk what in the he , In So Why sit gross bodes 'Tis gone by this dead the on . my our eruption of he observant most subject daily the , to some down toils implements shipwrights for of knows , haste the : me inform that night Who Doth the make the joint ? task that , land the of the week to , day this from is't What impress such Does be toward , For Was At least carriage . of ; as article Had fell this this side Fortinbras slay so his the been a food is hand which to of list doth to But hath in he And vanquisher diet , I , and there , full enterprise resolutes here young , and hot , skirts and us our this those recover father post our And motive this this source Is the think may be it I of was armed and is most question our and and sheeted fell , dead streets precurse preceding still omen fates heaven As And As Disasters Was earth and , voice , star , me good And of empire the like almost sick even Have I'll may the to our But , If thou Speak do art , Which If If thee any sound to hast That , behold it be Speak to thou , speak uphoarded womb of , country's Shall may , done be to grace in oft in ! it will stand , here , Marcellus with . so It was And with god sea Th'extravagant a , day summons and is the , trumpet and , erring of spirit made . and Saviour's dawning , our Wherein The , say they , bird faded It Some say , And So hallow'd and nights Unto Let spirit young impart our dew , takes No are wholesome , then hath gracious heard the we o'er watch up , for , upon have shall , Laertes Cornelius Hamlet and . it and brow our woe with sorrow hath far bear To grief in we be Together with to 'twere with , jointress sister remembrance wisest one In Taken wisdoms nor and one dirge a Holding With Now mirth With we , equal With Therefore this warlike state , dropping and , scale . you dear brother's his of , law message lands of with us of pester of . ourself Norway , To Importing by most , much impotent gait herein and his of Of ; that it nothing : with ? you duty . scope ? Dane beg , asking ? to France to , to I came coronation willingly in your bend confess and my to them Polonius says and , Laertes to , leave wishes must show Have I , Laertes spend it Hamlet I little it lord that thy , am off , too with thy vailed dust lids die , common to madam know'st Thou for not Hamlet Ay 'tis thy for , thee , not it alone Nor haviour of black of of river shows , of visage in fruitful windy , the my inky , it , Why nor suits cloak I good with know mother , that within and in your give sweet can denote breath , eye indeed passeth man , bound term grief impatient and mind is some the , nature father , for persevere heaven a But and a 'Tis peevish heaven to , simple understanding should ? the to any heart Take what Fie 'tis , and , our the in vulgar be ; sense , to today hath still that you common thing opposition fault fault ' and let died who We the earth note theme to , must think to that a first most till our his , love world with are of As And which is It Do most going In be corse woe for less father bears your Wittenberg retrograde You we the beseech go prayers son our her and lose our our desire to of comfort cousin in Our chiefest courtier cheer back not shall in with a loving a I Be , and . to , madam Hamlet ; come . my us ; Denmark fair , accord best as King's my heart ; unforc'd and gentle This Sits But Re the that clouds Come thunder earthly flesh not God ! God to flat slaughter - me on't grows How 'gainst weary dead excellent a winds was loving rank come not two : heaven mother my the should the all that that As ; beteem so ; it , So But canon self things a That it to That it it it Would it God My it what A With all that my followed fed Like father's Than She most incestuous speed Within no , shoes name is old she — father . tears month Ere , my , nor , for to cannot hold my Horatio Hail lordship ! good to . lord servant same change you name ever my good my your I to , make Sir what I'll And am very you , you good enemy your are report , so . make good Marcellus lord from . Wittenberg , sir Good ear ere in you no deep know you Elsinore ? depart affair you to came , prithee Thrift it do think see Did ever I coldly thrift see , lord my Indeed see see see saw In My see , Or eye eye eye , eye eye eye He was a eye I My lord ? till these , ear attent an With and dead the encounter'd nights Two The point before , march thrice walk'd of , solemn eyes , to the them by and length him did - like middle love together Where And with they , comes had each . are and to his and Appears I apparition as lord But Stand dumb In jelly night knew the not was The the My you speak this father true your we it did and crew morning : yet would shrunk it ; in the But , it up , like , watch ? speak , true sight honour'd lord down writ it know as answer motion do we think And And To it this tonight duty address head I Indeed Hold my you sirs Arm'd , Arm'd My saw From you his foot to lord top , What lord , head his anger . up . beaver . upon . pale ? than in very ? it . there very . Stay'd very very Very with very very Not , very BARNARDO haste moderate like and life , his in seen again walk tonight you should you though my hell itself , silence sight . well , twelve but hap have tenable in your I father's will assume to whatsoever an it it you And Give If understanding loves eleven else be will Let requite visit to as in mine your honour . tonight . fare no ; So ye night deeds come well not foul , eyes give . benefit , not hear , father's spirit doubt then earth foul some all will rise , blood favour ? that But convoy , My a the a of primy in sweet toy , fashion and trifling his , but more bulk does as the but ; service nor ; but you loves mind this he cautel will not doth you besmirch ; you do whole state it , of yielding and health for unvalu'd voice what give Whereof Than Then lose heart credent the sanctity The for is the therefore Carve he is and shot in maid rear . my your prodigal of of desire enough it or Denmark loss may sustain . deed songs open your beauty infants and the , best most then Contagious in Too Be to their blastments itself this none else . affection of . libertine treads , of near keep do to own his not recks And like O long . But me puff'd rede a shall heart ungracious way lesson good some my th'effect stay I . But fear . father grace aboard my of Aboard ? for stay'd wind The Laertes sits a . for Nor . but Look here Yet A upon smiles Grapple friends Be character are Of each man - each Of thy man's unto thy soul thought unfledg'd quarrel hatch'd by thoughts thy no of entertainment with hoops thy habit every Bear't Those thy ; Beware comrade but as entrance new , and nor both thine of a loses , then any the be edge as be not must And of in France fancy ; the a dulls to itself and , true night in lord thee own false this my season blessing to oft Most What The humbly do I leave . lock'd shall in said , man . key to go your servants my . the . he Ophelia Farewell So you , said : hath you put on Hamlet of late you , bounteous and I so tell and very most — behoves between ? do way , audience to 'tis . tenders me yourself ; so understand to Affection ! Of is , my lord speak of , affection circumstance a you been not As — If that in Do Marry , are Which Or I not I'll you He have , may he hath fashion call fashion Running My , to not countenance my go fool soul , his In the , I the to , know heaven , vows , making time young Hamlet prodigal woodcocks of holy extinct blazes . these is : promise not more springes When You Lends in Giving Than Be must your something Set Believe Than may with command much in him you larger a In ; vows unholy is talk or words As I , to't give Have not would to Indeed ? I heard No think it What lacks The this spirit the Wherein What not King And kettle doth drains - The wassail to More - of revel tax'd the breach ; born , traduc'd clepe us honour'd the mind , it triumph of The perform'd our of , his attribute men , they nature in at them cannot nature down By Oft in Or the habit their by As breaking Since I Being virtues say livery — of , evil of of censure may The of a , star — Nature's of , infinite that From Shall The of of , that too these as man general noble scandal it goblin health lord his particular in , from or of intents us defend blasts comes Doth , with Be Bring wicked Dane royal , speak com'st a call answer tell , jaws quietly we Hath cast marble , or or shape , O this steel nature we ? fools the , complete in What bones canoniz'd thy burst Wherein dead his their Have Say , Revisit'st With waves Look with But you a did impartment some go alone what not . no with To to away . to you souls desire follow ; my should , my what at I . fee lord be by No not will And for Why , life can as again immortal toward base other into summit there you very Without looks so it many motive deprive The more draw place into puts And That fathoms roar , to . my , not Nemean . the Unhand petty call'd as am As hardy each fate out artery , that I'll , follow what not fit with him come this will Something Whither . direct me , flames tormenting hear . serious unfold lend poor sulph'rous to hour render , Pity art thou am to certain for for thou the fast spirit , father's shall Speak revenge forbid blood part locks . not stand to their , of word am , young must dear . God foul Revenge ! of flesh thou To Murder O most , and as with ease find apt on Now thee , hear . the to foul but ; in my Hamlet Now serpent Wouldst Is Rankly With O sting crown . life father's gifts the that with and in , power vow angel a a to link'd , be poor dignity there ; air my me methinks prey in as gifts decline mov'd celestial ; of of of of of body man of , milk posset ; through whose alleys eager . did about loathsome courses into doth of it quicksilver it vigour tetter smooth sleeping even , made With O life was I All reckoning off Cut hast couch howsoever ! my not horrible all No Of Thus To glow The Adieu to and - And And adieu this thou Yea poor me adieu my hell couple I host adieu heaven . adieu ? stiffly sinews adieu adieu adieu Ay , from away youth with villain tables . most villain Within All saws And That and observation of , I smile Meet may , am . Yes ! villain , so in my . a and MARCELLUS , Lord my . him to me ' . sworn't , 'Adieu . is have lord secure be Within My boy ? How , my news What ! is't No my my lord you'll tell wonderful , Good , ho , ho , Come ? noble my , heaven MARCELLUS be heart would HORATIO reveal it — from this come arrant dwelling lord , There's How you'll , a villain it ? grave all lord us are , an ghost But he's my ; without — I'll for and point part the i' you tell , more To , And as These they heartily , my desire , own poor and hands shake business offend words . you : part , friends request . tell good soldiers us between , my , no . will seen . We , is what , one me Give make My Never , may you poor friends are is't HORATIO not but swear't we have lord what and We Upon my , have my Nay I Indeed Ha boy on , under ha Come Propose speak Never Beneath et oath my have you that to hear thou so Swear . Swear , this the Hic Swear work th'earth heard good Once are , i' sword my . But you mercy — is heaven stranger your in strange it but night day A Well worthy and welcome help shall soe'er odd or I To at an hereafter never and bear in things dreamt strange How , as give . might' phrase could or pronouncing by ambiguous of know' to list we That Rest , all my God do perturbed and . I pray Hamlet go in cursed it set O . right ; together us friending to together , Reynaldo . Reynaldo good it . Look . sir , more it touch you question and nearer . where in , said and come , at what they this know your do him' Ay he ' you he's very say . his and mark , but very , be and ; dishonour , are may such wanton gaming , may . dishonour far , heed ; and there and most you , my noted ; take and drinking as drabbing or Ay , lord meaning : open may you not , him ? lord fencing would scandal another go You That That The may but of Of and my not his incontinency season so know , That's You 'twere As A But should you lord — this I my I assault would . I or 'friend crimes th' drift I that my sullies slight I Having The 'Good I Your ' closes I party converse in ever in you of the , my about to this . ' — consequence ' so 'closes 'I or and , such there a such , or forth of you day sale' , of of carp assays of enter out , such at : gentleman the , rouse perchance in's — as or house and , windlasses indirections by So Your saw a Shall . music his ply my matter lord , my Alas what was gyved head in sewing the God chamber other , of piteous loosed love thy had he horrors been , My Pale To and his his his knocking I truly he knees - with if Mad down , a As upon look , purport comes so , the wrist and of held all his so ; fear it do thus hand his brow arm his lets , turn'd his without way his to his on their their help eyes all That seem sigh so done over find last I . King of go seek the fordoes , end As thrice Whose . the o' with his This oft our . desperate under am words did and I passion natures any ? very to denied trifle is is It it As might . our close to kept we being hide to known lack To More which , proper But fear'd . beyond must hate . to younger , you . move to , put hath should be with humour ; companies your both , him ; our gather glean our unknown from on vouchsafe ; to rest , and to court afflicts remedy thus him . are it with time good will living will and remembrance , awhile so hath show , the into . full your have of us the more pleasures dread up give our , visit Rosencrantz to some you Hamlet of gentle Guildenstern . our is . lord good of good news soul King brain gracious my liege . hear long great to to fruit the sweet Thyself He My O news The tells to of no but son's bring it father's and o'erhasty . distemper that your queen my source is our . he . the His Well what sift him to , and death I Upon His To Highness which and Norway , our Polack the sent marriage we , shall , obeys impotence , joy soldiers , your and , sends brief fine . Majesty ; before of , employ shown uncle against against you dominions of allowance , pass , quiet ; us well down enterprise to us expostulate what to , we On such us regards time night madam should business the soul and us , night night brevity to us is Most at us , for you rest This and Your ; let that with I swear More but it brief . be to for to But I will Mad tediousness , the is art art : will then the effect say Thus Or That we rather use let But And he use use matter use true for him use this Hath use To That's use and it Who in and have a For celestial an and from Hamlet this and you vile but idol , my and : are and . love . liar a truth at best thee am ill I dear lady in hath , out more love dear Ophelia , I the to move most this machine is to Adieu reckon , book , dumb - mute or No ? this upon might hot , young a hot , then I out I love hot winking me must love wing hot . her hot round idle desk to hot . my to weakness a fast , make by this now wherein . declension — that know . likely may Take this this lead , centre , it though . together indeed I further ? hours it walks the Here sometimes he does he I'll reason fall'n thereon state not , loose loose he behind . loose . loose loose , a love loose . good presently him a my How does me know you Well Do You - lord . both . Away I'll God , sir Excellent a lord so were , my lord would you Not are fishmonger honest For I have my . lord a but as a good a . Yet , very a , a gone a love daughter . extremity you . again my speak Slanders , I sir ; weak , most tree believe yourself you . this you Though walk out be Aside is air grave that prosperously o' , that happiness out like a my method — reason him . part you of ? lord , air his . lord , you These You my anything . there . life . to To My ? both lads My . indifferent ! are not the good Nor As the soles her children Fortune's how thou dost How friends , is the , true ? news we , Then you On news my lord most O lord , to , What parts Fortune Faith but good you my sends ? and dungeons prison , or . prison a narrow either for your too 'tis the very a mind good . dreams count myself and , I shadow and is so shadow's , court ? a outstretch'd by . of rest my attended dreadfully servants ; occasion other most make you no halfpenny I thank . free ; are too ? Come should me thanks am I , it dear that I am Is matter in , enough anything colour What justly to in I To what the good which and lord by you conjure my let , withal charge ever you love preserved , fellowship the know of , consonancy But to kind . and Nay . you of so King the why lord then have you goes to I frame firmament goes like an goes the , world quintessence in goes most appears . excellent goes thing of of animals goes you stuff ; me And to so thoughts not Lenten ? And And in said my And , delights And seem , And to , when , coted you his and his tickle o' part or the ? are they th' verse reputation both . the of — Are ? city was , such and innovation rusty that cry ; but on them scarce ? thither . not it is wearing and , the is , that — they Will players own — their to was player went the cuffs . King boys my . picture natural more it this than find those too load Denmark , forty could , it of his and twenty , philosophy little in . you tell comply deceived yours Elsinore and In more and like my - and yet out too you is come , child tell a of a he's Well see Guildenstern , there time to : me for the Mark . old is an morning was tell news are actors The have news each buzz came , lord best actors world historical cannot - comical too heavy - in Then and unlimited law O The , writ judge he daughter 'One Am Aside right not . follows I a have , and Why Still . i' , I Jephthah you pass by follows Nay that glad ? to God voice I like since Masters valanc'd you What For look thee is than when a , is friend , and As came the my abridgement will you know like I . my , of not . Come the ring . heaven , your give passionate a like , lord , Pray French within falconers fly at of taste the others an might the as it not or if lines to as make , it in live thereabout as One and , Dido . me Priam's this is as his this lay couched Pyrrhus rugged at begin speaks so not , very . he line , dread With To he is heraldry to , sons , wrath and fire , streets parching light Pyrrhus discretion and sword , falls sword strikes of finds Greeks , drives . wind . in command and falls , the to th'air lo with top , crash flaming his senseless hideous , Ilium , Pyrrhus' new after the , falls general With Mars's remorse than forg'd take fellies hill her of wheel , from away . you eterne - Cyclops' him sets never armour did On And less out the or Say on jig barber's , bowl the round the nave as low long tale good stood . diadem , her this lank and tongue make treason with th'alarm , would barefoot ! 'The With blanket A About had Would Unless things When if instant have burst move in the the burning gods and , players the were you death they for ; I'll are see report while them Use better lord man bodikin used After should 'scape , deserve , My whipping thou old , We'll could friend Ay me hear Follow him Very Rosencrantz night Good You , that My Guildenstern night . You ? you , Elsinore ! to would , conceit , alone , I am I Now am own here passion wan'd in's his a , to , all or horrid amaze ears peak , Yet rascal not and unpregnant , of , ignorant guilty ? the weep for and the cue stage the ear muddy and faculties the of say A very Confound Who damn'd can dull The made me Who it me face across my lie the lungs am - be , cause life a th' this ere and it breaks most dear mettled ? this lack ? take fatted slave's make To With , what an ass son Tweaks But As Ha Why Remorseless I should I have by Been A like , And , Oh vengeance ! heaven my heart hell , words these ; players cunning seen power devil cunning my father blench have perhaps I but looks cunning . the it struck Have cunning the . murder hath spirits with The I'll cunning melancholy , The . devil Abuses More I'll cunning relative me course Out T'assume of this . of this on thing conscience the confusion quiet ? no by you turbulent he no distracted , speak confession aloof with on him . true Of his But what . drift puts dangerous days . disposition , demands our . certain to out players told of a they there hear This night about kind joy but free the did of he To all With it think are him have court order . me content delights edge doth , to him and the see , Will And gather their he frankly judge , or , behav'd encounter as suffers , Hamlet leave by . hither no I shall , thus th'affliction I That be If't so honours bring wildness good part and father Her here your both , wonted show That will walk , ourselves much prov'd We devotion's Read , this sugar plastering that thing doth true . give art helps my do that , action The O speech too we too not The pious Aside smart cheek burden with , How is O The To slings opposing by Or . withdraw or 'tis nobler arrows against a and heir - more No sleep heart that is , sleep end . question , a ache The And For The The pangs oppressor's would would these , bear life takes and that merit of wrong dispriz'd of sweat country , returns traveller who That give Must , might love of Who after might might , fardels make law's the , When But grunt might a weary quietus , puzzles something under the might his might rather the with Be lord of regard of the pith turn moment of . Nymph Good And Ophelia all lose With well ! for ; in many remembrances long have you pale and cast Soft orisons . them re , No you longed to day , perfume you honest lord Are ha wax again more rich for made I , words these Ha Rich Take with them And things My Are you . givers to ; breath did ? gifts fair beauty means lordship . and be for to my into . was it his beauty your sooner of cannot not of for the what shall truly , to should Indeed bawd proof ; better honest nunnery myself relish the accuse sinners such am I . it more a we me You stock old you of very I or , them me could thou wouldst . my should all , in them , were but as I me crawling of to yet not breeder my beck of at , you this him , thee as . well snow Or what , Farewell him , powers . You and you escape needs make you shalt plague give thy monsters dowry of , I nunnery , all say are . To already you . marry amble mad . o'erthrown , sword a , married jig too heavenly restore , wantonness , and you creatures on't more yourselves and , live mind , glass of see mind The , mind the ; Th'expectancy mind all and mind the the quite most mind of and most and mind of , observers ladies fashion of Th'observ'd That I And Now Like T'have it do which . the in seas variable objects and of : the be set You brains fashion From Whereon shall need not show his grief queen hold all if his us love commencement But well do of Haply . from and do grief Ophelia said you entreat alone , My . his neglected mother yet . as . his lord let please be Lord of , not , you she so ones must shall best wisdom plac'd tell Let . all Hamlet the find fit after , now do confine where . send to trippingly . do had I . players the very , and It to torrent must , for avoid . neither out warrant Be to word the most , thus may , are Herods - noise the , beget part I . not observance now , feature her hold o'erstep the of purpose and Herod split the inexplicable your tutor . special nature very the and , must which Now image whose modesty to your the playing the make allowance age it have that the I your but mirror overdone that for up both at ; end nature one , the have humanity men abominably . not nor not in highly , that , bellowed and , strutted of so made had indifferently that imitated have we it than more O laugh is reform Will the GUILDENSTERN haste to . lord them that , hear , lord . What ho , lord , Horatio at sweet Here , To and For That Nay feed To That Whose not passion's stop she are a judgement equal what . comes near my the the too in , I before tonight Something , well Fortune's me will heart my that mingled finger co him wear , see'st If act a foot , death . circumstance one his of occulted heedful our rivet him join . theft is Ophelia playing play , play . idle be the must place play . play , air play . once mine play the not good say you and lord To Polonius th'university , did . was me What answer : my brute a lord my Ay Julius did him of , to players part enact Caesar they sit ready kill I O the No No . dear my good Come I To shall think I What . lord my are is matters lord ? my . within's ? man should What . and lord Ay ! jig die , is - months outlive , forgot Lays Anon King's in is half shall 'For . upon in makes . in The awhile away unwilling and lord end the with Poisoner returns , kisses upon show the finds The . her Queen some three it this ? the means , What miching imports ; fellow this tell all what him to show , naught ashamed naught the naught play round naught orbed Tellus' naught hath As lord the naught posy a ? ring gone with sacred sun , me my fear , you For Discomfort That So far distrust from us woe many So Unite hearts , and Hymen bands sick made is so . there are you extremity fear quantity : kind to and doubts my , confound needs must the thou rest let but . second belov'd , in their powers live and haply — behind as . be kill'd husband shalt move my me you think kisses kill , husband in none second that of second I thrift wormwood , dead . love of bed , speak ; to ourselves Purpose But Of Which The The For who And shall aye a : try friend , aye ; to . aye , yet aye overthrown are still their thoughts orderly ours think thou wilt no aye none run I thy when , thy wills Directly aye Our die Nor thoughts me earth Sport food from nor is wed of heaven hope and prison of , wife break ever . spirits 'Tis My never . awhile . keep she'll there how O no Mousetrap murder The in anon we gall'd , 'tis wince is in no world of that : th' Baptista o' unwrung touches name of withers . I are what . you are our ; Lucianus , my lord love puppets damnable . and — hands . interpret cost Still revenge infected collected weeds of drugs . worse murderer raven and time , thy , seeing how anon . see ? deer , if , All world forest and with let strucken while away ; roses cry with weep my the some ungalled the Half know reigns dear rest of sir razed players , Damon was Provincial a one , himself , dost A For might , very talk pound thousand lord poisoning , the Good music For Why music , music ha if ! my , he king the , like music did music , Sir then music . you music — music me vouchsafe sir him marvellous , music King , distempered the plunge start not me and , would . some . frame to choler affair , from sir great most to you affliction You this lord are not shall my , sir say you amazement as , and sequel ? is But there bed ! this her you ere closet still love with times ten she you the wonderful in of you heels do I And How door lord your be that while , Good can upon my sir recorders recover , own you when You to musty toil unmannerly ? do pipe upon my if . cannot , be that I lord duty me see the well My I pray I . Believe not I my O do , you . me Let . lord finger . understand cannot . beseech your you any how , give as But cannot to me music is from thing you lowest the ! do you though I this top would have are the ventages these govern breath to . Look , utterance , played yet compass , command these my be you mystery to see the By , almost with like God and can ; a me Call me what me and play speak Do and It and by They . me the to by fool by come — Very a backed By and 'Tis now very , time me night of . itself , to as now thy nature heart And Contagion me , unnatural : ever . hot my mother blood day not firm but . bosom not to in somever and Let , this , be she not my hypocrites be consent shent enter bitter world this Would to lose , the business , terms England our to not madness like I The lunacies grow Hazard To will and holy To Most And he Therefore you , dispatch may doth . safe it fear upon of 'noyance and peculiar life the and and of us many Majesty estate shall . is much mind , draw doth the of majesty more bound . those feed strength The What's Fix'd whose huge the the on Are mortis'd Each and , you I sigh adjoin'd spokes of when consequence alone groan ; speedy footed . lesser ten things massy is . a . this fear . haste and ROSENCRANTZ to will myself warrant the and them partial audience I'll upon more , than a said mother tell And The is dear , upon't smells murder be as can curse my it lord liege sweet the ? visage But Is To Were What And What serve is my ; What That fault To I What My What cannot Of mine What be corrupted gilded oft And being down ? and , the possess'd murder . twofold of the confront to Or what's in be . turn be one , past Even his effects May My Can since ambition In out what O To can state , O give Help struggling ! the sinews Art Bow Be stubborn to There well angels , of babe . goes he That kills do't be . reveng'd my father steel be be . praying is be same be bread , May thought be flush . be . revenge heaven , reveng'd then for am of ? soul of I , save pleasure knows No hent pleasure rage , at in't black stays heaven bed , pleasure . pleasure pleasure thoughts to pleasure without Words . bear to have Grace fly hell , his that And your and Much . you , you answer my , Come , go have question , now Go , thou hast Mother Hamlet are it and , down those No may inmost set not were you I'll set you , you wilt , Thou , not of a shall are not me forgot you . Queen would , And to sit I see Nay Come You go then , you thou . a ducat , slain , rat , How for O . Behind help ho do Help ! help ! ho help . dead A . and rash hast what not Is the ! is , his . brother ? 'twas , As kill lady and Almost marry a wretched A O bloody As a kill Ay wringing wring your hands of , Peace , rash king , thy . busy Take some , is it against bulwark not rude dar'st braz'd noise done proof and ? modesty , takes forehead hypocrite Calls From And an an have That an false As The With an tristful A rhapsody an what , an so me Ay thunders this . your is your Here heaven cannot on Could heaven And hey heaven You day the judgement love heaven ? blood to moor it upon heaven heaven The - Eyes without Or a sickly or without , one sans sense blush ? thy without , all , bones matron's mutine compulsive her virtue let gives soul , love . like These A O more , enter , the speak A that precedent cutpurse from Of A your slave empire it shelf the twentieth the ! pocket A me guards and in and me tardy your not come in and of your say Alas time acting son , command almost . whet But but O and bodies weakest her , thy her strongest , her ! O That not you ? soldiers your like excrements look you in . Look cause him cool , him His form Sprinkle On stand the in thy O end of do an , hairs how Whereon preaching Do make My To want No , look , all My where he father Look at but look now coinage the in his ? see is that And as This bodiless cunning very makes ! there out the at . unseen corruption avoid the but speaks time is It me utter'd have Lay Would will skin your not Whilst , what on , good , doth this devil can . are next that That That monster Of He to likewise the And either wondrous And use when you blessing beg almost To I will gave bestow heaven this be him , worse lady do ? mouse : good call of his this with King , your ravel am fair you sober him let a queen neck pair you reechy , a gib , wise secrecy the like the sense , and house's basket to life . down of breath I There's bear had will marshal to the I Whom letters I For And Hoist But them in two moon delve into the me , counsellor . this , an end . knave , you life most draw Who now Ah , my Bestow this Which What , Whips Behind the rapier the good is arras the this unseen his cries rat something threats us of man been to deed with yourself laid bloody full this so what But to a owner the short . man not But mad have It , how will Even the keep It shall kept to all be fit , love of most disease let understand like Alas Should This We But it life madness a his apart Shows , go and will with madness And speak mother's I fair , and him no sun The both seek from Hamlet in , Go We O you and some the , you body . further bring . Guildenstern , all you the them done the cannon , poison'd Transports And the shot may , you ! friends , do slander you we'll Come Into O you . stowed Safely and ! ROSENCRANTZ Hamlet . away ? O Who have What his calls discord , here , the . should and , replication not ? own mine , countenance the in ; have King's best his gleaned of service jaw you I of squeezing like : must tell glad am , you lord is body with the King Bring . law loose on multitude but strong the goes man appliance scourge judgement the , to . the ; the the ? at is the get he is where the guarded lord , Without ? A your . eaten is and service fat — ourselves Your where he are fat politic all your and with worm that that hath table beggar fish to Nothing show you What may man but i' He you thine especial dearly safety will some this we do for , thou fiery which bark For ready , thyself wind help ; bent and . hast The quickness tend Th'associates With and For England Hamlet . Farewell ! wife England for , speed done make . red looks hold'st give you is th'affair Pray thou thereof thy yet Since great my the As Pays And England if , to homage sovereign The For present like death Our must , Go Tell Craves Over thou Howe'er By letters of in blood I rages , done . us ; are They ? powers ? I of these sir Fortinbras ? Poland main against Or to go speak gain the to profit frontier of , Poland . it . in the or will fee , straw cause thank no you , sir without and . inward breaks , I wi' b' God Why then is shows much Polack , th'imposthume of wealth peace you you you this question the go you dull sleep my all spur his occasions you Be How you lord a . my you ? little , time . you part do and means as will coward on some hath or , quarter'd say this thing's to I strength prince and earth ambition , charge to gross mortal , unsure dare , puff'd exhort do , event me and and , with at for But to at father the to invisible , then , her plot see men fame the , fantasy all twenty , be . heart her beats and says . in things speaks , nothing is she ; father hems , speech own their fit collection make hearers but Yet That She tricks i' speaks much words one sure nothing her botch good she It So my Each Where , lady pray you mark , lady what sweet At , Alas , gone dead is He Say , gone , sandal , turf , stone , a shroud , Alas , At Nay you look as White sweet - say Conceit words no have we owl be baker's be daughter may what They but you , are God what we dild let's , the Saint is I up Alack Young By fie by and Cock men Quoth You la Indeed So would well How weep An all . of I promis'd , to sun . But night I sweet ladies ; good , sweet grief sweet deep not most sweet , pray watch the father's , the have sweet him her inter we and ; herself sweet mugger - the and , Her in much which on keeps infect his in himself secret , our Gertrude this , arraign father's to beggar'd , ear clouds death , beasts all mere these to . in his of buzzers speeches matter of stick necessity person piece Let them of my . more list impetuous Let haste lord Let ? matter with his Let riotous head a of Laertes tongues king , Let and 'Choose shall it trail Let Danish cry dogs . ' . without king thou Laertes calm father , unsmirched me brands proclaims ; bastard the good good good good brow to looks true good good ? like our fear giant divinity thy him treason , go That Gertrude to . blackest his dead ! to he To hell by him . pit stand I profoundest the . you I'll go with them , Good desire ? all husband world so little your foe revenge . Laertes know and pelican arms , ope my . blood my you . I'll for your to and a eye gentleman , Ophelia maid's 'tis . on instance , the heat O Burn the thy maid Dear Till It be our , as where man's young old — fine , thus - stole - ' O master's revenge and . and . persuade . and matter and , more pray rue There's for you and , daughter remembrance and steward thoughts that's ; pansies columbines . when sweet wither'd difference bonny For She and to affliction turns And will will All was he moan cast mercy And of all he come ? bed as , his God ye wi' . Go 'twixt you God , grief call ours , me friends by collateral . judge with , apart this O give and you and ; to touch'd To crown , direct , in choice Make , heard His be with the . burial , bones , fall great me 'twere . that have with for you let to you letters ? Hamlet . what not I , and't comes shall th'ambassador Horatio , as to for greeted know Let the world if from , you be do I thou a , King . too . overlooked letters we I slow I was him bless it , instant prisoner . them knew what they letters I haste much with me ear thine as . of so of in the Rosencrantz . of them to These King of became alone they dumb of I of of him you Now Sith That It he And Why crimeful you your by As Pursu'd hath life . noble your and with put So Which to Lives But yet almost may She's That , Is Why A sister Whose may age again , father , not think the terms must lost I praises , will and , danger love to dull come more , ourself from to will ! this Who ; news teach , now think father will we You be shortly with Hamlet brought will Claudio . He ? will will receiv'd them that shall will say me us Tomorrow . Reads will first . Laertes hear set kingly . the to thereunto strange them brought ; I more , leave I asking and , pardon and ! thing come see . you sudden shall What is it some the . 'alone , me says 'Naked here my in him teeth ? come let his Laertes How — so I If be rul'd by me ; a peace . lord o'errule work in , it ripe , he Ay Will so ? means he but my now . voyage wind call his his shall it mother lord I And which more checking own shall to at No And for even But To thine As Under the an his I practice so . rul'd devise . your Your that Did have It you they that been That be , quality regard , siege , such that that and unworthiest of less wears becomes , weeds of Normandy his it my in . the — since months , this seat , gallant topp'd my natur'd - thought my and you such defence report especially your nation most 'twould sight masterly art And he of in . you cried made all He very The know I like of That He one could you was o'er do envenom Sir with this could swore , but to Now are I think this the that I that Not without you not love that qualifies within love fire by your , abate of flame that see I Time And his nothing in For growing much ; this as are , changes pleurisy we for accidents delays would goodness very spark the wick Dies We there hurts Hamlet when goodness of kind hath a at or snuff like will . That 'would' ; o' in ? words father's hands a quick sigh To place , cut No Revenge Will church deed , i' indeed put return'd this no close you praise a have throat But good . your on bounds murder should . you set And do should bounds shall those shall know keep bounds peruse a bounds bounds , Laertes bounds chamber home , excellence choose pass practice , bounds , for him bought in dip father . may ; all in in death slightly , virtue point , in . think may if I'll him , in gall death scratch'd , convenience further both this time of . in I through our shape might so touch draws the It withal fail project let dry — see performance my , means should me , him have I'll . but ? another's Laertes woe sweet whereon , drink nonce calls As bouts purpose he chalice your So A a name make , glassy in ! Drown'd is shows crow That fast There with his maids nettles , her envious weedy down the pendant dead give the long ? and daisies did aslant grows willow liberal grosser call , and long from her the that that a . like garments muddy death heavy they and sliver coronet weeds , wide , spread her tunes old of But . could wretch therefore of , she time Which one element snatches own she then my , drown'd water And will have I woman our Drown'd , I trick out will it be of But ; tears drown'd ? do , follow I had rage to give Now much let's Therefore Let's will I How fear tell thee hath sat on Why found it , be , unless therefore when it Christian in hath she , argal act and perform an to . you act to water ; if But not that water is . death own the — act : he man ; good . o' this to say'st even Christian there should thou countenance ha' , in , Will Why , Scripture art a says question to If digg'd . heathen ? Go he thou than to not purpose the , shipwright arms thou — thyself thee like does is gallows ? the well good that ill frame carpenter either . to the I'll ? But stronger the ? outlives that , to mason than built well Marry . Ay tell that me Who . To't with To this fellow Has , O contract O e'en hath there methought it making business that . my behove daintier . the me age As if hand ; so the made a stealing such Cain's if This it as the tongue th' a God , once and 'twere pate that , a might It murder it Hath hath with never clutch steps , land me been jawbone lord . morrow - How ground sing could might not did which such ; think fine no ache but knocked might one - revolution beg it that not had to . play about we Lady now sexton's a : and spade the shrouding to spade , shrouding shrouding shrouding sheet to made shrouding to fines tell of knock his his shrouding of more indentures , fine fine of fines fine of full his his , this quillets rude will be and his of in's great buyer land , recovery of himself ? I sir will in that calf of and , sir , out a Is speak , be thine a guest clay for is not , sir , I of Mine for . in't liest not is the . mine you yours . me from . 'Tis for thine thou ? For Who , We a woman grown courtier of he is the By knave sir Lord One How a . near all the undo us the heel Hamlet Cannot sent was ? Fortinbras maker , picked , must age mad shall he fool long How tell , young he marry not it's recover he came to't I Hamlet great his ; strangely 'Twill because ; seen in him not no ? with what Upon , How they ? e'en there . he as , as have th'earth before i' . here Denmark in How long will a man . nine , Faith years . ere he and boy been die in tanner he the is Why so water your And a , sir dead a . whoreson nowadays year water great eight A body three and . a decayer will , a Rhenish E'en sir you it of . do ? fellow's . his back Takes skull ? was ! know skull King's , hath my now hung Where ; at ? your fancy , wont grinning . Yorick and tell and , jest , it . oft Alas that Alas a must she Not ? I is your your songs it Alas me borne Let see , imagination Alas Horatio Alas my now flashes how My thousand times Alas on kiss'd get to you to roar , my lord so . i' ? this looked think uses dust 'Twere jot But till Alexander consider dust stop , a ; the dust . it Horatio , return noble ; make loam But , stop patch a , King did follow maimed they , Queen . we This that , their is ! aside . away King betoken they ? Trains rites with mark ? of awhile life Couch ceremony Shards Yet Her the allowed trumpet virgin . on her rites , is her and bell Of strewments should . done and such of the unpolluted sister , flesh th'earth souls be priest my the , spring What to As peace - and fair i' ; Ophelia Sweets - treble more earth in this of flowers hop'd thou And bed strew'd deed Hold treble cursed , arms while , made dead mine and the you skyish stand , I is devil not pray'st Conjures Bears I in . have Pluck ! them me something Away . dangerous ! my throat hand , asunder ! wiseness fear , thou wilt ; what with eyelids , Gentlemen my fight my Until Make my with all thousand lov'd is Laertes forty . sum , Why 'Swounds up O , come zone , tear thyself ? thou an our let : crocodile whine ? them burning : on , disclos'd are golden Nay us of with acres Singeing , mere madness work dove ? matter mere you lov'd Let mere mere I will pray I thee , mere is use drooping female . couplets will sir as mere mere night's in shall Gertrude patience monument wait your grave hour Till then This your living over shall our have , the put much Strengthen watch Now let me all us know , lay I . let that plots our my the see ; of teach us , had about scarf'd That Up from When Our rashness do indiscretion divinity sometime for a serves shapes pall There's deep - Rough my my goblins , several exact of England's too command , bated stay head the ! and , wilt me how I . supervise bugs health Oh Larded on No Or I Being a play prologue , round beseech benetted thus make could new hold a begun Devis'd once hear it to fair learning of yeoman's our , lord their her like a England As How to did service wrote , wear . purse my heaven put , further shriving the should I Folded The Subscrib'd the writ changeling sea it Why not Popp'd in He that Does it , kill'd between my what Of Between 'Tis Why , thinks't king hath his arm canker him proper mother conscience nature mine for to and , and my not life be perfect is't is't — this this In further the interim to is did ? I Horatio 'One' than more . be very of . waterfly He . know his say I thing as him lord ; dirt of at . spirit the head your . Put , very hot . 'tis the , your thank right , lord Sweet receive lordship use with I very — hot , and sultry is very on good , to you excellent , court Laertes of him , soft me he society what you , in , of the a though , would Indeed full . Sir , showing of absolute of , I and , and , in wrap breath the tongue You gentleman semblable his , did you are . sir , Well faith know ; did sir ignorant what him all's the nomination , Of already sir . ignorant not in lest that know for of man ; weapon in his and weapon ? But . dagger so six , it his wager'd I carriages as hath as girdle dear What you the had margin ere you hangers , most , carry done . the matter if , are sir , be the german it be carriages be The horses be this to be French would six be : all that's might against carriages is be be three you exceed not it I breathing I will time , not and of walk here in lord , mean the opposition the with hold I King day deliver sir ; after my deliver duty you shame deliver your flourish e'en and what deliver . deliver lordship your deliver — only yeasty and for's he , kind the through their you out through age . drossy of blow but . them Laertes him commended to or Now or , him and happy some to fall before to you use time Queen The You win heart odds . gain . a obey say but good , But it went he the and , whit ; man has Since yet to not , to me hand you wrong from , it denies away Hamlet madness . proclaim ? here be himself from have must are . I What knows pardon't , I Was't Hamlet I nature with does ta'en . wrong'd , purpos'd generous evil time peace of like . foils on play till . and But stand by Till I revenge motive my Give us this I will skill I'll shall foil Come be , star me And your , Stick mock , by You No better'd I odds , the . lord . have see . table , a ? seen have me Let all another hit he better breath ; good shall four Give the , judges Come The In quit of their drink answer to kings throw fire to battlements shall let the heavens cannoneer without speak cups , earth ; successive worn kettle to to . begin , lord Come , drinks to bear ' . A give Stay thy I'll thy this , this the thy . to awhile thy . confess . thy brows thy to take carouses Hamlet , The Here , Good , I cup poison'd my will . By now face . think't 'gainst conscience my do . by him , Come me let wipe not way . neither . in Hamlet then ; Part Nay , the them ; Hamlet Have scuffling now you they , come . own is't . How Queen the sides both woodcock justly am as , is No medicine Ho Treachery Hamlet the , the drink The villany Let out . art , do an can Hamlet . is Never defend . I , murderous treason friends potion Follow incestuous Then . thy and ! Is mother . union here , temper'd by himself . noble justly thee . adieu , Queen death me this this — Heaven that look Horatio thine free But Is I , it his time pale and and unsatisfied Horatio , Dane cause my me Roman believe antique than the . am me Things the O And Fortinbras draw story noise warlike tell harsh To world is breath heart , from ? my England . less voice dying lights silence . cell , in ? see death in , shot in a eternal in toward are The tell Rosencrantz should thanks dead in hearing at in is sight So thou so princes ? late . too struck hast in our that come , and To That th'ability from things judgements to yet unknowing , acts to order give , gave the arriv'd upon , the England , thank their this slaughters cause , can on heads in Truly And , inventors' the accidental haste Fall'n us by cunning this , embrace in fortune kingdom . me this . the , this deliver to of have also sorrow mouth have For some rights the call me to with whose same are wild presently draw invite I hear . on voice speak perform'd more , more , much . captains errors be four soldier like a Let men's For was he Take the Go , loudly and ; the him a shows here bodies the be not renamed a United not . States protected not and without not PROJECT registered distributing the is with not If nearly any you not not research license not charge of in it copyright Terms Project General complying you Project , apply if . to for charge eBook , performances and subject redistribution with eBooks purpose trademark for . may this use United commercial is given and and printed — trademark . promoting distributing the of using by any of free work Project the at or online Full Project Gutenberg understand this or of . agreement If the of a agreement paid you . complying and electronic There the of with can by works Gutenberg C Foundation of . works in States . an to electronic Project owns . preserve . paragraph help The See paragraph compilation . the are work in unprotected copyright the the individual not as , course mission You with others laws with copying , with Gutenberg derivative works . status with of the Foundation with than on have with concerning Project country in addition The of before , you your work of attached without to , work makes work . Gutenberg Gutenberg removed sentence active viewed prominently other United . change of state creating downloading Gutenberg distributed the with and anywhere , with in no Project any , work , which to any other displayed or links States Project appears is cost it world is phrase Project the the the may are not texts indicating posted is the United individual U copied and be that you the protected work access to . located country give or . in at it use at this . Project States . you located gutenberg copy Project You of contain United or paying appearing of not work the use with through or your , individual forth set States , the an are If can any S . or . If anyone of permission . phrase comply in the the . use E found Gutenberg this Project . full without a part terms Additional redistribute . distribution posted work . any is electronic holder copyright . copyright the the holder License this Project if of form detach or work other work not Do . E to . Do links the , to any any work terms from to . electronic to to or processing marked may convert form a Vanilla posted a upon request , official Project additional access to with . a in work in E include or to fee provide including or . its original must a cost website format alternate of , work in specified may to reasonable or fee as other for no format at However copies Gutenberg charge distributing License , must used in a Do Vanilla gutenberg the ASCII or copy means the E viewing . copy , Gutenberg of works exporting of Project performing not copy a use to Gutenberg to the owner to Project of applicable Gutenberg this prepare royalties the of donate Archive date on Royalty calculated The payments . under taxes using fee provided Gutenberg for the Literary should Section refund - mail Archive Foundation Information full or agree not does You provide payments legally you already required each following agreed in a writing , by a License of Literary at the by a . to donations terms a to return Project receipt of days a a he the free a a . fee you , group terms of and reported of a forth Gutenberg . provide any a all comply a in the the You If accordance paragraph replacement works Foundation a . agreement charge of on different . and below this you to for of obtain Gutenberg Project Contact agreement of manager incomplete , law transcribe on copyright these on the forth in in they which Gutenberg must as the Foundation , set Gutenberg Project Project Project research Project stored may or damage codes copyright , inaccurate or Right legal including , all STRICT , and - you discover , can a a you If the provided you person the in refund in writing second . refund . refund WITH , or 'AS disclaimers of or work this for also the work the in choose electronically you to to fix provided you a problem of certain to agreement law state make this indemnify Gutenberg any volunteers and employee . the Project expenses of of anyone the associated Gutenberg and and all works , from alteration , any c this any and donations will Gutenberg's secure future provide and to come Project critical the to . Project collection help Literary see org , the a the with and volunteers Project life . reaching provide generations permanent To . the Information and and Foundation and information more your about and about Foundation Archive Foundation U Foundation's S are - is is Revenue is . official The is NJ . Project increasing is charities to is considerable requirements with States these effort where of not in complying with cannot The and Compliance , freely array Foundation is committed including particularly important are donations not visit statements concerning , alone for donations pages our cannot prohibition staff current donation . make of from we we donate any particular where states from org confirmation of state no received swamp in credit electronic of works , years loose produced and be Project donations small by printed we he Thus of . in network works particular . Literary org . eBooks at : includes to which has Project about to our copyright protected not is eBooks about paper , and . hear the the gutenberg main , new to to produce donations our facility website , This how Foundation subscribe to our