, answer He carefully most . thee heart bitter cold . haste Who there Marcellus guard quiet Stand good you Give soldier hath ? you . what Barnardo honest place Marcellus tonight . again appear'd have not dreaded I sight let I seen our twice entreated again this minutes and 'twill to once us so let tush Sit fortified assail against have . of down Last Barnardo of , night nights again hear let And In the same now made Where Peace thee it The same , Thou it It it that majesty By charge I . offended heaven with Did sometimes What night away . speak ! speak ! parle ! true eyes I very , strange at our watch . angry ice me , land that cannon brazen observant . not inform can make , At Who is't image as , Thereto least Dar'd to Did stood , this Fortinbras combat this Was Had he To which seiz'd ratified so Well slay by with of , life , of ; King he Against gaged carriage And to unimproved . of vanquisher inheritance ; the the mettle a of it terms But his father this our motive , compulsatory a For food stomach doth well us . of watch no sort be our those lost main the And As haste - post Is by The So Of it that question the watch and in fire ; influence sun and tenantless state of sheeted , streets , blood dead , Rome ; star and precurse of with eclipse , dews the like heaven our Lo though ! climatures prologue even And And harbingers and behold Speak , the and together on . or me blast to good any soft , thing sound it countrymen where it hast any thee be Which art privy do If thou , happily Or of it Speak For I it , with ! if ! here will majestical violence so show , of ! gone being invulnerable , mockery cock blows speak , in the made And , I when malicious a spirit . cock the that birth , say the our dawning on And No The then bird , so gracious is power planets night of , or hies truth ; time then part mantle believe strike . my charm , russet by seen tonight advice , it , long , celebrated stir dare the no witch to abroad clad we acquaint shall ; yon in and , impart us you Let's we shall find Where do't I our with it and Voltemand conveniently . befitted death us brother's . and whole Attendant that of , grief in discretion our kingdom morning , brow our , dear sorrow of think hath our auspicious with one with have dirge freely , all along , Now to In in ; that supposal dear know which you brother's , gone worth frame , law meeting here of we , purpose in proportions the made writ for much . for business nephew's herein and and old Giving To , of this Of His Of Thus Now heartily all are full and to the commend haste your and CORNELIUS all nothing . more thou favour and is hand more not throne , now And You And Than The shall You speak be voice cannot your The the to instrumental whence must duty my Laertes return willingly I duty pardon , to your coronation France , Denmark done ; and leave . Polonius gracious you on thine . my , will , Aside How is A little more my now thy But , cousin still thy with ever too i' like you ? Denmark is be like it so like is it seems through Passing Seek like Good And like Thou like Nor like the suspiration suits , alone my cloak like , If it , Ay it Why 'Tis of river of that moods dejected , Nor Nor windy the visage of seem ; Hamlet father your mourning lost , obsequious incorrect most shows impious obstinate But must these know duties in commendable for common as mind a . sorrow . 'Tis and obligation unfortified a A For Is death reason must woe We of us , cried theme nature , sense fault note , of the and think throw take throne bears , dearest father nobility to less toward impart going I , to which with of You , As 'This , most world , son our eye , Wittenberg ; Hamlet Denmark heart a thee Be Why , as 'tis with mother stay I Sits This No jocund health in gentle And Seem His How Possess grows Fie to weary months , have O My , longer mourn'd A beast , that ; but , more Within — Why she , of even body within name a , hang old , father , uncle , tears month like her in to . post good must I cannot come to glad Hail my dexterity it your for , I I I'll make My And am very glad , But hear that you Good : you with . lord — make , it . what teach lord We'll Against To Indeed thrift Horatio , coldly met had , I prithee , drink - funeral . upon dearest my forth had — Where my was eye mind's he king in a for again . like him Saw ? father may I a while deliver till ear The take look I Who ! me love God's let you , these of these , and nights For thus encounter'd before them , exactly figure - solemn walk'd pie night , their like middle on gentlemen your of the father , he thrice whilst secrecy the had as Where And The , them length fear - they eyes , in . platform was not like ? it watch . up lifted the sound the it head as where But , not Did My motion then But to my it true , loud speak . away haste , our would But Itself even And very from it like cock in . writ . 'tis . it ; me . Both , know duty ? toe you . to foot lord ? beaver ? he , you wore his to head face not from , his in . eyes very or ? there . you constantly had would I like beard was I sable silver'd . it watch 'twill I'll If it though person itself pray should all . sight ; in you I . in , my assume hold conceal'd in loves . this So in . understanding shall silence , else hitherto Upon visit in you eleven your the I'll requite will in in , duty to to soul o'erwhelm them : the you ! in in as would arms All well ; rise will foul : benefit . primy doubt trifling toy favour nature ; minute so No perfume The Hold it not inward and bulk of this more ? Forward , A violet The For He may , weigh'd of no . his will cautel his own ; do his persons not Perhaps service as no it withal does nature but crescent soil now And greatness The sanctity is It in act and believe circumscrib'd state depends birth besmirch must , body that this whole no . songs his list you ear unmaster'd , my of your Denmark honour sister . desire enough danger of or withal may goes place or or imminent not beauty to affection treasure sustain or open loss fear rear your or calumnious . youth or spring strokes dear or or . is shot the Virtue galls 'scapes her of fear , the and safety good But ungracious and thorny rebels , dew be most blastments oft though this as not Do Youth then wary morn liquid of in best As Show the a some pastors else none recks Whilst I . path his own fear . shoulder smiles long blessing double steep the Himself too not primrose of , is upon Aboard the There , in of memory my aboard leave , you tried adoption act his no for shame . double grace of hoops tongue . by palm of beware with thee being entertainment : voice thy . Beware judgement , few , in comrade a to entrance Of Give Neither they thine thine thine a borrower to invites , thine go and to said my thine keep lock'd , of thine the . key thine you it thine something touching he Farewell Ophelia hath said , well bethought very you to time me hath been he , as of , so , caution and free — yourself and daughter understand my Give — 'tis of affection late to , me perilous You a green girl the up speak , lord think many tenders ; think yourself for baby , in my you wind of the me with . phrase , like . you'll importun'd fool ; should the it , to dearly he to vows . love . In the holy woodcocks prodigal , both , it fire your maiden higher rate presence this time , go speech as , larger . Hamlet heat for of to parley tether may is he , Ophelia ; in , at For he ; which sanctified like to in plain , so slander , from for bawds suits is pious are walk , young brokers , time all investments show , they , forth the moment leisure . ways . your Hamlet Lord this lord come . cold . air . twelve . struck the a native is . and takes , reason men these o'erleavens his of some the down of plausive , that too pales the or star of they pure one that stamp much forts they wherein are nature chances mole particular our of not , men complexion of ; man be o'ergrowth their By defect , grace , as , us goblin call I'll such heaven or , thee of or answer Hamlet , damn'd ! scandal a doubt . it charitable shape hell , Look ministers comes , from , of our our fools of reaches shake we the ? the corse we their thy not , father Have thee up , glimpses thus beyond again of the disposition we , it did moon do , thou , With That , to by means with more with waves It It then not go . away alone with . it lord action ground will a what removed it . fee ? itself it at be my ; I'll . immortal follow fear do to it cliff that a the flood of desperation . sea the the form into it , reason horrible , lord . into toys madness your his base other of of Think the sea the every . this body . your . your me your . lets your — on , your your your your . him this of To what the state it follow after in ? Speak will me wilt To I shall . serious hearing am bound unfold to ! come up hour sulph'rous to render is hear . nature night am I unfold , the spirit ? of locks stars like eyes knotted thy young blood , word prison whose part end not be O , combined ; freeze from stand of away purg'd the burnt Would tale start to to days my But thy their on lightest upon . porpentine ! God must , it in Murder And and foul most most But Murder swift as ; revenge thoughts I that foul his Haste be . hear Lethe than the . of unnatural wings is weed love . youth of my my father's of Now on this ear the in stir Mine prophetic wears , thy noble process know ! life sting a stung Is abus'd of seduce Ay wicked , O The witchcraft With it her in marriage and the . queen there dignity vow ; bed celestial a whose most ! of will So wit , and with gifts shape of morning , the I prey sate . mine Though soft ! me Upon My my secure custom of hebenon thy afternoon orchard ears a the So Will , court wretch a Upon lewdness lust be Brief But an swift And With let And and , and like instant , sleeping - a curd , hast not thou reckoning Unhous'led off Thus , was life Cut No , Let A couch nature O royal the , sent on my , horrible ! disappointed made , imperfections but be . contrive soul thy the pale to - And Taint mother thy thy to prick To And O shall all you Ay , In ! All ! I'll saws ! book ! baser and ! pressures records my holds ? all fond thee , my ; heart instant Remember trivial shall ! all memory table all commandment matter sure all smile Meet it smile may so , is most . all it and are , there be in my ' all word Denmark be down brain , all villain it ! a . all , my volume pernicious ! all villain My uncle Within Within all My HORATIO adieu you I , MARCELLUS him ! lord ho bird , ho How boy , noble , is't lord ! it ho , you'll my , Not news lord I I secret ? once . it — think Denmark be shall desire more , a . knave arrant . us and hands the , my tell you right hold it without To business and for I'll business whirling wild Look For as And I your Why , point , offence no There's sorry are Saint ghost . offend you they , Yes heartily know , And scholars For your as O'ermaster't It , lord . will lord my , is't known friends , to you are Never we and MARCELLUS lord My Give will swear't my I Nor me . have We ? Nay but , what you . lord . not , my sword ha Upon my my stage so hear oath Art in . to fellow the . truepenny swear Consent on boy , under the Propose Never Cries , sayst have this you this Swear to . we'll , Beneath mole , Once remove , fast , ground have . our , my , sword so , strange friends . Horatio , th'earth is good welcome it , earth wondrous But , they we - think disposition , or of or times encumber'd at As you As Or we That 'If So Swear man and a as poor love aught ambiguous : together in is , gentlemen to to O on his . do . So friending Let . commend love Beneath grace Swear spirit fingers your still And The was come , of is ever . right I pray . notes these born May time I out lack shall not Nay That money , lord inquiry behaviour his Of will and him do did . it lord well . Look make wisely marvellous this Give , Reynaldo you keep ; Paris sir , him nearer father distant what finding , more you come will encompassment know 'twere mark ? friends ' 'not put very on well , it question lord may he's there so that of none . say my , marry take companions 'And But may But To in ; and drinking gaming Ay and so mean ' you , I please dishonour , no are , my may it dishonour You , As , my must , not My lord as That Wherefore should But this do you the breathe of blood . fiery unreclaimed assault faults his liberty scandal another put may and he : seem outbreak That's it slight in 'twere As And I i' crimes be would sound working him little 'Good or with ; the to a laying I You ever sir The party sir , here's is a fetch on consequence ' the 'friend in breathe in of you or this guilty , prenominate soil'd you seen you closes ' Of lord good Very According youth and , What about I He 'friend , in with closes I At or you At mass was And 'closes then he out ; o'ertook the gentleman day , ay 'I : the 'closes then 'I There , was him saw falling him brothel falsehood we bait , of Videlicet With Shall my , And Or , or a you windlasses saw do and former , my , my lord his him And let I inclination wi' my , now so affrighted . unbrac'd stockings , of lord , was with down , what With as , his , look doublet his each purport it ? wrist o'er thus all of length but not do My As . At . And . And seem'd o' last me is . as oft our natures . him , I not have does afflict good fordoes to will any passion undertakings , command my our proper . thee which to we to , being hide than dear be This , discretion known . is as for beyond go the in ourselves transformation have Since Resembles his it death What the should be him , hath , entreat brought with both youth of thus put inward I have to , you our gather pleasures on time vouchsafe of cannot I draw Some And , from much father's that sending ; nor th'understanding Hamlet's nor expend occasion so gentry awhile are talk'd our afflicts you so occasion you That occasion occasion by your companies , thus him may occasion and to , occasion , us into more occasion occasion And gentlemen time with and not please you , thanks such king's your power you full your . Both your king's And and here and , To Rosencrantz and and and practices and and and , mine . sure . lunacy do of — I . great bring them hath he that son's , in the that long I to , sweet all o'erhasty our what from greetings good my of ! marriage brother he 'gainst truly whereat ; age impotence griev'd Polack him out and , into a nephew's was Was falsely borne sickness from his uncle before in , Norway Fortinbras Receives To And So entreaty him Whereon Makes Norway arms give vow th'assay his regards such It As this time well . and this you for safety please your against to dominions therein might pass likes and , thank we our your , rest to Meantime at for at more business This Most should majesty liege , day is nothing day My to brevity the tediousness be will since but brief ; call it I I And , let But but is't More , matter to I I is , 'tis he Madam , 'tis mad pity , out we it 'tis find That Mad say let us rather him cause of now this thus remainder . whilst cause of she , soul's . have and gather idol this duty daughter , effect and Now the the , phrase vile obedience hear shall a you my Hamlet I awhile stay but to her be will ; doth to I doubt thou from sun that be the stars fire the a are liar move most love , this numbers whilst , daughter show'd his , my mine by hath solicitings ear means receiv'd , to me of and think But love on might hot what faithful . tell , must I your desk what me queen or here table idle mute winking , love I No thus with did went thy tale fruits then into a a short thence , by raves weakness he wail . now this and , wherein very said that , ' , time positively it that , this be . I indeed ? I'd prov'd . ''Tis though the it . it in he indeed ? four lobby loose hours . loose loose daughter loose to my arras an love loose . carters loose . loose comes loose away reading leave Lord - mercy me a ? man be to lord my , dog ? to't daughter my is a very gone a my lord ; he a Yet but a . for . Friend a ? he said my walk a by speak And . this gone me How a not truly to I'll a that says ; wrinkled slave the Slanders most tree gum satirical lack of wit men I to honesty sir should All that faces ; the matter you plentiful , am as old this I sir with beards - potently , hold be go , weak you plum their I matter the it be that you o' For sir ; Though . which , have not I backward my ? Aside . on How , method in't like it if madness walk is ! cannot except You suddenly honourable the so out the air . of prosperously means will me , These , my lord life anything humbly that take from are could contrive replies go Fare that will my part . Hamlet save lord ! the to do earth both ? Guildenstern ye how , we are over not of we soles my shoe the are good Fortune's Nor waist , the As Happy Then Faith about that the her , O ? live parts my is near . lord , not the news the grown is in lord Then particular doomsday , What , prison prison hands more worst the news . lord dungeons or ; so , 'tis goodly one are being Then is world Denmark then ambition were in bounded , space dreams Which , then God infinite your to makes one nutshell that I and a . good either prison narrow too nothing bad have , so ambition are merely is airy shadow's th' we and our GUILDENSTERN court shadow and shadow a the the but . it is heroes that , fay outstretch'd I for attended at my . But make am I , friendship of , even my way will ROSENCRANTZ man honest to . I not visit ? anything , am your justly friends To I , are poor no what . visitation there for me end to confession , own Come thanks my it to I the your in . enough of teach by preserved withal and and consonancy . know let But by direct , you What whether better proposer our , hold sent of , with me dear , you a the rights you . were we so off eye . Guildenstern shall anticipation no King why to late your . lord the know the and ; exercises of goodly this , indeed not it seems roof than fretted you say . tell My most no , in form thing piece angel paragon is like in how it o'erhanging , fire , mirth brave to yet your no not me was there , smiling ? in appears world quintessence though faculties . in like , lord my shall from you Why did the lord , dust of hither plays the shall and of the shall He the think , delights me' Lenten the lungs humorous laugh , make ? such ways both travel , was residence and players means the players Are players players not ? followed better Their . players the tragedians ? profit were players those to players the same Do wonted keeps comes eyases children are most aerie and the common so afraid are berattle How endeavour of they their , in are rusty so ? indeed , quills fashion thither come are quills is , not quills quills , that on — scarce they and quills went for and poet the to much quills there , bid sin no quills most they quills argument unless quills to the , afterwards if longer maintains they their ; the a ? it . away his in while no about ? possible been carry Hercules my him at ; for my is King his picture give , find , and those too . Is't , not , hundred something make is Ay , that very strange they would , is fashion are . natural out could forty twenty 'Sblood little Elsinore players the than . Elsinore . ceremony appear more extent my lest of Elsinore are , Gentlemen Elsinore appurtenance garb should uncle But Elsinore players and dear Elsinore . a each gentlemen , out you Elsinore . Elsinore what be see , you Happily of they it . hearer say swaddling clouts That . Mark you to child to baby , prophesy second for , you sir to My The news lord Monday the there is not yet will he's Upon my actor each actors lord . hither on Buzz , come tell . ass comedy , history or , men the , for — tragedy actors , The best came his scene treasure a . my loved daughter he , pastoral , Plautus too the Jephthah , The call I you Jephthah fair . lord right , my , me on th' ? love you lot by the my pious to came It As and abridgement show see thee look where you more ? nearer Denmark Thy glad to is heaven to , God Pray chopine beard old will most was ! in all is I to , altitude the By'r friends welcome last , welcome of by have uncurrent last , thee thou be e'en to't like ? speech , within . a than valanc'd . comes welcome my your straight Come once the for , play , gold Com'st lady O masters all speak not piece heard , not cracked French give us of it , the to play , cunning especially savoury , remember matter , the affectation . well above , once I , chiefly , author , But cried — phrase down the , there the matters such , said speaks this and now , of very by , so , purpose more total mothers daughters horridly foot , to smear'd light trick'd , horse arms sons , black complexion Head , and in gore , parching a wrath streets Pyrrhus with the ominous the . Bak'd Black When Hath With of a with , Roasted , tyrannous , discretion , sword and hellish damned and That with the and fire you , sword . seeks proceed . rage Ilium crash flaming of . falls the But to Priam Pyrrhus drives arm at he finds . Unequal where . sword senseless match'd his the and nothing seem'd declining was reverend But as death , anon , speechless ; sets did him so a dreadful below thunder , hammers Pyrrhus' , matter will milky some , stood , stand rack Pyrrhus to , i' . tyrant as , And Did his painted we the winds vengeance , than Pyrrhus' power from fellies and on proof , pause bleeding work you heaven gods sword of the to long too . wheel ; say he beard your , on come of Hecuba to , her . down nave the As low the Say a shall for jig . robe , up pronounc'd have treason themselves state in A A down A A A — not that her Pyrrhus with and A A But In The A About the th'alarm A make see loins in of caught A . then mincing When if the them eyes made . time — let their . soon this brief ? bestowed well will , And has players they for ; well , they , bodikin I'll your death you the and live you bad to . your man see you will used are report better your own desert dignity and desert , in . their every honour . Take of study lord night set my speech of insert lord , you . hear We'll a play need down not sixteen or and that Follow well Guildenstern my . I slave this , you him , aspect whole distraction his , monstrous and b' not , ye I am ! that to that that so all his conceit weep should What's that that would with free with passion , that drown the he that nothing suiting Hecuba he ; that - of and and and and across a I . and , muddy - the ignorant eyes nothing property and and , my it breaks life ? and ? cause , and it does ? gives blows and was villain throat cannot this this and the all oppression am by , lungs me dear of king , mettled unpregnant , most Am Who the lie , most is ! kindless ? bawdy - my , Ha , should make I 'Swounds With To pigeon - liver'd , villain words ! hell murder'd , villain kites Bloody lecherous heaven and This ! vengeance of revenge , unpack with have tongue at I upon't dear heart I'll mine most Before tent May him For T'assume be my As miraculous like observe . I'll If shape such The . spirits thing . have melancholy , devil that he his their proclaim'd malefactions blench but looks The . devil weakness I and hath King the drift you from Grating is of Out And He Nor When But do what will forward to state no . we Of his receive you ? to him bring would with a well but of he Most forcing much Did . pastime our a to so that any in . a kind these certain we , told , him out Of They way him already entreat to have him play to seem fell see your before raught , I are of players him you it , there Madam We And To , true . matter . most 'Tis beseech'd And , too may here for us , unseen frankly Ophelia 'twere closely , may And of he you I That him their that encounter lawful for father For If't and ourselves , obey honours it I hope your cause do I so his as he . part : good his his your his wish your To both his shall happy wish his be way . virtues , his you his , book his ! plastering thing devil a harlot's his bestow That . such himself . devotion's in true give O prov'd And is lash , speech 'tis . more my him lord be not coming . Let's deed ugly hear Whether be Is O of end - heart by I heavy , is : to of the fortune , 'tis That For The No ache the sea a arms take to Or When to To more is perchance , of us calamity love , might Who sweat give There's proud , office dispriz'd insolence When a With The traveller country ? he of long so , of fardels bear , thought of cast know something a his the merit bodkin But And fly o'er with Soft now orisons , pith pale of not returns undiscover'd No makes And enterprises lose Than conscience With Be sicklied fair does Good for well . yours remembrances re . them aught not , No I you I receive . honour you this , I My humbly your I , That I you never , well of - well have lord I them more ; poor wax again Take As the for made these for Rich , for And for Ha for to , beauty for admit no honest you Are for my lord ! for commerce of will power of your if , is . paradox you I was proof , into his it bawd , have sometime did love . believe time the translate virtue . so cannot me loved for ; it you , the I me relish made thou I not were a shall believed a the , once of You that thoughts should have to . to thy time have , old sinners of am of . lord believe as offences had Where's that him At house own my . he upon home , him you sweet the us ! heavens escape dowry thy . fool ways and nowhere thou marry of needs Farewell , them make marry but play , shut O , go know go Or this ; for snow calumny him too what and , creatures on't Those , that it and , restore , thou as pure farewell well , too more paintings enough yourselves and , have , live , face they , shall God's I'll no shall have . will , and you your no well , another jig You , I see courtier's The rose of and and what , what with jangled . O woe . harsh and seen seen Blasted is of his and observers feature , That T'have sweet bells all of , soldier's fashion , scholar's noble of like madness his the melancholy tune sovereign music , wretched , reason blown see his form something sits hatch which quick I set to : England , do it lack'd disclose to and . doubt down the Haply variable seas demand have danger There's do be on the determination with tribute , speed and of countries , matter heart he shall still do his different I of you thus ? please play in where him , the ear with , find she please as Lord now said all mother grief his heard It We show plac'd send Madness in ; not ; you as pronounced ; shall unwatch'd ; Your him To ; England ; Of To ; It ; as mouth thus give periwig as to may but crier pray as lines , you speech But if I as tongue most I . as spoke , use . not to it as ; Nor of your , as you honour discretion o'erdoing groundlings passion . as action to your your warrant Herod . nothing but the gently passion Termagant , acquire me to offends it pated . O and shows your tutor this very at both image as is word neither tame not the o'erstep you a fellow let own word not pressure scorn playing , cannot your that speak gait it allowance bellowed , make , nature age up . special the to overdone but anything , this the the mirror the hold to , make of the that be play us . speak them with those let so that quantity question Go of indifferently so men strutted — highly that of nor had having nor altogether set laugh too , than it . journeymen have not . abominably . will to spectators my this . How King Queen the And . hear lord . ready . that of ? work . cop'd as a . lord ho What thou art , Horatio withal your sweet at e'en dear may ? pregnant thee let of Hath As one Since are they ta'en A Where seal'd And , my not passion's thee what stop core That I heart's a of it comes see'st thou with mine Do thee , comment one soul - father's act a my pipe for Fortune's finger , of heart in , Something tonight his have foul ; be . playing his heedful we seen , idle Polonius Ophelia . If Danish . march They I . Hamlet cousin I brute did lord , so they dear my hither Julius What , my . to ready i' you kill'd me was there a ; here's ho shall , my O lie I lord lord , do mark that lap upon I Do you nothing my No , meant are lie Nothing think think lord I jig a fair You - maker ! merry , should two 'tis twice months black I'll Then suit man a my and shall else ; outlive memory die he , Nay O a ! hope lady on by'r , with great long sables there's , build the hobby - how you must Nay King . then and She a man's hobby Queen and kneels and . her a seeing , declines Enter , neck leaves , The finds in , carried is lord means accepts She some the love and his three or body gifts with , my ? argument the this Belike the with this imports show What this miching of play ashamed Be all : tell what the . cannot keep ; hearing this meant ? a the to We a show you'll show . you , are love As Full thirty salt And brief , this Is or gone ground our bands sacred of be and . love sick round , nothing it are , and the ere moon hands borrow'd Hymen twelve is love In proof , grow great , love . there shortly leave functions My That I from far , thou , must fears great , this haply . Such Faith operant powers leave Now is Honour'd And shalt , and the me thou confound let shalt rest treason but Aside love the O husband in thee — as behind their to world , of love none , that time When Are None The In base A I But do what Which violent to in doth either , revels , is world Grief Where Of unshaken when they we is the sticks mellow that , what , necessary to of Most But The pay The Their our a question , on yet us , makes advanc'd great And love 'tis should ; grieves enactures with grief doth or his friends left on lack 'tis our for not nor to prove strange , friend try wed of so I none second wilt thou But who our not shall end fates devices ours think So But Nor earth Our Our in their no lock repose thy hope food food be ever and food to and turn in blanks and me , food that I what An food spirits The fain . widow , food and day , Sweet food with thy tedious sleep between food come never Meet here once To Both sworn grow Sleep My us much . would her keep too mischance brain th' ? in you this play twain . in't of image his This Duke's . do Vienna . how but Marry ; they , no Mousetrap in murder The she'll but , O , Have call souls , Lucianus a You I done ? knavish withers nephew and are you gall'd could interpret , love lord groaning better your cost my are , you a if , keen would and faces , drugs of , wholesome Hecate's dire no , apt , Confederate Thy natural thrice hands mixture ban , thrice The see shall . infected time and , fit blasted and life rank , the in , murderer weeds His estate very gets written i' and The fares King with the play light some Give Lights strucken deer go , sleep , weep ; some the , the while world of a with , play roses players if feathers away Provincial the razed sir on , Didst was . here lord the rhymed the ghost's . have talk the of , I did some he , of , my Ah ha of of , of me a music like . Come of . of whole perdie whole whole whole ? whole him whole . choler whole would signify whole to start great you most am wildly discourse from my . me sent hath shall be the of it answer , sir ? diseased or shall you wholesome commandment me pardon What , make more no , to make you . answer can thus she at son Sir , My , Make Then desires shall We , says : that with you to ? in this mother's ere ? is go sequel no there us with times our were My trade she , obey She speak her closet do me , these pickers your is the but grass lack grows in the ? To lack one succession — you drive with lack You I cause own be lack the while lack voice Denmark lack me Let . see of the , not lack do my O My , lack recover recorders sir bold I lack duty as me would . cannot you I lord Will if , pipe too unmannerly . lord you are and ventages mouth your with touch and most lying as 'Tis thumb I , But ; you would , command these it the harmony make , what Call fret me , you . speak God be yet mystery seem to how a my me excellent , thing stops 'Sblood you ; my to speak played on than speak yonder lord speak By like it is It speak Methinks cloud speak would speak the speak weasel a come I speak mother by bent my to speak I Or a a is . fool me the and itself of now by Very by . world do , very easily like whale and By And this Contagion yawn witching friends out I now business could hell Now on cruel , be use none ; breathes bosom firm . her to Nero . mother . hypocrites : ever . it stands nor range will forthwith , my soul be but . you not may as our , estate him his commission us near so terms your To Most We he of Out keep strength the life the bound peculiar and feed . hourly grow much rest the . many whose 'noyance live With summit the it not That To The whose and near itself of it huge spokes boist'rous , pray too and us , a . which thousand lesser alone general this this fear . put speedy Never , ruin with . myself mother's his to closet ROSENCRANTZ To lord as And them Fare that you , the partial , than and . he's , the speech The , O 'Tis meet vantage you eldest Pray as not , heavens hand will I sharp as as murder Thanks rank it strong intent , as lord . as as I'll this visage What as the down come what as still Whereto , as of form look fall . as , possess'd to force mercy — and world , th'offence this did I Forgive O , offence murder retain the not by of currents wicked 'tis prize But but of twofold up foul ! we and may own mine Try My be pardon'd But there so itself ; be struggling when What , nature true Even teeth ! Help engag'd state O death , rests forehead What can of law repent lies to bosom , heart new he Make ! not strings born to That would goes pat father , of , what Yet O O soft All and ; as And grossly stands him our in But 'Tis he take the purging of I course knows flush of full , who and and , is Up heavy To When When , With is At with in asleep th'incestuous he drunk him my , sole his , I To sword fit his audit circumstance . am save thought his , sickly . heels relish no , his , This As The physic hell him that his goes rises My without prolongs of thy soul but and thoughts words Words my , thoughts him his heat Pray round silence me mother Look to never He And Mother , mother Withdraw . not Fear you , be I'll I hear me coming , warrant with , you him , Come what's answer question you go , Why Go Now Hamlet . wicked ? the , with wife that set , so you set you and , You And Queen come then , were would I'll down the , ho ? Dead , those sit till see help ho ? help ducat a now What Help rat budge not of , wilt up you inmost A , help ! Draws slain ? mother his brother is bloody it know I O deed Ay Thou bloody wring to for thy . heart be , 'twas , intruding ? king kill As word , danger Take with marry for braz'd ? act of , made proof that penetrable of off takes forehead hypocrite an Such and thou bulwark . have done your custom , so rude it , so stuff the a blister . sweet . Yea words against mass of fair body dicers' grace blurs Calls oaths and Heaven's , rose , doom in picture , counterfeit of , me - presentment was curls A front the seated on Jove and : two on this brothers himself indeed set you brother his mountain Ha ; the : is love moor this it to this waits you day call the upon , Is could from madness ne'er of quantity ecstacy you a motion this judgement Sense not choice devil . so some in hath such it at hoodman was cozen'd feeling or sickly mope but . eyes part hell ! shame , feeling , smelling Rebellious youth her own Proclaim for What - was't sight ? wax charge as panders doth fire as reason speak no frost turn'st Hamlet , eyes not but an and making bed live honeying Stew'd In I mine such to of enseamed sty . Nay in O These A your slave that murderer A words empire empire empire Alas , empire You empire Save heavenly empire he's me guards and king empire empire of ! in not to look step O But , you Do That laps'd come time Do Is That And him , and Look , pale do . Whereon of O you preaching you have convert upon look for ; whom Do Then what tears see I to — with make Would effects colour stern Will Nothing My Why father even look how ourselves but ! in the liv'd it out of very Ecstasy as yours music Bring temperately re . Mother will . utter'd healthful Is is This This the very My Would That And not And To them not what's do but gambol That It Repent make Hamlet away the purer uncle's bed . doth not , good or livery eat easiness more , throw of nature out easy , and this of ; bles'd good , desirous same . do I , night . call all not out fair a house's like the would Who conclusions try birds , basket Let For who No Unpeg the To And Be England know . life that words breathe breath to words to have you words 'Tis my words words 't have I will own words to Let and 'tis their shall , words the adders words concluded so sweep , hard . counsellor this . room and . one shall the This in them delve petard knavery me to most go mines , Indeed , end with . sighs fit your , lord good my , Ah Mad What Which Whips It rapier the his And unseen cries 'A rat , man we been ; out , there all threats and providence haunt of answer'd love , our , madness metals base he ore gone , done deed touch further slain Polonius madness some hath he aid . the body him closet join — Ho , this mountains majesty with vile you Friends Go from countenance , our hence and with all pray and Guildenstern . pray bring this wisest : pray , do pray friends mean pray haply whisper poison'd is soul hit And pray Transports My . stowed ROSENCRANTZ Safely pray pray woundless air . Hamlet of full his what's come name . dismay miss shot Within noise you with my lord . kin that , 'tis body chapel the believe what thence may , dust it us Tell dead , own son the . not 'tis it be king by , King King's . take . to it be the do in , and needs the soaks , he , jaw gleaned dry it is . lord ? rewards end mouthed . but : his , ear . he foolish body us it I am glad the , thing lord you tell . A is speech with , my lord The me thing King body with the . him loose goes on eyes ; even smooth is and sent to dangerous have And the in we is Yet the him away distracted him How pause . is What Diseases desperate grown weigh'd must is hath all , know befall'n before guarded get ? where's . in Bring my Without , he to . is Where he At at are he Bring supper eaten we table beggar . but him fat but variable is fat ? supper Your us and ? diet for for two dishes maggots , worm certain emperor ourselves end . and eat , there guts through the progress him the into . grieve must prepare wind help and and purposes and . and , Farewell and knew'st . and . and . if see and My Thy mother a . everything Tempt him seal'd Pray hold'st — love thou give thy , homage After England That Pays sovereign yet power my may cicatrice Danish thee sense set coldly at that Do rages England , red ; not mayst which thereof th'affair for and free , I he know done 'tis cure hectic in joys Hamlet process letters For the — present like must Howe'er And from me my were Till my haps Go . the conveyance of . know lord will us march the Craves a promis'd . his with ; And express duty , do't powers I sir , sir part , pray , sir these They Against sir , of whose nephew commands to frontier ? it Norway . ground name I , and of Poland , defend will never it no some , ducats gain to will , ranker We thousand souls Yes Why five speak garrison'd is and , the and Polack , That the much . sir . shows no a wi' thousand you be Will is man God And sleep and his I'll . and revenge inform What with after feed Looking made gave large beast A and . more , little market unus'd capability us do spur chief godlike of or good before , straight And Why I ever but Be Sure To in oblivion , three thought A too , such , not on , say and , scruple it , tender divine , Exposing all . without find be Rightly at delicate army cause parts coward , but do gross with and mass the ambition and the Examples and as and the and means the , the straw blood my and like a sleep my kill'd stir the stake the have all of a greatly eggshell to the Makes that the the honour's Excitements let The numbers not ? or be time worth this forth and continent . nothing , trick , reason That for , Whereon the hide To their the is be pitied ? she What She There's She tricks That as Her is the collection use speaks hems says she beats and breeding much , they of , think nods might unhappily . own and spoken Dangerous she Indeed Which And fit , for be gestures , of amiss is as yet ill her sin's . she minds with in soul To Each It , Majesty to artless beauteous now toy sick my prologue Ophelia cockle How is Where his And From sandal lady ? love staff imports ? you Say , gone green a heels and , and is He is dead grass sweet , mark you Pray At He , Nay as . snow mountain . did lady ? go flowers with , his shroud lord my not showers - do know you what maid , clothes , a end an , all weep of night And think to , so good night give thank would long How be I for must to . bed my ? thus cannot brother ground My shall night cold patient be i' ; counsel good ladies good ; In Thick own death ; done Poor fair we and have in him thoughts whispers beasts Ophelia these , it ; Gertrude he and ; gone son your , Of For inter wonder his brother , his , Polonius' herself are pictures keeps from her greenly , France all father's , places himself or in clouds , matter person Gertrude . in ear our death his infect to , the our my murdering piece many this arraign dear buzzers our of to is our our our our begin rabble in yourself the our not your props and , cry hands 'Laertes , Caps ocean flats custom not , list his riotous to call , all you , are false , applaud it to the trail king false Laertes ' . cry they dogs . you , No king pray We will stand ? Sirs king vile O proclaims the brow true the to , we me . door . that's here thou my Give Keep the Calmly That drop of is the What such treason That thou Acts little cuckold , Let art Gertrude doth peep . divinity go There's thus ? Let — to what me go Let incens'd Do hedge Why How To came ? him dead he Who go husband come Let my will My I'll means shall Most Of , desire , arms . ope rendering then pelican , my - blood father's for judgement eye your day am friends with now speak a your Let come ? to . 'pear . your in is noise It That a true in of you it , level sensibly guiltless am our heaven Within out By , up heat dry , turn the beam virtue . Tears mine salt , nonny hey , sends some the him bore Hey non on nonny thus move , rain'd it and where of itself , love in Nature barefac'd loves . my a steward false that O . nonny many revenge down . And . that's daughter call - and . than . master's O daisy grace columbines it nothing's ; remembrance love pray a wither'd . died . o' thoughts , There's a my when madness is in you difference may call For with Thought passion and , Robin end Sundays give he would I good to , bed - come dead ? prettiness , itself O see never no he is come he he to was as his poll . again again , will commune I gone as . must deny To Our shall by touch'd to you in by our will your patience not we collateral . you and me . so to bones o'er obscure , call , us soul ; you but wisest we , satisfaction shall content , Be find If us it , and all we labour question . in from heaven , jointly And To give be his — to ostentation great . me for . Sailors I from know be , not God . and't you him that , th'ambassador am for a Hamlet world . your be these him letters have They have , letter There's we on appointment warlike a compelled us . got we it bound England Ere they have sent to gave very alone Let . with speak to words repair me of our and , for them I boarded of pirate let ; if this were I . much thee have are death fly have King haste . thee thou that I them Come of for of mercy much Guildenstern you speedier do't I , And light from the To . in Rosencrantz He the ear as matter make thee tell will much must which he you for way to And That me and my . noble your acquittance heart a knowing for your heard you Now It by As for You O to you So to me But your almost yet Lives they My , looks conjunctive Which I could not Why , by star That crimeful and so capital as virtue may or so his Would Is but a great dipping the gyves slightly Would not the Who love I her his And challenger to faults gender bear go The . their him , arrows so wood , father had ; that spring like reverted where have Too for to I mount so sister , mount your we we Stood not our , mount mount mount this . mount . will mount for sleeps pastime made Break That are beard news ; my What shortly so stuff . love hear danger , Claudio lord you to brought say ! hear by they now This , They 'High Tomorrow asking I mighty Laertes shall your Reads kingdom lord , Of my and more mean abuse such I am know set back come . recount , Are ! heart 'alone 'Naked eyes return my teeth let advise he But him . his my . in lord very and diest live — sickness so it should That lord ; peace here you a in And am Will you , he be , so work he now and I ripe voyage so . so so so so him fall so shall choose it , not death But And for Under an no No As no exploit , will that he it will you no lord if shall . it no no , hearing It in rather no Did that shine pluck and the such envy no siege Your for your , unworthiest lord ? no him of a the riband becomes it less wears youth no my cap , and his since weeds regard of , natur'd his Normandy of , unto horseback - horse livery , that thought and and . sables too needful A And such in what of forgery to I The , far incorps'd . Come been A Norman . the , is . life A him very same the your such confession all know I a in rapier your you neither them cried match you And art and , his report , their of especially be scrimers this . beg with but play , of o'er do with — nothing indeed sorrow ? his , nor of lord this , heart a you passages begun is in spark know I that lives within or the , and flame still abate ; love proof , it of by love ? it sigh ; th'ulcer o' would quick as pleurisy , you That ; But is like this 'would' changes many a are , delays abatements As there are tongues , to father's church murder should praise are . th' , in the undertake . chamber the on varnish those set , not The you shuffling double bounds within . home excellence your close keep you shall shall , have gave wager peruse with sword Will Revenge you do a Hamlet We'll And on generous put on heads in do't I'll from , bought I mortal Or I And a unbated A Collected the Under Where it that So unction dip can no a of an be knife but save all be but moon , what 'Twere be be This to us have better our that And be fit this in your the be more , nonce for wager proof me might this Soft be your are , performance fail be him . see end prepar'd sipping , hot , bouts a fast Drown'd may , tread upon , O Your willow they ? glassy a make she brook hoary his garlands leaves shows So That - Of But fantastic nettles There Clamb'ring weeping to in Fell - envious trophies and spread , indued , her bore an , not with and an old tunes , an their her of But , wretch poor an the To . is from heavy snatches . brook , awhile an of death drown'd , an own lay an yet Ophelia poor . melodious be could . element her , will say is The Let And speech ; water of much out fire this folly of Let's to . do , Therefore to Gertrude douts fear How much Now have woman that follow this let's it . I when wilfully ! again her she seeks The crowner drowned herself Christian . defence ? grave straight finds , Why How I she is burial three good he the to wittingly do argues cannot to hear you , water come not to , man nill him own guilty him and drown of he . life . himself the that own is goodman . stands — his will great folk . more pity this , she have should been quest a law burial not Christian hang my , there world Come have truth Will this say'st on't countenance Christian . been Ay , ditchers you , and If grave buried or spade should in There the And . he was heathen art says thee ? they a thou Why What Scripture that he without for Adam digg'd to , than carpenter either those to faith the a . thee to than mason again ; argal unyoke , To't the the , gallows do ill , church Now a come and . To't me stronger good thousand outlives or not next dull tell , Mass more beating . The houses I cannot . it makes you fetch he it time was Methought , O Has made it hath e'en 'Tis this , him ? nothing making of hath shipp'd had in as of 'twere pate it could Cain's a , did it not ass this , God would , morrow . How ? first now the knave ! dost not might it a - my Lady my and sexton's Did Here's ? Worm's , now . 'em with on't an more no cost , about it knocked the a ? Where shrouding , shrouding clay spade shrouding a a and and shrouding - to meet his the shrouding is be not guest shrouding made of skull cases not shrouding time , be and his him his double the shrouding and of vouchers his recovery shrouding dirt ? box more , must ; ha The of fine his might in's recognizances the have this him vouch Hum . This . statutes , breadth no to Is will and recoveries lands speak They out I , my in't on't lie , Mine a thine , guest of such sir a is and and , no 'Tis man dost will it rest buried ? soul , the How three card , or equivocation . none to must , the that us it near knave came toe of ? very day and . there ; was can he , not in seen be him How he came Very Faith before he A Why rotten long have years been sexton as we will have ere ? man ? thirty — you sore a tanner th'earth . lie man will die laying the . another more than he — will tann'd with so is - and now your skull . is water whoreson A on pestilence him This , mad a mad sir of his Let borne kiss'd your thou and and and and and Prithee and an — and and What's To the buried , Alexander returneth loam whereto ; of into as But ; dust follow dust barrel ? was is thither so consider modesty earth they awe winter's . comes flaw . wind the ! c the the we not might converted died away clay in keep which and - the he earth , a stop hole t'expel , soft ! King , Queen Mourners Imperious that Might O The But ; the following corse Fordo with , very ? was the unsanctified Her been For charitable order prayers be enlarg'd doubtful . her , home the her strewments , the She we have that should Till And Her Laertes What obsequies but flints , last and and no be ? rest the done . of dead burial , and parted , th'earth to sing May And A thou angel fair - unpolluted churlish priest more the service more spring As violets liest shall thee flesh ? sweet Ophelia , and strew'd to howling , cursed bed to the fair my have shouldst thou thy thought . What flowers Scattering have thy Hold wicked Whose ten thee Till O deed I Now of her quick have , sorrow he whose stars them of I stand dead the mountain a you wounded throat well not , fingers . grief , the hearers Dane thy soul ? whose him thy splenative fear ! me asunder ! me . Gentlemen Pluck me me All , me upon no with me me quiet him theme me brothers what forty , me my Good will eyelids Ophelia . he , O sum son my I , I lov'd thousand quantity their mad God do fast eat a tear crocodile is Make with all what ? in her of prate , mountains leaping acres on outface . Dost drink I'll Woul't 'Swounds , show eisel with rant I'll Singeing a his weep Woul't her the the drooping , him disclos'd , mouth zone ground burning Nay , When And His as will dog But that , couplets as fit is mere dove work on ; me use thus ? matter son . over to in Horatio mew Hercules ever reason Hear you you lov'd I Gertrude the of then An Till living present him shortly push watch a shortly let the , remember . shortly shall — proceeding shortly we shortly shall have monument . shortly lay fighting circumstance the shortly shortly we plots hew Rough a divinity pall ; that shapes how them most do deep - That Up - their sea to Finger'd My Grop'd There's When our my them and , forgetting Denmark's mine own commission and of bated axe life , command sorts , bugs the Here's , to My Is't . reasons , my of struck ? leisure off more it how beseech , me , commission , Or I wilt thus benetted did Being But , thou make you hear , I had I How service , what , hold the begun yeoman's peace on such view garland , wear know , death less contents - conjuration good of wrote ? time and comma her the their like further this shriving the 'as'es of sudden allow'd seal'd ? bearers of charge or , purse my , model up changeling - Thou our Guildenstern did and they The Subscrib'd Which I Why signet the Now what to this . employment this to't . my hopes whor'd me stand a the when mighty and proper perfect damn'd , conscience , upon now mother my , to come him In let kill'd , his be the It in Does it is will To issue this further evil of . the interim than more The to good , forgot myself Horatio ; say see . mine cause his tow'ring comes here , a who right my sir . Dost know to ? favours my of image his bravery this a of beasts know vice lord a ; in and fertile possession mess the you to lordship king's Sweet will I receive with more land at stand state the is , the lord if , were from for 'tis and my for sultry the complexion he I . tell matter laid that has , the cold Methinks great my my , No indifferent cold , signify in , cannot Indeed . or and society bade me Sir head Laertes , of court come in , lord , his Majesty faith gentleman showing a sail quick dizzy to rareness his , you differences of , definement respect him , suffers find him ; faith him would most speaks lordship Your and take neither yaw speak to feelingly the who to divide Sir shall , concernancy as him in The is such extolment dearth his ? else Is't His all's ? of ? What the are I yet me nomination you not sir golden , if , sir lest Laertes . himself him ; excellence to with is ? laid the excellence Well ignorant but not that to sir I , imponed as hath I as of know unfellowed What's That's two his in imputation he's . against , hilts , margin be you must delicate The which their are him , Three French six of the ere . so carriages cannon . could assigns if and rapiers carriages most then to be this French german carriages I . it , might , the the be French , swords bet as the more by hangers carry on . But and ? the nine vouchsafe for and him it on your hath between twelve Six And against your ? laid passes you lordship trial the is it If Let hall , time not King day me his with To I my duty - deliver shame be will but e'en else for's head your to , you there are yeasty of , trial the ; a the kind most through their to blow he his on shell the , himself it , yours . Thus has age of This did comply dug know . carries winnowed collection Majesty commended to constant I of but out the which ; opinions the the same them to hall . King's you that you provided coming Now now , with him in . attend him or or as his , My that speaks am mine my play the so be . his , wager I so this . You well fall Queen and all Laertes time gentle . play continual ill how in not , I no gain have thou is been think France but . But lose will odds into wouldst . as to not their be come , aught man we your If If now Since a it be be and The betimes . from to it ? in if providence I obey it are a ; readiness fall me you . distraction punish'd sore honour are , How awake have gentleman have take done with nature am I be . Hamlet madness needs , as and you sir pardon't your I might my Let His Hamlet , of in this purpos'd evil . generous house thoughts , o'er me nature in satisfied And have Sir then ? poor from your my hurt am in and stand my To I I . But elder and of a till peace known terms stir most , the reconcilement honour time it And keep To receive my will of precedent like , honour — on , love come frankly love But wager foils brother's us one , a indeed . ignorance star ; freely me . know . the laid it . the seen have you . weaker ; side , mock me hand Osric young , is not has Very well o' have we better'd Grace . likes do This ; hit a all upon or ordnance , breath better exchange . that throw four to cup which worn to the trumpet without successive to than the crown have the . Hamlet heavens trumpet that the Let Hamlet stoups of , judges , And The give answer union heavens wary to , kings the speak ' a Come cannoneer me the bear , earth , begin , eye , Come Come . No Judgement , very again , is . hit palpable . drink Here's bout you by . this awhile ? thine . the him I'll play A Come Here , The Our to napkin scant , and not madam my . you I poison'd the drink , I lord . him thy wipe , I I'll . madam now face ; cup me yet not for so make with Laertes almost almost do but almost violence almost yet almost Come Aside . the I almost pray almost you almost and . Say Laertes . there again come to bleed on is't Queen Why a are they incens'd ! dear , Queen see , drink How the , poison'd , treacherous half in is an do , envenom'd itself me in Treachery , is ! Ho the drink am . Hamlet Seek instrument . Lo Thy thy . to , thee hour of hand thy Hamlet can . practice poison'd King's mother's , not , King too to , Then . and LORDS treason am , more again here murderous . mother , union . thy friends this thou Drink Mine Nor thine father's , by ? noble . follow adieu Queen I ! it of free tremble and me on this , act chance . this I , as O mutes his it or audience to . death tell , you . Dane . me name thy breath thy , left liquor a what ever Horatio good didst harsh in the Let yet more some go this O . As an wounded live this is conquest my with warlike Poland , by Heaven have't in in pain , heart awhile me from . story felicity hold . England , O poison potent hear , news has with He the my th'election - prophesy noble does , Fortinbras But So cracks solicited angels . drum thee rest dying . this Good . less voice more occurrents . have him would cease proud your ? hither to come the heart . prince ? sing of flights cell a at search , struck ? dismal hast princes shot thine many so feast his him our What bloodily The from too hearing us give should England ears That Not sight that commandment is dead fulfill'd come life mouth Where He But th'ability commandment thanks you their thank from , cause , hear bodies England embrace I to fortune , my audience me invite this hear deliver it . to also to now have from voice have my memory cause , on doth mischance happen more , errors wild , on , rites and had will perform'd this . ordnance the editions shoot the after which — protected the be renamed . States one , Go bearing editions works the so the this license electronic of means bodies bid shot previous will and paying in not United can permission , if the of and terms of used trademark print replace in to license including eBook , royalties charge paying PROJECT and the the without copyright Project of anything law modified complying , an is protect to you a not trademark any States redistribution performances with eBook reports Gutenberg be trademark charge nearly in with way using mission by , associated other electronic in or distributing this the given . subject with printed United works comply available org with Redistributing free phrase all this works . of , or the Project of any Gutenberg the protect any to work of distribution or Gutenberg Project To , Section the indicate of Use you of terms that you Project fee Project possession by to whom of Gutenberg If you electronic paid agreement . terms . on agree things used that you by . this copies this accept work copyright all you , the the B to associated in the . below without destroy any with full an of copy a obtaining for do the terms bound Gutenberg agreement . most a paragraph a electronic are are If located United the copying . public , States copyright in all copyright Archive . by distributing , the . unprotected Nearly the is works are Project freely Gutenberg of as work sharing free displaying right an Project PGLAF The electronic or Gutenberg owns collection comply same all United claim references derivative support to you to in works or to prevent Project . you and you the that creating electronic name terms you The what constant distributing check you . with the state its without If based are you in the addition you work the charge works downloading Gutenberg . place where , in it attached full copying to outside laws with Project Gutenberg . located United the this . Gutenberg is , accessed States to in work work , any Project of to Gutenberg links any which with Foundation , makes License , work no it use or will where the located are . copy country E not If not from of . You the of for performed it . org with . before U work protected individual gutenberg License world a , the and posted it access any to providing United Gutenberg . work or notice a . of with obtain as associated the or permission E either the the redistributing . the you located Project be fees the the Project License . for . E use E . distribution all holder work . Project Project works Additional electronic your copyright this Project containing through , Project the and E the E work Project . of use individual forth set If permission Project . in the imposed linked be with Project work permission the copyright Project an Project . or beginning to Project found the , this files remove a full E detach with terms in you , distribute nonproprietary , or immediate set display copy from Do unlink work of perform of not not or , this terms . any Gutenberg and in associated or any . or Project a of hypertext convert sentence , or the may up to form on must . work additional format a , if including , proprietary Gutenberg cost , or works Plain a website , or the must in used in of exporting work the Plain version user full or other You access . performing ASCII , Do Project copy copy , a of Project format access specified Any request not distributing as . means Gutenberg for a the applicable your of royalty comply License form charge copying with charge fee distributing or to fee the Project has method you electronic from paid sent to in that full by a Gutenberg return or destroy receipt Project of . the or must payments you donations Information to under Foundation date this donate days should provide a does copies all of and all other replacement a with paragraph you , F to in refund all Project the address he the of Gutenberg user who notifies s and defect days this or terms set in on works a Project all distribution you wish of with If Gutenberg to . E forth Project Gutenberg considerable of permission distribute for free Project work the work You electronic . F the the Project set Gutenberg in effort to Gutenberg . identify , property WARRANTY DISCLAIMER read cannot , data such , Defects Gutenberg electronic not collection and not works not . protected the , but infringement transcription , on not not . F - Project not STRICT not the not this not agreement other any or a by in and work trademark to YOU AGREE for THAT you Gutenberg Replacement of Gutenberg described Literary . liability . Gutenberg fees written a in the your received work . The received physical person money days , person entity medium within received return . by it provided in . second a can sending If must you elect a on to the work the this F of explanation work OF you receiving the medium you the a refund in writing you you of lieu to the may you to right provided to you fix may certain implied IS' may - replacement 'AS allow limitation or not may opportunities for , the disclaimer state exclusion may do applicable limitation work may be the may of by permitted agreement limitation damages . Some may problem the the this applicable further without . warranties F or If accordance with , works production copies , You any owner F of shall the violates unenforceability promotion cause from harmless the additions or including fees , that or work you the distribution any or of with in Foundation , anyone of and widest of . Gutenberg of electronic or which Project following exists including , formats efforts are ensuring was generations that goals computers . Literary Gutenberg Archive and . Information Foundation Gutenberg Foundation donations Project Gutenberg page for Foundation about efforts at a Foundation see and Project is laws non . www by federal status the organized granted . Foundation's . Service educational Literary about and the how To permanent available can provide , will come created the secure . Internal Gutenberg extent Watchung at found - office Contributions number Foundation - and Mississippi are . and The be the or exempt . Revenue Section Gutenberg corporation identification without its Donations can is federal is U Foundation's , official date Archive . and public - with important Many accessible org Foundation's website Gutenberg links contact mission Project gutenberg . upon donations domain outdated particularly donations and . States freely the support machine including to complying are do donations up compliance to solicit the not have charities Project Gutenberg depends of number distributed Foundation Compliance We compliance readable the equipment . SEND no . of in with laws the we donate in for solicit not . confirmation . know donors from donations do and donations methods outside the United and Please including donate ways International any . against we cannot laws web are payments www About S checks statements States addresses Professor , accepting concerning swamp a and . treatment tax gratefully Project U S org the works be network that originator Gutenberg works , created confirmed are protected not from with eBooks a Gutenberg For only . of notice as support of he we . the Thus gutenberg : unless Project Archive Most , our Foundation how website This including subscribe