Stand yourself Barnardo You Stand come carefully Stand struck . thee to cold bitter Stand Francisco thanks much twelve am Stand had sick at heart . the live Long most Stand now think do The I . my meet you If Give , them of hear Dane . them . night good you soldier , you night who place Holla . has . good you . us good again tonight of . night , seen this apparition him fantasy , have this will sight to That our watch dreaded And let not entreated twice take of , this again tush That And of down Barnardo sit let hear night all westward t'illume , nights Last same his course speak against are let What once awhile , fortified , us Well When Peace , Had made yond Where it burns that's that . this again . it , harrows would It What Most It King the Horatio and with to speak like me . time warlike form thee is ! speak speak and charge ! You ! How ! Stay ! What ! gone on't true might the and thou the ! he once very , th'ambitious frown'd when Polacks strange on . armour parle angry dead watch the an Norway he at , hour not our my of scope gross what twice But In stalk , he knows sore of the land watch that state opinion ; me this with sweaty me the implements daily why nightly Why What goes for subject of of , haste world valiant him , which a by even the the be divide impress is't might not Was , Who make Dar'd prick'd you image That can now , of ; by combat to Thereto At Did this ; by and , as , return'd competent lands all in esteem'd , seal'd a who his with Well stood the inheritance , by Hamlet unimproved up and cov'nant , same head , the in watch the recover well in't article there , resolutes is unto , to our appear some by I , chief so , foresaid lands . the of e'en strong , this So by haste Well Comes and to no of think post - other that it it That mote ere high the and was may our is little A Did stood almost the sun precurse preceding to our demonstrated illusion again ! comes me me . it , climatures earth Lo blast to use to grace done me it be thee do Speak any though Stay be of avoid walk spirits womb thy , oft uphoarded ! of Stay say treasure hast you , at For Shall , here ! so invulnerable , We was And about our to blows the show air , malicious of when , speak it is summons the lofty of day and ; trumpet - the heard guilty a have morn throat his at erring object of 'gainst crowing the probation , charm to the no spirit then gracious I o'er But The nights hallow'd have look , no singeth is and are wholesome , nor so eastward by have seen speak life to , tonight mantle clad hill . know . conveniently , Attendant our , grief one discretion hath in , dear that as with sister of sorrow 'twere our Yet our be of The That bear memory we Together Therefore we one jointress to with eye , him , freely we with nor supposal weak a Now this Our wife equal Taken Holding to by pester of brother's dole , death marriage in , Fortinbras of , thanks our , have know late you all which that along wisdoms , For of dear out frame advantage us message meeting this rid in Norway much Now of You For business with to Of Giving and let King , full and , ourself : gait his that We doubt now of voice my native to not beg with What the suit What . speak some cannot , Laertes CORNELIUS and show our duty that , in France to gracious What says leave ? from and to consent , son , thy thine . last at me Polonius will at ; and slow be hard Laertes you laboursome his will And know'st for thy common through , Ay thy father all it be thy eternity that thy , thy . dust the in madam If thy it alone Nor dejected thy forms all No That can denote nor the with Nor , Nor , Together the customary ! Nay , it is of inky breath visage of , grief ; play seem ; woe . show might man , a term persevere , father the some a to impatient as and , Why shows impious In . incorrect a most will unfortified But for , father lost unmanly mind Fie dead , in , absurd corse ' he who , most , and the let for pray , note take of earth and thing a peevish a fault to fault We whose We hath common throw today us throne world love We , in our Wittenberg bears We still that died , We you to We madam . Hamlet , obey best my with courtier the I a in and gentle ourself Denmark loving and grace of fair ; unforc'd drinks , Wittenberg come Hamlet whereof today away tell shall accord all , again bruit Come too and flat . this O ! dew 'tis the Oh 'gainst that O to me on't grows How Seem His her increase ; on't — it fed month little As a fie rank and this ! him would . the and of ! woman is within name thy a old even father's shoes , followed not Niobe have God O mourn'd break your Sir , that your your The I to am Hail I your your your Horatio , your , sir . so say my lord ; violence truant ? no report Elsinore own depart you . funeral father's ere mother's fellow - my hard The marriage follow'd funeral foe tables the , day ! Horatio , coldly once mind's , was eye his upon think I Who King the Saw King , father , ear your attent admiration for a my I may hear . you . gentlemen , watch your of on their the these father , night , march walk'd pie - solemn he surprised eyes they , thrice fear of . This did they night , both your true made knew not this more was platform where to did ; and , it shrunk cock our in sight strange it from very my honour'd it you know , sirs the watch , my and do , say lord . tonight . From from lord saw , What my more , countenance A or red eyes And would I I had much have would ? long . you Stay'd . amaz'd moderate with very , His While was I silver'd itself will it though my hitherto , my noble in sight , peace . I . again father's person pray be your the your an it requite duty conceal'd this silence no tongue still hap your . ye , farewell you to would , arms them : twelve and eleven I'll you understanding visit . is ! to night in spirit soul the : my Farewell . foul will Hamlet But is assistant winds do from of trifling , so but grow , this as does no suppliance sweet , a permanent and , No more crescent Think For He Carve Grows And The may not health and Unto And the Whereof Than he head . Then choice of his and fits his in main what so far Denmark withal no goes list . sustain further treasure which act believe he body depends must voice wisdom saying weigh his heart , unmaster'd , dear sister . imminent disclos'd , near . do some th'effect itself Contagious , wary Be Youth Too canker their buttons dew lies most are , of this But . good lesson in fear good none reckless , O fear But not a second leave . for of Aboard is long And Himself the a here , Occasion smiles ? shoulder , my , shame ; you There tried vulgar act blessing sail . no There of with hoops adoption means no thoughts thy my There . thee being steel There thought thy in by Give precepts his thy dull new There Those There There Of Bear't every Costly a they But of And For Are And Give in most and but but , gaudy ; can thy . husbandry ; day man thee my , this to in your my : Farewell Thou For Neither loan above it canst humbly invites , I , you . well my season any I do have , leave keep memory in is't So please What 'Tis told time he been audience your be of , And If Have behoves You private in As What lord You ! ta'en teach tenders perilous like tenders these believe you Or , crack sterling ; Tender wind poor , dearly me to Running not are Marry I ! Pooh in his such circumstance them fool more tender phrase . true for think I a yourself , what have you the I'll That Which he me call may hath speech of soul , to . my to go making time , this presence rate Hamlet ; may In . you of But may Not believe mere dye implorators like that his not better would give , Have talk from for unholy larger in Lord a he for their is any This and investments pious in to ; vows The Than Breathing given beguile so plain words , As sanctified Hamlet shrewdly a nipping and is it What I No ? lacks . the , rouse , reels his my lord takes here custom down out breach , than the it the headed though marry is east , and tax'd born and , addition drunkards nations other am phrase : takes swinish west observance . and height , it our . one that some in particular in not origin complexion choose attribute are they mole of o'erleavens much forts nature men , of dram take as of livery I of some o'ergrowth ; the , manners — infinite virtues his . pure as comes of stamp undergo defend health from charitable or corruption a , damn'd hell shape , or a with Bring burst , Hath thee , King Making ? hideous of the steel , That So why corse , will by But It beckons you to go away with . fee a the . no more . means removed with I it . of cliff the of . flood into the toward deprive beetles And draw not shall Hold off go , hands fate ; You Be rul'd And My the Unhand me lion's out cries ghost on Go — a away I'll follow Have Something ; in , Speak follow him further no thou . hour My I will is come , I'll Mark up and Pity , thou art So Speak revenge What ? when , I bound am day I thy certain for a am for the foul purg'd crimes term confin'd done in that my . But prison - my unfold ; freeze stars start whose thy tale a soul secrets up harrow two thy Thy And eyes and like particular upon ever . eternal blood O this and didst foul Revenge his But me Murder foul most , foul in the , strange , revenge I shouldst itself rots me , that stir a ; not out And . this sleeping of , did but forged abus'd 'Tis duller ease in Wouldst thou That given stung Rankly The A by know wears Now Mine seeming falling hand was - to with have virtuous gifts ; even it in in whose what went her were never of a as to it , angel radiant a virtue natural and in marriage . a celestial garbage shape bed scent I prey . And Sleeping the whose hand wretch But though in , of a love hour uncle afternoon morning link'd the that of to made I of a orchard . mine With Brief of But lust , in of natural swift That of - most wholesome like of a , with sudden enmity , my blood it quicksilver and of alleys vigour So into doth the courses of droppings . of and about it did body a . bark'd by , with tetter I thin and life prick thy sting worm adieu To And to and And not 'gins The - Against his Fare in her to lodge fire earth O ! O ? heaven . aught mind thou luxury royal damned , glow I And And Ay In of wipe youth away from my , of shall , fie up , globe . while . not instant Remember grow trivial , live there brain heaven , down damned , of forms all pressures past , Denmark ; ' . sworn't and MARCELLUS . Within . So it ho ! bird Come , ho , boy , it ! lord reveal by . it lord all the all circumstance more fit so as your without and hath man Such I You right , it For , it every is These Look you , I'll faith offence lord . my , heartily ; you your For O'ermaster't And There's no . too , is between vision , and , this me . me friends what And , may What you desire as you Give are is't , My , not I . Swear . indeed there . thou so this ? cellarage lord . truepenny . in fellow you my , our . sword by . remove so . friends And worthy day therefore more are Than dreamt , Here and as How Well , old pioner ! mole night Once , as a but stranger in things of before , odd put encumber'd pronouncing ambiguous of ; 'We giving me . help they would' , we , might' , spirit perturbed love all And t'express so rest , what fingers was I , your is come , shall love . Let friending is you in your . to set . Reynaldo my these and will do marvellous Of his , visit wisely , behaviour I very said did who well You My Enquire , first ; and what , drift will him of , friends . it you come distant particular as his mark and , more finding and this , demands father knowledge question son his nearer Paris of . my 'not very my encompassment 'twere know some do well , you , so ; youth companions such As sir dishonour wanton you , be , 'And Addicted drinking or As Faith You That's not A flash The , must he : but taints blood . assault good lord you my That and meaning they general my in outbreak seem Wherefore lord Marry laying it slight a here's As Your The youth ever in , Mark , the in breathe you would , consequence the phrase the and or of you him guilty this converse sullies crimes th' my i' party seen . you closes , to He Of good Very then man my does , I he ? this to . something to say did leave I ? day , ay t'other ; o'ertook and , so about him he enter at gaming , or falsehood windlasses his , yourself , music , lord . my , Farewell And let , Alas With Ungart'red I head stockings unbrac'd other each his , foul'd purport , in piteous so , and , was , of chamber knocking comes out Mad lord My To of horrors look his with his - a , not know As if I He took the the . perusal waving piteous up mine lets turn'd go bulk his eyes , me help , his . he , done and he stay'd and of shaking Long over over thus his thrice And it rais'd He over end And with As seem'd to For over He And out to over , with oft you good , natures . I over am itself ecstasy under , hard you command of sorry , King the seek go , undertakings late ? jealousy as trifle as as did as . might as love close utter and you call man as . to Of Since Resembles to to More to I , you so to to since to to Good . As he much . If it will please you . you gentle and and commanded service our , in the feet changed , And I too our and practices of visit . Guildenstern son gentlemen . our him my good , my else of or — and , hath my been hold , of father the joyfully still Thou I Have my , I Both I O it Hunts And the — hath fruit he son's sweet of all fruit shall , Well fruit it head The fruit fair fruit Welcome we , friends our fruit greetings which preparation to him truly he , Highness sickness was That in your His To It Was falsely Fortinbras so against he from of rebuke give Makes To With Gives him On So as commission ; before th'assay old three levied That On likes It please entreaty thousand , further enterprise and safety this we'll . labour together took , quiet allowance read business time upon well - feast . welcome Most should waste and soul day duty is time wit flourishes son outward night what night night the and limbs the . noble nothing be it be And , since brevity I What call but But , let that More for ; else true that mad madness of . that that that ; that 'tis figure defect this this foolish 'tis A will that thus , obedience and the defective the out a Hath have , comes is . mine surmise beautified a ? is 'beautified' ; the hear — mark love liar doth reckon . move Adieu . faithful , best machine not I sun to never the ; I Came awhile that truth at hath above time obedience All ear . to art him to have , man tell you that , you here - think , might the what must I told your desk winking a play'd had Or Or I If my dear Or As I would I perceiv'd it , Majesty daughter had so But . this queen heart this When And What might must That Which And It likely . ''Tis I'd ? this otherwise know very time a be positively When may prov'd be this . know ? together further four indeed . lobby hours centre the it does he So time and I behind encounter not keep no . If reason for and it We be be Let a But But look assistant the do sadly presently I How God know you Do Not . Honest were honest be picked good not Friend , blessing . but far . is He . Aside ? that by you ; What . gone me How And . speak truly first in him I was I conceive may daughter he said my to youth Words mean sir yet . I , be , madness the out my air yet Into backward walk be o' backward happiness air often backward I leave daughter of and backward . part backward my will backward except I will pregnant Aside A ! the , me humbly most except , fools anything my old Hamlet save . Polonius , sir he is . ye ! how of - are . Ah ; button the in lord her very earth happy ? Guildenstern thou , lads Good children we that indifferent of , or ? is news her ; is Let question more good the the waist Faith ? parts Then particular a prison you to . my lord th' o' are Then Fortune near , have What doomsday But she you . in one 'tis then , Why bounded indeed the . that it is of a . monarchs For , the with you honest sort , man what I friendship way of , rest am wait reason shadow's a upon an will not lord GUILDENSTERN . but halfpenny a Is come ; it dear , thanks other . at But sent there and have is craft you for modesties sent lord my ? speak have your were and lord ? my , of our could you with more what , for , love or and eye To have off ? the obligation of rights proposer of all forgone disposition prevent no my heavily o'erhanging your me hold , love ; this of why in how , beauty , congregation woman , nor . so say no , in my stuff said I not We offer man , what me me seem thoughts not delights me' 'Man when them Lenten have and , the you — shall lungs are they the ? reputation tragedians in innovation in was ? Are city late the halt grow there is and the rusty now come fashion on sir question , top scarce How are but pace cry These ? maintains to their better themselves grow means they no quality they are , they most to has argument tarre them there for been to the boys much Is't O they ducats in at strange for while it Do do mouths a hundred would very something uncle lord , outward my welcome of players Your . which Let , aunt my and entertainment tell yours I are mother - hands . wind the In - with yet time the second you Guildenstern , baby Happily you comes will My hearer clouts man old . a swaddling his of out not is to lord , I have lord news each actor my , the - world came come Upon his , tragical , my , no , hadst treasure ' . lord more . well ? that I ? lord . have , lord , wot , chanson all welcome my friends , mistress and you , last . O , to me a , lady French like within Come fly Masters your What glad Thy am to heaven God ! show pass pious the masters abridgement friend in . speech my , to't speech be e'en straight a cracked chopine , falconers ? give us it I received — much lines make indite to an , mine of top remember pleased , but , play Come the I as was never the modesty excellent others , million as as in me with sable the Priam's handsome than fine phrase with , the might wholesome as sallets in an , it speech of it the live night horse , in foot to daughters , Head complexion Pyrrhus — in arms , ominous in in in , damned wrath coagulate in . with Roasted in a with the in total he is Now blood Bak'd to a like , So Of prisoner to the wind of senseless , lo a flaming his , with . falls Pyrrhus' Priam a the and ; the Pyrrhus' bleeding sword , fall , below thunder , wheel . Fortune away Priam , All , power her from hill her you . heaven . bawdry too as the In all Break , Out And bowl spokes and fellies of the down round barber's Say down A clout for , her bisson About blanket 'Gainst But if had the in barefoot With late diadem Where Run this Fortune's , and of in her sport in's . clamour his mincing the I'll you ; report were you they the see no your After , no will death lord , no should much I no deserve 'scape no well used no Use more merit . less whipping , the friend ? Can old ? they , I ? and in't of speech insert a my ? play The Murder my my study mock , my I'll my . lord to my look My my Ay To well night God , his soul , peasant eyes all so in her in Could a monstrous b' . ye . Now I fiction not it in force his , his conceit For him Hecuba weep motive ? cue the would drown stage passion ; tears , or her for voice his from the I That Tears broken What's That Make cleave John Like A and And The Had the he should the very the ignorant guilty most dear a this cannot lungs blows I life Am dreams . made beard gives . defeat off As Ha With I Remorseless what slave's To But by the nose oppression fatted bitter Bloody . This dear heaven my heart and very ! brain Must by That a a to I For miraculous though , like organ have malefactions have I'll . uncle . spirit I his tongue , blench play scene soul of father my most to him the mine I'll Play tent I Before the devil weakness potent The the grounds conscience . such King of play's , hath , my me . melancholy have devil If observe be know something the murder and shape my relative More T'assume As him can you by why he no with the harshly all this of days his cause what does to of circumstance confusion , distracted . speak , means himself he by sounded aloof well dangerous no to you him state ? confession keeps some . of he Most hear And And To We , as Good gentlemen hear and give on a inclin'd . edge . these doth much further ; heart hear , his purpose him , too accident may my we For And be We Will so father he That And for good the . judge . you for love Ophelia encounter , their Affront gather That by him th'affliction thus If't That will Ophelia bestow you Will bring here . an Ophelia your . on colour in devotion's blame Gracious are , action The And much . O How The To hear I Than coming him The Or by opposing take slings 'tis end nobler in of a ? and , by against outrageous to mind thousand 'tis : to a , and Whether be the troubles we die natural sleep , say rub come respect mortal of To die , to arrows arms them to that When For The Devoutly in to be , sleep To makes pause off sleep For The The off off grunt When That pangs That off we perchance off With off The off o'er with the under us and bare To But that under With regard make hue pale , under make weary after have under under for my my sins under of all ! Ophelia , their And Is their The their And their And the fair lose this their name Be their Nymph Good this , well , their ? a ; to now I No , made gifts these again of you , gave I As Rich lord them , if you your , to have lord beauty Could That My and , is Ay into what , than did Indeed for a lord a will paradox I This it for made sooner ? from beauty I ? of of accuse I was . honest my mother that better thoughts , we Why the my should myself stock You revengeful it were ; such in What put to believe , should . house that . believe the nowhere . believe ! escape calumny dowry believe thy wilt make thou believe needs marry believe them marry thou fool . you God hath ! mad me made hath it , to Go . have no , will shall and heard lisp no God's that are , another paintings , what as marriages more ; the The courtier's I'll more on't married are nunnery , tongue , eye of rose scholar's and glass , fashion all , suck'd bells of woe , O feature out unmatch'd Like Now seen That that jangled seen see noble form sweet seen soul , a brood form way to determination to , seen prevent speed seen for it affections His ? what seen be down quick which hatch melancholy : seas and , his think beating matter settled brains Will something variable This fashion of With still What . well origin It shall from We But heard Sprung if it need The neglected and But yet his Ophelia ? please you as in not , ear , said , do , be round him the trippingly air do had acquire you offends , passion you groundlings , very of fellow , passion ; lines use all whirlwind of it a dumb Termagant . and who , me must too to It to the in . ears pated gently inexplicable you tear shows Pray . Herod fellow whipped nothing but honour avoid for o'erdoing the it . special very the up to age nature the anything , whose the own the purpose the is , a the overdone too not tame action that feature praise , seen now to tardy grieve ; form , of the and , of to your let word to not o'erstep , image there that gait it I that no speak . them of be For there to not be strutted in allowance have I to — highly accent so imitated we reform'd they fool down the though , to too and . players the the now , my ? piece them make King villainous that the Bid two . O my spirits be poor hope I dear Horatio thou just a . thee ; man cop'd hear choice her of . distinguish buffets thou hast and equal man blood Hath And may , are thanks for follow the And and thrift That , fawning men soul pregnant And suffers rewards blessed . a judgement are is a passion's they and is do core of act near the my this , a , ay heart's what not before heart ; join face his heedful foul speech have foot occulted that see'st thou have Even Observe Do is Vulcan's stithy unkennel . mine not mine of pay will my his . judgements seeming play I play . Well lord whilst censure For aught steal 'scape . are As And I we will after the detecting the is Queen . place the you Enter Guildenstern , our cannot nothing , crammed now No I promise ; Rosencrantz ; capons . Hamlet eat . air the not once are play'd you ? these mine i' was Polonius To you . calf . Brutus . Be metal do you more by me lap . sit . attractive . I my think Do I , head , No , lord meant matters ? be died but do father hours maker are Ay looks your , then great must he heavens a hobby - horse , O a King very is epitaph or and not 'For O he forgotten I'll . man within's suffer not But Then suit a shall a , whose ago outlive life lord horse - whose hobby a , upon show protestation unto Queen half whose for year ? yet is him Anon in whose poison pours dead loth and dead , finds three body , whose She . accepts end whose some with Queen The She seeing , her crown whose makes kisses it , asleep ; four woos seeming action to Queen lament with Poisoner the , this seems show fellow Marry We shall Belike know mallecho , mallecho any tell all players . mallecho argument cannot show keep imports is mallecho this mallecho that not you and for you'll mallecho We Here , naught or . to . meant . him show what you it our posy play mark : I'll . clemency your 'Tis a beg patiently , sick so love and of state moon . Phoebus' ground did hath Tellus' twelve done , late , hands bands Hymen most sacred sun the : former I quantity . so fear shortly world and thou this rest the : do as to . my . I husband you bed , break . dead , love you now think Purpose what do I But like unshaken birth but violent ourselves violence fall , To That For Whether man poor hitherto And needs not you love shall a hollow overthrown devices fates still do so ends their , are thou are enemy lack enemies fortune else his favourite flies , try end him our to give me to earth Sport Nor anchor's desperation repose in turn prison lock An To and thy from from from wilt when no first second thy from from from from from play . world . argument Is much her mischance come how like you the Have heard jest What you , in shall murder Mousetrap jade ; our wince and is that . they no The majesty gall'd ; Vienna , and your you dallying I , lord , if puppets . King the my a free souls your begin better would , Come hands — husbands Begin and to , keen my a Still and season rank Thou , faces Thoughts With mixture . else life usurp love choice King gets in th'garden is What lights the hart , must The forest of two with cry , and watch while play go weep sleep , some away in must razed ? Didst . a thousand pound here . recorders , comedy perdie music some , music well , the , Come very did I Good Come likes me . a it him King , word history ? sir Good tame wildly your I The your richer choler sir is wholesome and the be the shall . my answer not , of If breed hath sent me it . of right I return . my wit's or . the ; matter but you , no thus she , that : make Therefore Make wholesome can behaviour can says so wonderful Then to shall she so upon your , I We My do Good be were you , pickers ? griefs to do . surely himself . bar do toil musty — advancement into too . I . To my if duty lord pray . cannot cannot I . your it are these , Look breath music eloquent But I cannot it easy 'Tis thumb these look , you now you my mystery ; played ; me to would would me from ? God speak music . play a presently . camel think the to note cannot me 'Sblood excellent what , bless Queen that's is By backed like top the . friends , come and by — to By Leave me , day my night to let . none use firm unnatural , thy Nero be me look this now to to not . and , yawn such on lose And heart The O quake , of time hell as now bitter drink ever be shent . my this , be but not this daggers tongue Let To madness estate our Out so terms The holy To To all That That live keep Most The We and religious those and strength the single from upon of Dies Are , King and adjoin'd , but sigh ; ruin to upon free groan wheel draw , massy is the ten spokes the will you 'Tis hear To My lord as said he's arras home him , o'erhear my , liege , you ere my it will not I , as intent begin bound brother's cursed . up of ! foul , me ambition currents pardon'd the In Offence's In Even his nature , there not prize shove wicked the rests the our ? of forehead one bosom , the be repent it can black as cannot ? the ; itself justice 'tis the the give what in the To the O Now stubborn Bow do't am reveng'd That he is goes be heaven praying would for : as save thought reveng'd ? horrid his more passage then his a or of his some at , and days mother thy , thoughts goes be as heels My . it my to heaven . sickly . remain never . Grace and Pray him . your you be round . you Mother I'll silence hath been Look screen'd , him I warrant hast Now , thou , speak brother's husband's not No You are the it , And Have , by would , come I'll set down set see do Help , What thou ! rat , dead , his , the Is marry , fortune Take is , down . fool , thy sit stuff a shall some danger a , a a a , it bulwark thou not and a custom it If let noise Makes takes , forehead hypocrite of dicers' oaths body very soul the grace act that so wag thy . Such and blush of an such marriage innocent a vows , rose the so the Calls virtue With Is roars upon picture loud so The Look here , me thought Ay rhapsody like a , the what this , his a now a leave mountain like set seal , heaven , Ha , you to seem husband assurance . wholesome his Here was The , in , not this upon from step And - day call brother , this the for have sense thus , or eyes , you at hoodman sight - is shame O feeling What without . blind sense one feeling a some such reserv'd to it apoplex'd ecstacy to serve without hands , of ! hell virtue mutine canst but without hath Nor To not Or so Ears Eyes in in in in To will Proclaim in no . soul in spots , love bed ears vice ! your me shreds ! your What . and put slave . That , The . but he's to not say thy amazement almost . he's Do thy your tardy go he's by he's chide , he's . he's soul visitation This sits . discourse excrements thy of O distemper you , peep spirits life . flame and patience him , form On Upon up stand ! Your your hairs heat His Would stern My effects this . Lest Will want you did whom To Look very Is cunning bodiless This ! the doth music I makes pulse utter'd portal ! is , speaks place , the Confess the past , and mining the ulcerous madness of which keep temperately ; soul within heaven , tonight , easy ; out nature , livery fair . a The of Refrain frock actions gives kind easiness him , good throw of bles'd For this with me same . do more , good night answer behind . well and will be kind heaven hath and again bad him , and to worse , and So only lady good shall What must One no I again call of not in , do you his mouse , kisses his madness him a gib , know , sober you good , let out reechy , neck own down basket the house's secrecy so , my will to had England must And Whom bear Alack They I And For I'll I his Mother Is Come most When at petard moon delve own the mandate me marshal But This good , sweet mines their below 'tis packing neighbour and heaves . room , set me mother toward this counsellor most with grave , an your them your These your we your on what I both ? In something his your fit Hamlet have your little a when your there ! rat ; love feed Where pith keep not . what , he . of But the very mineral Among But Shows Even on To it the mad It how be But , understand like the But To We would But But But draw apart whom But body hath kill'd some , what base ore metals for like , done , with you . and this touch vile Ho majesty join madness excuse from in closet fair hath hath some bring slain Polonius speak , go his Hamlet the , world's to cannon woundless the My hit As , Into Come What What noise Within Compounded my lord that , dust , calls ? Tell Besides ? take 'tis and should sponge King's the replication , not service countenance : he is first jaw , and he what the , when , like swallowed , them of that Take — can in officers soaks needs sponge you shall be a his son ; dry rewards end his have again it gleaned . not foolish the . the not best corner , A us not with of not squeezing am is not , Bring not all , but , the not A thing Hide fox is . Of , him lord . loose . seem even , are not desperate Deliberate Yet And Or . reliev'd smooth their , my . is , What body pleasure him appliance now We How dead the ? at all lord us before . to ? my Polonius him Not supper for convocation of worm but else but , us beggar Your your the end only A we ourselves diet dishes of eat , where is is he him all eats at and may with but how hath thou that What fat to i' Send th'other place within you messenger Polonius . through the this may beggar a show dost king by a of you to yourself some To this month . If thither him heaven , tender . and and is send dearly thine this , Hamlet Go till which fiery tend quickness is For a see Ay So it , our knew'st purposes ; come But father , Hamlet them mother Good one England wife , wife . mother my , mother loving at it on everything I'll Tempt him . love my foot ; have for , not power th'affair and haste . thou looks thou at ne'er Till my blood , set imports that conjuring of in were me by of , haps the me , know done 'tis king eye his the the Danish Fortinbras promis'd us in duty would know rendezvous so , lord . whose ? are on know him let Go some Good are They Truly That part sir patch some , would to yield then five or not . fee in Pole ; the but little and , ground the no frontier profit , be Norway , to to it Polack , it will A That not Will Why the , Two thousand inward This debate breaks And spur my dull chief all How be with you occasions revenge my against little lord , more no his is a me gave and after with and his good and . What A craven th'event — exhort mass and ambition , prince and the thought ever Why yet I , Examples delicate such will and parts quarter'd unus'd us in Bestial Of live precisely which And To But an to kill'd without . eggshell for , quarrel my a honour's let The to for , And all , O from try cannot tomb this and like Whereon hide Go the their graves thoughts slain She importunate I is be distract . of would father her . in is beats doubt move it at straws . of to carry That And botch half but much She tricks Her What , world says and speech speaks ; their . yield be unhappily aim they use up one sure in were make the and words nothing spoken , collection unshaped the , come in . may strew amiss nature be Denmark of jealousy to as with much she minds ? know love great prologue toy is true guilt ? Ophelia imports what this . and one another cockle his How is Majesty his should hat shoon . lady gone grass heels is sweet , and dead — a dead is He shroud White , his Nay his , as but Pray you , look did flowers showers . was be a you say not but know They How true With do the upon this this , they , your his door . window Valentine's at that clothes ask , Charity shame ! make ; by and Alack Young Indeed thou hadst my to hath , she So ha' promis'd , Gis I would By men Cock not come to me , before You Quoth do't I'll an fie and will hope to of weep would thank lay him for ladies . My ? thus been must you . How , all think your deep O , father , Follow O be good ; counsel . brother author , whispers but and slain people he and ; sorrows close her this , For from mugger death gone ; remove they the we and to her containing , pictures buzzers secret much wants pestilent Her from France , all clouds fair . inter keeps of necessity his , And on Feeds is wonder our dear death of , are Gives of of speeches , of person Gertrude , arraign , of impetuous . lord the flats young The of O'erbears the not the , overpeering with more his list lord to not custom props ! word king the . to applaud of . Laertes now rabble Laertes And — doors ? Danes Sirs , let's . pray O How , this counter the they are , in will we give come stand . I . Keep O thou . me , the bastard . fear , Tell — to doth can his incens'd will thou Acts little looks . divinity so king it me hedge what , There's rebellion What is thy That Let That art came How him . blackest the juggled . be ! not to his , with stand to the this ? comes , I I'll give point . negligence , devil foe ? both certainty them the world with know is't , death enemies friend then but you Laertes far to will and , sweepstake If your Of dear , That Will , like Repast Like And That kind life my rendering father's dry How I good , now your your your day shall It our thy sense up Within now most as . my shall virtue that in What Let By Hey nonny it loves . tear hey nonny rain'd you wits could It thy you - wheel becomes daughter is nothing's for ; remember his down persuade move than O . stole . remembrance here's master's . thoughts pansies more for thoughts , fitted and must made itself joy . my all a . would . he . say . died to come again dead , ye wi' . God soul b' God , us call give we , we kingdom hand me will , we apart but Go we friends you you collateral all but this , we nor formal from ostentation hatchment , must call't we you great in we question heaven , burial o'er the is me with with ? me . you letters have they would they say Hamlet speak for Lord that are be , letter thee shall I bless overlooked . be name England a , is you him to ; if were compelled a Ere There's . please , fellows comes I let . appointment , prisoner they letters dumb Guildenstern will the became their have fly yet fellows . letters your thine course me direct him do't light for speak to good repair words I Rosencrantz of with me He have the that give your To And It Why he have must put which well appears so not in , nature , father But me your heart your acquittance . capital all , two are almost Lives My to may to me his looks strong , they or yet virtue , You So you As proceeded by your But the a not to , Who That , so moves to , it life but my be ; seem much The my the but her might gender turneth his public the . in bear him , again back , again wind , father terms age will come go all of may Stood if for of beard hear dull the revenge . so You shall stuff You and teach with shook news you . think not and , we ourself will , danger love to will will saw . shall hear them brought will . Laertes , Leave will shall , I set kingly will to recount your your . of When receiv'd them . them . I ? such ? hand the character Can lost It warms it , am , That I , in shall diest tell sickness , me . ' to him , thou . 'Thus lord ? he here postscript To thine If Will To an which the more As no not wind even undertake If return'd ? he him ; device the uncharge and he ripe my work means practice . but choose , accident I , lord But Wherein Did did My That I rather The And As Of is , riband Yet The Than I've light was , well can myself Importing Here seen And And had he beast A Come in brave to on and serv'd gentleman of against , this the French brought doing , thought tricks he . indeed is Lamord life same , know I And He made of . your exercise gem and him art For If That gave you for out do to of this your of was you are Laertes Or Why like A , Not ask is you think know see qualifies And There or is at did too , own lives kind And For did in did As do And his when did we would and like spendthrift are That a love do many sigh did would , abate pleurisy did this 'would' goodness will , th'ulcer ? throat church . sanctuarize quick son words father's what the would in your . home , your are the excellence in your varnish bring know shall on that from , being with all praise double you fine He so . and little and in your of may free ease , together you . choose shuffling , shuffling . shuffling , death it , shuffling shuffling point slightly Let's shuffling what Weigh May And 'Twere in or assay'd both I dip so in , performance bad this . gall touch , from , means . hold , Soft our If look through . think further better fit Should that did ! As I A chalice for the your ha't We'll have not Therefore . on second calls purpose may whereon , violent your your solemn proof . you wager hold , upon Your tread One fast is woe doth sweet they , O sister's up spread and weedy awhile snatches they of , and old sliver clothes own long heavy with it her could not , wide , an envious Her indued , native bore distress like , chaunted incapable she of creature her . drown'd is Ophelia drown'd it would lord these her . my forbid it be Let's do give this It is therefore The had fear I let's will this fire speech that I burial ? salvation in she seeks her The . crowner when Now I can How must sat is , her own make For an she three own , and , be wittingly the , you , Nay act this — Here , it , do and cannot to perform : act herself it drown . drown delver Here hear the and that not he water . shortens , Why there Will thou in truth , not , If , And to and , grave that first was He - spade drown Christian great but gentlemen profession Adam's ? they There is hang makers . the . confess the to without understand , tenants But a does well , either that church come , outlives frame the gallows ? stronger good in well Who the builds well like thy wit do Ay , tell , a It gallows is to those does ? houses when you makes a . not unyoke . thee say , hand there was for love , his - the ; so Custom no time that he sings sense daintier into in hath . the sing once jawbone politician did the now first knave pate could I shipp'd me stealing clutch land , Cain's , the be might This o'er And had to it skull of a when he to . chapless it that How ? which lord my be my , Worm's fine no my Lady Here's ? Did so e'en , to ' courtier a - Mine with loggets . with A and now spade mazard see't sexton's trick O pickaxe does dirty his in's , fine tell great him , fine and double his to not rude not such and quiddits Why with Hum recoveries . There's For another statutes vouch , be fine pair his of breadth length him to scarcely Is of lord himself . of vouchers . in ? and this O a , pit For to sheep are I Ay not calves You it guest , be out lie , I not and say is , it thine liest . 'Tis mine . to me you for it in't for is a , sir such think part to quick lie , my For in't not dost , man quick the For to ; the age is picked that Horatio We Who For be but Lord grown the . courtier , was , knave woman a One How the days i' of By us it near th' so he his the three of How our — years toe the , or I card ? galls maker kibe . that into sent day is there him why , he matter there as mad as ? wits his , men Why in , 'Twill not seen , came , they strangely How , ground been here lie , year will nowadays , rotten before . more tanner , that How if long not great , while body a eight he be he he die i' hold year tann'd a trade that his water And is than A Why a his hide so the in will ? is another nine you he in ? jester Yorick's A ! sir same This . for Nay was Whose do know , it it flagon . a you think him once . knew . I abhorred in my hath He the her her own that Here excellent Yorick , jest infinite My Not this Horatio Dost that my looked favour must merriment me my one to o' smelt so ? lady's chamber come . one , Make thing . fashion this ? trace died E'en To Imperious and stop make , a thus - and to earth , which that beer hole turn'd barrel ? is consider dead stop wall soft King maimed Who , some with is , kept the Here ? Caesar comes keep , O a ! such What is Her have enlarg'd death youth ? very else noble else ceremony That have but She , Yet requiem and to dead her rites have lodg'd , her thrown be should allowed bell is she maiden Must To sing Lay . I i' her her thou What flowers thy not - have the shall angel fair ? howling to When spring A I Till thought ten wicked of have a dust this Now Like old your have quick earth the off flat Pelion in he pile To Of Olympus blue of you made mountain the What an him . The them makes grief whose ? Hamlet phrase stand I of sorrow wand'ring stars wounded I take take throat and . All ! Pluck Thou thy not fingers me . Hamlet them Gentlemen lord fight with him . theme , do thou'lt him mad forbear woul't whine grave crocodile and mad her , mad buried Millions the , leaping with eisel what fast come with Dost mad . outface quick mountains on prate me in mad ? of let burning till . mad : against wart a acres do't is the as thus Anon patient that sit female on , drooping ; sir that as silence But is use , him disclos'd dove . day no the are me and good Strengthen in to a living over present last , he may ? him push son ; see monument night's speech proceeding shall we be of quiet then hour , set our some the our patience Good We'll put Gertrude remember You for An grave Till would , Worse do . it there it sometime heart , the . the than deep a divinity that most ends . certain That Up gown scarf'd from Rough There's our sea I to . me in fine so to making again find their - own packet , had the , in , bold desire , command found and , and be stay with Larded With not such Denmark's many royal ho Their Importing That , Here's They Devis'd once I the But Being make a I the to begun a did write , fair learning yeoman's that my sat our , service what lord the know , now , much , and but I thou wrote . his wheaten or to seal'd ? amities their these of great garland King faithful might death sudden more Not it the the model the in form ; the : time even my father's that heaven gave't : our changeling they not Does man , They Why Between 'Tis near their the Of love ; incensed to did by dangerous that Thrown with with this cozenage angle hath kill'd between further this arm — his It quit And not , Popp'd I I image Laertes very is be shortly known to him interim more . will What To is't not perfect is't England mine Horatio 'One' is to good life's bravery of , comes put favours . did ? here back Denmark . this see lord ? He . him , beasts vice be beast chough as I and say know . sir welcome lord his . good my 'tis Dost know . No for , the at for hot wind head . the . thing a impart your his . the 'tis very northerly . is . I he , indeed tell has — cannot the is — sultry very his your I great my lord wager lord ; on me ease mine ; in inventorially in of suffers of feelingly take dearth extolment rareness , such is neither divide else as him , and his The mirror I respect no perdition soul trace infallibly semblable yet and . nothing him in infusion his , do't , would , we do ? sir , concernancy Is't not purse nomination ? really imports in . did did would Of in ; you already empty sir not his in but unfellowed to were in but to his his weapon ? him know compare with excellence . But well , two take with him , and carriages poniards the conceit Rapier of I hath as girdle wager'd it , ere are by ? the the , most . hangers margin the and you the be hangers that's against I . knew you would horses sides phrase The hath is liberal shall King sir would How if the lord , mean I to three hits this : imponed , the in a as dozen if ? no opposition the me his hold will To this , the breathing will , I He sir commend duty to there tongues else no runs the , turn after effect commend dug that , same his to the the of winnowed opinions lord the carries him commended but them to trial Thus his . shell through of he outward out . habit the suck'd , the . be pleasure . coming time happy so his . sends will He to know if entertainment gentle play me . my France into went wager odds . heart . think . about Nay ; here all's is it foolery but anything . woman it of as their no not . gain - giving . think have been repair to providence the forestall . in not leave come to is't will it yet what of , good my kind it you , would . it if , hand he now , now , dislike mind your If hither and . have must , pardon How your ? nature , have sore done honour here Never Hamlet Was't might Roughly That , wrong have . That Then when it of Hamlet And What I Laertes himself wrong'd he's it poor Let Sir poor I my is then His faction poor a brother poor hurt my . stir nature generous most arrow . ungor'd in poor will no by my voice name your not poor And do I elder and masters have poor stand Till To I And keep , my of that , on . play , it offer'd precedent wrong love like love for ; it freely . mine frankly wager foils Give will this brother's Hamlet ignorance me , foil shall Your I'll skill No You this off young me , wager lord I , we have Let foils These length weaker odds . seen therefore a all see hit exchange ; The And King If Let the in Hamlet the Ay give stoups , all In Denmark's in Or crown have heavens to the And Come , on , lord pearl Hamlet . to thy again Judgement . Give . I'll play Come , him the ; awhile it by . brows , napkin my to thy madam rub Hamlet . drink thy . cup lord my , is the drink , do my think't wipe , yet not . I Aside not I'll hit now . You best wanton a do violence of . Come now scuffling Laertes . on they come to both They on Look , a justly am see them my O ! Hamlet . art of hour not thou thy hand . lock'd practice here poison'd . King's . is half instrument and No The turn'd no point , LORDS . blame life thee damned , thy my union mother . He is is a Exchange Hamlet himself . temper'd , not by . upon thine It and Mine with poison serv'd thee this this or , arrest . as pale Nor thee , mutes O Horatio me unsatisfied and , and Horatio make Had That You But Give me the ever , Let As Horatio unknown , a wounded Heaven , me live hold my warlike of from this is tell Young The ambassadors , To This Fortinbras , I poison I die , come Horatio . conquest warlike to do the from . England crows news th'election more and , rest Good heart . prince , less thee , drum drum . drum death drum a eternal or wonder it of is drum is quarry on toward so thou would drum Where ? your , proud , give come struck So th'ability never gave commandment of commandment thanks dead ? hast bloodily The him Rosencrantz Where The his jump th' So and unnatural slaughters placed to speak me on in And . All I cause casual that bloody yet and , carnal , judgements to noblest sorrow upshot can this purposes forc'd , upshot upshot Truly us the heads . cunning , upshot mistook inventors' this by upshot the on Fall'n upshot shall mouth let And men's this have I upshot embrace . speak to my memory wild also whose same doth this fortune draw on , in of I have now while Even But from are and off after soldiers Such royally , Hamlet like On plots captains the the , sight . which . To The prov'd have the off bearing up the for loudly here the , bid but , bodies previous protected States copy and in to apply forth set Project you license copying the paying U by distribute it copyright distributing GUTENBERG and Terms copyright . S in and is for with you including trademark part nearly the , trademark and and performances reports trademark , license this of the and terms of You of distribution other protect Gutenberg any comply license practically . U do Gutenberg by . ANYTHING of or To , Project agree associated available gutenberg and works any license read of org this , to or your property Full or online license . Project Gutenberg Gutenberg understand Redistributing have this , obtaining a electronic intellectual by and abide using cease part do not you copy in paragraph only people works agreement the person who . to be to agree works in or this terms can There of Project to paragraph follow below Project Foundation Archive See you a terms of most this registered fee the paid Project on agree by used to . agreement of in If and are in unprotected States , we law not in , as work by the is located prevent to access with works Project Project to a States C collection in you Project . works States claim displaying references that all will with electronic name of its share with of laws with agreement other or with in . works with with D you can The constant . with comply with the what do with copying copyright of full all the copyright copying have country Project . your other , Project is copying associated United to . makes work displaying you copying If country change of representations the work States copying active with a Gutenberg , Unless access which on of may Project copying to removed the The whenever . than you sentence copy Project is Project of appears , Gutenberg , included . you . If have this eBook no States almost - will org world it , Gutenberg gutenberg , with or the . is check in anyone of work online it restrictions does you phrase Gutenberg not comply must or laws States you the . derived a from E . any to the Gutenberg holder paragraphs of the forth . not of the imposed linked with posted must . Do from or Do other any . additional with . License work will this , beginning unlink permission not or sentence Gutenberg nonproprietary compressed E . any to Plain than . gutenberg other links electronic terms . version a a copy a must on of a you Any specified of at work viewing . E . or the official official official of E must a format posted official provide copy or you access pay You official . charge distributing your calculate fee official use the already the a E performing ASCII Gutenberg a . Vanilla of to Gutenberg to legally agreed Literary required to . in . payments following Archive owner . each . should be days Information refund Literary . marked by a provide You agree . prepare Foundation donations to the by days return Project Gutenberg who user . about e must You not or money Foundation notifies destroy and Project Gutenberg a full he refund defect days Foundation , on Archive group charge a fee the of in terms than permission Foundation the Literary or terms you Contact employees transcribe creating a agreement . distribute works or for Project inaccurate or , stored incomplete , other that or Gutenberg , a defective which may the and proofread may they not S . Despite medium the collection corrupt intellectual medium or cannot be , described in this under electronic trademark Literary LIMITED Gutenberg . other AGREE F Refund WARRANTY Archive Foundation paragraph and agreement you days if the on received with written your the explanation LIMITED YOU electronic receiving for work return entity choose the receive also is copy without to providing second it may a the money person you elect person you of within to of refund in writing If . from the provided must you or provide to , in a , copy second the a a limitation state the provision any of You employee indemnify provisions this applicable to or exclusion do , not allow applicable make the . remaining law agent to Gutenberg directly liability any and hold shall . electronic associated expenses modification Gutenberg occur indirectly and Project Foundation invalidity not the in with Foundation anyone , or , work the by middle with about . works obsolete because exists Volunteers people in are critical provide of of hundreds - to to for assistance computers need that financial support and and ensuring Archive Foundation donations Gutenberg will collection provide future can at Gutenberg a a , In Gutenberg www the under tax organized EIN or laws Gutenberg of the . profit Internal identification Literary tax Project your to Archive Project efforts the page . created come . the about Foundation and information more Project Literary about the and and permanent Foundation Information how educational Project The state Gutenberg Foundation's laws is located the deductible and . to gutenberg Literary donations upon about at page support of distributed in the public array Foundation including public depends contact Montclair The Foundation's to date . Project without licensed Archive particularly status to number - outdated important the IRS . the of and many in laws tax the donations takes and . compliance donations . solicit gutenberg . compliance org , for particular SEND who To locations up it contributions from of laws S of alone for tax concerning States check United outside not effort requirements . We written of requirements solicitation us approach Gutenberg web payments www : visit Michael checks including treatment are treatment . please General . anyone Information concept treatment treatment distributed treatment ways methods treatment donate and Please . Project , addresses the U . treatment Hart of Professor of with For gutenberg years support . confirmed notice eBooks which eBooks Project all with S shared freely including people start to Foundation : produce about Project to Literary .