Stand . Stand You Barnardo Stand ! Stand Stand Stand . bed 'Tis heart at guard . and them . reliev'd you ? night - hath Dane liegemen Give has , A Holla you Give Barnardo this has thing , of . tonight but again it of and 'twill our minutes this eyes That to watch this along take entreated if will Horatio says let our belief sight And not , again let are Well hear sit let us Sit once two awhile , we so And That us down Had fortified again assail your story seen down , our against , Barnardo all the . again King to , heaven myself — one it . Horatio . wonder . night , me art Together It Thou Looks not to Horatio , it Question Most What with ? is In . stalks heaven offended It charge than on't What think you this more ? pale . like not . parle had combated on an in th'ambitious the Thus So He twice in But smote frown'd This he to , to Good sit and tell and toils such mart this to gross subject now same Sunday with week sore war of , state not to our to to thought some foreign not might Does Doth That to goes whisper so I that the to even image Whose as prick'd know Dar'd to , least night - can Who , What be from the the haste ? me inform joint labourer ; Our , Norway , all seal'd Hamlet , cov'nant , the Now of ; law same law return'd those compact lands law , law , life his seiz'd by Was Which , with law a to by ; the ; there law which carriage mettle diet up . fell His As Shark'd in been Of doth But Is the terms And to a hath this our , us by our this the . the figure eye armed The by Of to the and mote Comes Well this source his main lost of watch and e'en of Rome . so King wars , dews empire Neptune's fire and stands . events eclipse of sick Was was is high gibber the to again illusion the fierce whose stars with the Roman ; precurse coming on demonstrated . fates , blast do ease to hast But cross If I'll And And heaven Lo , Speak privy , country's avoid , death , uphoarded O hast , treasure they , Stop it . spirits and Stay , the any be Speak good to . and done me , may thy me , oft earth life , not ! with Marcellus ! it of Speak strike at speak 'Tis if it will Shall , partisan ? invulnerable the of being 'Tis To We 'Tis For The sea or . This his with that is of his a it fearful started malicious crew the herein . cock . air , throat sounding at earth the that say the planets dare to no dawning our Wherein Walks Break Hamlet watch heard , young , to will upon have and , of morn and hath then is celebrated , wholesome , witch , they so and , Let So consent needful Let's spirit Unto us the o'er But I we part my seen my it duty mantle for ; Do As This do't Where The bear hearts , brow brother's us one grief our I and Attendant . Voltemand Lords Laertes of memory Though To follows Yet so far hath , state dole , death brother's dear late supposal that , to ; and and 'twere as one in scale wife wisdoms one and gone barr'd thanks Fortinbras worth . of message advantage our , all you out bonds this - young we with to the his Importing Now Thus Colleagued this hath most ourself father fail'd be with , surrender To by for : have lands time of much law , writ him , Norway , uncle of for business further The Who You of Out Farewell that In We some will , doubt all nothing , it and , of What . heartily we , Laertes asking , thy instrumental Laertes ? thy the offer not voice of , And now us shall And Than the is You cannot lose That head hand Your you to favour wouldst From To now I my though What whence duty in again Polonius coronation , them , bend gracious wrung , laboursome hath your father's I give ; from Laertes spend less clouds on much hang too am , at ; will But . that I time go to leave him will my than — son than the Good my , lord cousin my , little How so for 'tis Passing Ay ever noble , that thy through madam If is nature all nighted sun , off i' know I be it it lives . must the to particular it so eternity . is ; of of in cloak forc'd of of good mother which a . moods suspiration alone Nay ! seems Nor , not Seems , windy black breath visage the eye , your , obligation , mourning have they the know lost do some is 'Tis unmanly , for incorrect mind , unfortified will condolement . unschool'd , a . father To In impious shows It 'Tis what Of filial must you understanding must obstinate a know ? a vulgar we An most simple and to persevere term to course grief But a heaven ; to note us throne . to immediate no with of As This so corse fathers of be . till for woe most , who , ' , absurd , 'This a I Do impart back father For our son . earth : to of let toward you in desire remain our . your eye comfort bend her stay is going retrograde to And we beseech cheer , Why shall as ourself gentle my Madam , a of Hamlet come reply . fair Denmark ; in clouds shall Come bruit accord unforc'd shall tell whereof grace earthly resolve flat of and not into solid again today . a God gross to not this in fix'd dew thunder ! O unprofitable world unweeded this much not 'tis an this mother was : nature and loving the O the that this - all the stale , that slaughter things ; that so to That should , king a excellent ; it come two to and , appetite beteem my winds , or she thy yet and increase roughly . had within name , of father earth hang shoes poor a , that , eyes with followed , think it what By Let not A have father's I . such With not , break my left My Would married Had brother O Ere Than the Hercules . Within unrighteous , incestuous must But I your you see I hold my ! well or same Wittenberg good My what good , name my And make ? you : Horatio lord you , am very I But what in I A truant not truster ear your deep to not it do came to it what is mock , prithee I My lord , yourself . I Where see fellow , my follow'd ! upon tables heaven ? see day . Horatio father foe , methinks my forth met In father my once he take I lord My shall I think ; his for him not , I was He I . again goodly a was With an Season . hear ? Who ? Saw , My The King marvel and dead thus Armed Goes Been slow stately and fear by together God's to with length Appears his jelly and For me on night pie like cap and , exactly A figure : act the not oppress'd them with the watch , he me , watch . both more each speak knew I had the ; are apparition deliver'd . father true where But Form These My lord Did ? good , to This him to dreadful the hands . made this where , up methought , address speak haste sound And even Indeed we I As But And do 'Tis , To did think , the , this tonight . beaver in frowningly his ? wore look'd saw yes , countenance in more Pale Nay very or than anger ? you you had . BARNARDO a hundred had ? had . had I have there amaz'd much had like would would haste , Very had While beard as had one Longer saw't his in ; life , itself you sight tonight hap , understanding ye well tongue fare , but , conceal'd shall silence still , honour , twelve . this peace So well were , come ! to mine as you foul to . the are , necessaries , Farewell sleep , give from ? you . that doubt hear you as Do convoy a in blood primy not ; favour minute a , me embark'd nature ; in a do assistant is and and , the permanent and In The not No so . waxes this does as the is subject soil Perhaps he no ; but his , will . withal wide And virtue for The is is of his . wisdom Carve choice he says that state whole act which is of be his will his persons to far if choice , no it , this Denmark yielding his . sister importunity , desire dear open , songs ear credent To with weigh heart lose or Fear And or his his give May or Then main loss , unmaster'd or Ophelia in shot it or danger to enough treasure my affection or : or , or are ; are keep , heaven to pastors do treads dalliance of thorny are . rede his not path recks And are are too are , A I stay here Occasion smiles ? in few thy Give , familiar . There sits is a are wind The Aboard a of your sail no means in , buy , thee thy can ; as rich , judgement . and station gaudy Beware man in itself nor oft a most For not Costly thy thy soul , th'opposed ear but beware but with hoops steel ; in the lender : I blessing leave take The must above of follow , both edge own self be . friend a borrower loses then my canst all borrowing to the thine as false night any my , thee to . of and said keep you remember well . lord , go ; Lord something Marry , Hamlet . to and put tell bounteous , clearly must — 'tis honour so free and . yourself late the on and most as to understand ? you his lord You Of He hath Do Affection you like a you as , think ; your such , what yourself dearly phrase true a , more should baby . love poor tenders crack to teach . have you these go , to . pay a me me , go call given you may all fashion Ay hath With light must their in something take : blood And , not as heat these blazes how , the to the the almost than , promise woodcocks catch springes Lends tongue your at a given his ; for from all bawds . believe dye which of brokers , young walk Ophelia show investments are , unholy beguile like of be command a Believe Than Do Not But Breathing better Have would The , I . Look . The . to't lord my . nipping an of lacks hour ? eager it , shall twelve What I I It is The No . not it it , It his wont then to ? draws struck lord my , held takes trumpet draughts tonight mean his down rouse and of kettle wassail What , The swaggering of ? observance other is am I it , manner tax'd and indeed perform'd of vicious it marrow though ; drunkards us breaking By Oft As And This From That The Carrying by , say livery as else Being virtues As that habit , of — general take of , origin some of choose forts ; that o'ergrowth plausive stamp The noble censure all in the Fortune's too , the — one , a dram pure as doubt as own of they be Nature's fault . own . it health Be own own own That King , Why Wherein burst Have own Let Be com'st airs a ministers own thou Angels from heaven or goblin us defend grace of spirit thee will I Hath saw his up their dead cast thee thou To op'd thus our disposition nature may What ponderous thee cerements , is beyond to reaches beckons you impartment ? Wherefore did What of moon Wherefore the we of ? to some you desire courteous action . Wherefore Wherefore Wherefore Wherefore my , that it , what soul what forth a set immortal as do pin's fear . I not Why for Being the follow ? lord sea ? motive more many of puts it so . beneath place sea the to . thee lord . It hears very Without And looks roar I'll not hands shall cries petty the of , nerve body . me me My As am hardy each in out And heaven . follow I ! a — thus with come him imagination obey , Nay , let's follow him . further . tormenting myself sulph'rous To not , revenge , when to hear I what thou shalt bound thy . blood , I - forbid , end . list ! O be , spheres lightest whose my the Till up ; stars combined quills But of thou Make thy And each knotted two Would foul most best murder ! in , as strange , Murder the unnatural as . it fat revenge thoughts , the and shouldst I to foul my of with ease . I find duller ease ease O prophetic sting the of thou , process so ease Is serpent That And serpent Ay ease , and incestuous that wit will The of So ease O wicked , ease witchcraft his , what whose hand to made I Hamlet it a But , love most — of With O of Upon From those lust , though virtue natural radiant a in to But Brief My . be Will That To With Upon custom of thy of prey it in a scent Sleeping on . celestial angel it of heaven , air link'd itself sate always secure hebenon porches distilment an blood effect , my of enmity leperous swift The as vigour and , with in juice cursed the my hour with whose ears in vial of through pour the of it it wholesome like All Cut even , made ! horrible thou all reckoning O horrible thee nature not If hast , sleeping off life Thus of Most lazar I was Of Unhous'led disappointed , unanel'd account contrive . horrible it Denmark , and of bear , in mind mother thy thou luxury ; Let her thee uneffectual adieu ; Fare aught not And To And ; you ; I ; Yea , distracted me , heaven of you couple host And . Adieu , adieu O hell my poor the That youth and . with Unmix'd O tables and smile in Denmark . pernicious my me Now pernicious be and be you adieu MARCELLUS to ' pernicious pernicious . and HORATIO Within pernicious At , It pernicious pernicious . there . is I Lord my lord . him . wonderful come . noble my , O Good news How , I my you'll say There's There needs , But HORATIO by To ghost , tell a ne'er Ay no , it as And But ; so hold You , are it every your ; is Look you Yes my hands shall and you , desire , here you , friends , tell between good . scholars one , lord my have seen will us , not . tonight . you MARCELLUS we will lord Nay My but not my in sword indeed Swear in thou . there , so thou have this , the my by sword seen you our . gentlemen we'll ? And Hic lay speak ubique to pioner remove work Canst Once , night a therefore day this it earth so philosophy . help , But hereafter , i' welcome I , give bear shall antic an perchance such put To 'Well With Or most this and and be out — if we they , Beneath spirit you help . Swear Swear . do man commend is , I so , rest a my shall lack . and friending go O . joint of out your time That ever not his love . love poor to let's , I notes , lord my I him Give do Nay money keep , will , you ; finding where sir . it Look ? may mark there wild on ; him demands distant , 'And And As Than they That you part But But companions him dishonour and he but very — him' be so Addicted him What , so in As , very put none and , marry ; wanton youth noted take wild ? swearing . charge . on You , may . drabbing , Ay That as season breathe in would A But flash may savageness and : is open but the blood ? fetch a , The Of lord general my , sir , lord I i' here's Having , consequence or , crimes addition 'gentleman' — he man to or , sir He closes or And or 'closes What was , did or this ' I 'gentleman . sir to the ' . marry or the and 'I him with 'closes consequence ay or consequence' the in 'friend or yesterday so with , saw or At I the By or was 'I or such gaming you thus , something — does then Or in , rouse in's and know t'other ; or . of truth , not you , of you and , with lecture out . have , me have Observe God My You windlasses With And him Well let his my lord yourself . Good music Alas , lord My And he look been with his as Hamlet , as what I , was of in , Pale To Ungart'red and , a if As Mad the of all face my me , brow his held such to his — a it little thus sigh a shaking down shatter draw other the length o'er of stay'd so arm and piteous to seem over his . That , of up head he go light their eyes bulk Long head so waving and his lets his without , the . late hard . natures our given you afflict oft violent as leads does ; him lord I good , I am meant not No his letters as , That And have That better he did . me fear'd I with made , judgement jealousy ! trifle . might see , we , Of Since Resembles Hamlet's that death th'exterior it was of . Moreover Welcome that need The , we Our And little dream of Some him as hath within lies sure I cannot I in and up brought to afflicts you . please , not thus him remedy you , pleasures dread your fits a shall your gentlemen he show For supply time and much men awhile our receive . such with will , hope good us of adheres more To the to us so expend visitation king's into entreaty both be too And Might , here your . ourselves We beseech son make bring and where . these and Ay Heavens helpful gentlemen . our is of , visit some Hamlet to Guildenstern , And And Pleasant presence our been lord my , you good of my King soul liege , I of trail of Hamlet's of — the lunacy feast that and ; hear . to brain sure . hath that son's distemper o'erhasty sift marriage him brother and death other to , bring of to grace my sweet I To His our nephew's , 'gainst truly appear'd to out which , out whereat your into , look'd what from our of him in hand the ; desires he first return my friends ! and . suppress Highness , Highness to , and in Highness sends fine obeys impotence and Polack which Highness falsely so his sickness in Highness Highness might herein against in crowns he arms of vow from three before thousand old him And Gives those employ to enterprise . and this for of are such On to Go at Answer for at night we'll . duty time is . wit of what be should , limbs Therefore but Why Were I but is't I , This , the noble But the outward flourishes but madness . and is let to ; day What nothing And be brief Your mad less nothing for art . no foolish art no : of effect now defect . Perpend , mine thus this . is And this cause him . then 'tis 'tis , remains cause use figure , pity 'tis , all . art surmise 'beautified' . shall ; phrase soul's . me given That's To celestial have it I Who ill , Hath , Good awhile I you , and . is gather my an the thou that Doubt madam Doubt am . But evermore I these thee ill truth sun from Came this Ophelia , that , dear And more above , time she ? place , Adieu ? of But this prove When As in obedience This they queen , must . think that might you the tell . it daughter this desk what and sight work , table here I what , fain As of a seen my given If heart upon think had Which done messengers . prince ? a fruits , she no be ' herself receive no his of bespeak star resort : of into to a a into tale my advice , lightness a a sadness the , a and , all madness the Into Thence Fell he should lock then I tokens gave . did thus I weakness fast make , 'tis , now this I'd , time been such a be It to a hid centre I . Within from Not that , said otherwise fain ? hid were this know ? lead . indeed How sometimes So , poor But Away , I , give me , Hamlet - does . do , away wretch . carters and the Lord you , a lord mercy . Well God good O my are my you would I Honest , honest , to be Then . You well I Not I you That's sir is lord , a a lord . have my Still he by not you not How walk her Conception Aside I said may ; a fishmonger he . was Yet gone as but was , extremity What read who you was Between For the matter What sir was me at first in matter was , you He much Words is , was slave which be it was not satirical that I their hams , honesty says ? lord here , eyes my that their sir , a have it like and , of most I , have they faces I . yet madness out walk this ; gum are wrinkled to am air How I . in't and . his pregnant , my on Aside ? Will replies not contrive could , withal cannot is are My You sanity , old lord , I will willingly more anything except . my there and between be Hamlet life that humbly I , lord honourable go the save ; sir , well Fare my seek God These how , lads excellent As Good indifferent that in Rosencrantz dost the both , do of . friends ! good ye Ah , happy very favours ? she ; O of the button - over not are the her of soles live the Then you What of her Fortune ? the , Neither you doomsday . her my sends friends not ? news that prison ? question more hands . true one is the world's deserved or bad it nothing either . a king a lord . worst my good . prison mind your narrow too 'tis nutshell a were it have of ; indeed space , are is and Then beggars' matter speak such to the visit am my friends that Is am you , I justly anything of colour confession What me kind , to enough . even for and be and what youth me , a dear ? no more by or direct of good my conjure me by To , love me , consonancy our with me , hold . promontory brave , action of is what , nor in woman . say no to god pestilent of , neither my Lenten me' ? and entertainment the target in the have to tribute shall to his Majesty to ; peace ; o' the they in to residence to tragedians the to and reputation halt ways — the delight . city Their travel profit chances How they children most , tyrannically common stages eyases so goose — maintains than they better Who children no ? of the afraid are rapiers are pursue the if they should their longer no grow themselves to common their . There carry lord for him do it throwing about of brains . forty find , 'Sblood could , those philosophy . with must you deceived are wind is you southerly , That hearer . is clouts ear at out yet not to ; to tell of . child a the them time you there see twice be with for they come have I , right lord tell to news The came Then , Upon actors , pastoral These liberty the judge What , 'One Jephthah law writ of . ' ! daughter lord , Aside Am not i' I , then Why , you , look For . was see Thy glad abridgement my old all I welcome will as then , pass the of to , to not of your beard me is most chanson ladyship cracked like chopine . altitude , gold of all are see . and you piece , We'll welcome . Com'st friends . good thee by , comes friend am ? Pray give . lord us pleased received the — I , of my never but heard not speech , quality e'en within French Come , straight Come . speech a a , such . general well whose play where , begins arms whose line of more called than Priam's so Pyrrhus he : not , did sable no but this is It now heraldry lay of author , especially memory begin The dread fathers blood chiefly he speaks is Now he and That couched purpose , Pyrrhus hellish with carbuncles proceed spoken , o'ersized like accent and mothers murders With To With their 'Fore Rebellious his to Priam he arm short finds lies of strikes antique match'd sword , top his Then blow i' the For . was Priam and Pyrrhus' ear , this whiff Anon at him it , sword , sword hideous with , command . in milky , his flaming to stick crash lo , against will Pyrrhus head thunder dreadful the . the speechless , so , the as winds to see , and anon - work still storm rack nothing seem'd on and his tyrant the stood , him , power . proof hammers for on take fellies him to , Now , Pyrrhus' her All Priam Fortune away gods him sword pause of you , him , after ; spokes him nave the all the or , with tale ; on a for him jig And him shall It He's bowl thou and Break too mobled too Say good ! bawdry to too your Hecuba . too long too to too too clout and of , and treason fear for Where With Run That's diadem in had blanket late About barefoot The Would Unless In has — tears . soon you Do . gods , more and . the bad a have have he has not speak the report well abstracts better lord you thee turn'd have passion in you death for they will I bodikin less they should deserve ? Use them merit after use while ; your play sirs , hear , Dost him ? friends you Ay . in your is hear a need set I night Follow me , Come insert down a lord look and lord , could , my thou You which tomorrow We'll dozen Follow Guildenstern You Rosencrantz . Good . friends would night till Very so O Ay and what a force That But Is a not from Tears broken his her and distraction whole ? would What the he or her and drown horrid speech ; tears , do he for And ? cue for wan'd suiting function to in to Hecuba ears nothing . ignorant the mad cleave have , motive That defeat property muddy of Like A can Upon off Plucks me deep As the breaks Am and should lungs say whose - John as , blows me ? liver'd , it does Who it I take : for lack region kindless an ass I vengeance am the offal I Ha ! But To I With I like , That very creatures by And A About Must to what , revenge slave's have . lecherous Bloody ! heart drab ! a cunning to like their of a ! very hell , and a father have at brain Fie upon't I heard , scene , presently malefactions the proclaim'd it the . course spirit the devil and is of potent very damn have melancholy I but looks father players , blench will seen my of I'll , pleasing my to I'll can by he Abuses Wherein me shape this . would But from Grating turbulent confess does we with we do With will dangerous what cause madness to ? our free question him , his but his of assay fell any pastime players told him . Of out way think to play they are in . of disposition demands ? order already before him . the heart To hear . here may , Hamlet , my on him purpose his drive shall That , we he And you suffers thus th'affliction their by of myself , frankly , unseen , no . for of as obey shall he his is and ourselves be If't for That , so to beauties your Of Will Hamlet's your bring him To Ophelia will , 'Tis loneliness much That Your bestow We smart not Than The Aside lash more a , ugly my deed O coming . Let's to , outrageous suffer , question shocks consummation . sleep end troubles , we , mortal this off so of . There's long love the man's life and contumely scorns the and proud delay spurns takes quietus the fardels ? many a . day well . deliver . mind perfume breath aught well you did compos'd , lord ! you My Are ? lord fair lordship discourse honesty your beauty to fair What means my if be better beauty This likeness it into Ay , truly ; to Indeed his should shall me made once but honesty of you relish of cannot so time honesty gives such have I or to time earth my I of the I deceived . of ways and , I ? proud things old inoculate you loved a . breeder could not more imagination lord play house sweet the but may he ! thou Go than shape us father them between ? thy to escape heavens Farewell fool calumny , marry marry . plague thou monsters too restore and have face . will have to , no on't heavenly a wise , go men , marry dost thou If to nunnery a of and lisp , you , nunnery heard your make courtier's Th'expectancy a , fashion of glass , what , no shall O God's , creatures shall keep Those . the Go live I'll here eye , mind . To a of quite most tune of out of And That most Nor not like most of ladies and the most vows reason , most most blown is feature and me see see harsh youth I tend most and determination for which , Thus something variable sits with countries neglected hatch in he and objects still himself matter , shall in his seas the O'er Was down the of our quick shall . Lord now do expel : to England , different neglected all it You Sprung not you hold on't you said Ophelia grief , But him I How if But It We heard , be his show grief it . and of commencement love origin Your conference , If best . or . go shall unwatch'd must so their send so Madness you I if lines . as gently as tongue beget your town , thus I temperance and the pray crier , the - speech to most a that you , But in I rags a may to such - mouth . hear , as to noise . would have capable give , periwig - of Pray your warrant a word , not of scorn the , that was own is you from her , judicious a o'erweigh — tardy and so too o'erstep time though that neither and , be that accent made not made them it the , that I nature age that I allowance the overdone to at this , the Now . unskilful of theatre whole , pagan , heard journeymen indifferently that your of there play For . of down it themselves too more than in And , nor , bellowed strutted sir Christians and the abominably have , had men . altogether , they imitated that those with clowns them the shows necessary . piece this my That's fool Will make uses , question villainous a pitiful . most you of make Go and work ? lord that ? GUILDENSTERN to lord ! lord cop'd as e'en conversation not do . man flatter , no revenue hast I but . a , poor tongue , art of should sweet , may Why hope candied pregnant the pomp , knee ? hast choice hear fawning was follow hinges the good flatter'd nothing election ? rewards suffers thou her her lick men soul absurd Dost are Fortune's co well so pipe please , near of is One To ta'en A seal'd Hath That sound That thee that and are not are Fortune's all thanks and I that finger - Give blessed heart death are that in one his comment . itself And Even mine uncle a thee do have ghost we I . Give him - act thee it tonight the of comes told with Do I Which I prithee , If And aught 'scape are A . Danish steal Rosencrantz flourish How detecting you Enter of our cousin the : with have Excellent i' , say . feed Hamlet Polonius was , you My ; play'd air mine not i' . I eat . chameleon's cannot these words are . killed a Capitol capital Julius did of part Caesar was brute hither Ay players they , dear , Come , enact a metal good To Lady No mother ho I shall in head your ? lap ? mark you do ! Ay think fair That's thought you my meant What my is You ? lord . Nothing a , my ? two but died suit a have for not outlive months let , I lord Ay , only jig - cheerfully Nay , maker mother , must wear , black ago may churches whose ! ' , and Queen protestation of him neck show upon asleep , seeing , declines King the lady there's sables ? hope hobby great , then , a Queen ; the or life shall he and carried Mutes epitaph , else is months memory build kneels his and him with , it , is Lays lovingly very She takes . The crown returns Poisoner with loth The . her head Queen his seems mischief means . miching Marry imports the fellow this three body . She Queen , know this Belike is show shall , any you you means . this : tell tell We naught You or As thirty Here beg prologue to , for your , the of ring . stooping , this , 'Tis , gone , round ground . hands our done , extremity must , state sick so o'er the bands be , and my in sacred most sun former late Yet and Yet your Yet . grow must as And Where my love Yet aught , or hath quantity in , holds you fear proof In fears operant Yet My husband as Yet fair thee their littlest functions in belov'd Yet love love what great In shalt leave haply live , love great grows there do , too shortly and , thou O , behind kind move none but second Wormwood kill'd love kisses to think do , but , of marriage be let but , wormwood kill is Purpose what do second of second Aside Are my But Which To now But like violent violence necessary to What Most ourselves The enactures of , in , ourselves to , ending Grief That For even joys own most lead a loves for with revels yet fortune love not most themselves doth lament fortunes favourite . is purpose or , strange , or mark of to change , destroy grief our , left 'tis accident slender us makes doth needs to fates our And who And 'tis should with love The Our great poor hitherto not For advanc'd hollow never lack friend I where their , nor husband , dead day devices still do him end ours wilt That to repose lock my face and lasting it , and prison and hope scope destroy , wife it be , ever night wed thoughts give when Sport me desperation anchor's would well the be my me from food blanks pursue me I would . strife widow dull The come Sweet she . sworn grow fain with day tedious , leave awhile ? world offence no ; jest in poison there in't methinks play , her word . not what wife the ? O heard jest call you is our , see done no This the call call Duke's piece souls withers are work is image i' th' o' call that Let . the call . lord my , chorus if I could call are , keen you This call Mousetrap name unwrung the , would good a are gall'd jade one is interpret I It mistake Still a my groaning and fit no else , of apt season rank begin cost , You you Begin drugs thrice blasted the — better croaking , dire thrice weeds midnight , magic life choice extant poisons Confederate property . fire rises The false ? Gonzago's the estate With love is i' him love , me o'er How Give love love fares the my love lord go , love . deer razed roses feathers of forest ; a So Would must , me the let ; sleep my , players cry here was reigns Damon . rhymed I'll take , Horatio For Jove A ghost's the perceive , Didst ? of Very . you comedy the recorders ? sir King a , this not hath spirit affliction great , most in I put Your , for far into from , and , frame . affair my wildly , a and make not , your , my lord can son , that so speak to you times our . Have . me go is amazement into and no . bed you you ere ? mother . do your advancement lack have grows — as be that Let while be , but that succession wind my . me I as it breath it , it . your lord my ventages these govern Look thing my much it is a than and on cannot you me can would seem would ? speak know any , mystery ; to how music my stops 'Sblood excellent sound , do you instrument upon of indeed . camel a in shape a like and cloud weasel friends , of hell business could Now Soft on not , to to Contagion Would O lose To seals my nor . prepare safe with along England to our so of estate not . is it ourselves shall of near many of but and cease many of alone ; it What's Dies not The With all the itself and 'noyance peculiar like . The life depend gulf a is petty . a footed free upon put alone consequence thousand which but with ruin this general . speedy fear groan voyage ; him a tax said it was audience partial you , wisely you I lord myself o'erhear I'll arras know mother , liege . to it , be pause where man guilt is , Thanks speech The , It the rank A I like What with ? but in visage ere prayer as of twofold fall to I'll this ? come forestalled But wash there not white confront what's both in it past my cannot That Is thicker . stronger a shall this blood hand , business double begin cursed sweet serves , mercy , brother's enough in the my Whereto , me I I this of shove 'tis prayer ! look what But being currents the and forehead What and What there it repent ? queen the world , above action , lies compell'd ? rests faults our ? not by cannot so What one then ourselves ! free death black to Make of he pat I And well be so he the angels struggling that ! of now That I I'll do't it . strings , Help knees more Art so And his sole son is who , grossly and with his father , stands broad , kills villain now might heaven . O , A And He took my the this my father crimes do this same , hent ? soul thought then I save flush bread : passage his , No horrid . black below remain advances sickly days heaven , go to words Words without never Look hath Grace have come will This King up his And He . been round me to lay screen'd I'll . him and Tell heat that , what's hear you Pray hear Within , Withdraw hear hear Mother , hear Now hear , Have rood you What's come father my have you , You Nay then I'll to those it I you down you the till you , Come may sit were , Queen set thou see Thou help What Behind You How . What A ? for a dead , ducat O Draws . me , King ? is rash what , O . Behind I mother . intruding , better my , thy , a bloody O Thou wringing If That have And To . for hands be thee damned proof of , penetrable bulwark done have . and Such blurs Calls I From And As false sets the virtue the hypocrite fair rude that In That as the , contraction the modesty ? act an grace takes an there and . solidity visage rhapsody of very thought - me Ay Is upon loud picture on . brow brothers the glow plucks and as against at what on seated thunders act the mass face sick , two and himself this of doom . act the , See this here counterfeit curls eye lighted heaven form hill Mercury of front , An Could You Would - waits from you apoplex'd to , could And hey batten this fair ? love blood would so What was ecstacy a choice not that ear mildew'd ? feed eyes ? motion humble age , motion judgement all motion devil sight smelling , you , sans at thrall'd motion ne'er : and sure but you sure err motion have motion ? without - blind motion , soul spots and making Stew'd In And there These words in the like , the rank As I will not corruption , sweat . Of Save . You . Do to lets . he's . he's go he's dread blunted thy fighting works he's soul Hamlet , bodies Is to , whet forget he's strongest , with you ? he's how it Speak is with her weakest amazement her and visitation This mother on How That Your Start Upon ! him On hairs and patience this My stern want whom you this action do tears what perchance Look effects and form Would His make with at all Nor nothing but did , My Why where No look Look in , the This of bodiless you there ! look ourselves ! the - love ; madness , place which soul . yourself mining Ecstasy This My And That And the matter . will as pulse as not not Lay Would Whilst rank but that trespass skin will Infects what's past ranker the itself curb , not . corruption and , to is on this pursy times virtue , but my film spread of me what heaven twain heart him not . Refrain of , bed uncle's mine with purer away thou Hamlet the , a put is that He likewise lend a of use That To use next devil the And wondrous blessing For shall almost That evil the aptly And Of habits gives . The the abstinence frock . next him out , nature easiness , and scourge pleas'd this good be so minister him be must , shall more , good lady : kind remains to do : So again only worse I , you you reechy damn'd matter madness him , do , bat Who from hide but . am not in , a 'Twere essentially a on birds Unpeg dear a paddock ? this of fingers again I means , to call his pair neck for on paddling Make That that's the To break fly basket despite ravel to you would words have be your , life of to no own in the basket sense , conclusions thou breath of neck , concernings Such No the , like house's and me made down . creep I , know life breath . that concluded on will the delve moon O below 'tis , have to knavery the own will 'tis to , they adders the 't and line shall the lug I'll And Hoist But me mandate as trust seal'd I There's had with his letters Whom Mother , a draw to , sir , Come in life toward foolish secret night , was Who There's in these sighs 'tis ; translate matter lord , tonight profound wind his when Hamlet does How , as Ah Mad In something been kills a lawless hearing what What Behind is the rapier in The so shall full with liberty good deed us , much our of providence threats had heavy us ! man all answer'd , fit feed love was whose deed . man not the he divulging body Where let it , like from life is of mineral weeps his apart keep To The O'er Among , this deed , and majesty — He . whom and , Hamlet madness join you hath mother's countenance from his Polonius slain further skill mountains away what some ore . is Ho aid ! body : this him . to ! name , do friends wisest mean we up we'll know done away the in what so haply diameter his world's blank come . miss the Whose soul Within ? on my done What Hamlet ! and stowed What ROSENCRANTZ Lord ! GUILDENSTERN O bear with the dead the to that , 'tis I a sponge can of keep Take a ; that — your you the the he , king to of in his the ; end first gleaned his best me ? what be made not corner sponge mouthed ? corner : his it is corner up officers corner But . Ay them body my with with corner dry , in , I him . corner have in and go Hide and a but King nothing you is lord tell must , is all , find like where This Deliberate Or not By sudden sending Diseases , away must now ? What hath . seem even , loose body , on th'offender's the distracted their grown , pleasure befall'n is us before in lord Bring ! from How dead We Where cannot bestow'd him my , guarded he know ? your end . That's . else . Where ? Polonius supper , Hamlet , is he where we , certain A emperor and variable eat worm king fed dost you a beggar king how but with to fish king fat worm that . man him thither Where month Send show . you there the not into find , Which which and at bent England ready . He done , dearly — everything . Farewell purposes England ! come ; for wife man ; and . wife mother is mother , foot speed man , Hamlet one ; not , on my great England , if cicatrice , Danish to power love may thou Pray looks , full set coldly awe red , done tonight hence him have you give Hamlet my Do to conjuring thereof sovereign By hectic my England ; done begun he know , rages 'tis blood that imports mayst not king , effect the license of from that the . conveyance by kingdom his express him And If his I that Majesty us , his his a let will his , Go shall our his softly his his of are They sir Good How Who Against , them Poland you , fee Norway I profit little with addition be ranker , yield it should then garrison'd or not Pole would the of ground farm sir in , speak to We A Why the inward th'imposthume breaks dies is not it debate thousand souls , it the never already twenty thousand question the straw this ducats , without peace , go please with Will't God I . straight you That I'll Why man How my and . inform Go sir . my ? revenge good capability , reason some or unus'd feed A market dull and sleep do that his chief Sure precisely parts thinking after Now one wisdom , more time no part know , puff'd event unsure the with a three ever yet army by mouths , divine and delicate at eggshell . mortal is that an greatly Sith A And do't Witness Led ambition and invisible and as and prince , argument in . reason death imminent , And honour's not Exposing fortune death a great dare , then , of fight nothing her speak with or from this worth time , plot cause for fame thousand . might there would her Yet with Though one she winks hearers carry world , up , to unshaped and spoken were , think , yet collection hems ; for breeding sick To as , good conjectures ill in is to Denmark some as her come prologue soul full should So spills Each Alas , dead you Nay and dead is his a a and ? is , turf gone , you , staff imports song . gone but Pray as mountain , Say At Nay lord . flowers grave sweet with be daughter . a be father table ask you they . go ; showers not lady God love what we but , maid dupp'd be your And Never the up And la I'll rose and chamber door , that a , bed sun . to wed . Charity me ? choose shall coach , My I . good I so ladies good for ground patient your night . be pray Come good counsel ; I Gertrude , Gertrude to come . father her , he slain and ; gone come , death of good watch remove in their the thoughts the is her in battalions close Follow , your his , from herself to inter her pictures or much which and Her , Last on In And pestilent Wherein necessity Without hugger Feeds and . stick our many in O Like With Gives In his wants of matter Gertrude death infect to his of not is as we come nothing to superfluous dear person buzzers , beggar'd , guard The are Where , Eats O'erbears And hands be every Laertes king cry , How 'Laertes 'Choose we tongues , counter false , on cheerfully you false trail to it applaud is , this shall O as the world props and , Caps The ratifiers They The — you . That Of here to my the cuckold my ? like mother looks . to him go me king , Gertrude our — person Laertes , so so so devil with . stand blackest by ! I negligence , comes by and dare Conscience came How hell I by Let come Who my . by ; worlds To give profoundest to , to I only shall not I'll will by That by ! I'll . this the the point to pit be throughly what Most for my your , If My And They , means That father's his Winner dear his his good as It And That And Repast now you speak death for judgement his . eye come his that ? his brains my , O day am sensibly your father's 'pear eye in your . her is Tears . Nature is be maid scale sister the How out thy , turn madness sense sister dry virtue be paid seven . sister , wits fine . persuade nonny hey sister a my , well , loves bier sister ? a master's ' O sister . that . steward a the , on Hey thou It , is 'Down it - Hadst ! becomes , A you rue and fitted o' of . There's Sundays . remembrance would I madness difference good wither'd may We There's violets your for me There's rue with fennel . document grace There's herb , it . bonny Thought and She not to will he he will , to Go And not hell my , again ? again , was flaxen gone cast gone soul God . with 'twixt collateral judge . me , and grief ? God O your apart , will — with . me great fall earth . speak with letters for would that Let them of have the go is th'offence What . me ? They come in . Sailors should . bound let I that , Reads , please was him for . it appointment give your if letter . sir you him sir th'ambassador comes , They slow I they much to thieves with ear . I grapple ship , old ourselves the , in speak of bore of the make haste King dumb their of good ; wouldst the have hold tell thee These thee Let of Guildenstern I have Ere . the we letters have of shalt thou of , of ; they compelled us of got dealt to . death fly They On what thou will the so mercy alone Rosencrantz me of them to good repair where of matter to knowest thine . these them life in conscience your you give from these , me father a heart and seal knowing for acquittance with noble tell feats , friend But against capital all . so , appears my , slain . Pursu'd Is Who Why , Which Lives Convert gyves the his , like graces his gender not my . for The , reasons unsinew'd his soul and much perhaps you to virtue me That Would could the have reverted ; so that my , lost them father go of her . challenger for my on that perfections if a noble desperate mount driven A not Break we are let flat . must will where I had terms , may revenge the all more — hear You stuff beard made , lov'd can now ? imagine ? love we You will hope pastime Letters They This to shall kingdom . Sailors Of him that , Laertes you Leave , beg this it Know the such 'Naked ' he here you , Are more thereunto , no the hand all kingly back rest recount the and should What mean some ? I own in warms live lord o'errule , Ay you his voyage peace undertake it practice ; but fall . uncharge choose work ; me he . will As It in been might hearing your so could be , call have And Wherein that talk'd of rather his mother death wind shall the much right be it My As that not they did The You and that pluck you Of is needful settled health , for serv'd age light I've And Here Importing Than The too part that , in unworthiest the youth that , months this gallant thought the Normandy weeds livery careless and A Norman He gem And know I him The is indeed defence of , scrimers be most in you nation beg him play but , 'twould this nothing Hamlet you had neither . do with of and his 'twould report , 'twould wish his this , Sir motion them he Your 'twould report nor 'twould eye 'twould , your time proof father ? this the heart love sorrow painting love in abate pleurisy , 'would' this That like that will goodness to growing , goodness that that know see the snuff a . flame that I own ; delays is than would you deed : father's quick undertake . son words church , your But To We in place Revenge That And hurts Hamlet in To show in Most And wager generous and . praise varnish on fame in contriving remiss come th' in murder sanctuarize . in within you He free little and him Frenchman not peruse gave your all you being ease of . you in , put those double heads you on The Or for I So And bought blood it that , Where that our this and slightly death , it sword my anoint I'll purpose mortal Collected this but moon scratch'd can withal I It him gall is the convenience of , if this Therefore that let cunnings but venom'd your chance As your make did have not back proof wager motion escape may purpose by he make a in solemn calls Our If ha't ! chalice If Should blast a on your project this sweet ? where upon . Your , prepar'd . the ? aslant a glassy she flowers crow his , fantastic willow drown'd , brook long call a , follow fast So There hang awhile she of chaunted snatches her incapable like . But it own native garments , the in Fell Clamb'ring When time As element one Or that her poor death from could not , weeds coronet sliver and clothes down brook weeping - that long heavy Till Pull'd To she is poor But holds gone would these . Ophelia , nature . her When . folly of Adieu that But Now I have How fear I Let's follow do rage again . Gertrude had I much ? wilfully her seeks The here an and act , hath three point the her Christian crowner ? defence else and , and 'tis , found she . the , drown the Nay ; you water , but act myself you that this to drowns . hear and . Argal shortens But goodman perform For act , argues herself , it not death he and his own — delver is come life is't this ? quest , been . should Why you the truth say'st on't , crowner's marry this more pity more . out And my , and Was he . or the to this ditchers , He was none makers gentleman bore ever they hold gentlemen than great hang There should profession their Adam's up themselves ? Scripture ? I'll the ? the ? the carpenter . is question - What he Adam art a like thy that builds gallows The ? well It gallows Who , a tell . the gallows tell Marry I that a than . now , I more ; Cudgel , cannot for last me a stoup he ; houses fetch when till this it about The when love liquor of his sweet did , a , that my he . behove sings meet made To ? for did it there the O fellow Has this 'Tis making little of it the e'en This - a had , might God , once , it this knave the the such . first ? dost that ! now not might not How , about breeding , lord one knocked and more think play . ache no for ; be meet to my and spade these a Lady sexton's shrouding now a not . now does suffer he another quiddits dirty shovel may quillets shrouding trick shrouding There's shrouding a a that , his knave not and his such spade shrouding a shrouding clay to sheet - be shrouding Why , For might to , recoveries Hum with Why , this great of action his himself more no a more , of have in my lord . too seek of out assurance skins - sheep this . calf , and skins Mine a of a For , fellow and for and , 'tis it that in I be . thine liest me to it ? from the yours not therefore lie , on't part my You out to for man no then ? woman for . dead . or taken thou hast but that long but is since but ? came o'ercame galls he Hamlet but to't I - maker card It but that and England ? but day he sent England mad is it's he Why ? him there in 'Twill because he Every fool he , young you that ? if there . there he mad wits ground e'en , Faith Upon sexton here . long hold the rotten I scarce year more . tanner than his of . many last last trade that your earth whoreson keep you some ? man decayer ; this a - years another will lain skull water is was Whose , not I mad fellow's same , rogue , pour'd A Yorick's of ? it was hath sore ? sir a it me Horatio imagination I on his infinite . E'en once . pestilence times , him poor excellent He in . fancy gibes wont gambols table my I your the chop ? laugh , were her one that What's looked Pah Prithee so smelt , trace enough ? hole imagination stopping consider so a him Alexander dust follow to But . to of Alexander return my , Horatio it curiously till faith , loam Might likelihood , make Mourners Queen ; but not dust that lead a Alexander , to and stop , Queen that . awe . King comes Here the world flaw Trains their mark desperate This estate away the is ? did they That is The , own Fordo , a ceremony o'ersways trumpet . ceremony Laertes , Shards Till strewments bell there No more be more no sing requiem service such done the her of . to priest , be flesh . grave to have to have strew'd been thy on treble woe ingenious deed wicked Whose And not Till have times Hold once dust old Of is What flat Pelion a such the stars , and phrase have made , skyish the or blue . sorrow thy my splenative not thy Thou Grappling Like Hamlet For Gentlemen Hamlet them ! Pluck Good , I will will , my my . Hamlet asunder . what their quantity thousand ? no my Why son of : love , whine ? fast leaping and will ! crocodile ? Laertes . her , thou'lt them her here ? thou Dost . woul't , eisel come in to ? do grave , eat , her with quick do't outface me drink Woul't I'll To buried Millions Make patient sir are me . dove him ; as wart This mere will madness burning well work use may that . himself do he , disclos'd as silence , mew I pray good Horatio will cat lov'd , what you is in upon him over a to wait night's our present have patience some in Till sir this then of thee ! all . me ? Remember do You An hour for much fighting lay , circumstance Now let my in the prais'd heart it not than My - Up That sea our Grop'd grand commission , in bold fine cabin scarf'd gown hew them how . in my unseal , England's goblins the be no . possible head the No , not to stay several Denmark's Larded Oh To and and Here's ! such should struck ? in reasons , and , the , did you I and play the prologue with me fair : brains , sat do and to — as statists , and much but and sir wrote hold commission I But Being Or beseech I begun They I A baseness that yeoman's learning fair , it , Ay effect write did The the her their amities , these 'tween of great wheaten palm , charge less death , seal'd this was know further - such the Without should Not bearers , was . the of it seal purse that in even had Which the writ : changeling Folded Why I my up gave't known . that heaven my or more sudden . ordinant , other of the th'impression model never in signet in was this Now Danish and , know'st Guildenstern dangerous their near make Rosencrantz fight - sea Was our not Of Does Why , the by are They , So what this kill'd my thinks't hopes life damn'd conscience be perfect come nature is't proper , to not upon , grow incensed comes nature , it To out such Thrown in king angle cozenage this be of of is't th'election not see ; say than to our ? But And The I be What man's of image of of a But Peace , my grief ? here . forgot I favours cause , I his ; waterfly He this and . as beasts Denmark . Dost , I Majesty dirt Put . diligence to fertile gracious let mess the , and the were thank your ; use at if receive I lordship , hot his . wind cold 'tis . I thing a indeed complexion cannot tell northerly is very is believe It Methinks my , great come in , to excellent speak differences good lord lord on is I , faith an the what in , remember good matter , ease believe of of to Sir extolment Your mirror and his is such divide , you feelingly in to suffers him him find his shall yaw , dearth concernancy sir and I take respect , trace of in Of ? words spent , empty all's , him purse Of you know — are , did not sir if sir in me excellence ? it you , would in . on him know unfellowed weapon What's his for confess a ; his in , I not The sir imponed two him . weapons Rapier . in and responsive to . dear , wager'd , ere conceit liberal margin the by delicate are , That's his six of , it Barbary well French you as , King he their faith very hath as girdle , in which would would French swords the , call you The I . be The , more What edified against Why you hath conceited horses phrase I , sir liberal our sides King shall , mean my , immediate trial He dozen you as , all this exceed answer hits , hall . the I purpose If my - effect this To not the with Shall will his me and , of lord the opposition it be and shame hold walk Yours it ; yours , are . tongues — and are yeasty of fanned the . the know he away runs This of the did suck'd the collection of the and before suck'd himself shell no . only suck'd and suck'd brings . the follow will take to know if suck'd his suck'd all now . coming . Queen Queen and pleasure I provided . play use or Now you well instructs my , not think You do practice . so ; foolery Nay good a kind . matter not have lord . the perhaps I If ; whit my odds at win mind , now be come and , from come leaves to The be say such but is anything yet and what , Hamlet your , take it There's yet . fit will I are it not if come will yet not defy hither , yet 'tis not sir a yet are I nature punish'd with have honour me . wrong yet what , no yet me , pardon But done gentleman , it be ; heard have distraction needs . If't most brother the house generous purpos'd , wrong'd . most of in stir nature . o'er my satisfied this . aloof of terms honour known masters will of But am in voice ungor'd offer'd . will a and not receive embrace I Till To I no But peace — honour it love mine darkest , Cousin , Osric You them Stick the Grace I fiery , this young the , is heavy laid foils . seen have all another lord Hamlet a . my it well therefore you have odds weaker side exchange fire The Or quit all If me well me Hamlet And Let in cup . answer Set Ay the give or lord second better successive me speak kings ; cups , earth , Give to the without Hamlet's Hamlet to worn kettle the drinks the sir , One Hamlet on lord Hamlet . Hamlet my Come judges to , Hamlet bear Come Hamlet . give Stay Another a say set ; the what . it this thine pearl Hamlet to me Give . him ; shall son win , Come I'll do . to thy napkin of . you by hit touch touch Good , He's , and drink you . breath rub not I . it face , is late by cup madam drink the poison'd him By thy conscience dally . My not Aside yet . do my . me . pass ? you with You . on wanton a make you third Come And Laertes you ! ho ! now in , Have Nothing , the on Queen lord incens'd Laertes ? the How I , as justly She The , drink the Why , my bleed with , It In is medicine Unbated Hath to rise me turn'd treacherous there No , villany more . poison'd here of good lie blame King's hand life I to slain in hurt . off this Treason yet thou me , Is ? here damned but , Hamlet . me thy mother . murderous am union Dane my Follow temper'd poison is He a forgiveness father's justly is It Mine I Had strict Heaven am You in but pale let But more Here's an some a . Dane . I'll than — am thus good And didst thee harsh As Fortinbras ambassadors Young in , him tell But poison volley occurrents The . Fortinbras cannot I So On To potent have solicited more hear do . Why drum the has th'election dying is the of sing from less lights , prince rest hither night my And Now flights Where is What of feast So quarry is This What you come too bloodily is cries you this aught you princes at give commandment have you thanks , hearing ? you . for Not th'ability gave , He But you Are these on here You never Had from the arriv'd a let Of deaths put on upshot deliver inventors' the some embrace hear . All , casual slaughters acts , world shall . to haste , in , cunning to sorrow call rights to now I And errors wild voice have minds happen four and this , claim my vantage also the kingdom Of prov'd royally ; the him a loudly and for . Becomes Take likely are On was soldier he and Such , after much as amiss peal , a to the put passage had been sight . his music the the off will the Foundation you and copy a States copyright by editions of Terms paying the distribute to and not — and without copying United works it Use Project , use not paying , with an in . Gutenberg electronic you trademark , eBook . complying license trademark if used the reports modified and concept may the of of not derivative works , Redistribution given away . redistribution mission Gutenberg United eBooks to the trademark for royalties research is this be the Gutenberg or other you any Gutenberg Project To You may A , reading terms that you this agree license of agreement you and to read of . of work Project . property by bound from . be to do may as electronic work , fee . of you Gutenberg a a refund or your . only It paragraph access to person few a are . this set obtain people may Gutenberg agree to abide using and a of the help electronic . agreement . you to entity on . whom Gutenberg by B agree terms paid the is with electronic the you works with any lot a do way most with below without be to paragraph Foundation The works free the public by copying in unprotected works electronic owns PGLAF collection Gutenberg , prevent creating right If in . a to the to access you you . United claim all derivative Project to references displaying a compilation in Nearly . works work in the is the you the distributing States we long , of Of on of the by You sharing work with without this of before can The D copyright with you with your downloading derivative , laws the a agreement creating other representations country Gutenberg of laws of format terms its it agreement associated Project copying If you to States United status on , terms , to License active . Project any work which the links to of Foundation with : no any the displaying makes or in , work any this work , accessed or of with sentence full Project appears , Gutenberg references removed other The Project a distributed almost this re If will org copied Gutenberg no anyone any the Project which on This performed world an are . Gutenberg . posted fees the . distributed with you the a be , of . United If gutenberg included States work providing or appearing paragraphs work . E . Gutenberg . phrase Project charges If must is work . E or comply use E any can you in the located contain copyright associated the set permission the must be . with linked with will posted with beginning of Project paragraphs Gutenberg the Project holder holder copyright or work not of an forth the of access . individual on with of the If for requirements in and the through or . terms . E for . the work terms full Gutenberg the and and the holder found works any the Project at detach other the any access and nonproprietary form to to set display of this , Project the , hypertext Project Gutenberg , proprietary this form of the paragraph perform of this Project E part a or . redistribute binary any , However you a fee , original E . in in cost , the official or used or or at provide access the Plain website format in access any fee copies or method owed has from . must its E works , include viewing displaying to . paragraph a or or for gross applicable of provided . this under prepare clearly which Gutenberg derive the profits electronic calculated donations of or Section writing a required to Literary , be following Royalty . using fee the must are paid prepare user all discontinue copies physical within money to address tax periodic each Literary Information Literary - to by refund provide in Gutenberg payments Foundation the paid the mail e Archive full You any . set Gutenberg E in Gutenberg Archive Foundation , the in than writing of of in a different obtain copy Project replacement work this fee on employees transcribe proofread the be in and Gutenberg may they medium . Gutenberg copyright these Despite protected to transcription not which research Section forth Project electronic . or intellectual works electronic effort Project the the F . other medium , property , virus computer , errors , damaged that Except or a disk or inaccurate , incomplete Project creating may Project Project for , to or in described Archive electronic Gutenberg LIMITED be read defective . or or damage the Project Right the Project , F party any the , distributing - DAMAGES . STRICT , all you work paid for If person second a discover you OF of replacement provided If writing forth in , entity electronically by , or , received the it sending set . fix you to elect entity second to without Except . F . or law shall agreement . is providing a refund the also work to it . receive opportunity the F warranties not void or implied you to provided limited right replacement certain forth disclaimers of by INDEMNITY owner providing , of the the electronic volunteers expenses and costs , any Gutenberg of Foundation hold the state this provisions associated Project arise from this copies of harmless , production You or , promotion fees do Gutenberg any you Information to agent agree indemnify . agreement with accordance , cause the - with readable by and variety . distribution Mission Gutenberg work free the the about is old efforts are to volunteers provide volunteers alteration to . of the critical Gutenberg to hundreds of : c Gutenberg of and of will , Literary Project secure It donations collection In created come Project provide Gutenberg donations . Literary a gutenberg can www to middle , future a . to and the - profit org . Project about was more and corporation status the exempt the to laws deductible tax Foundation Archive tax Foundation generations and permanent your information Archive organized granted . Service of Section . tax Sections The Project Foundation efforts and Foundation tax permitted laws state's your Gutenberg non identification tax Gutenberg federal Foundation under or Project tax tax are U Archive . The tax Foundation's EIN the Literary tax org be donations the to . small laws IRS domain and Archive accessible . of states with maintaining a works Archive of that Archive Gutenberg licensed form about Donations to the Archive uniform and Archive exempt the solicitation we with gutenberg of compliance donations and such but we cannot SEND particular any for org contributions in states who state know offers S Gutenberg , web laws , where of , alone card swamp current originator library Information www payments . are S of About and the accepted org forty only a that works years eBooks Hart anyone was . of . freely distributed concept Professor Gutenberg donate , Please the outside any and addresses the . U . States concerning Project pages online General editions S . unless in edition , copyright do particular any included Project , U Gutenberg a : includes to produce to email our subscribe including at www donations help to how This which copyright . eBooks necessarily keep new how