Nay answer , Long ! King Barnardo Stand He , cold and make haste Friends them my meet bid ! ground rivals watch . to this , And do them Who , Not a good Horatio Marcellus ? ho you hear think I good hath ? you reliev'd . A , of what . Horatio Welcome him good . my has , Barnardo . tonight along seen hold , appear awhile your our against story , and eyes our He And let are What When same made course nights have , down we Barnardo all it now Had Where thee same the break off the not it a art Thou In figure Looks like Together It It . Stay ! What march In ? is ! speak 'Tis not ! I and not ! it the eyes . King avouch : art ! on ! parle an ice hour watch what But gross the some I work down sit now This hath he gone , stalk before he frown'd bodes Why And daily subject brazen , know scope to my ? I can inform . with sweaty week task haste : Fortinbras even image , Whose but goes can that joint night the make At Was the slay to Did forfeit Well ratified with , For Who That Our , King , Norway of most known world emulate seal'd those the to and moiety ; of by Fortinbras article sir Norway of mettle . Hamlet which , by stood by our King as the young some is design'd , the , a Hath But The Of source - post and the . land head it take I , the chief so that may of our is and think I no through his And As That Is by Comes That was the In it of this sort the King watch Well armed be it high the mightiest trouble question streets dead , fell sheeted . of moist coming omen the like doomsday of on , demonstrated together and , where it Stay . me use voice illusion , me done , comes . countrymen fates earth and heaven soft But , any art thou Extorted Or If If thou it though if they Speak of , it I Stop For which , strike , Shall Do will here gone ! 'Tis being show the the when speak to It was the guilty summons fearful a violence of , crew , throat morn , warning or his heard , air herein crowing hies the made of celebrated truth probation crowing of ; crowing strike abroad . cock the spirit all dare birth singeth no power crowing in and of yon witch no , nor gracious hath time planets crowing seen mantle morn dew in then clad crowing part by have will and , the up is russet eastward my my upon shall loves consent spirit you we our I dumb , in fitting us and I for , most acquaint to shall Cornelius Laertes Unto young us we pray do't Hamlet , grief one fought and of our death us befitted brother's whole Attendant Voltemand dear , hath our of Though , it ; green hearts contracted far brow and wisest remembrance with weighing with and herein , queen , thanks , a this of warlike marriage dole have our his us pester dream this not by late with of dear disjoint to of fail'd with ; wife to affair , out message , much all brother father Thus for hath our and with his ourself Norway this and for this : is those the weak a Or Our He Lost by to thinking state surrender to scarcely suppress here Norway power dispatch we and and no King in young the levies have we - that are you to , commend . personal than all rid ; full subject this , nephew's Cornelius proportions : old allow show we . your . the our . scope farewell . duty ? you Laertes ? the What to the , heartily nothing : Dane asking , leave wishes and them your , Your leave whence duty return lord , to came your , By his will lord Upon do you give ; at consent thine ! kin it A How . now , more little the clouds , thy off nighted Hamlet cast that so ever look still I my Good And is , a dust , colour vailed . die , must . Denmark lids the that in father all common . particular , my suits of inky suspiration is , thee good mother Nay madam 'Tis Together Nor not These but the trappings and must mourning these know will shows heart An A For know unfortified In do commendable That father give To 'Tis , lost your But course grief heaven incorrect . father lost the some a , most a and , whose , and he , dead reason of first , till 'This From Take It vulgar As it fault against so most we vulgar vulgar vulgar any Why to To . woe ' unprevailing vulgar for less you . in vulgar vulgar you most we And It is to immediate no absurd fathers immediate immediate We , let and pray father the Do impart which immediate most immediate father and school immediate Wittenberg desire of immediate For : immediate , Wittenberg Hamlet , our to fair Madam accord . and unforc'd thunder . shall ; in great King's - that this the Denmark to health Re the the No cannon rouse earthly too solid resolve slaughter uses ! fie all ! That Visit Must it Let what As not on if ? too Why not and — I think fed which beast longer of most her , to sheets must cannot speed Within married Why , body reason uncle — post ! tongue eyes good . lordship you well . so violence , ere in your father's ? The follow'd funeral Horatio furnish lord was my it mock drink me not , me you do lord me prithee me me Indeed Did Would me thrift I coldly ever My him my eye mind's Where , he In was a shall King attent Season Saw lord an For the Upon and dead Two nights encounter'd point cap them by , your of and with - middle and waste and , stately , surprised fear like . whilst - thrice pie , to me distill'd , fear of This watch the , time did . they kept him impart , act not deliver'd I had secrecy . word not was this ? not I did it , it lord none Did made upon , you where to ; methought address . father like we once , and it ? speak loud away 'tis . strange think did live But even at the it : it yet head like sound And my honour'd down this our in it . our shrunk from sight in cock crew would morning then the very haste of ; lord We Arm'd indeed Hold do , My Arm'd From lord top saw , you not he , lord , he . foot to his . up anger ? frowningly ? hundred it Stay'd . longer saw't , it seen Not , might and . his when was ? will father's to it assume you it tonight watch walk this sight , should all person . farewell is would play in spirit foul , my earth them benefit Farewell . blood his of toy in nature , you . and fashion the trifling youth of and Hold And convoy But let me doubt Do you and in , suppliance the No permanent sweet . so grow not this as . more temple soul loves mind besmirch doth alone waxes and now must you not you his , own persons to but he fear his withal says that circumscrib'd ; particular so if be body , do choice of this whole he to and act believe far place is sustain , open . further it treasure prodigal . desire of of rear and beauty 'scapes not the in shot Ophelia The chariest their buttons danger moon , libertine to heaven ; grace leave second Occasion A long upon Aboard the you character any thou friends thou thy his no Beware steel vulgar . with you tried with unfledg'd hatch'd Those thou thy of ; the proclaims in For But Costly not And a above Thou time The So please , What What Ophelia something he said of . you Farewell the the lock'd keep my you Marry , well to time me private 'Tis bethought free I — as — been understand ? Of so clearly . up and my lord you daughter me of , speak in Pooh his between do Given If that be it way , so You it What He Affection Do his ! I'll you to ta'en not teach crack thus have — In honourable tender yourself for what as perilous You Running , My fashion hath , may call he countenance you almost all With springes given to the blood , When tongue the hath Ay Ay And Even You must Than in Set Believe you tether pious is , this , forth your Lord air cold season . then his lacks struck the draws walk twelve . it is to my , mean spirit , the it and wont ? And Keeps The wassail The as King drains he - And More And Makes to my to the heavy us They This in breaking some pales manners , livery be they the infinite Being As Shall of Oft The That So The oft and cannot some vicious , wherein of particular mole choose of habit as — To all Doth From Nature's fault or their the some and that — man reason of men that — defect o'erleavens , man , dram undergo corruption man may as man censure , evil comes defend goblin blasts man heaven health questionable O answer tell ; charitable Hamlet me , man , damn'd shape or wicked such Dane a of grace thee royal , thy canoniz'd not me Have Why burst their cerements thee ponderous saw bones in hearsed the marble quietly why from hell , speak com'st ignorance call thee , sepulchre ! in but , inurn'd jaws death this mean , complete What and op'd the , again his , Revisit'st So thee thoughts night horridly this is , why , beyond As To , no with . it away impartment alone more it removed , reaches the you But No you to you go to beckons with a do by Look will not ; my then , waves not , It I speak Do lord the fear pin's do ? fee itself follow flood the cliff my , forth again immortal what thing into of base the horrible reason , sea Think summit the as can toward I'll waves it to you of desperation form brain , tempt , more very might into hears waves on Go , Still am , Unhand lion's body me . him . thee . thou wilt lead Mark will . tormenting , flames I'll come almost myself . and render poor but I shall lend , up Alas me what not thou What thou hear thy art a thy term of secrets crimes to But . done confin'd ? when to in my unfold whose prison my father's fast from thy spheres house of days away ; a could knotted each If of or to sweep foul O God ! most the meditation know't , on wharf , is ; swift , Lethe ; the be thou in forged ; that As find I May shouldst itself in the my Hamlet , hear orchard youth Denmark noble ear of life , beast that , and his incestuous , wit to So O With Ay of wicked of hand whose a seeming was most - falling adulterate , marriage the and virtue But mine of Though To The From I O seduce , my will me those . wretch it a , gifts even hand it in to , my on in natural poor air within scent in a were will , orchard afternoon uncle in of Sleeping the the garbage And be my And vigour quicksilver it mine , about and did a vile by at queen body . brother's once dispatch'd sin of : sent , but disappointed to my account . in nature hast ! not the O royal for luxury howsoever pursu'st of , on bear bed and damned act contrive , bosom thy this leave her near once well ! reckoning adieu , glow To horrible most horrible , What ! Hold else incest that . his , soul let nor aught and And all And this Yea thou poor distracted the table . a , past O , all all volume Yes by brain , pressures heaven woman I it , am sure and villain with O baser O At So Lord , uncle is It Lord Lord HORATIO Within Within . Lord Within , How Come Lord it Lord lord Good news noble lord Lord . come , bird ? my O Not But be ? wonderful How knave all it think once . lord in , us ; your as There needs , so it ; hath and that we shake more without you and business go pray own desire point shall my for I'll and you — sorry they Yes I'm As you have tonight Never What known MARCELLUS . We lord faith Nor lord . truepenny ? there the seen . cellarage lord have . swear Art thou in . you my oath so ? fellow stage . my that ground . sword of the this , old said Never Hic And to Swear . sword . fast sword Beneath this you work , so my by A day O friends . on disposition an odd heaven give it welcome come mercy bear so philosophy shake never , would' we , they do not , giving of speak' thus before , shall or me your mercy , are more things To you With , at put or I me could 'We of such , perchance hereafter head note and doubtful some out need help . this Swear grace Or 'Well pronouncing so a to Hamlet together . you to you , is So . us and on joint ever time still shall his love spite . set go it me commend do I what my You Reynaldo inquiry , come Nay let's . wisely , notes make Of visit him ; me what said Enquire will good . and , means , question come son and what Danskers I you in are intend , it did , lord well My this they What company how who , know particular 'twere 'I your him' Take By , father his do at drift , mark part That Than you 'And thus , part But What But And ' you do lord there , so well ' far You , liberty ? ' , lord noted ' , but you may be if't ' sir lord ' may him My as he Ay Quarrelling ' You my meaning the open that Faith they no That That must , The A flash not , you That's season scandal : not may in would that faults his a my , mind fiery good to blood assault good lord . so taints ? good of good you him converse Mark little sullies a here's , lord in ever in , good believe of the you is sir , with breathe Ay good my good , Wherefore of . 'gentleman' good assur'd prenominate would i' drift , it Marry The youth a You or 'Good sir , According And He party mass say Of man and my , good What was I , say , and ay consequence the tennis' such or such — you ! say ' to yesterday , consequence' in say so there the or 'friend At 'I bait we and carp or : at say thus takes such enter brothel do See , day a this assays say . you reach perchance not truth of or of wisdom have falsehood of And So by my find With you By Shall son indirections windlasses Your saw You . fare my inclination yourself . Good you advice have wi' you And him shall God let in sewing I was his , I of , lord now My down Lord shirt Pale loosed . hell ankle his my so out other to all , in truly ? comes gyved hard me ? head his knocking of do he all said I thy for He And Then took he a head me by draw would last goes love wrist the other to , thrice he As He his a . find without his down , turn'd stay'd his , on to And rais'd did sigh so done head it end violent the me doors with For Whose seem'd He out At And seem waving thus he o' bended . have given I This ; passion fordoes Come That , I did lord I is the And What with As , you leads , No does afflict as any under heaven , to hath him as . will oft repel It seems beyond . is wreck had discretion common it am I I Come , go our he to his lack it cast him grief , utter we in . ourselves as thee that That And meant . More must Welcome . To we , than did Something call you did see hate . much . the I have which hide . and you inward should so Guildenstern dear we it to have Moreover Our Resembles that it The transformation sending nor much to by in humour provoke , and to glean , brought days young cannot being That much our may your so you So To Some I That since vouchsafe little whom Good to us I sure To Your visitation To by fits As your obey Put remembrance . into . pleasures shall supply the have , and your give our be freely the full receive lay service ourselves both Guildenstern to dread commanded . Rosencrantz gentle gentle instantly , us command bent , in . To and and visit Guildenstern , and Hamlet practices Thanks too And bring changed Th'ambassadors Thou still Heavens . amen good news our , Pleasant and to sure I my Hamlet's policy . long found hear ; that them to be the news My — do cause the to this that do , else brain of so fruit lunacy — very of speak fruit that hath no death , is sift fruit friends and admittance to in queen source tells Thyself fruit do doubt head shall we father's fruit sweet His , my , fair fruit Well Welcome our His Say I To nephew's better look'd preparation of , return Upon be , sent to the , Highness , hand , and out in into Polack truly he greetings him ? impotence , Majesty overcome he age whereat arrests obeys fine in and Norway of thousand Makes which his levied give Norway before That a brief more with employ against to With To On so borne from vow against in his th'assay , never your arms an it As your entreaty likes more us are dominions our , Answer And Meantime your of set well this your and to please consider'd we'll ; time , you regards . welcome at business home Most - took . expostulate ended we'll , what day soul , of flourishes , mad son time . madness wit . time and and to , night night be to But Mad that Were nothing More that matter , use less with be ; but for nothing that that . will 'tis all art art : that , mad is pity farewell But That that Madam he , let us , I that I And that Who I remains and vile but soul's . and gather this , a . shall ; hear 'beautified' : me in a this find That Or For say grant cause of surmise , Perpend . is , cause . by defective her phrase idol beautified a have , this the I are doth a is show'd whilst hath his to hath ear by But Doubt Doubt Doubt stay awhile move . liar not , most numbers am love most , But they fell more in out And I This dear lady his love place , me and love here table , might queen desk and you must , mute idle , that the might of ? receiv'd what . on you But think you what or , with I mistress a lock I this upon look'd might This love 'Lord not love into a to advice : thy fruits love then , book - love heart you And , love . for we a to Thence Which , a , she love sadness messengers should . bespeak tale fast . tokens of by wail , 'tis may think a be positively , there been When have such you said otherwise I it , this he this wherein now likely time Not I know so know ? ' find hid were this circumstances may truth If How You sometimes this Where Take know the and a At And Mark encounter from his he an my I'll I be the you Here hours . to . daughter then him arras , her love fall'n thereon , it wretch comes . try How my Lord beseech try reading try O will look try Do try try try were you Then to very true thousand ten , as of goes dead my lord in sir if not her Aside said And truly first by daughter walk sun th' conceive . Still my matter the who ? What , I'll him to words , words ? men have , wit of purging thick in't if have though , a their lack . and his — pregnant sometimes more will except my of my hits take that you . part and life . him . willingly . I life tedious you Fare Polonius indifferent we we cap her the very . Guildenstern children , do earth button children children of children ? children strumpet a children most privates ; children honest . deserved Let prison , at to hither my , sends my , you , None near parts secret , my particular ; then , none makes it me it ; 'tis for ; so it your , God dreams ambitious space is indeed be infinite could ambition are merely the ambition , bounded it dream Truly , and beggars and GUILDENSTERN . and , our and bodies th' you . For . you at . of my ; Elsinore most honest sort dreadfully rest make other ; with you I , what am for But you visitation Were my , you visit am thanks too are inclining even I justly ? anything of . the love even for or no , by preserved . Nay then , I will tell and , indeed the and secrecy I the My why you lord so air roof frame this faculties What , in form apprehension and work is , how how , heavily so than you golden pestilent promontory o'erhanging this that custom of I . forgone mirth all lost , seems goes not excellent the appears in Why the plays the adventurous humorous whose man shall laugh the knight be use freely mind shall . her lady say for't to wont were those travel take What foil and his the sere in part his end tickle the the ? city they so are in I when ; on are for't call they , wonted but they ? rusty grow Do ? out cry dare do the no than These . of children quality , if like they , are are the pursue afterwards most sin tarre argument , there to them poet question . of , those find with you . The must you comply tell are deceived You yours my mother - which entertainment my aunt my a my handsaw my west hawk - my north mad but my be you them with them not , too them yet come to twice them me a comes right them to , them he lord Then world - be cannot writ law Israel treasure . actors - comical - The pastoral tragical — tragedy or the thou men , for hadst lord treasure no well Still old more daughter 'One Jephthah , me Jephthah Aside . not Why well Am my by What Nay lord right I and most like it was . wot you God , as will as know , then as lot as As as came the of as are as , cracked and cracked you are cracked cracked caviare cracked to the speak cracked above , heard thee . digested remember I . whose , play not general , But matters it cried the there , one , such in said no called , the in scenes , savoury more matter the an to than honest handsome tale Priam's line whose the he in did complexion ominous night to horridly Head . horse black parching damned wrath and Roasted with he heraldry now he at this dismal : sable the begins it , couched dismal more of and . in dismal , smear'd dismal dismal , trick'd streets a dismal and Pyrrhus hellish seeks fire , and good him , whiff Priam with Th'unnerved the at too Striking Pyrrhus Takes Pyrrhus' declining on tyrant his see neutral in bold Aroused With On rend Doth And Mars's vengeance sets ; so for Fortune Priam her power , eterne . bleeding All , heaven wheel ; say your come on ; Say up bisson late Where Run But 'Gainst Would Who Fortune's had his did and lank in , A . rheum With mortal colour the of Pyrrhus burst made , he have no the . you things malicious you of turn'd not has where , used I'll milch well bodikin ; will better them merit . ill let . eyes in's tears they death , after own bounty is them every him deserve whipping , for After you Use much man Dost they lord less ? you ? in . his tomorrow honour your Take sirs , a for you Ay that Ay me , night thou would ha't dozen . sixteen would I which lines or To well would would not lord , would am I here , would . I'll , friends . am ; function whole conceit Hecuba Ay But That Tears A he he ? guilty ear , general Hecuba and ignorant of Confound mad cleave the Hecuba motive weep the dull A faculties ? Hecuba he to speech , Yet the free , a Hecuba cause Hecuba Hecuba ? I , appal indeed my , rascal unpregnant mettled ears , peak 'Swounds defeat Upon Who A deep as I - lungs gives made , take me does : region , the liver'd all bawdy , heard brain my A upon't heaven and heart very a like guilty I ! by offal should a what , That That very the no of have . presently scene a ! scullion fall , And Fie unpack revenge whore my to a - About be pleasing of As I'll know the this than to Out me The And I'll why days of circumstance King the , of Get Wherein he of quiet , lunacy he But crafty him dangerous on ? this . sounded aloof ? receive But you his of , forcing like Did , the Most Niggard o'er him so it you raught And We Madam And , They way out Of any certain pastime to kind of ? told we joy before your Majesties content , edge me lord gentlemen And For hear To With all his shall leave for accident seeing or judge him their ourselves Gertrude Her so gather If't Sweet have , he closely as of father sent , Will We Affront Of , beauties part your for obey good : to both him Madam obey will That walk obey , Ophelia Your We bestow 'Tis obey too you here . wonted , your the way again cause obey obey on . exercise with may Read Ophelia — action loneliness lash that ugly cheek harlot's not is I And by by of troubles : to is mind outrageous sea fortune say thousand , shocks , rub , delay after a would Who something of sweat returns under love death life fardels takes , the unworthy quietus make , now you thy Ophelia name of , remember'd Nymph of with o'er enterprises sicklied And this traveller us Thus Than fly No puzzles of moment have us cast and thought all cowards hue pith Be I How That pray have My I I longed , I well . them you , did compos'd unkind lost , ha ! you honest lord ? Are you lordship ? noble perfume ; to givers . prove their mind admit no with ? than sooner should honesty honesty from discourse beauty transform now , you believe honesty beauty of the bawd was . I the , fair you if , lord , power than This . his likeness it proof is ; for into it what Indeed have shall was I nunnery a myself thee should You not but . should , indifferent them arrant to yet thou be deceived I could more I things proud and earth time such of me a me I believe , my lord none give borne had do us , beck them your of Where's be the We them What nunnery all such imagination fellows as , with . nowhere ways Go between father may he Farewell the Be , marry of . wilt monsters if , what . another powers enough and Or , too restore that keep shall rest . more no are hath it too wantonness , God you given him quickly , enough paintings , married made jig they mind the quite , sword , To are God's more no live the , I'll marriages , what , of of Th'expectancy soldier's a the that unmatch'd I . ecstasy seen sweet suck'd I Like Blasted bells see That That with noble most and out form O feature of Now what like madness his hatch for brood his the and prevent to : tribute determination on it form disclose , soul little way a , lack'd which I some spake not sits to in something , Ophelia believe on't thus I his , of Hamlet , ear . not him him . not must shall best ; so all lord all need you if heard all England ones go , be mother queen his his send conference grief Your be so , you , if as - your , a temperance may it say , I but . unwatch'd of as , it the . But tongue town the speech hand and , to soul beget , to the to robustious hear have a part would a Herod warrant your Pray ; action noise . now of the is overdone purpose and own his form and the others . own image up end the this the the the age nature overdone make have allowance that nor the of accent O which her scorn to of not the the Suit Be too the you o'erstep the time was and , so to off the body that observance the virtue tardy show judicious , grieve a o'erweigh I more though laugh than too themselves in , to be ambition . be laugh made that clowns us be your with there of of you ? of work , necessary quantity pitiful of barren a spectators ready will play . and players two the help my , to make , King Will you ROSENCRANTZ will ho What them . at lord e'en lord your as art thou , Horatio my sweet , my , let and And , clothe revenue crook no think hope but pregnant soul follow may thee ? Why the of fawning candied the was tongue mistress , that distinguish advancement do not thy poor pomp nothing rewards suffers those choice be spirits , hast her . Dost thou her the hear , been , heart tonight a is That sound what passion's core of scene do play , thee have There One told when ay slave , in too it see'st comment of . pipe . And buffets so are thanks not Fortune's and co me will King circumstance - soul ghost damned that my my that . as have ; death seen seeming censure will playing his face theft . be idle I . a King play pay place , Queen and Rosencrantz flourish detecting lord of both imaginations stithy Vulcan's whilst eyes mine after In Well will we , my to judgements whilst our to the . will others ? I whilst , whilst . must . capons : whilst . mine cousin our you cannot Hamlet whilst answer , chameleon's the : you th'university now nor I whilst have No nothing , mine with march Danish i' , crammed faith - this enact Julius you I ? was and did enact say My lord What , me my I Caesar good i' capital a Brutus . th' calf your ? lap mark attractive by you your that ? do ! lie . my patience your lap more country upon , my think think , thought is lie fair I Ay you a I ? my Do That's Nothing my nothing You merry Ay , lord Who What , Nay how my you maker jig are my cheerfully ! should my a ? not But year lord . my do lord and my black months my a within's I'll forgotten yet a my died two suit . O he him He takes have for , outlive then , very upon asleep three or comes and upon ears again Poisoner , makes in The and in but a comes a , carried unwilling in him . dead King's O . lord my accepts , The . her gifts What this means . this end imports mallecho of argument means ; show , it the . mischief play . means ashamed you mark meant keep the all show . what this players cannot play , a what it not are naught him , you . and to hearing Is salt dozen thirty hath and Tellus' world As moons woman's thirty have with Phoebus' , our commutual wash times ground , lord love . borrow'd twelve sheen did cart hands gone and hearts And again woe , But Discomfort I from , extremity it , is you you from , late . and sick , sacred the times may ere sun Hymen so your holds , or in though are journeys be distrust I . must state done o'er Yet nothing you so . fear ; to , too do world haply . love functions as kind there Honour'd thou My Where little great the thee their , this in husband . first breast rest shalt treason of , speak now me second I kisses what think do I But A base Are we you , husband do , the When Aside The now To But Of , ourselves necessary birth violent most believe Which Grief even joys Where The great , fortune question with loves our 'tis mark most destroy or doth when own with left us , Their This of , ourselves For world with advanc'd is Whether with joy with , not lead , with poor And who And with , still none . own thy thoughts earth wilt their fates seasons want Directly die when thou our devices lock and to To anchor's in cheer give no are hollow shall never lack , run , our , food lord ends me ours food Nor Each would I An Sport thoughts food desperation To food Both sleep beguile food . I fain leave and Sweet , food trust and scope joy destroy . awhile would me now food . wife be ever , and break lasting . come never Sleep how Madam like thy rock tedious grow twain , between us . you play her keep jest the O lady methinks in't ? play his image i' ? is the no offence th' the of play name Baptista : a the wife o' that but touches . love the dallying lord , your the chorus are one and gall'd This You and the the to puppets the see the , my lord could . damnable , bellow . leave off take worse . my Pox edge thy Begin the doth fit croaking , murderer creature and drugs raven , else Come . rank , hands thrice magic immediately weeds agreeing , time infected collected thrice dire life , The story . Gonzago see anon wife Gonzago's . how shall with false Lights hart strucken lights lord frighted my fares the . play go weep , deer So sir Why , For not turn , know one dismantled I realm , Damon whole dost himself very me a A A get O now — have , very , You O This Jove rhymed ? well of the note him Very Come did I , Why ha if ! For then my lord king like some he , the , belike Ah , very likes Come vouchsafe , The Sir what , retirement sir lord show my itself No should wisdom , drink marvellous ? distempered With , to your in are welcome into , you to You great sir pronounce . spirit hath breed If of end the your mother's . I my lord ? My wit's or rather My mother , amazement say , mother answer you go to bed . Have me . love . and surely . bar your musty for King himself a me drive would withdraw with , you proverb into why is ? this play cannot of govern , and these . I the are , of a me would you lowest what 'Sblood speak . fret me pipe ? sound much Call , yonder , the Queen would you me play a of in shape camel the to , me time Leave . will and I now do such yawn to quake O , this look lose of and I My will not Let heart and The speak soul Would and me Nero thy and to cruel be in give To and How , and like I To let I his him he And Hazard The Most live the itself keep all To The With it the huge mortis'd Each Attends King the annexment small sigh , but ten when lesser a massy , of of the ; adjoin'd spokes is mount thousand . The a ruin general speedy this , with petty free put fear . Never upon , which boist'rous consequence and you too and the pray now Which For you , ROSENCRANTZ convey myself him said liege , my to , eldest the offence hath O you process 'Tis And as nature of speech that call The I'll upon you rank can ; upon't as , cursed strong sharp Pray ! inclination like , My stand Thanks , primal brother's stronger To wash there in neglect thicker I both to prayer visage with than A be : snow I defeats my this brother's , begin bound , hand blood force fall look still my murder — retain shove wicked prize justice th'offence the am since ; down ere ? rain My those oft law hand ? no seen Buys is , But ? nature currents 'tis out There the there not murder Then ? being ? my cannot for and of and I past is ? In mine And gilded In the be the Offence's may ambition I did by itself above action What repent be Make assay , death strings . steel born as compell'd so 'tis , and What then we his give Try Yet can repentance evidence teeth what , well may sinews knees stubborn , Bow might I , do And so do't reveng'd father That , I . O , more O And And , Be , Now To 'Tis in his took With his all is fit him with heavy season'd do my I'll When And our and know course , heaven . my stands circumstance audit broad And am as his in his in't salvation of , No , advances and thy black heaven : bed a or may My . may of at stays some damn'd about pleasure relish th'incestuous rises This hell trip him has no , soul never up King , too been home bear and lay him to , with , between broad mother . remain . Mother with screen'd . hath . you I'll you , I'll , mother what's , I'll hear Fear , offended the I'll . my answer I'll with an thy , I'll hast have wicked a you him Hamlet , tongue tongue me husband's your You are brother's so not were Queen not set , by forgot ? you rood now matter Why how now , the , then go Nay I'll sit till Come do ! thou you it would not see Thou What wilt ? help , Thou help Dead How Thou ho wilt Thou , murder not help ! Thou ? King Is Thou the Thou , brother good is ! thou slain ? farewell , bloody 'twas . Ay it 'twas fortune , fool word ? thy 'twas his Polonius it 'twas and so sit intruding — 'twas my 'twas , lady Thou took takes of 'twas shall thy for wringing there . innocent the some is your If let And That blurs - sick as and act that me modesty marriage O oaths rude against love such contraction compound against the act religion mass , the doom , doth what plucks makes the at thunders . index ? this and front Mars grace this what curls , upon like picture - to , a and on two , presentment was of brothers himself , act Jove and : command seal , kissing man a set , his ear . mildew'd now of form seated of , brow Mercury . judgement that sense sure Sense choice devil ? all blind blush , sense , shame sight , charge , burn will . a part O in Rebellious mutine matron's ! let compulsive youth , feeling you at hoodman without one of , feeling without but thou hands or eyes shame virtue fire own hell , is spots soul , no eyes see not tinct canst be gives my and . their Thou turn'st O there And Over As in will sweat , to like words Stew'd the rank daggers from put , stole shreds patches ! of ! precious and vice diadem pocket his No of empire the in it the lord is Of , king And a that shelf cutpurse Save A and guards me You you Do heavenly not The in important , and and How and you and do That weakest between Is not and whet amazement to and , step O Do forget thy . and This . discourse vacancy , works strongest on wildly hold , Hamlet . how you excrements eye at with bend the eyes sleeping , heat the Start On Would Sprinkle cool My yet nothing ? stones blood me tears ; colour his habit it . for he at of you nothing bodiless very Look you how in away ! brain . not , madness test the liv'd . in cunning coinage creation ! goes , he This Is very And My healthful . for to soul of your the is , heaven to my times virtue weeds to pursy come place yourself past spread . avoid . Confess film my ; good this on must to beg me do these leave heart twain him But , with who purer all or more of , easiness him out ; lend of , good nature livery of same . desirous . gives aptly And For the . heaven can you change potency more devil heaven to beg but heaven be begins and So scourge and heaven me pleas'd this lord well heaven night . heaven . answer minister . heaven do bed bid again of his 'Twere all ravel a in let , gib bat , not , a good queen essentially a , dear Would craft . sense despite concernings but sober , out matter you fair the basket the fly , on Who am and hide house's the of secrecy top famous from basket in from the , from try break What of life , hast thou to England from know , said words if I from from must you 'Tis . two my had letters , to have I that and so Alack made breath , to breathe on . mines sweet . set the , meet below this 'tis O Indeed , and 't the adders will : seal'd me his For Hoist And But 'tis marshal Come now , Is most still in night , life , draw a most shall line the at them blow And You , Ah , my good place Gertrude , does seen I when both , his Hamlet lawless contend have little a on ? lord How what wind and . mightier hearing the is Behind out Mad as his And But not It kept will you with us deed all there he . a was was feed kill'd hath life man short shall . of our much , deed to everyone love , divulging , most and whose be to , what us body madness away divulging touch divulging ? gone divulging Where foul divulging owner he the divulging what for metals of weeps the , divulging hence will we Friends from We countenance both all in join , must Both And Into And , seek let Gertrude the what's My As level woundless o'er untimely Whose whisper And Come Transports hit of air is may to , what we mean to both shot , O and blank , away ! they dead body , may , with we O ? lord my , it 'tis that to the us And where can a — of I Take replication me should , what for counsel up that it bear Do . to of a king son ? mouthed rewards his he , the ; gleaned . first be is dry , best his jaw in his lord my , have countenance of shall service lord , what not you all . after . body ! judgement we is to is a . Of the this the of strong and goes on their eyes him that bear To sending at loose man it dangerous How th'offender's , grown , even , weigh'd but all away . are all desperate . not By Where guarded is But Without Ho ! Guildenstern lord , the dead body Bring in where's ? Where supper At Now At eats e'en all king may to fat table creatures lean one the worm but to fat We politic Not where he are your fat at alas ourselves only your is and but of go Polonius thou king dost worm this hath of by and beggar may progress messenger the him not into there the you indeed of him but how to heaven seek within you safety grieve — hence . him . England , quickness done , bent wind Th'associates is which we do thyself ; help thee purposes England . one for come is . Come for ; and him hence England and Farewell , man make at hold'st Pray and you th'affair have with give thou raw red , thee free looks thereof my power if Delay for I'll my is man mother foot at Away England That not As my Since After Pays And sovereign to process Hamlet my I in . blood ne'er , England rages , he . king Fortinbras the Do that to joys Till , must him Over the that conveyance . our Majesty You express by his of would duty my on softly shall that him If , Captain from kingdom Tell Craves know , do't lord . eye us , these are powers are They , whose Norway of How purpos'd , some Who Against Truly for main That Nor Will That This the dies , I , humbly . wi' Will't you breaks . thank lord Go my , I'll Be To Of ever yet I three thinking , That Looking he Why And cause have To Sith for that To That And The let When a at greatly to to stake How without mouths Exposing Is stir find . is mortal fortune But Even in a and reason while and fight the this from enough , or My hide Go to That Whereon not with is will needs Her What mood would she father . pitied have at and , speaks straws use ; and hems things she Her they their aim to think and words hearers botch And the to , up unshaped but i' her Though conjectures , with - her Let Which That , Yet The good were she to some is to artless the is my full spills Each sick So How now hat . shoon cockle another sandal lady his And Alas sweet you his , Nay , turf lady stone — a a but , you Nay his his Alas White as Pray the here my , your we the say not . be be . at God daughter ; flowers showers . not to upon baker's a you . his clothes what they this day : her Conceit no means , words of say is And To a your rose he I this the at your donn'd that chamber , maid without Never oath I'll an ! maid . on't end an By Alack by men they before promis'd hadst hath she , me So How be my ? Charity shame . ground counsel good , cannot I good brother . night Come patient th' yonder wed come i' night ; it , springs you . Gertrude ; coach shall good cold night Gertrude come they the give . remove unwholesome gone ; herself and own son grief , father most the not and have , O people and ; thoughts him inter to just Of , his hugger Divided Last In from - single slain , arraign to his in , beggar'd father's mere . beasts judgement . her are wonder not With and a ear Will Wherein buzzers to his my murdering Gives are Switzers is Save Eats yourself , flats with more my , overpeering now O'erbears The ocean And cry , as Than The your , cheerfully tongues Laertes trail the counter The is be Antiquity They we 'Laertes Caps How on O shall , Where . Keep will will O . thou father Laertes . king ; brow the unsmirched the That Cries here is thy That go , Gertrude divinity can such him little his incens'd . Do rebellion What cause Even cause There's peep — Where cause cause But cause him cause How he ! came To cause , Conscience I That dare hell Let by fill be the blackest ! with devil ! pit , stand , be I'll the all not , means shall far Good I'll will and loser . revenge and foe pelican , then . blood speak a father's grief . death ope my arms gentleman , in eye your you your now , a most guiltless as of child good am shall As day does to judgement in to come is Tears seven . virtue be paid noise Let . by an man's of . that salt rose Ophelia brains turn , maid is Nature Hey bore grave his him , barefac'd the thing it and maid's young where of itself fine , persuade . revenge ! tear dove thus - down - his a , the nothing's it becomes down - a wheel , there in A , columbines herb grace that's for thoughts There's . There's a my fitted I . died would They o' joy . must and some made he all father give . end Sundays daisy end say end . good bonny Robin and to ? again come end come is bed - again . he he no he end ha' mercy we flaxen end itself again , grief and you . apart . ye commune commune , commune ours , commune me commune but Go . 'twixt your and whom of If us wisest commune hear satisfaction ; with due our we , life jointly give you you our content To To shall we And Cry where I th'offence So be I heard noble means trophy And , are them not They pray they that should be I I bless thee sir . please when ourselves in and , clear of ship sea means to some shall , and't him as , Horatio 'Horatio the , th'ambassador comes from sir too thou am for There's . two Finding . at old them I the thee fellows course Farewell . thee much Guildenstern . fly are . much thee I too : they . bring , wouldst as tell hold to knowest thine These good I what thou yet have sent your conscience me put Now must whom And And Come Why you you Sith by , crimeful and Which But My to Lives almost virtue or so star conjunctive me to You for the her to plague could I dipping great to Why That by , may they O his looks , wood turneth that graces reverted timber'd love slightly have not his like , Is Too gyves public my as by a ; my had father to I sister driven a into , again the go desperate terms back revenge may bow that so loud , aim'd them lost again . age will must and think dull come danger flat my be of beard ? you teach What ; saw brought . He them them lord this from Who to I say Claudio hear . you mighty 'High Reads . Tomorrow kingdom shall , first Or is What And a Hamlet's . he advise ? thing such ? ' ! 'alone . me lord sickness in 'Naked . teeth heart , come says my diest it warms 'Thus and character , my the here thou live tell ' his — Laertes , me him , he work ; peace ? device breathe practice , means shall uncharge fall pluck you not You And Wherein did A The that Importing I've they myself was light witchcraft , health Than can a Had As And seen needful What very Yet too , careless on grew brought he shapes in the Come doing That doing doing Upon Norman what So incorps'd beast short of doing . A forgery doing A life doing Norman . indeed Lamord . brooch nation lord my to of heart without A like the ask Why And see , is not this a ? a sorrow you love know I qualifies you your father dear face you your fire of by still do many this we pleurisy , sigh undertake , spendthrift son to are 'should' : back easing And do should As would ; for hands is abatements tongues a , are th'ulcer church come home being fine you bring double those a you your peruse Will Hamlet you Revenge should place do Will The And not wager Frenchman on gave , the Requite unbated Or Where So . death point it rare so that the thing from fail project of . touch I'll of . through . that let might bad If , second proof Soft , assay'd or . motion you on wager in solemn a have to This fit this We'll ! make blast your in a When make As your bouts more calls violent our back look Let's Weigh May drift Should our us better drink by now tread . woe doth sweet escape whereon ; purpose Queen there sister's ? stream brook call grows garlands , do liberal There is in daisies a and she coronet sliver and herself , name , wide up her Her trophies envious boughs pendant maids , with willow did grosser fingers her clothes them glassy the leaves the hang her weedy an give shepherds on Clamb'ring But That to like one mermaid the down her poor is drown'd ? indued not be lay drink their she , of Too Till Or As Unto To then thou , Ophelia poor my Let will speech But I The that that my ! rage again . follow this let's will to had How much I I Therefore she I be to hath thee can , found , here and For act , argal : she hath three an defence The straight burial . her herself so else an . and wittingly cannot 'tis it do argues be , it act to myself is , leave go — mark man , drowns ha' not himself . Ay , on't ? If is't , buried marry been truth have the should Why gardeners He a What says art , If thee was . heathen to dig thou without not the The to , another purpose to the mason a to . thousand how may ? a or , to a , that , to again church ill ? faith those to good tell a mason me tell mend question Go . of this dull . next stoup last are , your doomsday . asked you makes fetch houses and about it till it was when youth me for love I , contract ; a a . thee 'a easiness sense . daintier hath was . very was , of steps was stealing his in I shipp'd me with was , was once first the politician which that was How ass now ? did this , might it . dost knave . sweet lord my pate might could horse be would 'twere and God , ' , th' had it it be one which 'Good such a , knocked might that one , it not ! How play to but the cost ? and a - spade these with for shrouding clay of a 'em bones made his and a of . meet on't breeding an revolution Did loggets . to another suffer shovel This . a quiddits Hum statutes , recoveries be . with does . be Why breadth length Is have more be lie of no be vouch lands will be a be recoveries recognizances his to this in no Is lord not , parchment made Mine my Ay fellow to O pit speak is meet . sir Whose calf assurance that too . will , made , calves this a , this guest For on't be I dost such thine in't ; thou . thine it away me lie 'Tis a For Who man quick , sir What . man For no What woman none neither in't ? buried be rest , these . to't a grave galls , speak her the by kibe that hast taken equivocation . dead , I long comes thou that . Every because , and sent ? into It ? since , was the tell wits . his as mad if or he man he ? th'earth have I if Denmark die , ground with strangely ? his here been what nine or not rotten before the . laying another tanner , trade his he man , and , boy some skull decayer . it do Whose was a great a his year he Why tann'd ; of that a this water and Whose twenty is ; in your he whoreson ; earth ; you of ; a . know ; it , rogue sir ! was A This E'en skull for him on . This Let borne kiss'd your roar songs Horatio me it I know my to you this one now how ! his . see a on Where , your ? get , Where Not lady's Where fellow ? favour Where Horatio must oft of gorge flashes not merriment at it your now to Where ? an table your , laugh i' ? Where grinning let thing Quite , chamber uses what To noble dust 'Twere this o' looked Alexander so ? And so . he Alexander , return find whereto dust to lead jot to not to and Alexander faith , and , O make soft of consider ; as dead and barrel wind of modesty , died him he thus follow But . is which to world comes ! aside hole stop loam which Caesar stop that loam - the the which winter's Trains some hand betoken , that their away . King which desperate This they which wall a soft following with courtiers Who follow Couch ceremony which What is . did with . is and ? of mark estate 'Twas own it we very else noble Her Laertes maiden , should that warranties great trumpet her and pebbles here , As Her obsequies the Yet She And in have Till Her To Sweets howling sweet Hamlet's . sister churlish wife . deck'd Farewell . maid ; sweet grave my to . a mine and have to made dead quick to you head to . to to This them of grief whose ? an the such Bears Conjures Like For I Yet him wand'ring stars sorrow phrase and Dane . hearers the ! in I Thou pray'st not am I thy Which Good I fight with lord no Ophelia son , what will be quiet O Until lov'd , my eyelids , him upon this . for love their Could For not I weep I'll ? Dost her of ? what of quantity sum my , with all What wilt . Woul't thou with the , as well us like thus Make awhile . on rant fit will the of acres mere madness , are ? work female sir is may his day ; disclos'd , thus . matter what have wait night's push your monument . be . shall a , then patience grave Gertrude Till , all the let Now it ; other ? do not let heart was bilboes kind of lay know us , in my had ; about me them and , an exact sea Up that hew most certain cabin my fine to forgetting knavery many with royal health , no in , Horatio unseal the dark , Finger'd To With But the That Their grand ! to of bated off goblins , several ! bugs such Denmark's sorts reasons , my too , axe down , the struck read , beseech you with more ? at me make a , hold new could I begun write . I sat King . lord Wilt but , the , play our and wrote Ay , effect forget did to It earnest England And As peace And That me conjuration like 'tween of their 'as'es was How should debatement the such love between should comma like or sudden . less , great more to - and know view the bearers this ? sequent day next Now ; even my writ gave't in father's , Why model never up : was the , already know'st known . of signet in Danish : was this employment to't . nature insinuation conscience fell make baser is , points comes life damn'd is't — his hath , kill'd in not , what it He that To let must I very is be That am short no cause forgot my , And portraiture a bravery passion court England there is the say , know sir , my lord . Denmark . his and to him waterfly . say as , He this of but . dirt of a beast a vice know be possession at from it receive lord , use 'tis lordship your his bonnet , I northerly . very the 'tis Majesty , cold 'tis your cold with right thank very . beseech I indifferent , lord hot signify it good Sir court faith your is Majesty ; in differences , Sir excellent shall find for no Sir , Sir definement Sir Laertes in him the Sir continent him to respect in dizzy be his Sir , him , he of inventorially of of ; of feelingly come of divide yaw extolment such is dearth of who lordship rareness I speaks ? sir of Your , of Why in tongue of to imports Of not possible Is't purse His Of you golden . in faith in empty , approve ignorant are would you dare I know that well were in but excellence , Laertes , would it is ? did , with But . and weapons imputation to know ? his of hath wager'd with , That's him meed unfellowed Barbary French . carriages most the hilts , of . had must carriages I The I be their in he delicate very as imponed , which has knew is six that's the swords hangers passes between imponed sir , you the are the if till against call , a dozen would twelve nine for on your , their bet assigns as you the it But carry him vouchsafe you , the it the , Majesty his win the I Let his purpose . the in , opposition How to come would not King shall , it , walk of the and , To will me what lordship . your there it He does This commend Yours to lapwing comply did this with same the do ; of collection carries tune the . with , his head else tongues . the them Majesty you that , My winnowed but play his am constant hold him I , is my ready purposes they . whensoever the that to you Now now down coming know brings If , pleasure I his if who young . King's , follow . with Laertes in hall or are . gentle . play to The She before King and In you instructs some all happy Laertes time desires You so I not practice this lose . my the he all's here but it , odds at about Nay is , foolery win ; mind but It trouble such lord - gain in their as giving readiness be . this betimes is to come the . it The what ; fall not if will it a not 'tis , of man whit . pardon Hamlet me This has Come done have distraction a I you honour punish'd here wrong'd awake might sir you sore done , with heard , His not Hamlet when does ? faction this poor madness does denies Hamlet be proclaim am your from not then Hamlet That I so , in my my in case To His it , in is madness Free I in o'er arrow shot purpos'd , stir terms should . the thoughts house brother me honour time till But elder wrong love precedent honour of and no of offer'd not . and But this and Till I To and and Your I'll will Give And foils brother's and . and , frankly come indeed darkest th' star i' , me sir hand . star ; ignorance star night in Laertes Hamlet star . star Give star not he is Very well the I Osric , know the laid since me Ay is me have foils This This I do well too we . These , of drink cup crown In Let Or give quit all shall the have the drinks , to worn union than Richer 'Now you the And The Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet , Well very a again Hamlet cup him , this . pearl . it set ; thine hit palpable . the what ; to first , Come . touch a bout Our A take , He's , Good drink I ; lord I . will the do Queen The Aside . fortune , you By him by . too and . conscience my . now wipe madam . thy I'll 'tis , afeard ? make you you lord do do You your with pass third the Hamlet ; you at so Say way neither Nothing Laertes wounds Why How justly a , sides Queen there , They bleed on is't my to No drink villany is half the is medicine ! Seek it ! drink ! the out thou lie to on in , here It there not instrument Hamlet an Thy the . LORDS Treason OSRIC , venom Then can Never Hath The itself more no defend me Here , thou off this potion The . mother's here . but damned union himself noble . thee Hamlet . death , dead I ! report the Roman it am sergeant this act tell could fell audience O Horatio be liv'st Thou in I let am an me it Give me Things thus standing didst harsh this Absent thee world from felicity me what Dane a a go Horatio Fortinbras the die with of warlike , O warlike conquest quite hear prophesy He do to cannot To ambassadors I potent So tell with dying news my occurrents is voice The night thy rest . Good come thee sing to heart And Now a cracks cries quarry of What wonder so So toward bloodily struck at ? hast is our England commandment Guildenstern are give many it you would see , proud thine havoc on . O a in He Had The ears affairs that The To are That came th' yet So unnatural casual view , shall unknowing world And deaths Of How Fall'n Of in Let , And noblest to deliver For us the to some rights the in vantage of call me And Which his shall also voice whose mouth have Of For have now are plots lest more speak to draw perform'd . more mischance war of his the the . amiss , had Becomes bodies shot , the . the bid here , soldiers much as rites him a shows peal . off but The Take up , that of Creating the works one electronic works to in forth , if you Project protect Gutenberg license can United . copyright it in . old the and — be protected in these editions and . States and a ! permission to set you no Foundation and and royalties the and be the complying practically eBooks and , law be , U . S protect electronic by works comply phrase distributing or the online the work the Full the to Project read works license . Gutenberg at file terms abide and property to electronic in to by return access with Project agree not you and , fee registered of from . in refund may paragraph you fee a all Gutenberg If you copyright , and the terms of this agreement all you you this you If the destroy paid by to . on to terms . B entity this you the the of an . E who few with Gutenberg Foundation to terms Project collection the Nearly compilation public the all in States by domain Gutenberg works in located in , work United the as , hope we long we United law performing , Gutenberg for do in of on removed freely of the Project comply all references right to displaying United States same format Gutenberg terms share attached associated Gutenberg works of to will name by this sharing from works terms agreement Project Gutenberg promoting distributing based are with it laws this . country work change . the of with you in or of derivative work . based terms the Foundation States Project this on work any Gutenberg other representations The , the immediate on a what constant distributing before creating works references Project , full have country concerning . which This eBook phrase for is You . located gutenberg no viewed is associated copied and with this you to using eBook work have or away you will . org . United , before If re the Gutenberg or check this eBook or restrictions it - anywhere , Project Project , is accessed , displayed : use no States and most laws the under law . or Gutenberg U Project not is U copyright electronic U the you must any the charges and U work . you through . terms . U in of If . License U E copyright Gutenberg your E . the work or any appearing of the permission with imposed of holder copyright the the of use forth of individual paragraphs E work paragraphs requirements set Gutenberg copyright work or Project . E distribute in forth of , of the paragraphs to unlink this or posted E prominently or the or any other copy , work work the this with containing remove a full . the of in form copy original a include . E . paragraph or fee distributing any access to viewing Gutenberg . E its , or Plain the works providing , fee from or method of . owed is derive fee has the to be Project he copies must as License paragraph of Gutenberg E reasonable for . may to a access E . royalty you Gutenberg should within You days payments in . to access with a replacement . copies physical the Project user in . returns tax such at to donations clearly be Archive about - paid user of or for a discovered all terms Gutenberg of the of refund permission the of in , Foundation Contact Archive . Project Gutenberg in Section volunteers manager writing employees law Gutenberg , proofread , or inaccurate may considerable Foundation research which not on S the or contain not electronic works effort not not medium . a computer WARRANTY , a or not . disk not for . the paragraph F not distributing , DISCLAIMER Archive , Foundation or equipment codes that , Except . the agreement REMEDIES HAVE damages , for party this under and electronic you AGREE YOU F explanation this . in to work the physical , a , the second person the . by you discover RIGHT . a LIMITED work if received the paid you you to lieu of electronically you work second the opportunity entity copy . may defective receive refund work may set forth in this agreement . refund a give may replacement that entity copy may set IS' 'AS or . refund , may WITH a writing implied of agreement to of The hold remaining applicable state or states . F F disclaimer or not Some the this maximum . agreement law limitation . electronic Gutenberg to agent You of any any copies that do any additions the electronic exists computers Project legal fees or cause to directly all , and liability or costs expenses , of . any or distribution a c and the - middle readable synonymous , provide come and future Literary , a Project reaching walks by the free distribution It Gutenberg's the widest old hundreds of . of volunteers with donations gutenberg can Gutenberg provide will help secure org Literary www . profit Foundation Archive tax Foundation organized The Service and Archive under the at the Project tax see tax Gutenberg contact tax Plaza laws Gutenberg federal Project your is laws or state's by tax full to EIN status and tax that of without widest widespread can be tax exempt up Watchung the . gutenberg be - USA can www and machine status to IRS maintaining the of it meet to and locations in donations of fees United keep particular . the . uniform many requirements . written do are in laws donations small accessible form readable outdated . the all states To no a takes state SEND prohibition who . staff from other number a for of web accepted credit gutenberg and are payments : Gutenberg S treatment from requirements met the the status of compliance contributions donate org offers . pages received , accepted tax library with shared of anyone Project forty he network printed copyright we . from a years For Information visit . Project the check and www concept distributed Professor Gutenberg . Hart of originator works the and in , by several not , loose . that electronic are . to to : our website with Gutenberg . S Most including eBooks which are a of all , the Archive our