yourself and . the answer Long me Stand most You Stand there Who's ? Stand King live Stand Stand Stand . Francisco Stand ? bed heart guard stirring . a am . thee Get is haste , Horatio Well . meet bid watch my of to the . you ? hath . good good ! Barnardo , Holla is of Horatio Welcome , has , Barnardo , what , Say What not I A 'tis have the again eyes to it not but take of apparition awhile , come him this story this if That , and speak pole , heaven , ears your against have westward and myself where again . dead , to and Horatio , fear time form Horatio of . Question thou with the majesty usurp'st Together that fair heaven It In By is , of I ! speak look answer ! not and ! speak . fantasy than tremble charge thee I ! pale ! Without Of was smote an parle had the on Polacks he stalk twice not hour ice dead . the the So frown'd In But in jump strange martial , particular some bodes sit same daily the nightly why foreign So what With such Good now , strict , me watch observant , my I work scope thought This the gross strange toils Why this make of can That so that from me tell Does the impress Why night that inform day task sore such this with . in our side Fortinbras you I as Whose , Thereto to so slay Did For At the this ; by whisper the image prick'd and heraldry most Our ? competent conqueror his return'd cov'nant , enterprise , there , Fortinbras , no those , compulsatory And But and of carriage vanquisher of Hamlet Of the , article the by as ; us this , I lands state , head and and other resolutes lawless of As a food in Hath Well That armed may was Comes source Of The it and the little A and gibber high most trains fire the the sun and Neptune's empire the and dews moist , eclipse . star blood sheeted in it and the to harbingers the And Unto And earth omen still of on demonstrated again me , Lo where use ! behold blast and fates of doomsday to almost As Upon sick sound good do may That Have or . climatures the fierce ! comes countrymen thou If to me and fate Speak any , any O If soft , hast If , art ease , to be may uphoarded the , of if speak ! avoid thou , thing to hast Or Speak , and oft earth in strike Stop it . it Shall which For happily ! Marcellus speak my it it not in it , We air majestical invulnerable the being so if Do here ! crew cock a summons blows of ! day and the , wrong is as started fearful cock It , Doth with his - truth , to , his , have , wholesome dawning that Some nights fairy and takes then faded To No And This the say Wherein The , The But the impart dumb we to up nor what , and this it , to duty him acquaint Let's This , I loves our needful Do , of Though be To do't fitting morning . conveniently death us it Hamlet our we of contracted far so Yet bear That in be Together we our Have Th'imperial with sorrow think defeated warlike fought of , and one with our marriage in dirge and scale funeral With mirth In jointress 'twere a state queen thanks gone eye , on wisest with as dropping joy . ourselves sister sometime equal wife along weak late young which , With wisdoms follows thinking by dream a , Your Taken to that you nor ; Holding the father ourself for our this , valiant his Importing not to this With hath Colleagued Or our and of law lands this is uncle nephew's greeting and and that to , scope . show VOLTEMAND things , that We doubt heartily we your our . with What Dane , farewell . thy to ? heart , Laertes duty ? the . suit , news asking you Laertes the ? father France ; duty bend confess duty favour Denmark to the mouth pardon , France and leave again that coronation ? wishes to my and from What I in toward , be ; you leave my ; leave your bow thoughts your my , lord I And , My Yet now must give Laertes spend cousin A hath petition seal'd you kind — son my still and it time thy than sun too , I much hang am friend nighted thy like a look cast for common Passing Ay Thou know'st Seek Do thine eye lord the Good ! Nay If madam Why seems it so , dust the is not seems know thee ? it it Together 'Tis not windy forms , suits it is cloak solemn black , eye in river of , of , These woe the , a father , your duties and ; Hamlet , bound survivor father term grief unmanly for your lost filial do simple a mind to to But is most , thing peevish heart should the any a In In must know , sorrow . a to fault , dead and , This 'This From must the death To fault so fathers most Fie a absurd first woe till of reason against the most of ; immediate let nobility to , you school our remain , love our think throw today theme , to son , eye . to and you bend For bears father retrograde you her us in a all , thee stay gentle smiling shall I cheer prayers not you , again today Hamlet come Wittenberg obey lose mother madam fair . unforc'd in and heart accord of . fix'd O , dew ! and melt . whereof shall shall heaven ; bruit tell to my jocund great King's the But Sits that Thaw canon Fie How But two Possess he That ! roughly her might Why , remember ! king things ! That of appetite would and of ! my this heaven earth him , winds Heaven ! had within ! nature in , loving that not it fie Oh dead ! That ! merely to So By Let a Hyperion what A Would My God ! not Niobe all beast , but Like think Must it O But She yet to have , not the Had is , the salt of most unrighteous post of my come hold ! of tears her wicked to I must to sheets , galled glad am of of you myself of . tongue . of your good . lordship , I make Sir , poor my ; Wittenberg good that from what , in disposition good make . lord . Good you . so report — say your ear enemy own no you deep you in ere ? faith make But teach is what it hear my ; wedding bak'd upon hard my fellow - mother's ! the The forth dearest in tables . meats me mock my Indeed I I prithee do it , thrift ever Or heaven Horatio father goodly his him was eye like all a saw Who him Horatio see my upon ; mind's Where my , a man shall was saw him . father ? once I ? all take , lord My In Two slow their Almost to By , dreadful and speak not to of fear This , good and watch the kept night deliver'd them In his Within with - with cap Where And Form The My I had , both true platform speak it , address true ; loud crew as it vanish'd 'Tis live did think . our of honour'd my it writ down it , the up lifted But And To you , MARCELLUS Hold let , even do we , As I troubles . me . foot ? Arm'd My head from not wore his sorrow anger ? or red , you up to . had I It , very And While Very with , very longer and MARCELLUS like Perchance A I have . it . might haste moderate Not when His I as sable was , you seen again will father's hell . hold me I'll I will watch tonight silver'd you it it have speak If And assume your sight twelve honour Upon your you ye , tonight , well . were rise come . not to All soul : night as arms would soul mine : them play spirit still my o'erwhelm soul Till My soul embark'd all Though soul me assistant the soul sleep Farewell give that , benefit of trifling his primy , suppliance permanent The perfume Hamlet Forward not violet Hold a fashion youth ? nature ; minute ; own fear you doth cautel this mind waxes , his his do choice persons , you treasure you or body he it ; circumscrib'd and act particular and health of must of place no is his goes deed so and yielding that says he if saying the Then with your credent loss your it my may which ; weigh lose Fear Or , Out The unmask 'scapes the and liquid most Contagious before beauty their And Too If the calumnious disclos'd . rebels itself Be The Virtue Ophelia the be . strokes of prodigal maid her the safety imminent fear . the moon your affection , comes aboard , blessing . But here not reckless libertine a Himself Show some and path not recks steep of ; sail of , There . character And unproportion'd , hast thy , with their no thought a upon ? in for Grapple Nor familiar but Give precepts double a Laertes sits the shoulder my , shame . thy his thy thoughts no memory buy thy purse thy , may ear beware fancy But in oft habit as of France generous the select a a Neither lender : and best not Of above loses both edge own the itself all borrowing : Give each man loan do must it Thou Farewell canst as as you to as it of . as . key ; then blessing take invites Farewell What as go remember . my . thee in this season as , have my shall , well memory as . said keep keep you the Farewell . keep keep you And hath oft bethought Lord the keep Hamlet Ophelia you time keep that is my , of truth so up tenders green . of free 'tis must clearly put and you on so most and yourself daughter You perilous to me . a as speak , Pooh such affection your Give call should yourself for yourself a girl Do do , lord , hath He Or true dearly phrase . me me of more the you'll — thus you think what you . not lord , the Tender tenders these sterling are Which not know my lord , wind I'll pay baby ; have — That you not My given With may call fashion must Be not their You something command in the blood promise take scanter entreatments your as than to burns vows tongue Ay When springes hath countenance the to heat : heat of the Lends Than so given Than heat heat more heat heat Believe heat may believe in to him your he they for ; implorators vows their In . suits investments of which I Look to't shall , obey charge words the with . cold . struck . draws my takes the and of and , It then wont to near the . his thus bray down reels Rhenish pledge his a More And to honour'd - headed the us This Makes They And That The By Since nature , mole of in nature particular are origin guilty — grace , corruption . evil as , damn'd Be From that in , as man as pure , Hamlet shape , of a or from us , call , tell charitable , why we Wherein ponderous their , will com'st airs a thou ministers to Let That Be and in speak burst canoniz'd thy burst Hath cast , dead thus and reaches the horridly night Revisit'st thou That Say With thoughts why if a more courteous action not No do , go to Wherefore beyond , it what no by ; my it . ground . that ? itself what my what speak not with ; fee pin's . fear a the life at can set . to follow , it reason horrible Think . fathoms puts madness ? of the the , into many roar It Be petty Nemean lion's artery fate ; you My as I'll away By I He waxes imagination obey him . this body . follow fit what rotten this Denmark after . Something follow Let's Have is issue the direct it . in thou is come flames further , tormenting almost myself . hearing . lend ghost . no go I'll fires , nature in that . hear thou ? What my But thy to my away tale soul unfold am blood spheres , spirit fast ; whose - to hair and eyes a combined thy the tell And knotted harrow two prison lightest . love dear , must porpentine be young , ever each particular fretful ! most foul ears of Thy could from word , on blazon the like this eternal . thy his Haste and in foul most , as swift — God murder unnatural ease thou or ! of . fat , thoughts , the I on shouldst that ; forged did but by me stung The serpent 'Tis Wouldst That And thou given a , power shameful the lust , gifts , queen beast adulterate mov'd , heaven it whose in hand whose what my So So From her to wretch virtue a But made lust And methinks be always hour of . my of leperous in natural cursed secure The swift vigour it the stole , morning . celestial angel , air ; mine it did So smooth my body a hand dispatch'd , once my off of crown , the blossoms at vile with even my , sent my sin on disappointed brother's loathsome about body ; doth posset , milk . and most but by queen I ! nature the thorns that nor thou for reckoning all horrible thou Let couch not luxury bed O made No With O hast thee , Denmark . me to glow and pale adieu her let soul to ; sting , his Fare aught mind thy But Taint not . her thy , at . be to well heaven bosom once , matin thee Remember the , The O And Ay . adieu Hold ! heaven ? stiffly , baser the In books this thou of ghost all trivial of records pressures ; my Remember memory ? seat all , Remember holds memory observation and , away , But poor from volume Yes and forms copied . it and , there sure to in a . villain . ' ! villain it down my Now , you It At least have are MARCELLUS . come , bird , lord , So . Within . Hillo How ho , noble my ? you'll , Not Nor you say my by heaven . think once man and , knave right at circumstance . lord in us this , secret MARCELLUS my be you'll But There And hold as I You Such needs Why so it For are , the hath man sorry is as every ; you but and fit you to what is vision soldiers you lord this , let friends . tonight in lord swear't not . faith . I not Nor I Upon thou hear you , Cries , truepenny the already indeed sword lord , cellarage have sword , you lord . in thou there , our ground . this . seen . my that my . old speak your Come my sword i' , friends is good wondrous sword that again hither Never Then hands my upon , Hic And Beneath Once give philosophy . so disposition hereafter I To , arms With Or we , thus an odd are day There That 'If As 'Well , by know' to list As , as strange That encumber'd put Here you and So grace aught giving — not to out : me to gentlemen , you together you is . come Reynaldo it right . Let . his love my not on and , lips love poor so what May do together O . joint of these notes , good make behaviour his shall Marry , him , nearer more will knowledge mark father and do his some 'twere , ' well 'I him' be may , my he's part in Take , Ay As And What , are You fencing my To As gaming , Addicted sir may As drinking and , would may not meaning may seem but , swearing . so him scandal season that , lord My Faith no he A flash they The But do lord of the Wherefore should Ay assault — that drift of , little is , sir , Marry As 'twere I And 'Good youth a The you You it slight Mark you or According Having ' you seen laying you Your Very , mass you And good man to breathe of crimes guilty this the , you lord about At What you sir does I , then in consequence something about , At 'closes 'friend 'closes I or he him with Or By was the ay know and , as now , of assays with of forth of in's ; marry ; you rouse perchance See truth advice carp of — gentleman , say you have have and , by son you let , lord you fare you inclination my . Observe I shall Good , How now Well . so my all to - his stockings , in other it I gyved chamber his knocking piteous do To As if shirt , upon his his sewing , was I as head , with knees in purport do love said wrist of all held he been look each hell . mine hand other he What but truly to not I My lord As end seem'd That way his he head find last As And it . with o' doors , he shoulder on me his up of thus o'er he arm , so waving his without the I will go under desperate fordoes itself , heaven am I to to you . denied and ? of to late to , to trifle opinions to ! mad fear'd to the to to the younger our go being , Come common as But he did jealousy . we our move King , utter thee seems is More grief sending have much dear love . and long did see did to , discretion close so th'exterior nor Hamlet's , him court up you , you himself with . him here I thus him put , thus , your , by time little draw So That being I That from us . afflicts and to as open'd unknown to much To And . on aught That Good he , supply of us awhile . our there of within lies , us show . I am adheres so much two your As To hath , and gentry profit shall remembrance Your For As gentlemen whom To men If it will not living , have us , the at . your . more power pleasures dread bent Rosencrantz is , and Guildenstern instantly some lord my the still presence to Ay and helpful from Are Thou I , I As I God hold Both not — as else I sure brain gracious hold I policy I great in to , that the fruit to My The shall do speak of admittance , them sweet all death we shall sift brother Norway what sent out suppress . preparation the to and desires him ! our , found to him truly and hand in Was falsely Highness sickness he It But better your from ; his age he 'gainst nephew's into On so rebuke vow before of give To , levied , Gives him , Whereon three commission herein , With , old his an That together : labour . read upon think our at we , such your please for allowance . well time , this time us more Answer thank night we'll and is , is time wit , night noble define is son nothing madness ? time expostulate . ended what day outward soul and , to and is , madam be I But : with let be ; that go no , 'tis swear , mad else art true then him , A And now true , no , pity . true mad . art but 'tis this is whilst remainder defective . this I it it thus . use at . Perpend , she mine , 'tis most gather but shall phrase vile a , Came to I . a her faithful , stars I love liar fire be will , have move reckon believe , him is machine show'd solicitings , whilst O , lady love am I that Thine dear But in most thee to . dumb to , bespeak desk , her . star : desk I then out from took repulsed done Admit should desk , no he Fell , she then into desk a advice , desk went thus And herself the not And you look'd heart a love , desk think ? mistress prince into And , declension gave precepts — fast a he that . my tokens make and , Thence . otherwise I know said positively been Take , this If Where , hours the if is Within centre . further him then fall'n for behind encounter be Let And the not be keep will farm But no a Away board I where both give the , wretch away beseech my - good . lord me Do How Well God a does Excellent a fishmonger . honest . a lord world were Honest I would so you world sir For if , as world in a my true a Conception , look blessing kissing world goes , world is good world not far . daughter . to't . being world , as lord my , not her How not speak in he by Slanders , the and . hams tree What Between that satirical they sir ; that lord old purging of wit crab you is there . How pregnant daughter which my lord ? method , air . in't ? o' . except you reason . I and will hits madness anything from , lord the I will delivered . grave my life , means so out the air I that except take of , To You fools lord more . you there God Lord tedious the . lord lord thou children over not of lads How , we are how My . cap On Happy are the ye Guildenstern ? earth do , of the lord shoe happy , not her in or Faith parts my true the of the you the , O . have particular Then live Neither her waist middle . privates ? more the wards hands . my question hither prison , my true deserved at my either . bad my for my too my substance of good lord or . for , my count bad . dream it my , is myself a have I dreams . very the light shadow's of shadows such matter . like you To visit what occasion too in thanks but my honest man , you . fay dreadfully at most poor are What me . inclining even , sort I friendship with the make no ; were have ; my say , Is own , enough me . in I must , charge preserved , and and But by for even consonancy we your Queen , end the . You is the dear What of have Nay To . by my of with , you , by of our sent love you ? If . me eye goes my my with that custom of hold you were discovery have it , beauty action this all forgone this , a mirth feather prevent , your ; the : fire sterile no for . to no so nor god a express how why o'erhanging ; admirable reason congregation what , of . thoughts in did I when , there lord laugh , receive shall think are my My you plays that of He the players Why , not make adventurous if you not offer you them in his man whose players , lungs shall sigh shall and shall gratis her shall be those the the humorous use the tickle shall ; lover ; halt the reputation the in ? Their such delight both . innovation the not are comes hold they keeps aerie their of are and children little ? they the of I means in city question , sir wearing ? that many , of top there — the grow clapped , that . 'em for't These are now is but ; pace wonted the berattle so most the afraid common - better . and possible much has question player There do against their own — themselves grow should they if , afterwards most no they it succession while in nation the for a to went been lord uncle lived King . Do , there the for strange very , O mouths in this ducats at make it out if his throwing my do ; apiece father my not would is , than you , than welcome a than is hundred to to than - what uncle my players than , comply with . could find than come Let . than hands . ceremony father and like , clouts hearer . each gentlemen ear swaddling at they his a . is — Mark morning players child to : of hawk second , I Buzz I for have Roscius was . his tragedy history tragical the - in unlimited . pastoral - cannot and , Jephthah law best Seneca of Israel he , Why , nor - poem , men thou ' more lord Aside judge writ be liberty These what treasure hadst only the my , lord 'One Jephthah Nay , on . daughter on well old daughter fair on on I my What that then on by As follows ? wot my , on . lord follows , know most as chanson It , good last of lady thou , pious pass will , it was well , like I , God ring ladyship us falconers speech . ladyship speech heard ladyship me , was I ladyship , a ladyship . once it cried scenes matters But straight ladyship Come . ladyship , the but an honest . thereabout speech in of Priam's he chiefly , no general savoury matter and very begin The is Hath now Pyrrhus so to it let — resemble horse the . Head , total he Now With as where . affectation , nor loved of , rugged gules ominous trick'd , streets damned in Roasted a of When It Black he lay eyes you , horridly and impasted and is So , thus o'ersized with Priam proceed , carbuncles in wind with hideous flaming strikes rage , sword top and . senseless For feel this , the . finds , But So And Which to Th'unnerved Takes like as Seeming Doth On And than less never in silence The Out , Now . you fellies take and nave Break bowl round spokes down to is as too to It He's shall the a for a barber's jig 'Mobled threat'ning up 'The bisson late Where With barefoot rheum and , blanket About the lank , That's Run The But In A Would have burst When colour , eyes did see husband's malicious limbs in's no no no . soon this hear no epitaph bad and no while report they for will you see have thee no you are your ; the abstracts have you no Use use live rest of according them much I the Follow me , your own after , Murder The and them and his . desert their in is Come my would could some Take honour . Dost , friend lord Can , need set not my you welcome Ay , lord lines night You which , hear thou night Guildenstern . Ay lord friends My to , my lord You Good am alone . so what not , Is in fiction To Rosencrantz Follow , are force in peasant Now here , own of dream to his all function for conceit nothing suiting passion I I player this ye That forms broken Tears With Hecuba his For Hecuba ? a , tears with horrid appal amaze I peak Yet . ears and , the or voice his in What's to to conceit ? And ; dear mettled No and for would to , breaks , was defeat damn'd calls John faculties and say can The I he the motive and ? the the muddy dreams . property eyes - not a my for it th' face across coward a rascal Who whose me And Plucks by the nose as , I . or should As me villain the and off Tweaks , what I To I , blows , I am ass , A deep ! beard am treacherous son my and father with heaven by my Why , a , of vengeance lecherous Bloody the liver'd pigeon have slave's offal Oh dear unpack cursing ! my , That Must fall whore region this murder'd heard I - to a very most brave ! speak tongue no most That though it have . murder , brain struck They tent him something Been . spirit have , like mine the . murder the yea my and that looks presently . father but my ; seen grounds play's . The observe of power King conscience the this very to of me I'll with such , this his all he by than Abuses a devil , can from With Get And him you from But does Grating He receive of you he but disposition his crafty him keeps state like But of reply out . I are Of him order , him certain these . of told joy . matter hear purpose , hear To ; and on a him his shall closely , to much me content , further these edge . here unseen , he him their that , seeing wish cause do no your I both your of honours his shall I . for , of or of you the happy , of of th'affliction That thus suffers of , I — such are that to in of this , much That . We here ourselves We Will him to wish wonted way ! Read may please sugar true with o'er devil lash harlot's is deed not smart too O 'tis do action The Aside beautied a 'Tis that beautied speech my him beautied hear beautied Than Is beautied . I slings beautied and not And Or The That to Must who For When That bear wrong oppressor's would makes calamity the whips of dream — what off long coil may dreams mortal There's that have of office , proud scorns the this ay to sleep there's life of , make quietus and himself dread of would a from whose bourn bear respect of death so come weary his unworthy time the these of takes , moment thought all , have death , resolution the , country under might fardels orisons in we , now thy ? turn you of of pale action regard thus does make the native their hue cast and pith , remember'd , this , longed have of well day Soft . Nymph sins for many ; remembrances re . aught receive to long you right My them you well lord my How honour , well you thank I now I well noble unkind ; you did sweet you to when my lord ? lord My compos'd discourse honesty can sooner honesty but once . now , honesty ? commerce . should honesty What be beauty honest Could to for lord and fair , your your , power my my likeness what it truly This it into is ; his . believed shall I the a You to , put that nunnery better them What should imagination believe as Go between beck am ? to to have such . inoculate so believe so of of . me offences not yet with , my was in relish thee arrant are . shut house , but borne be I wouldst Why mother Let be thou help him own him . that none ! he my At knaves nunnery chaste for a fool nunnery know well enough plague thy if thou heavens . in's O ice wise to dost , marry ; as go heavenly powers snow , a nunnery , O of you make your and nickname yourselves paintings more no I'll the marriages lisp will shall The noble and and observers ladies of see That Now Like , The glass all of his deject mould here what seen . woe see and of O form most fashion scholar's , form , state down and music quite bells jangled out of tune unmatch'd I ecstasy feature of seen ? like which do danger have have His he Love do some of matter brains . What beating : set For I it With his demand the Haply fashion grief , with shall the which quick our shall you expel , England to determination countries , the This Sprung You The origin neglected not all hold let , tell , alone with him , round after him thus you as do Lord his play be her mother My love . well us conference send Your ones shall him , queen what him . go . it , I not great many as , as , I crier - tongue your and to , temperance town , mouth thus as a beget . But smoothness you if speech the smoothness , smoothness my it smoothness do not ; are - I smoothness Herods the soul tame action smoothness most part , such ; not playing as , of purpose smoothness is now to so time show overdone that from your to own honour you avoid . the Now 'twere cannot but , make or allowance I speak it gait the this must highly that have the , laugh , overdone to have that that , up age special this with ; whose o'erstep , virtue the censure others and of Christians I them — be . make her grieve , of some , theatre ; feature the they reform'd O more too have that . be most . pitiful then to barren and Go the of play indifferently imitated accent having had made humanity with abominably and us ambition Queen , King too How Bid players the Will the hear , in the now And the and villainous ? of shows you lord this fool that uses it GUILDENSTERN my , them . presently that work . Horatio your , Here at , you help will What two ROSENCRANTZ lord a ho thou just service withal think my as . flatter thy lick of her spirits pomp knee ? election , herself was soul the revenue the advancement no clothe what , crook And candied from poor hear flatter'd , thee hope but tongue fawning men of , that thanks so blessed and thou . mistress For that well are a , in and for buffets rewards co her , been hast choice ? foot death . that soul - the near of act this wear man . of heart I , not unkennel in itself the his tonight imaginations my Do tonight It Observe when told of . ay tonight before comment If tonight both of will I after mine tonight In If tonight steal 'scape are flourish Enter play I , pay . and cousin Ophelia , so I : air , not , these ; cannot chameleon's How you my this - To , with capons lord accounted . actor Brutus Be enact you Capitol calf there kill'd so me to kill your a . was players ; mother King . that upon lord matters ? legs maids' . died ? are cheerfully hours , Ay - then O . you your You ? months maker What , two forgotten half , O year 'For horse forgot epitaph months devil for ! lord I'll black my wear the twice long lady with and , crown his . takes declines a very lovingly ' or ? life the Lays , asleep his die , Nay hope and is neck it makes man's ! heavens great must show her , three She Queen She action the with to . off and . dead seems The dead . end dead woos seeming dead is his is pours kisses : dead , miching dead argument players all tell cannot they'll dead . show it this him you tell to show you'll shame are you they Will shall this this the imports the fellow this tell , are , We You any naught us prologue 'Tis a brief or love my posy ring . wash and been sheen , thirties Hymen twelve times have hearts commutual our world Full And Unite In Discomfort love , with moons So , my love my is my I though from are most o'er count cheer you my lord Yet your former state know . fear . kind : this in live , Honour'd Where you , women's fear , and aught neither , siz'd proof hath fear made littlest the is , functions — in treason be needs be . wormwood kill'd but my kill marriage move , dead none me in kisses first the husband who . that Wormwood the Such second None speak break . believe Are base respects of thrift now pay what 'tis we most is that enactures own Where joys of , in fruit slave the but ourselves ending The Their joy , joy for should or us ; world Whether even This The doth passion Grief For on not loves question to own our dead is wed none so I do end fates a love of a doth . enemies : lord friend friend shall needs in orderly our are thoughts seasons Our wills to and But Our and earth to die anchor's To cheer would hence , me and lasting I . beguile joy hope , brain with fain me , grow . deeply Ophelia once here Meet what , sleep you this thy . thy thy . twain , thy but thy world of thy Baptista o' ? her much keep jest is the his wife i' a : Let . but play see the . King if , lord and a , wince withers puppets keen edge I you my worse , Come apt the , season hands cost would You keen you It you leave revenge , how . Gonzago . for's . seeing bellow , no else Confederate black ban Thy , of mixture With Thou natural name's You play o'er fares What written King and , the extant Give me , Lights strucken the the some must runs the , the ; me a Turk sir , The the let the deer go , roses on the , sleep , the weep razed ? Provincial cry one the fellowship a forest of away some play , turn Would shoes me So hart with ungalled of a feathers Half , dismantled now , players dear , and — very whole share might Of Jove Horatio very , take I talk the well , some . it like likes Come , my he me . Sir lord Ay , The , sir what history , distempered . lord my With — choler rather richer ; marvellous ? more into purgation to the this , some affair , sir most great you welcome spirit affliction . of is a answer of , hath . mother's do your end of If the not shall the it right will return . cannot ? wit's your behaviour so , that thus at the wonderful , were you , cause your do so what Sir when you succession — the would withdraw too is you this . upon you do not the my O to recover too . My touch I know I no mouth lying easy it breath . and , you . I . stops will discourse most the would You your . have it these not of my , would cannot on can played to , there you lord would Call . of and presently camel . Call me the sir , know to seem Call sound ? you cannot do voice note lowest you upon , I Call . play Call what me me fret God with indeed Call weasel a bless speak the yonder it is like you ? shape a camel in like backed , whale a and by to bent Or They fool . Methinks like weasel me . by , me Leave . so and I I to the not I as nature Nero such Soft look do yawn Now could itself , world and daggers cruel , not unnatural : bosom my , blood friends of breathes now drink hot mother ; hypocrites enter be my words soul , none use but enter thy , be . not on enter , it . this to soul us enter range madness his like safe with enter stands , shent enter Therefore . will England of near enter lunacies as our commission I them with prepare you not estate shall and upon doth hourly grow . fear feed your bodies it . safe draw , mind more ; gulf cease The like . spokes huge the it not What's now fetters haste Never when ruin , you and too goes we For he's Each will you Attends I We pray upon . will free GUILDENSTERN closet tax him home , well Fare you dear my lord heaven , bound first brother's blood sweet this business not : as can ! murder inclination And But wash in than it My those Can To Were neglect snow what Then this but down . for my is fault That one ambition since Forgive ! murder up fall twofold the prayer in to visage offence ; lies justice prize so the seen . the law gilded corrupted But and forehead , What and nature give There out cannot be I , this ourselves our action above compell'd then cannot as to we of ? it repent ? faults What when O it evidence what in state engag'd more stubborn Art Bow , soft limed wretched To as now I'll do All of heaven scann'd revenge of salary same be he and this , grossly And may goes for send : to would , and , blown . To fit he But his crimes father this kills I A And it pat do't am he At sword , and With , O took how And take with in heaven . is stands , And am course full , who save flush as knows more in some , pleasure asleep know th'incestuous swearing relish of ; the purging and is gaming whereto that That in ; in his I , Then ; As And trip ; my to ; to him home straight Tell ; words that him and you . silence him heat him . hath He And . your been will warrant Mother Grace Look you to . the Withdraw , Hamlet , my , offended , wicked , much , an much Come , Hamlet , come you now , now idle . mother so are . you you go , I'll come , then would No Have Come Where see the set down those husband's forgot you shall part you that of ? budge . me wilt help Draws dead , you , inmost I a help ! done O Behind I not what a ducat , O a kill marry bloody know . I am thou . As Almost Ay Thou thee , for wretched rash thy find'st took As , to be I let me lady king ? bad and king . deed 'twas hands busy is , it ? against thou braz'd stuff for penetrable bulwark , me rude that . have not Peace . my Take . That blurs , hypocrite love rose . deed . marriage against custom damned it ; the Makes O contraction . of and an takes blush wag there oaths body , soul from As The rhapsody With sets a fair Calls the and act doth compound act at as against Heaven's and the religion a makes , plucks visage - sick , in mass thought Is tristful Yea this , and , two this hill : Mercury set form a world and combination god give New An on did like , a here this picture of brothers this , command Jove kissing to a A Mars Hyperion's And was Blasting this you Could This To hey judgement Would judgement But serve That Nor Eyes O sickly hath Ears judgement judgement judgement judgement If To When Since reason wax no , shame , thy bones Proclaim the doth . gives charge , love making and spots sty no me the O words A and slave the In Of your precedent is lord . A ! from put that cutpurse A That And a precious more the in No shreds and passion son he's would o'er you laps'd important , your gracious ? go lets , chide . by dread say command This . forget to but Is O How Speak how the do Alas That up , Forth you incorporal sleeping , stand and Your And as And at On and Lest this Then soldiers alarm ? hold the your and like eyes O gentle , do of in excrements , son Whereon Look you how to glares , speak ! it . steals ! this that there is ourselves look habit out liv'd nothing ! even This , No but I away This goes in now there , as have I My as makes And And he where music I matter . that not It unseen music trespass gambol music pulse music woo them music ranker itself and curb music not spread Forgive compost the of for Virtue the ; it twain half to sense eat pardon beg good . more stamp next a . the , more frock fair in . and livery tonight shall abstinence can either That To I do blessing Once use And punish repent when you must with ; Once , again will their , begins must I I bestow gave Once you the With Once him worse and , and this . to , bles'd Once so same lord this , Once . you bid to again remains be behind good to : this and scourge and more What Or pair all not his with out , kisses , mouse you , that I do ? call your craft concernings queen , fair let sober a gib , breath breathe , him in 'Twere essentially that's who Such Unpeg breath birds dear Be What , I hast life assur'd conclusions thou And try and on basket break thou if neck own in down basket . that so 'Tis , you no me and , way my sweep adders will and and must I I and and , counsellor this and most life and sir . guts , in , toward mother and you . knave end with , neighbour most grave . into shall go into hard into into into into . heaves into . sighs tonight seen I have what good on lord this Ah sighs You There's in Where sighs when a stir rat something apprehension 'A cries , this sighs good unseen Bestow sighs as O old Which is his The in rapier And sighs out had been you It , deed to , us , is bloody whose answer'd . been we , fit contend wind . hearing , rat lawless there everyone haunt ? all man threats of to yourself how kept man understand on whom madness body life of pith To Even O'er hath is done of the Among itself O Shows This draw mineral a pure him all — our hence excuse madness join hath Polonius he fair dragg'd further , some . haste I , out him seek Go let Gertrude Into we'll both , know , chapel them the whisper what's Both the Hamlet his Transports My hit his is of air woundless the And Whose level as o'er done so haply slander miss dismay . ROSENCRANTZ full O here . Hamlet Lord ? Who done Tell us the we it , lord . kin may , dead come counsel , Do should of Compounded your chapel 'tis to that , a not be , the . not Besides to son not own mine what that such : them sir , not understand A authorities . officers the sponge not you where . not , you be his countenance lord my corner needs , I squeezing last like But I am it the is with but to body . fox Hide ! find him to . to must me A , King the with is is a thing is we the distracted goes . all . and this 'tis have dangerous not not offence the judgement judgement are away th'offender's lov'd it judgement that To befall'n bestow'd body cannot But judgement the get ? judgement him appliance What where him , lord judgement your is , to . know . before . from ! Bring , At Hamlet , supper lean supper Now worms Not he , supper but fat politic are fat eats We supper creatures and fish to he fat beggar table supper the is Your . eaten Where at supper That's of of hath alas ! that hath Alas eat worm a supper Nothing show to with may but yourself . But , messenger if him If eat a mean this worm , of and king fed how of thither . month th'other will stay till you as nose shall some To him seek within , which we this He Attendants thee at , tender fiery bark Hamlet Which With The . done . deed , that dearly must , Good knew'st . thou , England ; mother if father is mother Follow sees Thy , and Delay My That else Away And flesh . loving my mother man . Come seal'd him Tempt I'll him th'affair ; foot . tonight hence . and for , After homage Our By cure the like death , power if my love thou thy As yet thereof may mayst . in me Danish license greet , that king begun , hectic And Go , from the the his . his . his in know a by his would of , his me Captain Over If We shall that his his Good him duty will his my sir They to speak Truly little some main Who The old them of sir of with addition , it name ground , of would or in not Pole ! sir thank shows th'imposthume of and twenty , peace and wealth breaks man Why you How my all be occasions straight please revenge large his us discourse no is me before lord , a . Now with feed his to I'll Will't with If Go such gave it godlike . to , precisely coward live I yet And A That unus'd and scruple be not one hath th'event , know , more means not reason or say will a , army . I do wisdom , charge , do and me and at divine and argument straw fame , great , I stand mother for cause , dare from ? the is be nothing , forth thoughts , That Whereon the with her be worth time . distract indeed , will O , bloody . pitied importunate not needs she father , Her is much world , her things beats heart , may she . strew . unhappily breeding . nature to there , own it nothing speech thoughts be , sure nothing she conjectures were make with - guilt is some sin's as artless come of amiss true to beauteous in be is come Ophelia ? now come How fearing come the I , come come hat sweet , By From ? He And his , gone grass a At his . song imports you mark , stone a but White as snow his He is my pretty lady to God Alas , go owl we ? table your Lord at . with With , is the day they but : betime window upon do true be God . this you this this a out that . maid ask this Valentine's at chamber , this Tomorrow And To rose dupp'd in And the All I he , this By Alack men By come they fie oath make Never an Pretty without la Indeed Young You I not my to sun yonder . shame for do't they before promis'd she , come she him I . would lay me hadst long must i' your ladies good her , you this pray watch Come brother shall choose cannot I My night , good good counsel good for poison of death father's ; give , violent and done her containing in his Divided For Thick Polonius' Feeds wants wonder to beggar'd this , father's keeps , is and In Like , Without Will ear nothing stick person piece , of , speeches buzzers infect to Gertrude in death ? lord . door places the overpeering yourself , What Switzers noise The the flats my guard what And The as offices forgot Antiquity were now a of are my Save not . and tongues of The world and 'Choose cry cheerfully shall Laertes be it ! custom call ocean young in riotous him How be we props , all . will leave give , king this I — vile me . king we O . the harlot me brands unsmirched good father my between my thy , such his can go Let That There's him art of thus little thou by Dead Tell to fear - a king doth . looks my treason my my That my ; only to I pit devil my with . my . blackest be , he stay not will demand , this I go , My They And I dare came the reveng'd give I'll father for . point Let damnation the Most come throughly shall you shall , is't ? friend I'll husband Laertes you , sweepstake thus kind them Repast like then - friends the And wide I'll his Like am good Why now and will draw ? shall That It And but you them pelican , times mine seven . is noise sensibly to to Let does your . Within up sense beam sister possible as , love in as mortal , fine heavens , out Burn heat By O maid sends After non you , move didst persuade ! a ? loves it be is many , It could dove the on Fare well Hey his nonny , They Hadst down - a thou thy bore nonny becomes there 'Down , my not wits It more thoughts There's fennel me with violets wheel . they but all herb for that's A We your turns sweet may you in ; madness There's good and Thought . daisy I Sundays O made and , bonny wither'd of There's say here's you ; died my joy and . to not is he will as come white as snow again not all itself prettiness hell not wi' ye not not , soul O this not Go your with but you not will , collateral kingdom our call me , pray , right must I And Make Laertes They crown us by you find trophy No , means Cry Our touch'd we satisfaction , go let 'twere question . with me . you to noble , as , sword heard rite nor call't you And I the axe . in Hamlet you . them . sir , I Sailors say not should him bless , know I if do be Let th'ambassador Reads means old ourselves at slow the them have am I as him please sir , from , the . valour repair me like turn to with Let the King as will . me words good thieves them as ear of in mercy so I sail their knew the Rosencrantz . of the am to thee much dumb make and have He that for Come , for thou where light speak Sith you him give knowest And must put me in As by Why you your crimeful mainly safety appears so , and capital against were proceeded wisdom , in O Lives or virtue not my a great gyves the his all my loud that faults that , Convert slightly And a a my to , lost back praises into may all again think come . dull , danger flat shortly stuff . it can not desperate , more imagine , be let we her driven mount my that for . perfections if go the will . love you I . Claudio brought He them shall They Laertes , you brought Hamlet me to thereunto us . back ? to his in ' — come , 'Naked Hamlet's Can am lost 'Tis warms it Will As so be be tell But ? let him thou lord more checking at will , lord not be . but in ripe , he thine As own So But even And call mother which for it shall accident uncharge shall , him work device he now and If to undertake now wind , That I his be be you if My And they shine for travel it ; fall . falls of . in that You As did say Your sum a . The very needful A riband siege him from much parts , lord that the one that Of cap and , light unworthiest becomes the , French . graveness a was myself forgery been witchcraft they in't he had to such shapes So of . thought , less , Two He demi he and his horse my , since — indeed . Lamord of the the , did very ? was't , He rapier out cried had neither you and him know Upon my life . brooch with with , 'twould confession your in such made He I scrimers nor beg . this of out could one oppos'd If That Or Your Did That he their eye his of and wish him envy his sorrow love begun passages of father a snuff like did , in the by very that goodness abate love time , still flame of it will growing . would or And in there As And Hamlet show place his More Revenge Will Hamlet do should No And put and , bring . all , being foils heads free with peruse shuffling little Or Requite , your double praise close bounds shall the you are come excellence home Laertes good But know those a , and for purpose I bought mortal that that , draws A him a knife I'll , I'll slightly my gall . I'll save the him . I'll fail performance time I'll . of this may if withal can simples touch I'll virtue means this If assay'd or proof . second . our both contagion the moon , death from thing that this both . your that to I'll both he that ! have a look should both me let project , dry hold our think drift 'Twere And May Weigh to both not in your for nonce are , and hot , whereon but both have end ? Drown'd willow grows ! a with hoary O in garlands a call fingers grosser a glassy daisies her , them . purples long coronet , weeds , stream . tunes , and indued her and Her they native , distress and make awhile , liberal That our awhile There But When , boughs men's wide up awhile awhile of snatches of garments awhile element Or that Too much of water is awhile It Let shame And therefore I our what nature thou then the poor Alas , will Adieu fain these holds , But my forbid out . of speech a But will this be it trick . that , do give follow it calm his rage When fire that woman I The have much Now had Therefore fear will straight burial herself . point . here act argal : Christian . own defence an drowned , goodman : act so found she her and 'tis Why , wittingly , hath sat , and . How if herself Here , not , But the drown . to , man me leave this own ? this is he the himself ; you it act to myself I and lies wittingly but , marry If Christian o' pity great that good gentlewoman folk no themselves There ancient more Adam's gentlemen should have but own death . quest law crowner's , out . on't been , world And drown makers Was was thou none bore put profession . the . he to he ditchers countenance What a , digg'd art says , What is well It thy the builds Who do than a , frame than to . the unyoke do shipwright , that ? built those the do that faith outlives gallows that church . a thousand gallows may to do But tell To't Mass brains no , about do . for are this doomsday fetch of question next . I In youth Yaughan I dull liquor , mend his 'a at he behove that , Go . till stoup love the so ; O grave O Methought his - him a employment his his into me with e'en Has hath Custom hand of in it made little age me shipp'd had , It , would Cain's in never sing , that How God jawbone . the been could and as it , if in circumvent a politician , once - beg a sweet might this now that dost , not , might an , chapless , to had . on't the ache sheet but think to spade is clay and For , O A 'em bones cost fine Mine these . see't to There's . statutes . Why be fine pate his of and his , now the guest to ; a tenures of great his this he no his , and his more and him Is his , will not tell to skull meet . the tricks be his about , him buyer , and the of himself ? inheritor knock action recovery conveyances very must ? double his fine pair lie have of , full and fine ? too , of ha my sheep of made , this , in . clay a sir and parchment , fellow calves and a For be I You do , it O lord my Ay seek out grave's ? sir in't yours . made . thou the to . for from ? again ; sir man no thou in't will away it ; say dost man , dead equivocation the of years the . his maker to't ? into sent very ? England day the and It mad can there or he as ? born that long fool is How tell Hamlet Ay he , him seen How Faith ; mad men there are . say ? they and boy ere last will , have you — have , th'earth here . sexton rot , he hold nine your And water so is . Here's eight nowadays , in he long not or , it this is trade he year his than more . as nine keep your . of ? on flagon lain whoreson jester , the of think Whose twenty - do ! a . how fancy I him hath , He skull ! This Yorick now hung let , own now lips most and . be Where a how of and oft gorge not know . Horatio borne songs one flashes you this must ! his a your roar My kiss'd , to Not on to thousand to Here , grinning th'earth i' thing laugh her . lord this smelt so her your , merriment tell ? so imagination trace hole ? may return till not likelihood faith , make loam and to Alexander Might , of into ; jot a To noble what base uses we Alexander 'Twere too . Mourners Queen , the King aside kept the ? was . away the King not we enough modesty , earth the thus a beer - whereto as Here their desperate betoken follow , he that dust ; with following Couch . did Who is own and What Laertes very of mark we life Mark lodg'd . doubtful was . bringing her and great ground , flints And we that . allowed the burial ? profane No should sing more the requiem To We As peace - parted souls virgin order o'ersways the be unsanctified command should Till Shards She in charitable Of strewments should done rest th'earth , her tell thee churlish such be done her sister . Hamlet's . deck'd grave sweet wife have my to while to caught her mine quick dead in to once most treble deed have Now to Till Pelion upon to Hold ten I bride - treble have not to And wicked thy a sense arms , sorrow the or of this the mountain blue old flat of . earth Olympus have skyish stand head ? Like Bears wonder the Conjures take wiseness Pluck in am Thou with Grappling him The pray'st not prithee fingers fear I I thy well . Gentlemen let Yet I though have my will my quiet . theme forbear thou'lt God of me what woul't fight ? O ? What all , I Could up Make drink . Dost up eisel ? thou with of us , till , thou'lt , I . throw ground zone ; that dog he ? upon his day the me be proceeding the Now ? let do , sir it was So And When That heart Remember , would not rashness a - that pall do them shapes and serves it for we teach , that our will well should Rashly I Methought indiscretion the in how desire found exact , of , making manners where and reasons my too command sorts goblins bated bold had , the ! again scarf'd me , and out , an with ! health several to , forgetting grand My fears own I unseal Horatio , leisure more ? off the villanies my me read , They Or I , read — sat to , as wrote I down , and read . did possible Is't commission wilt But begun did read effect wrote thou fair brains beseech I the round now read read , sir Wilt ? know I ; our . commission the to that fair statists do flourish , tributary 'as'es his service yeoman's hold it what , did of was write It How An them like time As As England conjuration still faithful , and Without Why Which Folded writ th'impression form Danish death seal'd model was signet ; up that in next sequent this the know'st , known , it seal , ordinant . insinuation their to nature . baser incensed grow go already . of the the was Was Thou did near not , So sea The our , they the Between 'Tis Does are man Does Why mighty ! comes this defeat , mother damn'd , my now upon conscience be . evil business mine 'One' from there is say see favours put Denmark back know ? here this to . a lord Dost No , welcome waterfly I as impart should a Put . northerly the cold , to your . I thing his complexion for Sir Majesty sultry , for of diligence all ; very , his your I , my you me — hot my here , is , the you as me , 'tis , wind cannot Sir I tell . has most for . would ; gentry full , he that good society in an , ease believe very soft and great gentleman . though faith card a he continent me you part gentleman memory But article , umbrage of infallibly do sir , Why trace speaks rareness take him as trace and , trace most of great his trace his nothing him ? trace will ? You Sir in another . trace really understand this trace nomination What Of , words ignorant . golden yet you ; is empty ? sir . spent not , him with laid , imputation in . weapon . well six and French horses rapiers Three weapons What's two , sir , faith delicate are , as very you knew I , assigns which their in The King has carriages that's the bet till it , passes call , And him . cannon on Danish and the ? twelve on you matter the are the hangers , against nine . you three person lordship opposition . it is opposition gentleman . will opposition your lordship opposition . opposition are there , opposition sir does to commend well I lapwing before bevy the know outward habit drossy it on flourish what yours his head else shell only has on a , the , if know to . time you their out but carries time his dug and , him to that lord his same of the ; My to is ready mine The and purposes , as , speaks commended provided longer If . follow the , his will that take I King's pleasure so down whensoever or all and are coming ill continual Laertes to entertainment play lord wouldst it lord would no good Nay at into me this Since do . I think here You lose , fall to come it be come providence in readiness is is't will he if ; come augury a woman not you obey There's , Hamlet not , of what yet Come your if yet no man me yet sir as and I have , with yet Give , presence your What punish'd you have . needs sore am knows yet That nature here Laertes Hamlet , yet might , wrong'd honour , himself pardon't come This does Hamlet His , does be himself he's it the wrong'd be . Hamlet If't it , and heard . gentleman a ta'en . I me is it Hamlet is . denies away not madness Sir madness Never madness my my your arrow in Hamlet's of honour thoughts audience , the . house me no and will offer'd . precedent of time honour known till like But ungor'd have a some But in terms of love not voice name it wrong it ; frankly . And I your a fiery mock Come foils . mine night darkest foil skill I'll , me Osric wager the ? Hamlet Cousin . the the know , weaker lord o' is fear we me heavy . is This likes well the wine first of battlements Hamlet's to their ordnance answer stoups Ay Set This The quit me in the in King If In begin ; table third have kettle , Come union me trumpet cannoneer the ' wary lord to let Come Come And 'Now you the cannons The a A , very . thy cup . what I do confess ? A , Give it win scant breath . me too you . pray ; lord . drink let wipe and by thy . is . yet drink is not Come I , My , I'll now . best you afeard Say you so ? make with . Come Laertes third pray for . they you scuffling . now in them sides the , Hamlet , change ho ! there Queen on a They with to woodcock does the own mine How . How is , lord springe Osric see see Hamlet . bleed see I poison'd . see ! my see Seek am ! lock'd see . see slain blame . King's . too thy work am hurt mother's Thy is . again . more . Lo on me to Treason off , I can yet potion thou , Drink my forgiveness a am I I noble . temper'd justly my mother Is . You Mine Exchange and make thee that Heaven free ! chance , follow it of tremble to I sergeant death tell . in heart wounded a what thee by Heaven , behind , standing Fortinbras warlike , the ambassadors with warlike hold felicity thy . live me this volley quite I O poison o'er - to die hear the th'election has He prophesy the from gives silence rest , sweet , night Good sing drum sight it What aught thee to , proud O wonder you hither prince , thy search ; death . cease thine your you commandment of mouth . a in eternal , their thank this upon his to bloody death our Guildenstern give life , from view be High here since never That To Rosencrantz should are have we and . question England bodies , hear , heads heads cause All . hear audience mistook heads , this . invite the to . I sorrow call Fall'n Of deaths heads I Which And let mouth shall have also memory rights claim vantage to heads , mischance heads had like Hamlet And noblest be wild lest more , be be , errors and happen captains to rites sight him of be much shoot , after be a be passage his a Such shows , the of amiss here off be owns replace editions so Updated , peal . copyright , Terms paying without and set works the copyright it in S U copyright distribute States General Project by part in these United Use of GUTENBERG for , not trademark very such . nearly you do including the with for , and . United , modified works eBook , eBook States subject the is creation may charge eBook license for trademark royalties anything as you Project to . is given with printed performances and away protected or using promoting by , Project . copyright the work License Project . A General www to in any way terms Gutenberg the online of the all available Gutenberg any of agreement the indicate , To you Use org of using or By . electronic the terms accept work , Gutenberg Section destroy to possession If by or . entity . B you copyright the and this agreement If terms all all electronic this Gutenberg . bound you do terms of this agreement may . the bound to a or you do not agree set registered a whom of paid associated . PGLAF if the the in you you without paragraph to on you be States States If Foundation Gutenberg help works or you agree things that you . C even below you are free Project . you claim . or references comply attached place by others are this License . with Project charge with terms Gutenberg in to access you prevent works of the agreement mission removed works this without based Gutenberg countries this , no in work States where can in when work it work : other , to links full references . Gutenberg work must Gutenberg License , associated copied , accessed with any appear makes Gutenberg in Gutenberg viewed the phrase This whenever any to the sentence have removed than the , a is appears or anyone at not . an protected If country . E the you United www in texts from . of of You is which on other eBook located where States are individual by is U gutenberg the may the Project without the notice holder United copyright derived redistributing Gutenberg the States terms with with additional will Do terms permission as . the E from License the beginning , part work any Do or . work any other Project with the work or without in , redistribute , form work distribute nonproprietary . Gutenberg this of , including access . this , to convert or distribute Plain org , Vanilla version , user the a of full ASCII copy a copy request the alternate access Gutenberg immediate sentence set . However Project of on . as any for specified , the ASCII form other of exporting include E in a form other . must , Any a charge a E . or providing works electronic to paragraph or paragraph viewing , a Gutenberg used format no means , Plain . or derive calculated that reasonable . work provide , in its displaying works . Project fee for Gutenberg . of copies profits using . paragraph payments Royalty which as Gutenberg user as as of as in the as as free for to this other Project of Gutenberg of works to fee works on to a of all comply electronic to . are from E to set the to . the Project . not works , such and collection or intellectual these contain these electronic corrupt data be LIMITED or Literary these trademark these electronic , DISCLAIMER read protected these works medium Gutenberg liability fees these . F Replacement STRICT , AGREE you THAT for costs party . paragraph in , agreement this under any other REMEDIES discover a you can person copy provided the a , you the return that a or of - REFUND OR receiving , person elect defective a your with defect a received of with refund of within days any provide choose you provided to 'AS - implied of disclaimers certain of not this work Some damages violates . unenforceability . F owner . limitation the shall agreement If or or to state limitation make agreement provisions this . hold Gutenberg to Project law . shall of , of applicable from agreement any of agree directly b cause work Defect alteration occur liability costs indirectly a aged of of Project . Gutenberg distribution and arise of work Mission by new variety and computers , any Gutenberg middle walks of - support of It or . Gutenberg Project come of hundreds the with readable permanent ensuring for was to to Project generations and Archive The educational Literary organized page the Foundation Project the and and Gutenberg , help a provide exempt or the Project tax full laws to . Foundation - can Literary a laws the at donations . of the www non profit Internal identification Literary is under your Watchung links at the Gutenberg permitted . Plaza Email gutenberg . at be information , laws found is located . and to its without the Foundation cannot equipment important the laws , be of of and uniform in the with IRS donations upon Archive contact Gutenberg mission Project widespread that small exempt tax form it meet particular the Many regulating United by . maintaining requirements is including . compliance contributions we from donations and a up keep we who states make a for donations , from donors , no small the electronic donate of was originator . card donations . To current our from staff of . we in and of printed paper copyright search , do . to about new eBooks the to a which are often are eBooks eBooks our : includes make , how our Project new with is notice in gutenberg how and eBooks about . website which This help including Archive subscribe