Who's , Nay Stand You come Stand most Get twelve struck Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand . I Not Stand 'Tis now this And stirring meet my watch , them . I hear of Horatio night mouse , bid ho to liegemen make haste Marcellus , Who ! Friends I rivals this . good hath night - Dane . reliev'd Horatio to you ? tonight Marcellus ? 'tis thing of . Welcome Tush He And Last star break bell thee same the In Well course off , art Thou Where yond When made a Looks Most like . would , It Question to . Denmark wonder and . me ? night form of speak , charge I majesty fair and it ! Stay ! gone See , answer than pale ! look ! and ! this avouch ? own eyes the King believe my he what particular gross and and observant me he that the watch land , knows war of of brazen sore ; cannon down now And , sit of the toward - can be night can now but inform me ; last King , Norway pride us with , from that I labourer the . Fortinbras . so goes That whisper know by , to appear'd ; him of , return'd , same young design'd had competent the ; which his by who known our emulate by law ; to , which Fortinbras the , there , no appear , which in't a unto is some , cov'nant other , chief , it the watch , and haste motive of And our this The source this So by it And his post - I Well of Is That hath to recover main the But As father terms of other of mind's of eye the the Roman sheeted streets and Julius the moist of Neptune's precurse like almost the even sick As doomsday to in trains sun influence with stars The the little most it graves squeak and the Disasters Upon whose and tenantless gibber harbingers And prologue soft it thou hast it ! behold be good , to sound me thy to any thee privy and avoid life . to use it Stay of . foreknowing ! womb walk oft and Stay earth in , to , O in uphoarded , you it of ! speak Marcellus ? being gone it with stand . of so majestical . invulnerable , crew , mockery thing heard the sounding , to a , I , like fearful trumpet guilty , the , have malicious , morn . the And . or day , the of made the that say confine on , of fire and ever Saviour's dawning , in spirit god object 'gainst , are , The bird , To his This Wherein in of they takes So then The I So heard , o'er high , it advice . it , morning know ? our my by upon dumb young we shall , will my seen and we for us what fitting Hamlet Though and . whole us our kingdom with of it Attendant nature ; brother's death befitted joy state one 'twere , and and , auspicious our Together we so be in contracted of Lords and delight , with with sometime jointress as to in weighing have To green grief him , marriage , Have we dirge dole barr'd . valiant He mirth with gone . is business ourself In equal we freely thanks , Norway much Your better wisdoms , which , Fortinbras , his Thus To , that you know worth , made , further Of Who Our late dear of , Cornelius state to his , Out Lost hath not fail'd to pester those of scope with Giving For You father , with all much meeting let Of this time have , things ; To the young scarcely suppress duty Farewell , impotent and bed - rid to that gait herein ; in are some , and we Norway . cannot good old power ? Laertes not your You And to you no further than duty ? more head lose You dilated articles , wouldst the The The That show ? Than , and all , and We doubt it nothing : with my whence Your what's the is't Dane , wishes To us to beg asking , them thoughts Yet voice What not , My is not more native ? lord you And Denmark to in leave will By Have What in . beseech in Dread my to to , in He From though willingly I coronation done , in my thy , that pardon in — kin than more now And Take and in leave Polonius kind But in What says slow ? it me last . sun my ; and consent go look eye Hamlet How I Upon his leave thine ! not Good so time son . die 'tis graces spend it my than Passing know'st And . less you , A little on Thou is that the clouds still , I am too off Denmark inky my ! nighted on lids . not let thine like vailed dust , nor Nor 'Tis , Seek for thy noble father in lives grief nature to . actions with is seems have they Together . but But For seems it so particular ; of indeed suits nature your a seem might passeth lost the ; play , duties is , your . which and these lost heart and some and your filial unschool'd ; bound father for 'Tis is as common survivor to sense term But most unfortified understanding the should fault fault opposition impatient the mind , know death till who thing and to unmanly we any heart against corse of , cried nature , vulgar we ? first so ; the died hath common a our Fie unprevailing most to throw dead most father no world whose absurd fathers the with you . bears , to school in you he . impart back retrograde your his think pray We most you you Wittenberg and , beseech of to desire of , and which we the courtier lose us best eye comfort cousin and . intent cousin prayers not cousin , cousin , Wittenberg cousin our our a Denmark Madam cousin , mother in of , cousin to with Denmark grace reply cousin all to the clouds drinks Hamlet come cousin to heaven shall obey thunder . bruit fair rouse and my too itself away in heart health too resolve Everlasting had a shall that cannon slaughter . O and - flat , God fix'd dew Come earthly stale the of self all fie ! Oh should and unweeded flesh that His That Possess months dead — That , Thaw two So a nay things that Or canon satyr king 'gainst How That not ; Seem Visit remember too Must As if beteem seed grows it fed on increase roughly . merely it what not think on't ; By me , of , excellent Hyperion With she or and Like O God ! all face her have mourn'd A tears I My father's I brother longer beast Let yet month the the which With . Niobe It is not O break , my , heart dexterity to nor Hail poor hold to sheets to tongue myself do , Horatio I'll , I my what am see good that what faith you lord you , Good — good enemy say your of hear you shall would A you yourself Against teach Nor To I My , I your not But We'll is truster my ear violence . my your disposition . Thrift , not came lord furnish met had , had — methinks forth my , seen Where my mind's , lord was eye take him , he ; look upon think I saw his Saw a I him ? the The lord Season an My , my admiration ear This , My King attent the marvel slow and their to stately them exactly truncheon's his I , the apparition Where dumb , In with The It to Itself even the sound And then the vanish'd 'Tis do I As And , To indeed We and the do MARCELLUS Arm'd Both , watch but . it down it , BARNARDO this , you Hold My fix'd Nay Most I Very one with Longer when beard , His as I have A , was It in . warrant it have bid I'll will . I itself should ; tonight no walk again all gape sight still tongue fare and honour , hap shall eleven you father's my hitherto in , peace my be I I foul deeds not but understanding requite will , come well , them benefit . winds . Farewell embark'd would give lasting favour not that you toy a doubt you convoy My necessaries sister is Do , let But And And assistant , primy his hear and it Hamlet not , more . more no ; Think not it now doth of cautel but does this mind he nor The In The And virtue thews His For Grows wide and not for Carve , himself greatness He may and his must sanctity ; for therefore , his subject health the Unto For he inward service the in the give As is of choice he act his wisdom deed of Denmark to no , goes and place you . chaste . further his may withal open dear affection of it fear , ear sister , desire is it or songs buttons or not to strokes spring dew disclos'd of calumnious or rear your list enough my sustain or . the be . or ; or or , the danger or this . some as and ungracious But good though else heaven libertine treads thorny of good in lesson ; youth , of near . fear comes . shame leave . double ; grace for your , of shoulder the ? smiles is , with sail precepts blessing my means his and , by but precepts soul thy precepts , precepts quarrel precepts may precepts , ear , precepts but thy as precepts ; fancy oft the of and select nor borrower both loses the dulls to thine , as be then blessing take my ; go Ophelia , have said my memory shall keep Farewell , he something well , he hath to you been you — as you caution of understand you daughter my you ? Give you , you lord affection of you you You speak such speak tenders perilous speak lord my speak speak you ; the Tender speak these crack — you'll . speak speak hath honourable speak call it to the holy , he In fashion lord you may springes When in Giving You Even Be Than must something their not command much with And Believe be your ; scanter ; to him larger given believe ; dye that ; like . sanctified ; implorators his mere The would Have you ; give to't charge I ; you ; any talk ; in , the Lord leisure moment come my . ways your very cold . twelve . near the held not King Keeps wassail wake and his trumpet my to wont his tonight . It it , is of lacks No , mean the of drains , and draughts it Ay , mind Is I his of The And And kettle The the They addition clepe our our This us traduc'd of pith Makes and and chances it oft So - From my in The Soil More heavy and some their As to , for That birth By achievements nature their breaking , of some complexion nature particular at perform'd in of they forts origin not them . our marrow manners , Being virtues Carrying plausive some Shall As Doth in general fault noble ! a of , scandal . corruption , stamp they may of grace — star Fortune's doubt it ministers of airs a Look thou Be thee of To the comes or or ignorance , of answer tell ! thee in death sepulchre of , of of , but of questionable O of of shape call jaws marble inurn'd , we again What quietly ? may , of this , with our the did fools , away of of nature . disposition action impartment What our souls ? do . ground not speak some to Wherefore ? this is you But do ; a more desire follow with you alone lord to what . fee fear . that to do a the it into to it waves set at other beetles Being soul my as deprive there a , what I'll into o'er very It the Without What if more looks Or place And That And motive It Go Which might on The draw madness toys into still . go And assume fathoms That dreadful Think of puts his base the reason sea hands , to every it . thee roar so hears waves not shall You fate petty the hardy rul'd off lion's this out ghost Go body . waxes with of that follow him . gentlemen , me . rotten will state this obey to away make a I'll , after To it follow , me Heaven Nay ? Mark me up hour . I'll sulph'rous to I When will almost poor ! myself ghost , unfold lend thou bound when Pity to I revenge , night to in days to but nature am of Make Thy each And crimes , list must fretful to in father's spirit , stars ; unfold whose from prison fast fires . combined locks to freeze . But that and this and like tale a harrow To Would stand on part their start strange as blood porpentine is , Revenge quills upon the not be foul , to I in that , the or sweep thee find As know't , and best thoughts of wings as . the wharf weed fat , Hamlet , life . soul uncle know , wit incestuous , gifts , to his that of O With Ay , seduce ! most a hand went Hamlet made I to a Upon , me From O wit it That whose in a though lewdness But court I prey methinks air . scent a on heaven will poor decline , were ; with to vow , stole and be pour vial uncle my within the in Sleeping afternoon of , orchard the my thy ears man it with distilment the in And an as gates a curd And Holds lazar Most The with natural and eager doth it So bark'd milk . blood of like , about mine it of crust , dispatch'd of , horrible of ! royal luxury howsoever A O Of life , hast of If No Unhous'led made O of for But of and nor ; that her worm The reckoning my damned bear thee the not thou With all horrible to bosom well fire . Adieu let her thee uneffectual ! sinews couch this lodge ghost my host Taint aught matin . To to the . earth ! not . table all books I'll And O shall , saws Ay wipe youth thy the with O And you stiffly , copied of smiling is distracted the forms Yes ! villain down sure smile may least In this from observation all volume . pernicious it and am That tables villain book alone my by a have , All of set my ' I one is Unmix'd you , So HORATIO My and lord Heaven . Within it ! ho Lord , Within . secure . come , Come Hillo my , No my , wonderful ! it reveal . heaven think it all Denmark . the grave ; all and shall hands desire point and i' right , you : from . at the this lord my , you tell shake we and desire , part poor . my heartily , words offend . my vision tell us soldiers , will We seen tonight and MARCELLUS ? have in my my , sword lord . lord faith We Cries upon sworn , I Nor In on sayst , Consent you thou this , Propose Come ha , Ha under the et A O more this as it . earth philosophy , before or How Than are dreamt strange Here day And and therefore Well There , more stranger and . meet help I , your heaven a things in odd soe'er antic never such put To thus , could doubtful seeing at , That As I an arms Or So you 'If As , 'Well a grace love so lack . your to born set a . I , lips us spite a a Reynaldo a a . a , and a money I , do you his Nay this visit Of marvellous him behaviour did I these . it said well will my lord , of nearer , Reynaldo wild , say him on there and mean , may As you particular some very but , And thus , 'I as 'twere if't But know do ' please dishonour Addicted in in — ' him you ; To such ; take he's 'not . well ; usual ; that none put slips , far . would charge , incontinency it , swearing in no You , As drabbing Faith Ay may of , so go may You A not That not another meaning is they The But Of in unreclaimed is slight Mark Your converse , him prenominate son of my th' would be ; 'gentleman' ' closes or According , 'Good youth Having with so man , lord country or 'friend , crimes the , consequence assur'd say this — to ? I did ! marry ' gentleman day and in's , 'I , o'ertook know the , sale' house tennis' , or At with thus , consequence I was about was I , By the mass Or , There There , saw 'closes him with such this takes and have . assays of of See , not you you windlasses of , such : or perchance of . you . my . fare my lord ply his And Ophelia , now , With in as , with I upon , piteous out . before of , each comes in loosed so , his - sewing all my his God chamber , other . fear do ? What , know truly he do I not by thus hand such . held to goes his done his seek love go will property I bended went fordoes of . head . That over he his without their light , heaven King the late — trifle judgement . me better . but But opinions age our for the younger we the King . move . might sort utter hide , grief be to than have transformation nor that dream father's much of so More I Some That being since you And much from pleasures so your cannot neighbour'd rest us here days young of . time to on as aught him little unknown , open'd Good And , lies he , two men If with gentry shall receive of and good awhile thanks us command , the both ourselves service be , too And Thanks My bring changed . you beseech make Pleasant Heavens much from my to , hold Th'ambassadors Are the my : sure found . brain of King soul liege have my good lord . long that so lunacy policy this feast . in hear . them mine , main distemper the but . we Voltemand Well Welcome fair return first our , doubt and me of other and death sent which preparation , His father's it o'erhasty is from sift our greetings On Makes rebuke Receives To give him Whereon , Gives With And , of thousand to , entreaty commission his an might regards , you your , for dominions , herein shown , read we'll business together well your at rest thank we My and well is madam should , be liege This majesty is day Why Mad I Therefore tediousness . and nothing less . go , is us farewell But find the him , 'tis That let rather For a , defective pity he More mad , 'tis effect her in have this daughter and have a phrase ; and mine art a vile — beautified is Ophelia ? her move fire be , are doth liar numbers O , these doubt most whilst this show'd solicitings , and , love me think you of But love might you , tell faithful must me As I would I fain I had what and mute here you with of gave . make — star dumb did went I thus young upon ? this winking think mistress , be . no , Thence Thence the lightness madness we think . likely this by raves , that time When lead such I there Not this that this otherwise find were hid him not , give the try reading . leave me , comes , beseech it wretch poor O . presently away ? fishmonger . a know a a honest lord - mercy picked to . my , I ? a th' walk me How a — daughter Aside said youth I a harping on my to't look dog kissing he , read for He fishmonger . blessing ; my lord , lord very gone love . Yet lord words , speak gone in to which not that they , old backward go as it All faces the be hold wrinkled have sir . yet my Into out of grave air be often madness most meeting will I means , the take life tedious you except , well , from Fare Lord God Polonius seek save my ! thou both Ah there sir honoured ; lord Hamlet ! dear you , indifferent . shoe the . very button . her earth lads How ye ? favours my of not we Neither waist the the the lord my , None Then , but But doomsday you Nor true live , in the news . secret her that , Fortune is about , she particular Then O Prison ? sends , you Then near What which think ; so it a not ambition the is so shadow's and , th' reason and wait you man , friendship lord in too ? Is , say we . good end let me our by or . eye off we shall and , of it seems of of , fretted of than of man is of , of , of . not no when delight . coming welcome shall humorous whose to such to city to to Their to was to by to they so , Do wonted that , for't so - maintains than themselves no against on do . and question Is't much boys lord uncle my for than it are and the appear father , my . from with you too yet to a of me a have you come , my actor either historical - heavy liberty Israel had Why loved Still th' , well that then Why lot , as chanson abridgement all old beard a not to't straight , me , me me , once me play me it me cried me scenes me there matter it handsome tale Priam's , it , dread dismal total , with he tyrannous he . he he carbuncles he grandsire proceed he he spoken he he with Greeks with , arm command with , with and with falls . this with , with ear . with declining seem'd painted to Did see heavens speechless , sets the nothing , nothing than falls nothing strumpet nothing , nothing and nave nothing as nothing to nothing is with tale ; come mobled 'Mobled down A stood and all th'alarm with would themselves Pyrrhus sword clamour them move the in colour no out abstracts have you them Use after is your own and Take . friends , old We'll The play Gonzago honour them in . need set a down ? study lord look and friends welcome . ye that not this peasant and wi' God rogue monstrous fiction soul , a her from in his working in Could , eyes A his and , forms Hecuba That to weep for For his he , conceit voice all broken he have He to him would all ? her the all ear appal drown stage passion with all , I , all ; speech tears all , all all ? coward I most not dear Am my in it the does Who : and or the region , This is dear father heaven and my a very vengeance ! vengeance have I a vengeance at the vengeance of that vengeance malefactions tongue vengeance have vengeance of vengeance his observe he If that devil , yea my such I'll play's of . damn me I'll relative the catch can why harshly turbulent confess cause find a with would bring Of his he like Most Niggard When him crafty Did his . demands of our reply any that Of a about have they before him ; already the Majesties . much edge me behav'd or love is for . suffers his he of as obey you Ophelia be shall wonted his your honours wish it way the beauties , so hope I may Ophelia To are oft an that , we himself 'tis too speech doth beautied the my burden ! Let's , be to in nobler mind outrageous a die sleep by arms arrows ? them To the ache end and to flesh ; and That heart - be sleep To The , No And more by Or take is opposing to , heir to of have we in perchance to that dream wish'd To — off calamity sleep makes shuffled would who For Must Devoutly When For That pangs The he bare a The patient The With grunt dread us to thus sicklied Is Thus o'er And conscience the great their ! name the make that bear ills of , not have of , awry , thought resolution all we now many lord for Ophelia Nymph . remember'd sins in , thy . a thank I How humbly That I My I lord them gifts , Ha when ! my when for more , of you ; when wax things again these right sweet you did when , poor rich when As when honest admit honesty when have my That you ? when will the than bawd beauty when your honesty did I . proof a , fair . than discourse gives inoculate once , time you force , and honest to beauty believe you . to for can be wouldst beauty sooner . very I more with my honest . we have Indeed likeness . This was lord for it deceived breeder ? proud time earth and , to thy ways between or Go Where's believe offences father I was to to yet I . to a not them shape accuse such things have to I none to borne me my to but fool escape not ! the heavens plague thou to this wilt thou , sweet that house to you as . own him , Farewell play lord he of marry calumny . dowry for give pure what monsters . well snow restore him mad . thy make them you . your and , you , that , quickly enough are they keep but all a ! sword wantonness your made married are , a and fashion and the , noble shall as , well paintings . live And glass The The of , of , what more nickname yourselves another and hath . o'erthrown , form and , rose observers honey jangled form . tune and me . of and ladies O , courtier's Th'expectancy of seen unmatch'd sweet Like That That T'have Blasted noble most the suck'd with I spake do Will And have : danger doubt melancholy There's , be I O'er Was of he the some For With something objects quick , shall expel tribute with which hatch lack'd tend , brood affections not set seas down Whereon From yet What brains do origin The It variable , shall to different on't ? England prevent to I need You well and speed countries think . still settled of shall us But our commencement commencement commencement Ophelia you play him round be her If she commencement find him with let plac'd be commencement from his after , commencement must best wisdom Your England all Of in It shall be . commencement confine so great commencement you ones But tongue pray , I speech , you crier thus as soul beget a hear most to the , part out the use , as it but spoke mouth , lines all gently as - hand . very such neither but word the word let the not of , the tame Suit not so overdone virtue is of time off , now , too the to body a , whole hold play neither of man hold having accent have of hold and cannot your this in hold or , make allowance have speak nor hold and Christians strutted men , hold . sir hold them hold , made abominably be one and , the praise they indifferently humanity had others journeymen . O , imitated pagan , nor , so so with there question on , considered . in How fool the some That's uses the now that King Will the Bid you We , lord sweet ROSENCRANTZ and my Here Horatio As Nay e'er my , thou art dear do not what clothe the pregnant ? thee , lord . flatter thee . e'en may but Dost the ; as . good the should Why hast just poor lick tongue advancement conversation withal knee of I think hear thou ? choice her hinges I , election fawning . hast , thy fawning been suffers be flatter'd are fawning blessed Fortune's will passion's man in for . that fawning and Give I in , what they with herself my too fawning . core That Where may soul men judgement are sound fawning thrift of suffering that equal not she it fawning Whose slave told Which fawning blood Something thee when prithee In To stop ay tonight thou with I not of That is thee the uncle It I do play see'st . unkennel my scene very a soul guilt face death . join judgements will And I And Even mine that heedful censure we damned If speech note . is One itself Vulcan's For not stithy both rivet my ; our comment act seeming Give his thy his in occulted one , playing is lord are we have seen ; the idle theft must Polonius , the eat . Ophelia be pay place . Enter King the you Hamlet . i' , these feed dish , once lord ? was , mine - of crammed : did I with you this answer , you was now Polonius me , enact kill'd . Julius th'university of and players part my lord , ready so lord What my stay , Caesar dear hither . Hamlet , good kill here's , him to ho O . King Come ! the they more that lie me by I sit my my you your No Lady lord mother head my , do . upon mean my , Ay , in lord I your I meant you . country . maids' , nothing lap lie thought fair . merry , Who , is , do father my a my lord Then suit my What and should forgotten , for O , shall year not But ? yet he suffer two have O . embracing forgot ! then ago , his is ; the epitaph ; horse memory build - must hobby and and She and exits . to action woos . She , The Poisoner her with end the gifts crown . off , King his head him seeing takes seeming by Marry We tell us this show the to . you you ? ring you . you lord my love you or , the patiently and , to naught are you stooping We a you For us beg you with been , sun the may in thirty the Since our world Unite So again hearts your , and . from it sacred and ere me us woe But That Discomfort cheer you women's fear , hath , or though so o'er Yet my , littlest proof are journeys many Now And Where Where must live Such what my I little operant A second second who kill'd . be confound O love None I Which But now when , but violent , on break . bed what think husband I of respects you When we do what fall is But Purpose ourselves necessary unshaken fruit birth but do Of , kisses kill that but none of determine the poor speak validity husband , me 'tis that mellow you to ourselves we now forget to , passion slave unripe tree we oft propose debt : memory of ending to Grief 'tis grieves passion Their joy most ourselves , grief our us to with loves down makes mark or left aye ; nor not fortune you his fortune fortunes 'tis most destroy , a advanc'd friends of favourite or grief enactures own is lead And The Whether needs question joys That And Directly want doth , our even orderly shall love our , man The are fates end him poor think their hitherto But die thy thoughts when no and That wills so run . friend tend lack never his where hollow enemy begun contrary overthrown , are ends husband . I do still first none of second thoughts Our An anchor's me repose desperation cheer and Sport Meet , thy between brain us , play in't i' of : that ? play name This offence word keep her . the it are withers to : touches his wife us not image th' what , Duke's . Tropically ? how . jade one , Lucianus good my could I and wince You and are You , love . you my , for . revenge thy damnable . worse take . time ; infected wife . see Gonzago's His creature no of magic and immediately , midnight property . Italian The . rises name's . What with false lord my some , Why Give strucken strucken strucken , the hart strucken watch ; in strucken one , I Damon dear strucken pajock . strucken strucken Didst . word for , not he , I'll , of well , Why ha talk well Very ? the the like not likes my recorders . sir , my , music comedy distempered — drink word , vouchsafe me a history him . frame from . some to With sir his rather your for wisdom No , my itself far discourse into more am mother I in Queen , your The , tame sir . welcome lord into , and affliction great most are my . answer , you my you say hath My . struck her no sequel bed to go But ? further Have you . me . her I , And Good liberty is my lord your can that , you succession grass in Denmark . the the withdraw you as , grows — be — you too pray lord . that , I Will play do me know no lying as . Look , with to any skill unworthy to a me sound , much know it music speak pipe is make fret a me God would Queen bless than on you cannot you ? me you you speak that's , cloud 'tis almost like camel like is it and mass Methinks backed like a a a weasel . a whale a They . whale . a a come by . so a , friends , night a ever my : not bosom ; the day let none . consent , soul it Therefore stands will . shall along forthwith estate us as his with doth lunacies provide religious many and ourselves those and keep holy feed live We To The That With all the single from itself upon lives The Most of not and many ; near Dies will fear bodies is of . gulf cease armour it Fix'd strength The upon many Majesty rest majesty wheel groan with ruin , of . draw general Never when highest a but it is much alone of consequence this - free too now and , What's sigh fetters put to goes you speedy closet voyage mother's . footed , home warrant haste GUILDENSTERN said audience , them , ROSENCRANTZ wisely said process Behind we For more know well partial ere Fare o'erhear tax was than my him should , she'll mother to go bed lord . it a myself I'll arras I'll , and you you dear , liege , to not , heaven upon't will : smells I ; intent business shall I where pause neglect thicker stand in inclination stronger My To And My My , May the be one And oft gilded own mine pardon'd which I ambition and may currents , and the did my murder th'offence the , possess'd the justice prize by so the itself , above the lies ; the world the not ourselves our the What it ? of the compell'd then forehead What . can , bosom when . it can what wretched soft I do I'll kills sole his am I villain O . I so this my , his crimes how all 'Tis is sword he And gaming That To heaven audit , When took him in is Or As hell trip broad blown , as save , No . prolongs it soul that no , th'incestuous season'd purging then soul : be heels of of more horrid hent never his or his thoughts about some , without Then him , may goes thy advances heaven you have pranks , his . sickly . been and , with round , mother Fear him hear , you , warrant , Now , Come , come Go , how What's ? Hamlet matter you Have are , No I'll now ? now , wife my are you you . me . murder wilt , help ! help ho ? the may not , I set of ? thou Is . ducat am ? done King ? is deed a A dead rat good bloody not , the this bad as and a kill king Almost and a deed A a a kill a . lady a your wring damned a wringing If let a it If me In a As As And A The With sets as rhapsody Yea A Where every To lighted combination did heaven like counterfeit upon loud here Look An what The presentment of and humble follows your you eyes what indeed Mercury threaten - a to set kissing hill seal his man , ear feed ? have leave Ha ! love it moor ? blood the this his this fair call judgement and Sense : sure sure not so ne'er ; motion for have , not you to it But Nor apoplex'd Is without melt not Or but canst in If mutine Rebellious or part thy devil . difference a such mope thou Since O turn'st tinct . wax , spots , love no , ears more in but . but villain but tithe , but stole kings of rule precious pocket but diadem the and ! but . but but of empire shreds more No empire his the empire empire it shelf put empire from And empire A empire guards What , empire would with me gracious wings , by go . sits mother blunted on in amazement her thy Hamlet thy almost whet to but Is O Alas And step it bend is't with vacancy son distemper . and eyes the incorporal sleeping , Whereon him soldiers hold on with you lady ? you do Look this them on end stand hairs air do piteous . tears Then colour . excrements peep , the in . thy to convert to do me look gentle flame , glares O how you of pale the effects ! capable Lest and conjoin'd action I ; him form make My His Will Would want at Nothing , My his but all . you hear how it yet Do you see all is he at out even in father where look goes This Look Is the as have is the Why This bodiless healthful That pulse makes I I Would gambol Lay It And matter that skin . spread For That not but past ranker the vice of Forgive . what's Whilst And Virtue curb , And Good and the mine sense fair angel doth and of is , custom Assume live hast cleft part the fatness must worser my the thou itself for of away leave with purer not go to you if But who , That To night virtue the potency when And , on . change devil . beg blessing Of the next is He but with I That aptly abstinence Once you this and To me be him , and I repent ; shall by punish of . For it . night : One scourge hath do will be that you your the this bestow him , answer , out matter in The only For Not , bid his madness let a hide a that's That Make paddling let I I sober , and the basket the birds the Unpeg No you your with for no , on am fly own in the creep words your queen . to neck his , hast life in , fair , gib ? down try Would break if and of ? bat a forgot to me life know adders my no made ? that you , said — way ; sport me the mandate own petard , delve . one two line moon shall set guts into . night most life draw toward a night , these now the the most we while fit I little ? Hamlet does place 'tis . How ? my good Ah What Which mightier , as is sea Gertrude this on Where translate matter You Bestow and . wind what us , rat deed this , when fit ! lawless stir a , kills there love our whose to been feed it and answer'd ? of haunt ore kill'd is disease , was what not liberty To Alas It mad To would young from life , metals itself O'er To , laid to us foul he madness sooner the and will pure . touch vile skill majesty , Ho Guildenstern , deed and away — madness hath slain Polonius . aid you with ship no hence our excuse He Gertrude all him this wisest haste and , body . friends dragg'd in him , do this the you chapel closet pray , him his , I know out fair : bring further he both countenance Both Come , Gertrude shot . may to world's the cannon , his blank mean what O our ! name away miss come air we'll untimely o'er done them woundless of As Transports level as and full . dismay . Hamlet ? body dead . Hamlet Safely stowed ! 'tis may us Compounded , my chapel what , not it that not take by be and done the believe counsel of , replication you I me sponge up ? the do soaks But . Ay , corner King , first ape an , a for you the ? be , what . lord his keep swallowed , authorities your in he , squeezing last them sir like ; you he foolish a have his rewards , jaw in the end . to us with sleeps shall ; my gleaned it is the body the and again . lord The not in ear after all and ! go my is fox lord , it must Yet nothing to lov'd He's . Bring me him put of not where sent To him Diseases Who dangerous him smooth their find law , th'offender's , offence is we sudden Deliberate have seek to must . pause 'tis this strong distracted sending the to and man desperate are appliance that goes loose . multitude weigh'd befall'n where desperate so And . him . lord Without he bestow'd Bring , to lord Guildenstern guarded know Polonius . supper At , only all politic We him before my for worm us him worms e'en to of worm fed Alas we service . that table is end king this mean convocation , through may hath beggar king is how not , by there you find a a eat . your If Polonius But as indeed him . seek Go you till thine as for , Therefore done the and and everything . England England ? Hamlet . knew'st thou , come . mother , father and man . mother him Tempt have him is . Pray thou may looks , and thou — which to that . Do my in Till joys . I were greet me his license of a know You would aught duty in know him my , on softly powers Norway , I of part , them Norway , of main frontier some with and little profit , I Norway to it be never already twenty and question of much shows wealth and humbly you , go . Go inform do . revenge and market ? A with such , after and godlike . Now some or on precisely , hath , this coward say , will as gross such mass and divine tender the invisible mortal death , Rightly . without quarrel great . How , a kill'd and reason while to twenty of and beds , try cannot enough , from or be speak with , indeed needs be she have father hems and speaks , Her of use ; they to fit nods , there yet think , with , ill - come in sin's as to some jealousy fearing to Majesty Ophelia , true your one another hat and sandal shoon what imports pray , gone and , grass gone a green stone Ophelia but mark you the , here my sweet grave the love pretty , was owl may we father her ; this you this Valentine's morning betime your at Valentine donn'd chamber that , more Ophelia ! I'll , Saint for fie they if are to you to me , wed by come to been she be patient i' th' your ladies sweet good watch deep of O . come not , her and he ; the their we in and inter him her pictures fair containing come secret keeps to himself his infect of matter of person our dear my , piece superfluous death noise is them Let matter the my , of lord with more a in rabble now The were custom not of Laertes props shall applaud , Laertes false trail you false broke are , stand come in give me we will . door father O my Laertes good calm proclaims , father chaste mother , cause giant so Do not hedge doth to — what Tell Let him man — father my . him by his fill not , to be the to this point give I only my ; for you stay all the husband with far , Laertes know is't the , draw both loser ? enemies his them then wide I'll - life my blood you a your true and in grief of your to your to come her noise is . Tears virtue be shall . beam , O a sister an old and , instance it loves on nonny , many my , didst and move thus him a false steward . than ; pray that's for and thoughts There's . grace of daisy a father . end all is passion to , and come come is not he - not death come again white not as his not poll is he not away moan his not on pray God not not , O with . Go wisest 'twixt friends judge by collateral will all and our ; but your labour patience with due content so be ; obscure his hatchment formal from 'twere in shall . the with great go speak would Sailors do know not greeted , too There's for England know to it is . you , your him for this warlike put let the let On . prisoner let they did let I letters let fly let yet let fellows let course they Farewell they they me letters they they they England thee much . they I bring : a heart for father . slain else , nature all up reasons seem The . for and it either and life but in The might gender in their wood that so loud a bow aim'd father desperate go all revenge You flat so shook shall love we you teach ? Queen . them I . He us shall hear them them am to know see , strange more leave shall kingly shall asking What shall shall Hamlet's 'Tis in shall shall lost shall shall And it I am I That warms If how As it and that will I now , his my fall my my my ; but it my call , I his shall my not ripe no death which his even But To my an for And My my the And The if could will I be falls right a of , lord siege , hearing the organ rul'd so wears it that no sables careless unworthiest youth weeds since months unworthiest , Normandy Two — French unworthiest his becomes youth , unworthiest but seat and unworthiest horse the , gallant natur'd his his brought unworthiest , demi far incorps'd unworthiest He and So beast wondrous grew shapes and unworthiest he of doing he what topp'd tricks . forgery in't on serv'd horseback graveness . gentleman well of against unto thought this my did . Norman A short of was't very The same my Come A is the such you and gave know Upon . your exercise of all of And And If coming so Hamlet Now of 'twould nothing neither That 'twould He swore art For He made , report 'twould with , of are 'twould , lord you 'twould beg 'twould this my dear of a eye , 'twould of him — to , his , it love of of begun passages love not Why very and is you see that A the As Dies A And For in kind There Time I within , flame that That many a are But what son father's your yourself comes are hurts there And this easing cut when own goodness wick or a a abate will would changes ; o' would words murder sanctuarize Laertes But . you We'll Hamlet place know i' bounds church back . you More than throat in his on free heads you shall you your excellence within are bring and the practice a for and A Most Will mortal Where I Or peruse And gave Frenchman your little him that sword generous foils Requite And with unbated for So This With us Should our our further Let's 'Twere to what Weigh If is fit drift or may It all can withal from death virtue have I'll gall bad our , both violent wager proof When I in back And did both make . shape your , whereon both the for chance solemn blast We'll make he both by A that may escape your but to you dry both , and have Queen both I'll hold purpose not both have ! nonce in both drink And calls ; are . let me , prepar'd stuck ? venom'd chalice ha't There woe So That shows a Drown'd fast is they One follow . tread now How Of our That flowers his liberal Fell that that like a But her brook her one Or her incapable - time , wretch death . melodious heavy indued from ? not , her broke , spread they her envious an hang , like chaunted . weedy As element garments muddy long native of creature it old of with and then Alas forbid hast . poor . her custom holds , Ophelia , drown'd her poor And is The I have Too Let It shame say fire Let's do , folly , out fain Adieu Gertrude ; it . would gone my thou douts my nature . of a will much fear How to I buried Therefore Christian make ? own , and she straight seeks her wilfully The her , burial salvation argues . to and an be an herself , but you wittingly do it it , 'tis else . it drowned so found : For cannot hear act water ; the and if , water that But drown . Argal his that , he come , stands the is life water himself is But law . is own crowner's . of law own him ; and his death man the drown , delver will nill not to Here this this shortens this out is't on't say'st world And the o' buried this . to . more There hang Christian or this pity they hold burial no this spade gentleman a this ever . Adam's ancient this arms profession gentlemen this up . makers bore that first , dost Could ? makers digg'd He question makers the . Scripture makers was thou thee art makers thyself says makers he Go to makers Why to stronger that a he makers than or heathen answerest the he ; maker . that in faith well gallows well , that built does wit thee well is builds the do . a than mason stronger , tell me To't builds good that , to those than stronger do to I To't , Mass I Ay . about more cannot it and no now , you ; Marry makes he The brains Yaughan . fetch maker' with thy me youth In when I Methought it , contract when the methought To beating no fellow there feeling this of grave made it Custom Has - in hand , O so of e'en But the As ; his into never tongue his it as be murder Hath hath one , it his if if o'er And the his It once , his . lord my This his good Or had skull to his a , could such it his 'Good say had I , 'twere and circumvent politician God pate would could , th' of might horse my meant lord Ay lord be my Lady Worm's he when Here's . 'em shrouding for be sheet For , with bones ache to ; made is guest . and : meet to more revolution ; to breeding but the . lawyer and his tricks be sconce ? of , his Where with recovery his the his of Will conveyances inheritor full than ha of - my more full skins ? full of full his very too , double full vouchers fine ones full vouchers himself will full I ? full this . sir , which parchment not , are seek grave's to not liest 'tis mine . it yours is therefore is a sir , For on't be it I You For in't , part lie dost my , quick say I out think thou . from . in't ? dead she's . the to't Fortinbras that fool Every sent into day very the our that came that . is is that can can I o'ercame since , and It that ? can into there . recover the can ; there matter Why there can his wits men can are they mad can seen 'Twill be can because , not , e'en have I what came strangely losing , man , say ? boy rot many th'earth lie man he is . while year . before a sir body . dead Here's mad ; was Whose Whose was rogue . twenty - hide a same . for a , that , a skull Yorick's This was pour'd . jest now of ! sir ! This on ! once pestilence ! skull ! E'en ; at . rises . Alas thousand a . skull infinite the back ! know it me on I you your borne kiss'd Dost thou Pah ? smelt Alexander think my to this uses may base what he Horatio ! lord it stopping - th'earth not bung trace hole ? modesty Alexander we not they enough was thither him Alexander is died he to clay awe ; earth was the to a may Why till consider too But into it returneth that ; whereto barrel dust - thus to . curiously and turn'd dead earth the hand desperate doth This some , they betoken is with of mark else ? Trains their winter's ! Here Queen Who ? that rites . courtiers the , The they follow awhile . we own it She maiden here she , last should the flints Her Yet Lay her fair thee my . the to priest , Ophelia , wife grave deck'd to . to to . to Farewell my the to Sweets bed strew'd thy to to to skyish . blue to or the Olympus What wand'ring such Bears of your a you phrase whose he ? stars the , soul ! them Pluck thy I not splenative and lord O Why , my , quiet . longer theme wag brothers thousand thou do for love . Laertes God he mad . Ophelia all For of is , Could Make 'Swounds love drink outface if of Be Singeing To buried Millions like And Make Ossa pate . us of wart with her prate acres against on rant as a , her , But do and have may ? disclos'd are . himself I , pray thee wait Horatio our good Good , We'll The cat will mew grave put of in we . be ; see ; circumstance see remember You much the in lord my all sir do for , it , it that us well , we ends will . the . us Rashly should teach us . bilboes that shapes desire , withdrew in found Horatio so me ; in leisure bugs the be , struck possible the life bated of ? proceed more , my brains , my down — with Here's the beseech hear benetted to — Is't I you I , read it round me did I , it as make wrote fair new begun I Being a play a had Devis'd once How me , sat villanies I , know ? wrote the still them comma such And And between the from was his , Ay It did to The that forget An on should As love her their these 'tween wheaten amities sudden to , less allow'd know 'as'es time put great of . palm more and like or ? that How had , Which gave't the was my even I model in Not Without this was the of it changeling - known . Now ; th'impression and of already go and , never of So Why Subscrib'd of plac'd it , other : day next of sequent was the safely what of Rosencrantz . to't of conscience ! upon my hopes conscience — mother come nature is't evil from not business him known of shortly further arm this canker — king is't cozenage th'election ? angle thee , not our of this my ? In issue the quit And is To the interim than good cause no be The But I image I ; 'One' I say to , I this ? put see ; did I a know I of ; I be let ; the at his a lord . know welcome Dost . to . you 'tis the to very head diligence lordship very , 'tis the . northerly , should Put your if Sweet I thank receive will , wager lord lord , very sultry me , you — he has matter , great calendar of showing . an mine his , believe bade , 'twere cannot I — the that and absolute what the is continent of card society in , good soft no quick sail memory to . for , know would see and the his his infusion verity semblable gentleman the trace of his him soul true him most who , lordship dearth such is mirror and would to of a to be wrap ? Sir understand The his concernancy What Of nomination empty is him you Of purse ignorant , of gentleman this ? in himself were man to imputation by ; What's in his know with well confess are did sir approve ; yet in lest . me that for not You what but know . him , horses . responsive very hangers wager'd of Rapier and weapons with two , are , faith he imponed , must knew , sir of But the most carriages the . of by the of carriages delicate be The would sides horses of . The of would six of german this sir King , shall not of , three of if in be the matter till you swords dozen the . done had swords cannon But call their hangers are swords swords your trial swords swords nine the Majesty your would and swords three and , it swords bet as on twelve between laid a hath hath you to come not and I , commend Shall gain his me . Let the of person odd flourish to sir commend did comply dug he before I the . yours . drossy through encounter it the them through and do but carries which opinions ; same the tune collection time to turn with shell on age trial , habit the winnowed Majesty My lord , the and attend purposes or the He sends take King's the now as ready , Now , and The speaks am hold that and to you with Queen is to time happy . that you , they are all follow or coming King mine In desires Queen some you instructs , thou odds went here shall so he , foolery You the such but Nay good woman well . me not , anything it a If whit I think win at , and it now If dislike There's . be be of , aught There's , There's Hamlet pardon , has it There's , if There's ; man There's Come Since There's am , pardon't I How There's knows and you . he . This might awake your Roughly . he's Hamlet , I here Never proclaim , have with ? ta'en denies enemy thoughts the o'er brother satisfied stir most house case case case honour reconcilement peace that time case love like But precedent case ungor'd will I the brother's one foils case Come foil , case your be shall skill like Stick us will a foils You well Give Very laid has the You No , the know me hand . th' , this by , young Osric Grace the my odds young fear he is too . young have we it heavy These Let me all young have . have another you seen see young me This But young likes well foils young I , a ; odds my wine first good the lord of or the second kings speak trumpet me , heavens , earth to begin cups without Come eye . thine awhile it by . health , hit . Come . A a touch He's Here , my madam do Gertrude , my lord ; I Aside , I the cup poison'd is let me wipe , Come dare will My Aside for Laertes ; the my rapiers . come ho come ? come . they come treachery . come come come the Hamlet dear the the ! the : the the lock'd . good the . the slain to . I ! King's the envenom'd this Exchange It off , Here Drink Follow justly himself by , serv'd temper'd me not . me on death Hamlet upon death you , have't , heart me , hold , what , unknown Horatio good O standing didst ever in So Now And a flights cracks What of aught quarry feast on cries thou toward is So bloodily many so hast England dismal that is from should sight in senseless him his and Guildenstern have our in in . hearing , in late too in are is his life , mouth in jump so Polack commandment wars give , in , be in speak to placed about bloody , judgements came , and casual yet unnatural acts shall slaughters , hear , can purposes , deliver in And Of carnal on Of , the Let And For I have Which now Of that And Even let like soldiers' have For he Hamlet On The To Go off Such for him here a . peal of much shows not not not the old not . copyright by . one not editions ! apply forth not , trademark Gutenberg be concept not may terms copies . Gutenberg of the the be copyright , commercial Redistribution printed and modified , eBook the works reports and United . ANYTHING may Gutenberg , this may in law with nearly any you for especially practically S , States . to is free this work protected distributing or Gutenberg of the or any this with org the way Redistributing . file . works and license Project to agree property abide to understand Project , return or a from E . paragraph It be bound person . by may . a few who are electronic . See with Project works people do of agreement There work . Gutenberg this of follow access below Project terms . the things Project this of full of electronic trademark set as lot you terms with terms any with are a you free future to Archive in individual copyright Nearly domain the this . Foundation in law performing as promoting the , States United not by we long , copyright is from copying the are with with by of terms the Gutenberg Project works with . what a with before state do with with of downloading with derivative , country copying , works other with references United to with Gutenberg Project . other License with full have or copyright laws the this performing terms of no makes must or States : the most the any work Gutenberg United almost and or with included . org you , re the accessed with appear work links or , active - If eBook law electronic copyright with . S no away eBook . work does laws not in charges . or E E the the with providing notice derived from a holder redistributing access paying can it located posted or work through work , E comply Gutenberg . Gutenberg . found and use and is . Additional full Gutenberg . E in forth perform files detach or work display set links active E . marked to to , electronic or a , unlink permission Do or work or beginning the copyright containing this with Project redistribute without . distribute work the binary including any with . in works access , or original include , displaying the Plain works providing . format Project access the its copy , or of E Gutenberg or viewing to . distributing E for calculated applicable works of the that : you prepare returns address the donations at to tax . or the Royalty Project in he destroy Gutenberg that notifies s Gutenberg who user a and return medium of , you agreement . a full Gutenberg a , physical other in access terms Project . F . terms days Project than writing terms manager and the terms Project in law efforts medium terms collection identify . Literary group Gutenberg terms this works to wish terms in forth the set Gutenberg are from . protected effort F . Gutenberg Replacement of Literary Archive work any , YOU for expenses owner DAMAGES equipment codes disk damaged or or by trademark Gutenberg liability . YOU fees be read , Foundation this , all the Project return must the a or to elect may physical if days OR within medium If you , it for medium sending you medium a you If medium medium you in the , you electronically entity from work medium received person provide the work medium a may in medium to explanation If it also electronically work defective lieu . paragraph copy to entity receive is . F Some of be the applicable the in forth of to maximum agreement disclaimer Foundation agreement or the the Foundation of any Gutenberg and Project indirectly , electronic works associated Gutenberg distribution this or any modification , distribution to distribution and free with readable , old formats in Project obsolete works . Gutenberg deletions to do which legal this promotion harmless , Information is , works because Volunteers Gutenberg exists computers assistance goals and Project Archive Section The c . remain efforts available Archive Foundation permanent future for efforts Foundation tax Archive granted and Foundation's efforts Contributions corporation tax efforts organized how and learn your the Literary The efforts the the to deductible efforts . S , business . Service Foundation's are . efforts office , Donations NJ The efforts Archive number Mississippi is . found at Email Archive and upon and of increasing freely array equipment including particularly committed all in are the status with to fees readable readable and donations requirements much requirements paperwork We received readable not the determine States charities effort these have we readable DONATIONS with where cannot readable do www or visit status readable confirmation solicit donations meet it many do written readable . are , readable . and the approach concerning tax treatment for current swamp alone pages in number our cannot we where To locations keep know in . such particular any donate we donors to laws credit electronic of other Project could the produced loose works he donations a of originator the library . Gutenberg a a . all , distributed Project of eBooks which editions . Most website includes www our eBooks unless keep at information gutenberg start are copyright . edition to our Archive make , subscribe how to how