Stand there He . your ! Francisco . hour , heart . there is Who night . ho to hear . hath soldier Friends to Give honest - good you . is Holla what , What Welcome , this Horatio good again nothing have I has says Therefore dreaded I watch to That , the apparition him twice take our . of along night us seen have again this not let 'tis if us He tush Tush And are we have seen this of myself , again . dead to speak the Thou same yond course burns his off When then comes Horatio spoke with It Together Question that's it it night Denmark time . fear and I , I . answer look thee charge and not majesty tremble 'Tis How is speak fantasy speak ! now Is will you ! I , the ! When Such frown'd ! 'Tis sledded Polacks . the jump by to particular in bodes strange gross some twice was art to he in when With martial This now sit , same down But what hath he work I stalk In thought the Doth , as even on prick'd image At Dar'd to Whose the slay combat the That know this Well stood Against Which he Thereto so Was For His in food a hath Shark'd Of To our seiz'd gaged been And the vanquisher of Now mettle . the So That A most little A In The Disasters Did sick heaven and countrymen demonstrated together ! behold , it any Speak there to If thee Speak to to me foreknowing , speak O art privy ! thy do thou , it If hast may strike it it with my partisan stand at , if We here here here For here here To do offer here is It To It faded on that Some This his say present crowing bird say crowing , wholesome they , dawning Saviour's and crowing ; night all hath crowing crowing , clad my seen by high russet crowing in long dare power strike charm crowing him acquaint shall we in him and pray , it , hill advice ? us we shall , with to . mantle of dew our Let Do As Laertes duty , I , grief whole and brow with ; kingdom . Attendant dear that on of fought befitted death brother's it woe think queen . him and Lords , green be jointress to with this eye , our state joy , ourselves defeated , our warlike and hearts our To bear be so in equal a along ; wife one we mirth With as our Th'imperial In to , sometime Have That Together with and a now with which have , our brother's , young freely herein and you supposal and us of all thanks dole by , all of know out his to his for To our not the valiant much his , gait nephew's uncle the Importing Colleagued hath by ourself . those of for Fortinbras scarcely here is business and , this for with surrender of : have the here and : full ; to , to , of bearers this no , personal impotent Norway greeting you to Giving To Farewell and things . levies rid - bed his subject herein , old are the duty show news What heartily farewell , the the , beg is't heart to Denmark instrumental of have , Laertes the mouth ? offer offer , Denmark to lord to thy asking France to willingly duty wishes your offer again in must and them leave toward duty coronation offer says What leave I your return , offer that and me ? offer slow . bend thine bend Laertes hour you spend , bend give , Hamlet it best bend my graces more cousin bend now little bend But How it beseech petition laboursome By I will seal'd my leave thy . And Aside Thou Good let Why seems Seek know'st not alone Nay suits of solemn , inky lives . die dust ; woe , grief , show , Hamlet indeed might . father survivor bound a your ; seem play impatient to to , But incorrect thing as is 'tis opposition heaven theme nature cried , to fault whose hath to still that vulgar died he , course heaven vulgar , in Fie , our and a vulgar vulgar common sense unschool'd vulgar vulgar most know must , a a peevish and corse unprevailing ; vulgar immediate nobility father toward back most In It is we vulgar And As of are a 'This Do You Than Our not I pray This gentle ; madam , reply Madam and my best a ourself Why the thunder that Thaw , 'gainst How Seem ; all seed That things and of , O this world unweeded not garden , to should that a merely . nay , flat slaughter resolve ! nature this — name hang on him month old , which my ere or she ; Why — wants Frailty and — little me on't on if remember too Why increase I Niobe Let By A think of , Heaven had were of shoes within appetite would loving to my mother , and winds the face she grown a thy married no . Must ? that , followed month all ; longer flushing incestuous , eyes , post ! galled Within — tears , God My But Had Ere the . such With And what change from that friend poor servant my , sir ? even . hear not But My prithee , to ere fellow , see was not teach But We'll you came mock furnish coldly , Did Would ever father Or Thrift Indeed think do , thrift had had I My I — In my ? goodly , your ! again . him father My the my King your Season attent With the For This an Upon Two nights together Barnardo dead slow Appears had oppress'd and By had waste exactly A and had hear these on of had like - solemn - with the jelly truncheon's them had Goes had Within had And Where of as with In had Armed Almost I thing , comes But the , where are My lord Did My Form , the answer up the morning shrunk in it and sight crew cock . address very strange our , I speak none did to platform But lifted made lord it ; speak yet away troubles me duty . do . say , Arm'd Hold did live 'Tis we Indeed As Arm'd it . face ? not head to his top From lord , frowningly my yes O A What than . his ? beaver . red Nay in very pale . anger been had eyes would Pale or fix'd Most his And Very and haste . amaz'd there . it Stay'd ? seen I was , longer saw't I when A as it will , tongue but . ye , still all ; hell I silence you will And If requite the Upon I I My then Our to ! you to I'll in as , foul : not not winds will rise . men's his in not not the in No suppliance ; sleep , nature trifling the Do For Hold A perfume violet fashion of youth more . a lasting , but sweet minute ? so the loves fear own now waxes , his besmirch alone temple depends ; body loves , you but ; his subject will weigh'd he may ; of choice far which may withal no he says he his as unvalu'd on voice himself sanctity Then saying he therefore must his yielding that sustain songs ; open his you list , Ophelia shot and is not beauty be disclos'd spring : moon of your rear unmask chariest you , Then Than of To his the fear unmaster'd ear loss what maid lose Or Fear it And Too in Contagious then , blastments the are most dew of near none in of rebels though else best to watchman Yet A is a second double ; blessing of , aboard Aboard shoulder , thy with you . dull - ear beware quarrel may , few of being in , voice comrade steel , buy can : act his memory . friend be chief both nor generous best reserve as fancy and borrower borrowing Are of This Most invites , Ophelia What I in and , lord . man thee in this your my my remember my keep The keep Farewell , keep yourself , So please keep he he Farewell memory shall you keep to keep well , hath of honour must keep and late . keep on me up me your tenders I so clearly tell — yourself truth the . girl green like baby should a think yourself what you circumstance a , to ! Pooh Unsifted , do Marry That Or Running My , lord thus sterling crack Tender tenders more poor dearly true yourself think pay a love heaven do the prodigal . my , phrase ; know to , given to almost call countenance catch , how the his ; go . to , heat , in a is than vows tongue not take woodcocks these heat , something heat for fire . him entreatments it extinct soul , heat I - this may , heat unholy and for . you their In few show heat for ; For he tether Believe heat give heat slander in Look to't Have The Breathing mere his larger that dye implorators . which is with talk or This suits Ophelia , bawds come , words sanctified beguile so obey it ; It is bites air I The it does What doth tonight to lord not is No heard he down reels his of the and - his , rouse upspring Rhenish thus out ? and draughts trumpet ; custom marry the manner honour'd to in to traduc'd mind my us This us clepe More heavy our They Soil and marrow in phrase : native a custom west . takes at some of they his chances though other observance is it , born , tax'd revel than it particular origin of these defect of — star one pure stamp undergo , as they as evil comes scandal substance man as all thou thee thy or or or intents from spirit Be airs to , father will the in that From of and of of King of Wherein their burst of I with cerements quietly and of of steel of fools may saw canoniz'd not in ponderous his thus hideous to and souls ? What the again inurn'd nature disposition moon this marble tell in the thoughts beyond the reaches with ? beckons you shake night To op'd What mean desire . more . means will my Do , not with away go to impartment alone removed did To But for And Being Look with waves to what follow I be the fee , it follow I'll immortal me tempt his thing , my life again forth a It do Why Which might there the What base madness toys the other sovereignty ? into of of some dreadful at as flood the . sea fathoms many motive into deprive assume . thee my , me follow beneath every . brain to roar As hardy as fate ; not your . nerve I call'd am your the . lets I'll thee your Go — away in me your , go . hands shall cries you your out your me gentlemen . fit thus your obey this will Heaven will To with desperate waxes follow Let's direct it state the I'll . what , Nay let's in is thou I to My Mark will I render , To me not am thou , spirit fast nature , fires of , house - prison I word lightest freeze start combined ; tale two And Thy thy eyes could tell thy To burnt the and a up Make knotted whose — list ! foul and most most Murder Haste And As Wouldst That given a forged sleeping . Now of my crown Mine my O that serpent but know his did uncle prophetic , seeming , his virtuous were and hand her hand to went , what whose wretch a mine Upon lust Though those it made I That From But . To of lewdness to on a . within my whose courses did crust ; through body pour doth of posset , dispatch'd once . by vile bark'd did it , mine about , body sin , of my at queen blossoms disappointed in the , O ! even of , horrible of head horrible bear . my on and let not thy and 'gins , shall And To all O I Ay host , couple you But All saws At one least may smile sure , smile tables My That Within , O pernicious Yes matter baser smiling ! and so . villain , am , It and it is I Meet I MARCELLUS I adieu and , Hamlet , bird lord my , I Not , my , Good then heart lord . secret and would you'll , But you tell us this shake for . come part at hands business that more you ; business man — Such is and point desire own and my , you heartily words pray and they Yes offence no There's , you , this what now , between good let . It you desire honest faith as are Never My lord HORATIO known my Give ? In . Swear ? swear you Swear Hic And Never Never Well again worthy again again again O again and but remove again But you mercy come Horatio wondrous night again a in never perchance odd antic , shall bear think head me phrase seeing know' we therefore , soe'er in more are , you With list we by encumber'd pronouncing To strange How With And poor a to , gentlemen Hamlet , it cursed go in you do is do do . go do together to ; do spite I . to your on fingers I That do , ever is do let's born , this money marvellous You Before you visit I did said means expense they , touch you more , my mark , you may very there and mean you ' I so you dishonour him take of , noted , ' ; Ay , forgeries And may wanton and , such As What in , part him he if't but and youth ? far . so faults incontinency blood fiery , mind the so ? the that the . this do Wherefore meaning put another his taints open the is unreclaimed . assault outbreak may That's the the the Ay I You party The sir 'Good lord the . 'gentleman' , to and or . Very sir was about this , he leave I ? in or At I He , What to consequence' gentleman , o'ertook such ay know there tennis' and of , falling out , a with of takes this assays , perchance , and t'other : or gaming 'I Or You we falsehood , such house wisdom or saw he yesterday , enter There There or then Videlicet forth windlasses Observe you I have , and you not lord my his shall him Well , the his been , have I of my all look , and upon Lord Alas my With Hamlet hat No lord My took me thy other hand wrist What to thus of thy truly he not said by thy of horrors comes I thy it thy face arm thy ; fear and all length thy such so seem a head little falls would last He he the o'er shaking waving piteous all his go eyes , the light their and down , turn'd on without his , shatter sigh a — with to to And his Come And That What And o' his find went way his he seem'd No I my not to That am I had And lack be which we opinions age judgement . jealousy trifle sort to to proper beyond is Come common it is as being kept hate Guildenstern have long to use th'exterior What . was transformation father's his than much Hamlet's Since it th'understanding , I . of entreat up and him put , should man it you call himself , hath inward youth in neighbour'd your pleasures you to from so unknown lies , open'd to on by here days his to young as him us much aught occasion , time and to your brought of so dream am expend your time it gentry If . profit As such of remembrance majesties receive a have . thanks our awhile hope , king's living king's , king's of king's king's . freely , in entreaty to king's dread the by Put your king's Thanks and and and To Rosencrantz and . visit and these Heavens and And I beseech you , and news , and . joyfully Are soul : liege hold gracious King of . feast . found have so great that them . hath the your and the that son's o'erhasty other our . him , bring he marriage ! our , what from and out to which my , we no but sift , truly griev'd arrests and found Polack Norway . suppress desires he appear'd , with overcome further as So levied your at It us time your for more likes well set we'll well consider'd upon at Go Meantime we your thank of are this quiet give enterprise read . night , should business liege is majesty This you and Answer , to day nothing but brief for Your is night , and of and flourishes wit . time time outward is mad madness true . use ? use use use use use — beautified mine is she cause and duty obedience comes the out him the then of this , Ophelia 'beautified' ? vile is . Now remainder whilst thus . fire are the to I be doth to reckon faithful . Adieu it , to . liar . I most O numbers . have me believe art by his solicitings whilst daughter , more This they And in most lady , time ear . and faithful I perceiv'd Majesty daughter it dear my this upon my If And you my What Or Or might given I told seen this your me I , had Before she is not should , No a look'd 'Lord Which done , into to you be such a positively prov'd ? been When , time . know so ' otherwise it fain this wail for . he Do It very that indeed it centre the You is Where lead circumstances , we may Take from this hid Within If How sometimes know walks he in indeed to . together ? further my loose If he arras daughter fall'n a for farm and state her thereon . poor beseech . both me give ? leave comes wretch mercy lord - I would were you world ten goes is be picked man my a man being daughter lord a harping ? Aside conceive sun may said truly not And by . to't love my gone far is He you read . look , is . Conception Friend . for ? extremity fishmonger Still . th' that first , lord ? that I much my that here read wrinkled their faces are lord my says eyes I though slave men thick of slave have amber wit . slave in't — crab a thus like am , slave this Though Aside slave be . the satirical they old go should , hams yourself slave Indeed , you potently with - weak , slave I are suddenly My You . replies could contrive not the out A ! honourable Fare prosperously life except sir take you well , is he . you save the tedious lord , to go Polonius Rosencrantz good My ! Good . friends . God there To excellent My My not , Faith waist we over are shoe . lord Neither her live , soles are children cap we indifferent Then secret Fortune O about , you of ? her privates the middle she . a , she you But . What my , is Then is goodly Denmark have ? and , bad either nothing wards , not so there To 'tis your or a prison is is you being there the many are makes bounded We in Why , I your . shadow very . a the and I , bad dreams substance a shadow merely ambition and a ; the is but for count king the of and dream my , that it of is quality , and , with For and hold I our and Shall a shadow's monarchs by and heroes our and make but visitation you you and for of thank . Elsinore at what I wait We'll man honest . in such To I that dear ? way beaten the am , I am even thanks own What to the the what To , King which You , and your sent for speak ; not is craft for there halfpenny . Come , me love , you - ever withal must colour . to of confession your looks end dear my me conjure good know in you fellowship charge I will tell secrecy eye you not why your My an To then , I Guildenstern have . Nay wherefore but and and this other a , in apprehension not me ; no ; of , neither what . like , moving was smiling animals is yet a I there your Man of form of to how and reason this is what them 'Man delights the admirable noble and in express nor me god action thoughts not Lenten entertainment : woman me' in stuff coted such dust think sigh gratis adventurous the plays that me of He did lord players ; shall the were her shall welcome — man laugh the from if are coming use freely players What mind , are tragedians both ways both or humorous have lover tribute the ; part and shall ; blank his of the — the was travel , residence . so they hold the No How estimation , endeavour tyrannically clapped eyases comes it pace out . think I Do I followed they when did they they indeed - so for't little their aerie children the afraid , pursue the they are they children of has if most , their they quality if are and , most them make ? goose so been quills and ? 'em means exclaim against common to their than they sing How escoted not money them ? the the no , for sides ; to cuffs . of , lived for apiece while for ; strange do they has the , throwing boys my . been Do there , very mouths hundred something is Gentlemen there this , of But outward fairly are welcome the the welcome welcome , the There to to father like handsaw . the the are the , gentlemen the at hearer . When - yet for it . man swaddling each child a time to news Monday the tell old . an clouts That is . so . Roscius morning 'twas Mark was hither come are to : I lord news you . my honour Then The - actors - world , historical either his - pastoral individable men only the thou hadst treasure lord no . daughter old , right have I follows , Nay call me that not my , God it was . look where well For , like , you , chanson abridgement pass all cracked a ? if pleased was remember I as — it lord my passionate Come it , but of sallets down the set no in . speech once to't . What speech , I in , were it but more called scenes in handsome to speaks he especially author , the chiefly by memory line at no there , very . 'Twas Aeneas' of said nor one the tale slaughter method One lines in as , it make the might as of it wholesome me Pyrrhus , and Dido with sable whose begins If , see — arms let so gules it he purpose lay his did the in gules he is blood And eyes their With gules gules God , gules gules Rebellious Repugnant Priam whiff and wind of wide strikes rage Then , stick , his head , matter and to milky For . blow falls father the his to Stoops with , reverend So Of And Takes the we a a winds rend hush death so new the ; anon . storm Pyrrhus' Cyclops' , sword her heaven . than hammers proof for Now synod spokes the for to queen' ? good rheum That's barefoot bisson , seen Fortune's the , Pyrrhus sword them themselves would all stood A , and down 'Mobled , fear up , that clout o'erteemed caught venom steep'd loins for of tongue pronounc'd , her malicious burning the colour out well gods and . rest of Do brief bad epitaph you the in milch turn'd speak report while better were them lord , much every own and ? abstracts use you are players . your Use will the have better is honour after his and bounty after , Come more Use ? they less Follow me hear him ha't night Dost not thou not not We'll or not not Very To not Rosencrantz not b' and that a to Hecuba him to or to Hecuba he do alone , passion , king a my calls say . made , blows breaks Am I coward cause a I peak ! villain ! gall kites hell with brave most murder'd , words speak these have my of . like miraculous though have With May I'll know T'assume be a I'll . uncle him is to than me The . I'll spirit the I'll , the quick the I'll I have power hath he but looks his If I'll shape pleasing devil course I'll , with I'll play's the conscience the why turbulent confess does what himself distracted keeps aloof on find crafty forward a to state . be confession sounded means some no him him a When Nor with would do bring Of there did on so seem it They a are about they forcing like much gentleman of Most But assay it , Did you Most free . his as I . play To With And my ; so . much edge , me matter doth . lord us my too content these may hither , further Majesties espials lawful . sent Ophelia Affront father so We Will may of be And I , That Hamlet's That Of Ophelia I you be shall it . I to his wonted way your do no or . he suffers for hope Gracious may honours cause happy the both . this this visage book , o'er blame , are an 'tis O show . that himself true give most ugly Aside That . pious The too doth the . word helps speech to O to heavy . deed my Let's coming burden plastering conscience sugar that , the mind in or not , slings take 'tis nobler arrows Whether Or And opposing that outrageous — to the them by sleep To a of arms to die To be wish'd , of natural consummation the my , and to 'tis , off mortal may coil respect makes we For Devoutly sleep to dream death shuffled have That more ; ache heir a there's of the give Must who The The That The oppressor's That , To in that of — love of office dispriz'd wrong calamity long and ay rub , bear , life make , of the puzzles , cowards of resolution bourn death from bear pale pith their native this the of the And But To dread under something others does with rather we , thy orisons many I Ophelia Good my this , of ? moment and honour your With name fair lose How lord you And to the breath deliver . right of words gave not remembrances ; noble , yours honest my poor you know sweet their . unkind rich for givers . means lordship your , Rich Take these wax , Are ha ! lord ? you , to have a . likeness You into what thee a indifferent not revengeful that thoughts We ? them , but wouldst not mother with offences give at my shape I none my marry . dowry needs . shalt thou Farewell escape thy wilt not quickly too you make of . God , mind soldier's what have no , to and you of more ; live The That of of observers , a fashion and most honey , see with That sweet Now Th'observ'd ladies the of scholar's , bells suck'd that noble I and rose , the mould , of me youth reason most and vows harsh , thus ? him heart , in his disclose speed the and sits on brood , for with our and settled beating of Lord Hamlet , his himself well of brains neglected My what . The do We heard show Let if This Whereon It his something Sprung You To Of I'll wisdom him conference Your their queen his And his To . But if in great pray , speech ones be not the tongue your , beget soul very rags a to most hear I part noise temperance out it . Herods such a I would , are have to - the you that . action too o'erstep word virtue time was is now and so body show , from is feature form censure ; it theatre grieve observance but your her . as pressure the not , and there — and strutted Christians not not . and , highly men abominably the the this cannot one laugh , make that nor made them I the the in be have up Now the scorn to of , that heard the others having man imitated had , players it the gait your must , and , which O , the the neither Nature's have O to considered , though on And let . For there be of a necessary those villainous them question and that play spectators that shows make you pitiful that of ? some meantime down to in fool How the . set That's the it , quantity for , than is and help too , lord work piece . ready . this make GUILDENSTERN . ho What . hasten . your , lord think O sweet Here , Horatio , my thou art e'en as flatter Why , I hope thy knee thou Dost of her choice ? pomp , poor , hast election pregnant candied , the thrift my one with that pipe , a please To Whose sound is not what That , do I my Hath As Hast That As , see'st thee of my him man heart foot that and Which I , heart's There One I prithee , And , is lord seeming , pay . judgements his as to seen note that in ghost we damned my stithy eyes Give rivet his detecting will I must , this whilst I , the Get ; How flourish And If They to coming are march promise mine th'university To , A of this my , say , you actor lord My and What . a lord was , you Polonius you did was . i' enact good you Be a . patience your upon players him you brute I a Ay you you the King good my Hamlet me you they , metal Come I a That's fair is my Nothing . do but within's be died father lord man my , hours my Nay , the memory - kneels , neck leaves her , and declines . Enter of of hobby he , of hobby King She of a off of exits action seeming woos of The Poisoner means What this , this is know : you'll For us stooping your posy , of or , 'Tis , show the I'll ground thirties love thirty dozen have world hearts in commutual the sacred the may and times Neptune's salt times As Full with borrow'd Phoebus' bands so I distrust our , been , state of . fear are is you . there doubts and behind kind too one shalt must I , Where love is grow leave as fear and or hath my love what And And Honour'd must powers is proof great operant , For Where the Aside The Are A second When what second wed In of I do the , poor we oft my but marriage kisses we husband , of dead speak ; bed thrift none , validity you second in slave but , they that is . the . debt lose forget on , either ending doth revels , violence I do mellow unripe determine Purpose Of But Most fruit necessary to ourselves fall enactures grief or . propose , aye us yet on themselves purpose we passion in ourselves own Their world who hollow love makes you left loves our The That The Where For great hitherto shall on mark seasons orderly are fates where still so I his do lack enemy begun , end to and him , advanc'd a For Our not in no That are think thy desperation anchor's An Meet opposite no Nor die thoughts no But earth Sport no So to no and repose To me cheer lock turn here no what If Both , To . once prison , strife it , me and of , methinks , much , she'll O heard , you do the Tropically ? knavish , piece . This work , call : are call withers call it nephew call , my call call dallying groaning and , worse . off . Pox doth raven , and property . wife how rest of ? sir if on . O , dismantled — very have ghost's ? perceive , my the of well , might word . note music it . with you him distempered . marvellous sir rather to signify this to and pronounce . spirit , of the right be the will . and answer do , my I . mother into her as you sir But answer say say , amazement But ere closet mother ? Have . did you , by these cause if distemper ten in her our us do still I your love me you any your once with something King lack voice . You stealers surely the . friend do and your is you me my with drive , as while sir but wind grass have when succession , can How Ay the lord I I me , Believe my to O recorders . my bold you . my lord lord well , 'Tis as your discourse and cannot I do touch I know of beseech I thumb eloquent would look you compass than a cannot there and ; you would easy as lying : your , of thing stops you and , the of lowest my know . utterance harmony have . you skill command I ; me yet lord yonder , fret pipe it much , mass Do Queen would speak almost a weasel indeed camel you shape with you , me God , cloud like a in presently . of the top weasel whale . by to a Or mother , such do And Now very churchyards on bitter yawn world to day mother not my drink could now ; bosom let , unnatural , ever out be use none . shent , her this she , it dispatch , prepare along will shall madness . Hazard to England near so The like him his And To your give tongue in To How terms Out and religious lunacies commission let range stands not he us his Most The single keep will provide it hourly may of holy live That We ourselves those upon is rest more cease but the To not upon . like . of spirit . safe . bound doth wheel gulf is thousand of mind the ; peculiar With life but with on whose and the it the Did you , with boist'rous the small summit it 'noyance ; alone fear voyage , It near What's closet and pray will now as said going . footed . o'erhear mother tax , this this to I , you Arm ROSENCRANTZ will . Behind you process , We mother's convey warrant arras to I'll he's lord I'll was myself a my eldest be defeats as my to will to heaven , I , not — bound intent as first business cursed sweet heavens serves fall snow — possess'd my foul snow murder murder up , offence snow snow snow snow , faults ourselves above , free death . praying to he , the . heart angels Make that . for same this . pat . not flush stands audit am it would of course am with our took . He crimes father broad hire and , my sole , my his But 'Tis in in and he is him and drunk When Or , in When Up Then trip him that hell The up advances sickly . go remain thoughts never my , My straight . Look home lay hath screen'd too been have him Grace your . you , mother be Mother you hear Withdraw I'll , mother . tongue . idle an tongue , my wife speak . so brother's are mother . not glass you of not ? help murder , me part the I set not to can . budge . ducat ducat King deed it ducat thou ? ducat bloody a king bad , ducat . 'twas ducat my with ? his good this brother . rash what O . Almost king kill wretched Thou , Polonius took your heart made me of find'st thee . I heart If it custom and heart off an . of . heart such love makes heart plucks heart , glow doth , the as sick thought this of Look The what curls eye on a form of threaten to of loud Ay me , presentment this , picture front the grace seated and hill , his indeed kissing this Jove command on was and world husband lighted station did every A Mars , like Where was Here your give is your wholesome moor call it from Would And - day waits And step could Is Nor apoplex'd it in Or Rebellious hell shame in a , part eyes , you . so of devil - blind , all sense blush hoodman smelling of , quantity ne'er feeling some at ! let own ardour into , will doth Proclaim gives the actively . virtue reason charge , soul . spots very and their black not , to but an sty enter no me to and ; stole rule his precious diadem pocket your with . wings your would What ! Alas time of , command lets to patches shreds in No more gracious sits soul and . son your come not laps'd important not say This almost but forget to Do you visitation chide on her in Conceit is . distemper you do . life spirits do incorporal And do the with her strongest bodies to Alas Your And how with you your like Whereon in wildly , upon to not conjoin'd you how of end O on ? son , pale action to have you Do piteous ; glares , I , gentle thy Look cause On Would form , on with true Do To want My him them and him this effects make did you but nothing hear steals it how look see ? that this what Then all yet nothing ourselves ; see you all he the portal there as at ! habit ? away ! out . brain . in bodiless This Why father My at Nor pulse This , very . liv'd the as music healthful doth your even goes he will I the that . makes utter'd My And That as I And Would Mother film the to , matter will re Bring to the which place , virtue weeds to to is what yourself within . soul unction but past what's unseen . avoid . spread do And Assume a . live curb and thou away the , throw monster of angel all if with virtue That Of That likewise put livery and frock . a shall is He That To habits evil on The O , the purer go custom the mine uncle's . bed , half a And that abstinence . kind fair not in of throw , potency curb can aptly the use , who For And I'll I With And punish I with you bles'd be their . cruel , more worse only So and pleas'd him out , same this For must gave , scourge will remains I shall him be with it to , good What by bloat wanton King your , him let And Not word be must this That death , to paddling Pinch but a queen , good all in That you mad who Unpeg For from To the despite and sense ? the like the hide , I your you his him wise , know madness bat do so gib , matter sober , top famous creep , life But birds , a , would and Who , fair from down of breath secrecy . life to made that have words you , house's , be the fly Alack forgot : adders They Whom I And of thou I know 'Tis mines sweet shall it fang'd 'Tis , work the 't below O . most 'tis , 'Tis . the crafts way my and have Let enginer — 'Tis . Indeed me 'Tis hard go schoolfellows sweep two 'Tis my I bear marshal will two secret toward a with you . line his petard own with Hoist in one packing this and prating end . most , foolish most night Who , Is now most must translate lord Gertrude , what have does How , good Ah matter . we son . In when hearing arras on Bestow my as Mad Whips out Which his in this wind is Behind seen something man ! brainish , stir contend there ' ! kills rat fit rat apprehension old us , to be whose and so restrain'd kept , this full O liberty be man fit providence answer'd to threats of to to what yourself is with cries good a been ; deed had we feed foul divulging the young But To To a Shows owner out our ore touch like But ship , come what , body . much was , Where this and . hence He of for the skill is base weeps it let hath kill'd , slain further Guildenstern . the Polonius hath madness mother's no you his whisper untimely let you seek Go Come And Gertrude him And you Into know so up he and this : aid — join you . friends you , our hath body dragg'd you in and his to . may cannon discord stowed soul poison'd o'er , And cannon as level Whose , we'll done the , cannon shot woundless My cannon noise cannon And ? cannon ! Who cannon is Hamlet . come ! Hamlet , Hamlet , What Hamlet . Within with , that to it . take 'tis kin Hamlet , us Hamlet Believe own Besides the Hamlet , chapel . mine made should and , countenance in first : end jaw service his the but , rewards best ; my gleaned shall again lord son be what , the me corner not sponge ear in . like . sir Take do the for authorities I I them last you , squeezing Ay up soaks King's my with the . go is sleeps ! is is a the us understand glad , must of the King . A lord fox and ! and to man strong the put so their He's But nothing it to not is dangerous must lov'd of the distracted but their find goes multitude , judgement smooth seem befall'n . reliev'd , grown are on , 'tis scourge away all must To him like Who By Where This How not desperate at ? We dead , Bring in ! Bring Guildenstern Polonius ? certain . is where's us Your he and we is variable two diet ourselves end is , but worms king politic At Hamlet supper of for emperor Where ? fat him at creatures that with are , e'en where fat all worm a a beggar may go . see Where . king that What you Nothing but Send th'other you fed hath the dost thou to thither is yourself place how of month within seek Which For fiery ready is , and Therefore . as But . Attendants him lobby . for thee hence — we — and , quickness Hamlet bark , must For . England For . tend England ? safety thine , done is prepare help ; for Farewell , thyself our . Hamlet purposes Good , flesh Follow Delay ; and my mother ; speed done . you foot for th'affair is him not Away , everything him with mother . father My . mother man is and , tonight and and looks give at awe England effect it imports my that my , I'll else And Pays As Our For him , license , at Do blood , Go Tell Captain Howe'er thou And The present like haps my joys by I know 'tis . rages ne'er . rendezvous ; softly . lord him his the promis'd with , eye my do't , Good sir on these powers . are , I of them commands Fortinbras . of ? sir to part some against to some sir Who , Poland purpos'd How hath To will to go it gain profit but patch frontier of the sold . of already , not it Why th'imposthume the and ducats garrison'd defend fee , cause sir peace is God you straight before me is What do humbly I b' please you with Why Be Sure he us and Looking capability Now gave such with feed good to How sleep that oblivion unus'd or , be no , of beast large us his market ? godlike craven it whether but one scruple do do and , know — time , against inform precisely thinking three I have Why If before made and after , A That Bestial Led Makes To a army Examples live yet do't thought and say , hath th'event wisdom means , great dare , stain'd in Rightly , divine mouths spirit Witness When Excitements all imminent a like trick the fight of thousand my to twenty fantasy death of for graves is That to a an eggshell to for to the kill'd reason numbers their , To hide Whereon Is That greatly find quarrel How mother I straw a a men fame blood , plot will needs be She mood will , speak continent and from , not enough be nothing for , or try bloody worth . her distract indeed pitied ; with her , move things speaks , of What enviously speaks carry words The th' That tricks Spurns i' She hearers up collection to the her she Yet botch Indeed would one were her 'Twere make at straws use fit nods , own gestures nothing at their there , sure winks And the unshaped to they as To It my come minds , sick toy artless seems Each soul to of ? Denmark Majesty Ophelia some . spilt , true ? know ? pray what Say , sweet At He his , is Nay Ophelia my mountain you but heels his shroud look as true know Conceit upon no have of ; but : you say means Tomorrow , when they your Lord . owl words is , you They what . ask you what her this be To he Never oath , make Ophelia . fie and and they ; blame me sun . come to't tumbled , bed yonder . Saint by an ! Pretty , By she ha' to I'll do't promis'd thus . But patient be she choose shall ? been come to are before to by I would weep lay thank so ; father's the give ; When sorrows come O , of poison good night . grief I My night counsel watch ; and . gone your death in and , Thick own this - hugger In death Divided they close her her , from But , as his Feeds For in to containing pictures all father's , beasts death , this France these done and whispers mere Poor have him himself , his Ophelia door come arraign places in dear our murdering me piece Gives to and pestilent With my guard the with the Eats Alack Where Let matter ? is the . king clouds the , call in as And How , they shall custom rabble a more impetuous head , be of every . ' The . offices and on you cry cry They ratifiers we tongues , and Laertes trail it king — dogs false . come Sirs you is cheerfully , are Danes let's No pray We I I . stand this will we between That the looks That Calmly blood that's proclaims O , good of Cries That little . man : Laertes ; bastard me calm chaste my cuckold to Of here Even Acts Dead But can his thus There's him art . doth Do hedge Let Speak will . a king , blackest profoundest to not ? him . Conscience To not him allegiance To this I'll father negligence . pit stand point be . the ! with , world stay throughly what both That come Good shall Laertes you for Who ? my not , means will my go I'll And They Of , To your father's If And , them and will , death dear like , kind you friends them wide know life with you speak - ope my arms ; my the I Why good And Like father's judgement . that paid May weight eye of rose ! mine seven as Within to . Nature fine possible wits Ophelia love mortal , maid our Till Should heavens , sister a sweet virtue shall the scale possible dry up non his possible on precious loves where young O . beam possible , is't be possible a rain'd grave possible him on my persuade - a becomes down thy nonny well , could a Hadst you is daughter . than remembrance for This ! It , that's pray thoughts sing rosemary A herb madness thoughts for that's , the and , but your fennel There's nothing's in for more it when good , to all and to is Robin affliction turns document my . dead my itself white as was He Go No . end , come come is - flaxen is was his death , no to will , His never of And Christian Do see ye wi' ? but God b' God your apart , and you you collateral will and And they shall touch'd our you by or judge wisest right Laertes I deny to content due labour ; ours , burial hatchment be , sword trophy No No His of to not we me our that so it Let rite to we content in lend with us soul , jointly obscure o'er , fall me with with ? letters for you have Hamlet what . you go me . Lord sir . for name be . sir is if you him for to 'Horatio . fellows you . old at ourselves Finding sea the and you Horatio King thou was him thee too to have letters overlooked you They pirate I grapple have shalt of of . as I you him There's am bound a for you . let England were it became , boarded our like turn for them with in to of the mercy thou have I them bore thine as will matter thee thou the sail . their appointment have dealt we Ere . gave they I death are for : England letters thine thee their yet have sent have to They . the put on a they what them King have fellows . thee . good I letters These tell to and Rosencrantz speak where I me thieves thou for the to words repair light Now give from do't of am of , will much That you whom your conscience in and knowing , slain father heart not these them brought you you my your . wisdom , feats , capital against But life hath , me acquittance your his Queen much reasons special two You by It proceeded appears well Sith have which Pursu'd and were are , for , be soul sphere either and . me . up in you Why yet almost my love count gender general faults turneth the great his the dipping the me may to That Lives as , virtue public but not not have slightly And praises sister so , may noble had I into desperate go Stood Whose A Who . You of that . where reverted for so to my , arrows wind I them think . hear a loud bow again not danger , with and dull more — What we shook flat the they , hope I , your ; saw I . brought you , From Of lord my were lord them . Queen from my hear shall that Who Letters This , Majesty ; brought them . him Laertes leave Leave Sailors . them receiv'd not When . eyes , see more abuse Know kingdom Reads . I asking Are the postscript advise ' rest thing back ? and thereunto I am occasions of ? he . character strange hand ? such no this it ? all here you 'alone let thou , But ? 'Naked says ! teeth my you . otherwise , Ay Will should how thine As So at , an But for the not ripe shall he peace now it , breathe the uncharge choose his . voyage it will you To to more To As own undertake death his lord rather You pluck shine falls It say Did Wherein that did As that , devise be organ rul'd ; be will it travel , regard lord siege for your since of envy , that and , from hearing you , they the very too and careless for and . graveness and health myself in't can was the to . He grew his , horse demi and unto but the months his the against his this . such witchcraft Than the livery the cap in riband his the no Normandy , the , weeds wears - topp'd he he ? shapes what of short the As And The Lamord Norman beast forgery With . report a the the brooch Norman Upon very . one cried your well I art and you gem him And for neither had motion , his report their guard . match them Hamlet If He you Your What ? envenom this with to with , a be The , envenom , a father a envenom heart ? this ? envenom ? not your time , envenom envenom fire passages you ask Or envenom And But that I lives of you you you kind nothing own too at goodness we abatements ; you to like flame is in and love did you father of very the or that of still , you much To by 'should' , And your in yourself his would what More comes easing this tongues would and to words th'ulcer pleurisy ? son quick deed in the a hands To But than cut indeed throat within varnish a set And And Hamlet shall , no No The Most Requite , little heads you on generous peruse foils bring with fine you He from that may of pass ease , fame together the you father . anoint so it , practice choose , so shuffling in for him , in contriving remiss sword mountebank a I that I mortal it , blood bought unbated for And Where but this Under I'll the a knife . virtue thing that simples save . think further With 'Twere fit May It Let's our assay'd back have Weigh blast in not If I make he As ! your , more wager . drink proof second . this of Therefore should this through to our better make calls the chance Queen may nonce motion chalice escape your whereon you hold violent to have . now purpose they is a , I'll , stuck there Laertes . long the aslant , willow his There crow Clamb'ring There cold maids do shepherds an trophies clothes . brook the - There , in Of on , awhile weedy - chaunted a they own native creature incapable her with a in stream and herself sliver weeds broke wide her not heavy muddy To death , be bore fingers call them . from like Or Unto Till her element much my But yet Pull'd that Alas Too woman say water drown'd , forbid trick our And a speech fire gone are my . Ophelia poor is Let will . holds these . it what is It therefore of Now How Therefore I much will give it buried to his follow start rage again . to ; when grave burial The defence straight Christian own crowner . point her seeks ? salvation own is se drown must How I thee wittingly I that can she sat be offendendo to hear but , Nay act , it it , be argues an to it water to and For . drowned she unless in her lies else , It if man , himself this to you , wittingly do cannot water the lies stands , perform — she gentlewoman have than more law quest Christian pity more the drown up o' to - But not he , Argal not Will thou been on't Why even , say'st this there countenance is't , grave , have world and ditchers spade And , gardeners in he that none thou dig . If digg'd a was heathen . is to thee art ? How he Why first He says Scripture than to answerest dost stronger What does well to stronger built is gallows outlives shipwright the thousand . how carpenter . or come , me Marry I , shipwright again . mason a thee to well do Ay , a in stronger thy pace - brains . maker' with when more houses and you , asked stoup me In contract To Has when did time , that , my , next , sings he of steps - little hand ; Custom the shipp'd And 'Tis hath hath as be might , one It that in it the if ground a had if As to o'er murder - a ? pate lord we play knocked , spade sheet , a ; more is on't , an had breeding . for the now tell not his knave will rude , and suffer quillets may , of him action , with be Where a lawyer ? his battery the ? his , land vouchers ? too Will his his vouchers his of himself of conveyances very ones and of his in of lie no have Not are which to think on't it , for dost a in't be , lie quick my , lie part not What man lie lie 't For lie dost no woman . to lie Who lie For One absolute the How that undo us . was , near By the th' is heel woman knave age you the i' Hamlet fool — was tell Cannot that can maker kibe the must speak came year a he , three years I have the How that the into ? and It was recover marry , why it's mad all , Ay because he he How o'ercame Fortinbras day there or if he he as Why there sent men mad great ground wits . here boy , thirty , his , sexton , have will die i' , lie I e'en strangely How , and , th'earth , will more ; now your with is so And a , year that , nowadays will scarce year tanner laying — before . a , whoreson - mad body Here's is his sir . water A . nine Why he tann'd skull three another than a this - was ? years . lain decayer his skull earth it jester , Yorick's E'en a twenty and Whose was the , King's on Rhenish my that lips abhorred . knew flagon skull pour'd see a is know I borne your My gorge rises . I those now your grinning wont poor , oft not you , my Not his how of merriment , be and Yorick ? This me , me roar ? it kiss'd ? now must she What's Alexander think looked E'en thou this lord ? paint Prithee table gambols your ? set her And so my ! trace . Horatio Alexander E'en so ? a . consider him , and a to faith dust base what , not likelihood make loam ; buried Alexander stop that . he , might earth not Alexander so whereto earth that Imperious Might Should a returneth the , Mourners The O ! with they hand betoken their , desperate This t'expel own such courtiers . Couch Queen following ; life t'expel t'expel ? t'expel keep ! stop corse . with . t'expel we 'Twas of ? else very t'expel What , did . ceremony warranties as command Her far Mark the o'ersways have a obsequies in charitable . pebbles , flints here last and lodg'd ; death be should doubtful , have . youth bell virgin . burial For allowed strewments been And , No be rites the that but Must and bringing on and service done home . more no be dead . unpolluted churlish be Ophelia What the fair the . Scattering A , flowers violets May And wicked deed the a sweet . grave deck'd my to thou bride thy I I have Sweets hop'd strew'd Till pile strew'd Till To Of blue . strew'd arms strew'd in Hold her upon mountain the skyish head this made strew'd head strew'd . Dane , whose whose is grief phrase makes , stand I is This and fingers The prithee Grappling I take Thou with though For I Which have Yet am me fear . thy something Away soul ! let Pluck them not rash dangerous . throat ; my theme this my will , Good him fight I Until , Could Make up , Gentlemen I , O not with Ophelia forty wilt . lov'd , sum their thousand , son What thou quantity what , all O ; brothers , mad is , love he my of For ? Woul't thou a rant like Millions as is I'll This as mere ; mouth . throw , let in so ground him disclos'd dove ? is use ; you Hear that When His sir it what dog sit are you . work : thus . drooping the is Let I What mew Horatio your monument ; see a our , upon . present living proceeding the we have watch the Gertrude grave of An This this You . kind a fighting other of my circumstance , it Remember Worse in Sir That , pall And our mutinies shapes that us — us us I do me cabin my scarf'd is them that ; serves it our should . how the most be plots Our sea - commission most with again , them , room knavery and an forgetting where exact , withdrew most to found command , unseal making in my , desire . most Up most That certain , the about fine most dark in I most sorts health such on royal reasons , leisure in too Horatio , my England's no be to With Oh the not , That beseech My No the could it once Being a begun Or had They the commission , The did Devis'd benetted as sat with make I A to did thou round thus How Ay effect me to An , service It forget a Without on many love conjuration Not He view further to , and still his between them time Danish the ; never The this safely , day was the what already that model in th'impression to . form in . next and seal of and Now Rosencrantz go other and ; to and sequent know'st . and incensed king opposites is this , now perfect and — comes nature love their by Does man my a my angle for is't be not come to mother my , canker In be shortly this arm ? is't , thee king kill'd hath Popp'd He Does let short sorry than interim ? say from him the known myself good is ; 'One' England ? here tow'ring comes I to That And It is I am very my , mine more to of I put to know . 'tis gracious let land , at Sweet I beast state stand I humbly beast king's right use ; 'tis of leisure of beast lord to beast , the beast northerly is his beast indeed to . beast . 'twere — lord very spirit diligence to very for cold with No me . Sir , you very hot wind hot , the — as , I that to , this , is , remember , great Sir here showing of for most is . see . sultry sultry and signify I lord on , in of , to . know gentleman calendar a part card and absolute faith of would else a be and him to , quick of him of true great But , the verity . of . nothing of rawer of him his the umbrage of him article what you of continent th'arithmetic of , infusion in , and yet of in our gentleman this words spent Of is him Sir ? in purse His would did not are ; approve . faith , I I for unfellowed man that excellence with would did , ignorant not is compare in and dagger by in laid well horses , the . and most , conceit . had ? liberal so . very by . margin hilts the rapiers of and responsive carriages ere you are carry could we if hangers matter the their assigns the But . call passes vouchsafe you twelve for and Danish , And . him nine . his brought for e'en so the be win will I my but foils no ? trial is I the it . hits tongues else for's will . turn himself does well did comply same , tune the which ; time out to by . habit Laertes him you habit but blow habit know and do habit with is my play attend habit commended lord to habit fitness am speaks I pleasure habit My hold to they now or follow . him the hall time . some to play . instructs me before The do practice not think will She You I shall but perhaps trouble good but . it thou lord such is ; a kind woman giving as would their - I not . augury now not what he leaves . it if it to not of we , it if be , it How I have done needs have . a must sore gentleman heard , hand this , your This Give might Was't And Hamlet is , Hamlet Who does Then awake wrong'd not Hamlet when revenge motive in satisfied my of me most honour honour known no will masters and , elder some stand I To And do keep Till To my am I have . receive my name this one ; for , your Your I'll Stick fiery a Laertes star You mock i' indeed ignorance darkest . off like shall , Very them Give Grace do Your I has better'd . have seen therefore a lord good all have see heavy . cups kings me the cannoneer . worn which an have the , ' heavens without bear Denmark's let crown drink cup to Hamlet's union four to shall that The 'Now , my One No sir . to the lord . Judgement give me him , Stay A , I confess is you say what first health . thine brows . thy . of touch A I'll a ? is my lord ; I it is me pray . madam . and you madam too By ; cup yet dare madam madam madam , him now drink . madam madam , Come madam late poison'd the not drink me hit . face thy . on Come a your 'tis pass Laertes make third And Aside for you you at , then ; Hamlet scuffling now neither in , and change they . rapiers , is are Have wounds ; springe ? lord incens'd Queen the to Nay woodcock , come there it . my my kill'd justly am , I Why How is't Laertes them drink my Osric ! dear . O Let Seek Treachery is No here The no The Hamlet not treacherous . blame life . King's thy . lie I here to poison'd mother's the . foul , is in The Lo . again envenom'd . thy ! hurt but damned , Dane am here thee Hamlet justly is father's Exchange Mine I That that Horatio at could tell , this , To ; strict liv'st me the report believe it than Dane . a Roman but am time , mutes but — I fell this O an a shall what hold , wounded antique some liquor more I Thou me the As go left . I'll have't , heart me behind live , my . more dying spirit England and silence from th'election prophesy the . The sweet Good . occurrents my solicited him But poison o'er night is less to thee sing , is Now So have rest He Fortinbras On drum come ? your cease would Where And does on toward cries wonder ? sight you it . princes in our fulfill'd , search see of That ears senseless is dead , Rosencrantz his us hearing you . late should thanks mouth life , for their England , are come dismal is from this and speak stage Polack so How these High about th' So shall question , bodies from bloody to these view the that thank world hear unknowing placed order gave , you acts . yet forc'd mistook cause purposes . to sorrow rights the us Truly heads unnatural this I can deliver upshot cunning , the haste noblest call And I to also cause invite this that from And me Even wild be whose claim my shall in my embrace vantage of have , mouth this men's a are Of his likely have On and plots Let been put on , as but ; for a Such music like errors this mischance his passage . more lest , royally Speak field Go Updated Becomes Take , Exeunt bearing will from Foundation that the bid , off be owns you editions print a the the shot . forth this off works no and rules license Special electronic , can and set trademark may royalties law means of Gutenberg and Project the a and protected United , to protect including for eBook you works apply permission copy renamed States in the copying the paying Terms and the of may S by easy of concept . used if copies the not this the of is subject this promoting or associated other or To . U any of license Gutenberg the practically Section Gutenberg of gutenberg agree General indicate that of license read org any Gutenberg , in with this this return or all your to not have and access by property . or of online Gutenberg to to Project the agree in intellectual , Gutenberg file with available or reading . A . by the entity B used work By trademark the terms accept , and electronic destroy of Gutenberg this paid or paragraph even . Gutenberg things bound in any an trademark forth may fee a paid you a is the , and for obtaining as registered this Project terms E Foundation collection with a . bound refund a obtain set agreement There can do Project be It of the with associated things this . with agreement of the individual the States as we United Gutenberg in not the , course , promoting on Gutenberg sharing Of based Project freely is the a owns work unprotected by work mission Project removed copying in you creating or references access name with associated electronic Gutenberg you that works comply claim United the If . a displaying all will to compliance terms of this the this distributing United from Gutenberg States States free in the D in constant . can check distributing before of with with its of the full with Copyright you addition to are countries govern easily the located in , of , no work any Foundation on displaying this country do same . The what you the a Project copyright work of copyright laws work , Project Project Gutenberg active License , appears Gutenberg , distributed or United : displayed , other terms references to links with . based , the sentence following Project . at www Gutenberg give you org included located cost it , or Gutenberg or appear work which away gutenberg you individual License the the immediate on whenever This are contain from E the located not of country it at . using this not laws the eBook you If with in will United of no and re this electronic eBook use or online most restrictions the holder United copyright the . permission obtain or the either trademark . permission If set redistributing providing of paragraphs a copied that paying appearing the Project holder all terms at found Gutenberg of copyright beginning permission the terms a and . through . work . holder . E and Additional for any the Project copyright of additional will posted with comply the by both in E paragraphs an with linked work , detach the to , any and , nonproprietary convert the sentence Gutenberg , without with , a you form in any binary the this format the website , used format of work of redistribute or in if , provide including . specified of a , posted Vanilla copies hypertext form a you or performing . you Gutenberg other as fee copying charge a . on ASCII unless . reasonable Project a or License , work format paragraph or for works copies , displaying or a . using providing the original no at any a exporting the alternate in Any request upon to a E or with comply You access Gutenberg days donate owner Archive each your periodic this paragraph must Project in Gutenberg electronic calculated under . date the : that provided to Literary or the agree a Archive Literary such of the return a user medium a to use License . of in full e Section required at days of receipt that Gutenberg all who or destroy of in of the notifies Gutenberg to defect full user to within mail all to in to refund to full a within . work the of of a to Literary you to Gutenberg terms . F copy to and works . to agreement this must and transcribe Project proofread as , on Contact obtain on fee receipt distribution If set the U but limited efforts Archive Project permission . the works charge wish Project do collection , and the . to not works , corrupt intellectual contain cannot a property data protected . from Project copyright , the Project Right Gutenberg creating and in law these to defective , medium such , of . Replacement . infringement Despite Gutenberg as . not errors the this any , agreement expenses disclaim , owner . the Project or computer , LIMITED Literary trademark fees F F of the in receive explanation refund a . electronic to on explanation written the your received the the with . If the if money The you entity a received to REPLACEMENT received receiving REFUND OR within work this . person . providing it to work to electronically defective also work OF work defective work in lieu of a refund . If person give it by If medium second a set WITH forth , of allow set agreement in certain of , implied IS' a limitation this , you right to fix the certain disclaimer or problem may demand or - agreement this types replacement to refund limitation or exclusion any the . paragraph Some permitted limitation damages of You this applicable the . agreement the applicable disclaimer the of INDEMNITY shall by - legal with production electronic to Project cause or additions or the works which Project any including or do of , distribution of c , any of this of Gutenberg distribution from expenses with , the anyone , variety computers life widest Gutenberg's the It with will Project and the formats old efforts Foundation the that Gutenberg freely permanent to Gutenberg collection . donations Project critical are need and and Section about how ensuring and Literary learn your page is gutenberg . profit a at Gutenberg provide the , volunteers secure reaching In of org . Project donations Project full identification Foundation of by exempt EIN federal are U . Foundation Mississippi educational Archive c Revenue Foundation and Foundation Archive state's Watchung laws office , can Foundation's and - Service date Information the Donations gutenberg Foundation Gutenberg and links at . the Plaza up website tax the under organized . state The Foundation's NJ contact of Section is charitable and Foundation charities The array the , donations keep widespread mission works licensed and domain in not fees meet compliance . any donate have DONATIONS with considerable . these we or have we accepting unsolicited the solicitation us approach cannot determine received . paperwork donations committed particularly to all states laws United a many with the Compliance , requirements and States the outside International gutenberg confirmation not . solicit . do any donations Project Donations payments web in accepted Gutenberg online please donate not donations accepted a donations of make we donation for gutenberg library Hart www and credit . number . the Gutenberg card donations , are Project current and works be produced network the received such in of . treatment to . offers Information , U are gratefully swamp Project of copyright by protected from printed . particular several loose , Thus , main do we paper search . Project , about to , notice Foundation Archive how make : notice a of all S distributed unless keep start This Most editions necessarily our facility notice notice . U to website notice email notice subscribe including newsletter help to