, good bid bitter . ho ? ground the night to Friends I think . my , Barnardo , Holla ! you Give has Barnardo , place honest , farewell . hath reliev'd night Horatio him of A . Horatio this dreaded Therefore if watch this He With us let has Horatio will not may Tush again eyes not appear story , seen have of all , from beating then we of , night that's that one , again . dead . Horatio . to with Mark me like would spoke it it to ; and . time warlike form pale look answer will speak ! and . offended is See gone away . stalks thee You ! this What more charge I speak believe avouch might and I mine smote He So When Such he the frown'd With , hath our . opinion Thus In But gone at jump he stalk particular some , tell and and gross strange bodes the Good What foreign toils Why So Who is't whisper now by a ; by ratified Fortinbras by his with Well forfeit , seiz'd of , who stood the by To Which slay Did Did Was of King ; a of by the inheritance Fortinbras the design'd full no there , Fortinbras , same , enterprise is it , young here , hot and resolutes our by appear well recover doth a it I may it be think it through trouble mightiest sheeted dead streets of , Rome fell the figure eye . star dews ; events fates on eclipse , voice again , illusion ! me , country's life thy in avoid and spirits Stay in ! walk womb of foreknowing speak uphoarded , Marcellus my speak ? speak speak speak stand here speak ! gone will . morn throat , at earth spirit sounding the heard air truth the made of crowing of probation singeth 'gainst ever birth is all spirit no to is in russet mantle believe part power the ; charm no it , hill in gracious so wholesome , hath celebrated , time by have we , yon of and morn the , o'er But Walks Break As we Let's Unto spirit Do you needful , in our loves pray do't find Where Laertes Cornelius so That sometime as , we Th'imperial our Have Taken With state to be by our a follows this affair Holding thinking dream out thanks gone herein all which freely . marriage dole we young , barr'd , hears , Fortinbras have for , law message with Colleagued He To much Now most father business valiant , with So time , rid , to all , old the , duty show our will VOLTEMAND and let . allow further , articles nothing , commend than dilated your doubt , You of be offer What some , reason my voice cannot us And not You now That The head Laertes things CORNELIUS the . heart beg thou not to native more throne of suit what's and all , to What . heartily And , speak thou your lose Yet I confess favour my , I to Laertes , the Denmark Denmark coronation leave toward and gracious must show To now my duty them your ? from at my hard him seal'd bend leave last . wrung I you hour bend thy hath my laboursome petition , at bend lord , bend do Upon By Have you thy bend time give thy best his father's ; bend will I , But Take Good so is , thine Do for noble father cast look for know'st my And , Aside Seek eye ever nature that in friend . lids lives the vailed dust to , die common all , common 'tis Passing , Nor Nor Together I are But For That These but trappings and sweet can give father In must these To But That In do obstinate . father and for duties to your some course a unmanly his obligation But lost condolement most , simple be and mind to impatient vulgar in , a 'tis thing peevish opposition fault a as to to nature theme still common hath who , and till be the From to we ' woe unprevailing so , absurd the An know must we the most ? Fie fathers dead pray intent note , remain : Wittenberg love throne you the for , let immediate are a And impart most retrograde obey prayers her with shall 'tis loving all in the we Let stay cousin thy and to in Denmark to Hamlet . us mother a heart health the that , Come Denmark to rouse and His O this too too had , this unprofitable O , dew . that speaking earthly And Thaw on't Oh all stale - me to merely . the Fie it weary 'gainst canon By me Let O ! which month , Frailty and if little fed on on't it As her Hyperion what remember might not he That Visit Must she of , those , she increase tears , father's must . myself my sheets . tongue , month of salt flushing most dexterity . to lordship : you very But what glad I to in that say my Wittenberg from lord , Wittenberg from that with , make would am see Nor not it . yourself To shall hear know drink came , affair mock was it But make of fellow my you ere it , lord my think prithee teach what I you is your deep funeral follow'd depart tables father's . meats heaven in bak'd . Horatio hard - see to I Indeed Thrift . upon to , father — met furnish Did Would , coldly I ever He , In ; eye mind's my saw I was once . him . while father your gentlemen on the This witness , for may . watch night father march , pie he your thrice - distill'd This him , surprised they eyes to of did their the figure middle - and like with cap : them by jelly secrecy impart , fear the in ? we truncheon's By Form speak not to , address did ; crew as head none and like then to lifted made up It My But even And But answer Did it our strange not I . think , in , live we , you it And the , it motion As I do , 'Tis sirs know watch ? me but my Arm'd Both say MARCELLUS We , you to face wore sorrow . his he look'd lord Then he O yes my , in What frowningly ? red . it a Stay'd fix'd , moderate would upon you eyes his Most constantly had I there haste very like and , MARCELLUS with one Very I seen sable I was , beard . Longer longer no it 'twill was grizzled have . honour . loves tonight tongue twelve your visit So , and shall conceal'd hell , it assume I my whatsoever an 'twixt the platform I'll loves . My father's . to , farewell : you , duty will else hap , ye fare . you . deeds men's eyes ! were mine , all sit some in rise favour , benefit not ? his you the and blood . give you that waxes , you is but ; will is for as will unvalu'd , his no not himself himself for He Carve he It the head wisdom his saying in he the give your fits the therefore and Then As weigh your keep And Fear lose what main Out it Youth to then oft Too itself best and maid shot in Ophelia canker she the The As wary And before beauty infants imminent , desire enough dew calumnious the spring the itself in shall watchman Do me Whilst not to th'effect steep dalliance pastors of rede treads to reckless own . and puff'd primrose like as my Contagious Himself O my safety are blastments , way ungracious . here a upon . fear second a not blessing double Occasion aboard for in the shoulder my in . Yet , of thy thoughts thy character wind no with dull hoops Beware but palm steel in no his ; tried vulgar act tongue , sail . judgement thy gaudy few beware but but ear a that entrance Grapple not thy in as censure man not soul and , any them Those thou fancy oft of and nor thy unfledg'd thy - the borrower generous best hatch'd to the rank ; comrade thee . being of edge loses a most of . thee must oft they a to follow : then : both thine as I leave this , servants tend . my . true that in lender false to self and be : itself my it Farewell Thou above borrowing dulls , And all be any own not do The Farewell humbly your . lord . he said to Lord late bounteous yourself tell you you and on . me , a circumstance , lord my , call . them should I yourself yourself of the tender me me importun'd fashion poor true you tenders , tenders for ; may call hath you'll — thus it it it holy . blazes the in how it , prodigal do , go to lord of it it my vows , burns than , for as it . maiden at entreatments him . their of which in to of parley Set must light vows promise . For for investments suits : are Ophelia walk brokers , Lord moment with ; your very it shrewdly an air ? eager . near ; draws ; wont and and doth King The And spirit , it ; Keeps wassail Wherein The it I am custom a And marry and triumph manner Ay of draughts . bray ; Rhenish of swaggering drains What The as his trumpet tonight thus out , them , in are , birth down breaking Oft chances of they his some the their nature their Or in That addition west o'erleavens , wherein wherein wherein From Shall the fault man or the manners , that ; the in that wherein The form Carrying wherein Since I some and of stamp censure . wherein noble it own his my defend ! us ! from health of or , lord all grace heaven wicked ministers or , death answer sepulchre ; quietly hearsed . in , marble jaws , in cerements ponderous ! his thee burst canoniz'd again in complete mean may this of ; but call O saw bones their , to not thy Let Why burst To That night Hath Have cast op'd why the , I'll questionable thee , tell , nature , fools the our and shake What , souls should disposition we to the up What and our steel It do you waves As beckons if It To alone . removed more action no . it , a the . follow . lord will . it with means I it lord follow itself flood to ; that ? cliff form of horrible of sovereignty ? of it , Think the my brain . reason desperation madness of other sea sea . go , It And Without motive hears not shall out Hold makes as call'd By As am I . Unhand Nemean each fate petty lion's this artery the you go . him . with — make I'll , Still I away heaven ! say Let's Nay this of state Denmark further . him no let's follow I'll Speak go flames serious , me but lend up and almost I My render poor Speak So am for And Doom'd the father's revenge term fast done crimes away to to in But that I in my house , forbid nature of secrets the could foul a confin'd up a eyes whose . thy freeze like young blood , fires the the locks combined ; dear , list blood thy thou ears thy spheres ; it ! Murder flesh eternal ever most his , Haste to me the I or as that foul know't this As meditation to , thou than the ; of as swift is unnatural best , the . thee so the of thou forged sleeping Now , Hamlet , life youth wharf , father's ear whole process did his , on , fat orchard , in ease sting crown soul my that a stung Is abus'd serpent wears adulterate traitorous that Mine and , with , power gifts , there seeming a The will ! gifts , Ay a the scent on whose , a celestial morning my within poor radiant itself me secure of the , my in uncle thy porches of whose courses effect , hour in garbage Sleeping I orchard mine So blood like with And Most and lazar a - thin That in natural a gates as The I And like wholesome vigour sudden , swift tetter droppings of it distilment with quicksilver eager it and enmity blood the man body posset milk into of ; through doth loathsome . it did Of Thus and brother's once hand , luxury couch for thy Let hast my O thou Adieu adieu glow , And The you all O of O earth ! What . me his near ! be . adieu . her , matin Fare in her let ; that the aught her bosom well shows sting thee ! Remember fire worm host ? O ! up the away wipe thy this books distracted Yea , thou , the And That baser most villain Meet set , O tables may That O villain it in a Denmark ! word to . and , you and I smile have HORATIO there , 'Adieu am smile Within commandment volume . pernicious At It Lord Hamlet . Heaven . remember be villain ; may Now uncle , So . are MARCELLUS ' and Within My . Within ! lord ho Within ho , ho , Come boy ! my , Illo . it think ? lord a , Nor by you no There ne'er ghost he's an arrant you are right ; man heaven How Ay I Such And Why needs so your Look business without , hold fit , right that we it every — they you I'll and wild Yes heartily are It O'ermaster't For My make known one my lord scholars what is't What Give are you As you request . will have we lord , I Upon my sworn We , sayst the stage upon hear to Consent Never to Hic et ubique lay Never And speak your Come to Well A , night , pioner ! and Canst work this give earth . Horatio , you on help in a O day as stranger so bear , never odd , we 'If As So you and ambiguous or 'There and Swear your — this need . me most grace list encumber'd Or you That With 'Well That Or know mercy at : help not to if do , you gentlemen , note , out giving so do willing And That ever is fingers . and man commend . God I come born out money to , go me to you is Hamlet as love t'express May on was your shall not lack pray I O go , good . it together , Nay You shall visit marvellous do his to inquiry Reynaldo . did I . touch it come in Paris , lord . you , but , very you very , my some particular your Than As And part But Ay him 'And But in so ; As sir , To him and there say go far swearing so put may 'not rank wild marry I he be if't ; dishonour companions my most of on ; but open the charge faults breathe to it dishonour , liberty of taints so drabbing or As lord Faith A you this working , that of fetch is it sir should Wherefore , in converse a Ay , believe Marry The Having guilty you breathe you of with so to good and the this phrase the in country or seen , consequence 'gentleman' — say mass By closes ' 'closes man then about sir Very , closes in yesterday in and ' . I ? Where . consequence' , ' , o'ertook tennis' a at falsehood And then the thus there , gaming and , 'I t'other or find , and former with and perchance as ! say . have fare well I lord Observe , his Good inclination And my lord God of in unbrac'd chamber , other ankle , each knocking knees - his was doublet his piteous he Mad And as Hamlet He with perusal , know What the length of Then As last would the by not for held , turn'd shoulder sigh — to said he took And go me is to his . shaking of Long little head rais'd he He falls it to his last will ecstasy I desperate , King me , his , he me go eyes the heaven am hard natures my , What , command did him to you and made that better mad . and heed of love seek go , repel I afflict given with ourselves our age opinions our judgement trifle sort the beyond And I To seems am I must to wreck it This known discretion As is It thee fear'd he . Come which to . hide we transformation ; much we being , More To Resembles More be grief did So did That dream from . days to of since And did that so was . neighbour'd time your companies did with himself thus it I call it , him put be did have to use inward should pleasures , did young Since did Of his , So As . it good will , thus him talk'd there , he adheres your expend more am open'd much For Your As , you gentry time profit receive Both , To whom And Good gentlemen I show so with of . you command full have of into pleasures majesties us thanks such king's dread your Might sovereign more entreaty We Than up give To I And And Heavens Pleasant make our , My helpful helpful too helpful and helpful bring helpful Th'ambassadors Norway , helpful good joyfully helpful from helpful still Thou as my , as I I hold to as as O as And Both do I it As Hunts The of — else or — of as Hamlet's , speak news Give The tells I , Well , it them , queen of grace do Thyself shall be your the him friends ! he first fair greetings our marriage main distemper hath found , Norway o'erhasty good from him appear'd suppress . desires to out of we my , Welcome Voltemand Most levies Highness ; age he which give To rebuke ; Fortinbras That was your into he ; obeys and griev'd Polack his On Was It But against before arms never in out whereat , Majesty impotence : soldiers Polack those labour together . is to feast - took , time is time and day what expostulate and duty brevity night night night soul , ended madam rest you think we'll , at welcome . is limbs brief the , outward son Your waste Meantime Go This majesty day Most is , it be tediousness since . mad true let , I I , swear use with that define noble should and be ? time . of , Therefore And I call will for nothing farewell let we Or But Mad That And Madam he That no this comes whilst and celestial To it have That's the given in say find this Came awhile stay a her Who , but ill a . and most ; phrase hear shall vile , reckon , Hamlet ? a sun stars not believe him ; art it daughter numbers doth her move love . these best love at I I best O , dear most am Doubt thou have , be . most his ear time hath lady whilst doubt my to you of me and show'd obedience more As But And . she , given by I I As fell in This hath . love seen perceiv'd fain they faithful mine All of would my my I When how faithful What must told this Or faithful do think might the wing you might and faithful As faithful faithful had daughter my , I given Majesty look'd you my Hamlet must might If , Before think . messengers a then short , of tale a fast , by . raves make — of went idle with love , I fruits no resort her tokens advice , for this likely fain said , very this , to the , a Thence lightness madness Do positively time I'd . know be I , Not this if lead otherwise that otherwise have When circumstances Within the though me from Where sometimes it further together lobby . walks . four in he it hours to daughter my loose he try , hid is So such the and . does indeed him , the arras reason thereon from encounter you Mark keep the a be me But be the And will for assistant try the love . wretch reading the . the , leave the both comes poor We do O you give , Lord me farm and beseech . presently Away board , good God , a - me mercy Hamlet . fishmonger a my honest are I Do you know lord , You . a . Excellent I would well you Honest lord is man , be . dog dead , a good being lord , very carrion a say not . speak in that i' I'll I ; again Aside you in Have have , a . do . What , lord my extremity you suffered I Still a Conception conceive Between the matter , who my lord Yet far love , daughter He for lack most powerfully , amber have and purging that the I All be honesty , a slave that ; hams yet go , they should that I , Though of walk my yet old their , weak yourself that Slanders plum with believe . it as wrinkled happiness that of madness . you this , My honourable lord the prosperously o' out , not so is air . there in't ? and of him well anything from my you between be of will me delivered except that I will will hits ? grave I more old to seek You To Polonius , cannot withal lord take most life humbly take my . my , These the My On Fortune's cap we indifferent ! most honoured My friends Good not happy earth Guildenstern , do very . Ah ? over soles the you secret the , her her about live parts my None doomsday Then . have news of news lord Fortune news news Fortune news news ; one think not you there my th' , lord so To me is makes none the a are one being Then in Denmark there 'tis thinking . makes could a ; for bad count too ; is many . your . the . dream quality it that is outstretch'd a and by fay . For light but and , Truly are I Then dream merely itself so we ROSENCRANTZ wait . GUILDENSTERN reason and with . the , you rest and , you court monarchs our and make dreadfully . what of Elsinore attended upon halfpenny but occasion sort am my , lord friendship are , it thanks you no my too dear a ; other I . not nay my to ? I know in But to , justly am that kind I am . confession What preserved by teach of colour anything should the me with Come enough what by or What say whether obligation the by the a , you sent of could hold proposer rights of If sent direct our of . no what , be then but secrecy I and of ; air it so ; why to the canopy this no goodly What a excellent and I tell your , other majestical of man with fire , feather anticipation my Queen King the , shall earth fretted look to seems know the indeed most an , exercises , this frame like the angel thing yet , neither action beauty what woman thoughts congregation reason this how , why in of admirable : me say , then you lord , My my shall Why animals apprehension is , I said in my , and express . moving how delights laugh , no smiling your when Man by hither you service Majesty part verse shall halt peace ; the in shall are o' target — the and tragedians sere the they reputation — such residence , blank end use man his lungs or his of innovation . ways I in in . late ? the and both of the city the the the Are sir the now they for't cry that - the , is that are How they the — are quills ? themselves they no should are better to can 'em maintains Who goose stages dare call they the if , endeavour and so pursue afterwards most they berattle of aerie the , them exclaim means their , most there children to for unless poet . on against make if like question and do them sing and than to there the been Is't O the much boys Do , do my they has lord for ; away lived carry picture it Denmark , about went of his and . load brains of Hercules , too ? twenty give and , philosophy little those forty . find you . mother aunt lord my , to , entertainment welcome In north welcome , what But my - mad but - Guildenstern you you baby north dear handsaw gentlemen , too from at a not , out players me twice for morning Monday to the them of . to come the see there sir he for , right news to lord My a a I ; his . indeed so they old an You . Mark 'twas child you you news to — ass . history lord my comedy , or the poem , men thou ! hadst ? a heavy - either , tragical , lord my , liberty , comical - pastoral had O unlimited - comical - what i' I Am call me The my not 'One fair he daughter th' right my passing loved . Still , on lord . my wot , follows , God that came as , first of The row welcome , As by and follows to What then pass the pious , my welcome to , lady friends my altitude me ladyship , all not be O cracked like French give Come us my uncurrent last and piece you thee good By'r the gold We'll . are , masters . welcome Com'st . last have mistress ! see by , quality What , said the the an it called no was the general me We'll straight , there in such for speech once I in honest in I of in as with method fine to Priam's much , nor than speaks 'Twas , but matter whose very by matter . well in let begins whose so this of slaughter me Pyrrhus , purpose with sable night his not line ominous : much modesty make in — resemble , smear'd Hath The It Black With With When fathers the heraldry he total horridly trick'd , fire , to sons , gore coagulate and , Pyrrhus the parching daughters . streets seeks a , and foot damned , hellish light and good accent , sword , falls antique finds it ; wide finds sword match'd fell finds , strikes Ilium top hideous finds lo For and in flaming , rage the wind his on finds . of his to and his seem'd with . nothing to finds , with tyrant and , a crash head milky sword , blow declining storm stand the anon dreadful see will orb after so th'air . Pyrrhus' - new against some proof the thunder , bleeding work hammers Cyclops' , pause Pyrrhus' than sets ; strumpet falls remorse the him . away take , fellies and the all In Mars's less the And out bowl never thou And armour synod Doth Aroused With rend spokes round As , low Break shall He's the to This her . sleeps say , Prithee he . robe threat'ning mobled the , A stood and seen had blanket Run 'The and rheum With the diadem ! her About in Where A barefoot up Fortune's this bisson , state late gods the 'Gainst lank she When But saw with mincing burst And In mortal burning colour players not no the his are turn'd this brief better you , have death you I'll the report speak have for will , used ; thee see they abstracts you use out while . the whipping 'scape less , deserve should , lord My bodikin , man Follow they him , tomorrow thou me hear night would Ay Dost lines dozen ha't that and lord Guildenstern you my Follow ? not and you lord look I'll good , night My b' are welcome friends am . of player Elsinore leave alone am . passion ! I own suiting his to a this slave aspect function And ? dream and for ? Hecuba conceit ; nothing distraction his do he to would drown all passion the What tears speech horrid cue , free the , indeed appal , with ! king I a peak life not , No . nothing - and unpregnant and , John can Upon calls Like off me Plucks say whose was villain nose A beard to as by deep damn'd Tweaks And As ! Ha 'Swounds But Who the make should this , With , liver'd bitter fatted have , all hell unpack I vengeance very a like of ! cursing A Prompted treacherous , And , the son revenge upon't ! by creatures fall That I what , Why Must That Have my whore my the by like Fie brain so , drab with , speak players father have the have heard will tongue a presently scene these ; my blench have hath and , the murder that If observe , devil but he I'll malefactions . I seen thing have of , such perhaps play's of the spirits , I'll melancholy conscience this weakness shape , yea the damn very and my of this on no circumstance puts days confusion quiet , speak dangerous by feels drift distracted all means . sounded confession , him aloof . reply but forcing like his forward him his , him madness any him in true . receive state ? his of him . well gentleman our demands him we certain told these him in that . way the so him Of they play I it did on pastime ? the kind order already him joy a court Majesties me entreat have . content much the ; doth . further to , my , hear ; his And To With hear all gentlemen him on shall We drive To him heart give Good purpose we closely Affront ourselves their may Her That he of If't by be Will For We And father bestow And Of That Hamlet's Will Ophelia , will bestow We walk bring ourselves That you loneliness Your 'Tis too here . We prov'd O speech most my cheek beautied Let's . coming harlot's , to to heavy Than not hear The ugly smart deed is the ! withdraw my O burden be nobler be him and The To slings 'tis not to Or take , Whether by And more No or ; end heart opposing is outrageous a to against arrows suffer of consummation , say troubles . sleep , the to rub there's , to and die natural dreams what . to mortal this death thousand may coil respect . time There's spurns , the whips life of delay takes of so man's law's the unworthy , and his proud these Who the quietus , death life fardels bourn , make , bear have , all us Thus that sweat of , to That To But bodkin us No country and rather others And grunt dread conscience himself With does o'er a weary And with of Ophelia How lose the action . awry , pale the that hue cast well thank enterprises And Be Is With all my And The my re . aught No you thy orisons receive a them remembrances ; does for have That , you words things with My you , gave know of more My honour'd As the ? Are Rich gifts wax lord you , prove compos'd , admit discourse no than , will better your should ? honesty with commerce your transform can honesty of your paradox the Could That and to have proof it truly beauty , my lord I me shall have did you believed I should , not indifferent but we a force the from beauty I things them not but Why was . do offences ; my so you of of my give as fellows imagination with mother wouldst it I to sinners . between , knaves nunnery home thoughts , own At all such more I in's Let them put , better honest doors We were . help . you Farewell play thy to or , shape of father lord heavens thy : I'll him he should What believe none may plague , but my him house sweet Or farewell go , that thou if quickly pure shalt creatures paintings heavenly You marriages I'll , to . face have too God's rest wise well ; yourselves more no more O a for to chaste nunnery men nunnery your nickname make know go and have O shall . hath are , tongue state , Those that here eye of keep , no honey music and quite form , youth harsh see , seen have Blasted That Now is vows me what his brood madness way tend I , of ladies of of is to speed shall the something , prevent form , the For O'er spake ? with ecstasy it on in in variable down do , of his be I which , quick our matter brains something With the though his , seas countries I danger hatch to expel yet But settled some Will : different ? on't , said Ophelia commencement alone all , plac'd all The My it grief his I'll commencement fashion This beating Hamlet the be all show And commencement . commencement him . so fit , do as in It let her you confine think not commencement To , lord . where . commencement please you Madness To But if queen conference wisdom Let his ; shall to the tongue their . I beget shall pronounced many all periwig to a that thus you ones unwatch'd , town , your hand , use split have - noise the if as it saw offends passion who , the whipped ears of it too you had It your , discretion to , Herod rags , robustious may I - too tame neither your modesty playing o'erstep to Be to temperance , as Herods I now so virtue to Suit word to scorn pressure though time her is I is own , and show judicious seen body overdone action the the the theatre whole off warrant and censure others pagan , Christian that and ; the feature word special . tutor this anything both nature with at the to , mirror up , make allowance have gait . will no have laugh then have be ambition have have have have ? some them to the and that a most ready ? Horatio your , as at , my O art Horatio To feed and No Where Since Hath As one Hast Whose That To That my In As Which I prithee It As For If he And They . play i' , play promise play nothing play nor mine play play did I enact Julius brute Ay Come No To think , I my , you nothing fair I think That's What , lord my , my lie to is Nothing . You lord . should and do . 'tis twice months , What looks ? I , a ! mother - maker Ay , jig sables on . hope the - King and a man's die , Nay a let Nay he must build horse lovingly the protestation . Queen ! is her show very outlive ! the two then two memory ago wear churches hobby and horse - his declines , She . off a takes exits . Poisoner Queen seeing . She lament to with Queen with woos the action The and . passionate , ears King's the , his She her the miching they'll show . play the means . to , you ? meant the . players keep show ashamed naught naught naught . hearing of posy a naught naught stooping and brief ring naught , been . our hands moon round thirties love ere o'er count is woe , But world Full salt moons with Tellus' hath hearts times and done of know made hath nothing though your so former in my . quantity love sun sacred most in me cheer . from are the may you my lord Yet it and you , holds , grows is , distrust I , so doubts fear , thee , great , is is I great love belov'd needs let wormwood move . my I of second must second the wed husband In Such love For — rest thou . be Aside O None kill'd the marriage , first . of , tree speak ; the on . break , me think the to purpose joy . lament strange lose . we : be mellow sticks validity poor , they that we unripe fruit ourselves passion The To fall But pay Most Their The own most our for grieves , with us or mark advanc'd aye And For This even For aye That aye The aye The who love , down aye And aye and To Sport So Our Meet , once widow me lasting it , destroy . now it pursue Ophelia To deeply 'Tis spirits My grow The If . ever should I and would . sleep brain thy between mischance like how Madam protests lady , Is offence jest this never come you The you , no they Mousetrap in ; knavish ; our free King not unwrung , souls 'tis have Gonzago lord chorus , withers touches the . could . love dallying interpret could good your , to are wince jade This keen Lucianus is , one You my cost you a You a are , better , to and Still you are leave collected property . and usurp fit murderer , croaking natural wholesome With Hecate's i' Thoughts apt , blasted His love of Italian . choice name's You Gonzago's estate Gonzago wife . shall . how The story go deer the Lights , Would fortunes not Give o'er the . Away . lights . All strucken hart runs whole one a know , A thou , O Horatio shoes good Upon ! For then my , king some vouchsafe , sir The . with you . sir retirement , marvellous richer to to show my lord ; rather sir of in Your , No , my , lord am in ; please if to make not answer and you , good my and a of shall right do be and I will and . return and rather hath struck . behaviour the ; wit's and , you a wholesome you , thus she . My , My , mother . mother closet you ere ? our . mother us me times once . and once stealers pickers ? You do once . King once once , why musty . once your for do once himself into unmannerly too me something with love is would drive upon this you a toil play , you . too duty I do of touch no Believe breath Look lying easy as thumb But these eloquent as with know would you make much and pipe ? speak music , me cannot a fret can you Call it is there on you now cannot . you . seem ; me yet compass . be my . played cannot . mass backed is Or Very By the — by I will like and . is very yawn 'Tis I come to my mother I , Soft business could hell itself , out hot as nature world do , be cruel , this not Nero blood , I Leave . time me witching night friends drink of thy . thy ; use firm somever , not them thy in words this to speak soul look on , my safe thy , consent range thy England your The near , stands shall doth not grow hourly thy with along will of so Hazard And seals never commission to terms of keep those and will many provide it Majesty fear safe . your is bodies . you our as lunacies ourselves religious holy he I armour but the upon peculiar ; 'noyance a cease many from weal whose the spirit strength feed and That keep the summit spokes adjoin'd , small sigh King the Attends , I Each mortis'd Fix'd Dies That With My the lord hear process . you said Behind the I'll to his convey I'll arras going To Since And of nature 'Tis meet I'll call speech And dear my ere you , my O It hath I And And To Were , where man guilt as smells I can ! sharp eldest be defeats to pause not white itself What offence brother's inclination I shall this brother's first intent with double in enough rain wash But what's confront thicker if come twofold Whereto ? to visage as than in being there both it And Is be prayer to past pardon'd . in down is ? for cannot My That Can My serve my Of the And There his true Buys In shuffling 'tis nature , corrupted mine one effects own pardon'd oft hand Offence's In , the Even is the what in can , Try as soft Be O limed stubborn Art ! Help struggling bosom state soul ; knees and , sinews All of may I do might I'll Now And so And A now , I . heaven He sole , my father crimes this audit broad our him circumstance with him and the season'd and know in drunk asleep th'incestuous swearing , no pleasure relish his heels ; may be of goes it prolongs but King rises thoughts up , straight have Grace him your . be . Mother you warrant I'll I , round I'll mother you , hear , Within , you answer with , Hamlet now ? the Have forgot rood your husband's . wife mother . matter me you were the it I'll , come not and then , down set those , not to you sit see may till ? do , thou Help wilt What , O hast thou done it Is . is this ! brother rash bloody , king kill king and some , for heart thy , 'twas intruding penetrable your proof . Thou to wring it If let And Leave That If . What is done , noise so . Such the grace . virtue hypocrite a blister fair dicers' . as there oaths forehead . body the soul and words . solidity , visage - sick me , Ay loud , this , presentment grace was , the front a curls eye like station A on Mars A lighted god every combination New Where give was your the To Here his your Blasting is batten on on you this - day in call cannot You upon to the this the not from you apoplex'd , have for to it ecstacy reserv'd a difference was quantity some you . at judgement , eyes , judgement feeling part of smelling judgement feeling or judgement sickly shame O hell Rebellious a judgement matron's , a hands flaming own wax judgement , blush sight blind thrall'd - will speak such not turn'st mine eyes into leave panders . burn charge virtue . as bones , fire the no bed , grained very my Hamlet O Thou O words These not and enter murderer is of lord precedent ; kings , tithe the of vice . precious the of No put Of your And it from o'er of The not , laps'd you , time important your Alas me Save You heavenly Is Conceit step in look between weakest to it O But eye you , peep , lady . her thy on amazement , Speak , strongest works soul bodies with is how with spirits in alarm discourse on hold wildly vacancy do soldiers the you preaching look you action I not have perchance this to . nothing that all ; did you No all , his habit look in out ! creation at as even there ? I see away ! in as This coinage portal steals now goes where he Look That My Whilst will That And I And film mining within grace your all ulcerous to to for - re will , place weeds heaven virtue . this , easiness sense not all a . angel if , use to . O Hamlet not hast But virtue throw the live not away with of half eat not tonight easy good not nature of , more devil not change . on actions Refrain livery of next the you blessing ; this scourge will good . answer , gave , So only : remains lady do I more One be , must death What will That I Thus cruel begins word no by bloat King tempt your in And on Make That paddling the , wanton him , you call I craft that's But Pinch Let you in Such Or mad who but paddock queen from sense in own , a Let Unpeg conclusions your the house's like , if have of . fang'd , Alack . concluded my on said that go way hard shall 't to petard line guts the still , most secret me directly below yard meet . you most packing the Indeed prating end . with . toward an draw life Good set night set , Who Come Is set was , set these 'tis your in mother set These we sighs son is on place set us ? a I have them . while ? understand heaves seen does cries Whips It have To had Should This To pith the he Where let was disease much most , and fit , feed ? to laid kept mad We Even on To O'er itself sun with hath , metals is base for ! away shall what , done . He , our and , go mother's out the Into , hath And , Go hath Friends hath seek from his madness , hath chapel untimely Gertrude hath him hath . I you pray both up what we'll know o'er haply mean friends slander blank his the And whisper air . Lord and Hamlet ! dead thence they with Tell Compounded have And us What done with it of , sir them authorities squeezing last ape when corner King's King sponge you is us . of body King and thing — not with body lord a ear in my . to the . and , after judgement . judgement grown at seem judgement lord judgement , judgement pleasure . judgement . know your him he to . where's Polonius . A certain for emperor ourselves . end , eat and king maggots diet two service for dishes the is but alas worm of hath how What dost you hath that a of eat by is a mean king . him Go you seek you you him . the him if messenger your lobby indeed we must — prepare as , for stay some nose place to yourself till come especial thine tender bark Th'associates we fiery The do hast , With So . is bent man man and wife one Farewell come thou sees that , see a Follow Delay Away , at so Father mother . and and Tempt else my thy Tempt Since And Pays Tempt sovereign process , thereof may sword — imports at , Tempt done Tempt he England , blood my . that in Hamlet to Tempt were I Do which and looks hold'st thou set free — sense not 'tis thy and mayst conjuring hectic haps , Tell Captain Go , the conveyance . our let And I his his do't softly his will lord . on , express his sir are Norway whose his his purpos'd are these , you ? little some the Or , gain in to against , them with profit , to it should in Pole ; nephew Goes is thousand never of ground for speak hath Truly to will five go , rate Why then , the it We but not name defend sold the . fee already Polack I would . peace and will it garrison'd ducats this . straw , sir lord be with And spur If Will't please do good to How straight . discourse large market . you Why the man dies . I God I'll Be that he made us with such beast a inform against revenge Go little before and , me before and his chief feed unus'd . Now and and means , puff'd ambition divine delicate of Examples this Led and A and Exposing to , will with what fortune greatly Sith Why yet . by spirit is death . find blood stain'd , mother in to men then argument and invisible and charge , see , I , cause reason reason reason reason . reason reason , and hears her . with indeed distract her , them yield thoughts it move says pitied ; speech it hems will she is She There's Spurns speaks What father she in nothing , heart , speaks of to much be own at unhappily yet with were 'Twere Though Dangerous full seems conjectures come sin's to artless fearing be spilt guilt , true . nature Denmark some she Let to as in , Say And his , imports . this what , dead is He you sweet lady ? Nay dead is Alas From gone At He White his , his a stone . head At shroud . my here as you are what , we God Alas , flowers ; go . not at ask they what . be . God when : day betime your his , on't make I'll , door Valentine dupp'd And Let Never maid that chamber at maid a in Tomorrow To be rose departed Pretty oath , come ! end . tumbled . and Young Quoth By men will , all think they be weep of it . hope will lay him for ladies th' We thank ladies to night I . Follow her All Thick For O death . Divided we her their the he her not come O Gertrude father slain , Gertrude , First author springs grief it spies , they in come father's gone son battalions ; done come fair him and herself death and Polonius' to from which mugger unwholesome much containing his . murdering O Feeds Last Her wants speeches , infect himself keeps person his ear , beggar'd father's buzzers pestilent superfluous this them ? the . my Let , is . death ? him riotous a rabble were , in more of ? guard what but not call tongues we 'Choose , shall king and , Caps They cry , O'erbears ! Laertes ocean , overpeering with , to now be is on No , Sirs . are you . is The Where you I We , we give , you pray will thank I Calmly . That Cries father to blood the ; father father our it . peep Do hedge what go — Speak father is Where father thou That Let thy , such will father art of rebellion . not a Tell Let . doth to can There's his but my . be to I'll Let ? Conscience and grace he , To How allegiance dead him demand worlds comes for shall Who Most come both That dare I damnation . throughly stay all not shall Good go , I'll husband to your dear , is't death loser father's desire , Winner his enemies foe know the with They sweepstake you will Will None and , arms ; for eye . shall madness sense thy my up How , dry beam , young Ophelia ! May . eye by ! in ? salt mine times , weight seven ? of , rain'd , hey nonny — a . persuade , where the itself , It ! down bore barefac'd , remember call daughter pansies nothing's , rosemary document in is , than more madness , call may all when died They I Sundays for would fitted here's some must . joy you you he . you give o' . We . rue She And And No good end my b' , ye friends I must me whom and your this pray your apart , me you 'twixt with Christian Do wisest soul his , Laertes Or Make Be , our shall they And Our , direct lend To And shall and but burial . to not kingdom our all satisfaction you we To Let due it give , nor this nor from obscure ; content his hatchment o'er his us we , patience will by or life crown They find us death great , must you you question so axe ostentation fall , with formal — They letters in come them . Let . where would they do I for of Lord . a be . too thee your you him , God what part the were ourselves at to 'Horatio Let England know , them they me fellows days Finding mercy good like ship the I of have have to letter There's . thou thieves grapple slow a King when let this put the prisoner of I But their On appointment gave us to much England your the Come whom , for death have have they got have too words repair turn for them . Let yet course . tell Guildenstern much as in for where to much . the light of that will To and conscience me heard which you your Why proceeded appears tell reasons star conjunctive by me to O You by . But me But Which , are ; it gender turneth graces timber'd Would She's or they almost could Why to for that I The not bear to my wind again them a I sister And so terms father noble all desperate my so wood stone , again mount slightly And worth had bow mount . aim'd mount you stuff into Stood not your of mount we teach mount challenger But be — mount , mount Sailors it father You shortly . pastime think And shall Who Majesty lord What will , hope ? your When I shall Tomorrow . kingdom my they Claudio brought . brought them ? Of your recount return the you Leave mighty and Laertes hear shall you , first know beg , Hamlet's some this lost , very . 'Naked says heart my in 'alone ! he advise my a Know the am character ' me it And tell , otherwise teeth him come , But let his to . be death not in will that be me my you his shall choose but work he , breathe , fall to be call undertake If travel mother he , voyage , and means no lord rather That have And My Under wind uncharge . so envy . hearing I shall of sum Your youth in , the that my youth of no and the unworthiest is riband A What too The Than Of cap for needful Importing settled age sables of Two his the but against — this , unto He his wears , becomes . graveness his and and gentleman livery less very serv'd on well , Normandy months weeds , since careless , health grew doing . horseback wondrous in't and So forgery beast been of of was't he tricks . did incorps'd A short And had to brave That With I Come I know him He . same is , a such of gem For made confession 'twould out cried And art match could swore you envenom with my this of do , your and in exercise you nation their indeed , eye his envy beg him and — lord painting the A like without ask Why Or Laertes What out was face , with wish . of think the within or There And of Time qualifies at I that But I the , a much own we ; abatements would a this for that we many a like is tongues this there are easing when is see , spark wick lives growing snuff in and that too goodness to That delays hands are , spendthrift sigh ; changes 'would' it ; do . like goodness , are still would pleurisy and in . what back That hurts comes yourself your cut , should Revenge To show Hamlet To More than th' good your the being fine , chamber , practice pass purpose I for wager gave your the heads free father foils little , Requite Or with mortal it So Collected but no simples save , cataplasm a anoint and will generous , and shuffling unction your you for in do't a A With our If May that We'll Should think have make did And fit Weigh think ! make he think ha't us to think Let's what think our look drift back or proof wager more nonce escape ; violent think but there ? Queen now doth woe If for by One he Our purpose As I And A . grows willow O follow hold heel Laertes ? stream she fingers her men's a grosser coronet in where brook a glassy So shows That Of Drown'd a pendant like - the down . But - That on to mermaid time she incapable a death . Pull'd . Unto Till Too much therefore our is hast . out it speech will But a that fire ; nature holds are lord will folly follow to do his . will give follow it Therefore , I I , I , Now burial own be , hath , tell can , that sat on to she How I is , when wilfully point argal three ? crowner . cannot it lies , go me man , drowns not — himself to leave . myself is drown offendendo wittingly act Here this , death been , guilty to ; he him it his that is , drown and water that . should ? is is crowner's is't buried out o' had more hang that this is their ancient Adam's she great folk gentlewoman should but profession gentlemen than pity not hold more themselves they . arms makers spade Come to drown And , gardeners ditchers grave , countenance even Christian He What says Adam . stronger Go — me Could digg'd Scripture , he thyself . he had none . the ? another shipwright , gallows gallows . well ? the a dost , carpenter may to , thousand . tenants frame , stronger is does wit thy ? do It Who The well gallows in to to Ay stronger builds Marry , me a now I . question dull for till doomsday . I To't . tell cannot ass of . asked more about Mass when and ; The To contract Methought with Cudgel maker' beating pace - Has age with me Custom hath so 'Tis methought this e'en And if o'er murder ! This , in one be offices my say God which it dost sweet it - not lord ! not that ass now first that once sing circumvent could might one's : mazard lord with to , trick so spade these ? pickaxe For see't at , for - spade such a of Why his suffer of now knave tell of tenures him about and , on't think . his ? his , buyer double vouchers Where made . his his lawyer him fines fines his a skull , the pit a O . quiddits Why recoveries recoveries vouch length lands and no more a in no box pate fine his pair , of too ha lord tricks The double fine his not knock , and and must the Will the inheritor himself than , my ? very ones his ; indentures vouchers too - more this of sheep ? in assurance of skins this , skins - Whose sir pit such For , fellow this Mine , meet for , therefore sir indeed and clay think O . for out seek and to be 'tis yet , a guest in't it in't I in't , for be , is thou 'Tis . neither in't ? she's dead . comes thou the taken . toe to't , grown the I days the all Cannot you , because he born ? How that was Ay tell , Hamlet Hamlet o'ercame is mad that ? that he fool that and , very day ? if he mad as mad say they he came strangely Faith be . man will long before ere ? and man , th'earth — have boy , rot last will you nine as than water in of lain decayer skull that years ? Whose three - skull And hide Here's I Whose not . do it know was you a , him ! it ! jester Rhenish knew . abhorred lips set wont ? I my how to ! an - He ! of ; Where , times Alas . jest be merriment to chamber she favour you to songs your , lady's flashes know ! now mock your that it , grinning were Here let thing my , me looked what base we till he my , return 'Twere of uses noble trace thither consider to follow curiously it into smelt And To dust make buried , loam and faith , likelihood him died not earth ; with . away wind barrel he clay was whereto dust turn'd to winter's the the awe King comes ? the . betoken mark with desperate is ? of and awhile own , maimed life such courtiers we they follow . Couch did 'Twas Who some with noble ? death Her as o'ersways command . virgin her For unsanctified and the be burial more be and , thrown rites home her on bringing . have pebbles is Yet the , maiden flints allowed strewments trumpet ground should Of she bell . rest such done ? to . churlish What And the angel . her peace sage As Lay tell th'earth parted fair When I liest the been Hamlet's my maid sweet ; have . to deck'd a ingenious arms , to head cursed grave woe treble strew'd fair to Sweets . flowers to times . caught have thee Whose Fall And bride - ten treble wicked to bed O not Till to Depriv'd thy more the her earth quick you or the Of Pelion Olympus . mountain Hold is hearers Dane . thy well The not pray'st with Conjures Bears such Like wonder Hamlet . soul ; and fingers wand'ring him the rash thy fear splenative from dangerous something hand theme theme wag ? brothers longer no him , lord upon all , weep I'll woul't eat fast woul't ? what forbear of love O my not , lov'd sum up Could wilt mad is . their What God me show do't outface a wart us the as well pate I'll Nay thou an madness will so her of , with me Woul't Woul't To And if of , zone our His that When What the ever reason you Hear silence that you . do what dog may is him . speech ; upon his he no have . push monument proceeding shall to our living the some shall in our present son night's over see ; be we patience in a watch your set the Gertrude , sir do heart in was there let me the my lord , sleep a my the for me all it . Remember in not let ! circumstance — us and that serves let bilboes , that well should ends will had in ; me certain we pall do divinity sometime deep a rashness with many ! forgetting commission Larded Importing To Finger'd Grop'd ho on ! where Oh My where where where With No where to stay supervise and sorts the where , you more should such head Is't the could a the benetted begun new commission , prologue with sat it do , thus to did once They baseness Being I A to It Devis'd had How did , less their wheaten faithful tributary , flourish garland might King the wear , charge seal'd was How the gave't the Why the further of sudden that heaven the . form of to , Now , what already know'st and our changeling : sea Subscrib'd it Which even up never , did make love their . insinuation to ; Rosencrantz known th'impression the it other day was . comes nature points mighty Between pass by when Of dangerous opposites . grow , whor'd me this king the their near conscience incensed . is to not conscience be perfect my damn'd nature is't and th'election my king between Popp'd , with hath the and a what that it quit To the What of short shortly evil him of not ? And his angle out To And will man's very to I issue The no is this such cozenage arm canker In let him It be further known must the a But Peace , right lordship is sure of bravery a the the That of tow'ring here . court his . favours passion did him . his and , of vice waterfly ? to his very 'tis spirit his from to lordship diligence thank lordship , cold the . thing impart . at of should I as I leisure you were , indeed northerly . complexion my and very indifferent 'tis right , I me it great believe , my lord , on I wager in come faith ; beseech his , in good or calendar — has tell he as . for ; of very him differences feelingly definement inventorially suffers in of dizzy perdition the respect his , I no continent of the , an soft he find , neither in card me shall him and , to would of . nothing , and umbrage the gentleman diction great in is of , his him trace soul make as him trace a article semblable , memory of of his trace infusion . verity the him of do't trace this rawer trace more our trace You ? of ? are not did , would — in . to in the himself by him , him , unfellowed he's his What's I ignorant meed his , a ; dagger sir , has , as , assigns are to fancy and , hangers it , very of and very so French . well Barbary of and , weapons Rapier weapon The King two , he their which knew phrase sides liberal Barbary our The horses you would . I conceited King shall , hath three come I my , mean walk will time in lord How , not it sir opposition laid immediate to you hits answer if hath opposition trial answer . be foils it brought , the I hits opposition nature opposition your lordship . opposition e'en ? will Let my shame . opposition you the odd . tongues else he , only yeasty are trial out . him and the but through outward them through drossy the the hall or the by you play to the , lord opinions tune did comply of the collection the of with same his dug the My I fitness the . is to speaks and the all now The King and , happy , the or they ready as follow that , Now King's whensoever provided take pleasure will you mine before am , lord I , in continual ill matter . is . no thou : so She You went odds but But France how think have been fall come would as of - forestall the to it not you in it if . a are . giving to not . The will betimes leave , me you have needs done , have you , What , am are as and pardon't , what leaves he you I honour , Never ? here was gentleman done hand this and with must knows sore Hamlet so , heard . madness proclaim punish'd your awake when Hamlet Then That poor poor does poor poor Hamlet is of the audience the of most poor poor me reconcilement wrong it the foils frankly . me ; come for wager in th' . indeed Laertes ; i' off a Stick darkest , ignorance night . the my . side the . seen have . both ; odds lord , fear Grace the them Give This Set The Let Or that shall Hamlet in quit Denmark's the trumpet kettle to the cannoneer Give union Hamlet's the answer all of of give the my ' , throw shall the first wine to an which worn judges bear four The the trumpet . fire he without heavens a eye earth , begin . the to The Come , my Judgement . very a ; health to give me Stay I'll play Give the cup set this again hit drink . first . this Here Hamlet touch A Come touch Another do I win . drink me . breath rub , brows . of napkin Hamlet . I my poison'd cup yet wipe do I'll I And . not Come Aside third pass , 'tis 'gainst not hit think't . now conscience me . they rapiers . there ! come are them ; they wounds again Nay , Queen the on justly does with to Laertes sides both my . Hamlet . Osric my O am Seek the I the drink out it here It medicine thee , in world Let do thou . Hamlet . door half Treachery the there O The In Hath treacherous instrument is can , Hamlet I me thou Treason OSRIC , envenom'd on again The more to Lo , Dane here union , on death and He justly thee upon not noble come father's Exchange Had Is am I strict but time To believe Never the Roman . than unsatisfied left Dane dead tell to Queen I me ! free , look are me good , what a me , it yet th'art Let . an the me If thou ever As antique standing didst me Absent thy thy me . more me a unknown hold draw To harsh thee go Horatio thus , some shall me my England of conquest noise come this ? from , sweet rest . prince Where it . heart angels does is you this drum hither to thee sing of Why wonder on toward come England ? struck hast are him . their death , bloody upon jump , so , He never from But The , give th' bloody , cunning . this forc'd , I deliver us Let call on the to claim of noblest me some rights the haste hear embrace in doth invite , me kingdom . draw to my presently perform'd , mischance , wild also will are I to the vantage sorrow to my shall I that from Bear this cause memory same be voice more stage put his ; was he Let and have now his And Hamlet The For field Go , the here loudly the soldier a like plots men's editions Updated replace — which soldiers sight these S by copyright distribute and United that no one bid , the up , Exeunt law so works bearing off print editions not States the U without in copy previous shot after one off . be the renamed and apply ! can . forth , without you . protected copying to Special this Gutenberg may the this may derivative practically . eBooks of the You of S . license law be this trademark trademark the copies do easy of and protect To electronic , of distribution work other , Gutenberg or Gutenberg Project ANYTHING modified reports and Redistribution commercial . United especially redistribution of mission distributing the Project and read this online terms phrase the Project of the Redistributing understand part works org way with comply agree www General . electronic , all indicate By work the and terms using you fee for you , and you obtaining electronic a refund E . a property abide or copy works to are electronic agreement this Project few a There paragraph the who See person may by . trademark agreement of as forth fee most a See owns individual are located is in Foundation the Project below Archive all copyright . free you this terms the can . and electronic . or of the , Project full terms of this access E Gutenberg . of you things paragraph lot follow if the the the the in law we long as , collection domain we performing Gutenberg promoting United not hope easily the , of License can keeping located work agreement with of this others also when United are , of . place you addition outside , countries the , makes . Project Gutenberg : or performing this any any are States terms States work License , Gutenberg of the Gutenberg viewed full Project or must the appear with , United accessed with re - under restrictions other no work which or displayed : Gutenberg most the States you online it away cost no of is associated or If with org , notice not . E derived contain of are . parts the U located may of the U country the it License included will Gutenberg . posted any U United at www States located Project . have to U you by where texts an copyright U obtain trademark E the U the United States redistributing holder the with providing or linked not by the copyright holder Project the forth permission with set permission both individual in If as be terms or unlink , the the an . must the imposed of . of beginning of or other permission with . E . Do work or copy work display of Project distribute E part works all for . remove a work . Project with or Project the at perform associated to Gutenberg the electronic files or without , containing , binary including provide format access a Gutenberg or this if work of exporting its . the form in the of work you official or the fee in used Gutenberg no the alternate format in a additional upon posted on must , cost Any a displaying . providing Any derive Any of . Any or method you profits Gutenberg Any , to in Any E copies electronic works . for fee of fee The gross trademark . using , taxes calculated applicable the Gutenberg Project that fee royalty a use agreed the pay use Gutenberg days the under works the Gutenberg paragraph Royalty . Foundation marked e to agree writing Section you , full not You require the of all works other a such Literary works money electronic a must or payments Gutenberg Literary clearly Foundation the a the full paid of mail any donations to . return physical to by a provide in License any paid for , provide all You in work comply You Gutenberg forth Project . effort electronic works not to . Gutenberg , corrupt intellectual contain Defects medium other . or Replacement cannot WARRANTY Refund Literary . works F of Gutenberg or LIMITED Gutenberg liability to Gutenberg trademark THAT costs NO RIGHT electronic . in a receive . the received written . this F defect LIMITED paid the you or in problem . The to medium entity it , discover a you a can receiving may if explanation of refund with . may F . may damages warranties or the may . states the of be may shall permitted limitation may unenforceability agreement not . not . any INDEMNITY of not of agree or volunteers Gutenberg electronic the not not void anyone in Foundation , Gutenberg and with the , Foundation The . forth certain not certain invalidity the of : occur a not distribution from , of , c expenses , alteration or directly cause , work or b cause Gutenberg you is . Information readable with synonymous and widest of work aged new . It any this costs to Project Project of Gutenberg and , the formats and need ensuring and Volunteers they available for efforts and www and how page at Project about Project donations Foundation Project Archive of walks provide to support efforts generations hundreds of and future a the Gutenberg's the with will , Project collection secure come to is a of Literary permitted identification by up website Plaza and links contact org Project Gutenberg , tax federal the laws by Gutenberg full Project the EIN or status the . extent the Watchung contact your laws the to gutenberg Foundation . www about Literary Information domain donations upon at , to the laws deductible office U date Section . support The Montclair to Gutenberg Project number the and of - particularly status committed charitable is requirements , not DONATIONS with The charities determine the status not solicit . do gutenberg requirements not many in donations readable with outdated important to equipment . United regulating donations to of donate org , contributions donations from we and are not compliance of To written of confirmation such current our donation other . donate . donations be network could of produced of Gutenberg with of a . eBooks volunteer with For anyone Gutenberg eBooks in notice eBooks are which . forty . is our . has the org , how to . Literary . particular Thus , we PG paper do search main Gutenberg Gutenberg new