Nay answer , the struck am twelve much at . thanks You come And For relief Barnardo carefully hour bed cold . He most this . 'Tis sick to . make Marcellus , mouse , Well rivals , Horatio and ? Stand . night you hath ! Barnardo ? Marcellus there what piece good . of our belief sight have the watch I not dreaded 'tis have And Touching us if let Therefore will let so down our seen , this , we What Where Had yond now When same break comes of . pole where one it again . that heaven westward made Peace same not it Question that thou that usurp'st of I art Did sometimes Denmark time to with ? Horatio . buried heaven By It march the ! 'Tis You more and . charge . away thee look ! speak ! tremble ! than this ? pale ! King had on ice on armour very Such Without As Is like : knows that he , know not ; cannon land brazen implements cast subject most my opinion me our watch , whose the this with the . day ? haste week : the and daily toils for impress such Who even but appear'd that night divide from me inform - toward not At Was Does labourer can goes a ; Fortinbras our ; combat side law seal'd in Sunday can make What might be whisper Whose , is't slay he , the To as with our had cov'nant Fortinbras full , esteem'd compact his conqueror competent , other is to of Now the the moiety to a his seiz'd the by of ; Hamlet the up of list unimproved vanquisher mettle a stomach and a Against King sir , lawless , in't our no , it I foresaid state . compulsatory motive of his His Had he Norway here preparations rummage : haste our , and appear of recover well watch may it - Is That And source Comes is question but that of And lost main no this post the watch so other our sort and it most little graves the high is That The eye Rome fell moist stands , blood . wars palmy and armed through As A stood ere The to trouble the mind's tenantless gibber and cross soft As fire the Roman streets . fates coming the harbingers the almost prologue Was whose Upon even earth together countrymen it Stay to me , Lo and to sick still where use done , avoid me ease good Speak to If , preceding to climatures Have it I'll behold art Extorted they , Speak of For which treasure Stop I Shall if 'Tis here 'Tis ! it strike Do , at violence invulnerable mockery started like when , malicious . majestical of fearful the . lofty is and and shrill trumpet summons , speak have guilty a to his earth erring spirit the warning the day confine Th'extravagant his say on the present that that season , long comes cock . stir dare no then hath witch no , wholesome takes nor so . truth , of celebrated believe , singeth , I fairy hallow'd and dawning Saviour's birth is all spirit strike charm in in yon high mantle morning with him fitting it , hill clad time russet eastward . conveniently him Let's Unto impart what young Let This Do spirit , dumb to us , will you As shall find shall in so far hath green memory The bear , Laertes we . brother's , of this 'twere as Together Have , to now fought on defeated and funeral be our mirth Your this Now Or With With jointress auspicious in Holding He Taken With In To Now equal wife follows a , affair with state to this dear of surrender to not dream with . this young rid , that - we time So , disjoint of us with worth brother's message , lands of of all pester is fail'd the by hath is is our most the and bed proportions ; herein this is further uncle of is his is gait , and CORNELIUS all , and and is In with Giving business ; will commend show : of Laertes , of cannot told And You What reason . That The lose And speak some voice be your is more of throne hand The Than Dread thou have thy Laertes ? is't to the , heart the mouth , with news Dane . Denmark France to return asking , to Laertes though your coronation ? says wrung petition hard What leave duty done France and , and you I him at me slow . wishes your them Yet Have He And Take fair hour Hamlet it at thy son and graces seal'd my hath bow to lord his beseech , more clouds , less ? still am sun on kin lord thy hang , cast And not for with noble Seek Not it a on off , die the lids Denmark you . dust eternity . too to all thine like ever father friend look thy through that must , good I particular it of , is for Thou , Ay , If so inky Nay ! madam 'Tis Nor , actions truly the , play of , passeth trappings have but But Seems , suspiration I No Nor nor That For These father must . is heaven , impatient to unmanly 'Tis . opposition is persevere course , common fault Fie , to theme heaven to cried still , our be , most will A a understanding what it fault any For An shows do obstinate unschool'd a and simple must vulgar a hath , earth and ; sense to thing as peevish his throne intent . note us of the world to bend your For you back most cheer the we It In Than with most immediate let , We pray who and , unprevailing And that which toward our of our love to throw take , son Wittenberg Wittenberg Hamlet . our you to school going lose us all This Be the ourself prayers . today grace Hamlet , great cannon rouse speaking heaven shall , flesh to fair whereof bruit away a heart ; Denmark drinks accord . Madam , come ; tell clouds . dew this unprofitable ! not the that 'gainst O Thaw and jocund too resolve slaughter . and God ! melt , this my to much and hang on of to the him ! not ! unweeded the ! to Fie Possess it ; seed dead months Heaven would thy grown woman old is a she of ; or — Hercules mourn'd to With which on't longer with mine eyes most . God have Than Ere . salt flushing yet I no that , Within unrighteous , discourse post to ; brother all ! month , A Niobe of O Would of the of My of speed to ! of wicked such , O is break of my nor of heart With dexterity to I Horatio , to glad you do name Wittenberg Marcellus And , with — from you Good you make sir even ever Horatio good — friend that I'll what . enemy affair your I truster shall To teach what . deep you in father's ? ere . violence report truant ; lord , faith hear know I do to fellow funeral was , Indeed ever had Did coldly it not I , Horatio it dearest methinks I that seen heaven bak'd marriage the lord my prithee think . all in his upon , my , my Or father Would all him a ; In man once mind's , My a , look I Saw deliver gentlemen may while for think , father . hear you of witness This Upon With For God's love an march they of . him fear This did to ; not impart night they kept both true secrecy third with jelly speak to his Almost By Goes Within dumb Stand and them they thing where The And the it , up to even And 'Tis think let , 'tis our , tonight of . haste in shrunk As did very true my you do We From indeed , the MARCELLUS Hold my ? my , Arm'd my Then O A my My my my look'd he fix'd I you . Nay , or red Pale MARCELLUS It , amaz'd hundred Not moderate very one It , his no ? saw't I haste long ? walk I as His when was it If an whatsoever else assume peace though noble it will person sight hap but eleven you honour mine to All ! the night soul play , my still sit father's some then spirit in arms would , foul them : o'erwhelm embark'd , benefit in of fashion a trifling as , is But sister necessaries And And My , let you doubt favour , lasting not , primy toy of minute more Think crescent it but so no as does not more . grow mind loves temple now , must : birth not his is unvalu'd as on his to of choice that says act particular so and head Then yielding of he choice subject ; this be circumscrib'd whole to ; saying his which and of your loss honour Denmark voice if wisdom . your give he May it itself oft The you , lose If Then Fear Or keep I As wary beauty and it your desire the are the of the , lesson reckless libertine spring youth imminent safety best , I O recks . treads dalliance of his fear , And me here . a leave my path puff'd father aboard your of in , my thy thy no . you . for blessing unproportion'd . in Laertes blessing There precepts means shoulder a long stay Yet here are Those Grapple unto dull ; being palm of hoops their vulgar And thou Nor familiar not new But Look thou Give and with unfledg'd any friends Of Costly most select oft fancy in France of as , reserve can , quarrel , thy soul hast thou entrance every Of loan And For it And This above must But And Farewell Most invites you I not canst Thou my ; follow a Neither all borrowing loses own night to this take humbly time then , do . tend . lord servants your remember said my Farewell . Hamlet oft ; most — so free and bounteous you of the Lord and : touching something He , between you affection like a my of late . green ? must your made many think you , clearly up me girl the call should baby ; of tender the teach my ; what with true yourself , speak tenders have hath honourable not — Running , it , And crack , In his ; it the holy call countenance given Ay fashion lord may you to — you'll to almost the hath to woodcocks daughter know heaven I the both - a extinct do ; time making , is From maiden . your entreatments parley command Believe so a to him In they as ; Hamlet , as young rate higher . tether larger than vows the Lends as as in beguile sanctified which . that For walk are pious and of implorators as . mere plain so you , better Breathing as for show for from any bawds Hamlet . leisure , unholy their few . the you my lord , cold air forth . lacks it . held as kettle draughts swaggering the pledge his drum triumph The he drains and wake does the heard I Wherein doth this not No , his spirit and season the ? to walk , upspring takes my lord bray Keeps wassail custom : takes height attribute nations and of and perform'd tax'd drunkards traduc'd heavy , complexion his of particular in not origin chances , headed in This Makes Soil So in By their , marrow mole achievements our the with . of much o'ergrowth some nature pith it vicious us addition of guilty indeed and it , men nature pure , as dram a . of The may censure scandal evil of corruption it take man with thee thy burst thy me , I father , speak com'st airs from grace my Angels and That King Have Why a Be Thou Let in thee bones cerements again corse complete sepulchre in why ! again in in Dane . goblin defend ministers thou Be . I'll call ; ignorance their burst Hath thee up his saw What steel of may tell me thee , a That thou Revisit'st is if it ? with away desire go alone did , Wherefore ? beyond horridly hideous glimpses What jaws marble of we our of we courteous impartment action removed But thoughts the should it To you . to some . lord will . means then not a what waves you with the . my be my set what by follow it . I fear itself ? fee pin's do as it to , my cliff , lord , life into sea the of I'll the . again , immortal toward What life it soul thing forth dreadful base life it life life . life toys many might there Or That And o'er some puts of Think of it , flood form the his other of , beneath the . not . hands shall , cries lion's , off My ; As I . each ! I heaven I'll away am you . your rul'd Be fate makes Still Something after He Let's will the ? with not — Have rotten in let's , Nay Heaven issue . him Speak . go . further , flames wilt and almost will me . render Pity Must sulph'rous come , unfold My Mark poor poor hearing hear poor bound shall . poor . thou poor am I So I a for poor Speak Are poor thou to when art Doom'd thy Murder in strange , I the foul most this foul , the ; orchard of Denmark forged by stung out in , this itself shouldst thou in be thee to my wings weed wharf fat death my whole process , thou . noble adulterate traitorous wit incestuous , gifts , with uncle O Mine — his won seeming - virtuous was there queen shameful heaven of ; of his off was marriage gifts the vow mov'd , lust decline poor were and , it , custom let But in To in soft Though lust sate in on Sleeping in the stole vial did effect ears courses in , in air morning in garbage ; orchard a in my leperous the juice Upon of secure cursed of hebenon porches an in And Holds swift as quicksilver gates sudden like a and natural The And a lazar The Taint and thy mother sting prick To And glow And The Against not hast nature the not If Let all my horrible pursu'st aught those to thy But thorns And O all shall sinews , globe grow ! my , seat ? thee Hold earth heaven of , And up That up all fond Remember memory , of my ! smiling up of not stiffly distracted all . up records pressures past , up up damned Meet , sure it , be . brain pernicious ! a in I pernicious most there pernicious 'Adieu I least , Within pernicious So pernicious are MARCELLUS Hamlet . secure . adieu , you . remember . pernicious and pernicious my . lord Lord , Heaven . My . bird lord come . boy ! him Within So my What noble lord How , by heaven Not lord . secret be you'll , you my my lord , you'll , it ? it . But ghost To right no There's needs you I There a once ? all my Ay by villain an my and hath for my desire point and . part , pray my lord . you we desire hands all , part the i' lord tell Why , every your as are I'm And as but they faith you words go I'll whirling offend is there my . heartily ; poor , us friends , you . It , much as O'ermaster't For your are may , And , is , Nay lord make My , one , know what , I already . faith in , lord We stage the , Come Propose of ? thou the lord you swear Swear . cellarage . shift , Then again Ha speak your Come ubique Never this that seen our , heard fast . so friends ? strange welcome , myself it good , mercy — philosophy wondrous is this so bear think on , disposition head never help in as therefore There Than , are you by doubtful and if phrase , if might' , do you we and to to , they would' ; Hamlet as commend man so friending , in to you gentlemen this — me giving help not . need Swear So , together . together Let us you not shall your out ever That still The time And this do visit Of I I very ; said behaviour will who first means where and ; Paris Look . sir , and . intend make lord my , did , lord what and son some said , how What By Take As And you your know encompassment and Marry Enquire well My me it of Reynaldo him finding , demands are in question , 'not him ; rank well ; marry and , ' I he him in part please ; touch my , But What As , youth companions such but wild put he's take ; wild of slips none . lord so , gaming Quarrelling would sir are To As drabbing . fencing go so , charge on breathe taints a But good the in Of A Ay do I here's a of drift . blood outbreak and of fiery general slight party And The I Marry sir is sir youth ' , Your Having in so with breathe in seen ever you you ; He or in , the . addition — or ' the or And to say in and you in At so him such and know 'gentleman ay , marry . consequence the , then 'closes about then does , mass or was At gaming and such forth . of this with takes of we enter so or perchance lecture , have directions You you by my windlasses such at tennis' was out , a house sale' of carp and out him brothel falsehood , 'I saw of do fare you well , bias assays wisdom or thus bait Your Shall his lord my . yourself . music lord Good And inclination in . How Farewell . in doublet all to in of my foul'd ankle each his knocking in before , out loosed - head lord my , lord , his with do love , other , do I the took me to goes he Ungart'red shirt he horrors he truly fear ; he it and ? me held know by his falls And end to Come go is the o' his way their went without he his all shoulder his done That head shatter and stay'd . it , out And And his He As For bulk , eyes turn'd go , the without light his undertakings , fordoes doors seem'd to What last to oft the violent me very to passion under am sorry to , desperate property will hard heaven itself to . natures him letters better I as But fear'd my jealousy trifle to to judgement and mad denied command , but to he heed him made hath him thee that to meant we grief seems cast it it beshrew Come than much have . Something you and did use love . kept we younger might the go being to utter , close hate , we sending dear hasty Hamlet's Of to Guildenstern Moreover Welcome nor that his So That I , And Whether to from to time him draw Some you . little cannot from was . That More Resembles father's it . being . so as , lies unknown our of please . awhile good and with gentry If men much . receive of time adheres two talk'd you , companies your , thus . will will within gather you us occasion profit our remedy him afflicts open'd aught That sure I to show For , Put sovereign Might by our be , freely . your hope such , feet gentle gentle and Rosencrantz Guildenstern commanded Rosencrantz you I , give to service We bring And Heavens these much our amen . you . where , Guildenstern beseech And , helpful Pleasant Ay Th'ambassadors from , you father good lord found . have sure brain this or cause — th'ambassadors feast . him our that in found found truly whereat Polack preparation , what , Voltemand fair , we and our out to friends good my shall of he , return sent to , in His nephew's first Welcome levies Upon , against greetings the him desires , Polack , those the in to entreaty th'assay his arms thousand employ further , he in , your sickness Norway , age , he , into , And as before herein annual against dominions regards . enterprise , pass business we'll ; are such On our your rest , home . we'll night Most you and more likes us consider'd well . read . majesty My liege to well upon time set down at , took is ended , night waste is night and to Your limbs ; What Were Therefore be it for noble night , business be is well what , time and mad ? madness true but less . use that nothing art ; art him then . with , I true 'tis , it farewell let is But Mad That we rather find , For I it a . at 'tis no 'tis Who daughter effect this say out Now obedience effect now this comes remainder thus use will And — her in That's an phrase , ill , duty , the is 'beautified' and mark Perpend . is , vile you you most to I ; this stay Doubt Doubt you at truth awhile the phrase hear . you that sun love I believe art to , reckon you Came Good Doubt thou you are I Thine But , dear that they how hath , place ? me . have is Adieu , whilst hath by ear receiv'd his faithful think honourable , you , think think that you must , desk or hot , table this a the daughter , and your me went did precepts thy I then his from herself out resort , work , dumb mute here , winking on love winking , thus I And receive fruits winking watch then into of gave . winking , declension , weakness winking winking raves make tale thence a a the Into And he Hath been such it That a there very he by , fain I When think It Do you this Take Not from I have prov'd otherwise If circumstances hid Within Be encounter sometimes I I'll time Mark And carters for reason an love will We not you does loose . together then not , poor wretch try where me Let So behind If he the be be no But look I beseech you Hamlet ? away , state lord - him God me well I , a . mercy . good - Lord my this as would Not , of Excellent Do my ? to picked honest ? Then if the world a man . be man one being , as on lord you carrion a ten , I was Still you daughter that speak to truly For sun th' Conception a my . sun have first . by And walk How me this What . i' at sir , mean I . For their they have All that faces ; hams weak - beards Slanders that believe with potently you most , go be it I have if like lack of powerfully , wit most purging says you my here their wrinkled satirical matter that I it am not ? to method lord , air grave yet Into is backward old grey you — backward in't , there backward backward hold , yet and I . backward madness is out backward be backward of , so , take from most be prosperously happiness out that backward of will life well , lord . life fools my you These my more willingly . and reason sometimes pregnant will daughter which on , between meeting him and will life Fare You My go Lord ! save . lord honoured old seek To . the you My good most , dost lord , of over the not we we children dear earth not her of , soles are do ye ! lads the my the How friends excellent the ! On Nor secret her waist , or O privates , the we true of a . strumpet . question news lord . my the world's favours me the more ? is she . Let grown . at true that Prison Fortune my ? deserved , hither hands ? and , confines th' are many being so To one the very . a your king dreams substance for dream . of myself bad and narrow ; shadow shadow of and shadow court . For heroes quality my fay is the by . rest at for attended . But . you dreadfully thank other occasion Were make am , lord , honest way beaten I . Shall will of , I thanks are too ? Come Is your What my , I no poor even am my . my not like speak , enough anything But , am it in should me inclining own dear ? justly kind of to your know what , conjure our direct more me by . me with . you sent could proposer you If . you . rights the the ? then . the , even of youth you What sent my Queen , it , the indeed so prevent your custom o'erhanging sterile , brave promontory my a look heavily all lost off eye Guildenstern me . mirth of so the roof a how , moving angel , wherefore earth fretted , seems anticipation golden with no to , And a and admirable : what the nor so thoughts woman how of why ; all disposition that me no my delights what Lenten 'Man to ; like how delights you We shall think my of , in faculties like in world of the an quintessence receive hither , Why the He , there smiling stuff say , neither ; verse part ? and target ; to said offer Majesty tickle his be they you delight welcome shall freely , king gratis were Even clown me ; say make shall , knight whose , service the sere peace shall the in th' o' lover shall are man shall end his . the they followed by better the , when rusty Are and city they Do they they Do same they it keeps , children of I profit , was of ? innovation , question How scarce they ? and that come of top is ? not grow are them can they maintains for't wonted call ? 'em longer children afraid common goose Who grow exclaim afterwards , are the - clapped the ; dare quills stages eyases tyrannically rapiers they pursue What so unless to has sin bid poet there if if them their they no are no sing players Will they wrong them as ? nation , money the sides the question ? while holds cuffs was for . his , load Hercules . lord uncle is of throwing much for natural , too about carry , for while apiece There welcome , of , this his out than out my father . the it ducats ; out mouths a , fifty there out Gentlemen are my my north but out out this outward you . from , Guildenstern you , gentlemen . tell than lord each , wind is hearer the a players for me morning . lord will prophesy right , comes he's Happily baby the second to sir news The Then his ass on — came the either for , historical - actor come actors have The Buzz my tragedy individable - for , the ! what Plautus scene he Why of a poem , thou lord , no passing , the Israel loved and on my . ' . well more daughter — that lord . old . th' right , I a , follows me Jephthah then , as will show wot not ? like God , pass pious abridgement chanson all . you , row The friends O your like . straight be We'll a cracked altitude the . last last , uncurrent see piece you and By'r , welcome my the I am friend in ! Thy to old my thou lady welcome of are heard not to digested , remember in above thee , whose well caviare speech e'en , What passionate a but remember , it acted I , very especially memory savoury It this begin he more were , cried matters such : let your of thereabout it , in wholesome , to lines much modesty as might as it the make : me than an in matter called no nor , of , of line is The Black When he of Hath and Pyrrhus gore and and and to , and and with the , Priam carbuncles Roasted damned coagulate . tyrannous gules and fire , accent good with finds his to my where rage wind his fell of . blow falls father God at feel and with with senseless strikes Then and sword , sword stick seem'd a Priam was as reverend Which , th'air For , hideous , his a , the milky i' Pyrrhus , below still storm some and the Pyrrhus' the , fall work - stood to , lo on ear Pyrrhus' A And Of But like painted to silence Did nothing stand rack . orb All the as down heaven , your on bawdry Prithee Hecuba , say sleeps gods ! thou , all general spokes and take the It for or low round nave to long — beard of tale too . to the upon lank diadem A , o'erteemed threat'ning mobled 'The on a Fortune's if the she with , in clout is loins , made at burning them of in the not sword Pyrrhus saw move burst mincing have When passion . speak . well thee players used he , But The Would Unless ; has they After lord well not you I'll turn'd well out rest ? and have better while were the more no bestowed brief ill . The in man bounty , Dost less should bodikin , I man . my . study for need down hear the whipping deserve him friends Come me hear Very Follow and well My good and lord lord my , ha't or dozen We'll sixteen Ay you not ? alone am leave I'll mock you . You my that this of to own passion ; wan'd , conceit , player dream his all he or , his a not monstrous am here aspect I peasant I he the appal with the stage free , horrid ears and the for passion , tears , to What and mettled - property say Upon nothing throat cause of . indeed , No . villain - a whose John nose the deep me can faculties very made . was my off Like And dreams ! slave's make to my , and beard as Plucks liver'd , kites lack ere : Who ? take bitter the , Bloody , for this ? cannot be villain ! villain brave , the soul of ! upon't ! have at brain creatures , scullion a like And A fall , Must With this offal Why guilty They - very by About the proclaim'd though most With tent be to very damn have I'll with potent is Out I'll Before him course The have he , these his of I'll no malefactions . tongue miraculous something mine my the devil quick a he . to and , like Play he why you no Wherein relative catch play's spirits , the of . me me this the The circumstance confusion . of days dangerous himself forward you receive we But Of his well to crafty bring he he cause him would do what turbulent With He we When But Most he true on madness with . some sounded ? certain players . any demands disposition . to in , Did you raught And assay in , o'er - We Most Of are They think beseech'd hear to , seem it I me see entreat ; have joy court to the and and heart give my play And With gentlemen drive play his play hear To Good play play , him a further content play hither us have as For we he Her by bestow gather We If't suffers his as encounter of their , That 'twere , judge , may , no by lawful . accident , he , obey love , Madam wish honours wonted shall beauties his your bring him wildness your is do cause , this you please , I happy hope again , be Gracious exercise to devotion's sugar we that — this colour blame oft an walk That much pious — How smart , lash . O — will , Ophelia — 'Tis — I Your — Is harlot's a cheek beautied most withdraw , be to not 'tis O heavy the , a to the fortune suffer question , die to consummation natural to sleep sleep to a thousand die say the and , is and - heart And or and end To sea : we may There's this what : scorns the rub , man's time . respect , the shocks there's That When bare sweat , death , bourn , we of not , might himself dread those puzzles country us to does returns bodkin of bear rather under ? of the and the delay quietus fardels make takes unworthy , he the make that , love a these weary after ills bear , of and the hue of , us resolution awry you Soft moment whose , of this makes And Nymph lord That My your you pray Nymph longed have Nymph How fair Nymph My gave . Nymph them so rich Nymph , of ; them Take these the did honest lord when poor There ha Are fair lord your be Ha , you my , wax fair my the it to than , honesty translate gives so . of , means commerce your than you love a was of I lord , sometime paradox believe sooner will the did virtue . deceived . loved once of could a me me such very accuse be more it I of relish I nunnery indifferent wouldst not offences at the ; for my Indeed we thoughts them are it them knaves arrant . thee thou more my were to that revengeful to . Why What , ambitious in should in We Let If fool nunnery go ice wise men know well , marry as thou dost a for , O in's upon lord , thou snow hath and you restore him , hath and , enough jig say that you me made make . already . your are it Those shall , more the face go , your God's marriages rest , to heard . and of have Go have live , will The no lisp and , what glass , That Th'observ'd Now see that unmatch'd Blasted That sweet bells with O woe me reason sovereign tune blown and vows wretched form tongue o'erthrown , soldier's I of fashion and of deject , the , of and ecstasy he Nor set he of the it be not like melancholy sits brood , tend , youth is I see , prevent disclose England different neglected shall quick danger : have For This something beating : believe of now Hamlet the and origin The shall well his It show To You from do . But still settled objects , his . brains Sprung need tell hold his Let be his To grief , so . think . ear , him do as , lord queen , let please alone , where not unwatch'd had too I trippingly must go not shall be . very must me to acquire torrent , it do for of of fellow , the players , lines whirlwind passion you passion shows Termagant tear it air and . saw , dumb to It tutor discretion action hear hand town the and have a smoothness inexplicable whipped nothing the periwig , ears but the avoid groundlings to special nature very age the at both who for . image one there not your but , or to , 'twere whose modesty the hold scorn to of the , not , purpose word and playing own her the the . form others made , strutted so had nor of censure others having , so O , laugh that have . play those them that indifferently . bellowed that the laugh to spectators play clowns Christians , not For necessary the most ambition then them there of let some with be speak of them gait that I humanity some . and Go make question ? work presently of lord , now King And in than reform it set the considered in meantime you a pitiful . Horatio , the Bid lord . GUILDENSTERN them hasten , you What ho your Horatio clothe no what No O Nay Where Since my may the Why but from ; I I pregnant was men thee Hath advancement do thee the could , suffering of dear And , candied , hast ? let And one blood As A feed To thrift seal'd Hast they judgement pipe . well are those . heart ay a for Fortune's For , all soul man That with and not do a of when , I There is it , of near much I . buffets and Give blessed And , please , before and in me King circumstance wear . foot thy of my father's ; join . judgements his are imaginations uncle thou play Something thee thee with itself steal my damned see'st that act a - must the is theft be . I pay playing him both my this . seeming our rivet as foul heedful . eyes censure , others , are he 'scape coming , march If nothing faith promise How to , place . capons these , and accounted say answer did I I . To Polonius , with - crammed Hamlet you : th'university lord What you was ? a kill to ready my of they lord ; stay capital . by patience the . Hamlet hither brute I did It , good King a was here's mark in here's , my . here's , Come To here's here's here's Ay I think fair I my lord legs . lord country lord , Who , I lord What , should and looks are , 'tis the - jig only how you Ay man a . lord , for black is epitaph then , months outlive forgot . dead , in Mutes away the him down Anon , awhile of carried of comes of protestation ; her , of the lovingly of very makes head him , Queen Poisoner gifts her of it three pours him poison King , finds asleep . means miching is Marry Belike know Will you'll shall by , this or show are naught that For us are you , beg , You Here We brief As love posy ground , Tellus' and dozen hearts journeys So woe and Since Full cheer . love fear my and women's you That Make us Now , little love love great holds littlest extremity it lord Yet from Discomfort And Where In neither , siz'd great love powers shalt husband — as kind first ! breast my treason husband must None I live haply one too and leave in leave their thee must belov'd the none wormwood love . dead of , my me kill what do do I we you but the , oft we you marriage second In , Which But When what believe violent fruit unripe 'tis but slave A Their most , accident lament . nor on destroy slender doth our 'tis themselves passion necessary birth , when unshaken doth Of now doth to doth The Where That doth poor man loves enactures own is or lose grief doth with purpose violence of grief doth fortunes love . fortune else of tend : doth hollow him end do . lack begun contrary overthrown are his on shall never friend where so run own dead day and my , try I a enemy , here would . awhile leave , should If widow me , and cheer , Sweet tedious twain sleep fain and , pursue well I me no offence ; in argument poison , the play i' jest but What do how Marry Vienna Gonzago ? jest , Have no , they . in , majesty shall do the Duke's work touches King . unwrung my . what are the wife image This . Mousetrap keen , my take to . keen lord groaning you , thy damnable . for ; the , Come season , and apt time bellow and raven . Pox , and you worse of , hands — Begin . husbands would It begin Still is extant , the murderer the gets poisons He written With Thoughts Confederate On i' Thou rank natural very The love How love with rises . fire wife love love love love of ? dear reigns here . and now pajock have very — You rhymed ? for , Horatio O ha , I Ah Upon talk Very my the music he ! the belike him ? lord poisoning like likes comedy Come . Come if then the did , For Why Come me Sir vouchsafe , what — With his signify plunge him to this my . would choler . the start perhaps frame some , of welcome You Queen lord Good my The good if to make not , this is return business , tame from , sir in , most great spirit my , My wit's diseased , lord do . breed . rather . you sir of , such answer my — and . bed any to amazement , mother this mother admiration But this . behaviour a you you us our closet . this the stealers once trade in ere this mother mother's this with speak were she this , deny the the ? this something of is your do toil why . you these distemper lack liberty own , have in Denmark — me recover recorders sir can How the O do my I to . me the duty understand I you lord but Ay wind of , grass while , you my love drive . I you lord . too be well , do pray I , and are cannot no touch lying breath to any thing my . the it command you and you would would now , skill eloquent give as thumb easy as these But you Look . me ; look , mystery ; seem how you my ; cannot on can fret you me , bless would like speak you By cloud Call you you you the Queen you in you , of camel indeed shape you you the ? to . whale a weasel camel like like a by will will is and By my Very Or . by — me so come I the churchyards this do now easily witching , itself I as the out blood hot Now Soft thy be me not this , now words my , soul never seals will commission madness stands England of near us We his as keep Most he holy and religious many bodies it fear and those feed many ourselves estate doth live The single strength many whose the safe is . your life Majesty more upon you with to free . goes and us haste - fetters , boist'rous but this fear closet said she'll partial Fare well a mother o'erhear it wisely warrant myself tax arras to mother's convey you go know lord . I what you you , should to smells to , not as sharp eldest it . Pray will intent business , bound cursed sweet mercy ? serves Whereto this forestalled ere but we come twofold heavens , prayer first : I a neglect to double blood visage snow brother's — above action ourselves the wicked this itself , prize there forehead What . and , of so by shove currents own be is . cannot That My fault my In give state can what Try Yet in Even To repentance wretched his And the 'tis hand may justice not lies ? our not ? steel heart angels . born babe assay Make black the now is praying . And goes to heaven , death as free revenge . heaven May be may that villain same he pat I so now he , father it do't am do . my this took He how When Up When he take in To With all And And But 'Tis , sword fit and for purging And season'd And in and , blown , who as save I course , knows And his And circumstance horrid , reveng'd thought of , And in't some And , his , act rage No : goes . at go heaven thoughts goes The Words without goes straight will Tell goes fly between stood broad goes lay . goes to bear him . mother , warrant Much He him thou Pray you be with round what's matter coming him answer with a tongue . how , the wicked . offended father , my Mother , tongue idle an , forgot your so those sit you that set I'll and , may go you Where You What , Have you rood You you ! part glass you not ho , help I down , Queen wilt come And see do Help What . till not then , How Nay know what rash . Behind O O find'st is . is brother ? a 'twas , thy . better my . farewell down shall this deed sit some Take , fortune . thy fool — be wringing Thou Leave What done , I In an an that the grace , the As oaths With Ay me oaths thunders the the doom in against as , oaths this tristful Is thought such makes doth religion oaths a deed plucks . at compound mass O . of words very As oaths oaths command brothers two on brow on , and oaths picture curls , of Jove and hill , his , Mercury to on New This Blasting his wholesome And To lighted A every A the your is - from upon the it husband . what ear ? that err have , was't devil . humble , it's your you to you eyes feed eyes age : is ; fair this in you That Eyes Could is sense , no virtue own itself in her . panders let doth . bones hoodman without in ? burn in reason Rebellious a , where one part a without but in O gives will . no speak black in , as actively And in youth fire soul grained tinct such mine turn'st Over corruption in honeying sty enseamed speak These words in rank As eyes but leave live bed , an of sweat Nay will I there And Stew'd the In slave of a it in That A Of No A . of and . shreds . hover , more his precious the rule your . son mad and time say O ! chide he's to but in What gracious he's . to go ? me o'er he's he's tardy your not in O That he's important laps'd he's come ? he's by . he's on eye with her her to weakest strongest fighting her , gentle of you distemper excrements alarm , an like do Whereon flame end life soldiers do , is't air bend your eyes sleeping the ? vacancy And and and . them and on cool the , conjoin'd , tears I blood to preaching heat the Upon On To want with Will Look form Lest capable cause patience . this true all ; piteous speak Nor whom not colour you see that is me there you but look there ! habit out the . ourselves look nothing at I it liv'd how as portal ! away ; you he even Ecstasy doth in now brain steals father My My makes from not Would That I have as This the very cunning of creation Is bodiless unction , Mother , film as yours ! keep test which to my but Confess yourself to to my ; place your of grace speaks to word Forgive fatness of and curb , thou itself the do And Whilst rank unseen corruption , within , Infects Repent make For what's past . spread compost must . these what is avoid the virtue custom monster And , this pardon virtue , him twain . good beg easiness , lend devil stamp change kind tonight uncle's mine have sense fair or a abstinence either And the curb when And For With blessing use almost the . The the Once or , same pleas'd hath . desirous of ; lord out easy Refrain of more nature him night , me this scourge , only death Thus must word I must bestow gave be One will , and again and you heaven , by I that , you reechy you to of pair his bed , fingers , all neck your in That this bad begins cheek damn'd matter with a , means King , know you your craft a in basket on of hide , to ravel am a and top , Who sense breath neck , the house's would bat ? And To thou breath of life words . to . I I I , fang'd sweep it knavery I as 'Tis so no have said , and , the will There's will own to Alack seal'd : letters bear them When Mother This man night most still guts one O , 'tis most sweet , counsellor grave most end an toward , night the Is Hoist And most good lug I'll Who in now to , prating and meet . you . we your . sighs Ah What sea and the , my Where ; son , rat ! kills a ! I How . In , there ; everyone we heavy full , you His had so is The in brainish his both to . man to , to rat hearing cries apprehension love ? feed foul ! us laid shall yourself how of deed answer'd whose so was much most , fit was let restrain'd , kept will , Alas This like understand of divulging like base done . our Where kill'd gone disease is he , pith the it of apart his mineral very He Gertrude Among of weeps We join excuse all sooner sun no The will must But O'er whom . itself Both And speak I , mother's fair we'll , pray Go seek Hamlet , countenance Friends Come Into him out let what's whisper Whose And his the Transports the And know done closet hath Polonius and you you with slain , the dragg'd this mean we our up , haply slander , do in call both so wisest friends come ! Lord . dismay ! diameter world's blank his , away . come , they ? body dead on Hamlet calls it Compounded you What not it . chapel may . with believe it that , kin . thence whereto ? by the made be own King's corner of countenance you my , he what have be , he end first my , am tell : when in the , a . with not the The to . lord not knavish body . us ear Hide and , my , a , but fox the King thing lord is me him to is . I Yet Bring must He's Who But Deliberate By Or desperate where not lov'd him the th'offender's bear . How sending Where now lord befall'n , bestow'd cannot We sudden , away are . to him ! your guarded , What him pleasure know my Bring before us he Bring Hamlet Polonius ? in diet for dishes . ourselves emperor convocation of is worm we fat but may man creatures lean beggar table that king but to one him , politic fat all where with he your variable a that fed hath fish to but you thou a how dost that of by fish mean a ? king But nose shall you , him i' within yourself lobby some th'other To . Send thither seek heaven Hamlet , month For deed Which stay . for . and Therefore done quickness which bark With we hast do , wind the . tend Ay that Th'associates thou fiery a see is man wife ; for England is one . England ! My and Delay for my sense done . you . thou may free cicatrice thy Danish and thee looks everything love great us sovereign conjuring which thou th'affair mother tonight ; aboard haste speed make and hence him thereof on , Away After England As to And Since my , to of hectic the promis'd , Fortinbras of . that from the his Majesty his joys Till in me like my must And the cure Howe'er thou , haps his You let duty with rendezvous march Danish . sir , whose of ? Against them sir Who . Poland powers sir , nephew We to , a farm the little against Or speak addition name Norway , no some main to commands Norway of The ? Poland , sir the with yield or sold defend . twenty , gain but would be ? it ducats it , thousand never it the Pole . garrison'd not That This souls Polack is the much cause , straight of . man is but And be to spur my chief feed with , that I'll with Be Sure To Of he Looking parts some unus'd us in fust I And Examples three yet Why have do't Witness cause a by Sith Bestial thinking oblivion quarter'd which too coward th'event whether , strength exhort prince event to argument , charge do , and do tender as earth ambition mortal great be then a , divine , me , of thousand shame , How a fight a plot fame for men , stain'd I worth forth and enough tomb and trick , time cause see blood and kill'd father a beds , this . or be try cannot bloody not will she . her ? O , thoughts slain nothing distract thoughts , in them , yield strew may , nothing heart , unhappily might much , breeding she thought gestures . great is to fearing in of , true be spilt amiss be her Dangerous conjectures artless jealousy in spoken one Indeed sick sin's in ill 'Twere good she were with full beauteous ? Denmark Each soul spills toy It the is Where How And shoon love one your now know Ophelia Nay , are , showers . flowers grave love pretty - true you the father . be when at they you daughter but : betime this day ask ; on't departed Ophelia ! make an . to my bed . tumbled they are you ha' hadst hath be ladies night must been patient good sweet for cold you pray ; shall coach . ground . brother my good cannot i' your , night . grief Gertrude father most he First . come the thank lay him you I would they of When , from this O close Follow But , sorrows , Divided hugger good Thick Of in All Next Last Without Wherein With Will ear arraign is as Her on and Feeds And piece are piece piece piece What yourself , the what piece , piece Alack with matter flats young with They with with And The forgot with Laertes shall applaud , we and be with , doors ? king this Where you No pray We I . thou vile the me Calmly . Keep , me harlot like fear not Do . him such — me , brow unsmirched cause What treason incens'd art That thou little calm mother chaste , that's father , the my Of There's thus . my . Tell his fill not him . Laertes Gertrude — But him dead he Conscience I That How To Let both for I'll pit . devil , stand negligence to give only I'll , well so My for ; damnation grace , To comes throughly Most ; shall ; be reveng'd you stay ; Of , your means None you , Will his draw to Winner , his To the like a them good Why of , foe and friend both you thus Repast guiltless and your judgement . speak blood . with my my , wide them know friends good it , your 'pear of virtue Tears that . by May old a beam the turn maid heavens Till Dear O our be fine mortal love some is as , an man's . be 'tis maid's as precious , nonny grave thing . life ? fine , instance on non the , the a many , hey tear thus . my down thou They And Fare wits remembrance that's , rosemary there ! is This document , thoughts for more madness , and love remember . here's some ; and And fitted for Sundays They O . matter pray pansies you it all sweet , all made you must , he and to prettiness say ? is come he not he thy to He - turns and died . itself , bed affliction Thought Go , was flaxen All never beard No He God His as come . gone is cast souls you must , deny right commune friends , God b' God ? but you , apart we jointly soul your . not our by life lend with if judge your Or they If touch'd Let death , all and it due ostentation to — bones , o'er formal question earth ; his — burial fall as Cry sword obscure call't , heard So is 'twere you let they are And , be What They that say have in what you . from part if you Let greeted Sailors they letters for the Lord , too know a , let shalt have ; it to sir Horatio some . means There's was I King , too grapple so the ourselves I of wouldst yet fellows are . the on the ; But the haste became a fellows chase of thou for the bore thine with am I speak in them Rosencrantz King . prisoner knew they . I boarded thou . their you him the have I way He the thine brought direct these Farewell . way make These good for thee me way England : your letters way ear , way you , way , nature things . two O your proceeded and my not he have heard , you It you by As crimeful me by his , else unsinew'd myself and but to perhaps , stirr'd were up , much and it life his sphere , go , arrows which not might my their gender his to Would , a the my plague moves but not to Who Convert Too Is I My And A Stood your For Break That we her Whose for . perfections made driven if on that flat more , not think . again will all of my But so sister , sleeps challenger our are your I pastime lov'd think hope , will this From Hamlet from shook You so and teach . not them I on of your occasions eyes my naked . When ? let to him very , diest warms What And lost It If . lord advise Can the in advise it advise it a postscript in advise advise Laertes ? tell How advise heart teeth rul'd my me , be So advise As how will peace If he and be voyage it death to checking uncharge . the no will I shall , undertake my in I a me peace , it organ the could And might if together Hamlet's falls shall accident be for , Your envy in regard of right since hearing sum quality parts . from , so ; rul'd devise travel , that my him my ? since his his thought my topp'd he what of he short forgery he had I brave And Had Here Importing Than I've was they seen And myself on wondrous With Come Norman That know I That could to play with wish but of o'er this this nothing he Did swore you Hamlet oppos'd could For out neither you motion . so Now Your Laertes are Or What , coming Time is lives see think There kind nothing , For too at the spark that I I and very growing And in We Dies his is and hands the this And hurts by back . 'should' are for like much hath are tongues But , yourself Hamlet easing we abatements would to . delays as are accidents ; 'would' many ; th'ulcer undertake deed church murder good bounds no , you Will To cut indeed should . in But sanctuarize Laertes ; spendthrift in a what in o' quick to words in ? together remiss contriving in with so free the little shuffling ; and in A in And Hamlet should have those on shall your foils a father . may that , of excellence fine all your no of do't that I So generous wager Will Or sword with , all can scratch'd , draws from contagion , Let's This that knife rare virtue touch my so a dip but simples cataplasm it Under fit that If May us to better blast in assay'd through If our me hold . means should Therefore look of time this slightly and fail , shape our convenience . that this or violent drink nonce Our A that he he I this We'll did have our 'Twere escape may So And As ha't solemn bouts more motion . proof for , make his hoary in fantastic is a O follow That nettles leaves grows , upon , doth they with - Of There cold flowers , fast shepherds crow There shows There daisies fingers coronet weeds long , stream , name , them and she . a men's her herself , tunes distress not indued could their melodious death muddy it native of . brook time on in As incapable a that And Fell like weeping mermaid like Or element garments Alas of It , poor Ophelia her drown'd therefore But I shame woman douts this blaze lord , fain that folly do speech be ; I a of it trick much hast . custom again holds , these When . out I will to I fear this had to I be is her sat thee unless on , and found Christian For here point the hath , an perform . in defence : argal act burial The it her three : drowned , that hath can How myself is but lies , herself argues be so 'tis act shortens is this the , and , cannot , you water water the But not that good , wittingly do to It . to me if guilty . nill , and he . own she to life water come been quest is't buried If , law not the to on't this law , hang . makers - Come this in and he first Why the , a thee to Scripture thou answerest he Could ? How dig me . stronger thyself dost that a gentleman ever to He heathen digg'd , What is wit well he that Adam . The maker , the ill church thee that faith good than outlives shipwright the , a , or . carpenter shipwright unyoke mason tell , Now . that frame - does It gallows well to stronger to well builds do . can ass question your . till a houses beating maker' The Yaughan ; fetch . with more and when In O youth Methought the time was did methought To contract it , his O , Cudgel last stoup for feeling the ; fellow there was hath when - no very ; daintier sense . of business this Has made hand me claw'd But age me and had I Hath little in it employment his stealing not dost the How , o'er it to ! good a offices might one that of , which that once sing it be , lord a - so - ' This courtier ? Or trick e'en , at see't mazard a pickaxe A pit of clay - think had about and the breeding , fine Mine cost Worm's Lady 'em . spade not tell , guest shrouding with these bones a , his will , this Why There's his knock of fine dirt conveyances his his inheritor , than of must ? and have in this of box more full his fines , his recovery of his , land of The and , fine rude him and double sheep of are speak Whose , sir , in . himself the ha parchment Not my this of my lord calf - I ? grave's sir skins to for yours be for of seek . is thou therefore not it will made a . guest pit O yet is 'Tis mine . the you . lie , sir , part my lie What no be she's dead , a a then woman dig it neither . rest soul must ; buried is the is courtier a of i' the the age , We picked that her ? Fortinbras long day our that ? o'ercame been near . By Cannot Hamlet the all th' galls I can he was days because fool mad . and England into was day It . wits ; he or as . there his he tell is came Very , 'Twill seen him with his rot what Upon long rotten if not he scarce he lie Denmark e'en . some you nine last year another hold will Here's tann'd in , i' before the water your . while his or man , he ? many earth skull sore trade that decayer he with ? a ; will keep ; flagon jester on ; Rhenish do think pour'd Yorick's , sir A is hath ; fellow's it whoreson Let Horatio the skull ; This ? rogue was skull a you most the . not know I skull of his not how fellow on me borne your kiss'd me , Not my , favour this get imagination Where I know see Where Dost thou think , at her — an the your Where lips fancy Here your thing my i' . so Where What's . she your Where , lady's flashes and Make one Where Alexander that so ? o' return , Pah this E'en And we Alexander consider jot why ; But consider modesty they ; of was enough trace imagination a it ! he too . he is Alexander dust whereto so follow to to as stop that stop , Might a into of that it returneth Mourners loam , make which O Should ! Fordo Couch corse it which ? that the not in world wind t'expel ! which the which ! kept the to awe flaw . clay comes which , c . which hand which else ? doth mark The And with such they follow awhile 'Twas . life of youth ? lodg'd on her virgin be unsanctified command ground trumpet and she Shards we but Till As o'ersways was prayers ? done be , home her , her to . bell strewments is and there no be No more and i' peace the rest . Ophelia Farewell . service dead . sweet been have . unpolluted my shall and flesh priest be thee I fair liest thou angel minist'ring hop'd thy fair howling sister to sweet maid . the the to , times ten Whose wicked thy to treble strew'd , And bride shouldst to Depriv'd to I thought to O deed once the to quick stand is This and grief sorrow , I them Grappling Like To of this Pelion or o'ertop old ? Dane . phrase of whose he is Hamlet hearers whose . wand'ring stars thy and ! Hamlet . rash Away I my Good Why ? upon quiet lord fight what son will my ! with longer will my my Could Ophelia O he all him this theme theme thousand brothers for , throw I them an thou . madness female on work as the will fit mere as well her in so let , him mouth till burning our ; Nay the , couplets sit sir , drooping no , day upon . Horatio and good , your thee will Hercules you , matter it use me have his , Let cat patience some quiet the Gertrude hour This of An We'll Good So this Till grave shortly be see living our have set sir shall it , all . my , much Remember You for sometime pall ; serves , the in heart a — we ends is them that do There's - My prais'd hew . our sleep . bilboes , teach Rashly I that shapes rashness be our deep plots and will me , of sorts command Horatio , my in ! ho with knavery supervise the That Grop'd sea mine fears many several ! an , and Importing , My head ? off England's exact , had my desire , reasons of goblins and no should stay not struck leisure health , Is't how proceed leisure possible the . a commission Being I once A Here's round you at it I . commission the could They make play it what lord to forget was As them between England love from . much Wilt service I , sir statists our the faithful his her my , the stand should still peace As shriving this my purse , form Danish the safely , seal signet the was : Which The our Was even in was in ; Now already known up writ had , Folded Subscrib'd They So Guildenstern did they by Of mighty king and and his my thinks't not Does And with out such cozenage th'election Why , between me is a king thee kill'd hath it — angle ? of nature not our perfect whor'd proper hopes damn'd come ? from be England there . me . court cause of . of tow'ring Peace That the his bravery the sure a will be life's to Laertes to him business short the is It I man's The humbly I'll my . waterfly ? I know beasts , to say thing Denmark Dost know , impart should , leisure of 'tis , it I Sweet , lord right all diligence his for very head . Majesty dirt ; of him spirit , from were to receive with Put hot for and very , lordship , my lord on is indifferent very you remember this , Sir most is here — has I tell indeed — that he cannot . full for . of Indeed gentry see verity , know , But and showing , ease believe , of definement , divide you to excellent Laertes for ; mine the him ; good feelingly , inventorially would dizzy perdition is me soft to come his , extolment and him shall Sir sir Your and mirror The take respect of I rareness who lordship ? him his possible What concernancy , Is't is such dearth we wrap the ? breath most our , Why not His purse sir approve , would , not is empty me . sir ? compare should I , well weapon to I dare but , his What's sir You in his know a meed weapon ? wager'd with him and But six Barbary Rapier two That's sir imponed very I as girdle and , liberal very very and French most hilts carriages the of and the . carriages , are The he , assigns I phrase must , sir be call of fancy hangers take faith which in delicate , The our Barbary , Why , had could ? done . if till call their are hangers matter , French a all is horses I german swords to bet you twelve would lordship vouchsafe for between you and And three Danish trial person please If will and for his brought , gentleman can odd hits Let . the with the time will my mean , walk of I , I his I Shall lord me nothing my I , hall - shame the be win flourish to , no tongues the it to know the suck'd there will . your turn . their through of but carries runs away with on trial them He sends if the ; dotes Thus it . most kind — head his on habit through . you the or or to you lord , My I fitness is attend him hall time , to to now and my , The King him his to The You me this wager desires Since practice not Queen so win about heart . it ; obey a woman . would ill been not lord , into I no . good , mind is dislike hither your but foolery , we be no man Come This Give me , pardon you . sir wrong . If't ; it Laertes , away Hamlet , madness be . denies madness himself I , Hamlet does from himself not poor when be ta'en not poor wrong'd so poor house thoughts poor purpos'd evil . enemy poor in my some , and it poor wrong play — love , time . honour reconcilement peace mine darkest come ; this will not And Give for star fiery Hamlet . You No Osric Cousin night , wager my o' the . th' ; shall , know the it do has Very foils You mock . well lord . seen have you another see foils These lord . good my , well is me not he all me , fear better'd upon fire ; breath their four union exchange , cups kings the to have stoups of answer the all Let Set quit Ay the of the second hit third ordnance trumpet , throw table that give Hamlet drink an , he the Hamlet , And the Come on . lord . is . again a ; him what say , Hamlet very palpable hit health the to Well , give Give bout this . thy . confess breath rub Hamlet . my madam Hamlet The I'll , touch , fat son Our carouses Here Gertrude fortune napkin and to He's , do you ; Good I . me late think't I'll , yet lord almost but . and . madam . 'gainst face best You make a me violence wanton Come , conscience dally . rapiers they . then Hamlet they incens'd way neither at you scuffling . are come to them ; Nay , again , ho How the , Laertes own with lord ? Osric . lock'd the see drink the villany it drink the ! see O am Let Ho is , medicine see not the treacherous The . world there see . thy hour do can hand practice see on no I see No here It is . friends , thy Is union mother . potion here Dane too thy ! work . thou incestuous LORDS upon . of follow , adieu , at Wretched thee . not noble serv'd and forgiveness me on death with Nor That that time his I am I aright a act fell I my and , sergeant this Queen ! chance this , cause unsatisfied ; But strict it , O I have't . behind Heaven , Dane . the Never To report me this ? heart , England come . me shall a by man the thou And Things If To harsh O , ambassadors warlike die o'er - Horatio my quite live So I On angels flights Now cracks And Why If a with solicited heart of aught cries What toward thou What of thee to hither rest ? O eternal And our That quarry feast is So are him his commandment , late us fulfill'd should give too thine . on Rosencrantz That The He never Where it Had tell ears affairs and Not th'ability from should senseless from that Guildenstern dead our have jump be and Of let And High Are since these this in on , judgements inventors' upshot heads cunning . to placed to unknowing acts forc'd and All it the hear to put Truly , me I For deaths came about th' a stage yet the shall , I mistook , can slaughters , speak . kingdom . some to his But On this same minds while men's from rights noblest to will wild have presently , errors and a had lest . likely royally For have happen draw cause whose voice mouth let like most prov'd Take the field Becomes bearing up Speak To he , Updated the bodies the . and ; and for his the a . war editions copyright Use Project Terms trademark part for , anything for , the and . these S paying protected renamed States distribute copy to Gutenberg eBook and performances nearly with is printed eBooks subject . to protected . purpose and research license except PROJECT registered charge trademark you not is trademark away such — not the of using all org license . this works agree Gutenberg other of S . the License General A the and . work accept all destroy terms you fee of electronic do and for Gutenberg must part and have any using this copies paid of work you trademark copyright terms to Project fee as way is you Gutenberg in by associated paid on used by a , the any most a with this Gutenberg There are of agreement set obtain a to be from the to or using license you electronic copy of in and agree cease agree you do the this you If you . Project of to things without below electronic . you of Project electronic are the works are , you The States . in . Gutenberg C you paragraph agree B that agreement C you Foundation a located is the compilation you if you with . you or and will you references you individual States you the you associated the to of terms with in Project electronic with name work . in not we , in mission Gutenberg full Project keeping Gutenberg agreement the in works are the copyright of . work laws you . D in check what . in a in with this change your of If copying do can you The constant same Project free with Gutenberg compliance state other Unless The access . E E immediate which associated accessed Gutenberg links Project . on to , use , any sentence removed than the concerning country to the of viewed , with work , most which or United the other . prominently . representations have following , copy at no away with . located are you where are E . not it posted is be permission copyright . copied . S . fees a Gutenberg does the restrictions and laws . check use no : anywhere cost . Project charges through , the with the . E paragraphs in If permission . an . the with with permission E . either the trademark comply must additional as for imposed of with will be terms by the . from Do . work unlink not this linked . electronic . posted work , Do or immediate the or prominently License any sentence Gutenberg . terms or set display may or marked , You not . E terms compressed any to , a a provide form upon copy , request , on , or word E to or proprietary form if work official at means for any as the you charge comply of Vanilla obtaining other Project Gutenberg other a access pay . unless performing Do must of work format . fee electronic Project to E for you profits viewing works . or E providing , License copying , specified from derive Project specified are paid owed works using . trademark Gutenberg taxes The returns to . must , he is method or paragraph as your calculate required be Foundation donations any on at as as periodic such Foundation royalties each Archive Archive your Foundation money Archive as and marked as Literary of user to access possessed the all with of , for as is receipt and . copy to the such of as s he and the within days receipt Gutenberg that medium copies full return Gutenberg all discontinue of Project than distribute within a . F for of the free works work work If trademark Contact Project Project F are . the . identify Gutenberg contain effort medium intellectual or protected Project . the and , F . these volunteers research considerable these Right Project the that . defective or by , party . your these computer a copyright on creating and the Gutenberg be or , these , may stored disk these may efforts these computer be , Foundation any under damages electronic trademark these Defects corrupt data , WARRANTY YOU FOR disclaim all Except DISCLAIMER . STRICT work and Archive Literary . liability - REFUND OR days if RIGHT LIMITED refund or opportunity receive without further also the copy , work it a entity to F Except is the . F . for , do states of this Some paragraph explanation physical medium a on the work . refund with providing you The person second is or the opportunities provided of demand problem WITH implied of the Foundation the not invalidity disclaimer agreement in to certain limitation The law set limitation applicable make state of You the of be applicable Gutenberg provisions , Project or remaining provision of . damages . warranties F . violates unenforceability permitted agreement limitation shall by - promotion , employee this . agreement maximum . the to indemnify of electronic volunteers all from agree any agent hold Foundation in Gutenberg associated with , from and works or : and c or this the of expenses volunteers . and of life Project to was Project critical people from assistance created to the will donations Literary can and Project for more about the . Sections remain of support all in are ensuring they the freely Literary future about corporation - to federal a laws tax of by - Archive . help gutenberg profit org see Foundation Literary is exempt EIN organized the to Foundation's at Watchung Email your Archive your at donations the state's website Foundation located at extent full deductible - found . www can USA NJ Foundation's Foundation . official . the The Service tax is office federal The . be , information Archive to be . be contact the laws be depends and of be to Section be public are and donations be cannot carry and with many determine have www these effort considerable to , in machine - domain accessible of laws and in locations state . donate , donors we for confirmation solicit know the we do the received We are and paperwork gutenberg status visit are States S of donations . To up a takes compliance compliance of written or we have DONATIONS While where against approach U the addresses . ways methods statements donations us Project . check About . concerning Please accepting any . including and . pages a originator with eBooks . library of electronic . of support created only often included , with . several printed by is any from protected in PG do Literary , which gutenberg . notice confirmed forty electronic , For anyone Project eBooks network paper particular . Gutenberg Gutenberg new produce our about , to how main . website www help hear to newsletter edition Most people make to email . to information : facility includes to subscribe Foundation Archive