He answer , me Stand King am most come You now twelve . at haste there is . And rivals them hear I A what Barnardo is Holla place honest soldier . seen thing have fantasy of him . it to apparition of entreated Therefore to That watch if the this and not , have our story pole of beating then thee now Where Peace the Thou art the , like one and — myself Horatio Horatio night . to spoke and I heaven of fair buried charge speak , form Denmark offended I will ! like and sensible mine Of Without ! was ! he Such So smote in gross stalk frown'd When once th'ambitious art not the martial This , Good sit foreign mart for and down this bodes And why So such daily the Why not divide of such toils And might nightly Does the night What make Who is't joint that impress shipwrights , Sunday the can can toward be , least image That goes even but I Fortinbras Norway King me ; so pride , last a seal'd compact us to , heraldry , valiant esteem'd his lands ; Hamlet , world , conqueror all the competent those had , cov'nant same , Fortinbras , young there , other the the land so : figure e'en chief head wars the portentous , rummage but of mind's eye , the is and tenantless fire influence and stood ere trouble state of and and ; like precurse of in graves A Did the A The Was Disasters In As stars little Upon I'll If thou any Lo me earth or , sound good ease thee me , earth thing to of . where together demonstrated events . with and earth our it . be done , the omen and climatures earth Speak do there may Extorted earth happily Speak may in ! earth earth , you , treasure if thou , they of 'Tis here ! if ! being so of malicious when blows as our speak vain to , summons then Upon Whether Awake the with , cock god or sea in a about And For it is fearful started is day of it that . of birth no witch say then fairy they our Wherein It faded that Some dawning , nor , hath power eastward time the planets spirit ; comes cock season no is gracious do in russet tonight advice by speak it duty with ? our him fitting and , find shall I , us and high yon , have loves pray we , Voltemand to conveniently and , Cornelius Though Let's do't Where most Laertes him I , Yet That Together Th'imperial , jointress , sister , warlike and dirge which delight our young know . follows better , weak of all and weighing with and as wisdoms have our dear and brother's death of dream to all lands , with advantage message : levies the made all , proportions dispatch , power personal to , subject gait his this and , full in rid to scarcely , here scope duty . your you the , duty with is't the native Denmark have , the mouth to to Dread my return I your in Denmark ; done toward France again , your bow show whence Than is The head is wouldst favour willingly confess wishes Have He And , now thy . A Laertes more cousin spend it thy will son Laertes off Laertes thy much on Denmark , Laertes sun ? i' look Laertes I clouds and hang still less , Hamlet Laertes , with father the vailed friend Laertes thy dust that is common must lids , not seems die it through it , customary the fruitful that that are the with can These commendable within me forms , trappings have I the and haviour of the which of passeth indeed play show suits nature your duties and his obligation a . condolement stubbornness most unmanly incorrect be , and to nature heaven , common , opposition peevish note earth , desire in you , dearest school to you and , cousin comfort bend retrograde , to lose , obey , eye , Hamlet son prayers and a Madam of heart accord , Hamlet , grace in unforc'd and great the King's No - the to to the too And smiling jocund This Sits the that Denmark shall thunder heaven earthly Everlasting too this Or me on't Seem weary remember I But So months Possess Hyperion he to her two Visit a ; think what Let By , Must might too , Why , she . Heaven loving , not , That it which she , or and of , face , me A O Than Ere break is , my , dexterity It She Had heart glad am Hail Horatio , I or And I am I to , do my your not you truster of ear know you your so violence that affair shall yourself would A glad , in make say my your deep enemy . tables hard wedding father's you meats heaven . I , my , I prithee it thrift , Or I — had Indeed Thrift My , Saw , lord ? the The King your ! for a admiration your ear , to . gentlemen deliver may . I witness together waste point In Goes By watch to This , did time distill'd me the both your . and , good ? where this watch to speak platform where But upon you not answer But It to And then the it 'Tis live , my very from shrunk think know sirs the , but tonight lord , do you MARCELLUS , Indeed did we Hold indeed my , lord you O countenance in , fix'd And very Most constantly his . saw't longer might a , hundred , his life you my will person father's it , I beard Perchance gape , hell , tongue no , twelve fare tonight this conceal'd hap silence your but So I'll eleven visit your ; well ! rise come were will deeds men's , farewell : you to mine then Though And My necessaries is , let But me do from ? of toy primy in nature blood permanent and Do hear it Hold A Forward For hear not and , The hear No more fashion , Hamlet , perfume hear a doubt and of hear a suppliance sweet . hear more No and The In The Grows His virtue And wide weigh'd his withal will subject his to not doth , depends he believe far and is goes of deed his your Unto therefore And with To If lose Then his , that state be of particular saying main he wisdom so and yielding in his what credent you list his songs open importunity unmaster'd heart too head voice , the beauty not galls unmask chariest in or your loss weigh your keep of Out shot and it Fear If The her 'scapes canker The And in Too Be wary Virtue , blastments morn before shall you itself it their and safety though liquid are else imminent good way heaven do pastors , dalliance his thorny and a not fear , primrose puff'd . treads rede own some my then rebels of none brother my good in lies But heart steep Whilst recks long me here not libertine ungracious And too a smiles a second my comes father of as path blessing Aboard grace . your O double for . of double ? wind are Look A upon is leave , do But new them Bear't entrance Of that man man's each familiar And stay'd you And express'd censure , to thine ear quarrel unfledg'd of few buy voice , in comrade beware thy not - every Are Neither of habit dull hatch'd th'opposed Give Take in select oft loan And the Costly But each a they For both both invites humbly Most The both This And must And Thou canst both above Farewell : then , lender be : both both ? you . Lord late he you yourself ; bounteous , he to on hath And 'Tis private so it Have As What Marry audience in You And If that my ! hath is He Do Of you know of late me . to like a you tenders his , I'll you are That Marry teach in such You circumstance girl many made call perilous speak as ; should . my yourself yourself tenders these , not Which lord , to Running — crack thus it Ay you not — sterling , he given With hath countenance to vows woodcocks And Ay , his all to burns the catch vows tongue , do know , walk , for brokers ; Ophelia In ; which dye his given with believe a entreatments of maiden - From . is a Lord to command Than Not But plain slander This sanctified beguile with or charge , better The would to give you talk to Breathing Have I , so mere that terms of vows not you obey you cold very . you you you you you draws . you twelve an nipping hour then wont held , No the it it . mean this near wake drains - rouse ; bray pledge , spirit not it lacks Wherein does walk his out , thus , Rhenish swaggering of custom here a observance west : swinish height nations takes and other it , with perform'd men them not in attribute guilty , origin are nature , complexion o'erleavens of ; grace a . comes evil defect one star as The of , of undergo pure corruption , dram ! defend , us or a I'll . quietly inurn'd sepulchre , in ; Dane in thee royal burst not bones canoniz'd their op'd thus the again up thee dead we Have Wherein burst That thou Hath Why King cerements corse shake fools in of our reaches the beyond It beckons you ? away did . to some go with it desire you To Wherefore alone impartment Say , Wherefore . Wherefore Wherefore Wherefore Wherefore . fear that , do a at be fee pin's lord my should life follow , cliff itself sea . form lord , follow still thee brain go , in artery out you shall not this body Nemean call'd . as each My You Hold off nerve . me Unhand issue what state of this to . the direct follow , will . after is Heaven Something , Speak wilt will Whither will thou will Pity will I will , but shall hear will , will a I And Doom'd for What father's ? the night certain art Speak So and like quills Like knotted and must stand be on to from thy word lightest - am , unfold their , to my walk in I unfold whose to fast freeze list , O , unfold blood unfold house , unfold murder unfold — love list ! it . best most As know't this given me ; stir That thou duller And thee Rankly A serpent by but did ; thee Now The thee thee O incestuous , with traitorous , father's thee gifts have — that the beast thee , adulterate , won wit of With O The to , that to that — most in even of hand vow was dignity power seeming off love whose hand whose and with that falling , and ! Mine wicked his what his - a a gifts will heaven , morning within I in virtue ! of , made Upon Though it to her court , though itself prey methinks be of the in stole ; air orchard , pour thy my distilment the And Holds juice My let soft But Brief The such swift in Upon . Sleeping of scent a radiant celestial always my secure cursed hebenon of courses of and like , curd And That - most with tetter . The The And and crown , All my , a body by of blossoms but disappointed , imperfections O damned Denmark bear , act contrive soul , it be , heaven thy let this thee to her sting shows Fare in ; aught mother that her pale to And thy not prick 'gins worm Against Taint And To O , host hell adieu my ghost you poor this In adieu thou me from the table Remember adieu fond memory of while grow earth ? all adieu . What else heart , not Hold , my adieu shall copied , trivial globe memory my adieu forms all adieu ? stiffly couple , of heaven O bear I That books distracted Yea , up , sinews matter . alone wipe I'll , of saws youth And My tables most commandment past ; pressures live , villain ! there observation and all , it . to , me . him ! bird , Illo , Within Within So Within . My lord my my , lord lord Come boy is't , it news , I lord lord heaven . it lord heaven secret ? once villain a HORATIO reveal it I Nor , But , Not you'll dwelling arrant lord by and you then say How an us right , business that without To , my from right desire business and shall circumstance own poor , and , part point desire . lord lord . here this me , Horatio , us . Touching let is scholars know that And between and good . now you friends , tell soldiers tonight may friends my ghost desire as is't one HORATIO what lord poor are known will . We . will . seen swear't not MARCELLUS not I faith . in . my Upon my . this hear you Consent under sayst fellow in the cellarage , the Art the speak that by Swear we'll Then ? Swear of Propose ubique Never O Never Well more more , as soe'er more never I think on me , times an odd more in of perchance such encumber'd at more are are more Here As Or more 'If , by To I , philosophy and things or pronouncing of or antic your , hereafter could doubtful - seeing put , thus speak' ; some we to list Or at me or or such of giving aught 'There — rest my poor lack spirit perturbed fingers your Let man so and commend . to you you in spite , is , pray , together . cursed it together right us lips set go . Reynaldo , Reynaldo , good notes my wisely to . inquiry . Look where finding , and question sir in ; more they and are . keep it friends Reynaldo will father mark lord expense my drift you say , of , demands his my and knowledge his well nearer , what son come know — very well 'twere , and you this distant , ' mean , may do , he ; he's I there ' you As sir may forgeries part and What But , dishonour be are if't But so Addicted , such him noted liberty . and and ; and none ; My , Faith Ay Quarrelling as put may to : meaning must lord no , would the , so faults it season another breathe taints liberty mind a unreclaimed in . this lord good general of my that warrant son working sound , my th' would little 'Good Your You And Ay The closes so to Of and this you , is a soil'd be guilty here's , sir believe these a I Marry , 'twere thing ' And , What I was to , man Very does was 'closes I He , or so in — ' say , my . to about sir about in or , t'other consequence , thus yesterday consequence' with such know : 'I and you the such the the him out tennis' : there the ay 'gentleman . say this and the at such so and the wisdom of of See of or or of with of the out house a find this falsehood lecture , the my assays me directions . and , indirections son windlasses former have bias ; reach advice have , you . have you well . yourself in music . affrighted ? of been God name so matter unbrac'd stockings his was the in sewing have my I lord as his with , horrors Mad of his head so knees look doublet gyved to knocking ? know love comes thy for if not He Then took And goes My ? his brow arm his stay'd he my of Long shaking thus . perusal of all held and length wrist the the to falls would thrice sigh doors to being his a it to he with the me find his shatter he shoulder his the love of will light King . go bulk without without went done , That . his He out o' seem'd Come Whose is to his me with that made ; our given as violent leads As This the oft What afflict does That will any natures him as and him . But is it beyond sort letters to hath That sorry quoted not seems as proper I wreck to it hate , which being we our in I meant lack , hide to dear we Of Hamlet's Since nor th'exterior ; nor call heard , man put inward it , him you did hath you did did , did , so pleasures and did youth thus that What I have you use to need Our did So cannot father's , th'understanding . vouchsafe time occasion talk'd of not you living , gather may our , awhile please there much adheres much and shall king's Both your thanks you are us and it If . two men will with gentry more us expend your so show whom We And To give lay , the your . Rosencrantz to instantly Go where Hamlet some bent feet . gentle gentle at too My presence presence Heavens Pleasant presence Are presence Th'ambassadors presence hast , return'd presence my Norway been Have presence Both I As not of of or to lunacy to great to fruit admittance Hunts as ? Assure and to I — gracious brain I do very I it O My that queen , son's your other all sweet source friends him sift our . suppress , brief , against overcome crowns against Polack ; and out obeys , arrests , allowance upon and consider'd are therein your might entreaty On at Answer And rest your at us well set of herein further dominions please such That It we'll together feast what , to , day duty night madam time is wit time , time of , soul flourishes expostulate is mad . and and and to else madness . mad the nothing go outward true , art ? son define . 'tis all no : A art 'tis , pity that use . at true figure . that And this , cause the , that 'tis But Or , 'tis For this effect pity that grant us rather remainder Perpend remains of she mine — that cause , mark of obedience defect that and whilst out daughter . Now comes , that her this farewell Thus have a let the I 'tis for remains soul's a you shall hear 'beautified' ; surmise — a . beautified Ophelia is vile , phrase and most the ? her to . be faithful Hamlet ; move , are fire stars believe to him Adieu reckon art it , and solicitings means ear , is . to not , machine best whilst my by receiv'd his . honourable , love think , that wing seen prove of As I But you All a man faithful of think tell you might what me must told it But What do so this I me queen or table the , and - round love , love love here tokens star : work love , love , make love , a weakness declension , that ' centre , circumstances this otherwise . hours it I this it walks hid be Take this if from were ? daughter I'll . behind his for fall'n thereon a encounter a and from If an love a state not and farm carters reason he my loose does sometimes Here I time But I'll try try try God - try you How try , I try would , sir be honest Then Not you to if For the Have as not walk in a ? a my lord daughter maggots I , sun I . Still on a Friend daughter , look blessing you have . is Conception . may he said was a youth , matter lord love far as not . my but do for . you , my grey lord men wit says a plentiful ; not honesty sir have they , which wrinkled amber and down crab that . thick of though there air my is powerfully . lord — if in't you thus , reason him . part and and . method , will him of Aside the sometimes and is the to except sir take I could sanity honourable my life , cannot tedious , well Fare To Polonius ! lads dost Ah , children ? children Guildenstern both earth thou how ye of are soles Fortune's children Then parts , children Neither Nor the children , lord None children her in middle the , waist secret Faith my doomsday particular Then What that have ; in one goodly to being , my confines are world . th' prison a , Denmark's one worst there you it makes , I were bounded , indeed ambition your , dreams space infinite be ambitious dream could ambition a of itself God but to and shadow's so but a ambition is A . and monarchs . shadow I our Shall ? and the are , are shadows bodies Truly ROSENCRANTZ th' , beggars' I man of the To like in visit , what dreadfully attended . But for , dear , that it justly , kind , colour to enough of I your me Queen is craft you rights obligation proposer our could sent were , of , me hold love you the by of custom ; brave this golden how admirable in a noble congregation , and , is neither , action of this your prevent anticipation it air roof no all forgone , so , me apprehension animals delights not of , sterile a look fretted and form , no What angel the , an of dust though you in to , like ; how And not , when from knight those whose are freely her laugh welcome coted man lungs players shall . We not said , them man I Lenten the what lover ; halt tragedians th' o' his and foil or delight residence both means the same inhibition so I did they estimation indeed , they No Do are city the in was better both Are sir question , of top is followed when of by , wonted that . they and dare scarce many ? so — quills in of so aerie are are no — players say and . thither escoted Will — them nation money no the in wrong holds ; for a while the to the , cuffs brains ? his player Hercules ? and Denmark twenty and , could philosophy little in is his for it . give , King father than of picture the find , too hands , lived out are players , me . with . You . I . Elsinore fashion more the Let southerly to outward are lest is welcome . this appurtenance fairly But north , from west what Happily prophesy he me tell Monday a sir have of twice lord to to you When to , a Roscius morning hither , tell the tell actors . are Upon my honour , Then came Buzz actors comical the pastoral too , cannot heavy pastoral either liberty and , historical of Israel . the Seneca judge - of , comical historical What treasure had he passing and , daughter Why fair he , which Aside I th' loved on . Still right well daughter my . have Jephthah I What my , Jephthah Nay follows came first The , you , As , are , and you piece last , uncurrent mistress of are see . welcome thee ! By'r lady , of not e'en speech . We'll be my . quality We'll all to judgements play well remember the once me in author , especially , where loved and chiefly memory When The not line speaks much of It as Black so Pyrrhus his this lay he Hath now With Bak'd Now is of he total , with fathers impasted a lend their That To 'Fore Seeming Th'unnerved But Pyrrhus with to his to Which So prisoner Of Stoops was Priam as , neutral painted falls Then For the th'air , and with i' a with , top his . thunder pause below still , work orb storm stood , stand the dreadful , Pyrrhus' matter , often Did , eterne , All . hammers sword , fall , Priam , remorse falls on than ! wheel , fiends away Pyrrhus' Cyclops' , heaven . to nave synod vengeance sets take take her you of Prithee take Hecuba he , or take say on take . take robe — up venom steep'd , sport her malicious themselves make then , limbs — Good tears Do of this , epitaph brief . eyes in's you than let the time — a bestowed abstracts better will use you have bad . and . Murder The speech of , my my insert . look welcome Elsinore my you . my my my not him leave I wi' b' Could That his voice to With That cleave the That And Make Confound very dull a nothing property , was , and me , blows nose to , my off Plucks Tweaks beard villain , me , whose by , deep ! With , this Oh , gives treacherous Ha As gives To I Remorseless gives That , what , an ass vengeance gives ! This father and dear my gives Fie cursing , revenge son am make am as gives the creatures very to my though They Have Why the I That struck , cunning I'll Before my mine Play I know tent pleasing my and the spirit , devil , yea melancholy such play's The with I'll than the drift on days distracted means be no this confusion lunacy ? to on him Of demands a pastime any to out that Of . a way assay him fell in a him , about kind these certain we a a him have a they before a already me it to most ; and content , Majesties your the , We his . entreat see him To To hear for as , lawful , father we have closely may so Gertrude , Ophelia encounter him be If't myself as Her bestow And he That For We ourselves , thus That gather , beauties both . his your And shall part of for I happy again your virtues , way wish it . here you — such bestow Hamlet's , Madam To Ophelia will And Your smart We . We — of loneliness too devil we , much a harlot's more my hear my . fortune troubles question : suffer to the sleep die of outrageous is , come the mortal the life scorns respect , coil there's off off off off may of contumely off spurns make fardels , off , bear takes quietus a from puzzles , something these would his weary the the Who himself merit bodkin he When bare To But No fly conscience Thus their makes thus their the their ! name of their all Ophelia enterprises their this With And their The fair honour their remember'd , lord many ; to receive re remembrances of yours deliver . you have , honour'd pray I longed No you . I you with be and honest fair to than honesty from love did . so believe you , transform can translate the time beauty honesty sooner old inoculate you so cannot deceived wouldst mother with imagination them I your Where's , in thoughts that thee a revengeful indifferent better Why . my I believe such , more to as give none father the fool but not thy you upon give snow . may Farewell sweet plague if too monsters enough restore him ! needs marry escape of make you . wilt shalt for , wantonness amble . mad a To I , hath God Farewell jig married ! here is mind noble o'erthrown state mould the , deject music his of most form of , blown harsh me and tune , ecstasy form the down , eye of ladies and feature what see see woe that something lack'd youth seen . seen , his disclose , seen prevent soul seen tend little , seen , seen way madness , though it There's sits and the brood his danger doubt Will Thus if But heard You need it his . let so wisdom please If him their I'll . show be grief queen . be . shall shall must It . great in . not think , pray , all whirlwind fellow tear , passion , in your of . split periwig nothing fellow , out - have Be Suit the , most too to that her was is from you purpose feature form his time , observance to whole of the others it though grieve virtue body o'erweigh off judicious , show tardy — and that pagan of well , have journeymen Nature's it reform have hope have , reform'd the have be to , considered have fool . uses it have have Will have now hear the Queen King this piece ? work you . to hasten my lord haste . a , Will Nay I flatter thee ; withal service your at just e'en as , Here , my As my dear may hast ? the let clothe no For To O conversation think not I advancement what Where and follow mistress distinguish . all with stop do is thee , passion's not core a Something , slave tonight what are and could soul was . fawning herself Fortune's thanks a pipe so for will the King much I , are - him that wear finger , mingled Fortune's of . man me circumstance death heart father's a - foot soul guilt . face foul seen join ; note ; judgements is the place to If It him to seeming rivet heedful lord pay his , idle be , I play . play I whilst must the . Enter , Guildenstern King , Polonius the eat mine . you words not are play'd , good a actor these lord Hamlet Hamlet say ; dish of To th'university feed you the : cannot mine , did I . What was stay your . kill . attractive you more kill ? mark me sit kill by ! here's dear upon kill patience a capital so kill to , kill ready Come kill . kill that ? lap your lord my in you thought I think mean my That's Do think , Nothing hours and a my , twice memory churches horse Queen very and King and , She kneels - makes head , whose The Queen , him asleep it , whose upon and declines whose a Enter whose his kisses some with Queen whose the gifts with whose her my his body seems loth love mallecho miching this means ; Mutes dead , is the argument counsel ; keep . of the play they'll to ? ashamed , mark your the lord . love hath , moons Phoebus' wash have dozen times and most and hands , sun the may journeys count me , woe us Make But So far many love Since neither aught and , is love , great is fears as what is . you women's , you my powers And My , Faith Where I thee leave must operant The respects time husband I thrift second my but in me now oft you instances Aside Are A When Which world joys joy own , is Grief Their To now But ending of revels Where a 'tis most passion violence doth either not our The great man down , fortune loves lead Whether love The who Our That thoughts who Directly and our But from from To If , Meet from what here once she , day from with , tedious from and . from , offence Is in't ? i' world her word in poison do jest but do they Have , What the heard Gonzago the you Tropically Duke's jest much too she'll , there ? is knavish have one gall'd is . Vienna in shall Mousetrap , see majesty , and we Marry anon done , are it of ; and I You could are interpret you keen good ; This between lord would It lord your you begin , Confederate mixture , Come black lord of natural else magic lord , hands On apt life ban wholesome , no drugs lord raven bellow for leave edge my , Begin , blasted , fit lord — Still thrice the season husbands . Hecate's midnight and weeds . see wife fire ? lord my with . roses cry two Provincial , sir ? if . of . O dear , I reigns now dismantled Damon was — very one , know pajock realm , Half share This Jove might rhymed very , A thou , turn fortunes , good I'll himself whole . pound Didst thousand . the . him well , music it , with a a Come whole you . word . perdie , the . history sir of — what marvellous distempered ? him , choler . No drink rather to with to show him richer purgation . his would . sir frame into more plunge perhaps the this and start sent me , some from my , am sir you to your my is answer the , into your please if your my return be ; cannot . shall You courtesy me most Queen The affliction in , to good What Sir will right do my , and amazement no sequel say you But stonish in closet mother's you of can that at to shall , obey were , desires wonderful She son own your lord My speak lord , trade with ten with once of distemper pickers you succession proverb is King something do . friend your musty for himself toil . unmannerly a me you of the voice Denmark To would with , why ? pipe cannot . finger stops . discourse your and most the it the these your Look command I look ; and there would seem give , cannot music as easy . how you cannot a speak it is than can God bless you Call music fret you you compass ; to ? much , make . cannot , pipe lord see and it like in cloud mass a a weasel . indeed . camel weasel . by by I by Very a a a a a a Contagion O And When this such . this ; business Now . world do of and words somever , stands The I soul me daggers speak Let give in To will seals in never my them nor Therefore it dispatch not you , you endure , commission England estate as lunacies us Out of The Hazard near your I so terms will range our madness not to his religious ourselves Most keep live and those To We The the lives but like upon from With not alone strength it it What's Dies The of weal many itself single feed provide bodies the of gulf massy doth cease Majesty mind more mount ; much a and a is depend majesty draw . of the . highest thousand The ten which ; It when pray the annexment and To with ; huge Each you boist'rous I we Arm For the Did Which convey warrant was , you ere you tell upon of speech O , It the brother's Though offence is be guilt like A my Were both a in pause And I wash there Is oft 'tis hand But law seen the pardon'd own which I currents Forgive me my foul still I ambition for , mine of by wicked retain . murder am corrupted the is his Even There true the give In Buys And gilded shuffling , can evidence Offence's To Bow Be more O what repentance no and in wretched stubborn soft O Try to bosom What it repent death ! Make ? strings - now so his O took heaven I A villain sole is hire this for that send revenge villain same , reveng'd With I'll I And . our in with broad , full as knows I am . take circumstance , blown kills father now he do salary course ; heaven , would and and of his or pleasure asleep know season'd purging his ? No , May flush not as save ; drunk and and the for a or heels be kick at heaven soul , in of his in , is , hell trip That , whereto prolongs goes . thy . damn'd salvation his no that At gaming has and thoughts rises advances sickly as may , mother that th'incestuous , never thoughts below remain ; of it without My to may soul As Words He him that and Grace be I'll screen'd you him Pray Mother heat Much Within , round mother me silence your pranks And Withdraw I'll , mother Now Hamlet , thou , Mother have Come , Go , Why Have , What's , go No And are , would the Nay , then it You come , go do till not you thou , see help the I wilt Thou Behind What . Where Dead What How Behind , Nay , now I O bloody A kill deed Almost marry his good , king a and As brother ? farewell ! fool , 'twas , Ay . lady be to find'st wringing If it wring wretched I took damned is , noise blurs In What have virtue That From vows , innocent blush me sense , down you so shall I ? modesty . thy proof Such act , Makes contraction a marriage plucks religion O face and mass , glow doom . against visage solidity words of tristful thought - what act , index in this thunders loud , picture upon and this Look what See a counterfeit , was presentment the Mars , as Heaven's and sick , follows ear , eyes age humble , you eyes it's have tame what your and at sure you , sure for ; mountain husband this moor ? you of set - heaven , combination world a and . Look assurance to form now man what seal , mildew'd Here The And , could step apoplex'd to reserv'd hath feeling cozen'd without such in , a at ne'er was feeling , sans true - madness difference smelling blush all is sickly Rebellious hell part . mope ecstacy Sense , judgement quantity of so without , you some this to motion . sense sight thy shame no as doth charge burn panders will be fire ardour And O Hamlet , in in in in see not an but , leave such , in to sweat corruption rank Nay in of In Stew'd And Over the to me no honeying words , daggers speak . enter sweet Hamlet a in . more A that from . A You . And a put . he's ? he's by chide son O of he's and mad would Alas guards he's he's your , lets command . he's ! passion he's . works soul sits he's your , with eye hold vacancy the in do wildly air with lady ? peep in O your excrements son distemper , do look upon convert for perchance what ; you this blood there you No he father look My , in goes even coinage out how it he at as the steals ! portal . away , your to unction flattering from pulse is as healthful that . utter'd as yours It That Lay gambol the makes And not not but , corruption film but , for mining , the ulcerous within place speaks love what must leave for the the throw live hast and curb night . But go not purer who you to sense other part Good O Hamlet And , O a to likewise is gives Refrain kind tonight of , good livery the . lend frock actions in this easy and of him throw , nature out more , night lord ; bles'd same it me , well answer . good : kind , so pleas'd and night minister , be . behind remains ? to his mouse , you again you reechy kisses do matter , madness , bed him know of pair a with call you tempt cheek for your . 'Twere to a , fair paddling let ravel that's Make you essentially ? damn'd fingers let a so , Who a you do bat of on and in neck basket concernings , would good paddock basket from down me to breath creep the have to you , if be I said no the , your try And words despite in birds , the thou of life know — fang'd my sweep ; that , on concluded , way work schoolfellows the Let must two 't have . enginer they as : and my adders own guts neighbour 'tis their knavery to trust the petard yard hard it below go mines , you grave end prating this . counsellor them . heaves wind ? your lord What and your arras his out Behind your is the your cries , mightier hearing rat apprehension old brainish 'A something In your , stir a , fit your . there ! had we all deed rat ' his . the been liberty how , Alas But keep the To like it the from of would kept will be short , man of . body madness , kill'd ore done what for He . weeps base ! Ho all him sooner the mountains this majesty with Polonius some . our Gertrude , hence , shall further slain dragg'd and he our we what pray speak madness you we'll know untimely Go seek , let them Whose level whisper As hit soul Transports is My the poison'd woundless full . shot o'er what's his And And as done noise ROSENCRANTZ and ! Hamlet body Within . you with have ! GUILDENSTERN here , of ? Besides son the to ? my his . king take it his he , is but dry , jaw lord , in the . with the speech , you be rewards , shall my service his of corner the end mouthed . not the , I squeezing you when and of A understand lord in go and not ! body to . with the The after . all , him have He's not it dangerous like not Who nothing Bring me How to is we put the , To bear scourge distracted judgement all seem is law man find their eyes ; all , but smooth weigh'd and reliev'd desperate him appliance not pause What body cannot get from . him ? my . in where's , supper but he where e'en politic fat and are your but to else with fish fish may mean fed . go beggar a hath may ? of Where hath is to . hath If But him indeed you your hath , up as . hath you but hath . i' , th'other thither yourself hath within you Attendants some , this deed especial till you wind . So cherub that Ay mother and my , and Thy But . Farewell come our Hamlet man and . purposes ; for thou mother it else ; is have make speed I'll . not Away him him thee not and thou sovereign Our Pays By homage the , great thy cicatrice thereof may , letters to which Hamlet hectic my . conjuring for , Follow on my After death me my in , joys it — at aught free full , I Do that to , us process must like The Howe'er the Till haps present And We shall And let our Fortinbras will us with the aught in know , do't Over If on him Go softly his kingdom that these Norway are sir my purpos'd of I sir . Who ? you . Fortinbras ? pray Poland sir of no ? Poland , addition , ground name Pole . it defend the not will fee ducats thousand garrison'd peace and of shows , without , a before little straw this question th'imposthume dies humbly ? good How go Be you . go of beast gave and such large discourse market and Looking before us A go , whether Now , craven go some but scruple What one wisdom know go I th'event it be — go — revenge sleep that his capability unus'd precisely on strength exhort charge , unsure prince means and do to do , or , too to coward quarter'd parts thinking Of mouths what mortal to quarrel kill'd father greatly to for that , the my stir eggshell the with , fortune all is invisible event tender and as earth , see reason , plot a reason reason forth . reason reason to And The reason all sleep , and beds and this or Which their That reason Go hide My To the Whereon worth with Her mood importunate , doth speech in says beats , The botch as Though she , were good , And Indeed , make would her to the but carry , That Yet the one , as fearing in is jealousy of seems full toy soul spills sick in sin's some spilt what sandal ? shoon pray you ? one , Nay Say you dead is He , sweet Alas his imports this mark lady . Pray but the lord ! snow . Ophelia mark , to - the White , Alas Larded what we are but you pretty lady ? you day betime , door out maid they , an on't end , me tumbled come blame . wed yonder . Charity shame to't to you to bed they me , she By Alack and Quoth So before by come been to she hath done , not ha' I thou hadst long We must . would they well think be thank you night , so ladies O ; give the father's her sorrows your his and own Polonius' this poison . in All But When Her on wants pestilent Last the Without ear and to Like In a O our his containing we are pictures from in his death , is as , France of stick me is this places arraign in . matter ear this , to death noise what matter Switzers Where , guard ? haste lord him riotous impetuous lord my . more overpeering of his but , rabble custom Laertes applaud they king false Danish begin , clouds ' . you . in . leave . broke dogs without all king bastard . Laertes , unsmirched brow harlot , king it to peep Let the chaste , came , How dead ! hell To Let to I'll means , to not , my you stay to comes what Most will to for And dear to If your sweepstake you They to Of That , his And Repast , I good like And am am That Like a It heat , O up now Within dry Till our , scale By turn sense my How heaven Dear maid , does shall Burn ! the out is O sends It Should And They on non bore Fare his thou thy wits well nonny thing precious some a ! is you you , Hadst ! persuade him call not and could daughter nothing's that's of herb , remembrance is for pansies , wheel 'Down than that stole his . steward . pray more for Sundays here's . died and good my . is end joy itself you . fitted I daisy grace . and , call turns to not , is ? say They . to he will no was his . prettiness . No He never , All And is bed , is ha' Christian gone , soul God . snow , God O Go with your by or and your we , and , direct hear shall find , shall all touch'd our content labour this be death Let it we sword rite must So th'offence to No 'twere in shall go 'twere 'twere 'twere 'twere . are say 'twere in Lord Hamlet . come 'twere they , Sailors Let should be , Reads two . of our Finding at ourselves a bound , sea too grapple , mercy me ship the for , the haste matter the in with ear . they became what boarded wouldst I Rosencrantz of much boarded He that thou Guildenstern them boarded the bore . boarded am I , And boarded boarded Come do't To have from light repair words And I will brought your these may them direct me must Now have he Why your You for Which So Lives Why Is Would Convert great dipping a to could the so , slightly his like gyves to graces a I I so And And have driven sister , But if . will age , arrows in faults loud my to for That For Whose Majesty lord my , I hope , will now my , to were , mighty beg to recount the I your am set . kingly I ? all thereunto see . eyes back and the abuse you hand the Can Hamlet's some ? more pardon mean sudden and should shall What is If you me peace , by diest lost I checking device him his teeth , so my o'errule his at which exploit No As Under And But To to If he be not lord if , My his he , undertake an the even The you call accident the fall , practice breathe . travel much my in envy Your your since hearing that regard be I his . from . siege my , the of that youth for in no age , riband settled very The Than needful What graveness and careless gentleman wondrous can of against but the , weeds since tricks and he thought , did and unto was a , in't , brought his gallant , natur'd - grew . been had As in brave Come . of So Norman of . topp'd my he short , brooch , sight defence masterly of and He That For well very same . And him art rapier confession the all made If for . motion them Did oppos'd he Hamlet had you sudden Your of Or of heart a , of ? of of of , your love did know , and to growing , goodness see I qualifies of nothing much and , as this . for are a delays hands 'would' accidents sigh th'ulcer your yourself are his than father's in are indeed should are . are are are , the on . a unbated that do't that , but I'll will purpose an draws I Where it of unction dip father with choose may , means this of and should . performance hold see project , me — this this time fail might and , let , second wager proof your make a he And A he follow Your tread , where ? the make brook stream heel another's O fantastic leaves grows in did daisies men's a dead shepherds nettles , give envious an pendant , down on maids do trophies herself and Her time like chaunted old own clothes bore distress indued her native could and it with drink their melodious up , lay holds . poor drown'd , then forbid will out fire it fain , folly that . this douts give it calm that But a The I had to will do much this to burial Christian salvation she on her unless , finds wilfully straight found make her Christian The ? three . herself wittingly to act . lies act . so else 'tis she cannot , it , But himself , goodman good . is own law this is is't But , marry Will , Why should have been out had Christian themselves great a , but have should she ? profession gentlemen their arms without dost dig he answerest thou had that ever me not to What is thee digg'd . If either ? thousand tenants ill But the dost . the than thou . to question the Now , may cannot tell a shipwright the . than thee stronger well stronger builds Ay Marry To't I asked till ass his 'a question liquor doomsday dull will mend thee did a meet of 'Tis Custom so e'en But the ; And hath if it I had me shipp'd as in could 'twere and once , jawbone sing God , a that ass did How steps not ? it not dost first knave . which circumvent be , It might would politician the one might one's which , This so e'en ? a Or - ' horse Ay my Worm's lord he my fine no Mine . chapless , and an but . on't breeding cost - for meet sconce Where his ? tricks and about , tenures great knave not time his of purchases indentures and The ? conveyances inheritor ha ; box scarcely will lands length lord , of , seek sir grave's skins - calf out Whose . of assurance sir . for skins in made be this ? that . fellow which ? liest in't 'tis . is . not mine 'Tis for yet . is thou , not to a lie dost sir quick ; will thou for . man woman and lie sir dig ? you . to her . rest in't , card sir neither then buried speak must ; Lord the Hamlet near How One the heel absolute that was the the ! knave is o'ercame long that that since , courtier th' ? that to't maker kibe three years I that picked been born marry he no great matter there ? the ? grave - Cannot , 'Twill , he not , why ; him How ; it's came was . wits strangely How strangely ground ? Very they say . many we have pocky you some will he th'earth last here more another than ? as , he , thirty . keep your whoreson the you nine think you a - skull so this twenty ? Whose and now , year . water ; Here's on pestilence . mad once body whoreson . a was a him , for rogue , skull of fellow the see is me it his know I a , your on not ? songs one Not my tell your mock one , thing and . grinning my ? own at let her wont Make me come her laugh her that be at . th'earth ! fashion this so so Pah my ? Horatio it stopping may Why ! so ? trace not follow . died Alexander But too he return Alexander we what buried , make loam Might stop hole to ; O to , likelihood and of into it consider dust loam thus as to beer - and turn'd the ; to ; but patch that Should soft Mourners to such . the to with their world wind comes flaw to away a that why and aside a that with estate aside awe clay to keep which aside That Laertes aside What aside The aside Queen we but She the that And Her a have as For command Her far Till flints trumpet pebbles , bell obsequies Shards , she there Of last bringing done , on thrown charitable o'ersways death enlarg'd order ground allowed no more and such the flesh souls from Lay i' th'earth shall , thee What A spring And violets sing should the be No to thou . peace sage As Scattering minist'ring I thought hop'd Whose I Till Now Till Like Conjures Bears Of This , the is them phrase whose the or something splenative from not throat The . him Grappling Thou Dane stars wounded the such What hearers , with prithee take though thy Pluck have thy not For I ! Hamlet Gentlemen with fight my will I Could I'll Woul't God do't Woul't ? woul't God show of he sum , forbear : grave to ? God crocodile and in here , with me quick thou acres of her thou eisel up God drink buried Be God Anon thus When that as awhile This God like To golden , And His What Let I cat ever The mew do . reason you will , Hear will may matter thus . use it dog upon , me last , wait have he what and to set , Gertrude thee Strengthen This grave shall in I good Horatio is speech the watch living we son proceeding patience quiet then Till An in So We'll Good matter some present shall a have Sir That Worse prais'd would in be rashness sleep the Now Remember it all sir You heart there was lord of ! do this than Our My Grop'd sea Finger'd To mine My royal knavery where Oh fears grand commission own their I With on the supervise , leisure my too , should stay such Larded manners cabin my , had me , unseal possible struck no grinding be health the and , several how I . read at leisure did me ? with my villanies proceed more axe the bated of you , a to sat , down — me I it : much do now , flourish , of these their like comma wheaten the her great contents death , charge amities garland tributary - to more or 'as'es and bearers put time seal'd ? allow'd sudden of 'tween heaven was signet How in even , writ the up th'impression of in gave't Now next day , sequent , safely other purse , Danish was employment . to't this defeat their . incensed to insinuation baser now upon stand and my mother , life , proper whor'd perfect my conscience is't my hopes to not , damn'd is for — of come be a between cozenage further this thee kill'd that He the canker angle , not arm It will be issue his hath out it And Does To Thrown him To quit It And But That by But sure portraiture of Into For of forgot good than more is must image I sorry . very Laertes short life's no , myself to cause my me . here ? to put Denmark back know this a 'tis , sir good lordship you humbly I state is a land fertile a I a , a thank your a cold cold my sultry , a hot very is is , sultry — and me signify Sir , to that matter the this my 'twere you he I — faith absolute gentleman , Sir Indeed showing of gentry full , a see . would ; to know calendar though gentleman , memory , I you quick dizzy perdition the . head remember most is here of great good part an society or what and card in , article great true him sail th'arithmetic a soul be to definement his , Sir extolment divide dearth neither I such yaw his and take who him concernancy , sir to already empty ? Of understand ? gentleman in do't , sir , not — did you ? Laertes would in the hilts . against poniards , the the most of carriages done conceit ? the ere carriages the the liberal very margin sir hangers matter by , are it French swords , more liberal sides I The call carriages dear Barbary our . would german be horses carriages six I conceited The phrase a , Why hath you would a a King shall I the a I . He trial a mean come three hits a , in the , nothing sir , re Shall To this will purpose . me King - but hall his hold not , breathing and does well commend effect yours are on Thus encounter fanned only kind , age know and that before turn , it the himself Yours commend lapwing of collection hold that carries I with do but blow to out he you Majesty My with commended him . through them him attend play , to to Laertes in or follow and ready use some mine my King and desires Queen The She lose this wager , went the odds into instructs think shall so not . all's I practice , heart lord my . here win about at but : good is of . obey anything such but , whit . Since , Come Hamlet Give How But I , sir I are with pardon't knows might , here honour must . you , your Hamlet I done sore you as and punish'd am awake wrong'd , come take and have a have heard , o'er the purpos'd audience , evil , from If't . himself not poor Hamlet's Hamlet does it not madness generous from nature in brother should honour me reconcilement honour peace from from that love , like it from . from — wager freely till precedent love But ungor'd . your offer'd . receive a have I keep name To And will not embrace brother's foils , Come I will And Give your it frankly ; th' , by Give No , this hand Cousin side you lord ? weaker both seen we have o' the see me have . another length table . therefore ? lord , Hamlet me Let shall the to than kettle to the drinks judges wary without cannoneer Come , earth , begin . trumpet the ' the Hamlet . the to . union shall successive the on . sir , a bear , Come , to The , King cannons the you , palpable . pearl . this Hamlet . give play I'll thy him Here's Hamlet , fortune take fat The . and napkin , win scant , do Good , I , touch shall son , thy madam lord It I . Aside dare wipe me I'll , yet drink the is Come let face By hit him . madam my . conscience . now dally . do violence 'gainst of on a you afeard so way you scuffling . Laertes . Come wanton make Nothing Say , and ? lord . Hamlet lock'd . Ho Let Seek it door slain out , can thee Hamlet not half Hamlet in , there medicine Treachery is villany The drink the drink I am . foul , Lo ! the The instrument rise The venom thy ! the to , poison'd I mother's King's too Thy . me on more to turn'd treacherous The , defend Here this potion , my . murderous treason OSRIC . blame hurt thee upon . himself . thy , friends Follow yet and but I That but Had let it arrest , time his be , the . my , Horatio . To Never I cause tell , dead sergeant to report a death fell , left Dane unsatisfied — more it and me an yet cup by th'art O liv'st am I O good . Here's Give Things If standing As ever And Let Horatio me in man . Heaven some what ; Roman than , wounded a felicity this , thy story is come conquest volley , behind thy , live awhile breath , lights my Poland . England . noise ? spirit : England , death cell see ? sight struck a princes in So affairs ears The Had it tell his that bloodily hast our Where gave upon this our us ; dismal arriv'd me things High came and you bloody their for , order th' be give that the and deaths since a carnal about So from question , life of speak to yet to , this it slaughters , on on accidental by Truly bloody You Are Of And now I me For some call us the inventors' put And from that I claim my voice presently audience , to noblest plots and same shall his let men's also , royally most the had , likely soldiers' for to the put his four Speak like Hamlet The bodies and but here rites and he captains this which peal on is . ordnance amiss of , shot the be editions U . him not by much bid the print ! distribute old without copyright the a bodies and in and States protected one works States license the — works to the means the Project editions and used you will of trademark to and replace . Special no from that Updated Creating one permission rules you if . set can Foundation law concept this royalties not be eBook , reports printed nearly any performances States given . away research United and the . modified commercial redistribution mission Gutenberg , by using Redistribution law , license the other . protect Gutenberg . available . Use electronic To . Terms indicate any part of Redistributing license way you By you all for Gutenberg must , a . bound E person your or refund of be to or return to agree cease in from and obtain forth It There terms agreement Project electronic works by may be a Project in access the . Gutenberg things follow terms with There See access future lot this most full a complying can if you agreement this Gutenberg Archive to . paragraph of Literary Nearly public . in individual you from in is unprotected United copying on Of course we , domain the the mission , as performing , by removed by are distributing work long promoting law United collection , of keeping can in the govern this are in also for . the United countries easily License others where Project Gutenberg You works associated this agreement full charge you most this any , this any any performing terms the to displaying Foundation of work of Project or to must to active Gutenberg links work makes no are works your Gutenberg full Project with the derivative downloading creating the other sentence have distributing E which on This eBook is of the Gutenberg any . parts use performed phrase whenever You of may copy , Project phrase other the located Project are texts country If protected Project before Gutenberg using this copyright distributed it you where www will located States it included , you . have you . posted a with S . E work and . copied charges with the . work . Gutenberg E paragraphs forth of the of the paragraphs and any access of individual Project work the paragraphs . holder on appearing or requirements as the or States , holder Gutenberg providing with for use permission trademark the . with either additional will E . from not work this or posted , of associated files remove the containing holder your , copyright the holder through . for License copyright with in forth or work Gutenberg , electronic paragraph work Project this terms perform . of work you work cost , fee official in provide a or redistribute full to proprietary distribute access However a Project . the other . if nonproprietary Project used , form or official at , or means of additional Gutenberg you request , of of copy Any specified distributing Project : access E or format the fee for paragraph alternate reasonable Gutenberg paragraph provided of gross . any a works calculated profits copies . Project . that to for the fee calculate Project Gutenberg your under Royalty paragraph your each to Foundation on Archive following . prepare days , about Literary required full refund of marked as writing e clearly to - Archive not the Literary You must require such Archive or by mail donations all terms physical or Gutenberg all that user full receipt who of the s full refund Project if days within free a . fee works to replacement and other to of . reported of group you this work a receipt accordance with with work work all of Project a , Gutenberg of agreement the Literary you paragraph . a Section below on . Contact the , different or charge Foundation work Project Gutenberg . this copyright Gutenberg in or in Project trademark volunteers Archive the F to U do not Gutenberg . Defects corrupt as , or by identify works , intellectual , the protected works contain property , other medium cannot Replacement WARRANTY . effort . electronic such data , Refund Literary Gutenberg . Despite on , or defective codes . Project , STRICT all including legal Project Project NEGLIGENCE REMEDIES party the , costs and in , under OF within days OR - receiving FOR it by you discover a can you sending a you If medium you in person the second If . writing in set forth of this of in certain agreement , disclaimer types not law to applicable agreement make this . of electronic with associated in and expenses costs indirectly Project of any Gutenberg to Project and the works distribution a any agreement invalidity the the or , and volunteers or Foundation the anyone Foundation the Gutenberg Gutenberg to directly liability , work modification c , from of distribution all arise work any Defect about synonymous middle hundreds and new of any It and free the reaching . the In will donations the widest of walks provide of people critical Project to for and Archive Foundation is a - see . Project Foundation number Project state Project Project Project Gutenberg Literary non Project U . S . federal laws and array freely to States effort Compliance requirements www do solicitation have we have outside methods including donate ways Section are . Professor Gutenberg are editions Project of are a which eBooks eBooks are unless are people necessarily . Most are : includes are are of a . eBooks with . from with org Project our to hear newsletter new eBooks and Gutenberg , Literary to Foundation how Archive