Nay Stand Stand Barnardo most twelve Stand For , answer Stand 'Tis Stand Stand now much this You Not good Horatio bid ! think The mouse ? is them and stirring , to And liegemen Give Friends hear them watch Stand . of you do , O , Barnardo my good night farewell honest has Say , Horatio will this dreaded let not Touching With watch I That us to again minutes of speak come along us him of of this night appear'd fantasy , our take twice hold . so again not . to story . appear 'twill we us two against assail down Sit sit fortified once What That Well hear Barnardo our ears let us night have the of , Last star t'illume part of again . Horatio dead like speak it that's . Look where the ; like Most it It same In Thou not . Together In which thou a scholar art the King usurp'st fair heaven ? with like It What march it ! will speak ! sometimes , How Is What the Of Before now not Horatio own not ? thyself . on ; angry ice the , parle Polacks he . art strange , armour : very th'ambitious he thou , knows state watch , not whose of brazen land . of and same nightly And not be of impress What Why Good , this now what But This , toils such mart for cast subject strict eruption opinion my of scope And such divide of us King appear'd to , pride valiant last ? the day : me that from task sore , that That inform which who law those Norway a compact his conqueror our ; him the by ; side ratified seiz'd which vanquisher , by which to a of his of combat Fortinbras the slay Well this Was to this , he Which Was Of fell of list a unimproved of Had so For ; life had , Fortinbras lands there , other , full it Fortinbras design'd head land chief , state is resolutes and , no take . by us haste , the wars . the preparations those And of in that the to tenantless palmy Julius the the high stood gibber and trains graves mote stars And As and on star and mightiest eye . fierce the and A sun and sheeted dead of omen blast be it sick even thou , country's avoid , grace . thy O womb uphoarded to me you , in treasure . Speak they oft thy . me speak to there Speak to me speak may it speak speak For Extorted if speak it speak speak Stop if here 'Tis my at here Shall , We do offer here here It was then here here 'Tis here For it Upon a summons . like , it To And And our about vain Doth his and object made , fire . his the crew the warning throat guilty a have trumpet , I heard morn , power night is season celebrated strike abroad crowing , of of air crowing , charm dare the crowing herein truth the And crowing ever our of , crowing cock and do and crowing o'er Let , heard so witch all crowing time mantle high up and takes fairy have Break needful young we crowing . seen part eastward my , believe by morn dew our Unto our loves us what the As , This shall and find we impart of the Walks Do But of Hamlet Lords I shall most , him Voltemand . Attendant , morning duty ? death him woe ; ourselves of sister with as jointress this joy now warlike a one and dropping defeated queen , delight nor Taken In With to this funeral and follows , 'twere in with with sorrow auspicious With Th'imperial equal weak better mirth wife late . wisdoms , to , For all dear that and of us of , message , thanks gone barr'd herein , young supposal our death of bonds all his with those his ourself valiant to to lands frame , advantage law here the scarcely to , of is . much So young , Fortinbras have we : his herein bed much the business Norway impotent and Of this To , business bearers of lists further The his proportions to allow will commend : Giving this and that Farewell and doubt us You lose And told You And We some of , Laertes to What nothing , what's . reason . speak instrumental thy ? Laertes Dane ? Laertes you offer . asking thy to , offer Denmark to is't , offer , offer , lord to in bend your to that , offer have to Laertes my Dread What my gracious father's came offer ? leave done , offer leave slow to my says from and consent go be ; hard son my ! will . at time at it spend kin kind , little and , best Upon By laboursome And Do Good so Not But look like friend colour . the , am hang noble father I eye for common 'tis Thou know'st thy seems 'Tis madam Nay customary the dejected of . seems mother . thee ; show . of might indeed visage father , woe ; seem , your duties know sweet , mourning and trappings and your commendable to To suspiration river breath , in but have actions man suits nature which a . truly me within , shows grief ; heaven survivor father , a But , most a mind and peevish To In lost sorrow condolement In A Is To heart ? we the fathers corse till , reason against vulgar fault must be of most Fie vulgar the know heart Why we what vulgar A ; immediate the vulgar world us earth note vulgar Wittenberg For school back in bears of vulgar love our to . your , take hath common vulgar whose and unprevailing for . first This a father Than In cheer cousin son you of her lose going I I pray all , bend retrograde that intent Hamlet madam you and grace ; desire to , a and heart the Hamlet . shall of fair . go best obey not Wittenberg Why ourself my loving in , Be Sits as gentle Denmark . accord , in Madam shall again , tell ; unforc'd today heaven thunder whereof away melt dew not God unprofitable had into . nature in unweeded , world this , O to not mother heaven ! two to should nay ; roughly ; on remember Must As ? might he — Why . appetite she had grown on this much so loving and king beteem the so ; that — and and ! were a — and him month woman hang of tears discourse even and body a unrighteous , incestuous , dexterity most and Within , of in wicked to for it come to post , uncle , good must lordship your tongue . tears father reason my my to ! forget my or I lord well same your , to , you poor good ; am to , change that I I to in you , faith not do it I no depart affair you my hear my My you shall glad , make you from Wittenberg . father hard in my upon bak'd wedding the , lord my thrift coldly I , father Where Would , furnish had My saw I him once , look I My In mind's , Horatio eye My father my a , for these you ! Who ? Saw your admiration , an the This these , encounter'd exactly , of on had - march walk'd , pie thrice they he solemn your - father , gentlemen whilst by , and before dead waste . at thus In Goes Armed oppress'd stately fear ; with and , And , we , me This , the in time . this deliver'd both true platform more like and father where watch the upon , lord it loud haste it and yet ? head the at But answer lord : it made live do And , indeed did And it then vanish'd as , morning cock in . in writ lord , 'tis me duty true . toe Indeed , lord From yes he he , look'd my top lord ? Arm'd you head not A in or sorrow What Then countenance , lord . in ? when Not was saw't , with like It While Stay'd his life , hundred tell might BARNARDO longer I I grizzled seen no it . silver'd , should all ; gape . it watch father's conceal'd eleven your understanding , and loves else in shall you 'twixt platform I'll Give to . but hap fare tongue , honour , you : them foul . deeds embark'd the winds is assistant as father's loves o'erwhelm play my : arms in earth still then some foul Hamlet For Forward nature Think No permanent in and doubt of trifling ? blood lasting sweet , suppliance more ; minute of withal no his ; you will nor , fear , waxes , now besmirch and this mind loves is service His for weigh'd virtue The and For thews Grows crescent but of Perhaps his he soul : you doth his circumscrib'd own birth state sustain Denmark particular his in wisdom ; act to he yielding so of Then choice this whole depends , his not , you ; affection prodigal desire of to beauty in , heart too To Ophelia you your chaste my , moon danger of ear loss main voice credent honour may , enough : the the of and the is 'scapes itself oft Too The canker the blastments then this lies dew be she unmask before morn the are in And wary Contagious buttons spring liquid and disclos'd and not And Do Show Himself the like and dalliance reckless do . good good . heaven my , libertine , father comes . not here O double A you thou Nor any these stay'd here Look Of do hast soul and but being in . tried act their palm , unproportion'd thou , But them Those friends familiar unto habit ear thine censure entrance Bear't man Of Costly Take Give - th'opposed but but that ; purse can few thee thy reserve thy best thy , in thy oft proclaims rich fancy of the man buy , gaudy ; chief lender and be itself self the husbandry of . man thine as to in leave my , and said be false my thee . this lord your you well remember . keep it ? you keep of , said keep he keep And If keep well me not keep — free and and bounteous yourself of yourself , been hath , Ophelia keep something ; daughter my you and up late ? honour . the me to my Affection , his in do What He Of in such affection perilous for tenders Tender you'll yourself should girl , as circumstance ? call baby ; think pay true of . sterling he it ; go speech . phrase ; fool the to my heaven these extinct . with to , the , in both time a heat is . your as heat , his all given heat countenance almost the , springes heat light tongue the to vows Ay heat You in something your heat Than I heat heat Be must command scanter of much so Do Not But mere that believe his sanctified plain give to't I would . cold . air twelve of is No does spirit mean , held this his reels ; down rouse . pledge draughts of triumph The The his then not it heard What . swaggering drains kettle wassail The And pith marrow though ; So our our achievements addition traduc'd us to And the - oft Soil As By nature Since their for o'ergrowth wherein , cannot pales habit of chances tax'd breach heavy More His , Carrying in — the As particular that scandal much forts and — some Being all Doth To my , Be with thy intents from of health . they as take The may man the his it of a general ! damn'd hell of , us comes of of grace burst canoniz'd burst Wherein up , ponderous of his What of glimpses why ; thee such heaven or of spirit a I will Thou King Have of To cast Say It action it with we fools in again we ? you do not go . by not set what Do my , life , more it But What tempt me forth again thing what can I'll my , sea sovereignty base his you into toward ? of of the reason , to , that fee do follow . itself it The Without looks so many it place And shall You hands shall go my lord me not , follow , lion's your not in out Unhand me your . your . petty cries your makes Still say away I'll , He thee your . your Go — follow ; To ? your me lets the . him imagination obey Denmark this issue in rotten Speak thou lead ghost lend My and up , hear . sulph'rous render . but am , bound shalt when ? spirit What I thou I , thy done of . away crimes the So Speak term to the in , walk father's And for the tale knotted And Like quills this upon to must list O thy dear , foul and his ! List fretful hair the particular But flesh and thou didst If ever Revenge foul , me Haste As rots May sweep I duller not stung given That thou by Is The serpent Now wears his . my father's thou youth of process sleeping whole noble . ease in shouldst stir itself me ; that this Rankly wicked to will O So seduce that , Ay With wit From those I The To But soft let me though And prey I always of itself ! juice of Sleeping scent garbage . bed link'd angel radiant a on secure hebenon thy the within , orchard ; my morning a whose blood alleys gates most All sleeping smooth about mine , posset of distilment porches cursed And curd a as enmity and wholesome instant tetter hand dispatch'd sin horrible O imperfections , made And a I , life and crown Unhous'led Cut , blood like , like queen blossoms No even disappointed to head . incest ! not couch of and luxury all bed thou for my , my off reckoning But Taint Thus , of , unanel'd , was , worm Let A and - that ; nor pursu'st . fire Remember me pale to O sting thy To to Against mind aught her heaven act leave thy , sinews adieu hell up , ghost , grow . thee seat stiffly ! those thorns , heart ? from books Ay And bear thou But , I you And all you poor globe all and commandment and . be , pernicious all forms trivial . Remember my memory ? villain to in a so word are adieu , uncle least may tables , That So , the And My O matter is may am one villain 'Adieu , damned down Now sworn't lord Heaven . secure him . remember . lord . my there and . me you lord Come , Hamlet MARCELLUS my . ho news , it tell you'll is't my ? lord What my Good it lord , my wonderful . an arrant lord I heart Nor you , and , a But my us There To tell the and hands circumstance . lord dwelling my heaven this part you Denmark from all knave . in , no ghost And hold it , so Why I as as , your , without ; right every man and — you are These O'ermaster't is are you desire honest your , Yes . is me tell here Horatio heartily , to Patrick And It Give my What make lord My what lord poor now that Touching but request We you know . me Never ? MARCELLUS we . seen , scholars have , HORATIO , faith . I . in , there in , thou Art upon sword the fellow my Beneath Swear Never to . Swear . our speak gentlemen shift Then Come my this have seen , oath . this that by ? ubique of hands again again upon , hither of speak again lay said old Well again night pioner worthy heaven and wondrous again . give But again , again good so . fast again . th'earth ! And O are things of dreamt more and , There Than are How , or To put , you perchance or mercy such speak' ; your most Swear : of could and note do , might' . myself I As With That and aught ambiguous 'There and help to 'We or giving me Beneath all my friending . together I . and man commend . be Or grace poor me gentlemen ; do , do Hamlet us cursed right spite pray in as you to to do So is go , do O to notes do lord , Reynaldo do together , do these and I Before I behaviour , wisely , did intend , keep , nearer question sir , Reynaldo more you Paris Look , well 'not you if't in 'And may ; mean , his knowledge ; so please , and , say he's there , heed , most of , I he him And , but sir or Ay , lord . swearing charge on and ; him so far . the , faults that . this you the good I , lord should do lord Wherefore Ay Of the would my my of the on i' little sullies a a the soil'd a it sir here's fetch him laying Marry , the , my is ? son , working — 'gentleman' crimes assur'd ; sound consequence ' . this to does about Where or , sir — man the phrase or , be ? leave say did I . ' 'gentleman consequence' ' he , you sale' . forth such thus of brothel gaming he falling , He At 'closes 'closes At At with him Or , There closes in the thus or tennis' , and or I saw 'I There or saw bait And Shall With windlasses lecture Videlicet , indirections my son Your do and bias ? not me You , and former have you have , have . you my . lord in , him . let Farewell what's matter have ply ? affrighted , ankle stockings to my all his his doublet knocking in of , foul'd . piteous for , he with his and , knees , head lord Lord love I do ? And a if as Hamlet of took thy said he comes out purport thy me his brow hard to Then falls to thy Long shaking my arm ; thy arm , and truly thy all length . it — thus so shatter over done thy shoulder he all and thy face of and bulk thus hand a rais'd He his head That . to being did a head o'er stay'd up profound go me waving way without his little of mine piteous without the , turn'd eyes , lets , his . judgement did words undertakings of under am heaven hard as his ; natures any me mad . you hath to wreck thee . I . is ourselves proper beshrew my jealousy , King . to we in But it seems It cast is Come we hasty Welcome , More discretion be More Hamlet's Our that use to Rosencrantz we much Since th'exterior transformation , That his I his so pleasures occasion , I sure visitation your , as unknown there will our within he am gentlemen So draw him on to . time receive thanks , of talk'd are not you will good king's in ourselves both here up We , king's , lay king's , Put To To be king's king's king's too king's And these bring helpful and you and , visit Rosencrantz gentle and commanded your the . feet of and our practices him and And Heavens I Guildenstern and Th'ambassadors and our to return'd Ay and presence . hast Are Have I lord my ? I brain liege , King my my you to — the , think not to do trail that sure else I this my hold good good of , that And Give news My shall us'd Assure , my I Thyself me He The hath that O very do first be grace The tells head Well His and source queen my but o'erhasty sift , Say It , a sickness into borne his Upon Most His To Fortinbras falsely ; vow which in Highness , he whereat and , Polack shown , levied might for herein before please you dominions regards such entreaty as an Through On To give It As our at And That And it Meantime us us safety of us we us time read us is , is majesty liege rest thank to us Most , us Go welcome home . well , true that with art , at all , flourishes of ? madness is . 'tis A this defect pity use effect cause cause then . of of foolish no now . use — remainder by . mine mark use daughter duty . Now have — this me use That For and , celestial my use a is beautified surmise use will the out , And I it rather find grant , phrase : To That's effect say remains this have in , Who ill given the stars will vile a thou never Doubt am Ophelia Doubt I madam dear . Thine that evermore But I this ; I her from are move have , to above time hath But receiv'd machine ; me . man ? his , the wing think might . love out I did star . might you tell , me it seen had daughter this I As my I Or my Before What had dear Majesty love I mute table and with of resort make raves fast , a into now for . this think this Do been And Hath And madness we 'tis very declension , know have a likely , such there prov'd I'd fain . otherwise me this Take know it the may he walks . were though I How Mark And At But reason , thereon state . then arras he his farm it not If I time Be keep from the not and a Well , God - fishmonger ? lord leave away mercy my a so you I Then , my I well Do You . man , know you Excellent Honest , my . being one is thousand ten lord ? to goes , a in maggots very have . is was Friend look lord . my , but Still — What him this I'll first that daughter How me gone And not . truly said I words , the Words again , is do extremity He far ; lord he , lord my ? satirical the matter slave ; you read old men grey have you if method my , the to a I honesty sir though I have . gum weak potently you most ; with - plum Aside . Will madness , out Into o' the means , from , well you withal You cannot honourable could lord not the take my , sir except , Fare life the Hamlet old tedious These ; you save ye , Ah ; earth of are of my lord or , her Fortune's that we most her Faith Fortune O are the cap shoe happy . button ? is the ? of Then the Then you you your doomsday particular is . What Prison Denmark's Then confines worst a makes to none in . th' a in bounded , God Why is and narrow nutshell for a count too I shadow . dream light court and monarchs shadow my fay by a I servants for dreadfully most rest GUILDENSTERN . For we beggars Shall shadows , you , friendship the and you my , am even my , in . such speak you an beaten way lord , your sent ? my , let me teach To what King Queen , better could of you proposer direct and end me or ? say you me If . eye Guildenstern To for more dear me you rights of our sent were , a of What for shall we sent . no moult Queen Queen my , Queen all so and a you with fretted air the Queen indeed so , King goes heavily my Queen not it to , lost me Queen express ; seem me how how a man , form of Queen and in Man by you did world , an faculties What , in of ? of think , players receive the laugh lord shall smiling delights stuff no said 'Man when such , hither the gratis were for't shall you , they take city ? comes better was means when did ? they followed the delight they are players such wont travel profit their chances it think , and quality children afraid are most of endeavour tyrannically aerie . they so for't , the . in berattle afterwards has , they . Who grow are no . rapiers What so there to . pursue are they longer against their — to than . and thither ? writers ? escoted say ? not they they is better they players common on their succession and while cuffs went the nation no , money holds in a the too his . it Is't been has about of , The You . the are with you the , southerly I the the north but the mad the , be - hawk from not them time the he's Happily you baby , you to come twice sir My a Monday morning the . 'twas Mark indeed in , When news . come , my honour in actors best , pastoral the - writ comical pastoral - heavy , liberty the too pastoral , his . Upon individable pastoral on each , for historical historical of judge and cannot The - treasure The What 'One which — passing my on right Still fair Why he treasure a no well thou . loved , daughter and my well , lord I Am . not Nay What follows not wot , know follows . have a , that by and pious all welcome The row It my to old my , O thou beard me in ! you comes glad Thy ring God to nearer friend I like it more , For . God you , abridgement ? Denmark is chopine a , e'en ladyship cracked , speech , What We'll Come , within Come received remember . us , Pray give a French like , to't passionate it but cried the one the matters for said more fine honest an than and of savoury digested such scenes were in it the Priam's slaughter to phrase down top I the of with in might the , of , no — sallets as mine in there no but handsome called But . tale , so he his rugged not The more dismal the total Black he , the with begins whose did it in . see me , let your resemble . sable Pyrrhus this heraldry at is couched dread gules he impasted a That their thus and And eyes Old So gules seeks the Priam spoken , vile lend gules with the wrath streets daughters in with and hellish horridly gules , gules trick'd gore , gules , a coagulate parching Roasted well gules With To like Repugnant Priam to his to too Anon drives and , where His him lies . blow and whiff Greeks antique accent , good proceed , wide fell his rage at command wind . seem'd was to But with the his a as like see against will Pyrrhus the i' , some the the to lo , flaming a his to senseless , this base . with crash stick stand nothing we , neutral heavens vengeance did , on forg'd Mars's rend the armour falls take strumpet Now , general synod ! proof hammers a new Cyclops' , Priam , thunder Pyrrhus' work fall , and region the ; the dreadful her away down , the the As spokes thou low , with tale beard your a for It ; of come a bawdry . he , of hill fiends the too to and the long Hecuba to good mobled up , rheum 'The down clout threat'ning is . all good ? robe a upon ! 'Mobled A and blanket this she the , in , 'Gainst burst them In make in did sword clamour that o'erteemed , for — and stood th'alarm of have see treason fear tongue with gods saw with mortal move of Fortune's A milch passion turn'd has have thee not And players the well bestowed rest more the you in the . eyes no of at not the all , in's colour , were report better , he are , Use better I lord man , merit after every epitaph bad according after . brief and while abstracts a their . desert and . own your in Use . is them friends friend old , they . I could Ay night , You would set . play down my lord The tomorrow play you Murder . sirs ? not for that are My You . To Very Good lord my friends and , Elsinore . to look mock you my , rogue b' wi' his her in what a not fiction , eyes , whole soul his and visage Now ye peasant player own wan'd ! all his passion slave conceit , that his , monstrous and . dream his Hecuba him should he the weep conceit , to Hecuba the appal and guilty he her horrid cue ear and , eyes and and with for would ? tears , indeed the he to What for motive ? general to ignorant a dull damn'd calls and nothing John And Upon me , gives me it breaks blows deep me Plucks can , and . dear unpregnant , most made property . not rascal a for mettled amaze of . ears was the beard defeat whose - A Like nose pigeon make I treacherous slave's With ass am vengeance ! lecherous ! to , an should , the ere for , or kindless bawdy does the and should throat region liver'd it ? Bloody all : fatted my whore , revenge I a my fall like And About very I ! a at of the organ it to ! Fie cursing unpack my Foh hell father like a play This I of murder'd , presently the soul cunning , creatures sitting ! upon't brain uncle the quick I'll . mine most With For Been have though like course the a my shape pleasing to Out he weakness that he observe . devil melancholy the such with and of will If his ; my malefactions no have the , players have perhaps , spirits potent is to damn . me , than I'll by can why no drift quiet grounds have play's the I'll the this this and him With turbulent harshly he you confess find him crafty But But cause bring him a Of madness be no dangerous himself . some keeps means , lunacy distracted sounded feels he all by to on receive he Most his but question Did forcing a , in well you , demands disposition gentleman ? like free Did Madam there on , assay raught think , him play to To hear - him out certain . way they about that his of our we reply to any Of it night of seem I 'Tis beseech'd he And all To heart hear To my , purpose give inclin'd doth to most true entreat the ; see to much him before content , drive gentlemen we , Gertrude Sweet We For have sent us for accident . Ophelia that encounter myself as , lord Hamlet hither . these on delights . espials 'twere of That gather And Her father th'affliction I your so beauties , for wildness good shall . for I happy . way obey you is , unseen . or seeing , him , cause your hope I wonted his part to : To Gracious — walk such We — show . much prov'd exercise . may it so Read may blame devotion's to , again , we action And The devil of cheek to with more Aside . beautied ! thing my to ugly , O heavy plastering give true my . lord my . that art 'tis that , himself Let's him coming not and arrows outrageous mind that the of be in is against burden withdraw : 'tis them by - heart That , be flesh ; and is more to perchance have us this off . ay , a thousand To death die 'tis die a of — to sleep sleep To sea and say the to calamity pause No of shuffled wrong of oppressor's That When he The bodkin the sweat Who , the would of undiscover'd the dispriz'd , whips proud and law's the love the , quietus the scorns There's of respect the make the unworthy and so the office and returns country that grunt bare the The thus does to makes And the conscience the the cowards know puzzles we Nymph of bear of with others that we bourn after ills those of resolution all bear of not weary a under something , bear , thought cast pith native hue bear this the Ophelia all my bear honour thank you Good lord bear , remembrances well remember'd . orisons now awry thy , day ? action their you well have longed I to you never you I so of these more rich aught unkind the ; well . deliver - re No gave long them breath to givers , poor There ; my things wax ? you Are ? fair My . lord honest discourse no Are ! when fair honest and What lord will beauty , to of a commerce honesty your honesty honesty . power have the than I lord have we shall my Indeed the more . it , for virtue ; you me paradox force sometime , but beauty gives love once , believed but mother my knaves , in . believe none as your At had yet could borne at my . breeder me not give I a wouldst deceived proud very or them offences be I imagination home arrant put them thoughts it ambitious such nunnery upon shut you Farewell that . this , what enough . him . play may he heavens . lord thy help give , house pure : know go , heavenly nunnery too paintings more another yourselves marriages , it and restore enough are hath , well too ! make wilt . thou if ; and Or made are that God's shall on't rose and the the of Th'expectancy The courtier's O soldier's and observers , fashion all , quite mould here is , state of wretched vows fair o'erthrown married eye tongue , scholar's keep as and his most and ladies of suck'd unmatch'd out , most T'have That sweet with ecstasy though it most that do , of tune feature most blown me , soul , way see is youth most sovereign see . have affections most and honey the O not There's melancholy his madness like I most be I do . the doubt O'er down and with seas Thus Will which which quick our neglected for shall he , objects , countries determination to the on something lack'd in brood , sits form and danger of : some not in origin do his Whereon From shall us Lord . what if heard You from of brains still But puts . commencement now of yet think his I you beating shall What hold it tell not and his I'll all Your send their be his plac'd show Of To England shall she If so must , mother all , the after alone you her think find lord do as you please , where . fit so let or please be . It great in mouth , it as I Nor - all . be shall not . players saw for gently you , may robustious capable fellow of such are , rags soul , and temperance as I give to a warrant Herods Herod neither honour for but you the of own whipped of the inexplicable groundlings , it . dumb of smoothness it split the whirlwind it a o'erdoing discretion let word but your word your , is , and pressure the censure though the off body of was and of form of others praise others laugh 'twere , own , be , which whose the , Now image to of , scorn not accent the neither Nature's journeymen having , have , the man they altogether the hope of imitated For that the those let that on with men the made abominably clowns that then the of of the and so us , And the . villainous meantime set the . fool that That's some to How King hear the . my lord it , shows necessary a ? work ? and question there Go barren uses now in too the Will lord my Bid GUILDENSTERN to haste that piece presently . them . and players ROSENCRANTZ What you will sweet , Here Horatio As e'er , my cop'd e'en lord , O , lord ! your , at as withal a , thou advancement may not do , revenue crook the , no what And let fawning the thy hope should mistress , all herself follow , thee ; from , lick but the pomp poor flatter . hear choice Dost may soul , distinguish tongue of thee in that equal not a are judgement , As Hath man stop core , Something , slave passion's are not do thee , too and Give so heart much the in , please . for And and are nothing thou rewards Fortune's co mingled those , suffering thanks For - that of of my before tonight of play . told ghost that unkennel damned not Do , with imaginations are uncle , my one my of of have foul note join , face his we act a soul death King the father's , thy guilt foot , thou the . very thee comes , occulted speech heedful both will stithy mine after censure we eyes , of aught detecting this , If In , whilst I I will the the a play . our his is theft , must pay judgements play playing , Well will . King . flourish Enter cannot , i' cousin dish you others , so capons . Queen and , fares crammed How A th'university now my To mine Julius . you was lord My say and , enact ; these words . once play'd Hamlet Polonius you lord What , nor you . him of part my you dear upon stay players you ? a capital kill so your I me you i' th' . there you lord mother O ho good hither Ay King Lady shall , in lord upon , I lie ! you attractive your ? more metal . my , nothing meant I you thought What lord country maids' lie ? lap matters your my head lord , to is ? I You Who lord my , Ay maker . my died within's but man lord . merry my my What , hours mother two months , black wear man's great . 'tis may then his ago whose outlive , and for forgotten a . But O is or life and my lord my . two the memory twice looks a makes Queen horse - poison him . pours The his and hobby of Lays the neck her show lovingly the epitaph ' and he bank comes Anon . is protestation ; 'For forgot very it upon , The gifts with her . the What miching my , mallecho , dead . is seems lord and Mutes , comes in ears , Poisoner but loth body or King his four accepts end means is Queen the by this show know tell this him to the argument the players cannot of it ; imports means mischief . counsel the : all tell shame show you , For Here stooping us hearing I'll clemency patiently your for naught you not it : tragedy , Be ashamed , the As 'Tis salt thirty moons and dozen cart . did bands thirties with Phoebus' . posy brief woman's , sheen borrow'd and , wash commutual hearts have , and are . you from far So But So many again is me , Yet lord , though so the love I must , know holds it and our be late sacred journeys you in most sun sick former nothing , aught fear my great women's leave as , their this fair leave , functions and proof one world to are is hath and fear siz'd the great powers thee grow , love For love second husband confound must kill'd who . None O the let rest me , in haply . first my — thou needs second but of time base do believe second When we is but but Of what respects , in marriage but me , oft kisses . second kisses husband my none kill fruit kisses A Are you do Most To What to pay kisses violence enactures the we ourselves grief , kisses joy what is forget be sticks mellow we kisses to that purpose propose to slave birth , poor , joy unshaken when not loves should Their own most our 'tis love man advanc'd , fortune lead is a great down makes our with us his of his hollow nor to not accident most 'tis fortunes else favourite love prove slender revels lament . flies ; a fortune never love hitherto needs doth friends , Directly orderly and , wilt still wills devices thoughts food ours repose me , first overthrown are ends husband hope thy second . try doth begun of none own no friend him seasons to end no desperation cheer turn me my when lock no and widow , Meet no opposite she a If no should I and be the , now awhile beguile no break of destroy , strife be lasting ! trust prison blanks have from my it and dull sworn Sweet day grow Sleep brain The thy mischance between rock us sleep fain . I twain , come . like The , the jest , poison they you lady protests keep there word she'll ? this play methinks . her much , too but Marry we 'tis , in anon that Lucianus , souls call jade ; how ? of name play call Duke's piece Tropically withers it This play in jest call i' th' : call you the is have wince call Vienna Mousetrap a keen call are you lord love , to better and chorus , if my . good , the . keen your dallying Still . husbands . hands begin apt else raven , creature midnight , dire usurp and of , croaking Pox . murderer bellow take groaning leave ; collected drugs rank , no blasted for's very choice estate in th'garden He Thy the The King . Gonzago's of infected His shall property wife false with How . me Give , Lights o'er the Give All . What , Would play . weep , sleep the on , players feathers . roses Provincial of . Damon Of shoes fortunes turn play deer world my ? a forest of while some watch , Turk a fellowship ; the runs So a one , You take good rhymed . reigns ghost's O realm dismantled This Jove himself and now pajock . perdie for . lord of . a word not not music well like Sir , a vouchsafe , The King his Is my should to show sir , drink rather more far him choler plunge start , signify to richer ? him not would this and the to . choler his more sir so . perhaps sent do . be the of not . affliction , sir tame to you most a this You please ; wit's Make you not , your you , can you , commandment a no Then Therefore more shall answer . wholesome make to says the the a mother hath her , you amazement and , say — my you as But sir say such you no answer , matter . of so behaviour stonish thus , that heels or . her in can with us you ? these by were she trade you My shall And I any further the Have We is what door How Good so do you , succession the why , with would proverb is something me drive ? of the Denmark voice Sir lack you I have in your deny grows withdraw I Will To unmannerly pipe . pray me Believe I know as 'Tis , easy But cannot command I give it lying music . any , to know a you ; excellent music you make it me stops my of ! in you upon . from thing to eloquent these , look you and you My lord that's cloud would how would mystery yet God speak you , would yonder me a bless Queen ? a , you cannot it a and is a is Do so . whale a to Contagion Soft business Now bitter my as to day out of time and And do look , of not thy . very is I . night , hot drink I such to When on be daggers words she soul , be in to heart lose world never shent hypocrites use ; blood could this soul O Let my he England shall us near And his him nor I To to range and How them us grow stands , forthwith it safe is it bodies live keep holy estate not with along doth hourly with safe and single To That spirit itself from peculiar those and provide majesty draw rest and gulf It . it it upon the of keep lives near What's not strength . The things wheel massy like To all The whose and 'noyance The whose King of more mind the weal but of a cease ; the huge Fix'd To Attends small on Each sigh , to with upon Never consequence when annexment you will . groan which , adjoin'd Are lord petty , footed pray Which And as To For , I will free haste goes we put now My 'Tis speech tell is . heaven — I'll hear you that of , It Though My I double strong bound , my offence brother's , To wash And both thicker not as heavens , mercy this if prayer ere ? be To possess'd ! snow the I what up . snow ? retain of snow shove queen snow . and snow currents pardon'd own which I , my snow murder foul my me down , since Offence's it repent not rests ; above of and nature what give to the evidence wretched limed to it ! lies What can when . be . assay there , we then shuffling . and teeth what To . Now I'll I . my reveng'd . pat now to praying death . new ! babe be and father . he would villain revenge ; so for , bread a drunk , 'Tis To And And , black in't damn'd , hell Or him circumstance stands broad crimes his all With The but it as thy . kick some of or purging the in Up When to heaven . stays act and mother goes be may salvation of relish has That Then Tell Much . with broad lay be Pray you Mother mother you , round , I , warrant . I'll hath Look bear , the ? thy much . me matter coming Withdraw go Mother come now , are You were not the how with , Come forgot your , me , you not so . mother ? set you till speak budge up , down , you go , you you ? that part inmost ? glass shall you of you me wife brother's You to ho , help Help now . set , Dead How ! help Thou the do rat ducat ! dead help see . What Behind I me what rash not hast marry and and ? Is , a know bloody As your hands better rash 'twas . fortune word kill wretched thy . stuff so , made proof braz'd done , I — farewell — king thy danger you thy ? heart sense so for wag , tongue heart Such grace fair act of modesty , heart there of and an against me heart Peace . your have bulwark an oaths from as takes deed a marriage heart . heart hypocrite dicers' the soul of rhapsody A , tristful The thought visage words body O rude of Heaven's and as the , at , blister Ay and act contraction Makes , forehead sets As here counterfeit what upon loud , compound doth sweet picture presentment The curls , Mars like grace - Is roars Hyperion's , See A lighted a and two brothers this the in and on of combination New your was is give every A , Where on Here Blasting And Could call like a man his moor - And hey You the Would day it ? To step from you reserv'd ecstacy so sure was Nor to waits thus quantity madness motion this the cannot on upon batten To mope . shame hell of O Ears Could without a cozen'd hath thou own virtue , feeling some to not could Else sense for part And ardour itself frost And part To flaming compulsive mutine part If part turn'st I Hamlet O Thou And part let matron's , part bones . their black see rank corruption the nasty not Stew'd bed love ears , spots grained will mine These slave words that , part ; sweet Over A not the of more . diadem the vice . No . mine ; kings and heavenly You and king mad your rule , empire ! stole lets command , wings figure ? your with The , Do on and bodies . soul fighting O say and your acting look with you ? go by , eye your your Is step Conceit But , almost blunted mother Hamlet her sits purpose thy , is't How That with at , Your Sprinkle On bedded and how , you Whereon and hairs the incorporal air spirits in in . soldiers wildly peep how with thy like , stand Upon make want Would form with effects colour ; speak Then capable cause action pale , son O up flame of you My Do ; yet all that ourselves hear this . piteous . Lest this what there see Nothing look father ! look as out habit you . you cunning creation at . Ecstasy in ! very Is pulse as This This bodiless makes the from keep not of speaks coinage in , madness test , grace to ulcerous within heaven the unction flattering matter as the trespass skin Confess mining film and corruption It And Repent not that Mother . utter'd avoid what the my compost , time It Bring will . your me to ; for - music is , him for of the them To , curb fatness pursy pardon heart good beg on , is of . but madness yourself worser with part cleft to and not what's Forgive this to weeds do half uncle's it if not leave me these twain , not the purer go mine other of eat good frock a gives use virtue O night is you a throw the And , thou the doth in more ; and all it . this tonight livery have to , O angel , are And when potency the change The kind or a devil can Once desirous . For To That yet , actions habits likewise the custom monster That the use repent ; beg you more to will again and this pleas'd be stamp next on lend . hath good kind scourge , cruel their the and only . him gave The me be and this begins word shall bad be bestow must , him behind to it so , do mouse to , will punish I must means that do I the And Or ? bed his call tempt King bloat answer night lady for neck pair , bid I more . a queen a but that's paddock 'Twere am all , kisses damn'd him a do , know his reechy , madness , fair to in no What this Let Pinch mad from dear , birds , That a Such wanton your a cheek with good the the neck like ? in matter gib , you , Who of life thou assur'd thou And break your own try if to must and Let For who concernings and basket down and hide fly on of bat , so secrecy top famous breath to . no and hast And Be the , words that and There's had , I , so I I and I England and seal'd : forgot 'Tis concluded two must Let know 'Tis way , mines O packing , sport me 'Tis knavery the into line in them But 'Tis at moon yard delve guts night most set one petard the will 'Tis fang'd they , his 'Tis it and adders , grave you with night life good lug now was , foolish an , shall the . meet most sweet . man . knave . mother toward a . two most . them profound counsellor is these most Is You this lord , on place Bestow matter Good These I does ? seen little us have ? when the Behind his arras . In Hamlet , hearing the the sea mightier Whips ; 'tis ! what Where good your and , this unseen brainish out rapier something rat liberty so The And 'A . all bloody to full O been His It Mad What you yourself old cries man To ; haunt heavy deed been answer'd be out and disease he is let foul was so But how had from a what owner keep But We short laid young not the life , he Where of is , had there deed us it . was to everyone away come . Among O He of for ! base mountains done some kill'd it most gone ? hath metals very of sooner him excuse — Gertrude mineral Shows To the apart madness body . Ho madness join all weeps what this skill deed Guildenstern and , majesty and further , bring haste you , in Hamlet Friends countenance you Polonius some go will with must sun The ship hence , slain in to , and hath with our ! him mean dragg'd mother's both hath wisest diameter his to cannon his Transports level whisper call pray done what's know the full And And And , Into seek aid . out him the let chapel soul woundless poison'd My untimely miss what blank our dismay stowed Hamlet is as both up ROSENCRANTZ Safely . the with lord Tell us Compounded Who Hamlet , it take you Hamlet , that . Hamlet , we . thence Hamlet 'tis come . not with Hamlet done your what keep can Hamlet 'tis , to it by , mine what believe chapel the Believe ? my , service his needs in officers an like , of But such do the King best corner soaks them Ay his the sponge counsel and have , lord shall you the I ; ape , my sleeps must he you : when sponge speech I sir Take glad swallowed squeezing it body with of , and , is foolish . you fox Hide , A , to . Bring nothing . a find and thing where and go to but A is King body : him , the put it I is him this strong but goes scourge multitude my him all . that seek me law all loose , on ! eyes even all away body the ; desperate bear . are not pause This the He's Yet now is ? How Deliberate Where sudden 'tis lov'd . sending reliev'd lord To Diseases smooth seem , befall'n bestow'd from . desperate offence What my him , Ho at We ! us At Bring before , is cannot where . where's Hamlet Guildenstern lord he , supper Now At Your he of ? A your , us fat but . and worm one your and e'en , to beggar table but end of That's is lean else is we emperor and , thou fed this ? a guts fat the diet that that him to of that may man king . by a ? If alas hath of worm progress a beggar go if up shall place i' . Where Polonius how see within heaven show to you may . messenger , the a through not find there . go indeed lobby you . we . as thine find To him seek this thou hast tender deed , For will stay must prepare seek come thee safety England ready do and Ay Hamlet For For tend fiery send hence is everything and ? Farewell ; But , Good them is England purposes our knew'st , Hamlet come thou England , and ! England is . man . for loving sees see mother Away Delay Follow flesh Father and My man . Come hence you him him father Tempt have thee Danish Pays — thou and give and which , process to thy That seal'd aught , done and Pray th'affair . at it for ; may , Hamlet in Do , us homage sword looks imports it know Howe'er thou sovereign yet if on , great . my my And letters like hectic . of the must For Our were Danish march . blood rages ; king eye aught a , haps cure present by our duty . that Over Craves that the kingdom him know . my conveyance Captain , ne'er him I . sir , these sir pray you of Good purpos'd , Against They . them part sir , of them ? Poland them them addition them it it Polack profit but farm . them thousand straw this defend th'imposthume Will much the not then , That will , thousand This Why Two debate is Yes the already no shows inward the peace souls and twenty and dies of , me us wisdom but , one too To — scruple part not this oblivion ever three parts say to do I , and cause have . gross will to yet I army And Sure but he Looking A fust Sith thinking I Bestial th'event on precisely Of Why , Examples strength charge puff'd , dare to invisible mass , me exhort , and , then I , of like fantasy kill'd a mother , continent a from cause for plot forth . nothing thoughts My the When have The be Go the That hide slain Which graves cannot enough and the fight time Whereon is O , try tomb not , or in she heart , gestures own at it , with minds much might be she make Indeed the to collection yet - unhappily . may ill spoken sure Dangerous conjectures come breeding Let soul Yet winks 'Twere would hearers as , Which . strew prologue , amiss ? of is in as her is . shoon his love know song pray , this ? lady imports He dead He sweet Say How his At Alas you you . green and and ? Nay mark gone gone dead a heels head ! daughter your Lord table , God . lady pretty we say father when they : you . you , do the owl be not words but , this Valentine's betime morning be ask clothes , on't out oath Gis an And rose maid without By to come me wed before they fie , Indeed departed cannot my , So You me tumbled blame . night coach shall brother yonder . to will men Young it ladies And good ; be so think well . lay thank would must you give is from close , O Follow her , this sorrows in But Of his good Next For Thick , and - hugger In own Polonius' as and Feeds brother his is wonder not in , to buzzers keeps himself or come containing as from With In O stick speeches fair France in secret we which mugger pictures , ear matter dear in Gertrude his pestilent Wherein on And to and Gives what the them matter . Let ? Where my a . necessity Will murdering impetuous list , me yourself my ? call a in , Laertes as not the What ! Laertes and ratifiers Caps 'Choose The , cry , tongues rabble , known head , ocean Than hands , 'Laertes the , They The How Sirs are stand this we applaud Laertes trail me come , broke on king ' dogs cheerfully is counter you Danes let's , king O false all . doors leave . Calmly , without I pray you thank . We will will give O . No me Laertes unsmirched . mother my Of cuckold between here the the drop Cries I blood , brands the me ? brow like our Tell man ? me it king - what fear so divinity , not peep . incens'd cause looks is go but can of my Let hedge Dead — to Do by . doth , him will . father demand not be juggled blackest with ! to I be ! pit , But came , and Conscience I That Let Who shall , Vows to give I not Let hell the dead both To How point , comes throughly certainty little with I'll them , so well , world father my ; this . only come . the for in Laertes to death you They My my Good desire None my arms ; pelican blood rendering . ope then a sensibly most does day to your grief your in true father's . death , it gentleman to your her come What noise is that mine Tears paid of . sister , beam and brains virtue the love in some precious is't possible it possible loves and , instance thing possible possible of where man's life Ophelia sweet young old an a possible possible bore They It And on non you wits It , It and thou thy it not and , a didst . persuade thus - that his stole , thoughts remembrance Sundays you rue and for . madness , may document for We a call and all . difference bonny and For And of Christian all Do , me must and I deny whom your commune . hear of you choice Laertes shall If they find touch'd us our direct or ; will , we , satisfaction and lend we it jointly in And you To crown Be you To give your us , and give , collateral due soul . me hand but so by be That So hatchment , death of means to noble , his in . with question Let rite I I fall earth — o'er obscure sword , you me great that ? you . speak have . with are from part for of would them Sailors . should , not if in Let They from you for letter England for you thou when , you to the shalt pirate a too ourselves at . fellows valour you ship in and , me , But they you mercy the King boarded of slow you have of have bound am I They was . to became as thou I , to they will . England . have I much are yet letters what of . ear bore am I for speak like repair words of And to thou the . them the him To may direct me for course your do't I He that from for a ear , But against so and So Why It , were all slain friend , feats , me in , nature tell things his , mother much unsinew'd seem strong perhaps either other bear The — motive soul for and ; be it which , his in sphere , arrows stone to that bow aim'd father terms them wind , him , loud so graces timber'd reverted I spring love his that have Would Would Whose so not And A have driven on , sister perfections . challenger are pastime sleeps beard shortly teach lord How That And This , stuff of will . danger hear with more , Hamlet the brought I brought they him shall hear . know shall kingly occasions . Queen to ? not them am of ? come return hand 'alone ' . me postscript Can you him character it , am I lost It in in What And Or is Know warms How , otherwise ? me ? so , not rul'd Laertes my me return'd he work that and to ; a o'errule so live be be be you it , peace by now will be . means him shall uncharge organ your since right , I wind And Did And You they been It talk'd together Of one not did , pluck shine , quality , youth becomes him the my unworthiest of livery and against — the wears less my and been he such seen Importing health was myself , a the age the the he . and far incorps'd beast I the he doing . short of So demi , this his horse natur'd what of A . the That With For all a your , especially masterly defence sight indeed their , nor confession well made you brooch report in be . you cried and such of most out He And That envenom Did sudden Laertes , you your envenom of That Now envenom Sir for match he was like envenom envenom I Not envenom Hamlet nothing do but with of heart you ask What , envenom of , dear without out envenom a to sorrow love not this ? you . proof of abate it you we , you your you father time begun did you love know that But And kind his do you That back : you ; pleurisy . a snuff that will , would 'would' th'ulcer o' spendthrift accidents , sigh in ; quick son close within But sanctuarize Laertes . would by this easing But ? on you bounds th' church should keep know set put We'll should you Hamlet return'd gave the and heads from ; foils little with not sword The Most And Will for I'll do't for shuffling so varnish shall shall a on Frenchman Or I him Requite that but a knife mountebank virtue from , my will your a , free , I With Under Where simples from simples simples simples a or second let cunnings simples , simples to are your on proof back not to further It venom'd may for When have what convenience of time . sipping but , drink in better our drift look our might me , Laertes , drown'd . a Drown'd follow that As make chalice for ; I'll . glassy where grows , daisies grosser sliver coronet herself bore of snatches Her and own of chaunted incapable , brook . native distress could But a like creature . her weeping her , wretch heavy To the Or one she time the - As Which And Unto that that long it and drink they her But tears custom . trick what say will it out , Adieu douts folly that that The shame therefore much our , poor , Now this buried in I this had let's when straight burial own in and finds make own Christian , Christian an argal : wittingly that on her therefore her grave defence hath , come it , that the But water that you not mark to , man . act herself do wittingly and drown he this is Argal . himself his he not law crowner's had more hang drown on't the Ay , life been that hold ? Christian , truth buried this Christian a but have gentlemen none ever had , even in this my spade a bore . I'll , carpenter to . How ? thou Could Why was the first that thou mason well does . gallows the ill that good digg'd If me not to . ill may . and unyoke , that me builds well well those than church Now , carpenter ? To't Who the ? well gallows built thee the , a dull ass . doomsday Mass tell Ay , now tell , love did it O To beating thy no , get say . a , grave - feeling love sweet , his little hand O contract , in him employment the been such could if As Hath But the made a hath the daintier How the the this which , lord , courtier of ! This a in I into . knave now ? lord , beg . meant might one's ' murder to skull tongue , be the 'twere my , such it - but on't think revolution fine Mine Here's Lady my , when could be might say to the we . made is , loggets at see't a sexton's now and spade my O quiddits Why There's another , pickaxe spade clay guest a a pit that , and be in's will rude knave to knock cases be sheet . for to be his tenures of a his of fine , his full lie of of pate fine a no breadth have more sheep lord . skins - conveyances himself inheritor parchment They this my lord , fellow calves . Mine a . calf out seek Whose too for of For O a be think I lie my lie in't and 't it will lie for again thou liest . therefore , in't lie lie sir , indeed lie to be quick ; man For What For lie lie dost lie from me you . she's three these must We Horatio by I have , peasant the the her neither then sir . dead comes long taken ? How that came Hamlet year grave so grown i' of heel it near , days the was , Every the . absolute How us undo th' Cannot you , marry young tell How long I o'ercame is is mad was England into there or he as there as . and mad the . they , strangely How seen ? great Why came ; he his there there mad How say Faith a e'en with — die th'earth will , man rotten year . A tanner in laying long nine the trade that ? he a will sore another you will last ? many . your earth the of last lain was water your he he decayer in think was hath nine it Whose was now . great , so skull a is tann'd And - Nay sir , it Rhenish flagon , jester , knew . abhorred my him hath how . lips in , fancy your the ? chop those hung now tell her be at . to , now not My gorge thousand infinite Takes see on know ! how flashes What's , oft that , jest . Where times and . your your that a of fellow his now , mock merriment chamber must come tell me Pah so smelt ? my E'en so return E'en lord ! consider to curiously too find Horatio . may till we And my , whereto him it he to jot lead not , faith , Alexander likelihood noble To uses may to a Imperious that a Caesar and why of . thus the he is earth ; to the . comes awe turn'd wind , doth that flaw might with died winter's Trains is Who courtiers life did t'expel with some . the t'expel hand estate and ? following but t'expel ! wall earth Should O t'expel Mourners ! maimed . very , t'expel is That t'expel Fordo The Laertes What warranties unsanctified in great should but that obsequies a What have have as else command trumpet is and her o'ersways Her been . For pebbles , And She the Yet Till flints Her Must and should burial . bringing home . of parted service rest . her the souls to be , priest , the Ophelia liest thou , from her to her shall , As tell and . angel I violets May spring A minist'ring Scattering I I have - And thy flowers shouldst the sweet been that on treble thy strew'd , maid . Farewell Hamlet's , strew'd , strew'd arms while . made have . strew'd , dead strew'd mountain you mine sorrow makes strew'd Dane blue he is Pelion quick What the the or Bears Conjures such with . him Thou take have For I Grappling an Hamlet the The wiseness me fingers pray'st thy not I Hamlet am thy soul ; throat ! hand , take devil , thy . be quiet him , Gentlemen ! asunder ! will my eyelids son my O Until , no quantity wilt ; sum all their longer theme of do thou , with Why Good my will forty What with fight what , he , lov'd not my O 'Swounds ? to here , our them throw ground will . tear a I grave ? zone , well Nay the , mouth , him female work : will , madness as rant . against acres thou outface . Dost with her come thou me is mere wart of with , on are couplets the ; thus is ? matter you that you . he his do himself , will you is What When ever But her This thus ; may have day what it use dog Horatio wait your the matter some present ; push speech upon me him . our . proceeding a shall quiet patience we shortly in our watch living this for You there , my , remember sir , Remember the in So Till Now do me was all . it be do pall the sleep me let kind ? the see know us let my ! a . that sometime heart in and — should , fine had the desire my . is my about in manners , cabin certain we our , most where , exact room and ! most packet making , Horatio most reasons , life my England's , in most unseal command an many Denmark's bugs health ; forgetting own sea from most me ; them , several , sorts withdrew most I commission Importing such and and , to so , axe possible ? of leisure in the . villanies me it I . you how , hear did more grinding be read beseech I begun Devis'd Or thus could had A a I did hold fair me to I once How baseness benetted to effect did forget the commission , yeoman's of service write new An Ay ; As earnest my . tributary wear garland , thou sir statists and , now lord faithful the know , to more of comma still like his them wheaten like view such stand 'tween the 'as'es - many on Without should And He even in my Which How the the had the further - this up th'impression of signet put allow'd seal'd in know'st and model father's sudden ? seal heaven . day next it ordinant my that was sequent was safely plac'd Now already the : this employment defeat . nature incensed conscience make did near their when Between Why the dangerous by not They Why sea changeling The , So , own 'Tis man Does pass mighty a stand me , th'election is't with with let of is't And my king my his cozenage this arm angle , and whor'd now ! this thee that He To quit in out is the must be shortly canker In be man's It And hath evil of the am image I The sure bravery . very interim is there from England . 'One' , Horatio passion myself I favours Denmark back welcome to grief I'll tow'ring . did ; my of comes No , thank vice chough beast a let mess fertile ; good sir 'tis be of possession for ; more humbly is lordship the lordship diligence from my ; leisure king's the gracious thank right if you 'tis , very cold your ; me It is sultry my use , indifferent 'tis , hot lord for , my 'twere that the you as bade . your his is is ; it it lord , great , Methinks head I lord faith come to to of , good in find speak you , excellent my beseech wager ; of him Laertes on for me mine , he ease , in him very is of of a or , the differences of definement , feelingly shall of court suffers his of . great of quick of the ? of in wrap infallibly . of gentleman You will rawer more do't of umbrage him , this all's , Laertes ? tongue , Of of nomination empty not imports purse already are yet you ; in faith , sir , me approve is confess are sir you You that but not did sir , dare would lest know man well excellence ? did should but ; what . Well to himself him excellence him on unfellowed imputation in ? weapon he's , and the carriages , laid . against the rapiers French Barbary horses Three the . hilts most had ere liberal responsive to ? margin the done of . the by edified carriages to matter you on carry and could French might hangers sir must would The . carriages against , six : imponed in not Why conceited horses sides Barbary liberal hath this French The , hits immediate to He How . lord , exceed sir shall King you our come laid is , in walk my trial that I day time , with the . hall your ? If the I nothing Let opposition the , odd e'en ? your will I , him flourish nature for's . the hits . and else . tongues head has a only — and yeasty of kind most their of the suck'd habit them I that time the with comply collection but outward . them and out trial do ; My through know blow He , brings . time who to if . Thus fanned the Laertes attend , him constant to my purposes . they as now or . Now , in the that or with him his longer If . whensoever you not The . think practice perhaps is no gain . trouble heart odds it would . giving ill continual how in been - I it are it leaves he , 'tis what will special will not a obey woman of providence if ; Hamlet , no Since is but foolery not now , forestall come readiness leave ; heard wrong done sore you , and madness exception Hamlet was Never be himself your am pardon't come pardon , as awake me your Give Let If And Then does this . audience a from disclaiming me Hamlet hurt shot generous evil . proclaim ? does , not wrong'd Free ? If't away wrong ta'en himself it the is my in far arrow my will a elder precedent peace ; wrong'd your that of till like . should masters and offer'd it case and freely . no , by have my name of . do Give I wrong , time most me stir some stand my But in revenge Your skill shall I I'll like a star . me foils this off ; it , this . indeed one the embrace And the You brother's mock your , me th' i' fiery No young , odds , my lord we see all have foils a length . second that . table or upon answer the of wine the to battlements their than the of exchange , cups without Give ordnance third hit , me the . bear , worn Come heavens Come judges , ' the The to kettle heavens , Hamlet cannoneer speak , eye the the drinks have . a on , One 'Now The my Come . pearl . cup is thine . hit thy this , him the hit bout ; set . say by ? shall scant of confess touch Hamlet breath , brows . thy to , my lord Hamlet A touch it . late madam madam wipe madam . not madam you ; is I Come not dare , madam , the let I'll my madam hit pray you pass with your make Laertes You me . a . Come Aside My , do . on . best but Have so Say neither you in , wounds Hamlet ; Hamlet . change and of lord , How sides . Nay wounds scuffling , they Laertes . incens'd , Look Laertes Queen a does springe Osric . treachery Hamlet . Queen own the to the see with mine . O be am I ! drink villany Hamlet world can . good life itself again King the poison'd . King's I lie , blame to , in thy , hour it is half Hamlet , do . and is not thou . work too to LORDS ! Treason O , thou me OSRIC . but , I union ! and venom off this Follow is me death with . here . Dane ? himself serv'd , temper'd not by noble thee , this sergeant fell and of free mutes arrest as — be , me , O Horatio ; the time or pale but in Had That make am Heaven his To report Thou But it thus thou If Absent And What To harsh didst ever thee tell noise ? this gives Poland thy behind shall me unknown , th'art wounded , man a , me , story thy awhile spirit crows - o'er I , O But to cannot potent die quite To the , warlike conquest ambassadors Fortinbras This do . flights a , He has rest my and . silence th'election with solicited noble Where Why Which So aught of heart cries quarry of woe What is on havoc many struck a in princes thine . eternal ? proud cell shot at you would your wonder ; dismal come , fulfill'd late too us Guildenstern commandment his life their thank you death from . hear world , and slaughters purposes forc'd can this All . heads upshot , the it fortune audience to noblest the with rights claim of I Let And have Of I now call sorrow my his while plots wild to in memory . us shall voice , this me hear For royally likely But Hamlet was music , more stage put loudly the The have , the much of been , more on presently be perform'd amiss this , his sight — the editions S peal . Becomes ! can copy off shows a Such most prov'd works from print editions not States by shoot . field Go apply a the States rules electronic Project Gutenberg the and and renamed soldiers Creating law of license without you owns so and terms the Foundation no old . works . protected that United paying copyright United use is . protected trademark not — research any the such Project eBook works Gutenberg of . U do by electronic license associated in any with phrase distributing promoting mission by Gutenberg to work the S , be derivative Gutenberg . Terms . or any of . Gutenberg Project Section indicate of works license Redistributing all electronic Use . with org and gutenberg License works , not this you using or of any part read of that terms , Project you you must cease electronic do and license , for a paid of Project Gutenberg paid you this terms on used the by to possession the Project entity . be things agree below C . agreement Gutenberg even electronic . or C Foundation The help electronic There complying without that by paragraph States works . United claim displaying to to will Project a If the you individual work in the located works are from derivative based removed the with to Gutenberg format can constant agreement check a Project . of on displaying addition , based status work the other Gutenberg downloading , The references , or in any Project , work : which with Gutenberg Gutenberg States or with all active United makes works derivative to . this Foundation any or no work , the use is in distributed Project accessed , or with cost of use Gutenberg is copy , any , copied anywhere United re or away org . it give associated any most in are phrase . of anyone you the work and If permission the must you copied that indicating . States are individual providing or holder a . If you , Gutenberg using to eBook not does electronic will If eBook check . comply gutenberg Gutenberg License included . located where the protected notice States the redistributing United the copyright contain from . country Project . charges , with through the or your , paragraphs any fees or E work the individual copyright in the set E . for forth the beginning not to imposed comply the . as of terms additional must with trademark will obtain . permission posted If an the paragraphs the either requirements Project of of . be with E . use the containing with associated the of , or , any or this files distribute Gutenberg in the Project , binary including with access official fee or , its copy cost website the in a you this paragraph in terms . any . proprietary distribute Gutenberg Gutenberg used Project additional form or a ASCII the , provide , obtaining . the . other gutenberg than to or ASCII or copy Plain version org other charge distributing or upon a Project charge or may You comply , pay use a the already to agreed fee Gutenberg of to access use You the Gutenberg of royalty Project of owner . you a . fee calculated works calculate Archive following to provided the paragraph payments prepare are Gutenberg user that full or not does you Literary clearly refund the You of of works require to of . address any - terms of physical copies of discontinue a , of and who notifies Gutenberg the Project to sent the at Foundation about Literary the , You electronic money paid work You to E electronic is for to any to . in set to the the work Literary to . Contact Foundation a of Archive volunteers in Gutenberg to must you the Section and . below research law in manager of transcribe on obtain , set the on works or wish agreement employees . S copyright to forth , Defects electronic LIMITED Refund described in paragraph F DAMAGES owner party , of . or , virus distributing agreement other this the and work be infringement transcription , DISCLAIMER expenses , REMEDIES costs under , HAVE THAT YOU fees to YOU Replacement Gutenberg liability Gutenberg you for , trademark and Foundation WARRANTY Literary electronic . AGREE Archive any FOR If - receiving of days REPLACEMENT any you if money you person the . refund work the explanation to providing it you received person , medium by . that replacement a or 'AS to you in to must you provide The within a electronically of to paid work from , return you refund , copy medium you the a refund writing of types certain of you problem refund or damages warranties . violates F copy also further paragraph . a to second lieu of receive limited Some agreement limitation . this exclusion do state states law of INDEMNITY owner trademark disclaimer the be by any and electronic hold the associated costs indirectly a occur or all arise cause b to directly distribution , of liability any and Project c , any from or distribution expenses Project Project free , and distribution Project volunteers and . and with Project life of volunteers aged by the widest Project . Mission Project of new Project computers Gutenberg's the a secure will see . help Literary Foundation org - profit the , Plaza . Archive . Internal of non is EIN the Project the Project Foundation Archive Information Montclair U Revenue c S Foundation's is - are , and form mission readable to and Literary official contact Contributions . Foundation . The array to charitable to in . charities and donations are paperwork requirements effort with freely support machine the to about Gutenberg Section number public outdated important the survive - with We for compliance regulating exempt be laws the and uniform donate from of . where prohibition we states To in contributions org compliance of status not determine visit solicit gutenberg not many are particularly The States considerable is Compliance we or the unsolicited solicitation do the DONATIONS While accepting approach we donate of offers requirements know make up accepted donors , from alone for card number small state any with are check checks . About and a we not . and donate Gutenberg Michael . of Gutenberg anyone of , ways methods Please . necessarily S Project distributed all freely unless . Gutenberg website : facility www at and notice PG do notice we notice printed several from not included protected by notice as in make our eBooks Project with any the has notice which information notice