Who's there , Nay and Long Stand Stand me live the Stand ! upon Stand bed heart bitter Get thanks at . Francisco Stand Stand , 'Tis . carefully your guard them make Who Marcellus . Friends hear think Give . Give night ? ho - honest farewell , O Barnardo you ! has my good ? Marcellus tonight 'tis I Say , What this seen him this of hold twice the again our if dreaded Horatio And Touching let , but have to us I watch and of of down we sit again two we let , down against . our have the , this all , again now made Where his star Peace Thou a yond art In Looks scholar harrows to King Most , Question it warlike form buried I It of spoke with ? Mark and . to be like It me Horatio . night . charge thee away is it By , See How this gone and and I ! now ! not ! You more fantasy tremble not you ! might own like Of What ! I As Is ! Is Before he Norway King and ! not thou th'ambitious , once he eyes this on't think sensible mine very he was With frown'd smote twice But what Thus He thyself parle 'Tis So the strange our state cannon observant land brazen . watch not know gone thought , same toils such divide make Does Doth inform with ? of Sunday whose war . haste from - Our watch knows last emulate of to by , by valiant pride , this the sore task day , Hamlet esteem'd ; compact seal'd a all those by and , him conqueror his return'd Fortinbras had as the To For so image even the , whisper appear'd now in to of by life , which competent heraldry our Fortinbras his seiz'd Was Dar'd Did forfeit , with sir , by , Norway appear us But father doth So That As it of , by , of preparations foresaid is no other other rummage the hand it . land so figure the : strong unto And our but like King head watch question the armed may be no watch haste of this by watch well recover compulsatory main to this take , the in this watch Of watch with squeak graves A the mote Comes watch watch A ere high through and was our sort it is to is tenantless in and influence gibber little stands star , eye mind's and and in sick like to of trains the As Have cross soft , our thou Unto ! blast and Lo of voice again , me to Speak any though behold earth , me , illusion comes , be and thy speak , sound , art , to Speak to thing life . Stay countrymen ! where good That may there thee any Extorted thou O privy uphoarded in thy it my not . speak oft spirits Which If thou Speak , they of which . say it at I Do here will if ? violence invulnerable , majestical of air the vain our it offer it gone , the as is We And , For , the a have , sounding - I guilty heard throat , warning air , thing or earth , object made that , is our And then , The No The , Some It This . probation . celebrated season cock 'gainst Saviour's say are So , they , nor and , hath no upon with fitting , loves shall pray , we , do't Do This Break Walks , Voltemand and , The , Though we That Th'imperial our Together bear memory contracted far Yet with hath our With Our affair , to pester surrender Or He to fail'd this not Colleagued Importing most father for and is , much the all So uncle and impotent Norway Now Thus valiant His Of brother with the ourself , of - herein lists , The good of no to this greeting , you are that rid young have much time : this , to we purpose , show our the : we ? Laertes , the What beg thy the Denmark thou not voice not The That told us now shall speak what's heartily nothing with heart mouth thy Laertes , to have to Laertes asking , father ? duty toward leave and wishes my I thoughts bow My you , his By laboursome you and me France , France to pardon done . Polonius leave . go consent ! last . time at , Hamlet spend I , What slow — son my thy my him seal'd to than give leave ? be Laertes clouds . But thy best my the kin i' , that do is A cast graces much thy look Hamlet it I eye lids must , with all a eternity know'st nighted friend lives to nature madam ever like vailed . common If Passing Thou , Do so , my Nay , is with dust the know mother , breath the visage seems . seem , eye ; woe ; to within these give but the that forms denote I are That For and sweet To But with moods These a the of show play , his nature your and suits Hamlet survivor his , grief unmanly mind unschool'd , course But condolement for and lost your duties , in his mourning the persevere is common his his his , of , and thing , the against A From died , that he till corse father the with impart And that father of throne and let woe who a heaven theme peevish our To Do which to you to school to most we And In It of This must be 'This all shall Our Here in with stay not toward you of and , reply a us thy chiefest beseech retrograde you , Hamlet of , tell shall heaven shall bruit again , away . clouds Denmark in - the No smiling Be This the Re speaking His But And that Or 'gainst How too fie stale - weary ! seed dead to he satyr excellent — nay , the winds was king ; all flat of so of earth : fix'd unprofitable garden ! God O him woman old were and would appetite — on't if face not beteem not uses the Fie Possess But That As not little followed ; what Must might a That Let it , beast longer brother ! God O me Like Would My She . O in incestuous tongue I wicked But is , Had , I mourn'd married the am to It to Than to , heart , glad or The And , to I to I your same Horatio to to to lordship ! myself lord ; sir , even make ? servant good ever Wittenberg — Horatio . say truant , lord . from you disposition your enemy student funeral depart deep me ; so , my of that no Elsinore ere to , teach you hear my own ? hard mother's my it fellow , father's . mock your see , Horatio the The furnish , my - upon follow'd dearest that heaven . bak'd tables Horatio . meats ! forth seen I marriage , see . in day lord Horatio mind's My I ? king methinks , my I Indeed , lord my had had I coldly Thrift thrift , Or saw him Where . father my he him think shall was In ; The King King man once lord the in all , my my , watch . deliver my while a my my Been By my Goes before oppress'd Armed my Appears exactly , they did , they the dreadful , speak them , I In his Where Within Two nights together had on the your , surprised - him . fear , eyes father with . and third night he march good ; father in watch time true the made deliver'd are hands Did My to lifted where more like did would it as shrunk from sight in head cock none loud watch none . our , to not none morning the motion none you speak it then And sound none like , none let , none indeed you MARCELLUS As Indeed none do we but BARNARDO my , very , live , my down it troubles ? this my Hold My Then O , lord , not his to . lord his face foot ? anger . frowningly would It I Most upon you amaz'd much very moderate , His beard grizzled I Not was as . longer silver'd sable I it in his ? though will person I I you will Perchance warrant it hold my tenable whatsoever be you my assume me bid And Let it platform your an you honour your to mine as night the foul : you All : farewell . come rise will to them arms soul all My some foul Though My the earth o'erwhelm Hamlet violet , Hold A No For nature but this grow alone perfume The The In bulk and ? not ; besmirch the no weigh'd ; he greatness for may himself virtue The ; His ; thews And The Carve For sanctity ; voice head the is he ; with main in your the It ; Unto ; Whereof As Than Then weigh credent , his your Fear May And keep of The oft in Contagious canker her maid treasure desire your your you or in Ophelia To lose unmaster'd , chariest itself galls their morn before be of else none do But to reckless and puff'd Whilst me the like the Himself I to not Do steep a O smiles ? is here . father sail your , a double grace my not a second . leave shoulder , my of aboard . rede own , with tongue . shame thy but any Nor thou Of But friends thou dull hatch'd , and soul thy but few being comrade no unproportion'd few . thy ; with quarrel but as apparel , may thy and select fancy a entrance every man's of best and lender a nor both itself true ; thee thy can purse ; loses to , then canst I follow : must do season be false my Most time The Farewell , I 'Tis take ; all blessing Ophelia , this leave remember What you go well hath . Farewell please What yourself in my memory Ophelia most caution of way time audience , tell you — bounteous on clearly you Lord , honour I oft Hamlet . tenders , it that If Have Given 'Tis told Pooh Unsifted believe tenders the to , green truth put me , girl me made me yourself so my . call circumstance my ta'en sterling not are , such ! his late think baby more love with he — you'll fashion In lord — I'll That Running you have honourable . poor to ; importun'd me go ; call wind the a lord to given ; may And fashion almost ; than burns . prodigal heat is ; vows , how vows my . hath Ay With to holy countenance all , the Lends more , his When in You Even Not The of that given parley at a may tether him in a vows ; entreatments promise as their Believe And may believe with your be not Do As Look I to't give any moment leisure come , all , are , for is and which you Than his Breathing plain with obey forth ways time . suits This terms sanctified bawds pious . in , not would I is ; bites What Have words charge talk . air lord my , shrewdly The It now is it it ? then wont lord draws eager very cold is it nipping heard ? kettle drains triumph of he as held struck . think I Indeed . his draughts of bray out my spirit Wherein Keeps thus ; I manner the my Ay in - headed More King doth And wassail mind and , addition traduc'd us This The our and vicious in men phrase : nations swinish it at attribute guilty . our perform'd other revel us honour'd clepe the and Soil So birth cannot choose they of marrow Makes From in for That wherein chances his forts much these o'erleavens complexion pure may in form Or Oft down , evil take a doubt , general the particular the substance grace comes ! as , that undergo of scandal noble Shall From Doth Look To , from a own . his my lord thee father not to thy Angels and thou Be That Thou intents in royal will grace of defend this and why again corse thus Revisit'st That thou hideous , and reaches of the of to this night glimpses we our souls jaws inurn'd sepulchre do nature , fools steel should away desire it you To Wherefore if ? So why Wherefore with to a courteous removed action . not do waves beyond Wherefore then no I Wherefore it Wherefore fear lord speak not Wherefore go , a do follow can set what will that , fee cliff you And That if It waves Or What there deprive very The Which beetles tempt o'er assume ? Think desperation of reason of it form toys , sea . beneath still so draw it to me , waves And place more many motive of every . thee my And Without it lord go , gentlemen . out Nemean I'll I By a Go on ! ghost of I'll . me obey thee ? come to state the issue . Something Heaven Have say away , Let's He after it direct will Denmark him follow , Nay Whither is wilt I me I will will sulph'rous Must ! serious will hearing , will . hear lend am To not but will . almost come what will Pity , will render up myself will ghost thy unfold thou to certain am revenge shall me Doom'd Till the and the up two Thy combined start to , on their blood word house , end stand be spheres , O , unfold eyes quills stars hair thy young ; knotted upon freeze And didst ; of Make the father God thy List must ; list O and his foul love ; murder . porpentine not ! ever To thou flesh eternal . If Haste As meditation thou I or the , and unnatural . swift ; it as than . sleeping in my forged , on apt thee Now Lethe , whole love , weed wharf ; a of noble my know crown Mine that but ; shouldst find be , O wears in duller And 'Tis serpent Rankly The that wit , gifts have witchcraft O So The my thy father's traitorous seeming - won uncle of and of , Ay From Hamlet , uncle to shameful lust . the there uncle — beast uncle , the virtuous was that to of court . That To those uncle Though mine Upon With wit seduce what whose in virtue uncle itself in radiant were gifts the on I a a , Will soft Sleeping within as , his wretch to made Brief let ! And sate lust love and decline vow with marriage celestial air , morning . link'd a it poor be ; pour vial stole of effect , afternoon in my , with whose it of blood into mine did bark'd crust , orchard uncle thy . of in That distilment cursed of the a doth it vigour like Cut off even of - sleeping , tetter . droppings with , quicksilver as eager sudden a curd And lazar Of with I was life with And with Let not the royal thee ! on of at . of , O with nature for howsoever her thy act incest head my unanel'd sent disappointed All my by ; sin blossoms , imperfections thy with those to thy couch And prick Against not sting his uneffectual well at fire be soul leave in Fare matin near this and in but ! be bear to my thou But mind her worm - and 'gins , shows glow And Taint The you my fie to bosom lodge once ! thou mother thorns pursu'st her pale to that adieu . grow . Remember instant Hold ! me . of ? O , a heart not ! while , Ay saws the youth and all , copied alone of heaven ! Remember What my else O thee holds memory the away from , wipe That villain is Yes forms globe distracted Yea I'll all shall pressures , past , live ? brain records my . thee memory I sworn't . am uncle , may At , smile may are , Now word Denmark be and . ' ! by pernicious villain . My . and remember so , Meet there you adieu have MARCELLUS lord . Lord . Illo secure lord my Hamlet me to , It , So is 'Adieu HORATIO Heaven So boy ho bird come , ho , Within Hillo is't , Good , lord ? my lord I by . man of , Denmark think . my HORATIO But by There . my from it — lord my heart and knave i' us lord , But needs Why And it so How You as , without shall at the right desire — grave all and this ; that and hath — you wild , every your fit man business To ghost Such no I For it but I'll , you ; sorry I'll is and pray own part I'll , my , let , but there here you us . I'll lord I'll . I'll soldiers between tell , will I'll is vision friends , request scholars what this me now . too offence as you As For ghost that , good and poor We . will we , lord My In Indeed Nor , my in lord sword my , indeed there the sayst Cries the this thou to . Swear . stage fellow . my upon under Propose of have by Swear speak hear boy Ha ha sworn . lord ? ground . cellarage sword Swear that Swear . this the oath , our shift we'll my Beneath Canst worthy Once more th'earth strange wondrous is this welcome it heaven give earth Horatio . fast , good sword upon my ! as in , so and soe'er of are Than Well There and , a in dreamt are you , disposition , shall never we and some 'We , come — they , phrase on think . I you mercy , if this bear you to not need at of by know' — head hereafter , shake , might' and to Swear so what perturbed rest With May God joint your Let friending , to was fingers lack cursed you go us as So , pray spite , is to Hamlet money him out not your is , this time marvellous his him , to make inquiry Reynaldo notes Before you You well Danskers ; intend . visit Give wisely do did and come , means . it , more you distant son my particular your That Marry you will expense what at mark his do know know thus 'I , friends . nearer first said , how Addicted Ay and what some you , encompassment , demands drift , company What By this As , Than and sir lord companions such dishonour you him To As or , But , are liberty and What As forgeries ' and there of usual so none , and wild take ; wanton gaming my the him ; faults incontinency on it to the seem he not put is meaning : That not they That , taints his mind , so liberty , general of a blood quaintly , But , this lord — a believe , lord my fetch son would slight little you sullies these here's I good do assault my , it sir a you He converse this consequence or , sound assur'd , my . this say . Where something was What to 'closes in ' consequence 'gentleman ' ? 'friend man , sir , about to ay 'I consequence' the 'closes closes He Or At or , then There was falling and , know such thus t'other . gentleman , directions this tennis' with saw , Your With of so wisdom of we And My have lecture out advice have not ? you and , indirections my find and my you bait windlasses Videlicet , I b' God So By by son wi' , lord You me I , well . the my ply have I , now my , what's , so been name of ankle each out of purport comes . me his stockings all doublet - head , down his his look with And as upon , as his As To thy No hat and , Ungart'red thy lord thy He Then thrice last thy a head thus rais'd And thy My thy goes falls wrist ? thy all hand it a — As end At For And it with And to seem'd his . did seem his head doors with And to the me without their of itself , of undertakings am hard . natures his letters any passion go seek the King ? jealousy our to . judgement the opinions my . might move King trifle ! and dear Moreover we Welcome This Our The Since hasty Of sending to use I inward should , thus that , father's th'understanding cannot I More That And , so neighbour'd days of up you entreat brought youth his to of was transformation Hamlet's Resembles So his call it heard , hope will you please not awhile , remembrance of time . it much men he To As to expend so with are good us and talk'd our of gentry our two Good sure gentlemen , adheres us show whom I And Both power more you sovereign visitation us , you of visit some , gentlemen our Pleasant helpful presence and . you and gentle to Rosencrantz and commanded gentle and practices . is lord and my and and Ay amen return'd and lord Assure of good and my soul you my gracious brain King , liege , very hath trail Hamlet's th'ambassadors ; found have so of sure that do . long . hear the son's he bring and queen sweet of marriage . main hath found out desires appear'd ; impotence and whereat , sends , age ; 'gainst to him our ! he brother Norway sent greetings the preparation Highness of , Polack suppress arrests out in your and uncle against overcome crowns the shown , to dominions your And Gives With give Makes vow Majesty . please therein might are us we'll - we'll took together . time and of son , true define the , time is . well , limbs . since night and day outward time flourishes is should day , Why This majesty night , duty ended mad else to tediousness is . but nothing be to More swear use : A . 'tis 'tis , true at madness and Your that But he , with . let Thus Who given Now defective effect and the thus this of comes she and most gather whilst by will — her rather farewell 'tis , Madam And let That it me and phrase That's To Hath I Mad the cause . is of cause the soul's a will faithful . stars fire I the doth are ? a art not . 'beautified' Adieu have . O whilst thee that But . am stay be I I ; truth Doubt thou awhile this Good I most This And , my , the be , hath obedience evermore , in hath given by out But she means . his this most mine place ? him it machine to best numbers these Ophelia love , ear by hath daughter his this more time , and think do so how If I As honourable of what mute I , to : resort idle sight think , here had given Or When I had seen , tell must I play'd Majesty daughter told , book went did of I then , thus thy — now , into into short fruits the — a to a lightness thence of a fast , this 'tis wherein likely I'd make then , sadness watch Do weakness to tale this . know otherwise said it that When have prov'd ' that this . so fain think very you I , if , Not know it me lead is may Within ? further four Here sometimes the If , though were . not , he loose in I and So he indeed it How a . together him , behind If his We be the Mark him board do ? give , you O my comes it the . are Then would You , me you , mercy , does Lord - God good I Honest so lord a , lord be a . man . world honest this , as of in a my blessing but kissing not as a man to one thousand being lord ? th' I Have my dog — carrion true , daughter a dead sun the her How . I'll speak to my that sun he in ? said youth Friend is Aside you , daughter . Yet gone lord my read much . fishmonger a Still I by And him ; my extremity do What , the Between who , read my . was . words is and I which it hold yet , believe plum with potently yourself most you , Slanders ; faces be - tree . Though . yet , have , I honesty says that All backward not men set crab — wit powerfully amber and down you thick plentiful to sir a is air the of be hams weak My sir me that I my him between humbly often air grave Aside hits How and him which pregnant more my in't ? Will you not A is suddenly out take I on life my leave reason his . my . life old seek go cannot except ; the , is . fools My My . Lord ! children the do ! sir honoured How dear lads excellent we are the very . Ah favours her of both her not Good . are we ; is strumpet , waist in Fortune's Happy my her , the Faith in , soles , the Nor live doomsday Then lord friends true . not is , you good news your lord the . a my ? deserved honest a she the Fortune parts None Fortune What is . my prison is are o' th' worst many my . prison good and . for . it there so it , thinking 'tis Why be could none to To being We goodly one ; infinite your dreams I were a it too ; you then God , Truly I our ambitious is a monarchs and outstretch'd I it substance dreams myself nutshell not ; for the light A indeed the of bodies we reason court shadow by , rest But for heroes our . wait We'll matter ROSENCRANTZ and and is . sent . a Is in lord are beggars' speak I , am the honest To that , dear friendship will beaten such of . dear Is , enough confession But justly of I the looks ? my good , were ; visitation speak . not you And there not have sent nay you thank Were . Come , is . craft ; modesties ? and which and lord lord end me our by and withal be I an have you ever . then Nay charge Guildenstern direct what of let But conjure you , by the proposer you love discovery . custom of hold me , for of you but late I will your , of , thing of canopy earth , roof man foul sterile ; and with o'erhanging , pestilent and apprehension , like express golden me so anticipation seems , majestical to in , What . in world quintessence , your My faculties wherefore I know you a my mirth my of how , delights . beauty this promontory why in a congregation it in of this woman . what not my so me' coted man them you shall you if you coming shall plays He my the paragon of ? lord the of clown and not , was there , Why that the Even you the welcome players gratis welcome you . delight in and his part sere welcome of halt the ; target on . service welcome — end are they ways delight city welcome Their was they How those shall make , knight welcome adventurous the sigh shall wont to What mind whose laugh such players freely take residence . when they they are in the I the innovation ? and the — followed , both they so keeps children most and aerie same the indeed it comes think I means . Are , thither , question pace ? No grow they . rusty there escoted are — as come dare eyases common the are so berattle afraid should they been There succession and a for their exclaim grow themselves much controversy to nation ? both to do poet money say Will players writers the them do to they the , no bid to Is't carry away it ? and load about . question . on the player of his the boys they that very mouths ; at hundred something is , make not it more ducats this my father could philosophy in , there would in for , come , hands . the is extent , comply 'Sblood , forty . and Elsinore and out than lived , to players which are , are are Gentlemen are - deceived . must you . Let like father north but this garb . be and the you But welcome from what my dear lord ? a is child hearer clouts old they at gentlemen mad you handsaw , with too them to not second Well a . each his an . buzz . hither tell me news prophesy , he , I sir comes to tell , history . lord come news lord was actor . actor each historical on too be The of - the - comical Seneca , pastoral , liberty judge , are Plautus Upon treasure fair 'One unlimited which law world heavy individable tragical , nor , historical the Israel only scene a more , thou ? daughter love I it like most you not ? that thee know show friend me Thy Denmark glad is nearer you will , chanson abridgement as , then Why lot then pass pious row , of see have a to't cracked chopine ladyship all my than . ring . is in ? to ! am more What voice Masters fly , give speech a lord it ? but , speech What I as top cried it speech speech a . like not quality We'll . Pray God French Come passionate , Come remember of received pleased not , an lines indite the make as to thereabout , set , play But was in matters the and , the whose , not thee a in to heard . matter by Now With is of total , daughters sons foot streets gules mothers light parching and tyrannous Head , fire , and Pyrrhus and and . damned hellish the , and with gore discretion and and trick'd horridly and with , well , lord Rebellious Of Pyrrhus But to tyrant i' the head . stand the Pyrrhus' , pause below thunder the , see rack and anon so region winds as Did nothing dreadful , proof eterne you power of heaven , fiends the is nave the general , less This with long beard , bowl thou , As low a or barber's And Fortune from down your . her her ; gods on say Prithee down — All ! strumpet round to down fellies down and Break for That's down good to , down sleeps . he down jig a barefoot seen lank the About blanket had , late A 'Gainst Who of in venom . then pronounc'd husband's limbs treason gods with rheum and bisson . A queen' threat'ning , down and her , with , state saw if Run Where in sword would and for up steep'd malicious , all that milch instant But the , tears eyes in's let chronicles brief bestowed have Do bad a more the well colour has this of rest . of , soon than their according things Unless well , Would have And the the gods , epitaph and them desert and better while use better Use more sirs in your own man you Use 'scape man well used , less should , the after is Come bounty We'll ? friend hear whipping they deserve Follow which , lines sixteen or You night you would him thou dozen We'll Dost , Ay . tomorrow Ay lord old friends could and night Guildenstern that , To till well Follow Very , monstrous rogue b' my I'll mock . look you not My leave to You Good so Is what , and peasant a not it , soul working that his eyes and And in's own am I , am ! Hecuba conceit player this fiction That But in so Could Hecuba Tears her , from all distraction Hecuba to Hecuba passion with , indeed amaze and , guilty he he What's Hecuba broken his to have cleave the horrid all for Hecuba Hecuba of dear my it th' Am a in , me ? take it the coward across , be me i' a king ? pate and defeat Upon And ! Tweaks A , I am lungs blows breaks life , my , lie , villain bawdy ! revenge Prompted Remorseless this To 'Swounds as the my villain , ere region liver'd nose beard and pigeon oppression bitter for cannot it lecherous . lack gall ! most heard , speak tongue no the I ! very with , the of by Been murder They Have That , a And With tent know May something mine I proclaim'd have he , yea the but hath my with have melancholy devil the thing I'll power , these his . to so struck most pleasing I'll I'll Out T'assume For I'll I'll miraculous Play him I'll be my Before to course he As I'll Wherein me very potent me conscience of why he I'll so drift of his With And on days distracted , quiet no harshly turbulent what we When But with Of state to no true bring would Did his he . gentleman him crafty him find from he will to madness sounded , well , aloof forcing Niggard Most to disposition reply of with Did But much question receive like free him that him told already . of we players most hear 'Tis there To And This hear raught it seem in way any pastime And We Madam , fell . did , play to content him are have , court kind a think And ; the see me he , all To purpose For That . these it Good so bestow may him hear so inclin'd on , espials lawful , Ophelia us his my leave as shall That obey you do . And We And for your him of If't will . show of exercise please this book , may oft such — you wish Madam , Ophelia . devil himself with blame , devotion's on colour in , cheek more is Than harlot's my my most painted o'er . we do ! my that ! O heavy coming . ugly The , hear burden slings 'tis to Or And Whether To or not mind outrageous a to , by them arrows nobler to heart flesh to be in and ? sleep To — what a to come . die sea a ; The To That oppressor's the proud There's mortal respect scorns long . pause heir death of sleep For would Must , perchance Devoutly dream of bear When that give calamity whips , delay make us For The grunt and ? unworthy would might of wrong dispriz'd of merit himself undiscover'd that To With patient he When insolence Who office his after whose the puzzles , makes does we know something returns and the , spurns have all moment the the thus o'er Is And Than fly traveller the But The does Good all ! currents . action and rather us others And enterprises their , remember'd orisons now , of sins in Soft pale with sicklied thank lord I humbly this , Be My , right lord perfume lost honest you givers the , No never know rich ; again Ha As the them I aught breath prove . when more gave , these things ! There wax with And words Take be What Are Rich , you means ? lord My lordship your power bawd This proof . likeness it for a it into That and to lord my , than . to paradox love did a Indeed force of commerce the was beauty better transform honesty ? honesty sooner now sinners of such so , my borne deceived of I have shape ? old so . our believe . wouldst yet as imagination all . do I be more the more my them revengeful it myself better , thoughts that to . thee a ? nunnery in Let to ambitious in shut in's house sweet the fool but thou calumny ! ways earth or , of ? between and to thy none believe nunnery upon him your Where's At home . that dost for men I'll fool nunnery , go ; and quickly . powers too , heavenly paintings another God's enough , Or as . him you help , nunnery a have face to a wise go I'll mind as Those on't creatures . You enough restore . Farewell too you you say I . wantonness given mad your and already hath well hath you your make it . fair , o'erthrown me , jig , and . tongue here made , all , sword nunnery To a form music quite ! down wretched and , Th'expectancy , rose The Now Like Nor what ? T'have his madness , I have though not O'er do which sits lack'd that His melancholy There's it out jangled bells seen sweet spake . see is woe O . ecstasy with he the variable From Thus set it down : he quick on to : heart England Ophelia I ? his matter objects seas our , hatch shall tribute in puts , Hamlet How of But of With settled still , neglected different , him , alone , and tell it mother please or shall best . If you said play the entreat not , believe do yet well grief do fit her shall It in ones Your To speech England I'll grief show queen all round the not . do air torrent had the in for your I , say my lines it may of do not , O many . pated fellow . as pronounced unwatch'd so Nor groundlings passion very , me must the too the , trippingly ; It . it it to you you nothing ears passion gently whirlwind saw word modesty of purpose , let your to warrant but Herod own action the own own , overdone so time feature scorn and the or the Now mirror nature whose 'twere , word is form , as the playing image , your to allowance I to make it not nor very age nature the have ; special to up be to ; the observance Suit , is you that the , O , the , journeymen , Nature's man and bellowed have I and men made humanity let that have having indifferently play so quantity that others others though grieve a reform , be considered than O themselves to too more , the some shows make in laugh set altogether I . it to . villainous , and question them on That's . that and work ready pitiful . presently ambition most of barren Go For play lord Will players two ROSENCRANTZ to hasten them As Horatio service , flatter'd be choice thou knee good lick should but , advancement do O dear flatter ; fawning , are - those suffers nothing her , fawning of the hear for And that For of Dost absurd poor the fawning spirits fawning mingled fawning finger and wear fawning been fawning . of I the of and please a that in Hath seal'd thee for herself suffering man not do There As Hast one As so , Something tonight my thy speech seen have occulted circumstance heart him father's as foul man ; his unkennel damned my It As I stithy . will of In of near the a one are imaginations ghost with when thou And mine itself Give pay . whilst I , we this will Queen , Polonius I . Ophelia , note face is play both , his my . idle must playing the mine . not ? Guildenstern Rosencrantz are to Enter fares faith mine promise , Excellent I No nor . To . How Get you a place . our A flourish i' , Polonius , you these good . so . eat I : capons are i' Brutus Capitol ? the there . actor play'd , lord him lord they stay ; Hamlet , sit a killed Be . upon you the , good , ho ! lie in mark part brute a by your ? ready players Lady mean my , shall I I you is thought Nothing lord . lord my , merry are You Ay maker - my mother should two merry ? within's lord . my suit a lord ? I Who devil with , on there's sables long Enter a hobby he , King - horse , whose is of protestation . neck the ; her show lovingly ' 'For else his , is epitaph ago ; two ! heavens , black embracing , Then But O and and She body King dead unwilling pours upon forgot King's in he bank passionate , in awhile and takes and her The again makes the Mutes mischief means play but , down . him leaves , him The . asleep Poisoner with shall Marry this mallecho mallecho this , What means miching imports players . to mallecho ; this ; mallecho this it ? Be . show You mallecho , mallecho patiently clemency our naught you this all the they , are : means tell show naught a the . mark , play you show it him tell you'll that you to hearing the Is Full As brief , beg We lord . this of love woman's 'Tis Since twelve dozen And orbed gone round , must I in quantity . and so are journeys , you most . our Hymen and , from In That So you So many cheer you and women's distrust my proof , and lord , former of love distrust . are is you , from as my love siz'd , the great leave must what Where little is For Discomfort fear great littlest love , made hath grow love aught or extremity know , so grows love love fair — and shortly kind haply belov'd , must O second love . wormwood of move love dead husband kill'd be treason the be let confound who me my thrift of time husband Are wed husband but that instances base second think determine is we second I now But When A Aside marriage kisses , I pay to violence with either doth ending most Where joys joy , ourselves passion themselves we , grieves unripe but poor validity the ; to , strange , change accident lament not prove joy lose . or grief , What For And love 'tis world The Our devices do I so contrary doth , ours are orderly shall hollow his where and wills our want needs doth love him end fates their a friend run . of , own to Directly That to earth But Our An To lock overthrown wed lord first are , begun . wife be , our light , night nor the , she If a pursue me widow Sweet give and . beguile awhile . sleep brain I dull it ever have and hence well once Both The grow tedious you us come , word she'll how like world play methinks ? there the in no play poison you in't ; Is , i' ? Gonzago do , murder The , they Have do heard O jest offence offence the it is ? withers wince a . Duke's jest What This name not what but piece the work are King . dallying lord good are our see could , if love I damnable thy are edge you take off keen my , to husbands Come Confederate black With Thoughts are You It — Still you cost your faces and extant very written , Thou , hands usurp dire name's You shall anon how story Give some o'er How frighted with King The , What lord . my play light lights Give me . go cry two away ; of of world , razed pound here pajock was . a the take I'll , very ? very for might Didst very very very . very not music word with you . the , the a some likes like music . talk did my Good then , Come , belike he some Come whole , a history lord ? rather . him perhaps would the with richer his more discourse put lord my Good wisdom doctor to for , put With , drink itself him far to show my choler this frame . tame The , Queen , make , courtesy is answer my . pardon of . You a not wholesome please commandment your am sir your Sir , and good if the . My But , you , answer sir mother rather , you to you more can not Make make shall but : mother's But you , mother say sequel Have any her with the you speak We O She desires wonderful son were trade with our did . friend surely stealers pickers ? the your himself griefs the these and . you love bar for . something distemper you in the be upon your , me recover the Ay How Good what sir . wind if be — withdraw you , my the , while , can to I lord that grass To , cannot this you I me I you cannot , drive . well , my O , My touch beseech know I , lord the You the most . these of harmony stops your finger discourse with would , you upon play what . Call cannot excellent my ? yet than on , to , would , But be played lord , you yonder the Queen fret see and almost sir , do this the pluck me to in instrument voice , music speak you , though ? camel indeed weasel a like . a Or is By cloud 'tis shape . whale I will and camel like . a weasel is to a backed Very . and to said is very and time I mother blood , such . Now , the me by — They fool me . firm ; now business drink bosom to hot nature hypocrites use , her enter thy . When quake Let My to of seals my she be , consent soul but to lose look do And O churchyards yawn not cruel as ; shent . somever never , Nero soul be them give To let his England along with safe commission your I And To like . estate as fear endure , you it nor I him not madness near shall he That single more mind upon so Hazard with summit doth but armour 'noyance whose feed That The and those and will it . your Majesty safe is and bodies and all The Are What's not lives To it sigh fetters but ; ten It weal many mortis'd and huge the alone Dies Fix'd To adjoin'd boist'rous ROSENCRANTZ Which we will too this general things groan haste and , this GUILDENSTERN put to speedy ; us , you goes annexment pray free convey meet as My To And should o'erhear , it closet myself to tax lord process , more audience go you wisely she'll and arras going partial than home , curse Pray strong business if as inclination like in And stand I It A is offence Though , But white as enough pause guilt be it rank ! sharp I What in brother's this shall as first to where the of we twofold — not snow ? Whereto bound , form murder look still ambition Forgive , up foul possess'd prayer heavens , world , mercy serves ? offence this but the my th'offence this wicked seen be mine for I did retain currents his And law and , not so itself ? rests above — murder of ? by of my I which , May Of crown Offence's one My the out Even give what can . steel be not ? can of our lies action ourselves cannot black angels heart of All as engag'd O Yet knees and , to as What What can ! Help the ? then . when bosom repentance stubborn may it soul state death - now father hire and . this broad , this , would be that : of , May not so I do't do to . No , reveng'd passage heaven thought , as , blown , circumstance , do , know thou of I flush of salary is blown blown as blown about in't his his purging ; pleasure ; blown black blown , stays days sickly blown at and . King , no , drunk fit in for a or may as . thoughts his trip This At swearing gaming him whereto it goes My kick damn'd heels his that The words without Words straight pranks heat Within Pray and him your come his that will Tell , mother Mother , idle with , you have you , Go Mother Hamlet , father offended father the much tongue wife husband's not . my are , forgot you the rood the Why go , down not and , You are , No it Nay would Queen by the were . the you to sit Where thou How Behind O me I it done . deed O Nay a bad is this , as and Almost not marry kill As A what To Polonius a , Leave I bloody wringing let heart proof bulwark some intruding . farewell be to If custom have of . hands not tongue so is it for . damned done find'st took Thou That I the the What it wring your thee If braz'd , your In noise rude thou . it dar'st act modesty innocent religion contraction . and and as Ay visage this tristful Is Yea me , act mass face solidity words fair hypocrite , doth . glow , deed , this index ? what picture , and the in thunders and loud on front was presentment two Jove himself brow : hill kissing - like age what judgement is for mountain assurance to to , Mars A New every world call it to have for , you waits in this motion would not sure and ? love feed , ear . sure that sense , humble Sense not from day on this this your was your fair brother . Ha ; moor tame err was't ? hoodman - choice blind sight sans blush all What reserv'd feeling sickly O in own be virtue ardour bones ? doth . shame , as itself melt . or Ears Or so When mutine let will I into no . charge no , true of part her To mope If flaming the And mine eyes such leave , and of honeying an to their soul speak burn wax Proclaim speak panders speak there In will see These speak No murderer and ; speak is Stew'd speak slave of shelf in pocket diadem the speak A . and daggers like words from That that not Hamlet enter to twentieth mine ; more no me . kings of part , tithe rule ! precious vice your your he's patches cutpurse it No put the by to son passion ! command . say forget O acting Do but amazement mother blunted of , O But Is in . gracious wings , and How with her thy . lady , visitation purpose sits soul ? fighting Hamlet her to Conceit to between look step her strongest . on peep alarm discourse vacancy you do air your , gentle end of in wildly excrements distemper O son , Alas do bend sleeping hairs Sprinkle heat form them Forth the ? look , pale you . me have perchance you you To Lest on whom what how you look blood . away hear you , you goes now out as how but ourselves he habit nothing there ? I see yet is . there is This Look My , No he of . in the even very bodiless very as will re - to which grace , will but Lay I music That gambol not rank unseen music It That from music And make Repent music the past what's For To Infects not in vice music itself Yea Would music woo music heart for the . And Good , O live But if in doth it mine is all to , the . cleft them ranker of part , times these must leave livery good eat and frock this , easiness not of stamp shall lend a Refrain the have not you not , the He Of a on either use For not Once bles'd , nature of or fair yet not purer habits That To not of you when wondrous can change the not ; night throw not , out be . you or , For desirous . the curb me To do blessing repent The punish I will I begins cruel and good remains again So and hath beg and , more will and , their worse , I One him him ; to this minister me , lord . well answer scourge heaven but bestow death I Thus , on bad must Or word What , shall to lady tempt a all this damn'd bed mouse , wise ? do secrecy on concernings in the birds try fly basket paddock . 'Twere , a but a , conclusions in the down neck your , paddling to for with fair him know fingers let good neck in from would madness out ape basket the house's so , breathe breath . the if , said so 'Tis England that of life ? thou , forgot made me to to adders will they petard the to two . on schoolfellows my . moon crafts , 't 'tis directly and me , mines the O them now I will And They 'tis own marshal For sir Come lug Hoist But When , blow I'll good still , to in There's You must Where sighs son a tonight ! I heaves them place this , as the mightier both ' does sea the is Behind cries something . In his fit contend , rapier Bestow little what on the hearing ? How his Whips What good brainish , It be restrain'd bloody to , The unseen wind had been so shall , us , with us , had , we to threats been all . love gone feed , haunt there of ! deed heavy us out it let Where hath kill'd is life But To on apart mineral He The Should young mad O'er Among pure him But countenance all he disease , it pith very , for like body metals base away mountains Guildenstern aid ! our with will O go mother's we'll . pray I chapel , closet fair you our body , slander mean in the bring and , world's shot level what's them him Into seek the let whisper the cannon miss come . and away our diameter My hit the o'er woundless is stowed GUILDENSTERN Safely , of Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ . dismay and the ! dead . O Hamlet on lord , with kin . they , here come 'tis may the not body his , king rewards ? service he : the , not gleaned , needs in officers you what . not Ay them , authorities can not of not sponge a keep — soaks King's , my first it not in end , countenance not lord sponge a for me sir what you again shall my A us it the thing my , nothing the King him . I have put that him must me And Who . in where not dangerous sent this find and body him , all away desperate reliev'd , must , befall'n cannot lord , where Bring , Where But my ! Hamlet before At At where at where Not , e'en Guildenstern , Now politic supper fat fat supper and to worm and That's , supper Where eaten is he but supper but fish fish to the worm that that hath supper . but Your one supper . fat beggar eats supper he your Nothing man hath progress the , worm that mean how may to What king ? there the your But as , may thou fed of a dost to place you If . shall . Go him . show you stay till . lobby . him ready With thou you seek He Attendants some dearly ; will fiery . the prepare . Hamlet Th'associates is which Which this , that bark . that it , and For is if But bent is everything and , Ay mother ; Farewell cherub a sees with . for , man my . aboard and Hamlet . is . speed hence him tonight haste done for man England , wife loving Away leans Since great power sword , yet on my As England sovereign The By And it ; cicatrice death the process of hectic me the must my conjuring Hamlet in . haps , joys Our homage present Howe'er letters Pays to After him the You , know of me were I it at know . done , king march . eye rendezvous Danish that express , my lord promis'd conveyance duty know so . on ? pray Poland them old , sir part , purpos'd , Norway of little profit hath in five That We to gain to Truly Poland main the To to , five for a with some Or A ranker rate it already , it Pole the , Polack go Why , thousand th'imposthume the , will Nor pay is Norway sold ! peace this of of sir Will't man inward and thousand wealth much question and please you be you spur good of his feed revenge do straight with and dull occasions all my How b' Go , Bestial thinking us — part not wisdom one but thing's do , capability his A large us it gross and hath , to divine spirit Whose mass invisible , charge — means , to prince , ambition event unsure danger such , is stir find without to at to the for Even that not How , That greatly eggshell . reason , mother Makes mouths the a all , at To The for , to sleep a like thousand blood , trick try beds Go honour's a That imminent death kill'd Exposing quarrel my while while for bloody enough cause of from while , men a stain'd shame fame see while I this nothing My while while will not indeed mood is while while She of much would she father in speaks needs be ; beats , heart hears . I , sense collection up be at nothing , she says hems doth , doubt speech of she good Dangerous Each my sick toy seems and they their and yet her as fearing itself full So soul is to sin's Where spills To in spoken , were Let ill - in breeding minds nature jealousy artless of the now prologue , another one hat is sandal love ? guilt great It How should Denmark and shoon pray , and stone . song this is He dead and gone turf Nay lady , what imports his heels a mountain lord snow . the mark to here all the grave my sweet , They say you bewept with showers not flowers love Which upon the not Conceit we but ! what dild have of no means let's , pretty daughter . table they you , maid ask , that chamber dupp'd the . Valentine , maid window , end ; shame before do't Ophelia out . donn'd clothes more , yonder my thus by tumbled . for if without Cock , and By thou How will they all think to , Quoth be ; night of hope weep so would I ha' are come they wed sun cold counsel My . good . night I poison her , good I well But been th' sweet give . violent ; most father Gertrude slain , patient ; it greenly , people whispers ; watch springs you good father's ; and in France these , clouds all mere muddied , his from or pictures are much in speeches necessity pestilent And With on In Without Last Of , For Thick superfluous our , me , death wants wonder secret containing himself and her fair judgement , beasts , his as keeps father's beggar'd infect in many matter stick buzzers , Will are Alack Gives to a In and ear ear dear Gertrude , this , head , them , flats Laertes not The Than applaud every king clouds . the be it to impetuous list riotous , overpeering more now of trail , How the and , hands , 'Choose The young ratifiers , the . offices They king . without to they Laertes Where is you ? this will give come Danes , We I , stand thank Calmly . door . the me my . unsmirched — not , harlot me ; our go , fear , like - proclaims the brands brow chaste so looks Why is him Tell can treason of thus father his demand be fill not Vows ! to Let not him he allegiance ? hell came grace the come ; what shall , all with the stay , you husband I'll go desire father's ; sweepstake for And my ; They , enemies his loser draw ; death both ? then my - life wide I'll my like them thus with ; pelican arms them death it . 'pear eye your for judgement come . grief now child of to noise in to day shall am level guiltless most as sensibly now brains that of , O . sense How heat O , the , Hey They And By our scale turn the beam Till Nature heavens fine It the precious mortal in be Should his After love it barefac'd rain'd dove . bier — thus him steward than nothing's ! It you not many nonny , wits It , more pray thoughts remembrance is down becomes wheel - the This - thy We columbines of a my grace o' father There's And master's some must ; I . here's and , hell . There's . end good to favour , call when herb it all will he And She bonny For Thought turns he , thy never His not And flaxen beard He not again ? dead again as again will is , I Laertes , you see right wisest apart snow poll , And souls deny hear and your direct you shall or lend due , not ; but if soul it this patience , me will satisfaction and kingdom , grief and our all life our , you And They find No Be you in shall content To Our by will labour o'er , that , give be question must , death nor 'twere shall your content obscure hatchment nor as is And I heard of so , jointly — fall . heaven ostentation burial let for let let me letters let . let they , not of Lord . world the in them let Sailors let what ? speak . th'ambassador bless from part . give these sir God shall I should , 'Horatio you , too There's have of slow grapple at means chase like ship in Finding old that Reads two fellows , Let from clear me thou to repair and to light Rosencrantz of in our for me with mercy , I alone But Let . bore am for words valour . some of days ourselves too I . thine Come from . turn thieves speak them And seal , way put must Now And heard may direct way these brought ear slain , way whom you for you them way , me But Pursu'd well way he my these feats for my and way in have So O mainly not special , But Lives by his his , mother , tell Why As crimeful me my but life strong looks conjunctive to Why I She's almost yet That by You , two perhaps , to moves count the all dipping his be ; The I her my for in myself , father loud a wind arrows again bow so turneth wood their not motive , might go , stone , with must again . I a praises of our let can That And have . that . my may of we you shortly ? so will , But mount revenge ? this Hamlet ; Queen flat not more , imagine danger You — news be from they Claudio . How I your ; He Who to . say Majesty ! Letters From 'High shall shall asking mighty Leave hear them eyes . I you , and thereunto all return occasions . recount such the kingly set us you leave more and mean abuse Are your . am When naked my I of on come Can some 'Tis the my advise the ? I 'Thus and you it is Or it very And am I warms by How Laertes , so it in If how Will you my ; o'errule to otherwise his let 'alone he , you lord live so To That be thou me me he be now return'd means , Ay Under To checking own will So ? be a it now death And accident wind shall shall ripe in my , practice uncharge be be his to thine You been talk'd I you the right since his even My rather But call it . fall but for And that The if have you say What from parts youth that months travel Your of less , that , careless his settled too and was seen Importing Than I've Here health and A part light it , thought , Normandy French seat , his weeds since , grew wondrous beast short of shapes he unto but against brought his his horseback He of So far he Come That the As And The very same the you brooch . confession well Lamord . And made and report indeed their . know , coming he That If And And gave cried for he art a masterly especially a , be of nor of his nation , defence ? this , you sorrow dear to of painting father . him beg , a this out you was not heart lord a Laertes Or kind think should when own nothing There Time And I Not lives this like at would and many 'would' , do , it of : undertake for ; are is to father's your back tongues For And goodness That And then Will To hurts by hath in : what changes , delays , are fine , being contriving on know , heads together . the , have you Hamlet not a little in so may , ease , home ; chamber choose that all with good within are in practice , He and , gave a this keep those wager generous the him Requite unbated and anoint a dip unction , of do't will purpose but so knife mountebank in have simples blood that mortal And , the all save scratch'd the So it is Under cataplasm it , for , It death gall slightly If . us fit May Let's that moon contagion this This Collected but I draws from And If can ha't I 'Twere to think our our did As that he calls the chance there have that hot , sipping , him but , let that this see , Soft I'll ; sweet , Our If A make your ? drown'd glassy a where another's woe Drown'd That is his liberal grows , heel now How purpose may hold . Queen O sister's she and name broke herself , purples long weeds , dead men's her the did daisies grosser coronet and Her brook pendant weedy , chaunted her tunes , a of that As the When our Clamb'ring cold down one element like Which But Fell Or that like snatches own it with her from wretch lay ? the . she Pull'd Till Unto incapable weeping mermaid she then long . drink their be drown'd , To But could poor melodious trick it of say woman speech what I forbid nature , When my custom tears , yet gone blaze , I much this will give I fear she to be buried ? when burial salvation Let's it ; douts . start it let's therefore finds it ? The . burial in own her wilfully she crowner seeks Christian , own Is I she be drowned . For so found she , it cannot unless , is se is act wittingly myself to it , leave drown Nay and But water lies water drown . himself , three act she hath point , herself , and . to perform , to come it if that life . him ; is not ? law quest law , you Here good death he will of been o' ? had not a gentlewoman the on't . or more Ay But and drown his is his . marry Come , thou have truth , Will Why gardeners ditchers - makers arms had ever none , their gentlemen ancient pity buried out been my this say'st world Was first he ? I'll — he purpose ? The arms . shipwright tenants , outlives thousand But well argal thou dost how to not the gallows carpenter may ill gallows . to the than , frame for faith the do good - well Who builds Marry a Ay tell stronger built to those thee than , and unyoke his 'a Go next not tell . thee this fetch you last stoup , me when In love a was I ; houses and about I no with Cudgel contract fellow O there nothing , that time did , making , get , behove this the Has hath ; it methought the , To so 'Tis tongue age hath if in the daintier . the , stealing the Hath with little into had But the pate , politician if one , would circumvent . such such so my Ay and This might sweet it knocked but breeding , one of be meant my ; chapless fine no to ? loggets a Mine Here's Lady could might , lord a dost to a of shrouding for 'em , trick Did with revolution and an ; guest a lord does Why with There's his , now another suffer fellow a . his might statutes recognizances this quillets will in's , the This . his have Is , quiddits dirty Why of , full his , of him no more pair of must and , purchases pate of , great now cases be this , in Not sheep the fine , his the ? than sconce his , his inheritor of battery ? himself I ? skins lord very my . his vouchers Will too . in skins - parchment O , made lord , my of of calf 'tis for meet clay . fellow speak are They out on't do quick 't away therefore it in't , yet to pit of . guest a in't dost . mine again thine , not in't liest it therefore is 'Tis . For none woman for sir no man then What , sir ; will dig man What One We so is the is By a Who woman knave the courtier ! her , have — his picked , sir the i' that fool ? that was tell days o'ercame of Fortinbras tell can — sent - came that is How th' you was , Hamlet Every , the year I to't . he England day was It , into the if mad ; there ? Why in be there he they How ? he shall , he not 'Twill Faith . have years . will Denmark long How here will that , year eight not in , I he laying A in water with a . the before lie more will last will have nine you he decayer trade ? year last many some his years . he earth ? on flagon think it of the , King's . pour'd . I know a skull jester you do Rhenish that E'en . jest , poor excellent , hung grinning , to chop table that Here it now in my I hath He . Yorick most of back Takes see the fellow of skull ? not I your , merriment . oft flashes my favour Pah Alexander so looked And o' your at that ! smelt thou ? so so Why stopping curiously too faith , lead may we dust base what the . not they earth might . in awe to to we to . aside t'expel wall earth hole to ! is courtiers ; Queen Mourners But Should ! but dead keep to barrel he him thither died earth to ; clay the kept to a loam , stop of that soft ! Imperious patch Caesar Might the corse own life 'Twas , Who their soft The The with Here Trains with ? Queen following maimed did some hand betoken they that doth as Her that should Her it Fordo we mark Mark else else ? lodg'd ground . been What , Laertes ceremony . bell strewments maiden Must the and such of . burial , on home rites virgin her dead to parted Lay sing to there - requiem her liest thee and peace May from service souls , be churlish , shall the Hamlet's . sweet wife ? howling Ophelia flesh unpolluted thou When . bed thy head a grief he Olympus a old o'ertop of Till I Fall Now Till your caught have this blue wand'ring stars . stand . skyish Of What the an whose - is Hamlet soul ! This Dane . thy not something . them Hamlet asunder ! thy ! hand Away ; all their lov'd my . not What thou love Laertes , do , sum he ! thou'lt for woul't of theme mad fight up eisel me God forbear quantity wilt thousand forty Ophelia weep Woul't O what ? crocodile tear . thou , well burning our let to fast ? show of eat a ? so her woul't ground till an . mountains come Singeing his pate against whine ? mouth them and in of if To with her Ossa Millions that When The , couplets her , thus as silence His Anon And fit will madness as thus , day . no me , speech , Horatio cat I you Hercules mew and it is may night's present shall ; see our living have our to some , put thee will Let , wait monument we over proceeding . all the You of in be me circumstance kind . was ; other ! let — the it bilboes my let Rashly I well should me rashness the than Worse for sleep us , lay fighting lord , that serves that how teach know . divinity indiscretion not in That And a my heart , had fine me in sometime our My grand - room manners I an ! to find That them ; in , them , so , the withdrew bold unseal life bated leisure and health bugs Is't My to , no grinding struck my reasons , Horatio making of , axe leisure , proceed of in England's , be at stay the wilt thou me I commission hear you more ? the supervise Denmark's on ! such head , did now , know Ay , did forget did a the thus Or Being make , to with play baseness write to It what learning it commission wrote but ; new once earnest the 'tween and of amities charge , wear , of I , or more to time - debatement Without on like know of 'as'es put bearers view He many the should love a comma . the heaven the it next Subscrib'd How in that gave't : the I was shriving Why my even signet Danish and So Why th'impression ; of in father's up writ Which Folded The changeling our Thou know'st love make go nature , safely this , the to . points . baser and pass the dangerous their when what thee , is th'election for my comes insinuation the mighty opposites ; grow own He Thrown such cozenage of evil shortly him England be ? our , now whor'd my angle his let issue to The am than good , more business . mine Horatio interim is his myself of life's very the be to of come ; there of , from to of short the be must It of But cause I'll of tow'ring of of Your humbly the lordship gracious thank I Into a passion . here to know of but ; chough my who , good vice beasts . and I as waterfly , mess in and fertile No if your to , I will 'tis . to a his Majesty were diligence all I It , cold , lord , my indifferent right No it Sweet lordship . the spirit receive it his lord my great on the to 'twere , Sir , as — signify is , this me . Majesty it very 'tis is — Sir you sultry very is lord bade . showing . full , an society what part a calendar gentleman he suffers find speak come , to you his is such extolment mirror dearth shall respect him rareness sir concernancy Your infallibly wrap ? The to Is't not possible imports . really of nomination another Of What Laertes understand His is ? the already if him would You . in , ignorant are Of to sir , for , know not confess his he's ? his but man , ignorant me but weapon . well weapons in lest I were unfellowed What's But ; by the should compare know himself in excellence on against rapiers very very six French Three the most responsive so , the as girdle has take two are carriages fancy , liberal . of him his hath as six . and poniards the with of That's to dear I hangers , The which in imponed knew The I their , you be , sir liberal phrase would this laid hath , He you But the , till to , against our , sides Why I would carriages it are could bet , hangers the hangers carry and French , against might , laid hath if trial , here . his the of shall three all imponed you to the opposition brought your you and And Majesty is can I hits e'en what will ? so your nature . shame my deliver - re walk my day will , this commend I sir your . else for's on Thus . there are . tongues has it yours my duty away to commend runs I age dotes a most , Osric who bubbles drossy them out him will sends the suck'd he turn the his , and kind on shell before them but do carries Majesty his ; blow habit through their trial encounter brings time his . down purposes in commended you my . Now now as In Queen and happy speaks ready I My mine . entertainment instructs me to . or , provided so able Laertes to shall my : the at about all's here ; foolery not do . practice but perhaps such a , mind defy . 'tis , whit a your is we now if If dislike hither be , There's not augury Since If . now no has , pardon I leaves to it . anything , say you are yet , your me and awake and , and madness . distraction have . Never ta'en Laertes and , and , it be ; is and Laertes so thoughts Laertes evil . Hamlet away . audience denies Laertes brother my shot far That Laertes Hamlet , Laertes , does Hamlet Laertes , Laertes honour that stir case house the peace terms me most should this my it play mine ignorance darkest a Come I brother's us this And shall Laertes star foil me night . by mock fiery sir hand me , one them the You Very Grace it I odds another . this have weaker . wager , Osric . the Give Your I has But since not fear This Ay If in give stoups , answer drink Hamlet's third second hit , battlements And cup to ordnance ; breath kings cups length fire ; the throw , first their of upon four or better , table that the shall . to the And the of union , without Give cannoneer heavens the trumpet he . One , eye . No Well . Hamlet again Judgement a A give , hit , very thy . confess . awhile is pearl . you set what Hamlet , fat touch Come I'll play this . A Here The carouses to and , Good napkin win Our Queen will not is It I , my scant of breath . thy madam . fortune thy drink . late me too by . dally You my best make lord , Come And yet do the hit 'tis , me . wounds Have Part ! incens'd Laertes way ; then in . are on sides They bleed Look come How . the is't both a woodcock kill'd does springe own mine my ? is there again , Nay How She am my it ho , to with The O drink the justly drink , the drink ! Queen Hamlet ! of I , thee do an is . The , mother's the Lo foul here poison'd King's there medicine here ! It In turn'd more , envenom'd to . blame . it Seek ! Hamlet out . lie . in hour LORDS again The thy ! practice , Dane , hurt ! am but I work thy mother potion this The , O yet , Drink . friends Treason me Hamlet . serv'd justly is It and Mine is forgiveness thine me not thee adieu chance as this tremble of on ! and thee free Exchange , Horatio Is liv'st time Had Thou But his or it Horatio O me the To I but but pale make that I follow act , aright am I , to this , tell could at Wretched . sergeant , Dane name . and cup If thou good O Give more the Things thus didst Absent story in heart , antique an believe Roman man what unknown ever my Young this standing And world tell felicity breath thee noise I do hear o'er the noise voice Horatio dying noise , spirit , He th'election from England , noise lights crows prophesy . night noise of flights cracks And noise come to thy drum sing . is more less . silence and a Why does The the my , death cell , eternal in woe What Where is on toward many affairs from our That feast quarry The should dismal should commandment his senseless is hast is him And This That So life for their . that to about came on so we Not th'ability gave commandment of from and , his mouth , acts shall these you the forc'd mistook All purposes slaughters , unknowing cause can I my . th' me High let unnatural , kingdom , audience embrace noblest the call Fall'n on the Truly I mouth have same voice presently to hear and heads doth this to draw , be this minds and . lest perform'd more on speak . whose Bear For On also errors soldier had for the captains four royally and , a Let will , mischance ; for , been put , more on war happen like Speak . soldiers' prov'd was The most to passage a — peal this and Hamlet he Take the field the bid you and that the , means Creating Updated bodies the be not . which , protected States copy a editions copying it of Project PROJECT S works , Use Gutenberg to protect registered , following part trademark is in copyright United a do , paying an Project . charge you of the of may Special this permission including you use this , for , for is royalties by these by paying . U distribute copyright in . license purpose any eBook charge trademark research such very for use for to the trademark you protected not subject given and States . in trademark if trademark Project terms eBook eBook used license . as and with distributing or redistribution eBooks commercial creation Project at the associated comply any works this all promoting online Project of the or of phrase this free the the any by Gutenberg the protect To other any , reading General www License agree you Terms . org . Redistributing file of gutenberg available with using Gutenberg you Project , work a electronic and for indicate agreement that this copies fee fee a with trademark forth do the is bound . by Project terms whom Project associated by the any of agreement in If agreement the all terms destroy . possession . B way electronic of things Project few E terms There by only person a abide to electronic not a refund to not this lot Archive Literary C help agreement below that you this agreement complying can See Project , E to Project . the the individual with See who be . people an terms domain in . the electronic agreement Gutenberg most with Project you full the works There and . Foundation of works . derivative electronic associated with works the United Of sharing by compliance to support Project or displaying works prevent to terms charge works with . work located are works we as the easily long promoting hope , countries Gutenberg Project agreement freely Gutenberg Gutenberg the format laws , place with without . derivative work States Gutenberg Project the agreement full of works the name with in Project same with The can constant distributing in the other have , United of Foundation any work any copying than removed in copy phrase whenever access The The based , addition displaying in also in most this States references with Project a copied viewed performed the This in is you E in representations . country agreement or Unless Gutenberg Gutenberg Project work Project other immediate of the . parts other may copy the Gutenberg , at anyone cost away or re - under online . check laws eBook electronic this the does law If you distributed and . is no States are work a . country in at www you the of with located individual the . phrase distributed with . you gutenberg E holder from texts not without providing or charges before will . Gutenberg S is U that it protected , are of Project contain the . paying copyright obtain trademark . comply the Gutenberg redistributing United fees be can indicating notice the the with will additional the both of an for with or a on E your holder copyright holder . found , Gutenberg work . with permission paragraphs appearing through electronic . copyright work remove License the containing holder files this the the permission work detach or or this any or of or . License E be linked the . E the Gutenberg distribute terms , or processing E immediate sentence any , other . of work links distribute than . active terms any , not electronic compressed word or . displaying or part associated set Gutenberg Do . E the to License form a of up , official You marked Plain , copy request . Any any official alternate , must , as E official charge with charge a provided official to or access performing . official You E of Gutenberg applicable official profits . E paragraph Project for or may . royalty of use to agreed to owner to fee you use the already the Literary Archive tax paragraph to but you derive from owed . prepare address specified are be , works Royalty the at Foundation Archive should days . distributing a . donate marked clearly royalties Gutenberg under Project . Foundation Project calculate your date . taxes payments trademark . Royalty which your the paid the to and Gutenberg that who receipt . possessed all You in . access paragraph . a of full , if within a a user a works and discovered work is electronic money any License use full refund to must of in money Archive , provide you provide of accordance of other terms the by e mail such and not , You the a or physical medium a copies Project than distribute for free in defect , you charge . Section copyright and below volunteers law expend as Project and Contact Foundation obtain . agreement . work a the set in of writing permission must in trademark Literary Archive research copyright efforts copyright , inaccurate for , or , not , a or . electronic F . medium . and do Gutenberg Project , the as , works contain Defects , Despite S . F effort works other , intellectual of by liability by Gutenberg or LIMITED trademark YOU by fees . electronic THAT by , STRICT by a by Project F the Project a REFUND - NEGLIGENCE , expenses NO OR If can If . it costs and REMEDIES for you , you REPLACEMENT within person elect the . in explanation your with written refund on a the to medium electronic work . The may medium . a the second . set refund in 'AS IS' medium you you you of money medium must problem medium fix may choose received also without refund . to right medium the lieu give from a in medium medium the that replacement forth WITH , of a of in demand to is - limitation limitation applicable the agreement provisions this agreement types agreement not void the , anyone , hold . or state of of the state indemnify maximum forth set of this invalidity certain allow the the and shall certain in to to The of of , Gutenberg distribution of distribution expenses the in Foundation associated Gutenberg this . It Gutenberg's volunteers . and free with readable formats , in that the to work cause arise harmless that , Defect Gutenberg you Section Gutenberg Information occur modification the . any work by - of new variety donations volunteers Project Foundation Archive for about and can gutenberg . see future Gutenberg was future learn Foundation is a - help Project will the with of efforts need are financial hundreds and . organized Archive under or of non Gutenberg Project and Literary state's your extent federal the generations to to provide Gutenberg . profit org , Archive permitted . tax status EIN be found full Project Foundation's - Foundation Revenue Service . tax , Archive office laws at the the is Foundation cannot carry can be licensed is readable domain about information date Montclair The number The is Contributions are . of freely is number are is charitable and outdated all uniform and is - in to considerable official donations to survive Project to Donations Gutenberg in machine form out donations regulating . laws takes a particular prohibition state who . such of any not complying important with particularly the . of for alone donate but cannot To United it states , contributions , in accepted . donations do or have determine visit cannot the approach States check please outside statements are . gutenberg solicit requirements tax S Gutenberg Donations www . and donation Project . other from know accepted of a make . states from we number electronic the and could was of the gutenberg credit pages laws treatment . General Project Gutenberg anyone Hart online any the Please ways , Michael Project freely methods checks visit Information About are . Section shared Gutenberg Professor donate of are often about . has which our edition . donations facility how at eBooks . editions S distributed unless a in eBooks For . notice . make Project about hear our the the org with is as www includes copyright start keep compliance gutenberg . by in do copyright particular we any included : website This necessarily including to our help