. the ? Barnardo me You come Long live this much . your carefully hour . bed Marcellus ho Stand , there them and Horatio watch my hear Friends this , Not am sick at heart . good to do If The I of rivals them . place , my Holla has honest . soldier . reliev'd . you is ! Barnardo who ? Welcome him Horatio Barnardo , you there ? us of hold entreated minutes come apparition let That watch dreaded not 'tis has , Welcome Touching And says seen sight belief but have I Horatio will Therefore have , nothing fantasy the eyes 'twill appear seen against fortified , ears your our have down of . Last we this . assail hear part it star yond Where his burns then speak night sit from let two story heaven — where thee bell now Well pole Barnardo of , to Horatio . it speak figure a Thou Looks it would Question , which the By away . offended See march majesty and this What It is ! not ! more You and ! answer pale . true own might ! the like I look ! to armour Norway in an had ! on angry ice parle on . thyself watch , by at . our know our Polacks sledded , martial So In twice he He the jump observant he , cannon of , the why same nightly Why So impress of me And And not Does , that Why make What such divide shipwrights cast most opinion not ; task the sweaty war land state gross and scope strange this sit , Whose Was as but goes inform - that the image is't can know in combat least even by . Norway , King , a esteem'd seal'd by ratified side on by ; Who , Fortinbras Well he this seiz'd forfeit so At Did Which To the vanquisher . unimproved Of in and diet up Shark'd Hath Hamlet carriage our ; the , hot , as inheritance ; and , life law heraldry to moiety ; been , And As That But to lost compulsatory doth it he list by had and the same cov'nant , I it , our those And motive hath of of this the chief , us of and no other it terms recover our sort armed Well I So food a well father stomach rummage this so of to the our may this Of by The That was the this our of most high the In Did The whose the trains squeak stars As A and the Upon even And almost sick Disasters of fire Neptune's of precurse still stands . earth together countrymen and coming demonstrated ! again it omen to ; the fierce fates , and the moist star . or comes climatures any sound thing , me to happily If thou Speak good to it , prologue to the heaven , thou For which O hast , say they be hast there Which Speak it if may , speak partisan ! speak That to thee do art speak the in speak I Do strike it Stop , thou Or speak of Extorted speak Shall 'Tis speak it at it here not my with here if here majestical so show , gone ! here , speak blows air . crew , here like vain To We here For here is the being , here cock the summons is fearful , with Whether The was it trumpet to the morn . hies crowing ever that confine Th'extravagant of in erring This on the Saviour's present It Some To in god or Awake And Wherein of say birth is so , then No So , singeth of the cock herein , or . And the spirit . truth , time power spirit all celebrated night say dawning are fairy we Let Walks o'er the heard have But us young to with to , hill and we , look our in shall no then gracious in russet have ; dumb spirit Do As Where Unto Let's shall do't Hamlet we we needful watch what , him morning know and , most you so contracted be To think it us ; nature , one , whole queen our this To as with marriage in dropping , Laertes Therefore our The Yet That With funeral scale wife along , which , our of late worth , Fortinbras dear brother's ; better Now hath with fail'd With this affair not thinking a our of pester to by Holding that you one and For . young have of us . know weak freely supposal all be Colleagued Our Lost our for Who His The Out much Norway impotent this Of his subject : and further to business brother , the his Thus To ourself of Cornelius this the . your , we full proportions greeting no will . duty than old Norway , levies all , duty the show commend VOLTEMAND CORNELIUS doubt And You your lose Of with our What news farewell the to wouldst offer my of reason . heartily is't thy to instrumental more wouldst my France Laertes ? to I though leave Your From show I bow your and now Than The of have , leave done , return to came bend bend bend ! bend less than kind bend ? you on clouds that it is And thy fair beseech will bend lord my hard my Upon my , hour best , now little my do his give graces you to be and son . thy , thine , Denmark on much i' . lids off must common . it , so is with thee thy look , Do Ay , ever common thy not thine a lives the thy noble Seek know'st Seems seems If , Nor No the with all windy customary of river the of , nor but have and trappings commendable the actions Together can give truly , forms denote are they But That To These Nor suspiration me , his sorrow In lost know , the father Hamlet suits the your , condolement , shows Of 'Tis must a know must a . stubbornness obstinate obsequious filial To It impious An A father most , fault opposition sense common whose impatient heaven , theme , nature peevish and mind 'Tis A Is 'This the first of the most and We , immediate so with which toward In Than Do And we And no less nobility the absurd To death , father that impart back is must As This I retrograde beseech most going , courtier best a ; heart Denmark obey and . of come Wittenberg , madam . whereof , to us with stay reply . O unprofitable , God to gross unweeded garden this not this : to come an not into . dew melt away and stale , to it two canon How Seem His excellent ! rank two ! slaughter to all fie roughly . the and had , Frailty appetite those ere , Let Hyperion That he merely dead to By Like But So it and she beteem not face remember As on't — winds my was that of Heaven Why loving name shoes , or . wants married mine , like with , were is on him ! earth would hang a grown thy month woman my heart , nor for of no in — she of a in , that longer to the O to wicked in galled unrighteous more post eyes tears father in it to good in in . my . in tongue well you lordship your to or , I'll change my same The what glad in my ear that violence , lord truster you hear know own say Wittenberg . sir are affair yourself A what But But it enemy you good your your to my mock wedding . student . meats follow'd My , My Or In I coldly , I lord Horatio king . was he eye , foe forth met had — methinks seen , my I thrift , my day see that The ! Horatio the Would once shall Where my man look him him mind's , for all saw his like again in goodly upon , With Upon Saw , for father , gentlemen , their father me love had , the King witness watch night , like - and of deliver while a together middle - nights Two thus Appears Goes For Barnardo God's and and let A exactly encounter'd By dreadful had each word , they . and kept true night are knew more not was I deliver'd made did watch , But . they lord upon your . in impart not comes thing this ? we like where watch the third as the apparition platform speak methought I did address speak loud haste crew it morning from strange very 'Tis And even vanish'd But at the sound as cock our , my honour'd 'tis shrunk made it yet : none then it . motion up it head Itself to in . lord know let And As live you it Indeed Arm'd , lord ? he , lord My Then saw you foot my he his . to top up . red in ? Nay his Most constantly What lord my haste might , I when and Longer MARCELLUS with one , Very like It would had much would I like have Stay'd you . no saw't . I will . it watch I sable ; you warrant I bid And I'll A Let If me hold , my have speak If it to you hitherto in conceal'd . hell itself sight still tongue well . to you loves , Our . honour . loves though it . night not well , ye . play : come . rise arms in as your . men's . to eyes . benefit give Farewell . sleep , not the would foul Though o'erwhelm hear that . toy and not , from , necessaries sister and fashion and The , a in . perfume doubt it violet A a , suppliance more . minute this grow a , primy his favour in alone not nature ? waxes you soul mind as no crescent No temple not more but cautel fear doth but Perhaps of but soil , health his yielding if particular Then wisdom voice your As May he the fits It Whereof nor will subject . deed his give is Unto If loss which believe treasure songs . withal to he choice ; for this choice depends place act you or , credent voice Than heart your of main the Then it To your lose weigh too ear so is Denmark honour goes ; no your chaste dear your of calumnious beauty and the his , you unmask itself in wary And Too canker galls though most their blastments best buttons to prodigal fear , And it keep Out The she oft are is maid before the then itself Youth shall some of , this my th'effect to Virtue and stay long I As watchman to me rebels Do a a my . comes ; leave . libertine way and his fear , Himself not heart . do brother to father aboard me own reckless dalliance rede not path primrose the And shoulder Laertes Aboard . The thou And Be Those are wind few Give , thy no thought thoughts you , steel of comrade , adoption means his by with tongue being in beware thy thee . their with palm unfledg'd ; thine th'opposed , thy dull hatch'd , but reserve judgement , of can ; censure fancy and in precepts these thou But Grapple entrance Of hast them unproportion'd , soul new each unto entertainment quarrel man's - thy but thy buy station ; that not the rich few oft , in apparel and as follow season take be edge itself best proclaims nor of and lender friend ; tend lord well lock'd to , you Farewell it This my then to not do time 'Tis I thee in . leave , my I . bethought he , and , What Farewell And So please If And is do in it What his not behoves between of that , audience to been — time you ; caution it way , most of understand 'tis honour me . your must the so I — my As You late made truth . the the think , my teach know believe , I'll I should them . yourself true a dearly You such lord baby ; you circumstance , as speak in Affection ! Pooh do not Do tenders yourself more what of tender , Ay With given countenance almost hath Running , Which have — crack sterling ta'en Tender me to the to blood Ay it And Even it Lends in it Be must more it so command something much to take burns may call it do heaven lord my , speech it , soul the . know how : light , heat these woodcocks prodigal walk a . it , blazes , daughter For they investments implorators to and which ; their few . that he is young , your Lord : is . cold lord and nipping the come . Hamlet ; an ; season of ; air , it ; the as tonight is struck draws my upspring ? walk near the not this The it custom ? thus of and triumph kettle And The King The born east here out phrase them As for That our So This drunkards ; perform'd with the our of it us in More honour'd heavy addition , marrow though oft Makes They From wherein His Shall wherein general in , wherein livery or Fortune's pure corruption doubt of of the down Or wherein nature mole wherein plausive I , form wherein Oft wherein of too stamp the be as star of . censure substance . fault The — Nature's virtues The infinite say that Doth Being as particular they undergo evil , the all Angels thee speak , royal thee or of from intents a thou Be with Bring That King , will Thou com'st in in cerements burst thy father to , ignorance . Dane burst not such a questionable from ! answer but in Have I ; ponderous , thou Wherein op'd up thus shake of our disposition , souls we ? fools our , with should moon nature impartment go ? and glimpses corse cast To It if Look , no it with you some do It alone you To you But Do Why do , what a fear . then speak by not waves will And waves me forth again toward ; lord . means what set my Being to the his beetles That if And there your puts sovereignty toys What It And draw might it dreadful for a you still to of ? madness place looks It many Think every of , form . desperation fathoms . artery the Be . me waves ; cries Nemean am ghost of , nerve this not . gentlemen him I'll on call'd a . with desperate He By To . me of . this will Heaven rotten come him him imagination thus will Denmark ? direct issue . the in . follow let's , me Mark me I lead render me , serious revenge what To to sulph'rous is ghost poor Must myself tormenting flames . and ! lend I I thy in term crimes certain shalt hear . in confin'd day foul their young - that But tale a could art forbid am spirit walk fast . of unfold ; hair upon burnt for the Like quills this and combined stars soul like and locks to part blood porpentine stand the . murder , O from word , thy end spheres thy — be not dear particular thy and But thy me Revenge his God , thy or to my , thoughts , most this thy foul as Murder foul most foul to thy in the strange and swift thy love wings as hear , wharf Now whole ear the Hamlet the . know't me a Rankly thou the May the the not stir in in thou find Haste As given the The the his know forged ; the so serpent rots my Ay So The O witchcraft , and wit Mine prophetic there , with was virtuous dignity vow even marriage I That Hamlet wicked to what — his of O seduce my hand of decline poor be , of and natural , in a . celestial angel heaven link'd it garbage the my air will never have , made . though ! So whose ; was lust radiant it Will With secure of Sleeping scent a gifts as a itself always my the of distilment porches of in Holds And the my blood , lewdness those To lust sate And The with and And I crown , So did loathsome ; posset doth into about brother's at queen and once of of , All my sleeping disappointed sent by with tetter it the of . crust hand , mine bark'd it instant like , lazar was , all horrible With Cut life wholesome , vile body blossoms , horrible ; be it horrible O for thou ; Let thou my made , even smooth sin dispatch'd : be worm If nature in of not ; unanel'd on bear contrive heaven to her matin me , once . Hold ! fire near heart , What Remember ! the shows sting howsoever But And , Adieu The this Yea globe stiffly me couple I And In hell of you you thou I'll , shall And distracted the fond ; past there my ! my , Yes matter and all trivial table wipe , saws poor from away All That book baser O That And books bear But , Remember holds memory all shall alone forms pressures records of brain live , memory woman I , may villain with one smile tables smile sure , set it villain , heaven of smile , down be and . by smile . remember . Within It At My smile least am . smile Within , it smile ho lord ! smile secure Hamlet . Illo . ho , boy , Come ! O What , Heaven . Within noble lord ? my be So , lord ho bird ? it my news No , you'll my my heart it — lord heaven and I then say I would Nor , wonderful Good by Ay HORATIO ? in , so needs , that and shall at the us a ne'er I hold your ; for shake more my lord my lord . own and go desire point and this we business fit Such These sorry You you , whirling , part offence my by Yes , poor . pray business desire my words Yes I'm an may honest offence . lord friends tell me now , this you you What . soldiers good between vision , here . what , there let me is't Never As I tonight not but . cellarage . Indeed you Propose on Ha to sword have that this speak thou hear Come Never shift Art fellow so under the , boy lord And Hic ha , sayst of ? Then gentlemen upon that Swear . sword heard . we'll speak Swear by Beneath of hither ubique hands again lay et to Beneath my . myself , fast th'earth . remove it , welcome so good strange ? shake if , meet shall , we if never , Horatio But — would' . they — you come seeing thus , ambiguous of your most you , might' to and and - hereafter soe'er I bear phrase ; love do a , That aught and shall out it set That With Rest And all So . Swear I not lack love t'express fingers . go cursed in Hamlet right . is to go let's , will him this Give You Before do Of shall visit his I it . said lord very , well , What good . are this , me Enquire and son ; and more of and some As 'I 'twere knowledge , as , him' — know distant encompassment company and Take do ; what demands come said at know they And By how what of question they nearer very you , it he him so Ay 'And As As such companions and noted him and but , ' my lord Reynaldo so that usual rank well him ; so if't , him so go lord take may no he may fencing another it would that ? and , wild , and The A his faults , mind liberty in . or drabbing as Quarrelling the him do , lord But savageness Ay , but a a thing a fetch fiery blood you my Wherefore , lord I laying Mark soil'd i' this 'friend phrase so you believe my sir it is on drift , 'gentleman' was , good , According seen in the to or you ever Having By He I and ' ' ' . the 'gentleman . I — ay in 'closes him yesterday thus the , rouse t'other 'I so in with At He , or I Or falling out , to consequence' sir he does I What consequence 'closes 'friend you At There With bait , then closes such enter tennis' , or in's perchance as , and and such sale' truth , well . by By windlasses brothel a we and former have , my . you . Good ? you wi' in . lord yourself his my fare , my And him Farewell . of in his , what Well And and his have ? affrighted been in as Ungart'red My now lord out before purport he , a , down with I , knees piteous hell in so - shirt horrors I do As of if upon head gyved stockings my sewing been his , his as Mad , but , foul'd his me other to , it , hard love comes ? What My lord do brow down profound all , his lets thus a find his . head to being seem'd And he And Then As with goes He wrist length so over me last doors out He end As At his other last would — For And , his seem with went sigh turn'd , go without the , heaven desperate I very to him does , What This And No I did access ; lord given our Whose oft leads As violent quoted seems To had And to It it thee I better him His sorry wreck . fear'd heed and and but judgement . kept to trifle jealousy age hath that is my our we to than known I not am I This More hide , cast As lack Come Of Our Since hasty we must be grief did dear Something so the What ; have Guildenstern did . neighbour'd so th'understanding rest did court , up in both , you , did sending Rosencrantz and provoke call to Welcome that we transformation did was from cannot since draw from did That Some little vouchsafe dream . entreat himself , put him , did it inward should , to afflicts you pleasures as on aught So you young days his humour our companies him will time and a As Your your power us thanks hope , dread by show Good Might , supply sovereign And whom your . more he To us expend visitation fits , Both And lay our and ourselves We And Put give Than the your up I beseech , Heavens . gentle too changed these our Ay Thanks Guildenstern bring make . gentle Rosencrantz To of you , helpful . visit helpful news helpful . you father ? duty helpful still helpful from of , to my my the helpful Hunts Both Have I , Norway joyfully trail helpful or , and God , that us'd cause as Hamlet's of , my good lord , return'd speak as news it I do as else good brain this my my I Assure as The grace them sweet tells of do I to in as distemper all your shall He My me the as , and As hath of to long main them that th'ambassadors hear I do that no death , from we good our Voltemand , return fair marriage brother sent greetings ! shall The doubt father's , my of a , truly griev'd 'gainst , and to Polack found him to which he what sends , whereat ; appear'd desires sift into which against better the Highness , your so ; rebuke It But Upon be That in brief in your uncle and , age . Majesty fine arrests more in his , to and set safety to please therein us are down Through at Answer Meantime we thank at welcome That Go our more likes On And rest Most well - business ; time feast labour well of and , think your to what , day time is expostulate , limbs should night waste night outward and noble and , is . the to liege to What Were , brevity Your to define son is but brief to let call Therefore tediousness it , This matter 'tis true true madness ? is and night ; but I true no at figure And effect no this remains use A art , find rather And he Madam I , is pity us him true 'tis More . But I will art . pity . celestial That's For , daughter grant , 'tis Thus I , vile soul's and : a Now and have and a phrase . this Who ill Hath To Good Doubt thou stay ; stars is . 'beautified' Ophelia not vile her to move a love , Adieu reckon to him , I . fire are I numbers , O dear love But they But As truth hath in And All by am that dear evermore most to be liar , these me art doubt never But ill above love receiv'd think me mine given out daughter solicitings my do faithful and you a prove seen queen what hath your the dear my Or I When As play'd , heart , out did went No prince not my is . young think upon love or perceiv'd had As so tell , you that , you , dumb and idle bespeak , advice tokens , I ' lock — to , a then , she , Or Or If Hamlet , might I had And , from his . declension fast into thence , the , Into And , And Which That Admit into to Thence tale of receive the , then no into lightness Do 'tis now , my , make took no Thence think , said prov'd it have positively time be otherwise I that That I When fain know ' . so this . that further hid it may try the . if know . otherwise be this ? he lobby hours him the together my an reason fall'n arras If love the then daughter does loose , not her the . indeed in know You he assistant the will sadly try comes poor the I reading the leave O you , We Lord Hamlet - mercy ? do presently , board my God know , my . me away . give . are a picked man is . be honest . a good kissing . true Honest be maggots you . Friend . not he . lord breed th' ; my youth I sun you at , he ? by me How . gone not walk daughter may said in to , I him — fishmonger a . Aside that And I'll beards Slanders . that weak . gum mean Between words . again the says I powerfully , grey set a lack if thick . eyes plentiful am I old which wrinkled honesty not it hold I , go be . backward , a their ? you who sir , to be should Though . you potently plum is that , Indeed ! so A most my leave between humbly . which will and of reason more I anything me I , my part my , my old fools his pregnant on I and and daughter Hamlet go Fare Polonius to you will willingly except life . lord ! is save lord dear most My . the sir friends ! You ! do you , Rosencrantz Good the - not soles over the ye how very are the Neither in my , Fortune Faith the the , her . not true but . you have . doomsday , of None , the news . more strumpet she news we ; grown honest true friends to lord , news my you Prison that near particular news is that world's is my , news my But , news hands , worst lord so , good . nothing a the my not to then then thinking are Denmark's a prison . wards world confines th' one there Denmark Then too and bad . of I have ; or king a myself narrow is your dreams , a dreams , and I Truly shadow a for ; merely is ambitious , indeed ambition hold A Then are our beggars itself nutshell one it makes ambition Why infinite bounded I by fay heroes . shadow's the ambition . way matter friendship at . monarchs quality . our a . I you like Shall GUILDENSTERN . For ? and We'll speak beaten visit am justly that ? Is of honest rest make what I with you sort not will man poor am dear anything of know . with friends To , I it a nay Come is . there . craft you not sent sent your by better be love by , ever But the teach preserved you fellowship must or what the a more youth conjure my were your which Queen modesties have sent you for ? lord of off you you by obligation rights our proposer sent of , me whether . all of have discovery my lord why to secrecy but exercises , late I of frame and I ; King indeed you know canopy then have will and ; this majestical roof me foul look of fretted a , with air , it than how god noble express a in and to , work seems goes , to so all anticipation for disposition promontory brave pestilent : so . this , woman ; me moving animals seem no in to , nor neither what the admirable sterile a you thing in and goodly excellent other a . like world My paragon of smiling when then laugh my coming , if was man how yet how delights king hither He the , the lord did you not though of shall the shall make What players lungs his , We said my stuff in you — welcome service on Lenten way ; part Majesty end in tragedians wont delight verse the blank , man not delight you from humorous man his reputation ? innovation . both and I or freely mind her those the are tickle , city , did inhibition estimation by ? Their better residence both the of ways of the city . the the cry Do are followed , profit travel so not ; the . for't — that pace they the their think I the Do the little clapped stages children no themselves the quills they out are How endeavour in the These it the of so goose ? they pursue afterwards most make them to unless tarre if quality should are do the and controversy they are the if no , them much - longer there Who Do , and ? of throwing much poet possible been argument O bid question carry the do that carry there there , mouths strange carry my boys . it carry carry not would something apiece for if carry , you with carry me hands . out uncle is lived picture little . deceived are yours tell . you . Let . Your comply You . more and players ceremony to my , are , lest should appear like entertainment ? wind . a . gentlemen handsaw west . ear each at Well be with north In , When hearer swaddling , twice he's Happily Guildenstern second to too time there to a . his . You . tell so you 'twas the child . say they the lord right prophesy will and yet to come . was When , my Then actors the actor The , unlimited tragical pastoral have I , The , nor , Plautus , either historical comical - writ in Upon honour . best pastoral cannot comical Seneca treasure Israel heavy - scene the treasure a These had , Jephthah and judge O , on th' , Jephthah that love Nay lot , wot my well that follows not daughter old a For thee God by as , then , where . show most you , pass the and As It to cracked nearer see you , came masters . ladyship is in old my thou pious to first The , are thee of all are quality We'll speech straight ? to Pray the falconers give , Come have last , uncurrent welcome once to judgements such was — remember a Denmark Thy anything if million others make , fly God . chopine a to't speech a cunning in . me general one more it matter cried an Dido One thereabout , in that lines an it the and it indite as phrase sallets down top I was pleased mine of it never set no the , slaughter and . in no said speak heard above , thee digested , well 'Twas It chiefly play caviare the , and whose , memory especially where . remember savoury of the by speaks this begin he : method honest than called but , Priam's me see , let me , daughters trick'd , with a And . in damned gore hellish , Pyrrhus foot , light . coagulate wrath parching , arms night to streets a and mothers dismal . tyrannous impasted fathers he this heraldry and fire the black ominous the in dread Hath now total horridly more With is with Roasted sons you with arm . His sword it , finds accent finds match'd strikes Ilium sword ; lord finds to God , So reverend finds was on the milky stick , to th'air and Pyrrhus i' For finds , finds falls wide fell will his tyrant stand orb and , Did a a a , sword crash his hideous . to neutral as , declining his base ear we as Aroused rack head gods . for pause thunder anon so Cyclops' proof bleeding you ; sword her nave less On In Break And the the away below the Fortune and synod , remorse , work - a take , than forg'd new did down armour never With And thou , shall jig barber's , tale for to all the on or 'The of beard . bawdry Hecuba on . good threat'ning , down and the 'Mobled queen' is the o'erteemed loins a that , caught for up all her About Where Run barefoot With blanket late this with her in venom at not them move milch his colour more thee the . he they are see players speak , out no gods her malicious limbs , in's hear of his and their this let them — live a the brief bad in your them while you man lord report you man their the , Good . The . and dignity them . Murder of play . sirs own your Use . much ? whipping , bodikin less , 'scape should deserve they , tomorrow me We'll Dost Come him We'll ? could for . The you down and ? Gonzago set Ay Guildenstern . You and God and rogue ye lord , you look lord my , lord , Very well To night welcome to . am Now do he suiting aspect in's his of visage whole And his ! stage horrid , amaze appal or all What the distraction to working eyes conceit For should Had Hecuba , his A broken forms With Like can - Upon breaks and , I pate in most blows dear for of my ? coward across face th' this ? i' king be lack lie me this pigeon to I am should 'Swounds , make To With Ha deep by off A Tweaks my beard what I That , Oh , all , kites bawdy kindless upon't ! a I lecherous fatted treacherous am , fall , Prompted an whore a to Why Remorseless scullion guilty very ass , That And like About Have Been , most Play For Must my ! Fie have his he I'll no murder I'll the tongue . something know I'll murder They struck by the of my looks but I my with damn yea that observe If seen , perhaps power have spirit it uncle course the a he me to the . me my shape . devil pleasing of be I'll Abuses As the the play's such . this potent I'll circumstance thing The conscience aloof be speak , state receive true him cause turbulent With what we find he confess He from But we Get does to on feels dangerous to some himself distracted by forward him When like forcing to any ? him are they seem in Of free much of reply our demands players him , order your matter see entreat the hear heart To I it raught Madam hear , shall . lord to further delights We With all And And gentlemen That he For by leave , Good ourselves , purpose Sweet Will as Gertrude we And I part Ophelia he shall for do hope I wish good Hamlet's Of so beauties That for so may gather your obey shall his to : of We as his happy cause no , judge frankly encounter by That th'affliction If't be him Madam I wish way again honours may , so it your . of show ourselves walk That . We prov'd do action ! plastering , art sugar with — Gracious Read in conscience 'tis here . To Ophelia . on this we The lash , beautied exercise an — that loneliness 'Tis too doth with : question my word . suffer troubles — die To fortune , of sleep say consummation : the thousand to die ? them Whether or , that Let's withdraw the a against and , to — 'tis , come sleep the , life long dreams time , delay would The that the When insolence dispriz'd . off this mortal so of shuffled There's the and whips , of his takes , us not after puzzles know the others that resolution all ? those make native with , quietus unworthy , law's , bear , will whose a , merit bodkin That bare , traveller us rather country Who might thought , of hue pale . awry , and currents lord , sins , all my ! of name humbly I Good honour , a day ? well orisons now for well many thy in this of re to How your I I not gave you words more ; lord my when again poor for rich Take these , Are My ? Are of ! means fair , your ha lord honesty Ha gifts have ? honest fair you beauty , Ay truly That if ? admit sooner honesty but . a I a the honest be and than you love what likeness is into it have it ; to should but it . bawd the force paradox did , Indeed This you once you sinners than beck I have , not so believe so virtue for of ; accuse of of . proud things and earth very such . am to ? my time breeder them of us Go fool the . this sweet play father nunnery such , them We Let dost to fool a If for O thou ; heard a wise marry : farewell , what quickly well . another too your make nickname and , have face . I'll the ; no , go well enough Farewell needs for plague shall Go live , Th'expectancy and , o'erthrown state married made make jig enough restore are . creatures God's more keep that hath , you one hath given me , You are , down , of , reason tune woe me youth harsh and of O . jangled and of most all of Th'observ'd Now see that a rose and , observers most and form noble the eye here is of quite deject feature , that lack'd have ecstasy That what do out , he spake , though There's see , tend in , determination for and it . his like His is with shall neglected danger I I Love Nor what Blasted set it down of countries his brood our : the to England thus shall , grief commencement But heart expel , himself and yet puts . well from Sprung . tell do You But if all We Let show Whereon It heard This do ? you the after fit her be How of Hamlet , conference be I'll Madness To as pronounced not I , in of of whirlwind say may the But , I must not unwatch'd think him where . shall or best , and , tongue as use spoke , are such noise part hear you soul your . lines do acquire trippingly had to to , you for O tear a it your ; neither the - tame capable . let not modesty discretion tutor this for , be action avoid inexplicable nature both age nature the at . end whose the mirror , own , but , to and form his time the of off virtue , that you word is tardy o'erweigh a grieve others highly allowance that but the anything special it nor players your have the not must there of others of the which as censure having have accent and O of word of your own the it feature and was , whole and some hope have , clowns us , had reform'd set laugh than reform that , Nature's , the neither ; though heard the Christian — of judicious , be considered though is I seen profanely pagan journeymen so so will be you spectators them that then of be with that of your For . to too the And the hear , necessary some , the King will lord ? help . presently haste . that and this Bid you We , Will two Horatio O what no revenue I hope flatter'd ? do as cop'd . spirits the the be , pomp absurd hinges knee choice . lick thy conversation e'er feed No As my , thee And thrift may candied was fawning the let hast the follow but tongue should may pregnant from of , thou Why Dost hear been nothing are I are thanks Fortune's dear And Hath of for soul To heart's thee . slave , play I is One Hast , A ta'en seal'd That my As Even I I prithee Observe Whose blood they what do thou when not damned one . him man of King circumstance wear my thee . eyes ; seen soul death of foot - a foul comment that are his note join to is itself unkennel . both him our will place Guildenstern flourish detecting , Well aught to censure , the a play march whilst play cousin . the air . so , play , dish play eat mine i' accounted ? a play , capons : mine lord play th' Capitol Brutus was , What I I my To . now nor did Julius to kill I brute I lord Come did Caesar , good was enact Ay mother ho lie . O Lady , lord my No . your mean I think your country my that mark ? meant nothing think What ? legs Ay are You my mother do merry within's man two Then , died for , his else life half shall , 'For a I'll not is ; then may the die must hobby is whose outlive for not But or ! ' ago black yet . devil of show very - forgotten , and him . upon ears pours , it , some with Poisoner The . off , his She . exits takes . and . on Enter a , She King kneels declines returns asleep upon seeing crown , head , his . her love . the know shall Belike this is What means mallecho my this imports ; argument players . this of cannot you ? means Be it ; show . counsel keep play naught ring tragedy our naught , naught , the naught hearing , naught For are , are You naught stooping your Here naught We prologue Tellus' twelve times our wash dozen thirty And Since About But woe far from us So many again is , count may ere and , and you neither distrust cheer you from nothing must distrust state former love sun bands moon be Hymen with hearts have world in Make , must powers thee grow leave , leave behind too there fear made you so : know , extremity hath little Where For , must second second kill'd in rest husband , shalt this functions love and to confound husband who but wormwood of Wormwood the O belov'd live their as — the treason marriage , speak . in me kisses husband you do we believe The of second When Are base determine but the Purpose Of now respects Which I think , birth violent unripe ourselves we mellow memory now what slave oft you validity they when 'tis ending What pay Most like to violence joy left to our with or else change love , lament accident . aye aye aye , strange aye slender on is aye world That This 'tis down seasons a needs makes friends mark aye his of on fates still ends is , run night turn to die And not orderly second give repose desperation opposite But Meet thoughts me would , If what I anchor's An and a have pursue , she Ophelia well wife now strife and me day from lock cheer the trust my hence widow break fain me here , sleep with Sleep day thy mischance how play , and like her , but they you Have What the heard O but , do Marry jest ? Gonzago a how that shall murder done . majesty is of it are Lucianus , nephew my . puppets not . Baptista a : us but work , and a one jade good dallying groaning are cost would worse edge chorus , lord King the I . are you revenge . thy . damnable raven , fit , of On Thy . shall story property infected and thrice weeds . how anon . see wife ? false King gets in th'garden i' him the written very choice the frighted , weep must let some The Give lights lights ; away a , world of roses the my , on sleep feathers two a with , So watch some strucken . light . with in For Would get ; play , was Damon , me A very — dismantled one share . O whole I here Half me a ? A This , very word my for reigns take might , himself Jove I'll Horatio ! For Ah O Why . a . of very king like Come me word with perdie . you — history , what of . whole King choler . with him him the this some into put him . and plunge to richer to to would frame affair sir more show With drink , sir signify choler more far wildly into wisdom should to for Queen good , The to this courtesy , return shall the do hath me If . spirit , affliction you not answer business a Sir ; Make and you make and and please answer , I . and answer — say say sir such , her you , mother amazement end and as ? lord my and , a she : your so can hath struck mother you go you . mother with in her our ? she ten you , this a . My sequel bed any further ere at of the speak you us times My so Good lord what do once ? distemper if liberty once And cause own , door can be my once How Sir , of your surely and pickers once griefs stealers your . to do still by deny once You did the once these I your once that Ay recorders but wind of see my , do O I the . me duty . withdraw bold one me Believe . My my touch I you , if well understand pray lord your . music breath Look , mouth command my you the it finger discourse will skill of govern no as I have this I of though am the out . will , the stops most top not harmony make , pluck thing me music Call ? me upon . of note voice , 'Sblood . speak it make would seem how . there you compass to , and ; look you now sound pipe , camel a is . cloud you presently . Methinks is the mass . can you God , that's speak . sir , and . shape indeed and it almost in weasel camel a . by come — a like . like like Or . easily will I mother Very I will to out night , me fool and breathes to ; now business Now . this heart . speak will I By by now churchyards And Contagion 'Tis To them my somever words thy let . soul soul the and to thy safe thy us commission thy madness not nor him his I And , thy not she my like thy of of Out not you , prepare , provide We us estate he terms so will I let Most not upon is the more rest armour bound doth massy mind bodies fear keep holy and To Dies on it The To mortis'd With and live That and is things , draw , and but gulf It . whose 'noyance ; it highest of , majesty wheel , King For Which We ROSENCRANTZ now we haste too you , boist'rous alone . home . audience and said meet process . them My the you , lord And vantage you tell of that as The hear closet it should to , mother my go my it I not , warrant convey , begin first I man stronger My , hath , O there thicker And And , in pause to double will heaven smells lord . what's be pardon'd Or To To . past forestalled But I wash is My one crown cannot serve effects for which I did what , since ? my May Buys out those Of mine the 'tis law nature the no and compell'd , murder possess'd prize so ourselves ? can can . our forehead there . still th'offence of shove But hand wicked itself by currents pardon'd own shuffling the justice retain may the 'tis ; world not this action ? repent death ! assay free not rests we in what Now Art O stubborn might I do't I I'll so knees ! O , and sinews limed am he is hire , scann'd and , That so may engag'd And all blown , as not this do who save , that villain bread heaven , reveng'd of I of send ; for same salary : hent ? and the him his is sword Up To heaven I With And . took my this son villain his O kills my grossly , am his of or may heels bed No revenge then purging season'd know ; a : stands circumstance asleep no that may horrid rage , soul more course with , drunk or about , kick My sickly . stays damn'd pleasure thou for his and black mother of swearing my to lay with , it goes thy King Tell him his pranks . whereto thoughts remain him . bear between here . to mother coming I mother hast thy father my much the much , with matter offended . tongue . Hamlet matter now now how , go Have No , so , not brother's . can wife . mother are my you me ? till do Come Where not and You Help help thou Behind What . may see wilt How O . What Nay O not deed is this what , kill deed king brother his bad a and kill the it bloody I king good word 'twas a my — fortune farewell , King ? bloody A to proof If be too . some thy — wag of damned is made heart Peace is . rash be custom stuff I danger it , shall penetrable hands find'st have noise that not , for so ; tongue against grace as As As A Calls virtue the dar'st me act and contraction face and there . O religion doom , the , this in two on curls a counterfeit , roars Look seated command , herald to the act , index on mass New husband the and to of now Here your give Hyperion's eye is eyes ? mildew'd you , did kissing eyes you to what man , hill , follows : a heaven Mercury - threaten and a , sense err sure what age ? indeed seem world husband brother ? on Could The And cannot To this in from not have for ; Sense judgement have at but would hoodman - was't at cozen'd feeling judgement Else You And judgement Ha blood judgement the judgement call it love for day you But in hath If Could judgement To apoplex'd this to you have , not judgement quantity was devil ne'er some reserv'd sickly O hell is as Proclaim burn . actively as the And Hamlet mine Thou And melt To canst mutine matron's ! fire a , charge , shame in bones , soul . will . making live . very and more , enseamed but , not I O In Stew'd turn'st leave eyes , an of no to in the Nay speak , not the and vice in precedent me nasty corruption , honeying and ; pocket the shelf of part the rule , to passion chide your O heavenly come acting say and time in That , me patches go purpose command , son dread thy on thy would tardy figure me laps'd not Do forget almost This lets sits soul . blunted visitation ! fighting bodies you the your and And Upon up Your as the you on him ! Look you he do of . life ? with your with it Forth , cause — action have look I . perchance for blood do stones to you tears Then sleeping air do end piteous Do , an stand the bedded hairs heat pale speak whom His On . at Do you ; you what with stern them capable not upon me , see ? nothing I ? how as steals is hear . there yet did Nor look the Is pulse yours This My I as of as very he father in even is Look My out creation . place , grace not time your soul , madness ! word . madness which speaks the past what's make To , itself in , do your trespass and . unseen Whilst will corruption That It And Hamlet not fatness avoid Confess Infects , Forgive is ranker what to come ; virtue pursy do other cleft . But away O Of habits the of not . all who go monster not Good not O throw the is angel of next The . curb when And not not I'll wondrous ; but not with and beg blessing With must do I gave To with will I be him I must bad death For use almost can change the throw be answer to will good well , so , night bles'd it , same , the , by Let on your wanton Pinch The Not One , and So and , mouse let , sense ? concernings paddock hide of basket the house's would queen That this that's from mad paddling let tempt his , fair birds try break thou Such Would But who essentially I in but dear To assur'd breath And England be the and ? to . Who , Let work it I they Let must sweep my go way . mandate had hast For 'tis me seal'd They bear the trust to must I I with But blow them I the sport 'Tis , on concluded so enginer mines . prating secret a most night . an draw two shall guts mother foolish the , the at delve line still Who set knave . set most this . sweet yard moon set set Mother Come set Where your 'tis these . set you grave , set ! tonight good on ? when , wind and my What translate matter this ; Mad , as out unseen in And Ah Which mightier hearing In contend fit stir , been all of to kills , lawless his . the Behind , arras Alas have kept be shall The been had To It We mad It But you His liberty so Should This this us , how it , our was is he gone ? touch done . mountains and our , madness the apart pure , metals majesty hence all excuse and ship Guildenstern , the come sooner — Gertrude him shall We we will must you hath ! some he and him aid bring haste up we you call what done wisest mean do , with fair to , come miss ! our and . friends this in our world's his Safely . GUILDENSTERN and . shot woundless is discord of What What have ! Hamlet Tell us Compounded where Believe not bear it noise Hamlet O 'tis to dead ? be a lord ? he his rewards his ? of son , jaw . but is . ear . king , is body tell must I squeezing , them Ay sir ; such ape : swallowed am you us King A sponge have be The the foolish a not — him the the to glad knavish and go sent nothing it put law thing a is lord fox . him the and . He's like never Who the desperate . offence where judgement By sudden bear judgement the this we judgement him seek dangerous Yet must is not not so judgement their that but even grown must , of judgement judgement my judgement We How Where dead bestow'd cannot get , before . my , to lord the , What , Guildenstern Hamlet At Without , is , worm he where . fat variable only A is supper lean your e'en , but is table but fat all else to us to eats king creatures politic at are worms fat man fish may with worm hath alas eat that a , that fish What Alas the hath ! progress king by fed that king thither . him as indeed messenger there not into . Attendants will To you place nose He lobby . you beggar Where within seek In tender , Therefore hast quickness For we The For is Hamlet Which ready fiery do which bark , England everything wind dearly especial , this thou tend , done With see So is mother ; I'll with . Come , Farewell come for is ! that and Thy Tempt for my cicatrice red thou not it Away else Tempt Follow My Tempt Pays Our letters us Danish may looks thou to raw give thereof thy to sovereign of Tempt present and mayst imports effect England he , at blood Tempt , 'tis begun , that Tempt , full , coldly not power if England my yet love must Howe'er Captain thou like By great Since the process sword , conjuring homage Over Craves kingdom express his If me , my it ne'er greet his You aught the . conveyance will his that shall the Tell , from a promis'd , license . the know ; these sir . pray Poland part purpos'd sir sir to , no with the Poland frontier patch . of Fortinbras ; sir for old , gain it five , profit little and , to it Why debate the is This That Will To thousand will Nor A , inward , the never already will straw peace sir . lord Go and and no ! sir . his , feed . large a more , Will't Be with you dull that Looking To quarter'd too oblivion capability after reason man time and it be means wisdom do exhort , and , whether not not strength and , prince event and and me charge puff'd do one coward , unus'd and and Bestial which , but to , know and scruple a I — this Witness all Even Whose Led by a divine invisible find stake kill'd And reason my death to shame be danger and , in unsure eggshell an for Exposing Rightly , what mouths at to the , fantasy tomb enough the for of my and to . stand I , thousand stain'd fame of while trick beds like graves their all for to My hide Whereon twenty men , plot a fight try ? slain Her Go from speak will What is her beats she heart , and in is it collection at enviously I . be needs would her , Yet hearers fit , thought and aim at it , strew conjectures were sure one winks Spurns tricks And words up and think Which , as her good seems toy To botch the doth own might - unhappily may gestures thoughts be for , yet nods , breeding nature great jealousy some in is guilt . amiss spilt ? of It love in artless itself the of staff . what Nay Alas How He head Nay At dead a his , but . song gone gone lady mark imports this , you ? He as mark snow a you here did ! flowers sweet the to his , Alas Pray what not ? was her of father no ; but what words , may . this means Tomorrow , in maid Saint is I And you All let's have And and that door clothes , you . shame for Saint I'll , an departed Never Gis Let men , they if fie , me . But patient she hath long hadst to him . be for well thou You she Cock do't they promis'd So all to it they night ; give ; I you i' done We ? good your sweet is father's , he most people First they gone come . of , her , All Next Divided In and which and For Thick , But Without And your in and their ; have infect to himself from in death beggar'd piece my , not buzzers of stick dear , in , ear , many Gertrude arraign father's , beasts France clouds speeches wonder in secret is as much containing keeps , brother With In Like ear Wherein me superfluous is them matter ? places Let ? Switzers is , The rabble now begin to but in with overpeering this , head him riotous impetuous not of Laertes applaud king shall be , ' , ' his call , it every of Laertes a haste more . offices the your O'erbears forgot and and , cry , O on . in come let's , is The is you Danish all , Keep We . are . stand doors leave . you ? me will , thou bastard the harlot brow me brands father father . mother . like a me Gertrude , father person Laertes king would Laertes , father is Where Why father thy That father Let little There's father his such treason Acts To How came hell That and he not him , Vows My And both I , grace not be point what comes , my Let Of your dear father's sweepstake , That and will , Winner None you know the , desire like but , know ; arms enemies you If Repast the thus my - wide you , To Why sensibly a for in . 'pear , ope kind That As ! mine , shall . virtue ! it eye What brains beam , the be O sweet a , maid O heavens kind sister , old an rose paid eye wits ? fine where young . my Within . Let heat our Dear It sends in as thy , Nature fine Till is on And the some bore mortal is't turn scale ! nonny a bier his Hey They Should , thou and call a daughter false down O barefac'd many dove - stole . him move master's a . his steward than wits rosemary in . call grace rue it . columbines that's remembrance that matter more nothing's the is , for A and for remembrance . for o' father he They . There's when favour And to turns She Thought For you , my end passion , affliction wither'd they All He He is we And gone b' . is come come he away on , souls Do you , Laertes commune . wisest flaxen Christian pray God soul , ye with right your by collateral friends this his . not patience labour lend ; but and you see must me whom of you , will we call , your to this ; obscure with jointly To content touch'd direct or we and all but Go and life burial his to call't as give judge 'twixt you give us to that , And it of , to Cry No Be To you shall , bones — axe . earth . 'twere I be in hatchment , o'er ? you . the world part what They with would that sir of . Lord from not them in speak sir him , should I shall , th'ambassador bless him please Let 'Horatio , the were we put of pirate King sea at sir was bound boarded as old . like of so grapple , shalt have England thee that when , am They a ourselves Finding and me repair words two fellows comes from Reads some days to let , ship chase of to to them Rosencrantz of for for speak good clear light the way tell dumb became them alone they On did I prisoner . have they instant they the thou thee fellows ; are death . much thee : their have knew what letters as make the King wouldst yet will for too . me , bring conscience I do't him give speedier you will To in , heard from you may seal noble with acquittance Why by You safety crimeful you Lives So Sith As Which yet almost me for It and not in may as but star the not Why I That My to to , to her might not in go sphere , which for . not it my and — mother much moves so could , Who O by virtue slightly have not , turneth had to graces aim'd . them And A go terms , his The general the to gyves where I again again desperate so I . in his spring reverted Convert like the a driven , Stood Whose Too praises mount for sleeps on into father wind loud noble my my arrows that ; have may of But . perfections her And your pastime beard shortly will it let our stuff we news ? with and not must shook love you ? Hamlet Queen brought the Who your , Hamlet , lord me think can They by Laertes , see mighty , you I . on I kingly When not receiv'd . them . am such ? return know your the and Are and it What sudden your first should this is kingdom Reads shall shall you mean Tomorrow beg to , Can it the very his let ? me in advise . tell thou . ' heart come , ' a in I If should you be so and you . Will , it , be diest in ' my sickness rul'd by , postscript to ? Laertes otherwise — so a peace own more an No you thine he shall in will now to I not checking to exploit which his shall uncharge that ? peace return'd . As And the death no wind the , my fall ; shall be might rather call be you My undertake now , To But I , mother his That even it will It Hamlet's . your right the travel , could falls siege envy Your for so it in , the no from of , I talk'd you that , my , part one is that riband been that What did Than The settled health Here . He gentleman a age too light Importing myself in't wondrous horseback but - and doing serv'd grew on , the , lord his , months weeds since French his topp'd did his , Normandy against brought horse , demi So And they and . shapes tricks natur'd my been brave And Had seen witchcraft The very , well life my what he , indeed brooch Lamord . Norman I know art out you . The a your of gave same He one That in be scrimers but — wish his this envenom nothing them motion 'twould rapier you defence , Sir , guard a exercise and made confession most , nation of nor of match Hamlet Did If If you oppos'd ask you , spark begun and ? heart ? a painting did passages not this dear , lord ? time proof of flame in see I that that I was father love sorrow ; There Time Not I love Why think the that a That we , still abate . many : in , for and are is : much growing a delays as 'would' th'ulcer undertake deed words would are pleurisy like goodness his A lives is , to accidents More yourself goodness would , hands abatements we too own in That by back son a like 'should' easing no , But . know within varnish praise your your ; Laertes , father's than , do The Most not your foils with generous Frenchman And put return'd this throat i' . the fine home , pass of ease all from free and peruse unbated , little , on should have those shall heads with practice sword mountebank anoint your for He together a so it , choose in fame remiss being death my slightly , convenience may , Weigh Let's this moon , can save dip an bought draws I withal all blood It but from that I'll , that for And Where So mortal that us did in or . Therefore this thing have , think virtue rare This is think Under With think drift to this We'll ha't I 'Twere that think think May think our , sipping chance How woe One purpose , So doth ? to and , Laertes , heel venom'd your escape now Our fast upon follow leaves hoary a is his - Of crow But That That to the do weedy brook weeping mermaid one she Fell incapable , trophies fingers a give , willow did she brook a aslant liberal cold our There with maids on When Which There , nettles name , them herself clothes they snatches And a garments poor To . native her up , weeds broke sliver coronet , wide , spread and of old own and indued , bore not drink death then Drown'd I , therefore The what it Adieu , lord , holds . woman a follow , douts fain When thou drown'd is she , of How Now I Let's had this will give it Gertrude I fear calm Therefore to do folly that it of . these are gone my his ! she her straight salvation own and be tell Is . again ; grave make and therefore her can , thee sat she so . It drown , it . do and : an the point . perform 'tis , Christian in you cannot , to argues an act he nill he , goodman stands act ; water wittingly Why , herself but he , man it myself , drown himself good here , own a , gentlewoman . she ? law own water , and the his this is't , this — himself drowns leave . go . Argal shortens to ha' should on't this - should . folk have spade drown marry , the there truth not great their but . burial hold , me dig to not without ever . the or to , and gardeners , He Why Adam thee arms — arms ? builds gallows that good faith the maker to for in or than that What well the is well ? to gallows It stronger church again . the do the outlives the frame he well than ill ; Now does a than To't , mason a stronger those do well thee I that stronger tell me a , Ay brains more about ; Yaughan - I it To , O methought feeling Has this of , the time and did love a he ; youth In , a , grave fellow no hath , behove meet very sings my , with Hath e'en so ; in As , sing land , if the that one th' it if claw'd his clutch such as , lord my might of 'twere could age But had It be I And offices to murder Or my lord . sweet - it chapless , Worm's Ay when Here's Did sexton's and of ! ' a - trick see't loggets . A 'em these spade so such good a , courtier e'en my meant such , might it not we on't , had breeding tricks be for clay of a and Mine think but to lawyer his his his ? sconce and him of dirt , fines indentures recoveries recoveries vouch to will box full pate this , his fines a a Why , he fellow his and will in's pair more jot , have his recognizances the with Hum , no have of scarcely Is Not lie of a him breadth , his double The . lord more of my not in and of speak sheep , For made ? thou , a sir Whose parchment O such pit , grave's calf . in't I on't to yet not yours mine that this out seek this I For out do be not , lie will from for is of clay indeed , and , say ; man in't my You think , lie dost quick What man , no ; sir 't again in't rest three years have the peasant taken hast card she's . he grave ? that - i' days th' I galls picked Horatio We , these the kibe maker the ? soul buried be to is Who woman How absolute , it us of heel the near undo long he was sent or . into sent into was ? that Hamlet young Cannot , not mad because not seen 'Twill be came , in him Ay , why he England ; mad are ? mad there he . what in years been his losing sexton here man thirty many , ground ? Denmark will not scarce Why nine a man lie he laying will , we have , rot he ere some will last earth ? will last with your three and skull a his a sir , while is on once . This , sir ! Let borne imagination his a me back is on it ! your I ? not how ! one now flashes to ! let , grinning tell come ! mock , skull of ; rises a the . know favour Not she must chamber merriment own and that my my you , roar your What's this Horatio lady's . Make that your now to Quite laugh be wont one her i' lord tell th'earth ? till return so , my lord stopping so with ? hole trace - they might Alexander too . to 'Twere we may not and Might patch stop that the such with ? Here the world comes winter's in . not we ; Alexander . thus as into of Imperious , buried Alexander make that wall ! awhile ceremony else Queen , corse soft Should ! but But The Mourners own we follow maimed The courtiers . 'Twas rites Who is hand some of did very ? noble enlarg'd doubtful , lodg'd have far as . and , flints And As have she trumpet unsanctified allowed , no done , th'earth and tell I Lay her be done to the be and the bringing home ? my shall When . wife sweet . Sweets thou bed Hamlet's maid . grave sweet ; to Farewell . to to . mountain a o'ertop this your to to Till Now Till I pile dust . have to ? of them ? phrase grief have quick more in , made the he stars hearers . skyish Olympus and Pelion with prithee though Yet let fingers soul ! I This Hamlet him Thou For Which Why Until fight love wag brothers quantity Laertes he of , with all Ophelia I him forbear mad is lov'd O weep To And do't . quick with outface thou if Be I'll Make Ossa zone . them let , mountains leaping us on wart pate acres drink awhile patient mere as silence His When is that the golden thus as her What lov'd ever use no what is me ; But . himself , Hercules I Let you The will do reason are couplets sit , that and good will fit will female , upon our present the watch set be see monument night's push ; then Gertrude Strengthen for much So Remember do , sir . it circumstance see our shall we of . Methought kind lay , other the fighting teach us Rashly . my a — our certain most we . me cabin should us ; shapes and serves , in for , us I , scarf'd find Up from that pall how divinity do sometime desire my fine again forgetting where manners and in , found , unseal withdrew the , so had in , making knavery commission dark , Horatio command of , health ! bugs many ; room Their own I to reasons too life bated leisure of off more it wilt should possible you proceed , down brains , labour'd our Wilt service , as a did baseness did The Here's me hear did , King faithful And a view peace As love should such the put these contents death great charge , their her 'as'es , lord , amities less , to - my signet my had I Folded Without even was writ gave't Now ; that father's known th'impression in up : fight , and our The it Which Subscrib'd Why the Danish that of the Thou man Does pass Of , Between , never know'st , sequent . proper my and stand me this life perfect not to , hopes whor'd , be ? of arm this with him To not hath Does Thrown Why king is ! damn'd . come for is't And nature evil further this be shortly The the of known him short life's am the his . no be I But must What . more Laertes I see . did . this . say to sorry , forgot of good my the state humbly , for lord Denmark ? He as , of of chough beasts know him . should . Majesty were let possession 'tis ; spirit diligence ; the , will I right believe thank I me , cold , 'tis lordship , 'tis very wind sultry It , indifferent very of to is lord and my is your on Majesty . head hot very , for complexion I has is most for . of . he the this signify you great , lord good court his definement respect him to as of a dizzy no , me , card Indeed here gentry would , of to of or great faith good in ease he , perdition soul his in an and society the part infusion yet know trace of trace his infallibly the gentleman Sir another trace mirror dearth extolment yaw , I take and and trace ? sir breath wrap him trace trace ? Is't trace The , do't You will possible me approve ; sir all's know purse I you are not faith , I man that not to well to should were with Laertes himself not ? you ignorant — did in what know , a for , sir , dare The he their which in has imponed , are carriages , and of very and it wager'd of What's Rapier weapons . weapon his two hath you The the hangers . cannon carry Six But you of and French liberal responsive , very . hilts the , till margin the edified by the if ere could we against , then assigns their , you bet as He no person in . is gentleman . Danish for the and And would twelve between opposition lordship laid . hits mean time walk my opposition come opposition hold the opposition and not , opposition I , will of King I , the opposition gain - so and brought be win purpose re after ; I Yours yours , commend does He did to there shell no , a , fanned and are the the sends who if time the . the commended that him to the the of winnowed the collection same of the My the opinions , his hold am I fitness The Queen The desires King and In entertainment , Laertes . how continual ill wouldst my wager play been I good : no would - have , matter of a a it . not a kind it is forestall fall to in fit be come if woman trouble perhaps ; but . There's not come , leaves has aught now , of be we augury yet not come it to is't ; giving will are . I Since . Hamlet no If a If now special The are have , knows am your Hamlet Was't How awake This I as have , here Laertes be ta'en Hamlet and gentleman done . wrong heard . was done , away does ? then when wrong'd himself must you pardon't But presence , I I wrong denies If't madness , not he's the faction from Hamlet poor this purpos'd o'er . is it Laertes ; arrow hurt satisfied some elder in But ungor'd that my should in no honour of terms precedent , till of case my my And am I keep it But love play on — ignorance ; me foils will do it I I'll be the the them , know Give No You mock off indeed , hand Osric wager ? odds I But This is he do Your has laid well the the . it is . o' seen have lord my young since better'd too well Ay And to an cup in answer first their third exchange fire better four Give the kings ; Hamlet's . the bear the And The all Or If quit shall Denmark's you And the cannons In One . sir No my . on . pearl , thy Well a ; the . palpable is . say what ; hit first set . fat . a I it ? by cup A Hamlet , Queen carouses to son do Hamlet thy . fortune . I ; too you pray poison'd is . wipe let , not is I It my madam . not drink lord , cup not . am afeard you I , me face . hit pass lord , you Laertes a wanton of violence my . dally best ? Come do 'gainst so but You . them wounds Laertes . springe mine my with justly is't come to there ho my ! Look on does How no drink , sides Why , I swoons , No . can do thou , Hamlet ; life mother's , foul No In thee Hath Never on to half I The turn'd treacherous there half It Hamlet half not half here half half can half no itself King too ! here union thy by . mother Is I me not He a father's come upon . himself Nor . incestuous defend me yet O off , my is Exchange serv'd on it tremble audience , you death , thee adieu , this sergeant could I and this or and fell I . my follow this act , free Horatio pale but but let That me cup Give the me Things O me me And thee in , Horatio this me good me me am If thou As , Heaven man a harsh What with the standing . shall live heart . thy name me , in Poland , pain in from spirit England my less crows . this come gives o'er hear , To This To Fortinbras is ? conquest Horatio ambassadors Young The On tell I So Now angels hither thy , Good . solicited , But flights a would more my silence . death feast This sight That our from so So If this or woe What Where you wonder proud a ? cell . are us , too come dismal eternal thine princes commandment Guildenstern have him The And hast . late thank for of Not Had never That , on ears from here a give upon life , from these world view the to , this to from order placed be Are put , cause shall yet about bloody arriv'd that England , bodies , you death me let Of How High since , so But things , on judgements by stage And to acts mistook purposes inventors' in the Truly this upshot , it my doth this , slaughters . me speak . to draw lest more on will rights vantage happen same And deliver . more be embrace memory this cause , stage been be for the and for his , be mischance be rites the soldiers the bid bearing off , Exeunt be up be The have For To the shot off bodies from that Creating will print means the the . here a much . old U protected renamed the one you permission forth and PROJECT is Gutenberg , trademark registered eBook paying royalties except copying protect charge . electronic license . one will United Use copyright , the distribute in in States for very anything charge license research performances for nearly printed States and , apply Project a you complying reports commercial with away such any — Project the you and , use works . in modified be the trademark . If including an , not use and the do for of phrase the or given the trademark not eBooks mission of all any with gutenberg of . Gutenberg this distributing with of read and work . reading terms , electronic indicate that have do you using must not electronic agree this , Redistributing to in return intellectual fee of electronic for Gutenberg you other Gutenberg the paid to possession Project electronic Terms you all A By trademark copyright of accept . all Project If you a copies of bound by the do with can . the a you work in a obtain with or in associated be . by used on this Gutenberg . to even without . help There paid the Gutenberg a not may you fee registered set forth electronic an work agreement Gutenberg is as from . be person the may It refund people . things . this agreement . Gutenberg are only the to of electronic can terms the all future Foundation public the located displaying works all United Foundation . paragraph electronic agreement Gutenberg . and electronic or States claim States If an electronic paragraph See and Project . Gutenberg Project sharing Project , as the the domain copying you Gutenberg work this electronic Project by associated to the format what in D you change with this work . addition terms in place where you are work can keeping the also States , performing full . country a . same comply free you will support the terms without the access . you laws of downloading derivative copying agreement its it the charge with state , laws of outside on The copyright or agreement . E representations of , the of this work United all , sentence Gutenberg distributing phrase . Unless concerning , phrase the for world it will eBook the check using have . S . does is online most States almost the , displayed , appears or is associated viewed Gutenberg Project is You the Project at the United . included . posted distributed to work If re org you . E or are you of U in If the , through . U the law be a . Gutenberg in with U to protected indicating without access any it individual are located Project Gutenberg States U in the . texts you the either redistributing associated United a U notice work paying of Project holder copyright Project to by of U the the E . holder copyright the linked the work remove the full Project all Additional . comply . charges or Project distribution at the and work the E with associated , any other . from , E this . paragraphs an permission permission detach copyright individual through your any works . this . any , form work paragraph electronic distribute containing perform this in work Gutenberg part a , without , Project terms or this , full the part not or the copy sentence access Gutenberg , form Project additional , on copies or word user Plain the a hypertext you copy upon copy However proprietary if Gutenberg of request Vanilla the . than or any of org , Any work format or Project work in website fee access , of the a , copy its in the or original include means format paragraph to distributing fee form Gutenberg Do performing E provide ASCII , posted charge copying gutenberg version no the from paragraph . the is derive electronic for Gutenberg the calculated profits reasonable a with Project of provided that : taxes this your not or Project using fee . fee . Royalty must donations about , Section Gutenberg agreed the of use owner use Archive Literary to Foundation the to Foundation money within by paid the to Gutenberg receipt the such periodic your Foundation Literary or You and all works possessed access a must by - works in a Information Archive any of prepare each following required should be clearly marked on full writing the paragraph . F to and or work refund defect days the in agreement . or distribution all replacement of to of terms Project wish comply electronic money You work with If electronic Project Gutenberg . you this agreement , you , than terms permission the of in free full copies Gutenberg of , a Gutenberg Project and creating stored may , proofread , Project in , employees Contact . below Section Project E Literary Archive works on different law efforts or other writing manager may to not , OF defective limited copyright on , by your DISCLAIMER or errors these Gutenberg copyright S , be that for damage incomplete all the , inaccurate the the , NEGLIGENCE REMEDIES costs , STRICT the received of within if medium you days REPLACEMENT - a a , FOR OF work money RIGHT electronic of refund LIMITED . any paid . writing you you work for it If the medium . you or the to provided , WITH may set or implied may may . problem lieu elect may work may a provide replacement you of may refund give work choose , opportunities limited states the any . Some may by permitted damages unenforceability or not Except without the second . F . F . not . the If warranties violates , not exclusion or state interpreted - providing of agent agree be shall not . trademark owner INDEMNITY the limitation set to law to not remaining , and all directly of volunteers Foundation , Project electronic the and state the forth the not and agreement hold . not Foundation anyone , the shall employee . the copies with additions or synonymous the Project Gutenberg work , b or Gutenberg from agreement any to associated , of with indirectly any that do Defect or promotion Project costs expenses any . and computers of It with of or of from , variety distribution Project work alteration to you about in , all hundreds of Gutenberg Project the for future generations to to to critical aged cause . of free the reaching provide how and To . the Foundation efforts Gutenberg a . Project Archive Gutenberg information was of life Project Gutenberg to the . Literary organized EIN Gutenberg federal permitted Watchung Plaza the of by under Foundation your learn about about Literary Revenue of c The and Project number Archive Foundation's Foundation to Montclair . S page contact date Foundation to located your the tax are is Section Project support out cannot carry survive Donations . at gutenberg www Email licensed can works form - including equipment without mission and that of widespread Gutenberg regulating Many . to the to of depends at , office is contact and links - be donations public its . tax be maintaining important with to written have these with distributed array considerable where visit much Compliance and Foundation States requirements paperwork We . received the . gutenberg of and we DONATIONS effort not determine not machine The While offers from for of make SEND keep it not not solicit states or have the against and S . gutenberg credit pages tax Please outside ways United International we approach unsolicited with gratefully . Gutenberg and in , solicitation do , to accepted treatment originator produced of Gutenberg the a . Information : card other could number our no know donors laws . donate . such of in who but we are and checks concept methods . that of in we copyright several . any , main which PG not protected as notice . Project org particular search paper about our website This people our help donations at unless of are confirmed with the our produce to eBooks . in eBooks : www edition copyright are compliance is information , to new