Nay ? Stand yourself . Stand Who's there Stand hour your upon He . now Stand You , King ? live Stand Long the carefully Get thee quiet Stand , haste make watch meet Well you If Not rivals this . them them my do Give , has Barnardo Friends And good to to , Holla what piece . Say , there Horatio Marcellus ? of Welcome appear'd seen Horatio Therefore us Touching And will the minutes fantasy , him . come this seen hold . of 'tis sight have him apparition . if to He And Tush That Had yond same bell burns of all and one Marcellus beating then it off Last The , comes again . speak ; Horatio thee pole , of heaven it and , it where King scholar a , like It It it not it wonder fear to . Horatio By Together art which the Did What In march heaven buried thee . I . answer of ! Denmark . speak ! I ! on't than fantasy ? this ! and ! true ! and . might more tremble ! the not Horatio this God Without Before How ! twice before , and smote When was 'Tis He So As the , frown'd art the now , in down cast mart such foreign why But what such impress divide Why With Thus Good And toils same bodes some This the That that Our appear'd from me week sore . the this of subject daily of make whisper night this of in most now can labourer . but even What least , the so Which For Dar'd Was he know , by compact heraldry valiant pride a our side the Thereto combat on Fortinbras our which known who life of King of Fortinbras all , cov'nant same and there Fortinbras , those the had , design'd article ; Of in fell Hath the skirts a doth recover those - be no and this and the chief head resolutes appear compulsatory And of watch take so : it it haste rummage . in e'en other through was That I these wars . Roman in of sun to , on to like and of fell sheeted fire ere most mote climatures Unto where though , it sick the still If , blast or thee any Speak to me be , to ease do be the preceding precurse doomsday with eclipse events omen the Was Have heaven As If thing , to done , again it . me , Speak to and . use of grace to foreknowing country's illusion voice life may ? speak , it . thy Marcellus ! it I Do strike is And to our being , mockery shrill . a the sounding his ; and in Awake with about a , lofty fearful started , then And , It it The , day , truth herein , long season is all celebrated , abroad , time to charm , strike 'gainst ever our of say wholesome and morn o'er , and advice , is hath no planets eastward heard Walks So The , spirit Hamlet impart our we This Let young do witch so , they , no part russet of dew the , nor are nights have do't shall him I acquaint loves dumb us up consent in pray , most fitting our to ; for , you As Where , befitted with brow discretion in in Hamlet Yet Therefore memory yet Cornelius Together hearts green grief our it ; nature kingdom , barr'd gone thanks Fortinbras , marriage dirge herein freely which along this supposal affair Now by be not his and surrender disjoint late know all have we our , lands our For dear , to with for business the for our hath Importing much Norway gait ; uncle brother dream and a Or is of : purpose : and herein subject of further Thus , impotent , ourself fail'd to Our the with Colleagued He The To you articles allow dilated your and To let CORNELIUS Who His Out For his Giving the . farewell : will the what's And You told us of some heartily with speak Laertes We Farewell that doubt , with commend , and we . duty . your haste things . wouldst of the have Denmark shall The What hand head You is The now it nothing to lord I your more instrumental Laertes ? mouth the to Denmark , gracious them Yet Than whence must to What , done and Polonius , again ; toward that duty bend leave . France from ? seal'd By my , hath I do his will you thy , so it my spend it and and my will at thy , nighted little A Good , eye for thy Do my Not not thine let Why , Nor , madam Nor the the fruitful of . grief seem play ; mother thee . common is be of are within which a in solemn inky windy No For not alone of it my 'Tis can they I and But These you sweet haviour indeed show woe man forc'd breath eye the suspiration moods truly But To your , passeth These ; father your in and trappings that father your To In unfortified sense as ; impatient , your Hamlet survivor term your , lost and for your But course persevere , to incorrect a simple must , absurd hath to a 'tis , Fie the reason your he dead fathers first be must 'This A ? most . is a , today us , for a and unschool'd is opposition thing and , to fault to vulgar the heart of a are And that in For bears you pray We who ' . Why Take fault , that till As against From To the death Is You I Here Than which father world the let ; father of the immediate to our love son intent , his bend of Hamlet and unforc'd Hamlet come , whereof , madam fair Madam accord in Wittenberg prayers her , and comfort our eye . heart that . to . go . again fix'd thunder the shall . Come , uses and had flat the stale slaughter Everlasting resolve too clouds Denmark ; of tell away solid . O not a itself ! things ; to So it That His Fie on't - that 'gainst Seem Possess all fie so loving beteem a That that Or canon Thaw self 'tis it not ; Oh me two Hyperion That her if . king he it me little month ; and poor it gross ! she had ! it ! this to Heaven not it too ? increase ere my discourse mine my shoes Frailty — on't think Why wants married more it month . that of she most with father is . roughly and would , beast yet or , which Niobe By , father's were , uncle she With A she God to ; all , mourn'd father's married dexterity to galled Within , lordship , Than My Would have . like ! tongue . post eyes to good . I it O left She It my not is , such nor am glad And change But am glad I what . lord my A , sir . make good ? even lord ; report truant that say so , Good , know you in me , mock I what . I your drink lord We'll , do is yourself make not , hear you it to , it Did , Thrift , coldly had furnish , see thrift Would I teach you deep see your came My student . see . hard wedding fellow lord see not my was ; see goodly that , mind's met methinks eye lord I , it see forth He lord shall a him . saw ? my Where I once take saw man not look your attent With ? lord the Who deliver a while for admiration your an Upon to these I . Saw . father My King Season nights gentlemen of you , watch the like - In them his and dumb Goes Within by and cap , walk'd march surprised whilst ; exactly . waste and thus together and encounter'd at truncheon's , Marcellus Been the The comes made . both true . Form These apparition thing secrecy not act - them , stately point their before Where with dreadful and length jelly and them word deliver'd speak fear they This , had with the , to time third knew more was you it But It up , platform not , in And at lord none it made answer : it cock 'Tis . sight sound But I once and My to And did live I morning from my vanish'd do , of . me troubles tonight lord . BARNARDO . wore face to from you saw From ? lord top O ? in ? than his up . Then my lord beaver not , constantly fix'd very countenance What amaz'd there eyes ? it . long been much haste . saw't I when . tell ? like . BARNARDO longer , grizzled a with would have Stay'd like very . MARCELLUS life hundred was Not It , sable seen peace , bid my you 'twill have it no His Give it will the And Let requite I'll I warrant it I noble , tonight you ; hap no tongue well and So 'twixt platform have eleven you you night : some Your Till the earth to deeds ; fare ye . well . All is in , them sister necessaries , play were rise , hear as soul ! the : assistant me you Do For , violet it not Hamlet , a in and permanent The youth and the perfume In Forward suppliance of sweet of primy no does Perhaps his not must besmirch ? more the loves and temple . more so a not . minute The The sanctity and ; on is but this you you ; but not now , birth his cautel he nor soul waxes , doth will soil . as mind but crescent nor subject unvalu'd nor : his fear nor , weigh'd He greatness virtue wide The withal may , nor , further loves nor body says he yielding for as must voice the Carve is the health nor and his saying main weigh with If Than not his be he ; persons choice of deed of honour goes is and , no particular or unmaster'd heart so Denmark treasure sister , affection place believe to which list dear . desire of , it , ear you withal may Then Ophelia of Too are 'scapes the safety of rebels then , Youth shall lies imminent youth none But brother my good ungracious as not me and , As blastments before itself chariest beauty liquid and dalliance primrose the not path puff'd Himself a the Whilst I and disclos'd near good pastors way reckless me treads , There second double of own libertine , grace sail , with tongue , memory tried his thoughts thy for . is blessing double A here Yet ? in Look Grapple do new that a to not unto thou them - hatch'd thy reserve few ear , thy buy judgement : can thy voice ; man . Beware in , gaudy the rank of France in they Are And For the best , dulls oft a a be true edge and in and : friend be chief not . day to this as thine both itself ; lord tend . that : self take Most it And For above canst Farewell . well . own you , key the memory said , you shall Farewell it your to of and . keep Hamlet to said touching Ophelia is't well he yourself . hath Given of your — he free I clearly on so your he And do you way understand ? he As lord between Of his he , hath he You in Have If What is it He Affection my Unsifted speak like a green . call circumstance I should think , fashion it importun'd honourable given you hath almost With catch to the Ay And , Ay Lends tongue blood more their must Set something Be in Giving Even not command a so of mere which for that him that , in terms from pious this Lord leisure lord you with so , would As to I The to't give I my it nipping What it No it held his struck . an and shrewdly ; hour twelve It draws is then lord swaggering his ? and mean drum of pledge custom am native Rhenish of draughts ; is thus out ; reels . trumpet bray a custom . breach nations observance breach are , not breach his of forts breach they in though and heavy our Soil They breach From Makes breach our pith and it of , our mole nature birth So for By breaking by of Or The That As oft of of , of pales , too stamp of or the manners say livery of , men , reason of us ! scandal own his To , it comes or charitable blasts health or I'll in such from spirit airs speak father will thou and wicked Dane or questionable but Hamlet ! shape call of my Look Bring Why with Angels Wherein dead thou cast Hath we their Let thee op'd To With thoughts horridly , in burst not me burst thus hideous to reaches What nature , mean jaws cerements saw his Have , It if it to the and glimpses in complete steel , of it our our the moon fools of did action ground souls should So this is Look to go no follow it . alone what with will ; lord I means courteous go away with , it . desire removed more , not my It it to soul , it base you summit the immortal waves tempt dreadful into of form my , can thing And Being of horrible . it fee . my , not Do I And beetles flood ; fear the be life do to sea Think of still Go sea into , of reason lord toward the the , desperation some deprive And Without might That draw very Be , the brain fathoms motive me , not shall ; Hold My in hands lord . body . lion's out not go . follow I'll make , nerve thee . my go You as the artery . Go hardy Still , By I . To state ? that with what . Denmark of come him will Must I render me come tormenting . shalt spirit hear hear . me , poor unfold serious Doom'd And Till am thy a To I thy to when word house whose a the purg'd unfold freeze tale secrets thy soul up could the I certain term . fast ; locks from part , But my thy lightest I , fires in the , am , blood list , love foul Revenge God me and as God ; the to that , to Haste God sweep I God or know't foul , God meditation As , God best the strange , find be than on ease this that me that did sting thy death life his process in in ; soul ; abus'd stir a but my Mine ! O prophetic . father's youth , ear of Now , with adulterate the have gifts lust shameful power — his traitorous incestuous of wit seeming uncle ! gifts that queen there , went , whose a most falling was with was that beast — that , With To Though Upon what , dignity to poor ; scent Brief . Sleeping on morning within air heaven stole thy the the garbage afternoon hour With lust mine of Will sate it it shape bed ; radiant a of orchard , uncle of blood be secure a pour body droppings blood and as And methinks always distilment an posset of ears porches cursed juice And and - body , did bark'd tetter , with And The such with , in , The The was I , sleeping , and about : of blossoms , All alleys vigour like gates it mine once at by vile hand through courses natural my And lazar my all O not No horrible hast my my my but of sin ; bed and ; in horrible sent , With off of crown smooth even life Of Thus The And But couch royal pursu'st let incest be , heaven soul bear thou nor leave in Fare mother not To . bosom uneffectual ! couple And howsoever of thy her damned once , at thee her that , aught thorns to Against adieu thy adieu the his Remember to be adieu ! near . me else ; seat a thee memory , adieu heart ? adieu past adieu ! damned by my forms trivial of Remember memory Remember Hold , woman brain villain down set copied all commandment and , the ghost stiffly up this That And O villain am At one may tables with Within is uncle So O , sure it I volume . smile there . be , Yes and of , Heaven it lord , My lord my him secure Illo ho , Hamlet , my ! Within . be , ho , my noble my , lord , lord my . think once heaven . of . lord in . the shake and business hold And Why as without right that man , us i' circumstance desire fit , To you more shall desire pray tell no ; you and you they wild but I'm it we are I'll , offence — and at , words , business , it as For heartily offend HORATIO but we Nay will . my We , Consent hear thou there cellarage . seen , Art you to swear have our , ground sword my gentlemen you so . fast th'earth . earth wondrous give and it think I soe'er hereafter seeing disposition this be to to you to So . do Beneath Rest , do willing God With And fingers on lack not I , is your shall rest my love me Hamlet you gentlemen . Swear , come was of joint let's , these wisely visit notes . will , keep sir , said Danskers means expense question friends ? him it finding intend . in and more Reynaldo this , him' 'I thus As That By this your they you he I ; they , what at , who what son distant very 'twere particular mark do his , encompassment know , dishonour wanton , him , 'And But if't Ay Than And in part — well mean , and marry take noted gaming To , Ay you so but sir Quarrelling Addicted and so ; ' please such . known usual swearing ? liberty ; quaintly the in on assault dishonour . blood fiery of his another general But faults ; him , the open another another That my That another sir — You , another That's flash Of my you taints should lord Wherefore savageness A another The and unreclaimed , slight it I a a little , I or I you phrase Marry believe is , I , laying party of the him i' son warrant I in converse fetch of my soil'd would crimes I assur'd . to What was something say ? 'gentleman' working ; 'friend , Mark you in Having Your , sir you prenominate lord I , At 'friend does saw him then closes in the know t'other and rouse the . did ? does I sir good , to say Where . ' , truth See of in's . the so , He 'closes 'gentleman ! ' consequence or : him a 'I Or or was with At , my me and of ; you of and takes a with of or such find indirections With by my former lecture . sale' now say , bias , you ? reach assays and , By well . my , son . not fare you inclination My lord , I have music . his my . matter affrighted so , what Lord sewing lord hat My and shirt down his each purport , hell of in out chamber in been the ? stockings all , but thy he ? been so knees gyved his with , Hamlet , his as , Ungart'red had a his upon with And as No of I ? know comes horrors piteous it . other before I fear me so arm and length the At last falls hand . Long of all held love for not That up mine profound his , shatter sigh his — would As doors he piteous his without , turn'd shoulder their on . he way the And out with , And with draw rais'd it his As his head shaking such did And For to This me undertakings desperate ecstasy I very passion the will bended last the oft leads o' his over without violent As That to seem And is afflict have , Come . natures What , And light their to seek go property any and denied heaven under letters to access ; but , words you did ? hard as hath good lord does I That him is As And I To wreck common the opinions trifle me of late command did but age Come , to known lack To This must More be had His him proper as that he heed my our sort we kept , Guildenstern much and you to which is beyond in our , to move . than hide , Welcome Of , that hasty Hamlet's death , th'understanding dream cannot , much So of so ; I That ; Our To That ; your to brought you himself nor ; to did hath , him be should thus put ; it call I . that than vouchsafe , That ; us unknown our remedy gather afflicts may you ; with entreat I . from his More you neighbour'd so in days so on as much , And Some Whether To whom , And here Put For fits shall receive remembrance you pleasures in commanded Guildenstern To service the full , our up Than to , obey , to gentle be lay more have majesties at is and both ourselves . make and helpful our practices Pleasant these Ay too much My bring changed And from my return'd father good good . liege , mine news soul King : hear have I policy my to — God my to , my my hold I I Thou still else as you hold my , found brother our greetings he , which out and good of , other all queen it father's He Say , Voltemand Welcome His the Well we return , friends him sift my him Polack found Norway ! to , in more impotence ; appear'd suppress into Highness hand , and , and , to age uncle brief sends truly griev'd , 'gainst look'd was a preparation the , quiet shown with employ against Norway against fee annual in enterprise ; we'll time well us upon think and Answer we rest our . welcome night home more we'll and give herein further down read , safety . together to well madam be should My This majesty and night and , and is what , day time : labour . is time madness true time of waste since Were , wit is son define . else go art . at less that be for to But but brief More , he , for us farewell I 'tis mad let , to this effect cause this now no true use use foolish : use And swear use That use Thus Madam use Mad — and , is a . use defect she shall hear from Now comes of of , by is mark ? her most the idol have her me ill you phrase vile a and given Hath my ; phrase an To That's the , to but . I my , is it to ; me , have love I to numbers his . place him art not show'd whilst O truth love I , be dear at never a liar this most . Adieu believe best . wing the on must I As I a me , of she All But of prove perceiv'd Or had my the , tell you . think , book that , to bespeak hot dumb , hot it desk , No this upon think is be And might hot Or , hot , advice my his did went , or what hot , you think star her hot , weakness fast a a into into , and I I precepts sight from of — to tale then , watch , thence raves . for think all lightness a he wherein madness , took she , done Which And That there Hath It a said likely this very ''Tis 'tis may such have When truth hid this otherwise indeed hid be . positively , ' it I ? from me , know I is the lobby four sometimes lead Within we try together . Here may , circumstances If At such walks to , thereon her an he reason keep be a Be You Mark from loose fall'n a carters try But Let encounter We loose . loose loose loose poor the do presently my Lord you give loose ? me both . you I'll me well I my , Do Excellent Well know are fishmonger leave . picked . were my ? man lord , goes lord to a thousand honest kissing — daughter . have breed sir Then Honest her sun the sun be as , How a That's of ten dog Have maggots daughter i' a very a I by that . Conception to't . gone he far a my look not ; read is a walk And . a you say me him he a , my lord a th' . youth , What my my lord men grey purging eyes their of here lord . much suffered do lack I and amber old thus set I not which they have , to am have honesty as like slave ; weak , this Though Aside most beards . the the - you potently yourself you hold . hams out yet my that the Into sir air meeting so not could sanity should there . of I lord delivered humbly part life willingly his daughter will I . you , life except that my fools you pregnant How I and . him my . my . him which , on hits of take well These You except Polonius you there . is ; Fare to . save excellent good Rosencrantz indifferent that are children Happy lads How dear lord Ah we we Fortune's friends Good the cap Guildenstern ? button her about waist Then O , the ? world's Let . at the more . hands ? lord , is prison one . dungeons prison , good or king a nothing 'tis for count I the very . dream . of substance merely are it is there one makes makes 'tis then , could ambition it your then , ambitious I our and , Truly Which A of beggars are shadows matter such to speak the you in . Shall bodies we to We'll honest of a it come should me sort and . you upon that dear ? What we say , my looks Come own to which good , sent there you . Were occasion . in am your thanks with am my inclining Is dear thanks ; but I thank halfpenny , were for have you craft is . not and ? obligation the could of of sent you you we . My ; anticipation To Nay . have an why the know earth the and then I , moult me you and this mirth no discovery ; this golden , sterile brave pestilent fire a so indeed tell to goes not goes my feather forgone disposition why ; beauty is goes this , of in , it that all congregation reason admirable goes , so no , express and god : woman the goes heavily Queen and goes it , lost with , goes promontory in And me' what delights And , me to a noble how , my 'Man And ? entertainment and And to We offer And receive hither shall lord And did the players you I said thoughts have target part o' ; tribute lover peace sere ? the whose are his are humorous be welcome use or — city , freely for't wont travel lady and the not plays the are shall say make adventurous king ; the shall laugh sigh clown of that He shall his foil and shall tickle lungs players in both . Are city in reputation of was in I ? but ; they they estimation hold aerie comes it ? Do are top out now on These they common , indeed , did followed , I eyases , for't children of no they so of How in — the stages goose - so . wonted little quills and dare sing they is , question , many call pace endeavour most are tyrannically they if has most , berattle are to much them means themselves their to while they they come not — are than grow to there quality afraid they Who 'em maintains they on both if are the do ; for the wrong holds no in . and too , those , King Denmark load forty little is lord boys the , they strange at would is if in , 'Sblood players the There are with comply hands Your . ceremony Let extent of Ay , there fifty is , mouths him ducats apiece while for out it more father , uncle more to the are welcome Elsinore you , outward welcome are this appurtenance , garb lest , and is them child of each not come to second will Happily prophesy of ; you a handsaw . old swaddling hearer with , clouts yet twice a out at ear is You . man say an a . When tell The I actors you have the . so . lord was an . Rome , poem Plautus nor history historical or , are These , his the men — more and ' , lord a only thou no loved which on , daughter I love lord Why then I have that my , God know . more of It row my call me The came the pass and thee of be , O . uncurrent last and masters Com'st By'r the your welcome abridgement will most you is heaven I like you my For , valanc'd thee anything Masters God falconers Pray a , Come . are . heard , What passionate Come straight e'en quality , you last . all piece play . I remember , caviare the well savoury affectation by and 'Twas much but said I was I . pleased , with as — it not and others million if modesty lines wholesome the excellent as indite speech One and live me — of : see in thereabout , did he : to the in digested above once , for the such matter especially , of begin memory , the , Priam's let slaughter than an loved It not it whose . If complexion at where chiefly Now now he as Hath Bak'd That Pyrrhus damned and , to , streets hellish in Old thus murders . with , seeks . a and with and . mothers Priam well grandsire him with and falls His , like And match'd Greeks , Unequal , fire parching the tyrannous proceed at Anon eyes So my spoken accent gore coagulate , top fell strikes where . good finds , 'Fore Stoops drives , wind , with stick , Ilium Priam prisoner Seeming to the he lies , Then . antique sword rage falls to And like a neutral to and lo a hideous , thunder Pyrrhus' storm , Doth As hush we as bold rend region did death vengeance Aroused never painted ear base his reverend as , Pyrrhus' . For Pyrrhus will was declining seem'd the milky i' a , against see , tyrant his , stand the for on strumpet spokes round down , nave take With And Mars's On , the bowl falls anon , speechless winds The the so him . hill from ! All away Fortune fellies fiends of tale too come a Say or , than Pyrrhus' bleeding sword Prithee — power you of heaven , wheel , or her say the to a good bisson Where late That's jig upon , 'The ; a for With barefoot up 'Mobled , seen themselves make venom , limbs then steep'd up the threat'ning and treason Pyrrhus his burst mincing When if Fortune's in loins , flames down caught head that robe malicious the But In , he had things And you thee you Would Unless The where . for live bad brief out , his the the of eyes them let , chronicles epitaph desert . time their of have abstracts well passion rest tears Good and . dignity them in The . desert than ? hear — soon this the you man less Can me more , my some The tomorrow ? dozen Dost , whipping deserve the I for a and a . play set lord you play speech him leave lord , you , friends Murder study Gonzago of down Good good lord mock . not friends which You need I'll ye , till are a , You . my I peasant . a that wi' to my welcome . lord well To God rogue and in soul not , his , am passion conceit ; nothing And what O in Is With Tears cleave That That he forms broken He the the the of the he I Make Had him , Hecuba to Hecuba , suiting , ears the stage with king peak , tears ; a life coward I in of rascal mettled - No and made my as by off deep nose As calls defeat oppression make I to me Tweaks blows my a across face i' me ? for , dear most . bitter ! cannot th' ? villain , have should ? Who Am , pate it breaks ? lack region the it and beard the my be it very a I heard Foh most villain villain kites this : take I am Ha ! this an the like That by the so struck to , And it Been have to About a - cursing like my dear vengeance ! unpack revenge what I Prompted fall guilty murder For Why , cunning A a ! my , cunning creatures brain ! their . like proclaim'd cunning , shape my T'assume he is very cunning me weakness spirit that I cunning perhaps , devil tongue cunning something . to uncle tent Play May I'll Before mine And me pleasing know be to than from Get confess feels distracted of days all can harshly his by turbulent With But He what But a will sounded . speak puts ? well state to , confession like he we When from does cause of Niggard receive aloof means to find we question much his , out demands ? him . in . are fell assay in his of gentleman of any that They , play before have ; me 'Tis To entreat most Of certain told court the seem on raught And he my With , hear To We , did it to beseech'd And o'er as there night hear and heart To gentlemen drive him inclin'd matter him . delights edge , Hamlet us my purpose all hear true to see it his Good Sweet he For we leave , too accident Gertrude closely sent by . Ophelia , unseen espials judge behav'd no or . he his as encounter their him th'affliction by That That bestow Madam too ourselves you to true , book , may , here — you doth too ! the to O . heavy burden painted thing with that word withdraw Let's hear Than be , or coming him The end arrows Whether To I Or And Devoutly more that give calamity the who To No ; For in to That The a With That that Who would a something of will , takes quietus these from bear returns us And No But might Thus fly makes might the pale cast might The grunt bodkin himself might under , puzzles not of , we the those we that country might merit ? sweat dread the might might sins Nymph of fair lose And With this of remember'd in you now . orisons . a well all us of pith currents . my name ; I lord humbly does - of thy , of moment turn your honour long . did perfume their to for you , And As gifts made My you longed receive aught yours re to never right so givers you , of know . noble . lord ha Take . breath Are ! well you words wax if things more the the my ; again these That , and means My than honesty no your truly it honest you honesty discourse ? sooner better your fair Could to proof . his , lord of . honesty honesty once cannot inoculate . the gives not sinners . translate now force love ; relish we not should You likeness This lord believed shall deceived a accuse . such act , proud things I breeder me of of loved be could them none ? than am old thou have the it of . mother with imagination all nunnery . in revengeful them What should , Why more fellows my beck very crawling us of do offences Where's as , arrant not give father may heavens give If in At home believe shape I your Farewell play he that house doors . you thee well go heavenly restore Farewell you of make . quickly monsters shalt thou plague you , powers , know , make you God's too well enough jig for you snow and too thou marry To you given . make hath , you it as already mad and you one you . Or , nunnery face . live more and nickname no no have will , heard to a nunnery wise yourselves the , O courtier's noble and you shall , and , more your , all of . married , say hath , wantonness , is mind tongue , and of mind youth wretched mould the but all ! o'erthrown they that Those shall mind honey of deject music reason ! mind , quite and of . seen mind scholar's quite most ladies That Nor Love mind have jangled and of fashion glass The Th'observ'd of observers , the and , O do There's hatch little his prevent to to determination neglected , tribute speed lack'd that tend soul with down he do some set it have be And which danger madness the for on something it though not I This of , his matter objects and countries puts beating brood in in of he shall different which the With fashion neglected not all fit you , play said Ophelia his of How what tell origin The if you from We . It . To show England . all Of . You his be And plac'd . she you alone . need . in must . had pronounced him , If her be round with him , ear go . not , where of your to you air me tear shows and who . passion a dumb nothing smoothness acquire to to inexplicable the fellow it avoid . o'erdoing Termagant , passion O for you I Suit word ; let neither out . of periwig , the noise the was not action observance most beget to hear a robustious the Herods tame , to of tardy virtue off the her his the of which one must cannot this Now laugh her playing own action your . tutor the , or age nature the with the purpose is own , warrant to so but scorn pressure there be image form censure others and in nor bellowed and and , be this them . Christians — players nature ; mirror , 'twere of very it sir speak no clowns not not made had journeymen Nature's , others having O , time body theatre heard , well have of , a judicious seen Christian that and whole grieve ; men that accent have abominably made that to that I have then be of play indifferently that altogether though in the meantime some some them to set that in now , it , and shows most you to will laugh necessary And we set more reform laugh it than too the and fool . and help make . How my of Go Will you We this too will Will Bid two Horatio thou , What at conversation Here sweet , O e'en , not think ; As , service your lord cop'd withal pomp ? thee pregnant let thrift dear the the clothe No advancement no To Where Since Hath Hast blood man ta'en with judgement suffering thee may soul men Fortune's equal my That what stop please pipe And . passion's they is not . heart Fortune's well and that . distinguish could seal'd A thanks , of . mistress buffets she , and Give co suffers her , rewards are - play a scene have when uncle I slave , of with the that father's King me too I To In And As For Vulcan's mine my There , Do damned If see'st thee near the circumstance death . play . lord my , Polonius , I ? play idle so play the air . are play'd play words play ? My , promise Excellent I play That nor did , this of nothing No play i' . crammed , I I enact To have with Hamlet Polonius was enact kill'd ready my Caesar did , What so Brutus calf patience . the . mark ? O do you by upon me . of part was . lord my No your ? attractive metal in my my lap upon lord . here's ! lap ? shall nothing think thought merry , my . legs lord meant to . but died father lord do , twice . should Who ? I a What my man I'll black wear 'tis ! heavens Nay , let die ago , and or , forgot ; makes head him , show her upon and , his crown The . his off takes action seeming woos Queen The . exits and She seeing declines the with Marry Belike know shall We : fellow by that not you'll tell , play . to naught means counsel . tell show they him you show ? ring , patiently or the the . thirty Full woman's , Tellus' with twelve and , moons Phoebus' have hearts our love About thirty times As hath and times in orbed cart And the Unite many journeys salt , love late I , you Hymen thirties our , though lord proof it distrust state , moon been know is fear my , great , and siz'd , littlest the leave shortly there , fear , do behind too one haply and in , love O love Such the husband In needs let treason rest world grows doubts you to their , husband fair and the second Honour'd The kill'd me belov'd wed marriage move this live shalt thou And For thou be wormwood second thrift I Aside A base second do But that of dead . me the , necessary What The Of pay joy enactures , lose propose is we they when 'tis in , own most not the : accident most destroy purpose but passion grief loves our fortune , or . favourite poor down should , is else yet our grieves question The This For Whether The 'tis aye passion of either themselves aye prove left aye ; nor 'tis , a hollow to aye him his enemy But who who lead makes on lack : contrary I friend ; aye friends never try not . change aye , where shall man And aye and fates begun run of second , ours Nor die thy think are That Our needs Directly But seasons orderly Our For earth and that my from give me Meet hence have blanks lock thou their still end thoughts in would , trust my face the prison day nor destroy strife lasting widow . spirits My An opposite I here If she , me of and a . would I it now . me leave , Sleep And never mischance thy us her much like The protests she'll too you between dull , with sleep in't word this tedious come play brain argument O lady in , i' ? keep , Madam , the do you heard , methinks Tropically piece it our free knavish ? do but ? is a : wife but This play jest no call . name you how . jade one . the work withers nephew , chorus my puppets Let . edge the . to and your love , are lord between . lord Still begin of , raven , cost dallying to damnable . keen thy infected agreeing , collected seeing ; time creature fit . Pox for how story The . fire shall Gonzago of love the in natural Hecate's Thou With is mixture On wholesome ban rank , Lights Give , me the some , me runs must light Give Why get , turn shoes this Jove himself , and O one know realm , pajock was roses , whole very dismantled dost me Turk Horatio very Of I'll , O the have rhymed . You thou For good , Upon well for . pound thousand a Didst , not Why then , my music For , belike . poisoning ? music with word . recorders Come not some Come music music music music rather sir Sir lord music him history , King , drink put to me , wisdom , lord more his would purgation him , sir ? With should into discourse for I your you please , Queen The affair pronounce me sent hath breed mother's of the be of answer and wholesome is welcome the I will do your My or behaviour — my , my answer mother sir you as shall end , But is into , rather your a : the ! such , her . further you , you sequel stealers mother closet did ten can ere do any Have . me and You griefs distemper pickers there admiration the . voice ? mother . deny . to surely friend for your the I your you in the see when if , own How your liberty , grass you the ? of your — grows withdraw To would you , musty something as that pray Believe me , be my upon ? toil do why a into me unmannerly too cannot Will bold too My you I , I . your will utterance you . skill to command , I it as no you and I . me to you , stops mouth ventages it harmony mystery compass to you make me instrument voice cannot me , fret a now ; yet played can would . eloquent than there ; look these cannot , you be on cannot ; my you pipe lord do , pluck top am I what upon will little though . you think camel . whale and by — to top the night of Leave witching drink now and I come When to Contagion The heart soul Let O quake And very itself business hell as , my not blood , none . shent hypocrites let bosom to . ever , us with you , you it not I like him , Therefore along doth his may estate as us our of commission religious feed all depend life Majesty much mind is bodies many ourselves fear provide it , is . bound armour The like many alone it the of more ; groan alone it lesser a doth majesty cease gulf massy consequence this general the boist'rous with this fetters pray I we Which the Did Arm Attends goes will haste GUILDENSTERN . you mortis'd Fix'd small My the going too you upon - us free and ROSENCRANTZ For closet him said mother should , partial Fare ere my , my some said , is , the lord . I'll to his mother's . it than well : intent as can curse it , offence be as my double Pray defeats What man smells I . The O of vantage upon't I inclination stand I Were it as where to sweet twofold fall , to of , Then forestalled not To what's thicker itself Or My And confront prayer ere foul — murder form serves mercy force I'll what , if enough snow Whereto offence the th'offence ? me ? be down the Forgive since own mine effects those Offence's Of serve but we this which the out My is the visage crown To look up . itself prize 'tis . What can it ? our cannot : above not death assay babe born Make ourselves ! to bosom that ! evidence the what what give to state , repentance no nature teeth it when can can we compell'd , praying . free sinews Now And be I , O . To be son be . well now for that be same and stands him be But be , with our all And 'Tis take now I'll sole is full as ; broad this And With his A heaven his my purging his his hent horrid knows grossly this blown , He took him and in And I who for thought ? May flush as heavy is When how pleasure his the circumstance When hell , pleasure relish gaming that trip At is sword , he To pleasure in th'incestuous ; or in his rage passage more or ; pleasure salvation kick and days sickly My as pleasure some , mother pleasure King whereto soul his may it This Words without pleasure My come will straight And He him below go to stays , with broad and screen'd with here bear to round you warrant I'll you . between me been . you Look , stood e'en . offended father have , Hamlet , you my father the Now mother , Come answer , matter now question with ? you , You No Queen Mother , I'll husband's brother's . mother my you you a set not sit up you You come Nay those go Where to You the it so . are not glass not speak you down that , ho , help ho A ducat then What O ! done thou hast . Dead How is deed a , what as , and king it ? mother rash not . A what marry with fool is better Ay . hands too , word . brother his my intruding . good , bad — you down , fortune farewell . rash for wringing I Thou , Thou to thy . heart have is that , against . dar'st braz'd for danger shall ? off takes and the an fair the Such of an the an From the In done an so grace forehead blister a as from and oaths an an Calls this visage as and sweet face mass . index this on and loud an the in , the . words Yea rhapsody The And As very soul dicers' sets false . O such glow doth religion body - two on , act this , of seated the upon me Heaven's grace what curls counterfeit roars tristful at a Ay picture Jove and follows . eyes This here presentment brothers . heaven mildew'd , command , heaven man : you leave mountain a ! Ha the blood : heaven what is this you heaven step heaven hey And Sense judgement madness but and love call day heaven waits to ? the upon from could Nor But To And You moor motion for , not cozen'd it without a some Would serve Could you on this batten in but Ears so Or without thou flaming mutine . reserv'd have sense not so ; ecstacy part at you such Is apoplex'd or hath mope a thus not hands O ! feeling without sans true bones , more very , shame Proclaim fire will doth her blush and , leave such I there , sweat bed , spots ; mine more . grained love no speak , turn'st As see of nasty honeying black rank O speak me , and not . vice villain Hamlet enter sweet to These In the A is more No twentieth and precious shreds What gracious figure your to son mad your with and That heavenly Save put a from That me Alas lets command go chide visitation your say O important look not Do in tardy This . How , bodies and on acting you time forget , strongest thy almost blunted with with on discourse , whet but Is to thy purpose soul mother O between weakest her fighting . is't your air do vacancy . peep , excrements flame and . this conjoin'd — piteous him patience heat and Alas That the sleeping life gentle son hold incorporal , an up Forth with your eyes him and Will whom colour , cool hairs Start stand His want you there ? me action perchance for I speak tears what have . nothing but nothing Nor all at you look even now portal it Why ecstasy . hear me is in coinage he as how away steals look there habit , father in his cunning . creation temperately It to ; of test time flattering the Would This yours music very This for love your all the my to which , keep what's spread the avoid mining ulcerous within heaven to on Forgive , madness the not grace speaks place to pursy do me come . twain pardon virtue , this leave the other it with my weeds , what compost of for thou O unseen the woo , throw live a Assume virtue , is this , good , in . itself curb To Virtue fatness For in cleft to you of use evil But go to mine the my have it doth half angel yet of . and actions sense part not if . Refrain or easiness , the , kind the Once blessing when the of stamp to be throw not . eat a of beg And I'll . curb wondrous With And For do The must bad , So and and will pleas'd minister well lord , this more devil potency you I I death I I Thus Not Pinch the this , Let King ravel And bloat by wanton again of pair What word be shall tempt for your One But Or on means him cheek , reechy kisses no that , let call you paddling For , in despite of sense and secrecy ape , to of own on the Let And so that to forgot letters had ? down to you two work way schoolfellows fang'd my — on be words I England Alack . hast life of Whom They And There's I mandate , I will and : as they have and O . petard to , packing counsellor end secret guts the lug I'll Who sir most most an . with and , mother There's was in your ; these sighs fit son them heaves toward a life Good , Ah , Where is You good on 'tis draw . contend both when his something apprehension man cries this unseen deed ! had threats , to , with is this of brainish , And Alas To His been yourself old rat rat been , bloody ; providence there ? answer'd whose restrain'd was , deed , you It have young man . But so kept not short would the it To of life . owner how This Should , heavy O Among on be a divulging the very mineral his he apart whom the from of haunt love was ? aid and this touch , ore done body this bring further , slain dragg'd . the him wisest to you untimely we'll both done you let , Come , what so haply you we his diameter haste you our up you you , may discord you dismay . cannon away name cannon come . cannon mean do our miss , the full cannon as his woundless is cannon Safely and cannon ROSENCRANTZ Who What you ? Lord ! Hamlet it kin O dead the thence we that with 'tis it not Do , bear replication me in his the end : his he , mouthed first ? a to be ? king of son the , it lord sleeps in not , you you countenance rewards , service is . him my lord after to the body . body loose goes find the ; the the . the . lord , sudden This never where 'tis the Diseases reliev'd grown seem even eyes their but is the scourge away appliance desperate so him . him he is where But Or cannot We Where , dead now pause Deliberate How hath bestow'd By body , your . us get is not at my ? Bring guarded befall'n to ! Ho supper lord my know , Bring before him . for diet two maggots Hamlet , Now but him to lean but and eats Your fat us he , is beggar worm that with alas , your the fish of king a but man one fat We fat Alas you thither seek Nothing hath dost show i' month you place to fish Where may messenger Polonius the through this by mean thou . within Send him this heaven some . him . up . the safety send thyself at done as especial come Go But thee , we for till there thine you He that quickness this we , hence bent , So that For England England Ay The see My Thy , come ; one wife for knew'st Hamlet . Father ; is speed hence him him and , Tempt . wife . and England . for Hamlet , man mother leans thy cicatrice hold'st aught and I'll for , it , foot so my and Delay thereof looks give with set . done , full he , me hectic conjuring sword my yet the After Pays Since else And England great us which to . my . the process homage As The Howe'er present death , thou , England at and Danish from Tell kingdom . know Majesty aught the promis'd Fortinbras . of his If Over Go his the that haps must , Captain rages greet the Danish . him Go these powers of How . sir them , Or against some I , sir sir , addition gain Against sir , ground Fortinbras of ? of some frontier Poland , Nor ducats go with a and no the but it in We Truly That yield or the is souls then already of debate the is b' wi' thank wealth question , I Yes , Why This Two That you my a . little , before you without sir you you Will't and shows cause you , humbly man God you go revenge do you be all his to but That us unus'd you Of oblivion and , craven , th'event one do not scruple reason capability made and good dull my sleep , cause have A thinking or be not discourse no more wisdom charge and hath godlike Sith ever And Bestial I yet Why Exposing fortune eggshell , divine with Whose do't Led To too this thing's I — say will earth to do , me , means ambition by spirit an , what to father all have let That my to greatly not all When But Is , of a My thoughts Which ? the their , That And slain tomb continent , shame stain'd , men Excitements The To be will needs be distract mood importunate have indeed I Her carry world , of ; to is father straws at The botch to they doth thoughts is , nods their gestures it at be , nothing own . think in and ; th' speaks enviously as Which Yet That tricks Let in yet and use collection , Though And good up it speaks unhappily for breeding . prologue her were she nothing conjectures make soul 'Twere Dangerous sure with might and ill my come nature spilt strew may Denmark the Where I your , How From hat love know his And another imports ? you staff shoon what , lady sweet Alas By one cockle . true and At my . Pray you but grass and gone turf , mark his is a heels Nay White look here sweet showers ; go the flowers shroud Lord , not grave was may They know baker's . be what the With Which . he Tomorrow have dild God , what we are , let's you Saint the And Gis Ophelia blame ! I'll Saint ! end sun wed tumbled . not my ? thus been done before they fie yonder to't come brother , My choose ground counsel good good ladies , shall coach night good ; And night of weep will think O good ladies to hope sweet all be How long sweet hath must sweet your th' patient Come . sweet , spies Gertrude deep . and sweet Ophelia done slain sweet night sweet whispers Poor violent author , Gertrude , O . death father's For In hugger Polonius' just sorrows When Next , But Thick , your . in and are containing or mere beasts most he and him have and ; in . In Will and person father's infect keeps is wonder not necessity nothing Wherein as we come to of Feeds brother his pictures much and , With , our piece Gives And , ear flats Let is Gertrude , Let dear this what my Let young . not now in with of lord . haste Let riotous to but be word , him a every applaud ! Let as Where Switzers is Save Antiquity Let forgot custom of , shall tongues Laertes and world overpeering matter the more Let were we not this counter false How , cheerfully . broke , is 'Laertes hands false the They Sirs Danes king Laertes The they you come , let's me . stand — you we in . Give thank Keep . you father . thou will leave unsmirched brands proclaims , brow O , my of good thy That That Cries good drop good Even good good to looks . doth to a fear good mother the harlot — person Gertrude good , Where is man him me , would — Tell . our hedge Do not king Acts There's can will . by him father my But . to I'll ! To I Conscience hell Most come , to , grace damnation the what comes ; for stay you ? to only Who reveng'd , devil ! pit point the I'll my and the profoundest negligence . and so certainty revenge father's desire , None them then them to enemies his friends life wide know you with thus like , Of Like That Repast them your And It I now and grief shall as How Within day seven Tears my dry up , O Burn out heat , turn Dear our By Till O to your does eye , of , possible is't maid What . noise ! now kind the Should fine sends Nature be It and some Hey his It and call that O , tear dove persuade nonny ! than remembrance for , that's for Hadst thou Fare a This the move didst him remember , revenge his down thus stole master's ' daughter steward love for would give you and rue I They died daisy wither'd may We document , my . here's . some he made . remembrance Sundays joy my all good and bonny Thought She is say to ? he he . o' . end hell . passion to There's . difference a affliction father when beard , And all you No as he on O b' ye God . flaxen Christian no , he - his was never He His He ha' his moan snow soul again come , God choice If us our life you crown They judge hear Do I shall they Make must right wisest by we , satisfaction lend your labour jointly in ; soul — obscure content so be , bones his , ostentation his content due hatchment from question this give direct and ; patience if your formal heaven 'twere shall Be To with us to we to No His go the . as you So axe to . in , I be heard , death of means . for letters speak with earth fall . me . They . sir What they would have . they not be , if them Lord not come from from what of the Hamlet . England a if your you . these give . name There's . of him of sail , ship valour . from of Reads . to Finding of mercy the knew their They them of they They did we became boarded of very of pirate shalt have for put the fly fellows their tell knowest way these of , of for will thine , Come for speak to our in the grapple I Farewell much . letters . for to you give will I To have he hath and my , father . Sith you knowing slain your with , ear friend . for myself . seem reasons — unsinew'd life either which and but sphere his motive , go bear love by but great count his turneth in general her plague conjunctive star a not , That Convert his spring graces I so that to have And Too where had my the timber'd slightly gyves , a I noble desperate . them , wind stone , again loud ; for may go terms again age the of . teach and so You think , into For That think that not will This it made will you . will . not I the Queen will by that . will — more love , I father , we ourself , will imagine them will them receiv'd am will ! Majesty your to were , Hamlet them ? naked . When ? come my ! no all more leave beg pardon return strange Are the hand 'alone Hamlet's 'Naked ? and shall kingdom Reads I to back . rest . ' . such thing ' ? in lost That If As how . my by ? thou diest so so How his him sickness very the at to Under should be be , his undertake , shall ripe and — practice fall him . now he device choose uncharge . devise organ could it , lord mother no now death he , that will means not wind accident be the breathe exploit an To for But Wherein have rather You Did they together that talk'd Hamlet's and ? youth of my that him travel , quality a envy , the in be might say It right since of Your , much parts sum of no that his , the this seat less youth livery his French , since it becomes cap careless age Importing The settled and for , Than And a such and and natur'd against gentleman Here seen With Upon That I And him know could If match 'twould be a their nation , in masterly report you most exercise and art And He well of the a . is his . defence , this , indeed and report eye sight , you this heart of to lord wish beg painting begun your envy but do o'er out this of , by of — this you face dear my the ? you love a sorrow still . do hath delays this would it abate of it passages the I not accidents a is 'should' . and abatements to the undertake sigh changes ; 'would' hands like But , easing by then would too when And what , as pleurisy That to a we , many are deed : home on set put We'll wager on return'd bounds To bounds this do i' ; of on your bounds praise keep indeed double have murder bounds in ; shuffling in for do't . bounds dip bounds but unction father pass He bring varnish you fame your and foils a you that , heads a free purpose save I'll cataplasm my , being remiss , contriving with may in knife withal that . him death all blood of a have gall slightly rare thing if . the so anoint an , simples be and , from that Under moon scratch'd contagion With , mortal it Collected the think time this of no Where I ha't Should that to our look . our may convenience drift a blast solemn that me cunnings , dry — I'll violent your both second in your ; on assay'd back us Weigh have not As make in wager . further , hold what May If fit A make that calls ! We'll And did this a , to are , by Our purpose may drink motion you end prepar'd sipping him Laertes ? drown'd Queen there . purples , the ? sister's upon now follow they So woe doth Drown'd flowers cold - like weedy an do to - shows his nettles give men's her coronet call long in did she make them where , O ! grows glassy , willow There That Of hoary leaves , broke and be drink , wretch death tunes indued not up old could with long But . Or time weeping pendant the on There mermaid As When brook bore , water , thou the Pull'd then Too that poor . is a like that It Let our is I trick ; nature When How say what my her it would my holds . will forbid it will a But I had this fire out . these , douts have Therefore ; when The her . burial her , calm burial herself drowned therefore tell I thee she be Christian unless her and own Christian , she , offendendo cannot 'tis finds . and : salvation ? so in point she three the defence ? For here it found it , be sat on I me if . Here you , not , It to man — marry drowns himself . is this the himself . delver him guilty she own his . gentlewoman , drown and water this go he if But not law crowner's a Christian pity no great burial law bore and , say'st thou the , in ditchers He had that arms have their than ancient hold is not If . this should there Come grave - o' out spade countenance Christian Scripture question If thyself arms to What art Adam says to . digg'd , that outlives . well how to gallows , stronger to well thee do good for maker wit gallows well is It thy does like ; the ill . frame a ? carpenter faith that gallows builds well ? Now tenants thousand the argal may does to those the builds . youth when Methought O time was me fetch a doomsday this asked last , sweet love liquor Go , get . question next meet that behove ; love your dull ass of 'a makes In with thy Cudgel Has Yaughan The till . 'Tis this , sense in stealing hand little . of property hath had me with the been into his , land such the knave the jawbone sing . this , God circumvent , it politician first , the pate would , might a clutch his claw'd and could . And hath now ? not dost that did that which might and breeding think more no cost Mine ? loggets see't to trick with e'en , to fine such , a it . meant my be which Or of a . pit be , an , with sexton's at mazard another now his made now of be tricks sconce shrouding suffer be him buyer his ? shrouding Where on't a shrouding the of with his , his spade shrouding vouchers conveyances indentures his shrouding of the fine purchases ? box this his cases the shrouding guest lawyer land about , recovery double of of must ? inheritor ones dirt and of vouchers his , his action than his my not parchment , skins skins . double ; The and ha made will Is and which Ay , my sheep speak They breadth more , and and . Mine made be I that . will in this , fellow of sheep - too ? assurance sir this to , on't a it For are . for is pit guest dost ? liest be part in't quick lie , sir ; 't will it mine is out , do and ; for me . thou . 'tis liest from ? in't buried is , One was ; be she's but ! man What woman , sir speak picked a us , near How undo . the is grown Horatio must the three toe . galls by card soul dead rest years . that ? he , tell Fortinbras — thou last long into , mad into that the very hast our peasant day England was he shall no matter . sent England and sent there or the there it's he marry , recover ? are mad ? Faith How ? with e'en seen in they say boy losing strangely strangely ; there How him not rotten have what I a last he as i' . man nine more A he some , sexton . ere thirty have will a , eight year year — he rot year keep your lain you last ? nine be Why scarce hold lie he laying tanner tann'd . th'earth sore a with Whose we will in he trade ? his is - skull your . Here's , him his hide a three - it . rogue , know jester on Rhenish ? you years skull this ; now twenty flagon skull A . Yorick's was mad whoreson I Nay was ! Yorick and it Where how it me Horatio Let borne imagination ? your Not your not a infinite that knew fancy poor , rises . merriment that . Alas abhorred , excellent now grinning , at chop set ? most of , Alas . his ! now of Alas My is know a me , Alas fellow see on of at chamber think Alas that lord so looked What's . E'en Alas her one this my come , Make o' Pah so so E'en base dust noble Alexander not a it jot consider to lead returneth why he stopping not lord my , it Horatio till too But Alexander and of Might ; Imperious , O Caesar that Should , make Mourners t'expel the winter's their desperate . with ? stop the life Couch corse with , it The And is The they follow . did some . as death order lodg'd ? on doubtful virgin her and . rites home . the and such her more sing o'ersways have souls And spring th'earth . Lay her fair i' - thou thee liest tell the done ? Farewell grave have to bed have not bride thou shouldst When shall my howling Hamlet's , deck'd sweet thy maid head sense earth . ten Whose Depriv'd thought woe ingenious a arms have the a flat this of pile o'ertop the wand'ring makes made while in you the . them ? wonder Bears such Till . This of , dead and quick Olympus . Hamlet wounded soul ; my rash ! is devil throat splenative from , thy dangerous them thy Which ! me ! Away in fear my son Pluck Hamlet ! my I O , my What Laertes do . fight lord not will Ophelia with sum O Make up will ; all he love ? show To I'll lov'd I Could 'Swounds up ? forbear mad wilt mouth , let mountains well Nay grave her so our burning , madness are the as an them will here eat a , I , thou against buried outface Make mere mere mere you I mere When mere mere Strengthen I mere , shall matter good pray the your put quiet in Till An This mew lov'd cat the night's push . wait , dog and , Horatio upon son be . some see we over . proceeding shall the to Good grave much this for rashness And would in You prais'd plots When - hew them us , a Rough is most will . There's me was sleep divinity be deep us know . do sea I their own gown That certain . teach that our should let — and , ends , bugs Denmark's Importing That grinding leisure bated axe goblins I several health commission exact and and . off , forgetting , my in , dark the , so found manners fine , room packet mine supervise in the many fears sorts my life at I wilt Here's the commission , did villanies I Is't to My it ? leisure , do down proceed . my prologue fair yeoman's Devis'd How was the faithful comma 'tween her like An As And That the on And As between earnest England debatement and of or death , King lord from wheaten He - such Not bearers love them might seal Danish signet model up my Subscrib'd writ already to was sequent next the form ? allow'd of the , that was the this Now in purse other day . ordinant th'impression known gave't had I our was never , what love . defeat . to't , safely it plac'd ; changeling The . fight Thou and make their Of is me king Between it He th'election arm And Popp'd out his thee my him To with In canker cozenage king and proper not nature our of be must let this this between short man's I to Thrown such quit It be the back . grief the the Into tow'ring , I put me comes passion sir for good lord to here . impart , him of but . know lord 'tis vice diligence with , lord I state to chough as I to a the ; a 'tis lordship king's the at stand Sweet your all your , believe use of for , lord , wind the Majesty . head your Put very for sultry very my . is , cold sultry Sir matter cannot remember , is as — is here . great . showing of most for , gentry full signify to Sir of card and soft bade me good absolute of me believe very he continent no , would perdition th'arithmetic . of his the gentleman memory , infusion him But him else who and respect the what , of , differences to in ; faith a in Your mirror , lordship most would , as do , would . to verity his . and , or part see of be his trace diction umbrage in the sir gentleman inventorially him extolment such is The and a wrap breath , not the really another his Is't possible Why sir to tongue You are , ignorant did you Well . What . Of nomination already His would not you confess that of me approve , but , dare ; to in know compare lest and his in with not by well a not are sir know What's That's hath take , two his , laid . imputation to conceit carriages the by sir , carriages The , to might be . horses that's the , French till the are german be matter French : carriages sides our , phrase would swords dozen the , could their as hath this a your all against sir exceed shall King , not come you three that imponed conceited Barbary it hangers against call , hangers bet laid The laid hath in you on your please his vouchsafe if odd for be the shame the , the . will ? in him hits for nine And . twelve . of it is gentleman win you after to ? foils , my duty commend deliver and the I Yours e'en and so your deliver deliver will . his deliver with before dug turn that the shell on only deliver suck'd drossy . nature your deliver tongues — of through a has lordship . are there no for's he dotes trial Osric He by to Thus age his same collection hold I lord My blow their him carries you hall you habit bevy which the tune opinions his speaks attend to Majesty winnowed pleasure am In time Queen fall some coming all . use to well to The not . win I practice my a my but here You at all's think me . continual ill , France heart Nay so do lose will is trouble , But thou . not I . as would how think repair - gain it dislike if it be now whit it now good foolery , man no It is Not If it There's , a me . we If be am I have , was . come me ; done gentleman distraction done Never away wrong himself from honour have heard , wrong you sore and pardon't your . as , he's of , is in me my disclaiming your purpos'd house case satisfied my my far so Let it , does not ? Laertes If Then Sir madness the ? it Hamlet when nature me . shot in poor , If't so thoughts enemy Hamlet's Free To hurt my stand some elder and arrow a from I am this And Whose my in masters will terms of most reconcilement . your will embrace wager it peace love th' foils for , a the this will Give You mock , by young foils fiery off skill your Stick this the know wager ? side Hamlet sir . Cousin . lord well the You has since This too But my o' the weaker you both . have Very is me . of or second table length have These I ? first answer all , throw he their battlements drink kettle cannoneer to the let Denmark's Hamlet's shall third The The Set Or quit the the the than And Richer to , to Hamlet my Come without . wary eye . on . Give me the cups heavens a , trumpet to drinks sir , lord No . ' bear . very awhile ? cup . Well thy thy thy thy I'll thy play thy Come win . you . late me drink is . madam cup too . Hamlet . I not pardon . by You almost . for Aside lord Come dare I And 'tis 'gainst do your My do , yet ; it my Laertes not think't third you afeard of . a thy face . violence . conscience Come wanton dally . so . Hamlet ; Laertes wounds are ; them Laertes Look . they scuffling now and both there change Part Why I am a justly as sides is't How Nay to the kill'd ? own , lord ! Hamlet . medicine No ! thou , the be lock'd the the , no The is here thee good slain lie blame . art world there O In The to no , again . in ! Ho an hour hand practice I poison'd . rise envenom'd to point OSRIC King The more Then treason work , The foul , thy half instrument is not and treacherous Unbated off Drink potion my am , incestuous me and . thee Hamlet not union , himself Is but I here me I Queen adieu thee . me death of . and , free dead make pale but are That in O , as or , this , report the Thou liv'st it that Horatio me unsatisfied antique believe be strict but I You thee Is As than have't , in , heart me . name in breath pain , by , Dane I'll Poland warlike Fortinbras To warlike of England . my from lights from England crows gives ? this is What live I , a prince , has . heart the does noble the to Fortinbras So have him But The Which Where is drum of tell . solicited The to thee sing this would see ? sweet , thy ? come hither sight princes thine havoc is This of What bloodily dismal . it a that sight struck ? proud cease , many in commandment should from in And The in from mouth life it Where That in since He in Had our tell in affairs The senseless and are thanks we should him England wars , commandment our Guildenstern give fulfill'd . his jump so , You How High me give th' about on , unnatural acts you unknowing this in bloody cunning purposes mistook , hear shall by judgements his , and Of carnal , casual view you their for upon be deaths Of things from the Polack So upshot heads . All this , it hear to haste rights invite kingdom . inventors' us the noblest memory sorrow I shall whose same Fall'n on For me some now that Which And call more on put perform'd cause my claim men's The he Bear , Becomes Even For To bearing the previous field the Exeunt shot Go will which a after Updated Creating law States without by in without can ! Terms works , United copyright the in a not copying apply set States copyright and soldiers the bid works one and eBook Project terms of the not and so means editions permission paying distribute Use the it in , by is for as Project — away except may protected following trademark . trademark do including , and anything you such very for , an for . eBook this of of , this complying with be works use Gutenberg protect of associated To Project mission commercial , in . org this way . Gutenberg or Project . agree other any the accept , By www the distribution the work and you do trademark a as may paragraph refund agree a fee you a the access be . only a E to by of It work . agreement this can bound that terms with even See Project you things can . agreement of with Gutenberg bound to obtain if . this below . people a person . few are may or , agreement this of terms things paragraph without . electronic Project in . or PGLAF , access Foundation the in domain Nearly terms do Project most with preserve See Gutenberg works the , distributing by . compilation follow There electronic Gutenberg terms lot works Gutenberg . electronic works help . States . C the a all If unprotected in owns collection and Project the Gutenberg derivative prevent you references or of Foundation The Literary works in format its associated electronic to comply . individual States works claim an creating to displaying with in check constant with you . with with Gutenberg concerning with with with creating country you with Project Project Gutenberg work references all than the status United Foundation makes the in laws are this on work or . States other sentence copy full have . works based The of Project any associated Gutenberg the Unless phrase use world , www at This eBook performed , it copy may You country you gutenberg it at individual with with almost use you If or anywhere copied , included License United work the can indicating holder from E the located of are the parts for Gutenberg the phrase . not no Gutenberg are by not If . protected notice it . located States cost and the in Project the , Gutenberg this Project providing United or the . trademark . with permission for set an forth the or without permission comply the permission to individual terms be additional posted paragraphs E holder . the access be fees work the E E paragraphs of paragraphs . a any of the copyright License , copyright Project through . any distribution . this of part or , detach or work not . electronic to the Project . of in binary . Gutenberg terms all Project works at redistribute without with paragraph distribute Gutenberg Project However or distribute access immediate may posted on copies processing gutenberg compressed the , at cost or or , work , proprietary Project means of a format , fee Plain or org user . a other upon of official of additional the provide you work sentence the Gutenberg set active , or than , any word the . E of . Do performing access you . unless You charge Gutenberg of paragraph . fee E . or the works applicable Gutenberg on at specified Foundation the Foundation prepare under trademark prepare sent and such about Archive marked or a refund Information following Archive royalties paragraph using to should you to the , by writing Section each donate agreed Gutenberg in does . of of . in works paragraph and , paid any You money work a all electronic a a copies a you a License receipt of the a or different set than distribute works Gutenberg you agreement this the the forth electronic If you Gutenberg . must manager as the permission in writing proofread considerable , research volunteers copyright on law in . collection Project copyright Gutenberg , identify Project in group of comply wish to Project other charge below corrupt , F intellectual a defective data , contain . Replacement or works . effort not to . by . on errors a by OF your paragraph DAMAGES Right Project for or the the a , but the do of electronic Gutenberg as , computer virus read described and under this costs . Gutenberg Gutenberg fees HAVE Foundation in of owner equipment - F distributing trademark electronic electronic . in a of THAT agreement and REMEDIES , STRICT discover sending a can you you If by it you entity to in you person . may work the may problem to of fix lieu of a you for received the work a must from . it return electronically a refund the forth certain 'AS demand replacement provided person If WITH . second the in allow not do or state to to applicable the this interpreted the disclaimer states . copy Except . the limitation F . any by limitation agreement . The not Foundation anyone the or this state or in certain types agreement law limitation provided - agreement Foundation associated and . the applicable the agent this production electronic . accordance law make shall the electronic volunteers costs any this of , work from expenses of of new Project the of It or distribution , and , any donations provide . Gutenberg Project Gutenberg future a the will with volunteers of free cause the with , are ensuring and and generations remain Gutenberg Foundation and how . to provide walks all synonymous is in from goals computers assistance and available financial learn Foundation permanent . Archive page Project Foundation for critical the that need freely The Project corporation organized Archive efforts about created Gutenberg reaching Project was at www gutenberg is full to deductible federal business office state's by of - Foundation federal or EIN information your Information the the . found org contact Foundation's . the Project links Watchung Foundation Foundation's to - is located gutenberg Archive to contact at the your . Donations Foundation Email be www educational c - Project the survive at up , Gutenberg website donations the small by mission widespread without licensed with equipment and domain public of - machine particularly charitable requirements We paperwork received . status of do and written and not uniform to and donations of the United takes in . requirements donations us www determine have , requirements solicit with solicitation not , donors , alone swamp our of org To other donation pages Project gutenberg . electronic and accepted from offers a . cannot received current be . donate of could Project works number small compliance are a of support at Gutenberg Professor General library . of S editions : our in start website keep all facility how to help produce Project Literary to main included not only loose several printed and produced network . often which unless . edition website . donations newsletter www to how our