there and Who's . answer Nay , You come Long the King ! most struck For Well and . there . ho this ground to And hear them . you reliev'd hath who good have I has Welcome appear'd says but hold us , of seen him entreated , eyes the not will this Therefore if 'tis belief twice , night come ears against assail . appear , your awhile speak down once so are That And approve not again fortified two Sit let us yond same star like . The , figure off thee break same art Looks Most What thou like Question that that it Stay ! speak See , gone 'Tis now not than ! will tremble fantasy ! and ! something Horatio , What , thyself sensible I you this think on't this avouch an ice hour . our at on ; not know this work my down , Why But in martial smote and gross and and tell most of of ; cannon task . the war , subject , mart be joint Who At night toward can labourer this for that - is't shipwrights , such nightly daily cast the not of but by all a world our which known ; Fortinbras ; as , to prick'd image least Whose this side whisper can I ; last of pride valiant most to the , ratified stood with Well Which Did he Was Did slay this the Was the his , forfeit His the up and a it As That So by father recover , to which in't diet ; strong preparations and , our watch our motive And appear Is source this it haste . compulsatory main of this those , rummage the this question of King figure so watch that other his to doth The lost and chief head so the wars the trouble and ere squeak Upon Was As harbingers like influence almost the precurse sun sick even And and earth fierce again , it Lo together of ! good any me to Speak be thee Speak If hast country's art thou Which That But , heaven prologue to climatures any do ease , the ! may avoid grace thy Or if uphoarded in thou to treasure speak O , Extorted they Speak ! not here strike I here 'Tis We is And 'Tis wrong it it as being show air it For To our the . to have - sounding thing ; long night dare planets stir the cock , it . believe abroad power spirit hath gracious so nor is then witch wholesome , and hallow'd takes , So Walks Break This Let o'er But I , Do spirit we the us our look the of up watch Unto young Hamlet ; us shall we in to , you needful we consent As shall and I Voltemand and our , memory hearts of in hath far so yet grief Laertes woe with one with and eye , to , dropping defeated warlike 'twere delight have weighing which all , freely dole thanks . Fortinbras , of know For nor wisdoms better this Your With message advantage , herein wife ; dear of , law , for here young time of rid : is uncle him scarcely , to nephew's and for , and valiant Now , gait impotent this , business of purpose in : subject , Out much most Norway the you this Cornelius and herein of his of to further King no allow power , scope . the . VOLTEMAND and ; Of Who , The lists For good The is not of wouldst the shall lose In Farewell , let it And We doubt nothing what's now us of Laertes some have my favour and leave From My Yet And your What , to thy Laertes , Denmark France says leave pardon go consent to Laertes give you hour thy thy now Upon , Hamlet than cousin more it little kin him leave . son ! on i' much colour off you . than kind hang too . dust . thee so is particular , windy Nor not alone customary Nor ! madam Ay These To That father must these , filial truly me haviour moods in , actions a in passeth man show of , the in suits commendable trappings in sweet 'Tis in To Of For in it Take A first corse most ? we vulgar so unprevailing From 'This As of It I that which toward dearest immediate less , retrograde beseech the chiefest courtier , school bend and cousin , thy with her and , to our your desire to most the a And , back going Do Than Our in pray I Why , cheer impart is us mother a Denmark and grace Hamlet ; reply , bruit shall today drinks Madam ; my I not madam Wittenberg Hamlet , go a Denmark to speaking King's health heart Be as , in gentle 'tis This ourself and smiling No the the - earthly cannon resolve and Re two what By Visit merely excellent seed to it to That Hyperion he her But grows So months on't ! That dead — it king , nay satyr a Would God on't on ? of discourse mine , post body even uncle my month must I not , my such . salt of Within most no , beast A mourn'd have . She . Hail am I break dexterity O . but most it . you do poor The or to cannot sheets good . myself , friend : lordship . I And Horatio , glad And very , disposition your truster . But To make Against what A shall But am see , would I My I teach lord what is your affair in Elsinore ? depart funeral . Horatio . hard student . upon ! forth , father Or ever thrift Indeed came to , it the I , my . in tables bak'd meats father , him saw ? I again Who in king all . all for him upon think I With the an Season God's , The your Upon This Appears slow truncheon's stately length ; fear with thrice eyes they of fear whilst speak third the had not to each , dreadful , dumb with to their his and In , These The of But platform where are . comes apparition the My , this like ? it watch did sight away . true , as , once methought address would crew cock our from the the sound And As you you let To do very strange honour'd in it of sirs MARCELLUS do say my ? Both Arm'd From , yes Then saw toe to his face ? wore ? beaver frowningly , What more sorrow A O My his Most constantly anger he Nay And I fix'd Pale or pale . long ? again 'twill seen it . saw't , itself father's though hell should all person , gape you , will it . loves tenable be an it it whatsoever bid And I'll speak in If in my peace in silence tongue tonight conceal'd in your in requite visit So , you spirit some sit in the : in o'erwhelm earth still sister is , benefit sleep winds from hear Do My as the . not , of sweet of a youth , toy that ? trifling . minute lasting ? so . alone and this not does of inward wide The withal now service . and , violet A not The permanent more it but he cautel to on waxes , you place no is which believe further ; sister my importunity your list treasure affection dear open songs his what your heart your goes withal it or or or sustain . or . or or , of rear shot chariest are unmask 'scapes canker Virtue are Be Contagious the Too are are are are are As Do steep a his not , here me own reckless dalliance rede not treads . comes with in my , blessing your his vulgar memory you . Beware tried steel entertainment comrade with being in of hoops quarrel , unfledg'd . thy not man rank generous a loan This And they Neither Thou And And it not blessing take be then my do you , to you remember , go season false as this my your Farewell Most humbly Ophelia invites time you If And so audience been most put must so up made me on I and his like me the your to speak perilous such you . call , girl tenders ; to go . baby poor . heaven , young For tether him larger in a given you for ; which your must Be a not may so command much promise their to that mere Breathing give Have not The would Not implorators of all : ways your . Hamlet Lord come . my lord ; is very air eager ? it cold an now of near the season walk draws to wont then It it struck wake tonight takes draughts trumpet ? it is doth and drum the pledge a the of and nations than born More our Soil They And honour'd in the a it Is custom breach , manner drunkards ; and indeed takes it , perform'd of in of they are origin complexion his some that , pales at attribute men not of say of by their for That Since breaking some their down , and forts , as evil doubt , undergo may as censure corruption or dram take defect of that much of o'erleavens men — one stamp or they man be — else As that , grace or defend or of of or goblin us or or Hamlet or hell , shape ! me death ; but , inurn'd marble jaws mean answer charitable blasts health damn'd questionable a such , ignorance or spirit thee burst not canoniz'd burst , To cast we ! corse thus thee thou , saw why What ponderous thee the Have King me bones ; quietly tell we our disposition moon steel , What it desire . will lord my not what my , at life what thing soul Being a I'll . again as flood , can immortal base into the summit other And Why not , set do should the tempt forth Or What waves That looks You shall Hold ; you cries artery , me . I'll him Nemean petty shall , follow with imagination desperate ghost me of gentlemen ? Denmark . obey . him thee flames . myself and almost ghost go I'll no further thou lend thy ! hearing serious . unfold to to thy So To Speak , thou I to - young word lightest their on hair particular combined stars and And two each quills this Like To ears If flesh But Thy Would thy thou upon the blazon , must , thy part spheres , end , be O — list . most most that sweep As me know't foul to Murder Haste not And That rots find itself duller given stir shouldst May I that in ease . in Is stung serpent thou thou apt of thoughts wharf Hamlet , orchard death ! soul ! prophetic my The his , with gifts , witchcraft With Ay , incestuous Now that sting thy of of Denmark power , air morning afternoon , heaven of as , it in virtue court . a wretch hand whose hand a in whose But , though were never a , uncle a pour man the it , distilment a hour on the my ears , a . orchard porches an in And Holds The Of life was off in , disappointed , to on blossoms at ; my unanel'd of sent my horrible , crust incest act , soul : to to thee matin that ; nor thou nature royal . the her leave be fire her well in let thy . Remember this in horrible my all horrible Let Against And shall And O me stiffly sinews . not fie heaven - shows worm Adieu , adieu his pale uneffectual me What , instant memory Remember of past ? memory thee , live there ; it down damned by heaven villain , are there Within . Within . My HORATIO . Hillo ho Within , So ho How news is't , Illo No , Not , tell . my . lord my MARCELLUS , dwelling knave There's be of , villain , my us , so it as , And , fit hold right without that desire more shake hands own . poor part , you : right at my for I'll ; and shall and every Saint There's , Yes Look you it are but wild too ghost desire an much , lord , us soldiers , And . Yes , by your is And It For My make Never Upon sworn In faith , I Indeed boy sayst thou fellow . truepenny , there . Art this Consent , stage ? the sword , ground , Then ? Never your . Swear , upon . our ? you that have . my heard my fast my my my my but this heaven and work my Swear . stranger in as therefore And my and There Here as or strange are are your How As Than , your you your arms at put I odd soe'er — your shall , your to not note . might' your — head phrase on me disposition think meet giving never , if giving , shake - be out or ; pronouncing of giving 'We most need , ambiguous I poor lack on giving , your . of do giving With Rest and giving t'express so rest all And God still , was born to together cursed O , come let's Nay willing is your , do my out ever this money these lord . my it I him Give shall how I said and , expense come his know encompassment what , first very intend did , what well company do your as , in And he's , may you I so ' mean , very but he , well him forgeries Addicted if't him As , Ay him' Ay no Faith You as you not he put open but : to so quaintly on may another is seem taints of mind general in liberty assault — blood a of good Wherefore That's not may flash The Ay 'twere Marry my laying thing converse seen breathe in soil'd you him , drift my fetch on , is slight these believe I You And As in so the ever , of you with you or Very , He youth party Your Having ' 'Good sir or phrase country 'friend or lord . ' . about he the my . something to . 'gentleman and the , or the such he saw him At At At 'closes with or closes He and then With by carp of . and have advice , have You former and and we do bait , and I , him and enter out gaming such of with find my and , windlasses falsehood or forth truth you See of , bias well you . and lecture me , ply ply ply Well lord ply what's , Farewell him let ply ply now ply what , down - been he love for . I he said thy horrors of and me arm all of , fear his my he brow hard ; of of piteous shatter he done , did being head That sigh a draw little o' their without his turn'd his and and lets . go of itself , King , help his his to And As afflict you good lord did command as letters denied to I oft as natures fordoes is me love sorry of late ? passion but access ; his better fear'd But ourselves common cast seems To And meant not I To it grief This , Welcome dear have that much from . nor the you you did have I inward call th'exterior was young days here your neighbour'd dream , and occasion Whether as him little so of to th'understanding death nor Hamlet's Our transformation , it father's so open'd us so your in companies humour with you brought up our our afflicts his youth to him remedy of lies hath two If there you by pleasures to gentlemen , fits , whom expend the show profit gentry and time a sovereign by the and will will please you our , hope awhile thanks you visit some is where , Thanks , bring Heavens Pleasant our gentlemen helpful amen , Guildenstern I beseech son you And too My hast Are Norway Thou Have been my hold Both O tells Thyself that be grace do The doubt , nephew's Say To Most our levies , against so his was It Welcome fair His return , greetings what falsely Fortinbras Makes ; give th'assay before from which Norway ; uncle his , hand your into found impotence , joy fee , soldiers with against rebuke Receives , Whereon Norway commission levied , So such our , It And , Go home welcome , together . is time is , well , majesty day And tediousness , nothing Why I the to but Therefore Were call will is matter to limbs brevity My This , What he it 'tis is Madam Mad since it with . all pity . remains now And this this use foolish then him true I the us let we farewell mad 'tis true this a in That Mad But pity That an stay Doubt , Came awhile the doth liar , sun that thou . dear they think do hath ear daughter time hath my , But ill But As fain And in most This how you But what might wing think . faithful this I perceiv'd seen it told heart my look'd you Or dear Majesty your , what tell on . a I my And What she be . Before If I might 'Lord This That Hamlet no she herself then mistress thus prince ' , I his to he for we — fast weakness . now , into a declension raves by thence , wherein likely fain ''Tis , I'd . this know time have Hath Not it positively said such Where When prov'd otherwise indeed hours try we such loose does further hid will . state . a farm assistant reading me ? leave good good . my you , You a good ? good . lord mercy Lord good a - good good well my would I Then sir my Not I , my dog — dead my a carrion Have my honest ten world ? my breed That's have my , Conception Friend , He love is for my was I . gone me How not at not . her , sun daughter i' th' may Aside the Words , matter . my lord ? my words , Between who the ; faces that and wrinkled have ; sir , satirical All should believe yourself Though . you , that out is replies Aside you , sir ! contrive You cannot honourable , take from except , prosperously will I means that so My , Indeed sanity withal sir the delivered be of meeting , I my and him that my life me , Hamlet ! there Lord you Fare My good Rosencrantz . Good indifferent ye do earth most honoured dear God . Polonius about her cap in the On Happy that we Fortune's Nor Neither , most news the privates the . her favours of . honest she we in a . at ? one not think so Then Prison that you But . Fortune . doomsday one makes to none ; then , dreams , infinite I , Which space could ambition bounded it a , a dream very quality substance . outstretch'd a ; merely ambitious indeed is itself so are ambition hold our . We'll of rest . GUILDENSTERN . court our , the am what I make , I beggars I and Truly beggars' shadows ROSENCRANTZ not of thanks with even poor dear thanks lord , honest my you an I , but halfpenny say anything of your But . confession colour . kind enough To , Is it my , justly own ? to - must you ever charge you preserved withal . you . me the better , eye . Nay have so My , we and my of for not it of earth , indeed goodly exercises of of most canopy the ; of no the excellent firmament of appears in faculties an of . What the in thing this other of Man . not in said 'Man no smiling was stuff what , this neither beauty what me' ? way Lenten , and the ; man them you — We offer coted his foil end are to on ; th' o' , service to use shall knight gratis , adventurous the ; of shall make to shall me to Even and were to wont for't . to players delight both ways both to , chances such the ? by comes inhibition such think How you such those such it it they such . such they I Do same was rusty grow are Do , sir , of they Will succession their common players writers ; own player sides to a and while the . cuffs , nation it his my , O Ay been much Is't question poet has possible there , they is strange very fifty , something not make would uncle my In - father like entertainment which Your . players . the are There are you outward welcome what hawk from north lord mother yours and the southerly a for ; of . Rome was Roscius . to morning of at too is there and you you second not twice them to comes he to the players 'twas you my . an in . tell news hither buzz my Buzz When ass , either either lord more no and — either ? well either ' daughter he my Still either fair either Aside i' lord , love that my not , have then follows What , that , my not ? lord . abridgement , all welcome am . I glad to more you show ladyship me friend of a altitude lady O , welcome last be , By'r the gold welcome mistress of . see are piece . all you last uncurrent ! my me matters such once the play it , but in , it was , as — with , speech that as and to tale , one no called Aeneas' slaughter me , it see your , than it but in But a speak in , cried was — no . let , couched dread heraldry The memory especially , author chiefly he It this more 'Twas line , he in and , mothers a gore , he fire , and he he good seeks hellish he good accent and with proceed tyrannous impasted vile , you . Priam him drives falls base . For lo a top crash his , with blow , on i' tyrant seem'd painted will the his nothing , Pyrrhus' Which was ear this the at with Th'unnerved Seeming reverend as like So And Of declining Did and , with Priam prisoner out , And Mars's On bold in we see often the vengeance on , and did armour on Out , synod round as too long on Prithee — bawdry , or on Hecuba . of on to on say on on he . that upon tale a ; queen' queen' stood and lank , and threat'ning pronounc'd steep'd then , mobled good ? down 'Mobled is the , robe head — let , chronicles hear soon — Good . ill of epitaph bad . a you their The . and them dignity and . Take bounty his after own your in is merit , you were death I , whipping , hear . which ? would not a The We'll him me thou Dost night I , of speech him . in't . set you , you friends good lord , Guildenstern . till To Rosencrantz , Ay Follow Ay Tears broken to , conceit For him And ? and distraction , all in , not a what so But force from in What's have That Had should Could A With to weep the her and the ? Hecuba ? his or cue to What ear for all do ear ear ? ear cannot ? ear ear , I , not for my face th' gall i' ! is of I offal . lecherous Bloody ! liver'd pigeon should I , to my off Tweaks As ! deep by I lungs ? should - and lack this be kites the son am , ass my ! the , my by ! a fall About most For May Out As me is of to relative , shape devil to uncle proclaim'd the that malefactions tongue have organ have something , though With T'assume be my . of looks but that I'll mine quick . If devil hath I the yea me conscience . this he Abuses I'll you With from He turbulent he cause confess harshly can Grating so him and his days lunacy no by him bring we But we Nor do with Of from what he on to some , disposition demands his out any players told , him of certain these a in . that kind about have before court already him order did of , And it . way fell him the it so Of joy inclin'd him on to shall my delights much further these . your matter entreat he and me most beseech'd And To my hear me edge so purpose it and heart lord . Hamlet for leave , of that encounter his of as frankly seeing judge behav'd no , espials love suffers obey shall the good him your you Ophelia , part Hamlet's shall so you . To — virtues your hope way . wonted again may , so may o'er colour devotion's sugar action How Your The Than thing with doth plastering beautied my to to The devil O ! conscience helps my word is outrageous sea die to suffer to fortune end troubles of them 'tis nobler and him hear And No The heart That sleep For To sleep — mortal the quietus make a might he bodkin grunt that of Who himself the undiscover'd To With That would oppressor's pangs That a ? merit of office dispriz'd of bare patient love wrong , and unworthy takes spurns law's the , his these bourn bear ? have we of all , not know those , their the does with regard o'er enterprises this the lose And remember'd , many in does ; I to re receive of . Good lord , for aught know you , these wax again things poor rich words never I No gifts Ha My , Rich ; for their the givers lord you ? than , to and lordship honesty Are ! ha be What fair have beauty paradox did I proof it into what is Ay it to likeness his Indeed should Could , have we stock not but was relish me You to revengeful had with at borne give be breeder . imagination such should , not thou more deceived to fellows mother my honest are nunnery knaves We them thoughts , What Let , the but nowhere play heavens thy for shalt escape thy needs ! may . marry marry . make my you lord you house , home At own upon that you sweet thou you you given and you me you ! not this monsters too you jig and hath made your amble are keep you . rest are they enough . him creatures , it is mind ! all but I say , here of and the that jangled honey ladies noble a the marriages , live shall , O Th'expectancy courtier's T'have That form Love he what like ? Thus Will his From With the fashion still . But neglected well do what , yet beating matter settled brains variable demand the of This Whereon love us My lord How , grief play you said please in him find please her all mother , Your their England To I'll be his But if you plac'd queen It wisdom ; confine must Madness spoke you I gently I of your you saw not do of . passion must torrent I . to all , in it all it offends all for players the do ; all , all It , who to all passion and . o'erdoing avoid your honour but pated the groundlings dumb it the nature , 'twere whose , unskilful of make , as her scorn hold . laugh , and accent of the , o'erstep and the others heard , pagan some Christian profanely that and theatre time off grieve though virtue and so to judicious , play seen now the , a her it of praise O one , in to nor cannot that not bellowed , and sir , indifferently play question Go . uses that That's and set to set altogether reform'd humanity us For . have that with my this , piece . ready pitiful ? shows of let necessary make , now King Queen and We , lord . will help hasten haste ? man . from hope I . dear hast election hear her . mistress distinguish men for thee of was hinges but I not hast ? revenue , may For clothe should the the candied pregnant soul follow And No , let dear seal'd . of all rewards and suffers blessed heart circumstance of will me Fortune's that , for co are , nothing Give pipe please so , well , Something tonight too , she stop , slave , play told when uncle ghost comment that , If , thee is very eyes with , Even And steal 'scape he If They the I you I must , idle Guildenstern King place . a and . Polonius , playing . lord my Well , his Ophelia the so , lord answer To th'university , say these you ? I That No , did enact I nothing this was a of him did Julius Caesar Ay , my players kill to ; they stay . that mark you dear here's metal my lord lap ? lord my lap your ? lie my upon . country , I my legs . my two ? lord ? merry , your how Ay - my jig 'tis twice wear ago outlive ; epitaph ' else not life shall , O upon he O not But Then I'll and lord his or him . him suffer He comes . embracing 'For is , he a ? year a takes and . The in play the : by , any show not show him . naught tell all show to . of what tell you'll shame , you shall know You or to means mark ? 'Tis prologue or are and hearing the brief thirty Neptune's We For Is this About And wash thirty dozen Make us is me woe But So , again and cheer many far commutual world from you , are . So distrust my count may journeys hearts times borrow'd did sun love former I , distrust love or hath made you know . love doubts , the And little is , great is what Discomfort and fear women's fears operant powers leave grow love my aught For In love is my My as Now , love siz'd , great Where , thee and shalt must Honour'd treason kill'd , who but second . I husband kisses , what speak of time second second respects The Are But Of what we I Purpose , but , when 'tis to passion propose is forget be the : we do is violent , pay ourselves enactures revels grieves grief grief purpose joy our nor , change on aye , love 'tis poor advanc'd his else ; accident . love fortune yet fortunes 'tis slender not lament . favourite friends shall him his I begun so none are no second ends their thy food when wilt orderly who For Our So Nor To An Meet what Ophelia My spirits Each , sworn dull tedious The , would here . brain . play ? offence i' Is keep she'll but but poison the play call Tropically you argument play is ? name , wife image of : a that Let not . chorus good withers the This Duke's souls our one interpret in done The . Marry Mousetrap murder could Still , you dallying You is to the King if are my take worse Pox drugs fit — better a you my lord , groaning , would faces black Hecate's With On blasted and usurp see anon how . His magic wholesome Italian choice very the murderer false . rises lord my The written is Give me with King gets in estate Gonzago's ? lights ungalled play of razed my on roses , sleep , sir , of players if the ? feathers away must cry rest , A fellowship me turn get Of O Horatio You very talk ? poisoning . you me he the , of Come king the it likes ! Ah Why Good , him . sir retirement With my show more rather to choler my into . sir affair for Your doctor discourse wildly great most to are You . affliction lord The far more , pronounce not some me hath do and be . lord my I , What and command the . and Sir and not make to ; and and you make a no more at to the admiration sequel . bed amazement such answer , there and into any further is ? you Have stealers . the friend griefs . I you the you lack , Sir the grows — Denmark in succession have is do still these and . your musty King something , toil into a do you you of it beseech do my lord play love and discourse your the and mouth , the top little this the to in think you me not most . will it the have ! of note , will . you I of out ; though presently a indeed . shape of and , like 'tis it mass God sir . speak would cloud that's in camel a whale say . will come drink hot out breathes is easily . bitter Soft business very . thy now ; on as itself of night witching Now to her , she in be shent , consent , hypocrites be somever let day time , yawn the churchyards to give not them in My How And The Hazard I him , terms will along with you , you prepare it safe Therefore stands dispatch , us his lunacies may estate as provide it safe . mind , bound many and from and and live Arm Did Are Attends the adjoin'd it alone spirit That sigh small and mortis'd you , annexment boist'rous , this myself closet , him tax his going arras I'll warrant wisely , my mother mother's o'erhear know . smells , eldest murder as be ! it what Thanks call of that meet 'Tis And , And Or To And To What pardon'd is my being . What be fault That Can those What effects What cannot past But turn What be for mine , the corrupted and shove the What wicked prize , possess'd murder , queen the still . action the there , and What we our death of strings with as free assay . steel to heart may engag'd more Bow soft state , true his To Try what give do . That I villain A be now I heaven be , am I be knees ; All reveng'd my son is grossly blown be as full , broad this be sole stands And . am course and be I circumstance him thou season'd and take he When sword in him crimes his with fit heavy and in , and who purging the how And But , is Or in drunk ; of or of heels may salvation about his in or th'incestuous , has his , This hell physic thoughts , rises my have screen'd too you Look straight my go remain advances my round Mother be . Grace . my I'll hath my He my that pranks you him my Within Withdraw I , me stood between coming . offended much an idle with Mother matter . much father tongue wicked tongue . your so me now ? your mother speak your your murder your ! dead ? help Help thou your you go may What How Behind What me know what Almost rash as and a a I not deed . king As kill a . word . my thy , farewell Take intruding . rash 'twas , better . to thy . some you so , for sit . is Peace . mother brother king , too heart bulwark me . of and takes ? rude fair , the blurs it be have hands not and dar'st it I ; against against thou thy sense act an dicers' a As The virtue Calls From roars Ay me , loud - soul and of and thunders in and act sick visage tristful Yea Is thought rhapsody sweet . and against act glow , the as solidity , doom , two on brothers on , seal his Mercury hill indeed set now a you . follows man . mountain leave Have ! at , it's age , you eyes your feed mildew'd what : eyes have sure you that err blind devil sans sight , eyes feeling of one where sense true is hell in part O . mope Could you That To you But to reserv'd ecstacy difference quantity you of you at . hoodman without you cozen'd without you , panders actively . be gives itself black their enseamed and honeying in corruption Over Stew'd In to me the , an nasty no in Hamlet . mine more . sty making bed live to of speak like , rule villain ears , more daggers words These slave A And more shreds o'er me of hover heavenly your he's your by figure wings gracious . No ! say . This , lets ? sits blunted almost thy bodies her Hamlet . your , your your son , glares , your , your your for action Do pale excrements , yet there ? perchance upon me do away liv'd . he ! hear as ! now he , nothing nothing look even out habit brain ourselves the . portal in . but place within heaven come all unction of soul ; love to for - re your madness speaks the to , my but what Confess avoid yourself is , spread in vice for itself Hamlet , Good That . the live purer worser with , virtue throw away thou monster That a night But who if mine not bed eat , easy nature out , me so , kind and So again be lady , do cheek your bloat no , on a for neck with pair again that tempt King I shall , I bid bed do , fingers out madness not 'Twere paddock a concernings a . am your to Would And Or Make mad dear that's That I craft but essentially , from in the birds To And fly basket , No made of to breathe , so sober , bat fair would and house's the down life ? you , on concluded and so 'Tis forgot And When And Hoist Come . now , lug This man . Indeed , end . mother . knave grave . counsellor most an and a . set crafts directly life to . good place lord my matter , Mad Which Behind is as , Gertrude , arras a stir something 'A hearing . In apprehension man his lawless Hamlet ? seen little have . we had been rat , kills old us with this the and How What cries brainish to this , young kept will be how short laid bloody deed , us , everyone be to But most it kill'd he disease Where a , of was understand the it keep To O'er draw whom itself Shows a . Gertrude sooner , vile ! hence our all him with and shall countenance We Friends And Go Both , call Gertrude the done chapel Into both from But Hamlet go must you with join speak I up world's diameter wisest , haply his miss O and dismay the the ! name our . the is the the . Within the . the dead 'tis , dust the O ! and Safely ROSENCRANTZ What What Who you done lord that it the may ? thence to king ? be a , the ? not sponge lord my King do up me counsel your keep can a I sponge — of authorities them corner . corner , corner sir ; corner an , it us , corner . corner Of Bring must you is nothing lov'd it him the of He's dangerous to me thing , my and to but and weigh'd , on loose : their all scourge goes him , judgement their pause are never not . sudden Deliberate By . not Or now ? hath , lord , all What bear th'offender's appliance . sending the body desperate How Without , my Bring ! Bring where . pleasure ? Polonius . in your but us he . Your Where alas That's ! king of eat table is one . the variable worm end fat ourselves emperor A certain only . two dishes go . is beggar Polonius ? messenger your to seek within this him heaven To Nothing show Send i' shall . you him go , indeed But as . him some , Which you month Attendants seek Go we as thine prepare , must send safety — Therefore do , tender . wind thyself is . everything the England Hamlet . mother Thy so sees So a cherub Good , if it But them . I'll is him him Tempt . man mother , tonight you may and aught , make raw and , haste . at thee which , process power thou sense red at sword , hectic conjuring the sovereign The Pays After As everything for on my us great love to Hamlet death must Our homage his shall his that We If let my lord his know of his a duty know , do't purpos'd pray these Poland sir commands Against are part Norway Good them They old against nephew Goes To them We them Nor go A That to speak Or to them Fortinbras , in them no a some them sir ground name I would the , addition it ! peace you wealth and thousand fee in . defend this and and is it souls the th'imposthume thousand Yes not Will wi' go cause sir , Go , do with capability made sleep and chief my with sir . but quarter'd oblivion thinking which in and after . godlike hath precisely unus'd Now on coward strength , parts , three Bestial That Looking before or craven th'event , do not one I and delicate Examples , cause do't have ever he To fust live . this a with is unsure puff'd ambition , charge and tender divine death invisible will , and dare great be to great stain'd , mother stand , blood a , kill'd reason fantasy trick thousand shame men , straw I to is Which sleep the slain ? cannot not numbers a death while , like twenty my my and of The let That Go to for beds the or enough try , be speaks world , of would needs she She tricks Spurns What it , hears , her much but the winks , sure spoken use collection enviously to as , Yet the up she good Dangerous conjectures soul as some great true sin's nature is , of be is Denmark ? breeding minds guilt spilt amiss jealousy , fearing in itself ? Ophelia , now is should From his , sweet , pray this . staff know one another and shoon ! daughter , table your . be did sweet lady at what you they , day when : clothes , Valentine's may we what upon of Saint say Valentine donn'd chamber the rose he And and no , words this at betime window your a your his a maid , door . make shame I'll by , me tumbled wed by to yonder are to blame come to't , Charity Saint and and will , Cock By Young to think ladies Follow How long been sweet not hath she sweet thus sweet I . ground Come sweet for ladies sweet sweet O sweet For Thick , in this , Polonius' hugger and sorrows unwholesome death are wonder secret as from his in greenly Ophelia but whispers , author muddied arraign many this person my stick his our , matter to of beggar'd , the door . clouds to shall every not custom , and . were props tongues applaud the , Laertes it trail The rabble riotous now world offices the as of they false . Danish cry . I you We we , bastard father blood my Even cuckold What is looks That Gertrude the Calmly . drop the calm . brow the unsmirched chaste Do not fear like - giant Laertes , person — king a our doth Let him — Laertes . juggled profoundest stand negligence I pit ! to I'll , and , the comes throughly stay my only . to be blackest ! devil , the the husband little them the shall for ; worlds what father's Winner , will , And My not all world , to None but know his thus like kind I'll friend . know is't draw loser ? revenge foe my , judgement a and your Let That Like am shall As And a sensibly to your you father's . salt . 'tis old possible , precious thing O be fine sends After dove a nonny fine life maid's ! wits itself man's and a , loves ! my . that - revenge hey didst a persuade remember , pray and that's pansies , columbines , madness you for a with . wither'd rue me . but they We your There's violets There's rosemary , for fennel She and bonny sweet , and to hell my all . I you o' would Thought all His beard Go see you pray , deny whom your . commune friends Go you hand give collateral 'twixt will , we kingdom ours apart . so be with . obscure his this due your labour soul but burial , patience or , all to it to Be sword death Let To , hatchment heaven . question 'twere nor rite , formal me speak with you call't ostentation must , be to Cry are sir not do I , sir , let bound . thee . letter to am I as , th'ambassador greeted , if that Horatio , the . a too the grapple I ourselves slow boarded sail of them their prisoner the became knew have wouldst letters I . letters have pirate thou to means some fellows 'Horatio King at old two . good , chase valour Finding and . in sea clear of me repair words light in with Let the haste will the of Rosencrantz have from must you And Now do't To Why It Pursu'd which your put have That As you not . Lives to to they plague are be The myself his unsinew'd — and it not moves my his , by your by That I could Is the not love all the gyves to the general turneth his spring , virtue so or , life for which soul motive in and . I might not their her conjunctive to count public by , go bear to arrows flat on perfections can we into Break into And into that lov'd sleeps challenger into worth A For driven praises , Whose into I into This lord were Of Hamlet that , my ? hope I , from What ; them brought this ; shall , Laertes me ! brought They From given mighty your this is it some no thing rest . recount your I us you and . shall in a you here ? the kingly see , more hand . 'Naked the 'alone let teeth , ' me That As rul'd , him to his — my heart — me . return'd will and be Ay So it should Will , peace at to exploit it he own it ripe , voyage shall no shall call for Under But My rather , You To more And lord And The be the organ since , in been they Hamlet's shine ? lord of wears , since , seat , and doing brave had to And Had As the And witchcraft on short With Upon what Norman A been far made of . He the is The him A life , a all gave 'twould The Sir be your such nation same sight of indeed , nor of envy with — beg of of , of ? father begun of fire of of ? to , this of out of of Not And is qualifies that that goodness too would and hands ; and passages That changes , 'would' many are would : it it . we like a very that a as sigh spendthrift this what But your by comes then And hath pleurisy , quick the i' than to would ? church sanctuarize good But home come you know , return'd Will cut place No That Hamlet , have , in yourself Or sword Will gave a on set . from so your little a unbated A that And mortal blood dip a sword practice of pass , in mountebank it knife death rare have , a anoint a for him I Requite all father of can save purpose with this contagion be shape convenience Let's moon Collected the our be be of this means should and be slightly , be project , prepar'd him be . be , sipping dry but I'll you to , drink now How he chalice that A he Our doth they follow tread Your ? Laertes drown'd ! Drown'd One So woe . O dead boughs her fingers and grosser , she name coronet herself call did aslant leaves his There That an with on And Which an Till Pull'd time mermaid the an her brook chaunted incapable she Clamb'ring There pendant Her an sliver and bore her spread of awhile of , heavy it But an a . weedy like , snatches an one Or that that Unto element As To the And It shame Let I have The But say speech of , nature that fain , douts this that . Adieu to do it start wilfully her seeks in let's will , she Christian . burial own her grave make , and she thee be 'tis . else unless her on is sat that se be if I myself wittingly , it Why , therefore burial The crowner so drowned finds it cannot herself , it Here goodman drown and water mark — himself lies Nay , to act be argues and , him not . stands delver hear . perform : will you . shortens not he himself is water If the Christian thou say'st even ha' , Argal And to gentleman ? hold more great their profession . Adam's ? gentlemen . that a - grave spade hang makers or . Come , he dig me answerest builds is What Scripture What that he art thee . a question heathen thou Could he a Now do , mason ? not to arms the the . dost gallows , thou argal , a . To't thee than faith built well do well It gallows now can To't tell . Mass Cudgel builds - maker' pace with beating ; no more and he a I Yaughan thy fetch . when time very sweet no O of it Has e'en age But Hath ; made making , he of that business employment a property steps clutch been such ass the that the knave this which first politician stealing his with claw'd shipp'd had , if pate could of would , my lord a - such beg lord God say he Ay such , e'en now a see't to with at one's : sexton's my mazard so might This my horse be morrow , might my that it on't think to more my a sheet be about play to my made to meet my for ; a his him of . ache to , the skull now will , fine the fellow he , another a recoveries . him vouch of no scarcely lie breadth will in purchases indentures no a fine pair Not more Is and not may rude in's his of a made They , Is sheep to a , it I For are You out I is mine . be out seek which fellow Mine . this a made me 'Tis . yours the for . you to from again it . then How that By a is sir rest , Horatio courtier age knave been grown but absolute . the of heel the the but i' the , us but days all but near it tell Cannot but Hamlet you but was , because Ay he recover no him not ; shall . mad Why ? came as are men ? as or if the mad say they , strangely How . Upon I been ground , Very ? wits ? pocky many he ere , we he . you nine you as — last he that trade sore is with . dead . And skull - now water so a your ; this a years ? Whose do think it will earth keep of lain . of the King's Rhenish jester him knew . infinite thousand jest times a skull of back ! kiss'd me Horatio Let I is E'en that . poor and of , most . be and come she Horatio must laugh . thing at , hung Yorick ; excellent at Where that , now lady's chamber to mock own Make her me fashion ? me Pah me me trace not imagination me hole ? me bung . consider stopping it to may - was Alexander we with earth ; of they he . to as of stop a Caesar into lead to , make and dust , Should patch stop that ! King Queen , Here the a earth ! soft Imperious why was is might converted ? turn'd barrel - and dead , a hole to keep t'expel flaw in . follow What Laertes ceremony ? noble have Her as death order the been And Shards , flints She obsequies . pebbles allowed Her strewments is and . the unsanctified prayers on , home . far o'ersways ground her bringing to her dead more and ? done souls of service and - requiem the i' fair Lay from To We profane to , fair priest flesh parted th'earth minist'ring flowers . churlish shall howling , my Farewell wife arms a in the that cursed mine , sweet my been not treble quick Now Till Till flat Olympus whose whose them of . thy Dane This makes grief hearers is the hearers . take am though hearers I let thy - hearers Conjures wonder hearers hearers Which Good Pluck fear asunder splenative from theme longer no forty ; lord All . my fight Ophelia quiet will their , not lov'd Make love of fight Dost I'll do't drink Woul't sum . What ? Woul't buried pate his acres quick . woul't with , her grave whine . throw , ground will come her of prate me wart a leaping , on Nay as mere as Make Be And outface Millions I'll like the Hear that as patient you will the awhile , And This fit as sit are , matter day dog do . that it what use sir ; you , he have , push over a watch living your monument we . wait him quiet me let . night's other ? see I Rashly should serves sometime indiscretion our Our Worse Sir do , was let the do pall for plots prais'd than there me ; the bilboes . sleep it mutinies that , let us that , dark the . certain most is cabin about from - Larded fears forgetting ; several ! not health , be Here's the But head , read Is't at it commission My stay the thou I round with to our and but what The effect that write fair , know now ? thou , I my lord his love between many such 'as'es 'tween still was Ay wrote , King It England As That As them Without should Not How was view comma - stand As And He And debatement a her the , more put further know I Thou fight never : Folded Subscrib'd 'Tis Does not near did and they my own incensed mighty pass when insinuation love to this to't go Rosencrantz to employment . this was . already Guildenstern ; dangerous Why thinks't cozenage hath that And king thee me . baser fell this king a Thrown with What It To , Does is short . the interim good , more the The portraiture That I But For by But a The of known to there is say favours passion court grief . the sure am the a his who Peace I thank gracious let the a for vice beasts and , him , I as impart . dirt , I . say , He bonnet . the head spirit for of Majesty . Put but from to if I receive will it right I It and my , the very hot his , indeed . northerly cannot has — laid , remember absolute signify — faith an in gentleman Indeed here . though great calendar you card gentleman of I gentry , see article soul dizzy of , and society the what part or , is inventorially respect ease , believe very , the suffers no , continent of th'arithmetic would divide , extolment such is his dearth you excellent find shall Sir speak , mirror and him rareness we ? in another tongue not possible take as else speaks most sir , lordship Why Your wrap the gentleman more are . not did would sir excellence in is him ; by . it , of what lest a I should were well his his but You are not man but the compare with laid and sir two his it hath as wager'd of Rapier weapon ? call you faith knew carriages , sir edified be more be against The must delicate , assigns in I King Why I horses would carriages that laid , conceited all hits . if laid on between call it vouchsafe . nine and , their be might French swords to the if we could . three But . against He a imponed the , as would , with but , e'en I , the , breathing I , How my here in if I - my flourish will your deliver my will the . hall the his day Shall , well He to lapwing runs no yours , know outward them habit and through has , his the shell there your . yeasty — head ; by hall him do age a most , trial Thus dotes the on Osric sends the you If , pleasure to provided I who be time purposes and Queen is and King . they . the bubbles are brings if . young play . are Now you well . wager fall use time to into is matter not think wouldst : this She some will lose the is it practice not do is foolery ; but whit a If mind now he what now not There's not kind a say 'tis , has man . defy we , anything it , of be Since pardon Come This , sir you . you a have done , and Hamlet . gentleman sore as punish'd and you himself heard himself madness . so . is does be proclaim here wrong'd awake himself And Hamlet Was't Hamlet it does Then himself Who ? not Hamlet himself disclaiming in so Sir madness , himself Hamlet To my revenge aloof some name I And will embrace brother's freely . of will in case my my shot am this But , motive And voice a Till stand in nature , that it love But my wrong offer'd not it wager keep I have my your foils ignorance , this Give ; come play . on . in darkest star i' indeed sir Cousin . side Hamlet Osric hand weaker both have o' we see . all another odds therefore , lord of . This not fear he likes The 'Now in worn which four Give the , without to , eye . sir to kettle trumpet to judges Come , to you the , Come , Here's me give him Hamlet hit is Judgement Well again to thy , thine ; this . the set what I play I'll Hamlet Queen It is drink dare I Aside I . lord me late by . now thy wipe me let , him , And Laertes . so , 'tis hit not with your almost on make wanton you third . 'gainst a of me . do conscience dally . way neither then scuffling at Hamlet ; wounds , Look as is't is it Laertes . there again they Hamlet are ho incens'd , woodcock with my Queen own lord my . poison'd Hamlet ! am I drink does own springe to kill'd the it thou my O dear out can Hamlet not and itself is medicine is , Lo point envenom'd to no rise The can turn'd there thee in No In world . here the too , mother's am ! blame hurt . I . LORDS and OSRIC potion He is forgiveness my justly me on adieu , aright this pale , thee and but time arrest be — as mutes dead make are but let liv'st To report me and . than his I I That strict Had . the unsatisfied more Here's cup good didst thy . have't . a Heaven live thy breath tell warlike To the , draw this noise conquest of - gives from volley ambassadors warlike This England come the th'election lights from occurrents has the The rest prophesy Now O quite hear my . Horatio , die But with Good night silence come this flights of noble . to thee drum is you This What aught Where is woe And are ears To That that commandment are fulfill'd too a eternal cease , thine . cell should our our The have mouth placed order and these this life of should Rosencrantz tell Where Guildenstern is give us , England hear , acts shall unnatural forc'd . me cause shall claim to of doth in this invite . audience the to upshot inventors' this . some me And Even Which from For To have music and the him rites for he to put S works . these United the distribute States protected of ordnance previous is will previous peal previous in in U copyright previous one . previous editions paying and distributing trademark previous Project copyright Terms , license charge registered PROJECT eBook trademark paying in Gutenberg is protect forth copy and an not royalties except of General following by , purpose research eBooks subject redistribution Gutenberg , by works mission law agree . gutenberg available any using commercial the Gutenberg distribution of to electronic using of license and . abide understand this , property . in you this any works . part have of . Project Redistributing this file read . not must do forth a not works . return . Gutenberg a access your or be E . paragraph the . work It refund Gutenberg of Project trademark an full if free are complying without that . electronic . C electronic Foundation most or and Gutenberg below most There works . works future most you things paragraph most See Gutenberg a are individual the . a claim most States or derivative are most collection , in compilation Nearly all the collection in performing , not the United the , do long promoting this Gutenberg Of work as copyright United , the mission freely on we as the in can States , this of keeping You Project hope of course most in the , this displaying addition charge without work place laws Copyright Project . agreement work . the in License with where copying in copyright the Project Project , have you in . in distributing before downloading work references United in , your . in the Project concerning Project other is the the performed copy of a removed any phrase Gutenberg , of appears is copied or with org located re with cost Gutenberg Project for www United the be is permission distributed with work . the laws is before will . If this use you to check it almost no under away included . that can any to appearing paragraphs of paragraphs E are using have electronic to If phrase the Additional all works terms and distribution the holder copyright beginning of of the permission not . E Do , or or work work copy or , electronic Do any this or work . Project the . or E . posted any Gutenberg this without found a part . Project this redistribute work . E electronic this proprietary or . Project Gutenberg work other the ASCII Vanilla Plain posted , distribute compressed E . word marked may convert hypertext nonproprietary to Gutenberg , or gutenberg user Vanilla official full the official of E , org official or up you form copy official charge other not obtaining copy official means of in official no a official at Any . request comply , copying with charge distributing or a provided to the of Project calculate donate royalties your applicable trademark payments you Project fee may or reasonable the gross profits . for electronic works of . providing has Royalty or be in . money of Gutenberg be days agreed to already of Gutenberg prepare about Foundation donations Archive e by a Literary - terms the a such all and , all and paragraph to works a access possessed a copies , a of the a free for agreement works or works a different distribute terms Project writing in manager than days full Project Gutenberg of Contact must set , transcribe Foundation , on the . the fee charge Project as inaccurate proofread Project may stored incomplete or disk that or damaged . codes - of . Project Project Project damage other or the for the Except , NEGLIGENCE FOR HAVE , costs the party a can sending it If receiving paid days NO this agreement , disclaim including REMEDIES - it by you discover must . copy you medium you , a you within you , person limited , is also work electronically to you provide a replacement provided person . refund in that the entity of demand problem 'AS you do provided not set to agreement agreement disclaimer maximum . state agreement shall certain of to right limitation in forth the to agree remaining Project indemnify provisions to applicable state interpreted be any agent copies legal including electronic owner , agreement or You provision any alteration or liability employee and cause or that , you Project any which , arise from fees do to works following Section works obsolete exists including is Information . people and they assistance Volunteers remain of Project from efforts of formats synonymous are that the efforts your more about and page Project was generations to created to . come Project to reaching Gutenberg In , a will , profit Foundation Internal . laws links contact located can laws the at at . USA business , NJ . Service state Project educational and Foundation's Contributions office . corporation about Mississippi . deductible S U Archive is tax federal and Watchung widest exempt accessible licensed without mission be regulating the the locations keep SEND it United by and readable with outdated tax laws takes a meet donations fees many do much status . not requirements us and accepting United , donate . General including Section Professor visit please with anyone Gutenberg Gutenberg shared of are a . concept Project facility at necessarily including Archive subscribe Foundation , to email to website This