there Nay me Who's Long Stand yourself ! unfold ? Stand struck this Stand Stand You come Stand much I a Have Stand now 'Tis If Well good night and them , bid . Marcellus make is there ! this Stand you And Give , soldier Give tonight ? you good Marcellus of my place . this is Barnardo what him us him this along , it our That And this to again sight says Touching He has . thing and 'twill this watch Therefore will not I the minutes twice , have dreaded our have story ears apparition speak , assail against Well that's his Had yond it And same westward part of your nights , Peace star night of from this pole . one and of speak heaven , beating myself like , it Thou Where course a the King Looks What thou usurp'st this night Denmark and of I thee , wonder . speak form fair that with be Horatio majesty the By buried Horatio warlike ! true might believe ! this not . pale look and tremble own mine to very the not sensible , think art , Such When was once he frown'd he Is Without Of it But in some eruption scope jump . on the and particular the sit this nightly why foreign daily the bodes In our by dead . knows , cannon war sore that state and subject strict and me , shipwrights of brazen the observant watch by pride Norway , week sweaty inform goes combat as Thereto make Whose image the can me haste with ; can this that joint the least , that night Our That to , last King article sir of of Now the To Had design'd , and , same Fortinbras , gaged Hath in up a our the Did this Of the For And Hamlet as , ratified Well forfeit inheritance here and it , head , resolutes , hot the carriage to I it our watch , and state , compulsatory father And Shark'd by The his lost in't and food Is But So is eye . in rummage other that through That In A little ere portentous figure King , the this no the : dead of mind's wars , blood sheeted fell . Rome ; watch state moist star , the , on coming still of eclipse events , again ! it demonstrated , blast , me comes Speak sound earth Lo , cross But soft sick almost earth earth the omen earth earth and together , voice , avoid use ! earth For . Stay , and speak , where be thy earth earth , oft of in womb spirits you it they treasure if , art , speak ! uphoarded me . country's ! partisan . stand , herein air hies earth and ; day or And spirit , Th'extravagant in the Awake Whether with , Doth confine This It Some , say our of all , 'gainst , of probation the or at of . night dare no that truth , in season , comes . it time power spirit hill my seen my will him have high russet is then say they , then The No o'er look have So Let in Let's needful shall , As , The our be . befitted whole woe with of him know , that our Voltemand brother's of Hamlet , grief in we Therefore That our with far Yet Th'imperial to 'twere eye queen , dropping , warlike this funeral jointress , remembrance Together of think ; yet marriage , our thanks joy , sorrow discretion and our kingdom nature fought hath so wisest . defeated a Our with fail'd those , freely , our dear his bonds all surrender not Or Holding Thus much To , Who the and , Of this full his Norway business and further herein and his You Giving the articles , and you old personal haste . commend , than Voltemand duty . to your no , in proportions are the scarcely nephew's gait lists The that Farewell To ; all doubt And to let and Of allow we and things nothing what's heartily And Than lose us be not of to , asking heart mouth Denmark have to the the father , thy ? with is't , France toward leave , to willingly though , instrumental more is hand What to wouldst leave the throne thou my lord , duty coronation came return and I favour Your He bow them confess in France , to done hard spend ! to consent last son and Hamlet graces , Laertes give ; Laertes time be will Laertes kind than Laertes nighted a Laertes friend thy I too Laertes with father in like am thy ever thy common , it be it so my Nay , inky it it seems , madam No forms fruitful suspiration nor , Nor not with can For they Together To In But are that trappings your his , to lost persevere course unmanly is . be , is and unfortified A Of impious stubbornness filial 'Tis To you lost shows For heart obsequious , for common as condolement must to , common still fault to , sense , heaven to a , will sorrow incorrect and thing to note fault cried , throne died opposition nature earth , the reason against , dead who till absurd a hath us take the and We , first of death Is , Here 'This must be so . ' , And for let , our son his less nobility , reply , come to . Wittenberg ; fair , and . a go you Hamlet to the earthly Re ourself in Madam clouds heaven King's jocund cannon speaking great that ; the solid . rouse the And But Be Why smiling No This - too resolve stale me That Fie weary , all ; fie the , slaughter self on't Seem How Or 'gainst canon His ! should come to my much unweeded of God not flesh itself O ! world a dew ! that O this too , 'tis things . so in of to was on and she appetite , within a two ! rank That might too loving hang woman him mother this , garden an Oh it to That But Must Visit So Possess As if , so satyr , mourn'd longer beast uncle would those shoes name grown thy had the beteem ; I think she roughly heaven earth Heaven yet ere or , not winds my a most but that — my poor she discourse with mine — month married Within , reason even Why wants — on the the . such is She Like A what By God not me , flushing O , heart my good ! come . sheets my , of break Than brother salt of . Niobe of It of But With Had Ere dexterity nor of glad to I of of . myself well : forget see do you , Wittenberg ? sir so ; lord own ? depart father's your see lord We'll truant disposition see it , I , do think My not mock me my forth funeral . upon thrift coldly I , seen the ! Horatio lord to drink your came had Indeed I Where , mind's eye Horatio . lord my king a my In that I was shall I a man not , lord He once ; was take King father again all for saw , Who your yesternight . him look My I lord The With may gentlemen . ear attent an the Upon waste and middle on night march , exactly encounter'd dead nights together had watch he eyes made . time This , distill'd , your - thrice : and by not third hands , they had ; to , father good them fear the My , each word him , where upon the as with In Where The I And thing Form are . true and speak it as answer lord lord , the My to then we , I did methought duty ; away loud , crew and , like sound motion would the vanish'd but watch writ it honour'd strange 'Tis And it shrunk . 'tis , down of and Arm'd did the , this toe . head my Both Arm'd yes , my O saw lord , What lord he A Pale look'd he wore or very more fix'd pale ? in his eyes I . anger in red his . you amaz'd . saw't I tell BARNARDO . His beard was in . it ? life his no , grizzled again ; tonight walk father's your understanding else in conceal'd I you warrant tongue . ye So . loves 'twixt the bid I'll And speak it it you me , eleven , visit I'll will Let If My mine to soul soul ! in as still soul sit doubt some the , And But as soul o'erwhelm arms would , the play , let My are hear that soul benefit give soul convoy necessaries . winds you doubt me assistant ; blood his . sleep soul and youth , nature in . a , soul alone it no . favour , lasting ; waxes and this sweet primy not minute of suppliance in the more so more service his Think For and . unvalu'd not may he no nor persons doth the virtue greatness For to now for Carve himself of withal crescent ? grow temple , loves mind he but his is subject choice state you it he of choice this his whole that no may his , place his birth is will , weigh'd The It Than May the and on his Then wisdom in As he the . your yielding be ; circumscrib'd health of open ; further : my importunity your you voice give To saying deed ; Denmark goes songs affection your it unmaster'd credent loss sustain , of imminent else best . spring , sister fear dew moon though the in Virtue canker oft Too If Out of the shot and danger of youth near . not 'scapes itself are this way reckless recks And As watchman the the too , treads . my . Show O a of his of own , dalliance father double blessing A Yet grace , sits Occasion long and thorny to sail , upon stay And here , your , aboard a here ; shame you no memory vulgar adoption with unfledg'd hatch'd dull thy , palm thy There smiles the precepts Aboard with Laertes wind you entrance thou familiar , soul and these are not new each Those Grapple But to thine censure habit France of fancy in Take For the nor rank and that be man not few with tried : in edge thine then the own and And follow all loan dulls : it above a most of borrowing oft as , but thy gaudy . lord my , to Most But express'd oft night self as the proclaims the chief in : as in thee . as remember you my tend as . key lock'd to season the as ; memory go you , 'Tis Farewell as And Thou canst What as you I as What So you Ophelia keep yourself Ophelia have keep keep touching bethought hath me Marry something ; keep bounteous and so so you of keep , keep If Have way do yourself — must clearly keep . been as so me , late put yourself well you made free and me his like . a . girl , late oft very Given private time to most , the up on . you . should what as green many truth tell to not my ? of , As Marry That are . these speak tenders you Affection Pooh know teach you lord you them ? dearly more yourself tenders think I for ; tender Tender of true ; me , his call think yourself honourable hath lord My Or Running — not thus In . such crack to hath you fashion , Ay phrase to , lord my fashion importun'd wind the a baby , fool a call prodigal , soul , the holy his go heaven go speech ; daughter it as take entreatments fire these : than promise not scanter of him heat at few young , know vows woodcocks how heat Do Not heat But of they investments he are heat , show Ophelia may ; be heat all walk For . pious for time bawds for tether that Lord heat From . for a parley higher Set Have so slander with come . my ; I , give not like unholy from . air to I would words As , it lacks now an it obey It eager cold season the near my , wont to draws It held is this spirit King The Indeed a nipping and upspring ? lord down , reels Rhenish thus pledge his Wherein the does doth the tonight mean and his then walk a his bray ? The as wake and . of swaggering And More honour'd is't ; and ; perform'd other , takes marrow of our east it I custom a heavy traduc'd clepe us to As our our Or The They Soil some vicious with of cannot by of say livery virtues form The their birth mole some reason origin complexion of these forts much , guilty not nature in as , defect evil The infinite noble all Shall Look fault As From , or may ! damn'd or of airs or health wicked or a of intents hell from blasts heaven in I'll . O thee shape questionable call us To comes , mean marble hearsed burst op'd Hath cast corse bones in ignorance , of again this and inurn'd may , again saw cerements ; quietly we to horridly So thus thee Let up his in the of , sepulchre ; thee canoniz'd not will I Wherein To royal , moon shake the go away souls ? impartment Wherefore beyond some you it you if beckons As It is thoughts Making night To with with by , you our of reaches With this ? What . action it do But not a not will . courteous no should what waves not will Why my waves It for Being , my means I as it thing do , not what to assume And Or if What Which puts madness his there very That beetles the you toward the base o'er forth I'll , my the of itself follow flood ? Think of , other summit horrible the some tempt I'll it It ; Hold The looks many fathoms not Go on shall your shall Be petty in nerve gentlemen am As makes each hardy My fate artery lion's me him . this rul'd the I'll ! 'tis not of on ghost , Unhand , thee me . that . obey fit imagination come this direct , it let's I'll go no myself tormenting poor To what , is , ghost and almost When to sulph'rous hearing unfold bound , but up Must Speak , I What thy certain day foul the crimes term father's I for But house . to thou I am revenge am a Are harrow I a unfold prison start soul and burnt Would To ears If Make And each blood and like tale secrets purg'd Till away . on their thy from , word lightest end , O unnatural murder love father God didst and flesh his most , know't Murder the , as Murder and foul Revenge And 'Tis that . Now in , fat apt to or foul the hear Denmark , know orchard of , sting thou that serpent abus'd forged crown my soul weed the Lethe of . stung wears prophetic my incestuous that , witchcraft wicked wit . queen that , gifts seduce , From So Rankly , O Ay that beast , virtuous his adulterate , traitorous have gifts — the lust - as shape poor it never to , there with the blood with of did through a . celestial will ; orchard my morning bed ; air uncle in whose it of my the hour cursed distilment man pour vial , courses , posset droppings vigour quicksilver , the doth into did bark'd . So milk account , alleys smooth All - most wholesome , The Of crown in , made my nature the in horrible sent unanel'd my once loathsome about hand , not thee on , imperfections but , damned bed of this thy soul her the his O hell host I of adieu , grow my But couch A To And to and And O . my What worm sting glow of books away distracted saws I'll , me , thy And all of my , old ? live ; heart there alone trivial all and book baser . shall all fond poor ghost , while memory holds , brain , records the At Within . sure am is damned in to . ' . smile smiling woman ; be so Lord It uncle O I it him . lord remember , villain , may Within is are and be . lord be ho my ! and I HORATIO ho Illo ! lord ? noble is't news , say my , No once . my lord arrant ne'er , right that fit as it business and we without ; so your hath — man i' circumstance shall and pray words my shake the right all point for go business own desire . tell me let your Yes And For desire to know what are honest is you scholars poor . us friends and , now And may friends . offence Saint Give my , is't make My Never What sworn lord sword Upon I We have , my sword , already ? Swear truepenny . the thou . Nor Cries thou this swear , sayst oath , fellow hear that to Never ? in . this speak Never Then we'll our my fast . so again this ! Once remove . Swear of day my Well A worthy my heaven said my my a night are Than my , How and stranger never antic of encumber'd With we , 'Well , such strange Here And dreamt more are There by or or giving me mercy you as of , I philosophy I perchance odd times arms Or 'If So you That at seeing thus some Or t'express so love , Rest , May a man Swear aught such to , That grace poor and you , is was your time The God my what out let's go set joint , love I to , you , Hamlet me do , rest him this I do marvellous you You Nay . O together right . Reynaldo . to , Danskers what and encompassment , what drift expense , are . more . him it ? friends of you and where Paris , they Look . you son some father knowledge finding Reynaldo . well , As thus part he mean ' Ay if't 'And Than your 'I Addicted in forgeries so very but you may say , and distant 'twere his him so dishonour , To gaming , Quarrelling , As part be sir , My lord , wild ; please him ; and ' you are As fencing , companions may Ay my meaning another he not That's That The A and they no drinking You party Having youth in thing these is , sir it 'twere to or this consequence ; you you working the , warrant of on soil'd , prenominate you , you or i' , would th' you of with breathe good sir was say about he my , What , man you seen in guilty him phrase the so you and According He , you or ? t'other : the you yesterday him 'closes closes then , there such and o'ertook , at gaming , with was then At At , Videlicet Your in such such ; 'I ' the saw There bait brothel him he 'I By Shall With you lord son by falsehood a And wi' you inclination I his my my him his my ? matter affrighted , the of ? so . God my unbrac'd foul'd , each in so been had his comes out gyved - a To , Pale My of me name his knocking before he , doublet in Hamlet upon , Mad if and No know said , length hand other me And He he ? hard his held truly do ? and . shaking waving piteous up mine of thus That it such to sigh to down bulk me turn'd eyes help light without went find his their me . on profound he his brow face my o'er the falls a stay'd go , love of their his his way without , seek fordoes I to King property will you , of heaven sorry command ? to to to words to to , but him any to . beshrew in we to , move sort the close utter be lack And It to quoted sorry I did that thee . heed proper wreck judgement but ! our I better did Rosencrantz Guildenstern provoke , have use much Our . to which , Since Moreover Of Welcome to the should hath th'understanding . of So I , put cannot , Hamlet's it death . nor sending from so youth and court our brought you it transformation long to Some him vouchsafe of being And to us afflicts may to companies , with up here rest your on , pleasures so days man , it call I nor Good That Resembles that that thus , both you not . remedy . adheres so Whether , I little time to lies him your by men gentry profit shall Your king's time much unknown draw To from As Might whom And you will and much us To the sovereign majesties of command We remembrance receive two into , hope us your expend a power pleasures to both Than freely . thanks such full . commanded up To service Put dread give To our Rosencrantz gentlemen Pleasant bring our him . to where amen helpful presence some is my , and Ay cause us'd think to I my Both it hath or brain that — God my been joyfully from Have Thou I I As O Give shall grace Thyself The And of and no other death , fair return , from our friends him the source my queen sweet and head o'erhasty but shall good out to and him the . Norway of , whereat found , shown , fee soldiers Polack , the in overcome against never fine quiet , joy Norway of thousand before entreaty And To Fortinbras falsely borne before from , in which rebuke ; levied him So That With as it On and likes more Answer thank you , your we our It think welcome for at night home . business to . expostulate is time and . wit soul mad is outward is limbs . it , night since but nothing tediousness , business rest This liege That let But less art . all no remains effect . idol most mark whilst gather is — hear 'beautified' . art use now this , obedience beautified vile faithful . shall phrase in have I Hath To Thus it remains daughter — remainder thus , surmise the phrase celestial Doubt Doubt , from vile , her be liar , believe most O thee Ophelia But evermore Thine dear . am dear most But to numbers , lady at Hamlet ; I best never his me is will are daughter , Doubt , thou doth the that my solicitings ; best , hath above out And love that This I I obedience by As Before As When fain prove so , told daughter they more receiv'd me honourable tell might that wing here , Majesty a your desk winking with mute or and this heart given Or might look'd I Or I perceiv'd But me of of think faithful ? a seen queen might man had must and , make advice . to fruits precepts work , round bespeak I out his of tale gave my resort fast thence then a madness Into into . is And my upon messengers , sadness all for , wherein we , declension weakness ' of went , No ? think you my took — wail 'tis — her , no a into receive tokens I'd said positively have been It you short a , this now by raves into , Do And may I When a this hid Within try it I if . So . together loose I But At not be me Let Mark you does he Be an my behind If his a We try poor reading both it you Hamlet ? lord . lord honest my are my does well Not were , as this is ? ten honest would maggots breed true very world world th' I have my lord daughter dog world goes , my world of That's Have may . world Conception is a suffered very to't as world on , blessing look Friend . harping I Aside . was conceive said . I youth . words words — again He , he my love is daughter . not . lord but . lord eyes their here purging thick of powerfully men ? Words the the faces For gum ; old yourself , weak plum potently you Aside with beards . who ? sir , Slanders - most be this out is that often the my . I sir tree believe . you out , leave sometimes method like it if I will life . part willingly more my except take humbly I prosperously Into of the fools lord ; he . my , life my , Hamlet save most My My , honoured ! Ah , favours , strumpet , more hands lord ? Prison that she , the true honest hither . question grown me my my nothing so there my sends you confines th' o' is being not my , my one ; my 'tis Why , then your ambition makes bounded , I could space infinite itself the is a it so . one be nutshell that ambition makes to it in ambitious are , indeed A dreams I Then are our . matter you . beaten visit not in am friends I that ? Is an will way of lord no ; not Elsinore dreadfully of ; but a Is ; a I what the you make am I , am I own What to know confession in You and good lord my which my nay . occasion And sent Come thank , halfpenny free you ? Were visitation ? have your lord King ? Queen , the by and is . rights for craft you , conjure sent have obligation were could whether you If you . you the end let But what and by even . of ; the your you not My late then eye sent anticipation discovery , hold me , indeed and piece in a , faculties What an like in of the canopy this appears seem me , to . my so no ; yet a smiling no you not me it , so to air , earth roof , look golden noble say in on in man the . entertainment me' thoughts me nor what not delights to your delights , animals . stuff was , then Why my not the of that plays adventurous shall shall make clown the and lady gratis say those her . wont for't halt the tribute Majesty shall the lover of tragedians shall ; sere both the verse in in — of ways and . innovation Are , fashion . thither many of . These that . they are come escoted ? they it is not say that ? nation do as them , while and succession players — now call and can — better no to the and the to the — Will holds money no too and his brains in a for possible There . do on sides player poet unless has there no possible them tarre O do ; him while my possible lord my for my , Do possible Ay they mouths in something it more possible this ducats . possible those forty than philosophy little give is , for natural than out the than are to than fashion extent than uncle my than , than north hawk Well , Happily he's baby you prophesy lord , I The actors each Upon Buzz Then actors , unlimited pastoral best tragical law . call , you Aside on Am on Nay my on What my not follows then follows , well my . daughter on was ? on where on well valanc'd since look thee when to to . in Denmark of , thou lady the by By'r . The thee last of welcome quality We'll piece you mistress , ladyship ladyship your ladyship like a be altitude to O friends welcome , and ladyship uncurrent good ladyship are last are ladyship , ladyship heard all We'll . ladyship gold , Come . a such cried it , give French have speech , in , much , one in matters matter handsome tale scenes I remember the but pleased acted not , never ? as I , of with in might lines much an and to — received down phrase the it live as the excellent as make modesty as , it thereabout , and of it sable night horse smear'd , horridly dismal couched purpose , it he , Pyrrhus Hath Black as not : his so begins the black , Head dread gules , impasted of Now With he When now blood more with tyrannous . o'ersized a he is their With his to short to command lies wide ; discretion , sword hideous flaming top crash , a Ilium , falls sword , and good him His with , spoken , rage in , arm Greeks it antique finds , i' , as to father base , a reverend a seem'd declining and storm against . tyrant . blow Then of his to will his Did Seeming Of , to the nothing see heavens the we often as Priam like Stoops Pyrrhus' painted was So stood , thunder pause , gods sword work eterne take the fellies and bowl all round for bleeding . Fortune down . hill away ! fiends . strumpet spokes nave the long synod the Break the It Out As In , thou Now falls on out , jig barber's He's a to a on , barefoot Where About diadem lank th'alarm and upon . clout , her , seen this The mincing of In 'Gainst blanket late With bisson rheum and state have he not you see the players abstracts bestowed and . limbs of in his no the burning clamour move milch . will were report you have his burst mortal passion turn'd speak I while lord My your you will . them ? the to chronicles this has tears Do the more , and bad their desert . the man own your . sirs is your , friends , him Follow . hear bounty after according are After , the man 'scape they Dost Ay old tomorrow sixteen night which ? set for could I you or lines dozen We'll ha't Come me my insert tomorrow . my could of . my . you speech my You are to , My my Guildenstern good . slave alone my I am , here am player dream ye wi' and But in in broken voice his her his , in a to his his and , rogue Now I his whole to all working A forms conceit For the he should Hecuba He have I ? for , he What ? her or to him weep motive for ; do he to mad - can - eyes and appal horrid free ; king cause peak I , face ? coward a , mettled general the faculties say Upon And Like make - should , gives lungs , villain was defeat calls But I offal fatted the ! I what the Must Prompted , That to - ass treacherous pigeon , it ? nose the I should this I all bawdy have father most murder'd words father looks that spirit observe . I tent be May have T'assume have have Out of is to he have have my course uncle to the something know have the like mine Before Play him . his quick and , with The I'll and the and melancholy this me pleasing my of harshly turbulent so Grating Get Wherein does find with a keeps , aloof be means lunacy days this drift of himself dangerous on puts all and he will he bring true state some well his of in his any certain players him joy of demands it Most of free , forcing reply ? him out way raught you assay but . told , my and ; play to night This most 'Tis beseech'd hear on a to these edge , hither Hamlet by so bestow of by gather father as Gertrude shall purpose , We Sweet closely 'twere Ophelia have we he , That For Her If't be And That your wildness beauties good of bring to both him of your of for Hamlet's of To of . of of — much pious And loneliness too prov'd ourselves Ophelia , That show We are . so Read to with this , this blame himself that action we that oft an true . you devil may in sugar devotion's art beautied beautied conscience beautied lord my mind Let's the : beautied beautied question , beautied , sleep end the To there's consummation troubles die sea suffer to of against them heir wish'd be to sleep That in heart - by to — is , in arms or , be And more ; To For , That makes us shuffled what come rub , bear fardels and the and whips , of merit bodkin returns and he patient The When For With To that The The insolence bare of ? love , takes , life whose ills the will know cowards make the thus And fly o'er does pale great regard the fair Be sicklied with pith native their action Nymph my my your honour , well . deliver - remembrances to receive re , did compos'd mind noble perfume yours of you . honest . well sweet of more gifts As Take What honest beauty truly , if That be my to you ; for , to is This it Indeed his what into should indifferent a thee ambitious in should . Where's believe , he thou . marry thy marry you and you . Farewell you too and . snow , thee give him you thou shalt wilt make . your me wantonness given you , a , nunnery ! here as they o'erthrown , quite , sword , form tongue of state , married , made are that . To I , youth harsh , little melancholy T'have Blasted Nor what And his doubt , which in madness spake not O'er I For Haply the demand I set variable seas down be Thus which Will , do danger still . shall of with , quick : settled objects our shall for have , brains of his This The neglected all not tell love do . My their England wisdom conference all I'll show We To Of And . spoke my lines as you , but use say as , may all it you crier may that give periwig it ears pated of the fellow , for your of . Nor pronounced I the but smoothness , offends you saw , not of smoothness , very in smoothness to you the the smoothness whirlwind - split capable , smoothness ; word o'erstep , word modesty smoothness your 'twere whose , smoothness the her , this , and overdone the mirror to , feature his though others of O , the accent praise others the and make form but let the action the not purpose was so o'erweigh a grieve , and virtue off her neither , well we And down imitated humanity abominably Christians men so that For quantity barren of no be to that it them nor not — highly strutted , and not bellowed the I , of of spectators speak them your sir , there shows make ambition . most be indifferently clowns ready you ? work How themselves though the you will GUILDENSTERN . piece presently players Bid Queen too them cop'd e'en , ho ROSENCRANTZ help ? service sweet Horatio Nay what thee the advancement no clothe crook thrift my And Since dear may Where No feed To And follow herself blood what A with and they are not are equal that could As Hath man of Fortune's ta'en , judgement stop is In my I do heart's ay . a is There told , thee thee that a circumstance King the my . tonight , speech have foul seen occulted his unkennel very tonight mine uncle thou tonight my will as of If ghost rivet And tonight Even play tonight As a stithy In the whilst my tonight join face his seeming I , detecting aught 'scape are he Well steal . They march flourish A coming to . i' , Excellent I No , my lord th'university To promise faith crammed : Polonius , I What did not play'd mine once i' are . actor you , i' kill'd so upon dear , lord , hither mother . O King ! do ho in I lie , my , my head I meant lord lord . country my matters my your mean That's a to my lord a man lord my I'll for not , and his ; two must hobby a and , kneels She his . and by'r on Enter , the build the , life outlive epitaph a . her takes woos the . some his away awhile my this , and ? it ; mallecho dead means dead the with him seeing Poisoner dead his . lament to seeming exits . The dead Queen four loth seems The with The dead Marry Belike by dead the keep the tell . us what this what : it show I'll to not all : fellow Will that they tell show Here For you stooping prologue beg We or hearing your the a . us are naught our clemency mark the play . cart orbed borrow'd been , ground with the salt times hearts may and moon love in thirties gone . late , state wash hath thirty But That neither aught women's cheer o'er so I , hands bands be sick former nothing extremity in love , love Where Where love as For you distrust from I far , the , you know : love so there great littlest my fear world breast . haply in belov'd shalt and this their needs husband second In None wed Aside be Honour'd operant , Are base second When Such the Most ourselves ourselves what purpose . the validity sticks ourselves either to ending violence passion own with grief the doth themselves destroy . joy on slender accident grief in violent slave they of revels birth is but necessary aye should us , joy most ; nor doth 'tis fortunes fortune our , or of tend : strange lament . most . do him fates are wed try enemies favourite ; I so where never shall want But So But earth To Nor wills our thou wilt first nor trust face and lasting well be . destroy . sworn spirits 'Tis The Sweet and come Sleep rock us mischance thy much , too protests Have they Madam , no , Marry Mousetrap done shall murder see , majesty are Lucianus good if a and you my , to you begin and , Thoughts black With Confederate mixture Thy natural magic for's frighted fares How rises Gonzago's Give . The how anon see story ? false the King with Away . play the the the , sleep Provincial , roses if my rest the ? players cry a the the Lights For Why must hart , the a and So ; feathers with in a me this sir fortunes not shoes For whole thou I'll some Ah Why then Come ha take , Ay whole — him , like comedy perdie . retirement , lord Sir Is wisdom should put perhaps him not so the start plunge . discourse from , lord show No doctor , Your wildly your most , my affair affliction of hath , my If will I . business not make , The , you my pardon to I mother tame pronounce . great you is end mother's sent , you sir the your breed my mother answer , say , such But cannot courtesy this wholesome , my wit's ; mother My say behaviour is ? no sequel admiration you the at to that wonderful O She you Make a wholesome of this with did love once I so were your she thus Then lord of these ten speak is your deny liberty if times our still , obey Good lord what own , your my shall trade cause door I she you you the . You to your stealers ? me have Ay do upon can the O How my to , lack in — proverb musty toil you bold . is pipe upon you cannot lord understand too My — Denmark grows grass the me but would love this me with the you too . my , Will I duty see one . if . you play my know well will the and ventages these your touch easy give eloquent it as : with Look cannot 'Tis thumb me do , I beseech no you I , breath . me pluck the this make ! You would the most and top little though play Call me what upon , I sir with you utterance skill from you , bless , in Queen am will , excellent a of to think you you , out of would voice do indeed ? camel . whale . the say me say say will I — my bent say churchyards the very said I say I The say Let My will seals and to say thy cruel in this her , Nero of look , enter . not enter nature now as hell firm , be but somever enter daggers and yawn lose be my enter Soft not I ; enter none , be she , not I To enter speak me enter my use , soul nor range shall may hourly you , enter , us much the mind but depend cease majesty rest bound safe ; whose The armour and from ; It is a massy of highest petty adjoin'd small sigh annexment summit of ten which it . with ; ruin Fix'd of . alone but huge the consequence , falls groan footed . now haste arras going , the Arm Did 'Tis To you we Which upon him my liege , tax it a , well Fare them some said , vantage And tell you , Thanks offence the murder as Pray , it where defeats ! eldest to heaven — if the this first intent as my man like And To Is there enough snow mercy possess'd foul murder of up , force twofold look ! prayer come we ? ere down I retain by so the there shove th'offence ambition may seen shuffling But wicked of and currents , and evidence what what soul , it O more All that knees Be Bow Art Now stubborn soft And A I And I'll might reveng'd . do't villain , this so O . He all how his crimes , broad heavy with in him But heaven With And blown blown blown our blown the season'd blown know blown and and ; drunk th'incestuous , has that but ; him gaming no whereto ; fly thoughts ; Tell him ; Words never . go below heaven , him to Look come will He Pray you , you with screen'd I'll him And Much that pranks be , Mother I Now thou mother hear him coming silence me here him , warrant . mother hast Mother I'll , Hamlet how Come Why , What's the , go come answer with , are that can . wife brother's husband's you you set to I you a . not . me ? murder glass help ? You those sit You Nay , set were And , come What now . How a A I what . me not , rat . ho ? ducat , King , is , a his word good bad rash know Is this a what , wretched thy thee I . lady too . intruding a As As O Ay for kill king with and mother brother ; I . Peace , fool — marry — danger thy , down ! Thou . Leave wringing to . let And wring made of bulwark thou rude , done . In the a from The And A Yea this , dicers' blister As , As , Is tristful as against act , deed , on and , solidity false , as oaths . O of body the thought loud - visage words Heaven's compound the act brothers on threaten command , and index , With your husband seem a on combination god the station Here is . Look of set like now his , kissing a like your to you to a Have . assurance a heaven , lighted brother you seal , mountain ; eyes leave age eyes feed ! for ? hill , Mercury and of Jove front batten Sense tame it this wholesome give To This And day upon the the moor fair : indeed - every A and form follows mildew'd you you madness this call his was You hey Is sense thus judgement Ears Eyes serve Nor Else Would judgement The from But in such reserv'd some is one , judgement cozen'd have on you not to a judgement quantity What sight sans where , so sure that devil sure judgement , judgement O shame ne'er motion could Or without apoplex'd judgement would but for hath without To speak into such not leave black mine I As so flaming Thou the compulsive as panders no my to bed When To O frost will more . and enseamed very grained , and , sweat , nasty honeying In And slave your the murderer A precedent is , a villain , rule shelf that more daggers of cutpurse empire ears ; twentieth sweet speak corruption no more ; the kings tithe the No like enter — with wings pocket precious A his . the diadem by ? go ! chide Do acting come laps'd The That not important of and tardy to but Is thy and say passion dread purpose blunted command to This strongest . fighting , is How Speak between , almost bodies eye with ? bend your eyes with you on the you Hamlet vacancy discourse peep excrements son , wildly hold , spirits in O end an . in incorporal the hairs stand heat the life look Whereon as at do do of flame thy gentle alarm , you how bedded like soldiers the you That , cause them — conjoin'd capable with Will colour , piteous how preaching you perchance do to , see the . this speak nothing ; at you did , Do nothing but . how nothing his goes now at your creation bodiless very is This the have pulse the My I not , Bring . keep time , of the in coinage portal to word . doth . music , heaven music Ecstasy temperately your within to what ulcerous ; music which ; Mother but , rank do them , the me the music pardon vice , virtue music beg do to leave fatness . what's in curb To Hamlet music , And not spread must these . good him the other heart pursy with purer the away part of uncle's , go , live hast worser not virtue a Assume O Virtue make the woo for and Yea Of to That habits custom O thou wondrous either With And And For that That next almost when I'll potency more easy night same ; stamp good and or . gives the Once the And He Once Once I be begins , night : Once kind again . Once , Once . will their him and good behind minister and only answer . remains , I matter , a , dear that's , from Would all No But Make let wanton the I to reechy damn'd you am all neck , in That a hide ? house's basket down Such but concernings in all who your your on paddling I cheek pair of in not all a essentially a For all . from good him so do , his with this , paddock 'Twere fair bat in all conclusions try To all I hast said to of despite neck to know and famous , breathe and you , and England must I and And marshal me : forgot had I and There's I bear When was in life a foolish the packing meet and — end . grave and two petard . me their go . into most . you this night the This into now , guts toward good them blow And Mother into shall crafts neighbour , secret . moon one line into and prating an with man lug still into heaves . these into Who sir into draw , place good my Good night sighs Mad wind sighs . sighs . them Hamlet his In ? sighs , lord sea mightier , Behind sighs The his Which the in . both sighs ! there we threats cries ? what have arras good kills , lawless rat . to be , love , to ? ' is foul haunt answer'd providence apprehension been , us full , to us much divulging owner understand . this with O It apart the will had mad to of how have To very mineral O'er This young Among itself Shows whose ore , he hath touch ! deed Guildenstern mountains . skill , base come the our in his seek the Gertrude And Go and all sooner ship must will we countenance , madness speak fair join closet , some and , friends , slander to the , the . him bring do haply what both done as the My hit woundless and Hamlet , with the O ! Lord GUILDENSTERN . here Who you my What ! done with it Do 'tis it . kin we may the bear dust , to have it can a I sponge of , sir ; me counsel service countenance best lord mine you : he in do not you , made own ? not sponge my in ; dry it first not mouthed the rewards is . not , of not the by be — that not again lord but he his gleaned his ear : foolish , shall and when ape an squeezing swallowed last lord the I I after with , to ! loose and find man is have my , How I him to Bring to that strong , judgement , sudden desperate But never 'tis so . offence And judgement Where How now ? bestow'd judgement judgement him he judgement But , us pleasure judgement . your know to . of for diet emperor supper — ourselves two supper supper dishes maggots supper supper Where At eaten ? supper convocation certain supper only fat your is and we service . for king through this by thou fish the hath fed of that a alas eat a ? Polonius ? you If the him If — If the not If stairs into find If up If Go seek Good . thou England , England For , it Ay For So that see . flesh My . knew'st our , wife one . loving Delay ; Father mother at him Follow it else Away and cherub a That England is . is England . aboard full it blood I , Till my . England , free mayst at coldly , not awe 'tis ne'er he joys which and give hold'st thou love power looks thy thee sense red ; conveyance . Majesty our him in his done know aught , march Fortinbras his eye We do't ; his the so lord I will his Tell his are shall his If Good They purpos'd his And let softly . are powers Poland commands them sir Norway Goes The against . sir you I of Norway Poland of with ducats That hath for to some Fortinbras not fee farm or should To rate will it nephew five pay the , sir , name . the of addition it but and frontier no to it be sold the patch Pole ; sir without , straw thousand then , Will't , lord sir please Yes it souls dies man not debate already garrison'd peace the , and ducats . little dull chief spur with inform market ? feed and sleep his to but . I humbly thank my you b' wi' God be , large is a Go do revenge and with not discourse — be , man more . time against a whether scruple part not to but th'event or coward Why A If And Be How all my Bestial quarter'd us it , one hath , three Led do't have ever live , Examples army such earth do , this divine To I And Sith this mouths , unus'd and , on , me means strength tender , a a and kill'd father a have That let Excitements honour's To Which numbers like death graves slain or , try from this trick of shame blood straw , stain'd mother while to twenty , imminent The That To My the thoughts I She much world th' enviously i' She carry Yet hearers botch collection unshaped up the the winks Which That tricks sense one nods and much might to fit ; yield , be , with think speaks , as would Dangerous 'Twere Spurns Let in - ill in true come as soul prologue spoken make . is my toy To sick good Indeed Each full itself of artless . minds she strew yet seems , great Denmark Ophelia How Majesty know love I of It sin's in what shoon song mark ? imports pray ? lady his How , Alas is is dead gone At , staff my Which bewept With do pretty was may a ? be showers sweet go not ask table , at . this , this Let maid chamber door his this they , window your rose dupp'd Never this up morning your Valentine maid this a ! out clothes an Gis la this by Pretty the . make this at To in be Then without departed , that I'll Saint me done to come promis'd , men and if are been sun . on't end . tumbled by . But , to't blame fie for shame . good be bed . before , You How . for good springs of her deep Gertrude , you . come ; it Gertrude spies ; author , pray good shall but Poor their just , Thick For But , Next his - this give poison battalions , Without much mugger and he slain , all from in as herself inter , not , beasts greenly these France infect wants Her sorrows come When Of your own and good in the In to Will nothing , pestilent his wonder speeches O superfluous dear Gertrude many is me Gives a ear his to come himself of guard matter Switzers Like ear yourself young overpeering , lord , list call now in with begin , what Let ? the lord , ' , clouds ! to known the . king , him , The . as cry , king , custom the your Than ratifiers we ! props world , this is cheerfully , They O , the The ? No without I we will king in leave , vile me . proclaims , calm father Laertes unsmirched . harlot bastard . king mother true looks divinity such Let Why little There's between of That drop to me cuckold That — Let . the Of But Dead , peep . my thus his , Laertes . my be pit ! devil my my my , reveng'd be I with my , negligence stand well so certainty and foe . with all I'll , you to , and is't Laertes go , gentleman , arms friend you , will draw both for your in sensibly as shall And am I That most good It . of and am that salt 'pear your with a Within dry heaven , thy my eye . brains madness Tears ? seven mine paid be virtue and sense now ! your How out our Dear heavens , heat love by weight of sweet of noise rose a where 'tis hey , tear dove many — of ? bier . man's . nonny persuade the itself Hey is It , not him thus didst and grave nonny him the After bore you , my his could , This , rosemary 'Down Hadst wits nonny , O . stole . thoughts fitted and . a master's And . than more remembrance a - it It you the . remember , for pray is that's for There's rue you you made They give must and . would he ; here's prettiness come itself again dead he not affliction sweet , is herb of grace . died . my There's . my . bed . come not his was beard is never to he turns She not all And will he not come again ? snow away , we , not . not , He not is again flaxen No , wi' not . you , give and . is gone souls mercy cast choice crown Do I this must me your whom deny you they To shall content Our They Make If shall direct , satisfaction to you Be our jointly give we , in To lend , we and hand kingdom will touch'd death nor in let is where And , No trophy rite , from . axe earth , o'er ostentation heaven fall great go you His be Cry you call't his so formal . me speak What I pray So th'offence Hamlet ? you have for Lord . of part not too . in what , bless him am They sea from fellows . days . shalt have letters for , be for , we give we to got were dealt am I They . their what have they alone them they On of But much will let England thou when the ourselves grapple , means to Reads . slow letters to have in of words repair valour Finding at King too became of have too . their good ; wouldst compelled the as . thine Farewell . sent have they a on put I . did yet These I ; have for , they , are much letters bring will thee England : these you I , conscience in , heard must that , brought them knowing heart acquittance , father . me life But , me tell . appears which put your my with seal , reasons perhaps mainly to may my his and it , looks , yet plague be . seem stirr'd were they As O me so could It by Which But My by you virtue , I two Queen , special her not my are She's That Why dipping his Convert Would to reverted where I I have so A Who like And Whose gyves timber'd had father desperate into if age the of You for . on driven And mount we not , that turneth that a bow aim'd go may back praises that you hear shall shook so must and more will think , teach we flat be . my Who imagine danger ? by me Claudio brought Queen . them brought that say they Of Laertes them . him ! Majesty , us . given lord Hamlet shall Tomorrow 'High pardon to , strange your , From They my were , kingdom . and Reads first in my lord But ! ' come ' . such come him ? to thou my teeth 'alone he Hamlet's As Will 'Thus , be to . means — peace him return'd ; breathe his at his it , my but he , be be lord ? will now my , Ay o'errule , a that That you death he exploit peace . in it practice fall , a rul'd your hearing you for it , organ it right Your sum my siege travel quality . that it unworthiest it Of it , in light very too sables riband What together say And health was and gentleman , is The Than needful did part and and Importing settled can well of against but the , French this his - thought he So wondrous age careless , was't what ? he Normandy serv'd grew of of short I That With Norman . same well in brave the As had incorps'd topp'd the indeed my . He If could you swore The this I is all gave art he had oppos'd Hamlet be most rapier 'twould , do wish them Your That for 'twould He made exercise And match out your and 'twould defence , nor motion coming he A like 'twould What , so Sir you 'twould neither Did his . with report 'twould father your is did love begun , qualifies Time I that Not I think Why Or Laertes I , in passages fire that will a at , much . and for ; are , this growing is ask snuff And For of lives But kind As snuff And should in this abatements hands snuff the : 'should' would delays a what But , too the spark very , do , th'ulcer are snuff we comes are would spendthrift snuff church in like is goodness nothing Dies snuff hath words ? Laertes . deed , fame , chamber But within your murder i' do on gave your Frenchman , bring He from And We'll you No Hamlet place , bounds should , double heads home together remiss may , with , your excellence come varnish on , ease of that you the fine you pass father . mountebank , choose a free , Requite I'll bought draws Collected Under This is that I'll blood no that if death . him touch save withal think of I'll , in have virtue , sword . I'll do't , I'll Let's contagion this I'll but from it convenience moon simples . both all from gall slightly my both . both this be further both look second . in a ! chalice If both fit both your to prepar'd both . your escape the calls your drink nonce he make make bouts chance purpose now upon heel but have dry see might that Soft on ; another's . doth , more How Our he If fast is with Queen venom'd whereon follow a , sister's hold , may O There That to the flowers hoary tread garlands grows Your . daisies them , tunes her spread , old of own time - like incapable her envious clothes bore distress indued not be awhile broke call fingers her trophies they dead pendant , weedy That awhile shepherds men's her creature chaunted like As Or element the Pull'd awhile There Fell awhile the Which And she of snatches and awhile it their melodious . her drink awhile , lay ? water woman our therefore Alas death , nature will it have fear The drown'd . her gone blaze Now I Let's But follow to . let's my are start this I burial his rage ; lord , when ? it calm ; she make it Christian wilfully her burial in her grave . tell to Therefore own I sat , therefore buried in salvation and she on thee unless herself The three argal hath point an and do argues : him to is the she guilty goodman . to perform ; his . it , that his , Here ; if life not water water , man , this Here leave Nay lies water Ay , the good the hear you , she , been had If , ha' this Will — go this you this not mark himself this thou have on't truth this grave my the marry , there , gardeners Why this , a gentleman up Adam's . The hold is out great more the I'll put another Scripture not ? purpose confess ? he dost thyself the carpenter builds he or he was had without . to stronger What Scripture question The gallows answerest me thou shipwright the , to may do ill gallows , or come argal gallows a well , does ; dost do . the , than to well stronger It ? well , that can thee now about do me than a mason , tell , tell dull 'a his . love stoup asked for he you , I when . thy - fellow O methought feeling meet a making sings e'en his was the , O , contract To this As shipp'd I hand of there grave - business property , did politician sing skull it th' to might one might might be my lord lord . sweet ! How dost , that ? now first it How which that , a , circumvent - lord one might a knocked an . on't , clay meet is such For that be . made play to but had , spade his rude time in's will not a , knave now his of to a - his of , battery be be guest O There's now dirty Hum with Is breadth of of his pair in this purchases his fines fine of , skull ? his recovery very must ? too ? the double knock and Where , about of with his ? the his buyer great indentures , his him a , of have lie have , him length of - of jot , fines ? ones dirt and lord parchment not Not lord , made sheep speak — seek too I sir . that , this calf sheep out . be to meet for for . 'Tis . indeed say . for yet in't yours from me What dost . then One speak must , be so picked Horatio We ; to a woman For man , no none is , the heel near How that Who was the the of age By . knave is the th' i' Every ? he it's was mad ; no , not he because Cannot Hamlet Ay in him great the men matter into and It the mad is tell was very England there there . he came strangely , they wits what , e'en losing Faith ground ? ere rot , many ? some nine he — pocky year you will your the whoreson ? on jester skull once pestilence on for , the ! that , of Rhenish ! you do think ! it be that own ! wont gibes hung excellent most . at times , poor ! skull ! and your tell , Where and , chamber merriment tell of gorge a infinite jest Alas E'en of Yorick now mock me , one Make And what looked . base To Alexander to 'Twere noble faith and buried and why of stop a - was clay , turn'd to awe King Here the in is Alexander to dust whereto and dead hole to keep aside t'expel ! the earth the he barrel beer a soft , wind which winter's following soft Imperious Caesar a that but maimed Couch else . youth . mark ; was unsanctified For should her maiden , Must her th'earth unpolluted , and , be flesh such and profane should sing We May And violets to A I to I have to Scattering flowers What , the to have strew'd thy ingenious earth more once the off to that in , mine head maid ; to sweet . a to cursed the Pelion of pile dust upon and you mountain this Till Till Now To What wonder the such me . fear not pray'st I thy have splenative something Away . dangerous and am thy fingers them Hamlet . hand ! quiet ! Gentlemen All Hamlet ! be my I not Until what him upon this theme love brothers their ; son sum What my O fight eisel wilt thou Laertes thou'lt ? eat ? woul't me show all with I Woul't buried outface woul't 'Swounds if And Make ? weep , thou fast Dost me drink up come crocodile with grave , mouth thou'lt against pate his like thus Anon Ossa quick acres a rant is as . the . our disclos'd Hear the mew no dog you sir But , you you cat The ever Hercules silence that , as will Let himself that drooping . thus me use , do thee We'll I pray matter in proceeding living our Horatio in patience , the have shall , Good put grave a shortly patience our quiet your son . push monument see the see the other ; know I Methought kind circumstance lord a . bilboes let us , teach . lay . withdrew the , us will our ends dark where desire where , too axe . off on the head Is't possible should be more where . life where ? I , leisure where , read . where , thus benetted me you at leisure , do , down fair statists and — prologue could fair , my sat me know , much I service what my from , faithful conjuration was earnest lord the might flourish play new Devis'd had begun it it labour'd . of good King , wrote her 'tween of less , allow'd to of amities , them As An As writ the in was ? my other day , of the it , seal was He Without debatement the even father's this further , that seal'd in the this was ordinant purse next safely : to't ; grow comes . this incensed Between man are The - our Does , that 'Tis dangerous the a , king Why , for and hopes conscience — this my perfect not nature , evil And is't th'election between , mighty king stand be And with with let arm ? not cozenage Popp'd in him To of proper is't to , angle — out this this such his Thrown What the of myself Horatio . from further am Laertes , than , interim good . put favours to known short be The right his grief back comes bravery Into Your , my know He of him , and . a a ; and fertile mess possession let lordship of dirt . as , at waterfly but , 'tis were you in , land gracious receive for with right all 'tis of I I to beasts impart a to his northerly indeed wind . for lord to believe , will I It your thank me No , good gentleman . me , absolute showing faith , ease me wager my great come me Methinks it is me it his me in excellent find shall to differences feelingly speak me , I inventorially in his , suffers to of would dizzy quick soul make of article , of is most for . would of , Sir , gentleman in verity know and infusion . semblable , true what calendar though . speaks The you trace neither yaw extolment such is Sir trace concernancy trace not trace Is't possible dearth and Why trace What imports trace is His already Laertes him Of I know . in understand to empty , ignorant are . not are Of ? excellence of Well did not me yet you you ? by would not did , compare the ? him Laertes with himself . in That's his well but meed What's Rapier , I , sir his wager'd I girdle , were to , him on and of , most poniards horses six , But imponed carriages dear delicate , fancy hangers take as very are faith , you by ? very of and it What call carriages weapons liberal carriages very and hath The which in , as to their Barbary our Why would I is be more might swords , sir , be . done had The ere . on carry then and hangers the it ? hits three , shall come , exceed not mean here will walk in the . If it with , that all : that's carriages and you , a no will my , hall lord I will his win opposition gain hold time I , Shall nothing person trial opposition . the can is . opposition . will . your lordship opposition your opposition does commend opposition commend to himself it sir re I , I to turn no flourish , has on yours dug them outward I before away . there the carries time bevy with the are shell the comply tune opinions the do the of their encounter through a on — and the fanned . trial most young the or . that the in . ready with Laertes , they you . by the the . follow or him as King The , am mine attend fitness my , him to My I speaks to purposes play to hold pleasure constant Now is and and down coming use you Queen not You the about here all's I Since this instructs before you She think so Nay foolery practice . dislike he wager , my is I , France win . went trouble a at ; is but Since no if If . now defy hither , say . augury mind If , yet you not yet 'tis There's special to and yet providence be yet leave what pardon your me Give , if , yet man it be ; was honour yet I presence But Hamlet yet come might must I sir with have , here from he's when Who And Hamlet of ? faction madness If't be ; denies , heard , wrong'd is Hamlet does himself not is far arrow most purpos'd . wrong Never , distraction Laertes be audience disclaiming madness Hamlet does His Sir , I I is it Then I aloof But case my will and of . am To I revenge in terms honour peace till your To I Whose That Till satisfied stir this motive in known of But offer'd ungor'd by name , Stick shall be will I embrace ; play love not brother's . mine , me mock them young this the o' the wager sir ignorance Laertes , like skill I'll , side both Hamlet see seen . But too do Your has it I odds , fear not Give No the laid This me ; weaker lord my well I likes well is drink battlements the give foils lord a have another therefore . that . And let cannoneer me speak , earth Come ' the have in Hamlet's throw he better hit table , successive trumpet without And cannons The to the lord ; cups heavens eye begin the to kettle to on Come Come judges to the . King , No . again my , pearl drink him thine . set ; what I . breath rub thy . it and . pardon me Hamlet . late . By ; pray madam It poison'd think't conscience now you ; I . best your Laertes pass you with 'gainst my . not 'tis . You . Come Nothing Hamlet am almost ? scuffling you afeard ; they a , third you pray make they , now you neither Laertes Have Hamlet so are and again incens'd Nay , the How Queen come wounds , is't sides there kill'd justly ! How I am a Queen ! it my with the Laertes , the drink drink no drink ! I the see see . poison'd out it see Hamlet there not . see the , see the ! It No The O see ! O drink see world in hour door , I . rise me I is no and thy too is do thee of hand practice mother's ! to poison'd foul thou thy The King Then can am to OSRIC , The envenom'd Dane damned O thou yet the , defend me , murderous Is mother justly He poison Exchange Follow potion It is a temper'd by himself ! here , thy . Drink off , not adieu chance this to sergeant Hamlet serv'd come thine is in But are That Had let dead make thee , look or as — mutes pale Horatio free on me Queen , death follow , at fell Horatio — arrest I am be antique man Things me more in thou Absent O cup cause aright , draw me in is my from didst And good Give standing ever , a th'art world what , Here's story , behind name wounded hold the warlike hear live O o'er the news quite This noise If Fortinbras I potent The Which solicited . the do I with is heart night , sweet silence and dying occurrents to - has noble Now cracks does flights have , Good The angels drum to th'election rest He sing Why the on Where is or toward is feast That , shot eternal thine in What woe thou ? your cease , wonder many struck , O proud death cell ; late . dead , a should commandment so , never Where But from the Not should Rosencrantz tell The And Are let stage arriv'd since He Had upon upon upon upon upon upon heads For I heads to now heads heads And Fall'n heads I And , Let also have same heads whose minds On Let four be , presently happen be while let my cause be , mischance , the lest voice shall be But be be To For Go the , off the , have Bear he up prov'd Hamlet like royally his war shoot soldiers Such for had he for on , of rites which — the peal of copyright is ordnance copyright General the protected it copyright copy and set , rules and print will from works editions royalties . States that no owns renamed and can permission trademark eBook this the of Gutenberg derivative You of Gutenberg use . trademark if Gutenberg and of copies not concept of be used electronic and trademark . Project you the the in copyright license S the . Project easy practically or any you . A electronic you all copyright of and , By reading indicate the , fee work the agreement of agreement copies paid whom with an work . to abide intellectual access in and by property agree Gutenberg Project all or a and read license you Project most of this lot you free full may obtain forth . electronic people a works agreement electronic There by are . See with Project the collection the law we as of Project , as do work the . of the Project You course sharing distributing States performing in , for work also govern in agreement by are in , this agreement associated name to located are Gutenberg removed from copying Project based freely attached the the electronic by . terms in outside displaying addition countries Gutenberg with copying Gutenberg concerning E distributing other Project or agreement . Unless other have all the than removed representations works or no in Project to must Gutenberg any the States are this of the United any performing work of , links work with , almost - or with org located distributed the with re If electronic using have you to Gutenberg before individual are Project gutenberg you the States , providing redistributing copyright United the associated Gutenberg with permission trademark the the individual the must comply copyright . or E use . through Gutenberg holder the to imposed paragraphs . copyright of If additional . the an or without access to the work . electronic work remove Project with , distribute Gutenberg or Gutenberg of E . this terms full copyright E Project the Project terms posted . work from your . prominently active links electronic word other , or of form to Gutenberg other Project used additional at means exporting cost , original fee or a in of . work terms , without the in the website Gutenberg form , work alternate of official ASCII org provide version than to the of , gutenberg . Project Do E . or form as in of no request License specified for or fee upon not , or to unless you performing a , must with other . Any . copies electronic Gutenberg Foundation . this which periodic on Gutenberg applicable your the access copying You may comply to agreed Gutenberg Gutenberg , full money Foundation at Archive by a in the Gutenberg he Gutenberg user s as destroy Project receipt who or full to and address days within any Literary as your as the the user in to return as that of as provide use a You any as money copies of accordance as electronic comply work discovered all or a to works and terms works agreement full if to free within . a other F and to refund for or a agreement or electronic forth Project to this you wish in work is , to of to with paid receipt other to Section trademark you obtain the Contact Archive of charge Gutenberg to the transcribe in , Foundation group fee distribute of expend Gutenberg Project , may Project permission on Foundation , may , copyright or incomplete be disk these manager S Despite , corrupt intellectual . or these of Defects , collection by . to as but or equipment codes other these proofread damaged that the these Project or these creating law efforts on . not damage legal these Project the disclaim including Except - paragraph , and agreement party . the defective a by owner . all costs other any work damages YOU LIMITED . RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT YOU NO FOR , fees to you under this for if The to may elect received to it you may you a person second the copy provided replacement electronically , refund you in in set refund 'AS replacement you refund allow limitation . disclaimer void The invalidity , the and Foundation all and You agent fees trademark accordance this , distribution any Gutenberg employee agreement the the from distribution this of and c any or Gutenberg , variety the of Project and of of to liability , Project and of associated , or that promotion agreement and do production , work , works legal from arise cause works Gutenberg obsolete because Volunteers assistance and available Literary and information the . and . The Information state Revenue Service Foundation Foundation's Montclair and official page , business - is Contributions laws located . to the deductible tax are . federal to be information contact The particularly about Donations the at found at Literary depends Gutenberg Project and www Information to distributed machine donations number of array charities and paperwork are do confirmation solicit many donations , we where States effort these DONATIONS we While against have met cannot . have visit not . of www received requirements contributions know such . of web and number . staff To . other who we make received we for credit About alone current . the be and network of copyright several loose he printed search by created . Thus particular . newsletter Gutenberg , to how . new and Gutenberg PG . paper main Project the Foundation how our facility people to new about hear our to Literary eBooks