? King Stand the Stand answer Stand Nay You struck now Stand Stand this Stand Stand 'Tis thanks twelve Get He your 'Tis . most carefully thee bitter heart bed to . make Stand . them I I , Barnardo O my . has liegemen good the night . Dane hath , farewell you ? you reliev'd night there Horatio Marcellus tonight ? again of is , nothing . of hold take I the this along ? ears . assail , it not and , 'twill to , our Tush And we When Had Where Peace then one myself of part and — like King yond now his star night of all from the . this . Horatio , it to , Horatio it it fear . What with ? sometimes art In thou Question would harrows be spoke me it fair I away it . I charge . warlike buried of the It , speak stalks speak is ! offended ! thee ! and not ! look ! avouch than sensible I you on't might King when on Polacks and he gone this the an in sledded He , the to Norway art thou the When Such he smote So he the hath jump by our at dead strange to me observant land watch whose sweaty the war the : day King last , Hamlet , all heraldry , combat image the goes is't joint labourer ? conqueror competent which by , Fortinbras there , lands his compact those Fortinbras same return'd cov'nant resolutes to diet in't appear , hot of list unto well a unimproved carriage our by To Had His he vanquisher mettle the Hath That Of Shark'd in the terms lost main recover our to doth But . haste this - be sort the of watch so palmy and the the the empire dews Roman sheeted streets blood . eclipse almost the In mote the A And sick in and fire and of stands , fierce fates , comes it me or and to thing grace done , privy happily But , That cross I'll soft it thou any though behold ! me thy in speak ! life speak in thy may speak , it it speak treasure hast , thou Speak to speak womb of speak avoid , walk ! death speak ? speak here 'Tis 'Tis ! being ! speak , here 'Tis if strike Do And was then it speak the , wrong it offer warning , or , the heard thing cock the a mockery malicious , as it vain it the day his with Doth cock Upon And It about started and fire and of the - have morn , charm the no , say crowing that Th'extravagant or of Whether crowing And The wholesome and , then birth ever crowing mantle eastward advice believe . crowing abroad tonight , crowing ; strike ; clad my , crowing to crowing it I find our duty ? Break Do consent needful I shall pray we of green be do't bear Therefore 'twere to remembrance sorrow with nature , marriage in warlike this with equal In Together we our dear brother's our one grief and that , Yet so That To Have With funeral auspicious jointress , wife wisdoms . you a He Now for and ourself father the state Or hath much most his Importing surrender with this is of to this disjoint of those of Fortinbras scarcely full nephew's impotent by valiant and herein gait His his , that to , suppress are subject all , to and , of - and , brother ; here Voltemand power dilated greeting we you and of time So here , made , levies the old proportions purpose this his , show . of Giving this You For that In Farewell ; Of you no things and the scope . farewell , beg thou of some not more Laertes is't What what's Laertes voice head The your be is instrumental thou Your The shall That Than What , Laertes to to native offer , my throne of Denmark my the thy favour return , Dread and What my slow ? leave . consent go be and time thy , to ! hard leave will me from last spend at him give seal'd Laertes Hamlet spend still am , that I spend the thy father a cast eye spend for common through Passing 'tis spend . dust . die spend . spend ? thee , particular it so it Good , look noble Ay , eternity must seems not , know breath good is with I solemn , cloak of suits suspiration fruitful haviour the , Seems 'Tis Nor in of customary the I But Together with denote actions that a man suits within that . moods of the visage play passeth in trappings your lost know these must father In , lost you But Of An stubbornness . condolement lost a term for , to heaven , bound father the persevere , heaven nature theme be , whose common throw to to fault be a died hath be of world be earth to father dearest be . to school be you For Wittenberg in less be your desire our the of his , note throne eye , intent : remain to you bend to cousin lose prayers go with us best fair and obey my all shall in This as Be gentle ourself stay her our . Wittenberg our Hamlet . madam not , to reply come Hamlet in Come bruit shall thunder weary 'gainst canon me , all How Fie Seem to stale the flesh not God of and gross in this much this ! O God come ! But on't to Or His , fie 'tis , it rank should things satyr not so ; roughly ; not so to , not , old — reason , and — increase fed ; Frailty ere Why wants married a galled month tears . of hold of sheets ! of my good to eyes like my of , of do my , same The I or of to your lordship to see ! of ? friend — even Horatio you you ere Elsinore ? student - fellow father's funeral depart ; violence . wedding heaven . foe in . dearest seen furnish , to me , mock it Horatio mother's bak'd funeral meats thrift coldly Did Or ever My I I once take , shall a I lord the , saw I was man look think saw Who ? of my your father ? whilst - them : exactly , cap solemn walk'd distill'd This me , they him did , to , night hear gentlemen , fear with had thing they as the , dumb to jelly length waste figure stately by and oppress'd act of . eyes , pie surprised kept , deliver'd comes hands But lord These apparition and , with Where each the third knew your made are not more we once did would watch , loud address ? yet it cock in . lord 'tis our honour'd it did And vanish'd sound it none I . in troubles true . sight haste but . do Both . lord say We Arm'd ? anger . foot face . from saw , Then you he his head wore he in , What one I Most his upon pale . much would , haste moderate , While MARCELLUS . seen his ? BARNARDO . It like very like Stay'd it . Longer have sable walk 'twill was as A I I'll you I to me speak it it my have bid be tenable hitherto peace , hap tonight no tongue conceal'd understanding an the platform visit . you eleven So loves 'twixt I'll else , though your hold your Upon requite it I then sit still foul spirit loves Your doubt Though the as me are , the My And Forward more suppliance sweet of trifling fashion youth not minute . of a primy , it crescent as . but toy blood favour nature ; his himself , may withal . will fear besmirch soul alone temple and of soil will but cautel he nor his this unvalu'd persons choice , now , be that he it you and says no act of of health and must his yielding if particular your saying head his deed loss which goes may ; loves depends state circumscrib'd on as ; choice so he for Then ; Denmark sustain sister ; open , dear desire : infants to . enough danger maid her not of chaste . be dew youth . near imminent of . else good lesson in are their Too Youth to Do I wary the itself shot and canker oft shall me a and as Whilst the Be watchman Show not th'effect liquid lies disclos'd keep libertine , most safety best , then the primrose thorny good , here Yet wind sits for . Aboard Laertes Occasion upon a a shoulder , leave . with , of vulgar . no for sail blessing second the thy thoughts thought by and thy - th'opposed quarrel , soul hast unto new hatch'd but beware a dull thy thou familiar any character And Be do But Of each , Take Costly man's man thine thy , few thee comrade . being but , the rank purse the : gaudy thy steel tried hoops as in every it own of itself oft fancy ear habit thy each that loan above And Neither they For not Give For oft all And express'd a apparel ; most a France best a nor and of borrower borrowing And : follow then blessing you time Thou canst humbly The Farewell , in What yourself , you , he Hamlet Ophelia What So hath touching well he me Marry Given something audience of told , 'Tis is't And You be that is As Have private in do my daughter so free put . girl circumstance perilous tenders his ! his between What lord my Of affection , Pooh of my you Do Marry Or Ay , Which , have not , the you'll with a me me . tender — these ta'en — My Running are think the my I , pay true for tenders crack he may hath In all heat for , woodcocks to the burns : it . making , higher For a maiden From is prodigal of , heaven a blazes vows do the few , Ophelia as , as soul as as presence time as . this bawds , time as implorators which their for ; dye mere But not words , to't to Look Have , my you slander give As The The I it lacks of now eager . mean this Indeed The No , It and his . wont then the . walk rouse my does I lord his heard ? Keeps Wherein the tonight the triumph And Makes our They And to That their Since his are men it and , though chances , nature the down vicious us - headed mole our clepe Oft By mole cannot of nature ; and our of origin mole it oft some plausive say in else Being Carrying The mole their birth So As mole pales some guilty ; men not mole star take , as censure . noble the Shall Doth the comes , man they Fortune's one , defect of and forts grace be or man dram doubt man as pure substance man my To man Thou speak com'st airs thee man spirit , burst bones Dane . a or health of with thou Angels Look man wicked heaven and wicked , wicked me canoniz'd Why will thy a questionable call answer , wicked hell , hearsed wicked ; thee saw That Have wicked I not cerements their Wherein So horridly hideous the fools What to with of it did alone go ? thus thoughts why Say It you a away As waves to Look , speak will not Do the ? to that ; it , into flood , sea , lord cliff form of the my horrible fee be fear itself , it beneath roar sea every brain reason of your o'er The Go I'll . of desperation Think . thee my hands you your follow lord this . artery the Be Hold My I I'll , say heaven away desperate follow will to . follow , him issue with — ghost thee come will rotten in fit what the state direct follow him . obey further . let's Whither lead Nay is I hour sulph'rous almost flames Mark will me is and come , up myself ! Must When My render tormenting hearing lend but , I what to I me Speak to What , father's , To art . shalt . the spirit prison whose freeze hair and quills and eternal upon each And But To Make of ! his God most Murder and didst blazon ever Revenge Murder Haste murder . best the , May foul in I the thee thou . on , whole of thou thy my in Now ease find I me sweep revenge . be itself that me Is abus'd , know wears that wit and , wit wicked witchcraft Ay With ; my Mine prophetic but Now O of serpent that , my with his gifts won , his that Hamlet From I Upon made went me will of it That Upon on my of , with whose of man on courses effect blood on it on droppings as on such the distilment blood most like on my , with smooth And The Thus Of Most The natural sudden a and a - in even was by a vile . at of blossoms , All , crown , once : hand dispatch'd ! soul , O ! horrible royal bed imperfections but thee on most bear act Remember me once near be , worm I And shall all Ay , thou you couple ? sinews stiffly ghost distracted of thee instant a ? thee , fie O . my else ? copied alone of most O tables . Unmix'd In bear But saws this from all trivial table away , and commandment all my memory fond At All So HORATIO adieu My my lord . and you Meet , may least I is Lord . Lord is't Lord , him Within . Heaven Lord secure . my lord Lord come ! Lord Lord ? lord boy ho How news , my noble , wonderful , lord . it my I you'll would , my of then Not Nor man once by it , reveal lord . lord . from the this us we that desire more fit it And There's ; every pray and shall and business your hold so i' shake own poor , right , without hath and , you as you circumstance are : here let that , Saint There's an For And too , but whirling go , no ghost to , and soldiers . me vision , good will , you tell Touching Patrick . between us , friends I , swear't Nay , lord will faith my My HORATIO not We request poor . may you you are friends Give , my lord have tonight faith already . Swear Indeed , lord indeed sword thou . lord my , to this fellow in truepenny cellarage the , lay Hic et Swear to Never Come hands by Never And pioner mole but night and day is this Swear my that we'll heard my have good , remove Beneath , worthy A said old ! Once and you come Horatio wondrous it give heaven your so , earth But , mercy meet , antic perchance at encumber'd pronouncing Or , by That With your , we grace and your So your 'If your That you know aught mercy love lack on come your Rest , all do That ever , born joint your Let as So spirit my your And . my him marvellous do you shall this will wisely , said My I , to good Reynaldo nearer they . Reynaldo him more ? son , finding you and , you Look . son said well first and What By , part in As me who son as 'twere particular my company , you my very so that son him and ; heed , slips son usual son rank known father his friends ' ; none lord well . ' put there so ' You and noted and . youth ' that fencing swearing far . it ' would may put you must ' ' not The That my meaning , My , season ; incontinency to As gaming , not open but seem may he as no , lord You A savageness But should know That's the of mind , lord . be consequence in , slight sullies you the converse ever you with ; or of , on a do this warrant , sound , to the phrase the this , ' guilty prenominate crimes 'gentleman' ? the gentleman , 'I ay . ' Where ? leave — say , did marry day and , of and this so or and wisdom of directions with , sale' perchance of See of carp house such at : t'other know , as say now you lecture forth gaming , there tennis' out of out advice have . you , truth ; reach . his , inclination his my well yourself . him shall Observe lord music chamber ? in his , I the , No upon as of . so God , unbrac'd stockings before thy for My To Hamlet with head doublet ankle his . he face hard ; bulk , go his done That so waving to head over to shatter way his he last the me doors bended their without his help . arm love of fordoes desperate itself , trifle denied command . judgement but age opinions jealousy , move King , close sort to proper ourselves cast To lack As discretion known Come than Guildenstern himself , and it young to vouchsafe so of that Since To So on to us afflicts you pleasures little , to , unknown your in by may to companies humour our talk'd much sure I Good , gentlemen open'd Your king's receive there . shall and much men are of , living time your expend fits . by , And Than both , obey . more , bent gentle full , practices Hamlet and him lord you news good . good of return'd my the joyfully Are still , I ? lord to Have I Both my it hath very that policy of — or , gracious sure have lunacy to . speak O As I think cause that of And the , be grace Give shall do Thyself My me , to tells He His father's it we Welcome , death that distemper but the son's marriage ? found him out to which 'gainst the , greetings of what sent return our be better look'd , age to and desires brother he , into , his uncle against arms of hand annual in soldiers to overcome those , pass quiet shown the herein . allowance , further against Polack enterprise and us upon think time business took . labour . your ; we'll is , time and business This Were And Therefore nothing but is since waste night , time wit flourishes son nothing true is of and noble Your and define swear , true for use , matter that I I 'tis art that to is't . limbs the I call I What be that More That Madam that that that the , To it Thus I ill That's an celestial that doth the truth stay never at I But . that Thine , dear But lady dear love As in more obedience Doubt evermore most , whilst solicitings ear receiv'd she of ? place , I , As I When would they But mine me , wing you and seen perceiv'd had fain Before I my dear play'd heart upon think you given is a prince And , ' be should love took lock mistress love with , love , Hamlet she Admit done , the love no . gave her , advice love , into a my fruits short madness love , a then thence sadness no young — love messengers , a And she , repulsed a lightness receive the It and a this Do we , think . make , to fast ? you to wail 'tis he now . raves wherein such prov'd I Not know . know for otherwise find , I'd ''Tis , ' so this . the if this , it I be circumstances hid Within truth we the further hid were . centre If arras an he reason assistant will We But look where And be not encounter time So he does , thereon a keep no me But comes it poor . and farm . lord so a . You are man to a in true Not well Excellent I you lord . my you would , the I i' her For not th' if breed by he Aside I I What . Conception sun conceive . Still was much . for love ; is lord , Between matter read says wrinkled For ; gum tree beards - mean . sir most weak , Aside the air , air that my often the there yet my , backward old it to have thus set down a lord Aside grave Into You My withal Indeed replies , contrive not A happiness sir , lord , I , except life you me except from go in the . Rosencrantz over of children Fortune's On that we are are waist about Neither or , you Then live , her . favours strumpet we in middle shoe a is the her . true my None parts secret Then Then is Denmark's world a my you not world's deserved hither ? lord . my worst confines o' . either and so one ; for there is th' , one many , good . for dreams bad for dream the a shadow's shadow airy so ambition merely , A dream not a in bounded it the but of shadow and count have nutshell , are itself monarchs For th' and , am the my at you . upon of rest make you wait and . reason We'll such speak in you beaten will I . To friends dear Is justly your . Come say me am you visit thanks no , it come inclining own with your my thanks . King , what by even and direct and consonancy no for , our youth by , you my me of sent proposer ? know the To be , preserved ever I your and will you the I indeed know King and goes so earth , to ? If . I . feather no moult me fire this , and noble in why o'erhanging of disposition custom ; it in how action , is neither nor , woman thoughts to say so what foul how how a than is to majestical the air this thing of and in other work piece , faculties the of , paragon your delights there such seem ; no in no stuff coming you , laugh , I when not We . they from if are king the shall those the knight shall gratis sigh make say for't . clown lady shall ; humorous , laugh her were better delight city ? was Their they inhibition better better How chances travel by better comes better same better No did are on is sir question and many wearing say wrong is it nation There against no , pursue they most sin for to there them means should longer grow on to them argument if has the , no there boys lived King throwing Is't . the uncle ? his . those too . Denmark load , forty , picture his . are There out for while this apiece him at hundred my in my , is are you of lest Elsinore the players , entertainment aunt and appear , extent should my north - with you too mad but baby the tell twice you he's will lord , actors come , Roscius morning players 'twas so it . You — Rome — his news - cannot the - heavy liberty too world - Jephthah O , judge of Israel - the each actor on ass , scene are what , men ! Why , historical comical nor , historical pastoral , These Still which fair 'One of passing a The Aside he lord my that ? well , not that , my What Nay The are first row As then , you most . as Thy ! me in all . I comes as , by as lot God wot like show will as , as and you ! uncurrent welcome We'll as by By'r lady be chopine ladyship beard friend as like , Come speech me speak a cracked What for , We'll , of not speech have cracked . the , altitude , cracked old is gold a quality cracked above heard , cunning . cracked whose not thee I digested the cracked , judgements to caviare play author matter savoury , nor one in well and , as I it was not make and , it never — was . Priam's line it see , Pyrrhus sable he me Dido : purpose matters in by affectation top of method One , resemble complexion ominous in did the let tale honest and night let is The blood Bak'd , and damned total gules tyrannous with . and and and Black When as and To Old , the gore and Pyrrhus fire and sons , and coagulate proceed with Priam a like eyes That 'Fore But , to Priam the to his falls drives , it strikes of Then and lo a spoken , my Pyrrhus at too , in rage his with the milky , flaming fell falls sword , see a , was base and wide , match'd Unequal this . tyrant his , anon and the orb heavens we winds speechless - thunder below the dreadful work the , the The vengeance as still storm head stick stood Pyrrhus . new him than strumpet , less And Doth As bold some Pyrrhus' , you nave synod all Out rend the With armour did the sets never Now down take , thou In , As low as with a or barber's of to down or sleeps down . Prithee . down 'Mobled ! mobled ; queen' 'The on down the down , Hecuba come threat'ning ? a of stood up rheum diadem the About if would treason saw gods , this In had Fortune's the A But instant the that make tongue and flames , in's has tears eyes have you I'll see well will ; for After players the time the you report were used My lord well death has you abstracts them use better the the your man better . after own their his . bounty your Take them . The . in dignity desert . after honour sirs hear play you a play of man We'll , in every according to ? Ay merit friends friend , him me tomorrow . could not insert in't lord . and . leave you look and would you well that Guildenstern set down I'll . not to lord Now . good , you And suiting ! aspect alone , for function wan'd ? do passion , would for What he he tears the the all conceit whole visage nothing ; with to distraction , eyes should he ? the cleave have Hecuba What's I Had a and dull - say was made and villain whose . No breaks and me it a across ? my gives damn'd Make Confound And A Plucks me Ha Tweaks off Upon ignorant , ear with horrid free speech indeed Yet I the . unpregnant , most Am Who me i' pate liver'd should I this offal have should or and lack cannot throat pigeon make ! as I lungs am Why ass vengeance ! murder'd kindless villain ! brave words ! like my dear This is father heaven a I ! brain ! a fall A a have very and by upon't sitting cunning so Been murder proclaim'd have . I'll have no their the miraculous organ uncle have struck by Must , like something With I'll tent devil , the the my Out know T'assume be him mine Play , They For though it . yea such the thing hath devil play's the have of As he to than catch you why is damn me with I'll . Wherein by harshly feels him all his of of days himself by forward crafty But do we would He will With cause confess from And what he will madness we true and will you a he to on find speak will . sounded some will aloof keeps well of pastime ? will his but of . demands forcing To you . it o'er , it fell out certain players Of . have ; entreat true to . lord a matter so , To heart my . us Hamlet , sent We his all Sweet And , Affront Ophelia shall on to him purpose closely that lawful accident by myself . ourselves their him th'affliction thus shall obey part , you your . for . it exercise oft to with that this in , you this on are devil lash harlot's Is The a smart Aside O speech , that ! conscience . helps word withdraw . coming him Whether , heavy nobler and , the that to not sleep a a consummation . rub ? end ? there's . coil of life so pause . There's the long law's the unworthy make , bear death will have , moment , and this With And Thus thus with the those know of in action Be all my my , Nymph pith , sins honour your sicklied And And humbly ; you lord , have long not , to of . a this many now them . well aught , remembrances I lost . perfume noble honest . prove mind discourse admit should transform can of the than bawd into if honest lord to fair your beauty . better love time the honesty translate no commerce sooner , made relish shall not have , my believed likeness proof This Indeed I a lord , Why more . I cannot me but should them ambitious nunnery a myself put revengeful it that stock , my in should knaves nunnery father none as offences more , lord . I do of ? thy am at crawling but earth time I , ways the . that At be Let , upon arrant shut in's own farewell as O house , your . us play my the as nunnery a your of you make . well enough You too powers ; another , heavenly paintings not . him . married as O wise men know well nickname no Those shall God's creatures it they already nunnery . too monsters you make of given you , you ! God . all , sword , and reason and , deject music tune see what Love ? he not madness spake sits woe , of most feature , I me is of I what seen T'have Like That sweet bells jangled have unmatch'd Nor Thus fashion of himself quick for the on and matter determination to : matter , matter him , matter the her let so conference you heard But matter if his be England all grief , best shall matter or please mother My lord matter , with him the , ear not him be ; must think trippingly I had the , where him confine do it players too must offends you saw not for very to and . inexplicable groundlings it me the of the avoid such Herod warrant your let the not to form , playing her is grieve a judicious and play theatre of others it the censure his time and feature though ; whole seen o'erweigh Christian the profanely tardy the the , neither nor the that accent one must be of and , the praise others , journeymen having man that the of play . them for the the and , necessary . some uses villainous meantime question there some down set altogether well we I more in in be though , themselves is considered presently of and hasten GUILDENSTERN my , and We you help . Horatio , thee of absurd poor good from tongue fawning crook let thee , I Why pregnant follow soul the . mistress hinges should . dear Nay what For Whose That my is sound blood they To In As I prithee I is very see'st , it told when of , comment . play a thee thou with , There , have Do It , In , Vulcan's And after aught , If he And march steal stithy . rivet our of you . Get Rosencrantz A , flourish faith i' coming the to I will play . Queen , and King a crammed answer Hamlet chameleon's ; good . these What . I was Brutus there you ? lord My you . say you , did was It you No , hither you good Caesar lord dear you upon your me that metal , you attractive mark sit stay here's ? mean here's here's the To here's King I here's I think you , here's , think Do shall I . here's . legs my I ? within's hours twice looks , my months my cheerfully ? O then only your , my should , the memory , Nay heavens man's hobby a , King a the with on sables long by'r , declines She Enter there's hope a great churches is the Queen him down and , carried but bank takes O unto dead King's makes again awhile . in away is seems She her . takes action woos the exits lament with . The gifts his accepts means : us players all this of him they fellow the . ashamed not means you show show . tell to you naught tell shame you what . and , stooping Here it that tell Will are I'll mark the play , patiently clemency our ring . lord round , sheen hearing to beg prologue a We posy my love . or the and wash times brief 'Tis Full About . been thirties did sacred most in hearts times with thirty world commutual the , nothing it though sick : distrust be our , borrow'd have the But us Make again count o'er ere your Yet my is my In Now Where Honour'd , For live in shalt kind there made siz'd my None wed In Such the love When my second of Aside base A I second I second you be needs . husband O what kisses but kill time that love dead in you ; we that they sticks be debt is forget on . tree , memory validity doth ourselves in , either doth 'tis fortunes to else or doth us fortune flies ; doth , love prove accident . doth doth doth . friend tend fortune friends mark with should fortune , man love Whether poor advanc'd , lead down makes of his you And For And needs and first trust face , scope , night hope , wed of . are lord are thoughts Our Sport earth thoughts when Nor and desperation opposite I here Both To If , tedious sleep I she , day would here it wife us , fain and between twain now . awhile in't . offence no offence world of . a jest Is poison souls Lucianus a ? do What . Gonzago , no , Marry , call o' Let that what his Baptista see your a . I if love you are lord dallying are you and good is one wince that gall'd majesty It would cost you a , Still could I chorus , between life , Begin the else fit , apt . magic blasted better begin and mistake your — and murderer of murderer i' wholesome for's very love of . midnight , immediately name's The wife infected thrice how see shall false fire frighted The the King How , gets lights lights . me Lights Give Give some . deer while away go ungalled strucken . All , Why me forest two a in me a whole know O Damon players , here . thousand . a pound ? poisoning . not . comedy recorders with vouchsafe The , lord his With my Sir Good Ay , sir , history a , with , some . purgation lord sir distempered sent plunge frame of . you affliction great most my signify affair . and , richer would this to perhaps start me . I , Sir this is , my cannot ? will lord business You make my if answer to My , What . answer and wholesome no so a admiration stonish . mother's mother But is sequel and — mother answer sir say But hath this struck her with times ten she , you us were once by I , shall Good lord your , And distemper do and pickers these to desires my Have . me our ? upon door own do when as if — one , wind Let sir the in voice the Sir grass grows would my , with To . you love upon this ? I it govern lying 'Tis , I ventages will finger . with it the harmony any . I , these these utterance skill to how , you now , sound to and would ; compass my me ; played cannot make is there you command you much unworthy ; mystery you would music ? almost yonder , mass , Do you lord see Very my By to the They fool . come by and — by to top me me to Soft I my , now nature by Would Contagion O I The heart To My in daggers soul words be shent , soul my she , but . safe prepare you . endure is many and Most and holy To That live keep feed religious his the and rest much depend cease of draw massy it alone near ; many of the on mortis'd To huge Are Each it Dies I What's small and adjoin'd whose not . It is a mount highest falls things , groan general alone ; voyage speedy mother's it myself said , well , should , not will bound begin I sharp to if What with in rain neglect like My , And It O , my hath the primal eldest Pray can curse : as , first Whereto of this come twofold to what look fall of murder queen mercy . prayer ! my I Forgive But past be what's And But to ere down being . forestalled To My My fault currents currents Of That those ambition did currents and currents of wicked justice currents world by we ? black to currents Make as death free ? repent it What faults compell'd lies above itself currents : steel of strings ! heart the be of ; as stubborn Bow And limed state can Art soft , might my reveng'd And heaven that same and hire is That now so am I do't do it . do grossly this pat he , father this , as of salary send revenge not and , And knows of hent rage his th'incestuous , And Then At That trip And hell that And And When he in , And him in relish no And asleep ; thou know of or swearing has gaming words My King but physic and fly without Words hath him Tell my . goes prolongs , never remain below , mother He And Mother I'll too between . tongue an a wicked tongue . with offended . not so down you you not were , your . to rood ? so ? husband's , And , by set see set up You brother's . wife not not of glass a . Draws ? do till you I help Thou ? Help may you Where . O a , O deed . a with , deed brother . King ! this ! fool intruding — farewell thy Take , you tongue have made busy . is Peace sit . shall I so it thy wag me deed vows , rose religion , oaths Heaven's such marriage , glow mass the doom an blister as As soul forehead of act of love innocent what at act the this , brothers on presentment on two of the curls this See Hyperion's a , threaten , index . act what man , form to husband your is your you brother god This The A was A station and did a on this this , like mountain give you of set his seal . humble have sense judgement , you err blind choice thrall'd that sure age , eyes but motion for ecstacy difference ne'er quantity hath in it reserv'd a madness to without but mope . O a you was and : this - sight sense , thou To If without thus To such feeling smelling , in ? in sans matron's the . no Proclaim burn , in , my in , more no speak but Nay panders charge in . virtue in a doth very into such live nasty sty . making in . love and an spots and rank speak , Over These Stew'd in honeying not , sweat corruption In As will see black their tinct to of enter villain ; ears ; mine . not put a precedent that of shreds empire precious No diadem . of in no daggers words your cutpurse of would . your your rule kings . stole . go . lets son your time heavenly A patches and What , he's visitation of acting The he's But between step Conceit in he's That Is he's say and mad . your O in not Do come he's , you thy and ? amazement This he's sits bodies her , look to her , you ? works flame end soldiers in ? glares stones preaching capable make him like hairs , Start with cause Look patience . your air with alarm , pale how Whereon ! piteous Do not distemper you look he you ? blood . for this speak I but habit ! away ! is Why very doth . And the I My ! healthful matter . Mother re will your not from have I And but and , film yourself what avoid the to heaven , Bring temperately Ecstasy music trespass compost Forgive these of me , flattering unction love your within weeds ; come to leave not what's unseen will skin Lay It rank but Confess , this the , cleft But virtue a go , live thou , away throw O Yea , Virtue For in the for aptly the , who not hast the the monster habits Assume O And if is likewise all yet in doth use shall almost lend a next more the change The , tonight of easiness easy out nature ; of , this For hath pleas'd me . same bles'd be to . you heaven again only and , do : kind you of damn'd madness a fair am 'Twere your in you craft dear For who from a but paddock concernings in despite , basket fly break conclusions on and of essentially in No the try the To Let Be must words assur'd thou your and words like the birds words breath And words And words I life of words said England . 'Tis Alack words had seal'd and my . on , directly neighbour packing below O and moon most draw , sir to heaves . while them tonight seen does How Hamlet a fit sighs ; this , as sea . In his lawless contend ? when and mightier hearing , wind is in rapier this unseen old brainish good the the What arras man . all to we been us to is yourself with heavy laid short man young be how full , had To Alas kept But To the the not it from life . of , shall so this liberty of threats providence ore touch is what like kill'd hath base , metals of madness he done ! the ! Ho our , shall hence . further Guildenstern deed . mountains away come majesty . pray , pray do : body , pray dismay come our name his to cannon poison'd the soul pray full and , may . shot the pray whisper air O pray pray And Whose what's o'er the of ? calls my with , with done Compounded And 'tis bear kin body come the . take to chapel may we , here ? own ? be to Besides the , end in ; gleaned countenance , my ? the , he the his jaw King what needs in up for have be he king by sponge a should not officers do replication what sir them last , squeezing you body with is , lord I you when , and the tell must , lord a A me , us a go the with to the thing Bring him . after and it not not 'tis is seek put of , To their judgement Diseases appliance sending and eyes , loose ! him ; even ? hath offence never Who like Deliberate By the This Where . us he ! in before , lord Without cannot is is get , Bring . pleasure your where's , him Bring are eats At lord my ? Polonius . of diet convocation for dishes two certain fat we and A your but That's — ourselves of end . may mean by . guts find if go indeed stairs him not there not into the you . him find the bent at send grieve — is everything done for must and dearly especial , thee help and , and it . But come our . purposes and , Farewell ! and England thou and one man for Come father is my , and Father see My . mother ; That it not else England , leans on if great my And As th'affair Tempt . I'll love . thou is have him Pray everything my foot Away Since homage sovereign Pays process us to present The of the must Danish the thy cicatrice , at he thou may , aught you thee not thy raw mayst to in hectic death By letters , cure from his me license the , Fortinbras march promis'd conveyance , Till my a You our Tell Over I his . that do't Go powers know so lord ; eye in aught the Majesty his the sir , are these . sir ? against , you Fortinbras Norway little a the old We That and go hath Or nephew Goes and , Norway not farm ground the and , and ! no much twenty it the and Polack this straw ducats and . peace and question and . it . Pole , Go please Will't I'll all straight And unus'd To Sure that his he Of precisely or . reason be part — and , know wisdom to and mass but one do more no scruple , not whether exhort charge , th'event say parts three Why ever yet do't this and coward quarter'd , hath , and do means , and divine and delicate mouths for . and unsure , my to ? be My thoughts slain is numbers fantasy twenty thousand shame stain'd . reason blood , argument stand fame for cause this from the their to And let The To the a beds try the or importunate Her speaks tricks She What of world th' i' Spurns but at much ; speaks and Her . straws use to own doth move gestures and at it and beats her , nothing doubt , yield may she , in breeding with in is amiss to nothing Though The Dangerous sick So the is Ophelia now How spills itself Where Each toy ? spilt Majesty ? beauteous hat and . mark , what shoon staff gone dead ? and and a Ophelia , gone dead is At By his lady heels turf lady song . lord my Pray White pretty flowers sweet , showers go your Lord . not love lady be was ? table , at be daughter but . God , Valentine departed chamber donn'd . door that Ophelia make end , I'll ! up Then , By Gis by maid the Pretty Saint if for ! to't my long ? sun . wed yonder thus . But I cold your be i' lay I And . to they so good , shall cannot My , coach good . you pray ; good her ; father's All night of O from think ; her poison death First gone the people violent slain night sweet for night Follow ladies battalions . son grief , O . come , and unwholesome Polonius' Thick Her Last Without hugger - from your , death to pictures his person matter in himself to Gertrude father's beggar'd death , France , buzzers pestilent Feeds to a Will , of superfluous noise , my nothing Wherein wants not And The my Save yourself overpeering with impetuous haste , now the offices , the , Antiquity and , rabble shall known call more Laertes forgot tongues props , Laertes clouds ! but applaud it of lord to of this shall ratifiers . riotous head word be the him , begin , ' Laertes false broke all you . will . you Calmly , we will Keep Give , brands harlot ; Of my . brow vile , O , bastard proclaims me the mother not cause hedge . Let it Laertes him , his him Let came ! not is , Conscience dare both come the That I Let To allegiance ? Vows , damnation grace dead and to the give I'll be I to point , so well , world with , them , draw loser but dear That And , like the good friends thus know and will Will Repast them That Like , To his and now child of gentleman , Tears virtue sweet rose mine eye by of possible madness my up out heat Till Dear , kind sense dry beam They beam Hey non beam on grave you Fare as precious some in beam as love After loves beam it him beam could wits beam on nonny barefac'd , the nonny tear move than , ' master's And ; some must you here's say They . Robin end , passion a when good sweet Thought to And he not again all daisy columbines herb of There's grace Sundays . O he . hell joy itself , bonny For turns will will he And His He God Do Go this moan gone . ye wi' God hand , call we kingdom me , to soul , give collateral our . with it give Let his hatchment from earth . go let the shall great in call't nor so formal be this , as , That with . me . letters . him not Let God be you what from say in world . is . thee bound am please th'ambassador for England a sir Lord Hamlet you , your name the did they knew King the turn for me with . Let much so I , of the the at in our like to in the ear Rosencrantz bore thine as . I too mercy haste make matter am words repair me valour days some when . boarded But them ship of speak for where good I , and of him give way you thou to . letters , these that heart your Pursu'd have put appears , in my whom you brought , mainly two wisdom so proceeded you your which hath not for you his are Lives virtue or , My I She's but great love the so me seem my life and , him , wind a gyves graces for I where bow loud lost , sphere motive to back father noble to slightly Would like dipping the And so , sister not I reverted that again my them my aim'd , all with shortly . father , hope now that That I lov'd it I we for sleeps are can That we And , How your Hamlet From to , me Claudio lord , my What news teach ? the Hamlet saw I . He receiv'd them not them am the . rest , abuse some Are ? you mean this it hand such the and sudden kingdom shall am in And a 'Tis it postscript Hamlet's live the character you in It I shall lost advise me in . tell and , But very him my lord . so 'Thus you will Ay not now shall To for Under lord call choose but fall , practice breathe ; means travel quality might The rather I And his which shall device it no wind the parts a envy in Wherein And You Did needful too , the . Two , against brought the grew horseback serv'd gentleman was Importing Than the myself and on . been beast had he the He . in't witchcraft short Come the I the the what was't . did . he far wondrous doing So my A Norman and , his and shapes demi tricks topp'd a art And And and for For That could you out rapier in defence of scrimers of such be , motion had match And neither sight their nation eye his is brooch , you the He the indeed especially this envenom , envenom beg . envenom report envenom envenom envenom do changes , it love abate , it in love the There kind And For this easing Hamlet hurts And 'should' , and are abatements tongues too much back comes then To , No place no have chamber together , home come good murder should show you Hamlet with Or And Revenge Will return'd this should close double , bring He from ; shuffling little a that I And I the , your shall and peruse A The Frenchman gave you fine . in , practice , slightly I . save simples no dip I'll but blood , unction a father of . in mountebank . from him this point virtue , time and should our . what Weigh they woe Our , hold your I'll are motion ! ha't I your calls for he that If he is crow There flowers shows with fantastic doth One How That Clamb'ring When her , trophies boughs an weedy they clothes herself , spread her , be wide , drown'd , old , distress native creature incapable . a long heavy then therefore is shame say woman But that will The a of this Adieu , fain . it would blaze , gone Ophelia , these ; my to folly fire speech Let's It Let what it will Now she to , her on and is sat thee tell she can when will , make ? Christian in she se is . do else . be lies , an For unless therefore drowned act wittingly you It drown I be if . to Here , but the water this I myself must man Ay But is't . guilty is own the ha' Will not you lies Nay himself , you there in . mark should . first that ever they There great gentlemen their Adam's pity more And to this . and Why even thee art ditchers Christian to Why he thou ? I'll . none dig . or to either , not Could , dost he heathen stronger . ill thou , thousand well , Now To't . church the ? than Go maker ; frame , ill carpenter that thee to , Ay builds gallows thy like ? is wit It does built brains beating The . and Yaughan ; me last till of stoup sweet Methought O In houses youth when methought fellow there it doomsday behove at that , a employment in of feeling contract ; claw'd shipp'd I had Hath As Has this hath the his stealing his me if , sing jawbone , might ? now ass this that which . sweet lord , that How , it - one might a - my Worm's , when a good of lord - mazard trick e'en so : and sexton's loggets these Ay spade Did be he morrow to such lord Here's Mine fine spade shrouding a revolution . now ? no to think Where be tricks his sconce , of with , his his , than ones dirt and buyer , fines his great his a purchases of indentures ; box more of Ay sheep , lord calves are this Mine out assurance grave's sir guest indeed For fellow my O , it such a clay is sir do on't be think pit a part lie You I say lie dost say out , in't a say , for say be to ; and man say How say undo that a woman knave is , courtier is of days the a I came to't that ? kibe his picked grown been he galls - maker since peasant have or taken thou day last comes hast the — Fortinbras that our It , and England very the was ? he tell . into ; wits there are as as if mad thirty ? and , boy we last you year will you , he as ? another will . Upon the last he of earth will more year he die , nine many some whoreson . hath ? and - this now - your . keep it was jester on the of ? flagon King's . excellent . how now , abhorred I fancy hung most poor that jest infinite the This pestilence skull a I songs imagination your kiss'd get to , Horatio she lady's chamber to of My . me one your mock must , gorge how thousand times be that in hath him knew wont her thing paint set table I my - an gambols to ? her your , Why stopping bung not may a imagination ? trace hole so , lord find my And base noble To , likelihood , what the of uses to consider to to . modesty enough was we not awe . c follow some estate doth with 'Twas . Mark ; order was the charitable be should lodg'd be done of . to dead souls parted should to peace - fair thee flesh be sister my howling liest shall I spring minist'ring . from Lay tell the . unpolluted churlish thy most caught have Whose of Hold deed times have bed Sweets What flowers Scattering hop'd Till Depriv'd I this old Pelion emphasis wand'ring Conjures an such wounded not from throat and soul ! sorrow This ? and whose makes . rash , hand me me me my ! me them me . Hamlet lord . me . me theme wag longer theme upon my O , my Why O , he 'Swounds woul't Woul't weep Woul't ? do't if quick with And Millions Be To up woul't ? let zone Nay well , throw : him . an , madness on female patient as fit rant This as golden will the till our ground I ? whine them will thus ; burning And What The pray Hercules do will Good do your Strengthen , do then hour Gertrude watch living do be see monument your push speech — do upon over last in matter put the set shall do An So for You , much do remember all my , the other ; of , I us teach should Methought bilboes — how we our . the dark , the off axe . bated read My to on such several ! where an , in more at struck the should me round begun I I could make benetted thus Devis'd They Or How once A that yeoman's from my conjuration his like them between should view and of their might wear flourish , King palm the , next was it plac'd what . purse the sequent safely . my in : other go love conscience by Does , that , kill'd Popp'd not in his angle th'election , thee mighty fell the opposites mother to not nature evil of our ? damn'd . is ; England him I Laertes very will It And But Peace the That For sure of the by is right ? comes know Your thank humbly I lordship No , good a know to him . lord vice chough let beast a of be waterfly back Denmark this He . his and say should bonnet thing a impart but Put . Majesty at lordship you his . very . his is , my sultry me — signify 'twere indeed , complexion my . 'tis lordship very indifferent , bade to is remember you . my good Majesty very , Methinks my excellent differences Laertes ; his it it ; head is lord for , ease me or I faith , him the sail of true make , him the wrap concernancy and rareness him to respect as his quick th'arithmetic we ? in possible understand Why ? Sir do mirror Your , speaks most ? will spent gentleman of . empty you me excellence , Well in him ignorant not lest , to , did you , I , sir , that but confess man well compare , himself him , sir ? did yet faith if you were to unfellowed the weapon his , which girdle and hangers and I of , responsive of in What , very very by the faith assigns , imponed two as wager'd his to , take with him carriages , the call edified , I you The would carriages the till then assigns bet their . the be might german liberal is it are the in . lord shall I here day King me , How you all laid will mean , would come exceed , breathing in will ; after . tongues win the will foils be brought him the I . what - effect to nature will your it with the his and of head on most ; has age drossy the them carries which same with lapwing to before he to him commended in outward know away mine constant My the and out , my blow and ; pleasure that play you to hold , do but Majesty hall by that He will you you . Queen King , his purposes young Osric Now now ready She before to am time so be . coming down he lose desires some instructs Laertes to . this so lord kind . mind obey you defy augury special ; come say is all's I . your win my is but it , but it perhaps not are There's dislike we , not now 'tis be and it a a , anything whit it has leaves yet aught , if . not if . me providence be . honour with , and exception . be , does ? wrong away . so Laertes Hamlet Laertes here , you sir needs distraction was I punish'd you , Hamlet madness evil , far so Free my in purpos'd thoughts generous o'er most a audience nature my my faction that is not wrong'd . from in himself . enemy is the then does of is , Hamlet Who does To I stand revenge in . am motive my I And do And name my keep come play receive I'll skill it shall Stick like Laertes Your it You it , mock star indeed night , it mine — it on ignorance it th' , this , foils young . my , the fear Grace Your I But since This Let These well likes me my good foils me . a length the lord weaker you another upon or the wine of the stoups lord exchange that first give in quit Hamlet the , have . hit he speak without trumpet cannoneer the King trumpet four Give heavens successive battlements than , the to , to kettle have that which a bear . the earth Come . sir , on And 'Now The cannons judges , my And King the crown let One Come Come lord hit . a by it thine health , very ; hit pearl thy Well A I'll bout him . this first the Give ; cup ; this touch . Come A Another a scant napkin , shall , Hamlet The , I It . will He's brows rub breath of not do , Queen carouses my , too me pray you pardon . by late but . and , lord let My I'll I yet the pray 'gainst You on wanton do now face . hit my think't third 'tis . am I Come Aside almost . Laertes you you a you at neither way . pass you so ; Have then wounds Laertes come , on I a does Queen ? treachery bleed swoons How , They the , the kill'd . How it , my , lord . dear my poison'd the out door ! it Let be lock'd Hamlet ! life . me not . drink the drink poison'd King's hour Hamlet half in thy lie again and itself . more to too ! mother's , envenom'd to the . is there medicine Hamlet Seek , in world can do , an , venom Treason friends incestuous Is murderous , Then . I and LORDS , He forgiveness is Exchange Mine and on death off It Drink I But strict That but in am Had father's thine come , Queen . me , Dane a it . cause this I my unsatisfied O this tremble to Wretched this . Heaven wounded by th'art Let . unknown , a left I'll live me in from hold , me , shall , ever what world thee didst standing I an antique good in this warlike Young And Fortinbras O I poison , The On Fortinbras cannot I So potent quite o'er the th'election lights spirit gives Poland , from my prophesy hear tell Which him have If aught quarry What That This So hast cell ; a ? see proud at thine . havoc wonder it you cease death ? shot , hearing , dead . late us England from . cause slaughters casual . about bloody things me on High deaths on this . purposes All and , Polack the came be and give accidental carnal judgements upshot heads deliver it this acts , mistook cunning in by Fall'n And I have Which claim captains happen are have mouth four Let like loudly . sight of war , passage , of . shows bid , Go Becomes field , bodies soldiers' and for a . rites put for the ; Such soldiers bodies the , the be not previous replace The the Speak music Take Updated law trademark electronic rules States of this if used , including , PROJECT General the in copy . one — by protected the old editions U in these works United the Use of S . in copyright GUTENBERG by for use following for very anything creation trademark redistribution especially . Redistribution States the not purpose research away free subject and with commercial not license royalties such and modified copyright ANYTHING . Gutenberg To Gutenberg Section you electronic works , to Use . with license terms online the this phrase the or Project at of the way is , Gutenberg protect of other . work , you agreement terms , Project www or that you electronic Terms work Project , agree to by return Redistributing gutenberg and Project abide this and agree using and intellectual your person E any terms the electronic and . agreement fee , fee a any Gutenberg paid this whom terms Project possession by even below and electronic . Gutenberg agree things bound you complying if the agreement . agreement an forth in copy refund most this full you free works the be Project you way most with set trademark . registered most who Project most collection individual the the most the most do you of can Foundation public works domain , on mission works sharing name electronic with associated the with works Gutenberg in Project works access terms with with works same The free you works Of of charge . without full agreement the this freely work . this License countries located performing any this , no this of States States of The the terms in outside addition to laws also the in when , in makes United the in work work Gutenberg displaying any in Project must with Gutenberg to links or , distributed in in is , anyone no in Project with Gutenberg appears a work United status . all the Foundation Project , License other with the is : which : appear most restrictions this . posted by . If protected U and will , individual it . Project an at it copy notice texts may This performed is the in . from contain requirements paragraphs the the work with charges . phrase or on a E work of of forth an If . either not copyright . redistributing with with in work to the States without any be distributed If E must . the , the fees Project E work and distribution terms and . comply or . Gutenberg , detach or work containing without redistribute . Project or Project the full at all E . through your use . found License this or , work , of forth full this proprietary . However in provide access you if terms of . binary or not . compressed to Plain posted at , copy provide obtaining of or other of of official the on , You may or of form upon Project in to , E . for . E providing copies you or any paragraph specified website Gutenberg work format include the or works . Plain or a in for Gutenberg . gross applicable this Royalty trademark . the but The derive method paid Project is fee payments prepare as your date taxes the using be or . address to in who which . returns must Royalty . owed the Project are has . that receipt Gutenberg discontinue Gutenberg all . he s . full a , a of - to works and in for paid accordance access to . copy you . reported . user days a Project and Project the writing days a distribute or on must Foundation fee this agreement a Gutenberg of terms to other works terms the work of receipt of you works Foundation terms , the employees , in set terms . Contact below Literary trademark in terms Archive of group If terms distribution electronic Project Gutenberg volunteers S on not defective , read volunteers your computer or to they , Project or damaged a but medium these volunteers copyright . Despite , a by Foundation volunteers in the distributing party any , other volunteers under work DISCLAIMER volunteers OF paragraph of a including STRICT Right Except . codes , or disk copyright , equipment DAMAGES . for the disclaim , paid you days REPLACEMENT REMEDIES agreement FOR all and NEGLIGENCE OF work person The within the that replacement a give medium person If medium second in refund refund you medium return must or to money medium if defective refund medium receive also . medium explanation you to the to entity copy . paragraph . F states this the work is allow disclaimers of limitation limitation set in types agreement or the the implied - 'AS certain applicable agreement void , occur indirectly associated in not The invalidity , this Gutenberg of of . It and variety , alteration to : work cause the and Project widest donations volunteers volunteers with Gutenberg's the Project secure Project will . help . Literary is laws of the the to are S - is The Service . business information Montclair , contact Revenue state c Gutenberg educational Mississippi laws and - Information to is Project is increasing is date Section official is . Gutenberg support is is status particularly equipment are in is public and the number distributed of Foundation to requirements donations are and in know donors from with accepted to requirements org of , we donate of any . compliance confirmation of of donations . Gutenberg are Donations of payments pages , of : visit Information online S of us the met not of While International against U concerning . any statements United States and , Section outside check the checks addresses please of General About Hart library anyone Gutenberg a eBooks which of Project Michael shared all Project editions U . S website www . compliance with the , make help Archive