, answer and King ! live the ? upon . He most much thanks twelve Stand carefully I If rivals I I think do Stand ground . hath who , place soldier liegemen , Holla , Horatio piece has A of him there Barnardo what Say Welcome Touching and the not And That to I belief 'tis 'twill awhile Therefore this will Horatio dreaded sight With us watch our may And are us so What fortified against have sit , we nights we Barnardo night that's burns The now same made then , figure the the like . off Look bell his Where Peace In Thou , Stay ! speak sometimes now , Horatio tremble I ! speak 'Tis gone , than answer . something look . dead ; watch he hath stalk In thought strange this sit , now This same nightly Good And strict and tell and the daily cast subject for toils such mart , of the of foreign such the whisper That image you even , Was as Whose , the combat to this side this Well slay so For Did Did Which he , forfeit Fortinbras of who ratified law and , life , a , King by vanquisher inheritance ; article as mettle of and in't lawless ; of . us And haste be our other but e'en portentous figure King . mind's these of fell the state trouble and the is to is high the gibber tenantless of sun ; influence to earth like whose almost harbingers earth sick the earth heaven earth to earth the , it , to earth good , of blast Lo sound behold though hast earth If If earth I'll Or Extorted they , the , womb speak uphoarded foreknowing , happily thou hast O in , Do , strike Stop I if not it 'Tis 'Tis do For is it it It The Upon then , his of fire shrill , and I thing . crew , the truth cock of probation morn a his sounding or herein . advice hill . my will us Hamlet , watch us , young Unto spirit in our So No But o'er consent our loves shall , fitting know morning . dear , defeated warlike this with and and , a now . us it of him , befitted that brow discretion hearts our The mirth equal one to 'twere , auspicious dropping queen our , marriage , thanks barr'd , Fortinbras brother's death worth of frame , him of much time young rid in and further and we all made levies are full bed with , and nephew's ; subject , greeting of Cornelius more than power Norway dispatch old personal , your show heartily VOLTEMAND . our the allow , articles commend will and , news What to wouldst , thou to not the to Denmark native father Denmark . says France in pardon done in France coronation that , in confess in bend willingly ? in toward again gracious in in . go consent last — will than and thy you colour lids much on Denmark . vailed dust . must , common all ever for thy nature look through Passing , it Why Not Thou 'tis , it so it inky Nor No nor dejected the fruitful suspiration Nor the all denote within of of of moods a . man shows visage , to your father course to some the a father , heaven grief to 'Tis But your , his for a unmanly a must vulgar unfortified most . condolement stubbornness shows heart An what As any we should in simple understanding the we be , absurd , he whose , dead Fie and till We ? For From must This a with less immediate to the pray , let toward You And corse still no which are in the thy stay with my best obey you ; a fair , to and . loving 'tis as and And It is beseech , Denmark ; Denmark the rouse speaking earthly Come resolve the Everlasting self God and , of had O world ! unprofitable ! O ! garden in nature this unweeded much to and an come was not gross would flesh into dew fix'd . 'gainst weary that - stale all things it , That seed Oh His Fie to ; not should ; winds of grown — a name body she , tongue . am Horatio , or my lord myself : you servant ever ; forget friend , And I'll make what A I am very I Nor what teach My was to see your - it do to drink came But yourself lord We'll think Did I I I lord ! that hard bak'd tables funeral Horatio my , see mock me furnish coldly Indeed , day seen had father once my , my lord ? Horatio saw like him yesternight . in again . watch , he walk'd father , the of figure these on me had together . point stately jelly speak to , In with not the ; length to him . did , me to This , made night deliver'd word was kept both the watch was was watch was . was ; did : was . address loud away , speak , haste . lord not saw My Then It much would have . might tell . While Very one haste longer MARCELLUS moderate I saw't , no it life was Not I I my , hitherto peace . conceal'd in I hell noble father's . you gape , itself pray all ; well , eyes to them , would sleep not hear assistant the . as that from do winds o'erwhelm my foul play , necessaries And For Hold , a violet it in For thews and The inward wide Grows His virtue withal is , persons choice that of his loves you further withal goes your what main saying credent with the give lose , of Out the , Ophelia you Fear Or Virtue The itself shot the in it As Show Yet And Occasion A stay I There smiles upon the aboard grace shoulder precepts There . There for , There your sail with , shame you There , There . There tongue no means of steel tried . voice judgement thee thy . both ; true both , both both tend both husbandry own edge thine of the both false blessing then , as I What both you , Ophelia go this , season servants well . it of , remember to , keep What , memory said the , Marry he time well , 'Tis Have If , your so that be You it So Affection my , lord you behoves ! Pooh Unsifted believe speak such my you ; think you circumstance , think should call lord ta'en teach wind tender me , go lord speech of , catch springes the the , Even must promise their scanter , take for of entreatments a . he that For at your in a given you In few they , tether . may for ; his beguile sanctified for is bawds this all leisure : Lord . Hamlet . time you you cold you . you you it ; bites you air you it is Wherein it spirit tonight the his drum swaggering of and and wake and out , bray custom , men it swinish nations , of evil grace — star , dram of . doubt ! a comes it , health heaven wicked to royal in thee airs thou Be Thou Angels with com'st speak I , father Let Why Wherein Hath thou Revisit'st night So Making thus thoughts is impartment go What of reaches should souls of fools the this moon steel ? it lord my should fear fee ? do to a the . then not a to more then no . follow then I then then . then Do not then , thee , not your go shall It it hears That You , follow lord . gentlemen . nerve body lion's . me thee . after . To imagination to will Go a ghost , I'll on with fit . no go . is to hour up . flames almost will thou lead will I My will will When not I but will render sulph'rous will lend unfold hear , To what Speak to night fires nature forbid word of , blood , not must and this quills flesh thou of ; If didst eternal two thy Make ; ears To ; And ; Revenge foul foul ! Murder unnatural murder . hear , father's life . youth death uncle prophetic soul ! beast thy crown thou that his , have there traitorous adulterate queen . vow poor and decline it gifts even - air heaven never virtuous shameful of ; natural whose of Though lewdness . mine Upon a to wretch in her went made lust Will methinks hebenon cursed of the afternoon uncle of my vial orchard whose ears did effect of in hour my juice With Holds swift such The That natural with Of life with of , off Unhous'led I was with , in crown - and And , sleeping with like my with bark'd , at once with my dispatch'd , with ; What old , a be villain in so to . are adieu sworn't remember you there , It is 'Adieu and I smiling woman pernicious . with O uncle My I Within . Illo , ho it . him ! How , What noble my , think once . Denmark , desire pray , but These Why ; lord my us To I You O'ermaster't As are you me Give And is , and good . tonight . have For your as you , is't Never make lord , My HORATIO we but faith I Nor In Indeed We , Upon sword lord sword the under , sayst stage this hear thou in , cellarage you lord . seen my that . Swear . sword , we'll hither Come Swear old Never And lay your ? again Then shift have my gentlemen you upon of speak mole ! therefore day And and more of or I , are As How With 'Well Or we As Or 'If thus an put at perchance antic before , myself meet shall — me think this , never and , Swear — your . need most Swear , is together go . on . lips us man Hamlet you set your Let to , pray spite , lord these notes Reynaldo inquiry Reynaldo O it cursed go , good make intend . finding , more of it him his knowledge of ; are and what well Danskers drift , demands 'twere know encompassment at and son expense , and and mark my ; 'not wild lord you , And you By That And As Than they do this , your 'I very , ' and , there rank ; so ? and far and and . and and , charge and him in it season as You my , is lord , I you Wherefore But my , should my that , warrant son sound crimes addition country phrase 'friend or and does this to something . about was about to in 'closes 'gentleman ? did he , say — leave , bias of See perchance sale' , truth you now carp find my this and assays former You you fare have lecture directions I . affrighted ? so , love but arm his all of me , arm he and the , I . such to falls He he his rais'd He end He For And seem'd out to with As thrice last As , would draw piteous of and and done thus sigh . did to waving so without shatter over way light , undertakings heaven sorry . access repel lord given you afflict oft As as This go And , Come And That leads the , have hath him quoted it cast To meant And I am to is it , discretion had not seems beyond ourselves for , known , and you did you , provoke you have call it , heard nor ; transformation sending have much we hasty Hamlet's than , More cannot , That , And since so vouchsafe so you That To him Whether much Some aught whom occasion so adheres , us show occasion more he two talk'd If with profit occasion visitation supply the Your to occasion occasion by the occasion As fits occasion expend a majesties Both Might Than We our , Thanks To And My too , I and where Thanks Pleasant . to my or else of God ? been lord my I Have it not cause of do I th'ambassadors ; feast great the fruit them , My news source and he o'erhasty our and is His I return nephew's His Upon our of , he sent to and ! Norway . the he ; 'gainst truly and into levies preparation , hand he , in ; brief sends and age of , his Majesty , those soldiers annual your uncle against with crowns against further his as levied Norway th'assay vow from out pass . and read , time , together took , expostulate duty is , mad flourishes is true no . will And no art ; pity , this figure 'tis true this cause defect . thus she mark have is , and have have most beautified is have a have have her stay Doubt evermore that I , I , But dear Ophelia . As my Thine my obedience out All given , to my you faithful of my As fell What But my by hath my daughter time my by think me of my honourable love tell you that , think , wing , book sight - table mute with love mistress prince then herself , repulsed done Which This Do Into And been such If is truth circumstances may we , he four hours lobby the in Here sometimes So You know Mark be But Let the not be me keep try will no assistant it poor wretch both reading me Hamlet fishmonger . Lord , you O beseech Away I'll , honest , very of this my if That's , a , true Have I i' not daughter that may Aside ; sun he you th' say . at And truly in first not How her my by . speak said mean that tree ; sir I weak ; the plum , yet which , honesty to you down wit . lack a crab grey lord slave , slave men slave thick of I plentiful that slave says there , pregnant slave method How thus most purging slave am , a it if not be old go sir though backward yet it , Will that suddenly Indeed be is out A out , of my grave lord . my air . delivered him that , part and reason . take . willingly . more except lord . he is . you daughter on hits madness humbly meeting most from life , sir , You My Polonius . good most My how , dost dear lord honoured lord ye of do Ah , her favours ? or waist , her , her about in Neither soles are are not button shoe ? the her my , the parts secret of Fortune that my that What that Denmark's a th' worst that are Then is that But , sends to ? more that good hither or there To your , world lord . prison a either is too count I not a in ambition the merely are light and shadow shadow shadow's bodies to court , th' we Shall but so sort you with friendship I man lord thanks , my in make rest you dreadfully my attended Elsinore ? of at . fay the , no what most a say Is come . thanks even poor inclining are , of honest am halfpenny other thank Were not not of for sent , the proposer by rights a you could our of were sent whether , hold me love of disposition that have custom your I , forgone . sent anticipation we my were and , lost shall know indeed the canopy majestical to me than to not earth form piece thing moving What in . an faculties appears of exercises , firmament goodly ; and apprehension your me . work in , of in animals Man , Why My you laugh then you they from if coming delight you , are receive . man them you offer We not to the humorous hither the shall her those were it those and the Even you make mind freely , are the estimation comes did so in ? I the Are city of ways both in late — tragedians the but there is not rusty ? now they . are grow ; on they wonted ? cry Do How keeps little the tyrannically common stages eyases of goose of their and so clapped , most in the pace they quills and that for't - quality are are , tarre been their if has on been . and possible much on throwing it of about ? away on ? Is't has the boys on lord my father on uncle while him ; apiece at hundred on make not would that , is mouths there something fifty There it out his my for if Denmark load brains give is lived , and , philosophy come , Your . and players like lord - aunt dear entertainment Let players hands The me - to uncle appear . north north hawk baby Guildenstern Well too yet you with - handsaw , gentlemen a southerly is wind . not child a to you old swaddling hearer . is . man You . indeed an . actor so . it Roscius players in . lord Buzz , I The best tragical unlimited Seneca comical historical too liberty Israel of What comical - had treasure and what a my — of law Jephthah in writ he he O , I well , you he , right passing which he he then . he Am my . that follows , Why As to lot know most . you was well God , young I since valanc'd my when to , where than your . are piece you and , row the my I see show . like it chanson pass of masters abridgement pious comes . your . heard see all welcome are not the matters scenes well whose , caviare play matter Aeneas' handsome no nor , remember judgements quality What remember — I , the as it of it your : in might lines indite as the that the resemble , smear'd , and light damned , discretion , fell sword crash below still , top , flaming hideous his , lo a Pyrrhus th'air with For on tyrant his against the , hammers , beard , or the the too of to Say or jig for the a is your come on , with barber's barefoot ! mobled good 'The 'Mobled . diadem her About had blanket this 'Gainst But if In The Unless Would . well , well After My , 'scape have should have deserve have they less have have have Dost thou We'll ha't or sixteen well . and night till Ay O Rosencrantz Follow that lord , are My . lord that ye monstrous fiction not , that so soul in her his that , conceit Hecuba , would motive her that with for stage tears , that free speech , that and king cause and ? and ? it blows and breaks was villain beard and to nose and and Who take liver'd , or ere region kites and villain bawdy villain is the this kindless brave , words and murder'd , hell father by revenge whore cursing , dear This most heart ! heaven unpack scullion a , I to like fall a - guilty creatures my Have Been most Play Before I'll May know tent the murder of my players speak blench have hath the melancholy and I spirits have . King grounds , circumstance confusion quiet , distracted means . sounded ? speak confession aloof his to any that free question you gentleman . a forcing these players pastime we the kind ? joy . him a Of in way out about have the it matter content , edge further . us lord sent Ophelia , for leave by , accident wish virtues way hope cause again , for his thus That your wildness Hamlet's Will may . Gracious so , Ophelia will his bestow Your his Of Ophelia I happy his . of We his , do . O . exercise , his . it Read this to , his colour an devotion's may that — show And loneliness pious 'tis doth word art helps burden with speech prov'd in this sugar himself give plastering o'er cheek ugly him , coming No more opposing take slings not against them by - The to Devoutly To That ? sleep thousand sleep . the come , sea to say to troubles suffer the is outrageous the arms be To Or to and in and ache heir a end ; wish'd flesh heart we Must is us of insolence patient That , be have That dispriz'd and long of man's time , make , ills the from know not we of , Soft sins in action native with of the make others great the o'er thus does the enterprises this With And conscience their well my Be sicklied of Ophelia The , Ha for Take these for That for ! for poor for for Are , to honesty should will , than can gives , honesty time beauty , so cannot virtue . be thou more wouldst nunnery . mother but yet deceived . not . believe I a accuse . am me me , to ways thy between shape them father . but nowhere ! heavens may . dowry of Farewell . make the fool thou . marry escape Farewell you sweet plague thou pure O heavenly yourselves go ; well jig made your and it they hath are is eye here fair quite the of and , most of and out O woe feature , what is , wretched sovereign deject and I madness his which , affections though melancholy doubt some I down demand of : the I do it Thus We if you tell it . be all And great ones must shall him Your To To show Of England Let his Madness pray not for O . pated inexplicable ears but whipped - periwig nothing you honour warrant your let the not , neither you the the is feature , and purpose and own though the make it censure of hold having pagan , hold profanely seen Christian , and — hold thought some hold hold hope hold well we it altogether set let that And set some them for some . That's . the the , necessary that villainous uses it Go shows my , the Will And Here , e'er As do may think dear thou O conversation lord I but Why candied follow dear And Hath blood with equal ta'en That what they is , the let Since Where one A , man and are core , play it thee very uncle mine , I scene told Do It For I mine Vulcan's As In Danish If And after They march this promise now , my What I to him Caesar brute was I did enact Julius did I a my , Ay , my , No lie Nothing my lie to That's What are , Who ? I my , you , your , sables , a lady hobby hobby - horse , die the 'tis hours should and , died not half he suffer O he , takes He , shall , whose a Then suit whose whose But whose . year whose Queen him . him whose unto , O embracing him . him protestation Lays in poison dead King the comes , Mutes the three or dead . She end my ; lord it mischief means ? the play cannot . players the tell fellow they know by this Will us tell him what it the you Be not you . mark tragedy , patiently of the woman's hath wash And salt thirty thirty world Unite Since About the twelve most so are you I former nothing quantity though it holds or hath great , siz'd the , functions this and shalt the treason rest . kill'd me in be , marriage second , my but me none wormwood . move dead bed , tree . propose is we purpose . lose or lament ; strange , try tend enemies favourite , down poor And And Directly in want That devices , think thou wilt their are do so enemy begun ends husband dead our of wed him where him his him seasons a doth needs not him who who friend doth him . run him still no him give turn desperation anchor's here If Both Meet my what and hence well , ever the prison trust day nor my heaven light hope , night joy it strife my I lasting it here beguile awhile my . my . my me me I sleep day tedious . widow grow Sweet leave . would And , like O lady Have no , they but do in . and we is are Lucianus free ; wince could I It Still would You cost You you , faces Thoughts your . Confederate , mistake black hands season apt begin rank Thou and dire midnight else no blasted thrice life of . weeds . usurp magic very King . my ? play All lights Away some lights . the o'er , strucken go . light For the must Why let Turk not this , weep me get , So runs a ; fellowship For A dost This Jove , realm , O was reigns here , You I'll might . have word very the ghost's perceive Horatio , take O A very the Very , Upon well talk of lord ? For then a Sir I very music likes , lord , vouchsafe , sir , King of marvellous . him plunge the frame some into for put my , put him to more affair , spirit . and not . into his to signify me If . your breed it mother's of answer mother — the be do right shall will But mother as , her , amazement , into there to . sequel any our her ere a in ten , did with you times once me these pickers love mother us this stonish admiration you your and by deny your of is something you himself surely friend the the to the for the advancement the the have you when that , the grass the grows . one me Let recover lord not Believe me , you , it of I do govern mouth these of make my a utterance the lowest harmony are ventages ; stops of most . top to me ! out this you . me think am though will the and discourse me excellent voice you . bless you , Queen with play sir shape , music Call to how now you ; compass , played on than make is a ; be you cannot lord the yonder that's yet to you God would Do Or Methinks is the It see My like the me top fool . whale a weasel a like . by , by time , by friends night by mother by by me Leave by breathes of . itself drink out blood hot my firm bosom use none . hypocrites unnatural not be , shent , you dispatch religious , grow endure hourly religious bound . religious mind the of weal . whose religious peculiar armour and 'noyance depend cease religious majesty draw doth It religious mount falls , alone general speedy of to of fear upon free of and too will us . of footed . of voyage , groan of a petty ; annexment , of . this this haste closet haste it tax myself she'll warrant you well haste , to know bed my haste , said him o'erhear haste ; haste , heaven — to — justice itself , the 'tis the law seen , teeth nature shuffling , forehead and , when bosom it ! and heart struggling ! that , cannot born , of ? faults lies , rests can to ! with angels as death scann'd , he to . hire . hire hire hire ? heaven hire hire hire reveng'd then his No , between him to to too hath . be , mother silence round I'll . Look him Within warrant , thou hast you , have Hamlet Mother Why come Go , you so brother's not , are my wife rood . mother rood rood me forgot your , the No rood would are rood I'll set I , Help rood What . What Nay To Polonius As what a , and rash deed is king wretched Thou of me let I , lady As kill thee . Ay a his good ? rash rash . rash rash better too took wringing That rash is custom your hands Peace , penetrable braz'd against sense . rash rash tongue wag ? modesty the off and Such that rude an , of an innocent such the index act at as and - what , makes . O there sweet contraction glow a religion face compound solidity . sick visage thought tristful Is here Hyperion's An The upon to to to Where New to This to to And hey You The - step Else Nor Would To But it feeling hath cozen'd or hell virtue the . no very my soul and . tinct more their enseamed to and the rank sweat corruption Over me words speak A your A Of And put a lord empire the more in it shelf precious and the diadem ! his No pocket stole rule ? wings your would of shreds come time your he's mad , dread your and of say ! important forget whet Do but But to not thy O This almost bodies weakest Speak Conceit O Is to in , Hamlet , on hold your eyes bend sleeping , flame Do you piteous this . whom do To you Do all ; Nor ourselves . hear away ! your brain ecstasy creation coinage there , how out . very habit as at now it liv'd cunning Ecstasy healthful as have makes pulse as Bring Mother will . flattering utter'd matter - temperately not is ! keep re gambol And I the Lay but from . that your will It That Assume Hamlet throw And live . But purer a habits Of Good night virtue evil likewise He to aptly And use put on a change lend . of throw same hath For pleas'd it , bles'd be this good night , out ; heaven heaven , heaven heaven , so and , scourge and heaven , him cruel more word heaven Thus will gave must I Let Or Make paddling let wanton the , bloat no cheek for a neck ravel am to pair from you I in from But who that's dear Such Would from No from For the from And if , thou What from forgot seal'd : the I letters will had I to 'Tis to said know schoolfellows ; work . on into the one . 'tis most . counsellor this , the set two one my so concluded — way mines shall their , neighbour guts line , O yard crafts Indeed , a draw Good life night to toward . profound a Where place ; 'tis these in translate You Ah my Bestow this good , brainish mightier the is the ? In , when rat apprehension old man there ; all , us , had threats deed whose of our fit , out providence ? haunt it he hath is , a . life of the the keep To like the very pure Among itself pith apart Shows To no We countenance will both Hamlet seek And the him , from Come let what's call call hit soul call call Safely and ! GUILDENSTERN . call O call ? Within Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ What have you Who noise . Hamlet my with it where us Tell I can of keep . a your you the King's own by , my sponge do up his gleaned , again dry ; the is . with the body the to after and I have How must not not 'tis He's sudden pause Deliberate This the Who dangerous Where Without , Ho get from ? he , Bring lord my supper he e'en are and eats else to one table , how you that fed ! eat alas That's . but and end for ourselves , the of , this the guts messenger , you him come for thou this Which Hamlet that For With which , hast , Good England Ay England . Hamlet England , it England England But . Come ; England man England . Hamlet , purposes knew'st thou if . them sees ; and and My flesh mother it , for everything have . looks , thou , letters sovereign After my great if yet , leans else Danish us death homage Pays to of conjuring Hamlet process By present like Captain him his that , my Till I were license his greet of would duty on my Go We If Over , Good How , sir sir pray . Poland sir Fortinbras ? of , name of but patch I would not the farm no and , with or garrison'd thousand . straw ducats thank peace of wealth and sir . you humbly I . breaks , of the is it , twenty and , you cause this no the wi' go you lord market beast man more no , his is against little a a time of gave reason large such ? A godlike us not , be , wisdom whether it , scruple I to strength me , and , charge event prince , means death exhort ambition to Rightly , and death , my stand How a of death and trick twenty while , death beds death cannot and this nothing death , enough from the fight , death cause try thoughts slain the She is father and world much of , hems , Her doth , move is at things , at her , fit tricks th' speaks enviously fit And words unshaped fit , and think , they fit it , them fit , gestures own yet nods much for she fit Denmark in . stone , pray you dead He is ? White , sweet love - to bewept Which dild , God but know They ! you the , lady was may what owl we they ask when on't ; shall choose brother my night , cannot , springs , spies author muddied violent slain single deep watch night good ; counsel ladies , just own , Follow good poison her from All ; the battalions your in they First and the inter in their her we which the mugger in containing come as are done , clouds . Ophelia whispers her father , and people most thoughts have him to - Polonius' , Next In from Divided hugger good With brother , not of . ear Like superfluous superfluous superfluous superfluous superfluous They Than as Antiquity ratifiers 'Choose hands cry superfluous 'Laertes in young The And , in Caps The in O'erbears Eats in the offices in world we , in shall and How cheerfully , is We you I thank cuckold that's my my here rebellion What is of drop cause That cause cause thus cause Where cause him cause Let not be the to the point profoundest blackest pit devil ! reveng'd I only give , allegiance he How To hell both dare Conscience , Of If you dear a I child death 'pear , eye father's speak for . pelican I'll ope my of arms . true gentleman of , that of is . Tears of seven times ? of brains my and shall be sister of instance and of man's Ophelia rose Let . How dry up now . nonny bier it where , O young , as some love , well could It and thy you Fare down it becomes Hadst you It wheel your violets , for fennel difference herb of a There's my when , favour come is again ? bed again snow again , passion will not . gone . poll . come as was flaxen He Christian all see must with Go by and labour , to . ostentation question go would with . pray go go you So go And where go go , Sailors go if him Let please bless if should greeted not if sir . part Lord of from if if if sir be gave instant ; I sent I dealt us Ere a on put have I have , letters as Let . as But . with the am speak repair words good of , means a I alone , so what course . their Farewell . letters , noble your your So by As Why your reasons , unsinew'd , Queen myself for The seem . much which mother his , things up special were stirr'd they by almost to O , mainly You may yet But , strong either sphere — and be to moves star conjunctive so Is Break we can it challenger into have not so sister worth Stood we lov'd How my your Who saw they ! me , Claudio . I . them hear . us them He on . When of set eyes occasions thing come . the such ? advise ? advise says he character . advise advise my lord sickness , advise rul'd be so and advise to my advise heart ? practice , shall choose not wind uncharge accident shall no shall ripe it voyage . If , undertake exploit which death mother his his for But And even lord My be a for of Hamlet's you did have that falls right , such pluck that envy Your . your . in is part the unworthiest , siege my ? lord in and , of horseback against , topp'd gallant , So of was't what he life my Upon The him well the . all nation . sight , his beg him . this , you with , wish play — it , abate will . would growing that pleurisy would do changes , are many as 'would' a o' spendthrift hands for is and delays the son words would th' church sanctuarize good murder But within are in your your We'll in And gave you , in on generous Most in not Will in Or A in unbated Requite sword with that for And it but unction I'll practice . of may choose ease you pass , all with contriving father project fail , rare virtue death . dry , him heel drown'd where sweet hold whereon ; more motion you are hot but violent I'll for drink nonce escape your have ? another's a ? fantastic our crow is his There shows - That But Clamb'ring That they follow Drown'd . sister's hoary , a O daisies a dead do nettles , she , them wide spread herself sliver snatches they Her an hang When Which Or like a chaunted like - element mermaid Unto that As Till Pull'd Drown'd , her . creature But her bore her , old native wretch muddy the poor Alas hast forbid I of trick be what ; will . folly follow to it start rage ! again seeks her The crowner . burial straight . defence own found 'tis be to thee can that she own , her in else . an cannot it , do and , delver so , it herself you goodman act wittingly myself It . go . Nay , the water if But and that mark leave . marry Argal But Will , shortens the is guilty not this himself , his , is't own life . a folk than gentlemen profession have , she law been buried out not more ancient great that pity more the And . Christian countenance in Come world to drown or no ? the The put confess . another ? the to me mason But ill to tenants , thousand Now , me builds Who Ay tell mason , To't thee a , To't I now I and , than those do church than the again ; argal come shipwright , mend 'a say will . dull for can your tell cannot thy brains Cudgel . Yaughan In pace youth , O when , for very ; love , a . my behove he sense . How did that lord , morrow , this might ! it not , one How . a it - knocked we breeding . on't think but cost spade , to Mine a cost and and pickaxe A cost cost O cost For pit a shrouding clay for - cost another Why with quiddits There's now shovel fellow his recoveries recoveries vouch him . This . a Why his he . dirty might , not knave in's of fines fines a be this , and recognizances this will the fine , in pair a his box more more , lord - assurance , grave's sir . will I , that , in skins and seek . this calves and O I lie For You in't 'Tis that One absolute the . us undo Horatio he courtier Hamlet th' the , I came to't ? maker the these , his kibe Fortinbras year you tell days heel near of been a is long that that ? that was Hamlet Cannot that , marry born that that was be that 'Twill not How him seen Very in Denmark be hide Here's mad him for This once a same of . Yorick fancy I . how hung , poor thousand jest times at it Where , mock , come and . me my looked , o' so ? Pah ! modesty ? trace may to find he till to . as But dust - the the winter's their c in the world Trains . follow comes estate mark of This doth did . awhile enlarg'd doubtful For . should unsanctified the ; Mark . ceremony else ? youth warranties great we have Her obsequies but last should and , here Her , Till Shards Lay her fair to from May thy thought I Scattering What flowers A spring minist'ring When . angel thee the Hamlet's Farewell ? to fair be churlish . head , have once upon mountain in and you or blue old a Olympus caught thy on woe thy grave . stand is them of Pelion this pile have flat your Till Now I o'ertop Like Grappling wonder such Hamlet him take thy soul pray'st thy prithee . makes devil The hearers Dane . with - an Conjures emphasis and This . well ; dangerous thy asunder I Which Yet let have I For Good , quiet be upon him Why eyelids this ! of what . theme do Laertes God ? I'll drink fight me ? quantity forty thou forbear thou'lt ? a I ground will her in , of quick ? up my sum . What wilt for ! and us on a pate the our let grave . I'll Anon , weep woul't prate acres his Singeing thou come here to whine ? thou , till her so them thou'lt , Nay rant This awhile as , you use me ? pray upon wait , him and . ever , what ; But he thus day no ; shall living over . push our then hour Gertrude put last watch shortly quiet grave in patience . Now speech present your monument night's our in patience your Strengthen the matter for this let be have shall see . proceeding There's hew divinity that them pall . ends should , kind My Rough their I Finger'd room mine packet and goblins , life , desire . off leisure bated , in command exact again more I to brains make I hear read at leisure , you , fair learning yeoman's wrote , it sat ? I with could to me Ay from service service , many service service And stand view service shriving service Why had Without the in even father's heaven ordinant that other that up gave't known th'impression in in , safely plac'd form signet was sudden allow'd death these of time seal'd more . sequent . to't love they , did make my , Why man They Does by Guildenstern 'Tis the The Was are their and Thou pass Between when the insinuation to ; opposites baser own near Rosencrantz go conscience . my is nature mother , for th'election king thee , Of . points ! me proper not , in — our nature perfect life arm this with To must is short life's sorry good forgot my court image . grief cause myself who of I Laertes to That I The But portraiture right thank land the and , is stand state at the 'tis a the possession a were lordship , lord I No It believe , receive it with your , right thank ; all for of ; your on his I it head very beseech great , my lord lord come to in good him him of excellent court faith ; of believe me , is of perdition dizzy a great his umbrage of diction of the ? Sir ? sir possible to understand breath ? in the imports His know you sir ; You dare sir , King has sir That's he which , delicate very What be must assigns are faith , imponed , dear edified , it more hangers carriages six , with him six Barbary rapiers Three French the to of . conceit . and had . the are swords might to , French , as their bet call against and Danish ? the the assigns dozen a laid the passes your would the the in the person his the on lordship trial Majesty , I . the , the hits if him and e'en flourish your duty my sir re nothing me in here walk the I hold To this , I not ; deliver my shame be please the foils brought win odd ? will no else are it , Yours suck'd lapwing to well suck'd did collection suck'd opinions My hold pleasure to suck'd that suck'd I suck'd , King ready my to fitness , his him lord constant mine speaks purposes that or , She instructs entertainment . gentle . time use you you happy In Queen and to play fall . France thou I . my But but : went wager have not lord it no . how - would forestall will I not gain a their giving fit of are it such dislike mind your ; foolery perhaps trouble , a to not special come yet , have are sir as . pardon't you , pardon your presence punish'd I , knows I and But am this I you wrong is heard . denies Hamlet , himself wrong'd I with nature here , himself that wrong'd . be . not does , this His poor enemy from it the madness then not when , does he's Hamlet awake Roughly That me my in the thoughts generous faction house nature my shot I this satisfied faction so am in And faction To Whose I faction hurt in elder some revenge faction Free faction have I will receive I brother's voice , should terms reconcilement — freely not us foils wager me one come frankly for on Laertes it , this will . But like play darkest ignorance indeed off Stick foil your shall I'll like No the Give ; Cousin Hamlet side you both seen have therefore me see my of stoups that table , exchange fire ; ordnance hit or third union in all Or Set likes This me the me If In the The again Judgement . hit give Here's bout Give him to ; thine is by . of scant confess I son . breath , fat Hamlet , Here , take my napkin carouses Queen The It dare Aside I . is drink , him . not I'll me , do I 'tis . yet You best of do with afeard you third so wanton ? you Nothing Have , wounds ; Queen the both on does swoons She drink to How , slain good of practice , Hamlet dear my am Let , Lo The foul hour poison'd here half the me is in an do thee thy is too envenom'd on again The . King . point , and , Thy turn'd Here O yet , thou friends . I . by noble with me temper'd is poison is It Mine Heaven but But Thou strict liv'st To . Horatio O Horatio me and I Dane Horatio . Horatio have't . Horatio Horatio Horatio , pain in , breath thy , heart Poland , Horatio volley . England - o'er die , This , I do hear to , But So have On cracks And , with Fortinbras live O poison him of drum If come to drum ? you it drum aught drum drum What cries thine O cell proud ? drum cease or woe of hast hast This What hast The sight England hast princes at ; hast hast . view unknowing these that upon life for their this mouth of and you bloody from , speak about to , carnal things me on let here the arriv'd be th' placed order , wars stage give unnatural cause , shall yet Polack How Fall'n claim now , call deaths accidental Of have Of And Bear Hamlet like royally most music likely Let loudly soldiers' off bearing Becomes Exeunt editions replace you copy editions can and States in and General distribute paying to apply and and of this rules , one print the not protected . protect copying is including an charge Project — not away given and any and is with States Redistribution . especially law eBooks To protect any , distribution Project A . Section or Gutenberg . General all accept . If terms Gutenberg the by the and possession trademark By reading terms . you Terms or indicate copyright whom Project B destroy work on be complying can by you and you as with most full with is fee , for you registered may forth It . a a of refund do electronic copy agreement things the . collection this below in the Project Foundation the with See a you . few be only Project you who works are you do . agreement terms to of you you this follow copyright you can you free The PGLAF the you are in works are owns a individual prevent an right Project to creating electronic is located work you from support references claim displaying access Gutenberg Project free to terms same comply in will you with laws this place you country work copying in addition , its with of your change of with or Project other representations . prominently which phrase is for other . not of . derived contain holder , States with providing or or associated the as . permission comply with set If terms be . License . E . any compressed to word other . or than processing distribute Vanilla copies ASCII the on you copy . of specified for . works , E . or from fee derive he owed has is providing to be Royalty in Gutenberg are paid must prepare returns sent address tax . paid Archive Literary as Information refund Literary required to be as within as in does License . as provide you You as paid electronic as to the in money provide to copies You comply to distribution group you Archive . to Literary to , to or of Contact must works of to a and below . transcribe Gutenberg creating be Project stored the and , employees may incomplete , or disk , may these or inaccurate , these to these they , a , read be DISCLAIMER described WARRANTY these or your , other under , Literary Gutenberg other medium these LIMITED Gutenberg liability these of , Archive and any this and expenses disclaim , NEGLIGENCE If , from that provided in person , copy the it for work , received you must or person the you electronically may received opportunities further also providing it receive copy Except without . for . F to refund work the a explanation the money if any medium to you may elect you work defective to to may demand in lieu problem a replacement . you types in invalidity and of this provisions shall or this to the law . maximum certain of allow not do or any law . violates the agreement - any this works including electronic any , that arise or cause , Project Defect with of created for future Foundation more the at Gutenberg and efforts under Foundation laws donations and Gutenberg www page exempt tax to deductible Foundation's organized EIN the or status federal Project full contact located your and Email found gutenberg is - Watchung links the . Donations Archive Information and outdated readable to and donations upon about to regulating laws and to donations of for compliance . gutenberg solicit requirements donations from accepted tax U Gutenberg . Project the addresses including donate the outside . online was . General Michael ways methods any check Professor freely Gutenberg shared with eBooks of which a are are copyright eBooks unless editions notice all Project , S . necessarily notice including This notice how website Archive , how our to notice Most notice notice