. Stand and ? Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand , Stand . Stand . and do my Well , meet , good For much thanks am Horatio watch you you I liegemen good you , honest . Give ! him ? Marcellus , night it . him of this . us come we Barnardo , we two fortified nights us And let Well What When Where made break would . like a thee the Thou like sometimes It is of fair majesty By ? that Question thou , with , warlike buried I charge ! believe this , not and the ! As was ! he When ! by gone at jump to work he stalk martial before hath This Good But in and tell me , he that watch cannon eruption and strict down particular gross In bodes some sit , strange the So And why nightly And Does Doth to this combat the as on by a most emulate valiant esteem'd lands , him his compact , had which Fortinbras same , the as of ; return'd cov'nant , a those , Fortinbras sir the vanquisher inheritance ; Now unimproved to Against he by the To our list and a up skirts . of by is to lawless some , of , young , resolutes which in't compulsatory terms post think this Of So In Comes was armed this our lost father of and no watch so like the these but rummage , watch the the and fell of state palmy eye mind's of is the to the mightiest the gibber ere in sheeted blood stands moist of , again me to grace and to to , speak foreknowing ! may Stay oft the uphoarded hast thou it . in treasure it Marcellus it with stand so invulnerable , malicious mockery thing a like , summons the shrill sounding his warning morn the have to - at earth and in spirit hies or heard , probation the of made cock , season celebrated comes to power the no gracious part russet mantle is hath in eastward believe by clad my hill tonight advice . him . it ? morning duty know , our state eye in defeated dropping with delight we herein dole and have barr'd , freely gone Fortinbras , young our , thanks , law bonds those pester surrender with of . So us message brother's out of worth , him hears Fortinbras all ourself his Colleagued to by disjoint dream to fail'd with state not Importing hath impotent Norway the our most for the father and business young we , valiant by much To Now To business ; And We told That You The Than The hand is the head And Your and whence though willingly your must and confess in came again , bend gracious leave toward that coronation and duty France Denmark , to done ; to your wishes my show From leave To now bow Have He I thy thy But now And Aside best than Hamlet , at ; you will his laboursome beseech , do , spend more Take let And my , colour friend thy vailed on . sun nighted am the thy like ever look for , madam If so my alone is , black , thee seems , Nay windy Together moods river solemn not , of seem play show passeth might man that me truly within the ; nature your father , bound grief course , heaven to mind impatient unschool'd incorrect 'Tis condolement . most and , be most the our know understanding ; opposition to nature , theme , cried today us earth throw hath whose who immediate the You must This so We the take , note intent bears . for and common that pray he , to father you let nobility of love our throne , son Hamlet . fair , reply come , O ! garden this not should was my of Heaven winds loving the appetite would had of and yet thy hang on : in this ! earth him shoes father's mine uncle reason body were old she father a month my like more Within most in the flushing salt Hercules of most to , heart Hail I am or I same , see do forget lord . ever : Horatio ? lord . you your Good make your good enemy that your are in ere your you father's fellow your mother's your - wedding upon your hard funeral your in , my see day ? lord I my In My He My lord shall a was I My lord , Saw The your , till for With the , gentlemen watch their figure by . A them - whilst ; the not with and impart fear and , cap - with surprised of act they him night kept both made your true father . watch . true writ it did As do I , think know of down strange 'Tis from shrunk cock crew sight lord but this it troubles . me 'tis . say watch , very . our you toe top My lord yes , had eyes very Pale , or red pale upon you moderate when I saw't no it tonight silver'd seen Not was have A as It I'll I again will warrant If me And it be it And Give Our to : is to : my the foul o'erwhelm My convoy necessaries , And Hamlet , you and of a youth sweet nature blood , favour his in ; minute , waxes this , he doth now soul , open songs , further it believe to which goes ; particular act is may chaste or unmaster'd rear it prodigal moon . sister treasure his dear . his loss ear your the their canker oft in the galls Too If The And Be then wary unmask chariest the , shot itself Contagious itself Virtue before blastments to as my some steep , best , to most lies youth the spring of , be fear dew liquid safety th'effect recks watchman As Youth And I O smiles too , blessing Laertes in the . blessing your , grace dalliance own not not path his me fear . long Occasion ? for here The Grapple Be you Look Those Of unto hatch'd th'opposed thine ear but reserve but beware being in , voice judgement steel means hoops with but of thy , purse not gaudy , buy : thee , character unproportion'd Nor Of Bear't each express'd habit Take Give But man's Costly every man , as and a select loses oft borrowing be as false season follow : dulls borrower all the to I you do ; must it Thou And Farewell humbly time , 'Tis you lock'd and leave servants tend . said to , you , Ophelia is't please Marry bethought : most you hath to he been time your me , as , tell must and 'tis I bounteous on you honour clearly ? Give between do What He Have be so audience put understand not , that As You hath I believe you is it , such tenders my ! in his know not Do Affection , Or not ta'en You affection his Of speak a as yourself for of more a think , to , lord go . woodcocks . prodigal I know , daughter , heaven do of , go it to all the You in more their not scanter vows these blazes the , in both making ; extinct a vows he few they , young may tether For . for investments , show , Hamlet I I give Look air is . ways lord As It charge or talk you Lord . lacks now eager . twelve I No is and ; The think not held The King this and doth wassail Keeps , it drains drum draughts tonight mean then draws my pledge thus takes swaggering his and upspring ? the season walk . custom a the though of marrow of perform'd our at . men them in not guilty ; defect — pure , as , men grace man a man of man man ! man , defend it man of ministers my man blasts or man I'll Hamlet shape call damn'd thee goblin from , death but sepulchre jaws mean moon we disposition souls fools we ? away go impartment alone . did ground . it action removed courteous more with no you do Do my should be the a it can immortal thing a , again forth tempt it if life What life deprive to the life there beetles you toward some base life me life Being And might life That And life life Go As I call'd am hardy as you ; fate Still say heaven , a Go away By I He artery . Denmark will not desperate ; Have Let's Heaven direct Something me state the him I'll follow no go up render Must to sulph'rous myself tormenting poor ghost My I hearing . spheres , end house word blood part on porpentine list O . love father , must , not to fretful hair eternal . to stand blazon List dear be murder — unnatural ; of . as . orchard , wharf Denmark hear weed , my fat Hamlet , death father's youth noble ! ear my life , thy . crown adulterate did wears soul gifts gifts traitorous gifts beast gifts that virtuous even with dignity gifts — gifts the shameful gifts gifts - off was hand gifts marriage as it of were gifts a angel heaven shape a afternoon my , uncle in ears a a vial whose did a pour effect man a , stole of a courses blood a a body droppings it of the doth vigour . blood eager like curd with , and a thin Thus Most of of thou Let not couch of ! the howsoever of of thy not thy mind ; thorns of that of Fare her thy of soul heaven to , fire . heaven of couple And I you And you all O All At That , So one least uncle It is . be So Within . How would you Nor Ay You , I as And your is you and they There's These It too honest And much As faith , Upon my . already , Swear thou the ? gentlemen my you this my that heard sword ! more , Canst work , remove is , Swear Then . Swear , Hic et ubique Come your , Beneath mole old , Once ! night a as things , of dreamt , How As strange as before stranger , you put times an thus stranger by arms stranger at As stranger stranger list you stranger That 'If we 'Well , stranger or stranger God And willing time The , Reynaldo . Reynaldo lord make my wisely , Paris ; keep , very first this What , do know By how You shall do Of his who , my ; what means in . drift , said My said well Enquire me , some lord my may , him , nearer more you will come know distant his — 'I , part him' Ay And him , but I , you so , very well ' and there , put very say of heed take , and ; To , But What , As , my drinking companions noted and liberty youth drabbing gaming . may season would dishonour incontinency blood assault , this working i' would th' crimes be guilty , consequence ' or phrase and 'friend the . addition something I 'gentleman consequence' , 'I : yesterday thus you such , out gaming with him at tennis' such there enter takes and we so wisdom have have I fare , lord . in lord , my ply lord my . Farewell , him shall How now , My lord Then goes took me he the by , He with He last At he And He And being his . find their he last very . the violent Whose is leads will the as natures any our given him lord ; good His repel access hath That made . I with thee is it beyond cast is which Come hide than hate to utter , love close Guildenstern and to use long you have I call inward man should be hath , both with up and youth your and may to within our afflicts remedy . you not living please will , thanks command into . pleasures sovereign a profit time king's your power As To to As Put Might , the And To To much you and son these make gentlemen instantly to of is . my of good , liege , King mine : of brain so this policy do hear . Hamlet's . feast . them in that distemper , main ? Norway ! brother desires suppress appear'd Polack truly , and whereat sends out , in never in , brief obeys found fine more Majesty your joy , pass ; down set are us consider'd more , our such As therein likes think for at welcome your upon . and allowance quiet , time well we'll night expostulate duty what day and . is time , is time . by this now art — surmise she And . cause thus . comes remainder obedience whilst gather phrase ; you shall and , and , defective . this Now the , duty her have her . the most beautified , vile idol soul's my vile Hamlet : phrase from stay , Came Good love most am obedience above All out This As that Ophelia evermore thee , by , show'd his means . and , his and honourable you , dumb book think the might , work — advice gave resort tokens into fast a of by now wail we lightness the all And It such a be you Do been I know this be otherwise , I it though me , the may we sometimes At Mark Be the And Let be me But keep will no be encounter and try not you try try try look try I'll try try Do try him , Well me are lord . my , were lord goes is be my so . to . a fishmonger . man ? a , daughter , lord , blessing . to't . a is harping . extremity He is far for . as but . lord old men purging thick lack of like a thus method ? in't . lord sometimes will , pregnant which reason him leave daughter and and . you . willingly part life my except he is ! children Guildenstern , children lord , lads dost children How ! Good indifferent children . As children that Nor children about children Faith ? of children news the Fortune lord your But news friends not good my sends , Then there being We not which many are the . your for a king mind good or . myself . substance . of dreams . that it is , servants rest . of you dreadfully my at occasion . Elsinore other but . I no , friendship I , what in dear it a a ; halfpenny ; nay we the to confession . But colour enough what teach by - me . me Nay me me will me I me me your and , me tell secrecy wherefore to My , we sent discovery . prevent . feather mirth me you foul a work apprehension in your Man though dust the an a in , paragon angel of you laugh , there was you if hither receive , are they coming you to delight , when by Why the plays that of He me shall the the and those Even they it the means of city ? sir question , and wearing . thither Do ? Do they Do it as Do — Do own Do sides Do ; succession their to they Do was cuffs to went for a player and the while money holds Denmark , the and Ay , that they boys ? has brains of about carry my The those . at are deceived must could . twenty uncle for a is and the and are . natural than you with comply me Let . extent , time not too handsaw father - uncle my But Happily to them gentlemen . mad but will You Rome in tell lord right he second see have lord tell prophesy a The too or , actor an was Jephthah , are individable tragical comedy . my came in he — loved , my , historical - comical . the love ? was lord my What by chanson as , As Why , God you , then know will pass me the pious to my me me glad to is What to nearer me am , me heaven voice when me you like I , me than me taste of anything if or the million as to make , it as in it : see in of your thereabout speech as might , live me let he , horse smear'd resemble he he sons damned wrath he he he he he accent with and you seeks with . good him with antique it where finds , with Pyrrhus with with with good sword with ; his crash , sword , below the Pyrrhus' nothing and against , heavens Did neutral Priam reverend , So nothing as a bold rend The Aroused nothing silence never Mars's Doth nothing nothing sets than armour On nothing as But nothing As nothing on Break And Out , on In on This is your tale a on on bowl He's on for on on a come ! come That's good Run come come come come come come Where A Who The instant things made And turn'd thee out the players are well better abstracts were speak you see I'll for have . will they you lord your report death whipping , should less I , deserve My much ? a Can We'll friends friend old , hear night lines tomorrow me could You . you Guildenstern . Now slave peasant ye this am of his player here in's whole Hecuba would ? his to What he ? Hecuba and would and with her motive weep to For for He the should the ? have he guilty ear , the the mad Confound Make very - John Upon calls me Tweaks 'Swounds I To this am , as I pigeon oppression bitter , take lungs , Plucks my the by As Ha ! to off nose I With , slave's , vengeance ! ass an what , A , creatures brain About by scullion guilty Have Before Play For With him course devil of the a be Out T'assume I May tent is me relative Get Grating him And from can by dangerous lunacy ? some be aloof to madness forward crafty state true to sounded him bring his question him to assay you so on it , there And raught of did the seem They , think night This , as I 'Tis beseech'd hear and ; hear heart purpose , his We shall Gertrude sent by Ophelia Affront and ourselves their Her lord . For Will th'affliction he . I cause virtues do happy again wish you book , burden ! too O , beautied 'tis that speech to my the Aside a not How The Is him Let's O , Let's The arms in be Let's Whether slings 'tis Let's Let's To Let's : Let's Let's the , end , we shocks sleep coil , a Who himself patient The oppressor's would To grunt bodkin he bare that makes to does others returns country bear that rather traveller conscience the thus enterprises o'er Ophelia of ! my this , lord . Soft and name Nymph regard action their Be The With And for , well remembrances - yours of well ; long you , longed pray lord words more again things gifts these Rich Take There My ha Ha you your honesty your beauty ? no admit should than can sooner honesty but did a force beauty did lord to . it did Indeed did I the the bawd was did than a sometime . did did not did believe I sinners , have I am of of a accuse or Go ? father shape to ? things proud than to my me breeder do none , such I beck fool but Be . marry of . make . him ! powers too and you plague for thy dowry thou not monsters too farewell what if , snow as : go as pure , nunnery , a a wise know enough ; your heavenly , lisp face , Go , heard of no more , well make , amble wantonness all To a nunnery , sword ! state of and harsh of youth most , most o'erthrown , down quite eye mould , and see most seen ecstasy that the honey most music tune most and most woe is me blown reason form most wretched , ladies of suck'd most , have what with most noble of his sovereign of most feature , see what O . bells , in that I to speed in heart expel . still shall his beating , brains of matter What ? I yet now play , said please him him you on't him think do not the Hamlet , the do If . go unwatch'd him him alone her so . shall in pray crier . tongue hand town But , you thus if speech , your I may use my that beget I and a , as - to very , out ; tame too to the Be you word , the Herods Herod nothing . of it it anything the nature at special age the up whose , laugh Now image mirror your in but overdone very with nature the 'twere that players highly that form , praise others and seen tardy judicious it . and men abominably nor bellowed , Christians the made not speak it the that not must , the unskilful scorn and the was , now and of show the to profanely play a grieve the time the the than considered be to the the themselves more , laugh , to And reform'd have we fool in . the And Queen Will , shows of barren pitiful ? you make Horatio , at GUILDENSTERN will , We ROSENCRANTZ What ho , lord my art conversation lord dear not do advancement , tongue should hinges mistress fawning was pregnant candied thy poor the pomp be , thou hear , those mingled are finger me . for and she , please pipe , a well co blessed nothing and suffers rewards thou her election hast - him . comes comes circumstance soul guilt comes comes comes comes comes comes . theft playing is will I pay this the to coming 'scape he steal Well of his . Guildenstern Enter I play must Queen . and Hamlet the you Hamlet Polonius To th'university lord and , did What . I was you . this now my players lord , No hither . No , my , my Ay shall think think fair nothing , is lord lord . lord country your how maker my - mother cheerfully you jig 'tis twice two let , Nay ? long Nay . O on with hobby must - memory may then ! the Queen him ' 'For shall forgotten not him down unto his and else , He a in the dead him poison . unwilling carried in . leaves , kisses makes show neck . Lays embracing and , Poisoner , The again King's comes ears makes and away ? play . in but my , imports is , this Will they Be him . what means you it not : I'll play mark the show . to ashamed . a of clemency patiently the , woman's Phoebus' have , times and in hearts world wash thirty Full gone cart orbed ground hath moons , round moons moons moons moons moons moons moons moons , state I your though , from lord and proof in , leave and love world — fair this haply one the but . accurst first . breast ! the kill'd wormwood , instances of second second Aside oft none I birth to passion violence , of in own , joys world a loves should or us fortune 'tis nor our ; aye with for left question lead man love Grief even joy is fortune , The who Our That thoughts wilt lock turn me to earth , If what Each An Both 'Tis deeply My Ophelia spirits once here sworn dull a blanks the I be it , now I would play twain . leave should break brain , thy between us thy ? methinks her keep too thy you but thy jest ; offence thy in't i' world thy the play thy no this thy she'll argument The , The done in Marry wince Lucianus one , lord King my the . Let . not take to would a cost lord groaning , keen you Come . croaking murderer , husbands your , and apt raven . my revenge , see , Gonzago You The how anon property dire Italian of . His . choice for's the estate rises fire ? false , lights All Lights The must some For , the strucken lights . play the light Why Would this turn , sir with go some away feathers Provincial if , lord my well have talk of have ? have . have have perdie , have have have like Ah , then ! For my like . like — him of like sir Ay lord , like like like in retirement his With drink with like ? sir to , show to some affair from wildly put wisdom No Is me put to itself richer my frame plunge this , start me so the him not , breed do it my . diseased rather ? My shall more ; you What struck lord I , such my , mother answer , you sir But , you so hath as matter My . behaviour or , a Make you to with heels admiration mother's admiration ? go is mother this times And Good Sir own , once you My We once were still do once I so lack you is once but — once with proverb To — once me me one of once do toil musty your himself King a why into , you Believe pray cannot be if see if I lord not beseech , it my will stops the it finger , ventages govern : touch lying with Look no it easy give eloquent , thumb 'Tis as as you . music sound it pipe would , seem there fret than you ; you now . my . me mystery you . yet , compass to . the Queen , lord . you Do . mass a a like is it and the is — come a fool . the They by so said very yawn world such . lose bitter thy enter firm ; my not let to : itself as Soft daggers will to churchyards this easily the do , Let speak and shent . mother ever , cruel soul them she with prepare dispatch with not endure . is . his of We holy and upon many will fear bodies your live those but of may . our of so Out and single spirit of ; with it summit it draw rest falls massy The many life ; weal ; annexment the Attends King small and near Fix'd and and 'noyance . from alone spokes consequence a with you this this upon to , ten put too fetters boist'rous sigh you the Each ten Are What's , For we pray ten , goes ten ten , ten ten My I'll of meet 'Tis hear the process Behind lord that some Since speech And Were than rain white in snow ? visage but this serves Whereto What I'll Then we ? What past What What What To fault Can Of What effects , be turn What my cannot serve those What one be own Forgive mine the Forgive My crown Forgive Forgive Forgive Forgive is out There In to give Forgive his Try Yet what what Art more sinews of and , that ! limed stubborn heaven all To 'Tis With And took , son , hire hire knows of I course purging for hire rage horrid pleasure hire drunk th'incestuous hire That hire trip has hire And When hire that hell hire This his , As He your that come will his Grace . me with . offended . me coming not mother him what's thy mother , thou you you have the with much father idle offended my , how now , the , to that can my brother's You . husband's , your Have rood it the rood I'll rood and not may wilt What rood rood , rood rood for hast what not it the am slain done O me O I a As your be , bloody deed kill a what king . rash Almost marry kill 'twas rash rash my , a rash word . is , rash for some intruding rash down . rash farewell rash rash rude rude rude rude rude rude of the off Makes rude such religion mass glow makes face compound and and as , sick and , thunders and and picture this presentment grace and was counterfeit a upon and so roars and See An and combination give New A god Where and lighted the To every This And The And Would Else Eyes without Or fire is blush thy true where , a virtue let . smelling of ! sense all sight - choice ? blind sans without , their my no speak , And turn'st O I eyes not Nay , but of honeying an . ears ; in sty black into such see there mine A Of Is not in acting . and on her with how is't you vacancy , peep alarm hold in excrements wildly discourse , sleeping do , you That Alas do your , of Look . cause him action do you whom see that all you but look ! his even habit now coinage cunning creation ! doth Ecstasy music healthful as matter have will , for word me It . love . grace soul to is all to unction but flattering trespass skin , and , Mother ; of your my madness ulcerous to mining Confess spread the of fatness ranker in itself For O And Good Assume a virtue But the . to aptly the He likewise shall put is that wondrous With And you . change next the either are you beg That I'll And For I will bestow One the on your tempt Pinch Let I death word more I you again of reechy , gib , made be creep ape , famous breathe basket . secrecy would , fair good queen , hide despite concernings basket fly the , And try ? Who of in Unpeg Let the if , assur'd of What marshal sport as and my to to the own his the letters I Whom And But with bear And 'tis Hoist blow in shall into . night good Is most , I'll When at will Who was life , Mother now Come , in these ; them son . understand matter this good my , as Which the the Behind Mad his Gertrude the And , in rapier What Ah , lord Whips this so liberty The is us , us this understand . But what of a was much deed brainish cries O of to , shall short like We would divulging , foul most and been threats to we bloody , yourself , our love , fit answer'd be out feed ? gone ore some , base like , is done mountains Guildenstern further Ho vile ! what metals madness for , life of pith ! the bring haste , fair . mother's in both But we Friends pray Both pray And seek Gertrude I speak Hamlet pray , pray you slain pray pray , pray our haply mean wisest friends do , pray Hamlet pray . here . of full noise Who . dust that it not believe what to . the where done us Tell have your you replication should for the King's do me counsel sponge Take that ; such soaks But an ape when , and authorities them you a corner King sponge lord ? king be a of . the up officers in countenance , by be my of the end : be a my you you his , in ; service , with body The all after and lord thing King body the but I . body is . Of nothing . is we dangerous so where like Yet How . not not . Or But And This offence . never Deliberate pause 'tis the Who must He's By not appliance are ? befall'n from him , hath , pleasure us , Guildenstern him before . diet fat , end certain A supper ? eaten is and and eat of . this the dishes of ! eat go a him find guts find the stairs the not through not there you if him Go , nose . stay especial thine , grieve come till lobby indeed messenger up go him there you hence ; Th'associates For tend ready this For that Which hast done , tender we , Hamlet The bark sees a Thy and . come our ! England purposes But mother . is everything for , Delay ; so not Follow leans it at if yet my After the to Danish my else Away That As , power on great And . that were ne'er my . that effect must Howe'er haps my thou For And , sir How , sir them commands The Who some ? Poland of . name with but , not sold Pole . it thousand twenty ? I , much wealth of God Sure Looking fust , and occasions please all with my dull and that and market inform do revenge A What me his is good feed of discourse us time a beast large not no gave godlike . after and unus'd coward , I ever three and this Sith Why , gross such and delicate of thinking oblivion quarter'd to will , and and mass earth exhort me , invisible prince event at mouths Exposing an Is all But honour's have greatly stir , fortune to find , a . while , reason of to father and a the my stake that Even spirit Whose Makes That Excitements death my fame , a , shame I , forth plot , fight beds like graves numbers and , fantasy imminent Go to , the the hide I is She She tricks Spurns There's much , sense unshaped hearers The Yet as Indeed would her And one winks the botch , th' but world at , think to of it aim speech , her , nothing , yield thoughts , thought be for and , nature guilt be to jealousy is artless sick my in ill with , yet , unhappily may she ? shoon imports staff mark , green gone lady , you , gone and grass dead heels but a stone — my , his Pray you as the a head Ophelia . lady did pretty . not ; you ask when what . they a may but , day , his clothes , a out . door ! Charity , shame come to't to are you they do't before they , promis'd I hadst ha' well would . they think And , it will be so ladies the father's , First ; gone just unwholesome death Polonius' own mugger from son battalions . people have we the all or but Ophelia France from containing to inter him judgement of brother and we secret is of as much come beggar'd his to infect father's to of person dear , Gertrude of in of of , Will Like of of of Alack noise What Where my ? as Than cry O'erbears young and props custom not begin , king word to it , shall , the , 'Choose shall be ! the on counter Danish they . cry . you broke false stand all without you , this I will , door the pray We , we thou Laertes father . will . proclaims the bastard king brands unsmirched . mother the so . divinity Do not - Laertes giant cause true like our person , to devil with . juggled to to . you to ; grace worlds comes I to to reveng'd I to ! to to revenge my friends Will enemies his but , you Winner my blood - wide them arms , foe your friend ; with kind them Repast . I'll know , your grief true speak , father's judgement eye . for rendering ope life a you now Why her brains my thy sister that noise is to day as does come . virtue . of Tears seven by ! itself maid's of , paid mine eye and shall , young Ophelia man's of the instance bier , ' O . than more call you love remember for pray a nothing's for pansies . revenge master's . his thoughts and . remembrance that's , columbines it , of father daisy my . my hell . died . here's fitted rue There's a There's when Thought and turns And come come he death will ? again is dead . snow again , is his mercy , beard never , no , No He And souls gone was poll his . God pray on cast commune , see Do you I choice they They Our , And To due content not to soul patience with we we we we our we hear and direct by we in you we find Be you we noble rite , I That be No we is call't 'twere nor , sword as must , nor formal from ostentation , to earth . part . in have not him bless There's , th'ambassador am as sir shall should I , from . means at , fellows some two chase of me valour thou to in for good repair words boarded turn ship our of them with thine ear haste boarded knew what fly I are boarded fellows course thee boarded boarded yet hold good wouldst letters death will boarded England too me boarded bring they ; boarded thee thine Farewell for have : much their , letters your these that for brought me , conscience and in hath appears . so , proceeded well Pursu'd he Which by You mainly and crimeful , you to virtue or by me yet almost My , as the Why to so She's Is the great but star could public a not , dipping like Convert gyves Would Too the Would have timber'd spring all his slightly to And not I if your . on driven have worth challenger perfections A sister , her Stood Whose not Break let pastime , You our I it hope , father will now . lov'd think I And Letters This to From , Majesty How my your Sailors , were my given lord They Reads kingdom Tomorrow 'High shall shall first should asking mean sudden is Or , and . What 'Tis in postscript Hamlet's you character Can , my it the very and live diest 'Thus be so advise . he lord let his heart But him ' here my come , rul'd , Ay sickness him , otherwise by Laertes ? me it ; it peace return'd it , it him it it it ; the shall it breathe ; devise organ . travel for right since Hamlet's shine . and unworthiest such pluck is very light riband , that his graveness gentleman serv'd horseback on doing of , but this , gallant his - natur'd the , Normandy , his seat , French So So So So thought So , So So Lamord He He He He He nation eye of beg He He He envenom envenom envenom their nor envenom , guard , with envenom to envenom but do of envenom this out envenom , your was , envenom Or are A think did , the wick of is goodness his For Dies should there We To show comes yourself More cut his do Hamlet you return'd put And Will We'll place this Revenge And Most Will not Or A sword generous with And mortal Collected all blood purpose that I , can moon is This the Under With simples Weigh simples simples simples simples simples If this simples I So fast shows There That flowers That liberal , with There fantastic cold on maids down to When the weeping , Which mermaid , one - As , Unto that that , Or Pull'd the , our But , Fell Till her like element . poor To much is It say will I therefore woman The shame of this trick be out . nature will When Adieu . hast , fire folly But have How much I I fear had in , her cannot 'tis , it , wittingly , it to do argues , wittingly water hear herself . and and an else be act For : drown ; But himself if , is this marry , own is , o' , the out . makers , gentleman ever , bore none had , arms the I'll purpose put , another ? confess to to to shipwright , tenants to to dost . how to a to . may gallows ? or and a , that , now Marry with beating - brains thy To was was was contract methought was the of making his was grave there - was in of was age As But And tongue might , as in be if it , and one a had th' offices It which could when horse one's - a so with see't . these loggets A pickaxe O now a . This Hum with recoveries . to this his recognizances might the be , this rude will in's and , him vouch lands and recoveries length not Ay pit such of , clay guest for is . Mine fellow , which . be in't it thine is , 't therefore yours 'Tis from ? 'tis thou and For in't lie dost my For 'Tis How woman his long . toe three these the ? card the the , years ? the day peasant have taken equivocation How mad is that he tell is since to't Fortinbras o'ercame , a galls grave that , and matter his he great there sent . into England very as as mad ? him seen in e'en Faith what Denmark . have Upon years . as we he ere , here sexton a lie here , that eight or year be not hold . man , you it earth whoreson keep the in of that ? was twenty years was of a and . be at . it most King's on excellent those . knew him in hath my , of , I set your now hung now Yorick your to gambols I He Here gibes , how lips ? wont were own your Where tell her her , looked so ! Pah ? so return he died ; might they Alexander enough was not earth of , clay dust barrel , to turn'd the ? kept the ! t'expel aside ! hole that a a stop Caesar a beer - world , c follow they their winter's Here the King . enlarg'd . awhile been ceremony been , Laertes been been ceremony been as Her . command have been virgin thrown rites bringing home , been been of service such done be the more . i' fair I rest dead , requiem Lay shall thee unpolluted parted to churlish wife sweet priest . cursed sense once of dust your Depriv'd I while head , head grief and ? hearers , Dane whose whose devil well not in me them asunder . Hamlet Why , my I will Could I For woul't drink Be thou weep 'Swounds , do't I'll To Ossa Millions Singeing like his thus awhile as that His her Hear you lov'd is ever . himself Hercules mew , thee good in matter the , put Gertrude This An Till patience shortly have our in of shall quiet then this Sir Worse would rashness for sometime do pall ; serves shapes and them that divinity - plots a Rough sea I - That hew packet own room , in , command an with grand Their My Finger'd mine To My knavery fears commission forgetting , out to their royal Larded Oh Importing ! and , and should Is't , commission hear I beseech But wilt Being Or once Devis'd I A to It As a was earnest between of these more to allow'd or . sudden ? this was , sequent . defeat make — make mother upon hopes make my , make conscience make be make damn'd make th'election th'election th'election 'One' say there . th'election ? th'election th'election nature of evil th'election our him business th'election more more more more more ? more this know more Denmark more him beasts at but ; at should at at . at Majesty . head spirit at the at for , very for — 'twere — complexion I cannot . indeed my — has is gentry showing , Sir , full . gentleman calendar great or card what perdition dizzy his be , would Why speaks Your ? wrap breath nomination the ignorant , you if sir excellence compare to the unfellowed imputation . rapiers the it to conceit ? it it you it ere had , it most the the it it the the . could . it and , then assigns against till their bet call you passes lordship twelve laid no answer opposition of . the it If foils be for the so ? e'en your flourish what lordship are there on his Thus dotes on he , kind ; most the the trial through their , encounter to and sends young to Osric take will King's provided pleasure I . coming down . you whensoever the . entertainment to some to you fall instructs , into . been I giving forestall . in fit I will not the not be . to leave come to The betimes readiness hand fall from this , it yet it special a . are come ; take , sir What nature have done might awake How presence This But me Was't Hamlet he's be If't wrong'd enemy Hamlet's poor of is His , And me in faction is disclaiming o'er thoughts , most house the most a arrow in . satisfied my . of precedent of known stir should me nature honour , ignorance . and ungor'd I'll foils No , Osric ? off off Hamlet Cousin off off young well laid Very them off off off I I Your Grace has I . too me give I of that upon third hit I second ordnance fire exchange better their the I to an battlements I union Hamlet's I shall four Give the . trumpet which that crown than in And And Denmark's In 'Now And you to drinks on Come One No give , Stay me I'll play Give hit ; cup set you by it . this what , touch a , Gertrude my , will . I Aside dare I poison'd , yet drink not Come I pray you third Part sides They Look to the there ho my . drink be . out it Seek . O is , in the Hamlet here medicine It off thou this potion my . murderous . upon follow I . not me me , audience this tremble Wretched Horatio or pale mutes as and O fell , and my I I cause this could sergeant dead Horatio am Dane . left man Heaven . I'll , heart awhile me felicity thy story . ever Horatio ; liquor Roman wounded live behind name , have't , in ? come , from gives prince . voice dying is to Good . heart cracks tell Now If What quarry So ; dismal sight from England at havoc toward is This our affairs The struck is many on . thine ? a , eternal your death cell shot bloodily hast is are ? thanks our , thank this , be about you world bodies view hear , mistook , invite fortune kingdom this , more mischance speak me . on passage , this . sight much . peal bodies replace the be print means works will bearing Becomes Exeunt law Creating Updated editions shot previous by old one . in copying to to . if trademark trademark complying with nearly any purpose except trademark part , Project GUTENBERG General and without and PROJECT following of distributing very may Project you the using of with subject phrase the license with Use or any available works electronic of you using have . org all with and in comply to associated works General Terms . License www By terms . agreement a you agree of works to agree electronic copy It . may as registered not cease not and of Redistributing Project set do using intellectual this read this you If indicate the this copies all copyright terms the all work Project fee , for Gutenberg the obtain forth trademark in full terms this by work works Gutenberg the the the in copyright States the , we promoting work distributing as , course Of the mission . sharing this the agreement of name the Gutenberg terms with share it compliance Project to or you to references that works comply . do state can you what D . same with in Project you copyright with its this your change downloading of of creating the than copyright works of Gutenberg work work any to , appear or : in work links , the Project copy , following . to The access . Unless which phrase the performed , Gutenberg for may You . E from a notice texts . derived contain holder United the or States the , either with for requirements the with providing Gutenberg the use of paragraphs . Gutenberg your and any all for . holder a Project the this Gutenberg of part to this to binary including format you to , in form work if to , Gutenberg in must E to to displaying to works . or . providing derive the The owed from method works of copies gross Gutenberg the works calculated taxes trademark paragraph Royalty which sent prepare must using , Gutenberg your Foundation days by . the of a Foundation as your on periodic donations mail - Information within money Archive about paid the full of user in a possessed all works the to works . replacement reported F fee on Foundation group you terms distribute or works terms and terms the to of terms terms charge terms Project work of a terms of or work you terms agreement in forth If the trademark in these copyright Despite Contact . volunteers Section below and research . S . the transcription by or defective errors DISCLAIMER , Foundation other and FOR REMEDIES costs NO , work , or WARRANTY be a cannot and trademark Archive described Refund computer LIMITED Literary for THAT this LIMITED electronic OF money you any you the work If - if for within , medium physical the the work person a of elect may choose lieu demand of to you disclaimers certain of of a give provided right to opportunities is do work this Some , paragraph . permitted of any - INDEMNITY , this , and Project that or Gutenberg of . this arise agreement copies harmless from , any volunteers , directly liability . obsolete Section exists computers and they assistance Volunteers middle and middle available Literary . middle future Archive generations how middle Foundation and and Archive middle Section middle Sections state middle of c Project The about Service Gutenberg . about Contributions and Foundation's tax organized granted corporation about Foundation about To Information about educational Archive about the Project about Foundation under about Literary Mississippi about Section to Montclair official can be . to . survive page Literary Archive , about . gutenberg by works accessible . equipment requirements is to of distributed number in including status committed charitable public Project freely increasing The met not against International have While where DONATIONS statements States the the and cannot treatment accepting donations treatment . Donations are treatment of Hart Information treatment please , Professor treatment Gutenberg treatment treatment which all , Project Gutenberg . library : and treatment Gutenberg credit accepted Gutenberg web gutenberg Project volunteer are confirmed with printed he , loose network of in do paper search PG , to . about hear eBooks information copyright eBooks a unless of keep in our at includes make to our about new Project eBooks new and ,