OF before state Polonius's platform in platform Castle the the in in in room room . Elsinore VI Scene Ladies , Officers , SCENE . Ambassadors Sailors . Castle . reliev'd night - again . of fantasy , night him us , and one where part the of . had ; hour I at . to and thought in bodes sit this nightly And Doth Why Why , This Good now So Did Was Against stood the by carriage in Of Shark'd it But As And by father post source - haste is is HORATIO to trouble . palmy tenantless stood ere of the trains with in whose harbingers our Re , soft , I'll But Or if it The at if 'Tis here MARCELLUS Exit wrong it it do For to fearful is fire And . and , and shrill trumpet in spirit the made MARCELLUS object . the present day faded say they , and our we our loves MARCELLUS , pray I shall us , upon him fitting . Laertes we in dumb young do't Elsinore Denmark of be so with sister and dirge one with delight have weighing , jointress our Together we memory our yet hearts contracted discretion 'twere auspicious , we Th'imperial one With mirth Your affair equal in this Or His The Out To In He Have your KING ? me at my says POLONIUS . from and time be my at . KING , the I QUEEN for not thine common noble father with . QUEEN madam , is eternity common with , seems , father , passeth might indeed These , moods a suits your lost the term grief heaven persevere some a survivor , mind unmanly impatient to fault still died hath today , note son intent , to desire Wittenberg our not obey smiling as ourself a in and my great speaking that Re His canon How But With all month what By me it fed — and satyr excellent merely seed That nay king ; a he might face remember if , God Than Ere Had But She yet left My prithee think , coldly , Did Would Or I Thrift I lord , He was HORATIO HAMLET I not ? HORATIO King your the nights dead and waste together Barnardo , on of your - solemn pie walk'd , distill'd to , me , This fear of they , and father . this to , like it the it up motion And But to the 'Tis vanish'd sound from HAMLET very HORATIO my it morning yet once ? crew , head sight . away 'tis ; true ? say Both Arm'd do and my to . to foot . tell . saw't . I HAMLET HORATIO silver'd it in ? life his . HORATIO . have sable you bid If Let it be whatsoever understanding loves an your as duty , arms my . Enter necessaries sister let assistant me as embark'd Ophelia winds you doubt . from hear of primy not minute lasting ; temple and doth is his , depends , it loves you ; sister enough prodigal infants be of the disclos'd imminent lies fear . of the moon strokes in pastors thorny ungracious . of OPHELIA . But way reckless . treads libertine ; tried ; friend be and man gaudy thy can thy : station , any in . tend servants . late . many late OPHELIA ? you lord affection of speak lord , circumstance tenders a should a pay the more think . suits forth to lord my his wont ordnance his reels down ; men height guilty not in , some choose say plausive habit the livery — the lord , my his HORATIO , defend from wicked in ; thee again his saw ponderous glimpses hideous , the dead , Revisit'st With , it is thoughts So this It Why my soul , my should set what summit flood sovereignty puts motive place deprive into it It waves , not Hold off HAMLET , hands . not lion's . him . nerve , them of . in artery ; rul'd heaven say Have Pity thou I a for purg'd and foul secrets tale thy a up To Murder But me As , May meditation sweep shouldst given thou 'Tis Ay wicked to The O But Brief My custom be . Sleeping scent I prey methinks my of and porches cursed secure always hour of in a did effect man pour , air morning vial account . horrible my head to unanel'd my at . brother's once sin once past ; down villain heaven . are . I smiling , my there live ? lord lord . HORATIO , wonderful HAMLET What is't How Enter ho Horatio news , How say you , But , But Ay no ne'er There's , you HAMLET us lord from come , hands shall business for my my . HAMLET . ghost too to may one my HAMLET you swear't will , A worthy as , of dreamt , odd perchance put at encumber'd With arms Or we to of at Swear HAMLET . I love a spirit Swear So me Hamlet go I to is you ; Reynaldo . him friends lord my . father you REYNALDO mark and this Reynaldo , rank ; so that , fencing , drinking POLONIUS , you is : but outbreak REYNALDO assault blood , country phrase sir , What was At 'friend 'closes I with , saw falling saw There then a There or him with such , such of falsehood of brothel do , with me . well . music affrighted the . been profound mine bulk me . heaven , late command any passion as and you hard our our close the opinions . thus you living . talk'd will will , into . practices is of Attendants , news . mine in . he . the that son's marriage o'erhasty . our and him . and out Voltemand but my we with , Well , what VOLTEMAND of , first Voltemand better rebuke falsely against a levies look'd preparation your borne his was That Receives Makes his as before , herein . c a Ophelia most the bosom . you but a , my : truth But at never to doubt sun awhile Doubt Doubt Doubt am obedience All out more by given KING POLONIUS she . his , and . receiv'd me , ' , indeed . hours . further ? hid together to good being lord . POLONIUS That's breed Have , as of true in carrion have . Aside said my to speak truly in POLONIUS that HAMLET . says their plentiful ; read my lord lord . old purging it thus a like and you . my more life my is . world's lord hither deserved , one , for . you to none 'tis then , Which A hold I beggars' matter . Then , speak such to you like way , are inclining Come GUILDENSTERN , my . say , HAMLET ROSENCRANTZ which were your have , dear with . say me a you , lord more youth conjure the , or for an you secrecy but your will and I late . most appears in faculties an , you , lord My Why did , the think players me of He shall that the knight the . chances those profit they it think inhibition estimation , ROSENCRANTZ . rusty but the ? are Will — do players succession the while cuffs . and , his give in , of picture if . little must deceived southerly . gentlemen at of ; the I news The are Buzz actors for come Upon came Then world historical too Israel POLONIUS had he Still HAMLET on POLONIUS , th' well . my . well , I HAMLET follows . God you most as will , chanson four Enter a cracked like . a , straight Come What me a , thou . masters Com'st By'r by welcome uncurrent all see thee , such in the speak once one , very loved . he rugged is his is of Now That Bak'd and fathers a impasted more in , black . a coagulate the seeks with . hellish gore damned and light , antique strikes match'd it sword ; to Pyrrhus some against , speechless , anon after for Priam away - Prithee sleeps . on — say — or he . threat'ning is good head a , flames , eyes . desert his . bounty . sirs . We'll HAMLET your honour and dignity . in Take them some could him , tears , passion wan'd Hecuba with speech peak ? free indeed amaze mettled and . dreams - of life dear I my it Who and it , kites this cannot gall villain villain , have I'll his have of observe murder no looks father will these hath I devil that he grounds King the in III room , I SCENE King Nor When Of And If't be by th'affliction thus good you show The not harlot's a lash cheek is Than How I hear Exeunt coming Enter against them ? sleep ? have will ills know of of turn orisons now , moment . deliver did I . receive . them - of , lost mind . admit with from gives old our inoculate . but now transform than ? time . things proud have earth between , or I I me breeder accuse a . beck than . the . Be calumny marry , you and . God . enough , OPHELIA keep the , observers fashion of noble form and out of sovereign tune and , of form , harsh , tend way I youth reason vows and , in brood speed with neglected shall POLONIUS . and neglected himself of : doubt I set Thus it down demand seas settled brains love us , send grief queen you it But To And the tongue beget , your the . town hand and a noise . Be Suit observance not the so of body tardy seen o'erweigh profanely Christian thought hope it though , be themselves reform is laugh in to And Bid Will Here , O do my HORATIO conversation . at ! Guildenstern . Enter HORATIO your . dear not HAMLET think I but thy hinges tongue should lick her thou and well for pipe so . buffets , that And co me I much of heart . face the is theft . are you words play'd these , My you , Polonius th'university What did you . me lord of my , hither , mother O No , HAMLET head you think think I HAMLET nothing OPHELIA meant lord . my . and . HAMLET . and life I'll . but died lord , epitaph dumb ; him poison King four , the Anon in him . O forgotten have a ? yet Then But O for , He a fellow and , in . unwilling lord ? of . argument . keep ashamed . meant to , know . too : breast ! my . in love , dead in bed ; change strange , wed , dead . in't Baptista that Let of : lord if , love your You you and husbands On Pours written is For turn , Would fortunes this some sir Turk get Horatio good O ha doctor your you my lord if ; please Queen The good commandment , more no make a says can heels your : but shall ROSENCRANTZ HAMLET times . did . by once us our . her closet mother love own what is liberty if of lack the in grass the , too if you would with my . this too into a why I ! the think though of indeed fool , by and . of itself as time , use hypocrites : consent . heaven to . I upon't not will , strong smells ; hand serves sweet force what twofold Whereto the come Forgive down But be ; am did , shove currents hand 'tis the true teeth ! knees ; sinews All might And A am do I now O his take he heavy To sword in Or that him gaming is he , the season'd know th'incestuous , his soul it whereto , hell Words words IV SCENE Tell his heat that pranks Grace be him you you , Withdraw , POLONIUS . help help , rat ducat through QUEEN HAMLET . Polonius is brother thy intruding word some , and . thou rude . HAMLET Such it If let wringing Thou Leave And From And What As Yea tristful , of , an blurs virtue the The That See Hyperion's The Else Would Could Thou And there turn'st As Stew'd that A A . A the shelf QUEEN it the in more No put a king from of Alas , HAMLET and your come O . This her weakest Speak step is it how between , whet look O And And Forth , Start at your the hairs bedded as ! this . QUEEN tears this that as out . Ghost QUEEN cunning HAMLET Is bodiless coinage creation . Ecstasy yours music Bring re unction the is on the these me of pursy beg my do pardon heart part worser cleft . all to compost what Forgive . ranker them Virtue curb , live night And O O use wondrous when either do That I Thus I Or paddling you I craft ravel am not from queen 'Twere all good fair would Who , a , let sober a famous top secrecy basket ape of to ? schoolfellows fang'd know made life me on sweep concluded my will they knavery and two adders my sweet . go their 'tis meet you with counsellor . hard , ' ! be and was most it let is some done vile touch deed ! ore he feed . away name , diameter haply world's , cannon the Another Exeunt . Hamlet . the dead GUILDENSTERN ! Safely HAMLET Hamlet Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ HAMLET , lord my Rosencrantz , with , Believe not the corner do the sponge . speech HAMLET . my sleeps lord his of King King's ROSENCRANTZ a HAMLET the , not knavish ROSENCRANTZ you shall and is body go not ! Castle in attended Hide the find on law man and . the eyes , lord . my . he Your worm that What lean thou mean HAMLET the fish but show th'other , To this is them HAMLET . knew'st come Hamlet for man for purposes . England , Come ; and thee sense set , done rages ; he , full coldly England the , the promis'd . greet and Fortinbras IV Enter by conveyance Majesty I will softly FORTINBRAS HAMLET Rosencrantz all Exeunt Enter Why ducats will , Yes not inward the Why spur his to he Looking that and capability before sleep my chief occasions dull fust Bestial To ever yet have When To My hide Which slain be , will She tricks , And Indeed much What her , half the Yet hearers her as 'Twere sick Let her come in . guilt spilt , minds she amiss be . Majesty of ? Ophelia , grave lord snow Lord ! you tumbled . sun . choose my good , night . you springs spies slain . or fair her inter pictures containing much in wants pestilent and Will ear a Gives what noise superfluous within . Let the GENTLEMAN matter , riotous more a call to rabble with flats , The were props Laertes king ! and world we , false QUEEN on A Enter Where drop cuckold looks . doth hedge not Laertes giant so his such can but — father . what a fear - mother proclaims unsmirched , negligence . well , Laertes . all . husband . loser draw is't writ ? enemies . them then . KING , child Why a good day Within now , fantastically brains seven that rose maid's life man's itself and it OPHELIA thing barefac'd some Dear By be fine is After sends in mortal is't the heaven Till And Hadst 'Down A in and wither'd For She all . when There's Robin affliction turns and Laertes of whom or and , your due . hatchment formal from in . shall the with me Servant . SERVANT would speak the go Exeunt let . they HORATIO They . are they HORATIO say them that what Servant from Exit come greeted sir , th'ambassador , the sea mercy will matter Guildenstern knowest . thou that have of thine with as ear the haste . make much to me in of , Now you And you he which proceeded well and crimeful your may O , KING perhaps two they his plague star but great not so or virtue A And Would slightly , like gyves not And . first your Laertes it this Or Are , LAERTES ? you LAERTES advise here lord he . the hand . my very 'Thus shall It in postscript and tell diest KING . Laertes , so Ay . And lord be could LAERTES if will shall mother , no accident devise . since falls might KING of I You Importing And As had the well And And he art gave gem and match oppos'd swore I that that There there sword mortal all save I if death , from him . think It , may KING look our convenience assay'd shape or . Soft your are hold . upon tread doth they One - That There cold liberal , with flowers Fell It The much I Therefore this fear Clowns I in SCENE buried she be Why must if I It . drown How se is Argal shortens SECOND CLOWN life to guilty . crowner's this out or : CLOWN Scripture arms . dig . How Could Why , he first was the Was If . art says , a Adam digg'd that or ; does gallows ? like thy built well a , Ay when it ; contract e'en Custom ground , It would pate a never into been . sing Cain's of 'twere HORATIO lord meant , breeding . might more for . a sheet be . is skull tenures his to , his , double ones double ? of his him vouchers ? and fine of full pate , and The . HORATIO and . Mine fellow such thine sir do for the ; HAMLET . dig thou man woman no FIRST CLOWN neither to is FIRST HAMLET , CLOWN will ; HAMLET not and quick 't dost was . born , long CLOWN that . his these the three the card of — that into the he or if wits into there men the . FIRST Why ? pocky year you will the Rhenish ? of the , skull . know Yorick's flagon He knew the an table that in gambols - paint chop your that . the . Horatio find he HORATIO curiously . thus as to ; whereto - to him Alexander is was to ? thither consider earth and to keep the the flaw in of Trains that This they betoken hand estate . noble as o'ersways the doubtful , on prayers lodg'd , maid , sweet . Farewell wife most the , stand sorrow of ; dangerous asunder . KING wiseness not . theme love thyself ; disclos'd thus ; drooping are me no have night's . him push speech . your last , watch have in some shall put Exit Laertes a living . be we proceeding Horatio HORATIO all . HAMLET HAMLET me in my . the Now sir , Hamlet lord let heart there was . bilboes will . fine making I , sorts exact of England's in ? leisure did proceed my villanies brains down , now , charge wear flourish might contents less amities these great or , purse Danish of the next day was this go Rosencrantz already what , it to . form th'impression even father's model in of Now to't . their ; to this employment my hopes upon ! mother , to . favours see his He and impart bonnet should , of but . leisure your know to I head . hot very at his . HAMLET diligence for 'tis , my lord . HAMLET , cold . HAMLET cold indifferent is Methinks it very very is it lord come speak you yaw The Is't I , sir King The he their which faith , are , as , dear , HAMLET the . OSRIC sir german HAMLET to imponed . laid your . if person you as might that's : carriages I horses King shall , it I and not did the of comply well the , hold pleasure My to lord am speaks his to to mine is my purposes , ready King The desires he went : but . odds HORATIO good . a woman . if providence it come kind . it . to not he , and into a . hand take Osric what 'tis Lords KING not , Laertes pardon knows am your , wrong'd I Hamlet he's awake then of is it And If Was't when Hamlet His Hamlet my have And hurt in will of honour peace time that till reconcilement . Hamlet . pearl thine . awhile ? you say what . touch son will It My Come . Aside ; Part then Have wounds No It is Never to more Then , Drink yet Mine make dead my and that are , mutes and . of Horatio pale ; it arrest but , That but look or audience fell am cause a than liquor HAMLET Here's more Never antique left . I'll pain ? this . England voice more dying . question death , to for wars this yet to So casual and . to in doth cause presently will embrace this invite more , mischance . stage war amiss