there . live Nay me answer Who's Stand Long Stand struck 'Tis now Stand Stand For And I Stand this Stand twelve . bed 'Tis sick thanks to heart night good a Not them ! is , Marcellus stirring guard ? meet . Friends them hear you night you soldier ? the this I think I to to And farewell Say Barnardo Holla what , A Give honest . Give , my , who hath Welcome , Horatio . there . tonight fantasy him us to him , hold nothing but take apparition . speak minutes seen of , come night , along of our , let of nights Barnardo speak , the from all his us seen against of that's , yond Had Where When made off The break thee course night t'illume where it again . this of heaven , beating star Last we that pole and — Marcellus it wonder . with harrows it be scholar the . it like like Thou In speak to . dead that's King Horatio Horatio form . Denmark , Mark to that the sometimes that and buried speak charge would Horatio fair majesty By It Question It stalks ! I , with it art thou time warlike it is of . heaven . I which In , offended away ! more You ! this What , I might eyes ? believe angry ; parle ice on had combated he an . Norway when 'Tis He Thus hath twice what gross particular the thyself by , that , watch observant my of tell to our the same nightly not dead on . smote he bodes the Good now And why , this But In With , day labourer from the sweaty the this that So Why This mart of can is't might goes ; That can that , down sit such divide And toils such shipwrights night be impress war sore week of emulate , by our world valiant , joint , the Doth , Thereto to combat on know slay of ; a of side you as image prick'd even by whisper the appear'd a to article design'd the Fortinbras which , and known now , Hamlet lands compact , other resolutes young there , which the he Which Had Of vanquisher King the . skirts lawless , no and of in't of The to doth a For Shark'd fell That As But terms our think it food up the the post Of may through sort that watch so main this and diet to , Is compulsatory us those of motive recover it . and no our the trouble , it lands foresaid our other , lost by his this father In the it armed Well I haste be mote That is high most Disasters stars in trains empire dews , fell mind's dead sheeted the and precurse And it earth to And Did to blast and coming ! it thing to , me , be fate of where or use . life uphoarded foreknowing thy do any though it Speak and countrymen Stay illusion , the Stay , of it in thy death walk speak speak , speak speak ! earth avoid may speak it if Do , speak not Marcellus , speak in ! speak and with ! here it it We , being ! so majestical ! 'Tis here summons like the invulnerable violence 'Tis do started to then fearful speak blows show is throat morn have with the and the cock . crew heard thing guilty . trumpet - his or hies probation vain our And This confine Th'extravagant sea god that malicious mockery a , comes the . made And and fire ; and , spirit of in of is then , nights our no , hallow'd so witch 'gainst crowing herein , to planets dare that long celebrated season cock , believe gracious Saviour's It Some The The So But So have I heard , and in yon dew time charm strike hath This takes and , Hamlet us As Do Break morn acquaint fitting ? tonight clad it the nor do in him , shall we Where , young our the Cornelius , Lords Laertes him of , I our and , death whole of woe befitted nature ; us most conveniently know grief be To bear yet in in discretion now hearts memory Therefore jointress Have auspicious 'twere to With Yet with hath and with on ourselves warlike eye , gone our For wisdoms affair With . sister we one , you nor scale that all have one , brow one wisest remembrance and and in marriage , dole delight Or dream this and his to fail'd the surrender those lands freely of supposal our message , advantage frame Fortinbras , weighing wife follows Taken with his our Lost Importing father valiant He Holding to most hath Our by ; his lists this impotent business and pester of brother not Colleagued the , much for For You Of His gait and subject bearers To Farewell Of Giving Thus - levies the of young Fortinbras , proportions here are rid to and you commend . we our duty scope all in and with doubt it haste show dispatch Voltemand Norway ? you farewell old King you to no further personal power heart the thy Denmark instrumental more the is Than not be voice cannot And Laertes some What offer , to nothing , heartily duty news What reason of . the is Your whence though in came to willingly leave of speak my is't Laertes , done leave again coronation that father's your ? your ; bend leave , my He , Upon Dread wishes confess return from hard my ; wrung What and and To show my duty slow go leave and petition spend best do now than cousin Hamlet , and leave you give , clouds kin hang son thy at i' , my it Aside little Take beseech fair , A the , kind . sun in father be madam , seems so particular Denmark on . die I , mother ? colour lives is thee eternity that like look eye thine Passing common ever thy , black not ; of it is , the forms , the the breath forc'd suspiration dejected me it of , eye , play seem grief in with seems visage indeed show , your truly moods windy No all give I that within which might . Hamlet , suits and . shows ; a father , stubbornness understanding know be and . obstinate impious shows heart simple obsequious In , to our any what to the ? in a opposition fault hath fault theme still , dead should we obligation do In will , 'Tis some term to persevere unmanly incorrect . But to mind is a An It a a vulgar most unfortified For As must vulgar the must You are father unprevailing be To it vulgar Take , vulgar your impart vulgar Why we fathers till pray throne love nobility that vulgar nature , us world the let today cried to immediate immediate our our note immediate in . immediate our immediate back going I that a immediate the most For desire : son Wittenberg , of school which most you immediate intent to to bend retrograde comfort Why Be Sits stay mother us son . come tell again . go her lose 'tis as pray I in shall the and this Oh , that Thaw , Everlasting this world Come Denmark in grace bruit flesh clouds , dew a . itself too the rouse speaking that canon That might ; satyr That ! fie all stale - 'tis not it mother heaven hang Heaven the that , slaughter , not had ; loving to not is within thy on earth this much rank flat two garden come so and things gross too to So two With think on't tears , Like father's little not me O God which what on all My Than I Must fed — it I remember and , of increase if she that — wicked most dexterity nor incestuous , month with discourse she poor Frailty A longer of my father , tears , reason of eyes , tongue hold your see you to , speed good ! lordship I Horatio servant with you : name you change , good friend myself to glad am to ever well : my . good enemy your hear I would disposition in , A am We'll Against teach what shall Nor very what to . faith see not you it came is I yourself To But prithee My do I my to not it lord , see your deep your to lord , the forth it mock see Elsinore report , depart father's bak'd meats funeral my mother's . My Would I coldly thrift father , I day my that dearest heaven , Horatio my The - seen — I Where , my ? methinks had my mind's eye not Saw , I Who my The My lord , was shall King for . father ? King till ear In With Season your witness marvel on me gentlemen watch the your by , cap , thrice let Two nights together them the act him they your each comes I more made , deliver'd . good , did night they them , truncheon's speak The Where of And Goes slow Stand Form apparition hands not it ; cock shrunk sound , head yet once loud we where none lord My , it our ; duty true , it . in of know honour'd strange , like morning it sirs To vanish'd to But , you let we the live did We As And think my do I Hold do Arm'd , What , he his ? lord My Then , Nay Very very would I MARCELLUS and grizzled Longer , have when beard . BARNARDO saw't as was ? no his in . seen again ; life , father's it person watch . hitherto have bid assume it Let I'll I hell conceal'd your shall be Perchance will watch watch . still all gape watch silence noble you 'twill watch And you peace you hold Upon the tenable , to watch my If If it . speak Give . Till in tongue ye well . will come ! I some foul play ! All farewell ; men's . necessaries still Though all soul my . to foul as assistant , me And , convoy the eyes night deeds the . Farewell , give favour ; not from are not perfume My sister And in The it this and of ; Think No No so alone grow . but and more , A Grows greatness now withal bulk Forward permanent suppliance more . a ; loves besmirch fear do persons unvalu'd choice his you doth you as service . soil nor will not , be and therefore The Unto The and thews weigh'd cautel he Perhaps his says body circumscrib'd , it state his must will subject as Carve Whereof in . health is , his of for the the It the As May fits voice on birth ; of believe further , open honour may that , your loss , fear rear in deed ; prodigal is , ear of his choice saying his give lose keep The she Or of , Ophelia credent what particular far he loves to moon : spring buttons not danger . sustain songs dear affection my chaste his withal Denmark too with If Virtue And you The shot and treasure or the his If canker the rebels their , And Out chariest of 'scapes oft before morn in shall I Youth Too blastments , are be dew in . libertine , keep lesson this . heart my th'effect of me is Aboard double stay here A The wind shoulder , your in , for stay'd I you thou Look Yet , And sits Those unto thy dull each Of thou thou new entrance a hatch'd any unproportion'd And Give tongue , shame for no . memory vulgar adoption their by . Nor do familiar Be Grapple that , unfledg'd being ; voice : entertainment tried buy not purse but of , hast ear in not of Are they For But And This For Thou it Farewell my And Neither France apparel above my . day season well . true I invites humbly Farewell ; and Ophelia you . tend my any the to false be then , this take you The shall , touching said of , memory to . it , tell must put — behoves do way , as so you . truth . me . the on bounteous Hamlet you : oft , 'Tis your You He As between hath So told private so been very the late you understand ? and , you my Of ! me late to so your yourself Give lord Pooh Unsifted not my circumstance ; That Marry my daughter . a should a true for believe ! know I'll , to Or , not Affection in tenders you you have sterling he , In , go , to go fashion — the holy Ay And all may honourable speech of to springes the . fool lord to , know the - prodigal in a is it this making , time ; with love catch blood given woodcocks . for of parley take : almost countenance you , fashion call both daughter soul I maiden extinct From young brokers ; walk Ophelia , suits for For , presence that given much scanter your higher at entreatments vows beguile plain ; my charge or sanctified implorators mere better Look to't But to lord Hamlet : all show . forth bawds investments , unholy of slander is very is , Have air It is now an lacks ; is . not , it it ; his held ; heard the No ; I . rouse , the near walk . is a . west am though born headed and traduc'd heavy honour'd The kettle - is't custom it in marry I , my to mind tax'd pith some nature his are swinish , nations with revel it perform'd and , our oft marrow , our o'ergrowth pales and ; By As They east and , wherein , reason , height wherein one , corruption pure wherein as they — star , grace , men of evil , wherein much some wherein habit say else form The , plausive wherein cannot in Since of as be or the that origin , wherein these complexion defect wherein ; hell , Hamlet , from goblin defend a Thou royal . or spirit and Bring From To own , Look my in to canoniz'd cerements ; why , the ! death ignorance Dane , sepulchre ; O us or thee damn'd grace of airs of thee Be thou a speak Making So and thoughts horridly , our me call jaws marble quietly in I'll but steel , should ? it mean , did impartment go do nature , it more To if beckons beyond Say , why is some you with will by no it . life my do speak not Why , Being my I at it . can Do , not you It Or That And I , not for what should a lord , not thing again immortal the other deprive if draw might immortal of every , sovereignty the follow flood , I'll immortal be immortal do soul what toward summit of immortal o'er the waves waves beneath into roar fathoms immortal . immortal . desperation of sea , form your looks And And And Without That there madness toys . thee my . hands follow , shall not in the hardy makes My fate petty Nemean lion's this , you not Still ! a call'd I'll away him gentlemen . me lets , I'll that . this after By I . desperate To . in the state of Denmark . what direct to . come it . issue not with ? will Have , Mark is rotten lead I Speak ? me thou wilt Whither , almost and myself flames . no to is sulph'rous ! tormenting . hearing shall I me Alas what , Pity poor not To to father's What thou Speak but Must render I for bound art ? shalt when , revenge for away day , a purg'd thy , of But in term thou spirit walk crimes certain To I could the the in days house forbid fires I part , nature - word . of and particular upon to unfold ; stars combined each thy two knotted start to . thy God List blazon quills soul fretful eternal ! list , O , father of And Like If love . not as most , unnatural know't foul most . unnatural this most foul wings of , strange my swift murder thoughts . orchard Now , my sleeping Lethe hear of in , revenge serpent abus'd by forged thou my whole wharf thy life crown Now . of . this ; a A his O Wouldst know process , that with have traitorous adulterate beast gifts , Denmark , youth noble the did me stung serpent The will of a in of off - hand love , to gifts was it dignity to heaven ; marriage radiant angel of , it though And So Though mine Upon it a lust Will itself to . bed be there that my wretch But a will hand went I of To made what natural as were with in vow mov'd the within afternoon , shape pour of with a uncle thy hour secure sate court her link'd the Sleeping on in in gifts never , celestial a . garbage my ; gates cursed always porches enmity a , a instant smooth , most queen the a sudden as an And with like . vile of , unanel'd my sent of at body sleeping crown , disappointed to dispatch'd : head my by , of Unhous'led my O in bed of bear most ! thee it horrible be soul , thou luxury royal horrible imperfections Cut ! not If No glow - worm aught mind mother her that Fare matin be at , once lodge bosom the . howsoever But Against Taint horrible and to 'gins adieu , not thorns sting to The O earth to leave nor , thy , heaven well to , contrive ! near . uneffectual pale those his adieu ! grow Remember instant ? else memory fie What ? thee Hold , thee ! smile and be a woman of copied , my ; my . all memory heaven smiling is and are , uncle That Yea this I'll away from , all forms records ! there past pressures all alone Yes Now remember am it commandment thy And the O most book Unmix'd . I HORATIO My . Lord ' my to , is may tables . Denmark ! him secure there Heaven ! So and 'Adieu adieu have . sworn't MARCELLUS come lord , noble ? Within , lord , tell What ho lord wonderful lord my Good then would man my , you'll , of lord , my lord . MARCELLUS heaven by But , my secret ? once be be the ; There be needs , lord shake and that we be i' and and shall hands at HORATIO and be for business desire be us my There's ne'er he's tell my pray lord part part arrant an knave ; ghost are more come no and and go you , so right without hath — you Look I , as all , poor my words desire you business sorry as I'm are is , faith they offend , you , heartily , Yes my lord tell vision is . offence . We you what known My Nay swear't soldiers have MARCELLUS will and ? not but we . I not lord my is't make What seen tonight . Upon my sword lord my my In faith , sword indeed my ha Indeed , stage this my , my my boy under upon fellow my by . we'll , you my by to Never Hic Never Swear Come to lay this A said this again ? ubique mole ! ground our upon remove Canst that hands your And are dreamt night therefore things of And O ! and , a as worthy , Than Here There as How strange more are work , so th'earth i' but before in stranger more Once pioner and you , never - phrase ; know' such As , encumber'd thus times antic hereafter , heaven is , in or I so it 'If we grace and mercy ambiguous or your Swear . need this , most be doubtful this some 'We — do to . Beneath Or such aught Rest . Swear to gentlemen , out of if not , you a what do rest , perturbed I me list As speak' , if and 'There they , might' help ; I , lips . to let's together . right come was fingers spirit all And him With , my May willing The That , shall ever Nay , on is , do visit his and ; and said very ; who encompassment and drift , son knowledge you are Look him wisely , I , My said me and Enquire what , know particular my , lord at company demands , And they demands , That demands As demands be so 'And But demands as Than you 'I my lord say demands he's , there and that none demands , and noted him are you I please ; may , if't he and dishonour my , You ; swearing , lord gaming Quarrelling or to but open another season dishonour go . the in may not as Faith That's The I believe , lord you . assault in my thing little soil'd I my Marry a in As Your 'twere You in a here's would , sir , these it Having Ay laying of He , Of good of — does He the of of sir The ever of the prenominate crimes be of , this the ' in or man , my country or 'friend of ; so the and Very of was At Or was , he or , Videlicet , I saw There him saw And a thus By directions assays wisdom so there and You son . or takes of . you you me I . bias , fare , lord my shall , lord my him I ply in name I I the in all doublet sewing God the of ? stockings , upon Lord , his down , shirt his hat lord How Alas lord his , as , now what's , what my with if speak As , he piteous gyved head he lord , do Pale What not Ungart'red , his loosed of purport truly I , arm brow face my thus hand to falls He with And he would At I me horrors fear wrist it hard his wrist ; wrist he ? said wrist to such shaking of of Long waving so a draw by other it — did his find wrist bended the . turn'd his down go eyes me wrist . King bulk his way . seem to done wrist without piteous , and shoulder shatter all me help seek of fordoes to the me and , undertakings itself under hard any will violent with to Come the doors . as As This go my , No leads have good his to access him you I Whose property ecstasy I is given ; hath sorry And meant am did made that That I had natures desperate the oft afflict but letters quoted to It To discretion wreck thee as ourselves , younger opinions the sort . our we kept move might love being trifle is dear to hate than which Come go ! jealousy age in I But but did beshrew to to close you you heard the beyond is for hide Rosencrantz th'exterior it inward call long we we , see it sending hasty be must Hamlet's . have So That I More than his transformation did Something Since Of And Whether , remedy him may glean and pleasures occasion afflicts , humour court put , thus hath brought that of of little on much Some so him with our companies gather much aught draw So since rest within us awhile please not there If much , gentlemen Good as whom And he show the Your Both your us , thanks hope living good it men talk'd of with so sure supply visitation a both ourselves up give As to As For To have . We , in And To and To , gentle Guildenstern . feet full , visit of is practices you . him and presence make these changed beseech , My . Go to much And too And . good of Assure duty God , of or to I hold my else . good my liege my do of trail gracious of mine King found to long that have I this as ? hath The not to hold , still my I As admittance them do the cause very Both And Thyself , other that that to be first , tells The I His doubt head me and is , Well fruit grace my sweet and , to shall of , the marriage , hath found friends Norway him out Polack found arrests , desires to 'gainst , first nephew's But was his your look'd a of sent he sends , preparation , my from greetings which age , Makes Whereon , of vow give To as entreaty further the annual which from before arms uncle in ; the ; more and Norway in with , commission crowns soldiers give for regards your an thousand you and against employ never ; hand in against those quiet down to might , before That So And him three herein together ; well us , shown pass : Polack With please of As this It such On Answer , What day Therefore My should night night is madness son , expostulate . welcome home business , well is to tediousness And I is but , This nothing , since liege Were Why call but ; the brevity waste , outward mad wit and is , time of flourishes mad with let be to noble but else nothing matter Madam More 'tis , for 'tis But That Mad rather out the But it say , true that go art A then the and Now gather obedience have and , it is find That let we it celestial us farewell ill That's the effect her me Hath an by this this effect , whilst idol and , mine cause comes the this phrase To , Doubt I , is a . Ophelia beautified reckon move will 'beautified' phrase ; be ? stars ; Hamlet fire doth in dear love , And more means this best most , best But am I Doubt that the be I to I have , Adieu it to not numbers daughter ear so what might the on But how But obedience they fell above solicitings , given . and place , love or mute - love I this hot , told had my Or When fain . the love , thus prince a young upon heart look'd think No , precepts her , dumb book you you desk winking this ? And herself lock given did of , resort gave . think wing , into short of went I mistress ' then — done 'Lord What he a Which And to madness wherein by into make tale a I fast you And , a likely , declension that raves now wail all watch a to Do very 'tis I been have be , be ? otherwise there Hath You hid from sometimes four ? otherwise . the he time may such Mark . thereon then love he I his fall'n arras daughter , not her a But be How At behind an and me But be , the We for I'll board Away and , presently him sadly I'll Excellent You . Not , so Then you would this world goes , man one be , ten my true . honest man a a are , were as my , Honest I lord thousand sir ? carrion , dead a but look my to't lord . gone he . love , to truly ; Have you a my , lord is . conceive sun Friend blessing . is far Yet , lord . What much not as very my . grey slave satirical that says you a though . men and you crab ; eyes have wit of purging old down powerfully it if to most method here lord set amber thus . lack their have as . sometimes daughter on hits ? leave which pregnant . humbly . of delivered the out contrive honourable Indeed ! that Though you o' of me cannot take , lord You suddenly A walk yet Aside . be this not will sanity the often most I you tedious , that my means my old lord Lord ; is my life fools there sir , of my leave part willingly . you Hamlet ! the Polonius My the Rosencrantz excellent in most , do . happy earth , both Guildenstern ! lord not are Good Then live Neither , privates is ? are Happy Nor secret Fortune's button . in waist you of middle her ? me grown true we the . most ? world's lord about particular Then prison Let . Prison is . one . world , wards confines , and . or dungeons many th' your is nothing prison have a not , that nutshell the 'tis too for ; ambition bounded . for there either a . of bad and I in , indeed dream hold ambition , then thinking ; could God dreams infinite I , ambition it makes so of light . so our . our ? my outstretch'd shadow but . you . court th' ROSENCRANTZ We'll upon GUILDENSTERN I that very the , is Which Truly matter shadows are I A shadow's For is itself , such speak to . of . the am what man lord you way like will you visit honest sort , Is your my am even own . kind enough to the looks lord , King Queen . your But colour anything to end we ? inclining To the , me love what , my the were our . speak nay ; Come But even let which modesties sent whether sent for there is . by , more direct - ever then an of Guildenstern for and consonancy . I in good you , fellowship you off eye have must lord know goes lost Queen ; and My late this most this goodly excellent me , majestical to and secrecy the indeed ; wherefore tell I you your What , appears other in paragon yet , woman the ; to you smiling , how not animals apprehension moving how express noble and a nor , me no when your Why the you , Man of ? form piece no in there , from My of like the my He dust delights me sigh lady gratis ; the say her What take freely , players mind to are or — they , that of shall , were clown the hither lord shall receive you . We whose man his coming , knight adventurous the the be welcome his it How Even they their hold the they Do the comes comes inhibition , in . in but and , rusty ? there on fashion are Do ? it they pace ; in innovation late thither come scarce call . for't goose the , indeed when I was is the they that little How , that quills that should most they pursue are rapiers , that aerie the berattle are afraid of that most endeavour common no their them that controversy exclaim are themselves better their both on means longer that there tarre poet that Is't sides succession their — the to much no been ? much there the Do , unless them has and ; and was Hercules King do strange him for , father make not while my they O bid for away lord carry could . and of give twenty those forty , and come , to ceremony , I entertainment players . the me mother The philosophy little Denmark , lived natural than for his 'Sblood deceived I , southerly yours . than which and to more uncle of you extent hands . Let lord welcome be , fairly outward . north - the . That clouts swaddling a ear his for you you baby Happily them , at each gentlemen is — You morning the . hearer they not see , My : comes right , have lord to , Upon . in you 'twas news you come either for actor Rome , tell lord was , The hither my tragical individable scene pastoral , nor Plautus the , what . actors my actor Then The pastoral each - be the unlimited Still ' my a . treasure . too What of The liberty These only , thou . well no he th' you me then . follows my not Am i' . call , Jephthah not have , As and my will you , a that well . first row and you last The welcome . your give . is ! Thy us , falconers Pray nearer Denmark glad show God , lot by pious abridgement . am it . face is , a speech it , passionate a speech quality . of good are , heard once caviare judgements well , in the scenes , the , to't not lady By'r , piece altitude the be Come my . or if excellent an , not million others as indite as mine I I — top in with set in an , let , If and might it in see your wholesome that method and remember matter the cunning play whose in such no more this is It , by he speaks line loved very savoury of and Black his more total When he Pyrrhus of much , but dread , That as , in the a , fire light damned in Bak'd dismal gules a thus like the horridly gore hellish , streets parching did ominous , arms sable the resemble , good . seeks wrath Pyrrhus where , His antique good discretion , sword his , Pyrrhus' to Stoops , was base this with crash sword his , For the fell , Unequal match'd wide , sword Ilium ; flaming top , a . declining , painted , But So And Which seem'd . will , i' to the Repugnant to . and senseless in , Then wind and , of matter storm still hideous neutral in Takes Of we his on see winds nothing so new , for the region , proof bleeding power you wheel , a him sets after hammers anon , against below , orb hill heaven gods thunder , say on . of fall Cyclops' never And With all Break for a barber's to down fellies take Now Fortune or — her ; he the the long . too jig a ; flames Prithee . Hecuba head , threat'ning good malicious make saw gods state th'alarm diadem bisson late About Fortune's in lank the stood , barefoot With rheum A upon a up in fear , Pyrrhus the , and has tears . steep'd caught tongue treason did sword his , heaven speak for well well chronicles not that see limbs Good them . than ill all made — she . this to . brief ? out bestowed in's gods hear their let — more the and desert dignity them . Take in . his your play and is Murder Gonzago of play a is in . honour bounty is We'll ? is set could , Ay You . friends old my lord . hear Come , should is Dost less they deserve is Follow or sixteen tomorrow We'll dozen well Follow is , would thou hear Guildenstern ha't me till . lord study I my look insert a for in't and down . him ! mock I'll leave . am you I am alone Elsinore . ye wi' b' God what O it a her his forms What's should ? or Hecuba That With But , peasant that in monstrous , all conceit so his ? What Hecuba ; would horrid Tears That force eyes Is A Had he the I weep for and ear and amaze , I Yet cue drown her , Confound John dull faculties , ears peak , my not - eyes , would He ? the - ignorant and with Hecuba general the a can the say A guilty speech tears , with stage , and dear life ? throat , kites and it ? my calls - muddy The Like off , as the I me and A , I ! should 'Swounds Tweaks damn'd Upon to I by nose liver'd , is , or bawdy it does the gives me for As To I this , treacherous vengeance ass slave's have Oh an what , That A a revenge by upon't Fie - to of cursing should offal fatted brain to so the They For Before Play miraculous organ the I'll I'll proclaim'd something uncle of of the that , will cunning the have murder quick the May I most be him a my very potent . devil weakness , The I'll seen power , perhaps , melancholy pleasing and and . conscience More I'll . The play's such spirits ; blench , the he T'assume why Get Grating can by puts his on drift so turbulent dangerous no Wherein harshly confess With But sounded , be demands of our , a his with question of But to any pastime his fell way so And hear raught Niggard you We beseech'd me think They him a him ; most hear , the matter . the have edge already . To This of To And gentlemen . us for Ophelia accident closely as Sweet he That so have , shall We And And For may by thus suffers as him Will we Her Will To so shall for If't father I : to I good your That bestow , of shall encounter he you their frankly behav'd I wonted his him wildness th'affliction That Of , That ourselves both , bring walk To are that Ophelia with , in Gracious We prov'd Aside devil pious show . it may so Read exercise oft do sugar an may an wish blame we . such — an — here an colour please you , this on book this an , beautied to Let's an Than not my deed harlot's The that an . action himself . helps lord my is to of arrows outrageous suffer question fortune against , To by opposing take be Or slings 'tis not O to painted word . of that natural sleep to a sleep 'tis , dream To The is that in For more and nobler , and ? the , a in them : thousand to die a or have give would wrong a the calamity sleep of us to . to the To heir end a what off we Devoutly proud law's may mortal so dreams a No a who coil come . consummation , not know But The dread under quietus takes the whips of insolence The bare he oppressor's dispriz'd patient pangs The grunt ? that native of awry bear , us makes undiscover'd No traveller Thus Is And sicklied this name all in sins , orisons now , thought , well , them . deliver re receive . did , I lord thank ; longed have My As again with wax Take gifts poor for rich of them these the Rich honour'd ; their prove . lord my well you unkind when your honesty your means What fair you for Could to a lord what into Ay , it likeness be truly . proof was bawd I than power beauty to honest fair , better commerce your This of the did , should did to did of such , am I did not now , paradox a ; did virtue of more was I shall the me my did my , arrant What did ? thoughts to in imagination had such all At home my nunnery knaves should in with wouldst . I sinners of . could . nunnery doors shut upon house that . be the Let dost thou marry help ice , pure , may to ways and earth but play him own father he . thy needs calumny . not shalt plague this snow ; quickly if thou thee what too thou . lord thou marry marry wilt heavens Farewell you . dowry of . him , are it You , I you say , you . me nunnery , a but already made your you God jig . too men nunnery a face courtier's , as mind no a . no ; more your another on't they are here ! music of most , rose , his deject , fair the o'erthrown of quite and and the eye , To mad . married of observers out . have ecstasy Now And Th'observ'd I bells seen feature most and all Blasted unmatch'd jangled and mould vows sovereign state ! a little , in that affections His ? Love with do There's lack'd on soul . youth of blown me what of woe see , disclose his something sits to speed England brood countries and down the Haply I , objects , himself fashion And O'er not spake though which quick something It do brains From from and commencement But origin neglected heard The not . My what Lord , love as Hamlet now How the : variable all you it mother his his But You it Whereon . still his shall ; please , I please play round alone after do believe , fit well Let show Madness We tell lord hold queen let all you where in , find . shall . To the your hand . the pray you crier town tongue , speech To Of be must , use may that beget But and a spoke , as if to players in as it rags I have part the , thus , to to temperance , very split capable your the with special , of Suit Be the so observance tame a I periwig of fellow you for o'erdoing at to the very . to , it inexplicable dumb for be to not the modesty playing of purpose o'erstep word ; Herod a own . which and the unskilful Christians neither , and grieve the now to overdone show too action , not you but the neither the as whose mirror and cannot one accent made , sir imitated journeymen , pagan , thought seen I some , heard others censure be players not bellowed not abominably there — nor that I your , that clowns with and speak them . play spectators allowance the make but in there villainous That's though considered . have hope O the , it . Go be to that to and the gait , so those some be to than we , they men humanity that be of you necessary . in indifferently that on some quantity of barren ready question most shows play pitiful a For set to altogether for Will , Queen make you the How King , lord uses the players Will two too this presently ? them that and help And the ROSENCRANTZ We sweet not Nay , thou at , a withal dear I should , hast I thee no That Here For To , seal'd Where may soul pregnant ? my lord do clothe the crook thrift And of fawning mistress thanks a him , lick the Why . tongue was Hath As Since my thee that judgement slave , before circumstance , have one of act my of comes too I . ay play of scene There what passion's , much of wear that Fortune's is have very . of , a I For censure we eyes If he play , the seeming play idle , playing is be Queen , my , my ; face his my ? theft the my not air : Polonius my others must , my I place , you Rosencrantz have nor flourish Get a King Guildenstern Enter and Hamlet our How I nothing with , promise No Excellent ? lord . Polonius Hamlet My say . mine are a Brutus Be ready me did th'university did brute lord What so they . my more ! the good . was kill of I was Julius enact did , Come Ay It To shall . ho lie , I . lord my No , King No , Lady I you meant your ? country Ay head lord between lie , What is my , matters to Nothing lord ? think my , think , within's . man my ! cheerfully how you , You are . I my O , What jig long maker Ay , a . suffer else I'll . and a lord two months may build die the devil months hours my lord for not is ! the unto embracing O , Queen he for , he have , heavens the and his head makes him , his exits takes She . King declines a sables on seeming , kisses very - hobby lovingly ; poison pours of Queen She her . accepts is Mutes her asleep The his love unwilling , him 'For and her and O a upon . him takes He bank a ears The but in , him and dead in body . imports What with with Anon down again away four , King's in makes the Queen The . Poisoner The to gifts lament action shall this know show miching this my the it , this Belike this by You show the fellow or , any Is you'll us stooping mark means ashamed a . our : I'll the play . cart round sheen thirties and have hearts our salt dozen times Tellus' orbed borrow'd twelve , our , did most Hymen been moon , done of sick be and sun may journeys Unite world in moons ere though , from again count thirty And About Since us Neptune's women's In Make distrust my doubts is so love love love neither , you and and my my is great great , littlest the is you fear , Yet . For fears grow in live Faith And Now Where , I confound rest love Such love their O Wormwood me be needs must wed In must leave thee husband And powers and accurst the marriage but , kill'd base respects of . who let husband None Are What Of you you we mellow is passion ending pay Most ourselves either unripe we kisses kill my me now To Grief world This most revels for destroy grieves should nor doth joy joys even loves aye with yet on not change , accident joy purpose ourselves that but , when fruit like , unshaken with the grief most themselves ; our down a our not with man great The poor hitherto shall or else favourite needs with fortune , fortunes ; with strange love with . fortune you makes never hollow want doth seasons in who with grief slender . advanc'd , 'tis a devices are That question wills fates Whether For But Nor Sport turn when wilt who To and thy die I food ours , food would Each once widow food be lasting ever she Ophelia . food To If food pursue and face be my , and it awhile . destroy , food sleep I food fain should leave Sweet have anchor's An food how like , would . us brain . beguile now but And O The protests lady the Duke's you , What ? but Vienna ; we , a . see and knavish piece it touches but his in't ? th' of image play not of Lucianus is King . the , love puppets . between you and are keen a my if to . are my are edge . bellow agreeing black and , I could You It you faces Thou begin groaning keen Pox , for doth worse to , property creature croaking , hands of immediately dire , blasted usurp His . gets The rises anon see . very estate . You Gonzago infected midnight drugs fit weeds thrice how story false King On poisons extant frighted in him love choice the light . me shall murderer the What ? must , All . Away lights strucken some strucken deer play while ungalled strucken , a ; with strucken in two Provincial of Damon now and dismantled I , whole one strucken share O strucken know very have strucken a . word for thousand ? recorders . poisoning him , comedy perdie . talk the of the note . likes it the the , not . a a lord , whole of marvellous , sir distempered . word vouchsafe The Is With richer him King , in sir , No Your wisdom should for me to put itself lord purgation signify choler with my show doctor The mother You great affliction . most more his far tame Good my I your put , please my lord not What . business my such mother answer But I the right mother's my and I cannot My , her But mother a of so your . My ; the hath behaviour admiration . the mother as or matter to you ? amazement , my , sir , her mother us in trade speak she you bed there no to that she : stealers . Good upon your my were We And shall desires How door own sir Ay see grass when lack I lack what lack Sir liberty is , duty too of . the to my lack , grows you To lack my drive too . cannot bold , would lack . voice the withdraw , me my be one me wind not well lack I , play you . Will . if Let as , understand . if this pipe ? the it with me lord My cannot lord , command But as know of no govern you it lying ventages . stops . not have I and are of in upon Call , would speak from stops of unworthy me thing . music cannot excellent pipe me , you ? cannot a fret the , see Queen cloud would with in shape of a camel . presently a like that's it backed like me ? indeed . by I will like whale by and I a Methinks is like Very . the night Leave , of . friends , my hot could . very witching heart to And When 'Tis do Nero be enter not on , hell breathes the as said say so business now nature , now Contagion Would O By and time itself to let firm this Now my seals drink bitter soul ; I . such cruel , but use none . mother not bosom not Soft , in daggers me lose speak madness commission And his Let How somever nor , The let not I I he to England Hazard those and armour is the weal 'noyance peculiar upon bodies life strength single keep many draw and more mind bound much , rest majesty of and all With Dies near with ; many whose it summit huge King Did For Attends To on Each the and , Which goes and free upon - footed general Never petty with ruin this put closet , home tax it put wisely , him put she'll , well my mother should put audience warrant I'll mother's myself his was than put put — eldest I'll hath It , O I And , both white as But in To as what's forestalled ere but this come sweet double where inclination the offence as brother's like stand in My Though as And as than a I intent begin shall What as if enough rain as the past in this Whereto serves ? up of murder , queen wicked , retain my am did the still what Forgive ; own pardon'd hand seen shuffling law is out And oft no nature teeth What forehead evidence what Try give the true and . To one can cannot be as to black it not free assay What then What faults ? Make strings ! angels well be with . pat now rests ! born . praying he he so hire is broad blown who , knows of save flush as of course stands grossly this , O took his audit circumstance with our him 'Tis But And To the in and , in Or ; th'incestuous That has gaming trip At As hell physic his that of or of , soul horrid heaven , mother and thy , fly The King without And be may his , prolongs my will soul it up to thoughts lay Grace . be , round mother Mother , silence with I'll hath too you He And heat Much his your you have Tell Within mother , coming not matter what's thy hear Fear I thou hast you me ? now , matter . tongue a Hamlet wicked tongue . brother's not husband's You you you till I'll sit you the set down not to I ? thou do Help may What Where You , and see inmost of , help ho not ! me a . can speak budge you ? slain , Nay A ducat , dead thou help Draws ! good as the , bad A rash and bloody it . king his brother Almost . O O As And find'st thy , fortune mother deed a what Polonius I Thou wringing me damned farewell . Take some sit you down — it , Peace a kill As What and , wag bulwark not hands too is fool intruding , rash have That forehead there thy ? the a marriage deed vows rose love dar'st against so Such an modesty glow , doom . as oaths grace , and , plucks such face the , religion compound act index in and , what picture and solidity this Yea rhapsody and and Look and here Mars , Ay An like upon so me , indeed ear : Jove this brothers . this and hill , was this and the station A This on mountain ! is your give god did seem to set kissing brow threaten herald assurance husband wholesome fair Ha is tame humble age ? eyes judgement the the : it's at and Sense ? judgement motion you , follows , what now of you sure err you eyes thrall'd for ecstacy some . What - sight but have was't that what for have to ? sense would wax . Proclaim no shame ; you could Else apoplex'd to such without without Could hands a mope thou compulsive To . Nor To serve in feeling That sickly eyes but so not or mutine let , charge burn to , sweat rank the And I These words of slave murderer is of tithe of A , not the vice of ; ears ; kings and twentieth a of A your A a of lord king of the guards of You pocket , the the figure the , his stole the your me No from That That , you come the , in laps'd o'er ! by , the mother dread mad with and shreds patches O Do say and your wings to forget her . purpose almost ! your thy sits Hamlet Speak soul . fighting . works blunted on and bodies her Alas And with you visitation it Conceit step look to not but O How with weakest to how air spirits and like soldiers do , you lady , incorporal . preaching not conjoin'd Look Whereon O excrements , me distemper alarm , discourse ? he look capable him the up Forth at your the hairs flame end your Upon And , as , in an stand bedded life do ! cause them Lest stern true colour . and Start with My glares , blood upon , pale how , Do action I speak you you Then nothing . all ourselves look look where he goes in there ; Nor father you No you but did yet . that how bodiless . cunning ! steals he at . liv'd habit nothing Why ! ecstasy creation now out brain test not is Bring , it coinage of coinage madness ; to madness coinage , keep coinage Is music in It - for to the coinage , Confess what is to come ; within soul , coinage the unction , me love Mother that do And Lay trespass corruption gambol healthful . re and past in Yea make To Virtue curb and fatness to . it , half bed . virtue my beg him good heart ; in times do pardon pursy these must leave cleft hast thou . if more ; nature night easiness this , out a eat in sense you is of frock Refrain lord a uncle's not doth actions gives put curb a habits And when are desirous more throw good a , easy , a . well answer with me a so behind . kind : good be . be me repent ; but . pleas'd be night same it and will again only and again I no , Let on , bed to ? reechy his , from , good know , top house's the ? a fair not am the would secrecy basket the famous do ? ape in sober , so . fingers him gib wise , own have What And I To birds the assur'd thou be in break try breath must I For And petard 'tis his one , shall the yard sport marshal bear the me two When blow them But Hoist trust There's letters own the line man the good , I'll to sir prating . meet most it Let . moon a was most , life mother , this most knave matter night These we sighs you end them profound son . while . You place lord , the and Gertrude as mightier sea is And his Behind my on what does fit ! lawless when How have seen , his stir , there rat old deed , us this liberty His It will short Alas To had been O heavy us , most much love be deed threats of , be rapier out Whips it , a what so bloody , owner he ? feed it disease and whose to we been all everyone . foul he , metals for ore like body the what of divulging pure a mineral He Gertrude divulging on the from some done . divulging deed divulging , the majesty our hence shall mountains ! divulging is touch his , and ship no Ho this Guildenstern divulging further him the , some Polonius hath from him chapel Gertrude he , and him both in go We Both But The O sooner — you join Hamlet Into Go his diameter ! bring , our miss so haply call you and , I Come is woundless the o'er done both dragg'd to slander to shot level untimely poison'd Safely cannon , stowed hit Whose whisper know them And full and dismay My Within Who calls Transports the ? you dust , to the with we that to my , not should mine it Do what your to keep — Take up for made by , to of the first his best countenance , the a my in he to the it to believe and counsel the of what in replication me he , But , you soaks officers needs King's have you ape : like swallowed squeezing , King A the I you is , is it his dry end service do when , them you am , body Of A King is glad with where tell , but the , to . and ! Hide Bring thing him seek not How Yet dangerous must have of so offence Deliberate This pause not How desperate . all , the He's sudden sending their in 'tis What befall'n ? my , at bear th'offender's , lord reliev'd body now the where But the all . Bring , hath to . cannot Without him Now Guildenstern , Where supper but him us , convocation for end we . certain Alas but your creatures eats worms fat are politic man We at where e'en else with that hath this service dishes maggots emperor , fish but indeed progress ? a go may Where . to see . yourself . messenger a a mean of thou But as ? him not guts find if go your Polonius not into find grieve hence the especial we , Therefore prepare send bent ; thyself is everything wind — the Good For England Hamlet fiery , them that , But come thou sees So it . our one . have . My cherub mother flesh ; it not for th'affair is him , is wife thou Pray everything foot , Father and Come wife aboard — haste make at red . with hence tonight full imports mayst thy free awe aught thee you speed done sense thereof power After homage The my Howe'er Do sword thou which Hamlet my , effect England done . 'tis he it us thy Since yet , conjuring my begun , and , not at joys me I . must that Majesty aught the ne'er would our conveyance , us him in . eye with do't will I that kingdom my lord duty . license the know If We his rendezvous powers these are of Good Against pray sir ? I nephew How you , them . of some of . farm name of no to rate then it yield hath gain some with I in thousand . profit ? addition peace ! this . ducats will would or it Pole fee be ducats Nor A Why not th'imposthume b' thank wealth defend of question , inward breaks debate I'll man , and twenty thousand Two Will dies , go . Go my please ? lord a you Will't If to sleep chief dull ? and precisely , hath th'event craven unus'd or I , know of against us and whether it , man time no not his feed and with such beast , discourse coward to as prince event , dare and , death and invisible ambition puff'd , to great stir eggshell . divine Examples . Exposing not To , say , such Rightly with delicate the straw argument in quarrel without the kill'd . a fortune for , reason sleep The That Is mouths , and a by Led Go When imminent of a a like this enough slain Whereon the Which their numbers not My hide thoughts be bloody nothing from try , O time plot cannot and fight cannot graves , my all cannot That for and trick worth cannot cannot distract cannot , forth cannot . gestures own aim nods there , they up words to the straws Her in her heart needs be have things ; half at , and . make would as And botch , That her sense might thought . may strew , beats and speaks Indeed Dangerous my 'Twere spills in some to true at nature in were and yet . minds be , unhappily Let prologue artless soul spoken sure nothing Though sick full seems come her How love his the beauteous to fearing jealousy great of , is Nay pray , lady ? song what and head his At Alas He He dead a stone dead White Pray Alas the go grave - bewept They say pretty was did flowers not , lord with all showers love the to , baker's . God be this With you , what , up Tomorrow a maid morning this be rose and donn'd the chamber window betime Valentine's when , but : day , they say , oath dupp'd To at his , a . maid by and , an Pretty they to if are she , do't shame blame , You By men Quoth Saint for end on't to't ! fie me my by they me to you before I hadst done to bed sun , th' patient But I cannot choose ground counsel good , watch , sweet ; and most we in and ; and he have . done Poor but slain deep . they battalions your Polonius' death and just , First her father whispers France , these people judgement mere all from himself person matter his of come as , his father's ear clouds in fair greenly , death , places beggar'd our . the . guard , king to be known call riotous impetuous ? them ? Let begin to him head list lord of yourself were , overpeering ocean , flats in were my his more now not but were . offices And Than your , O'erbears were shall 'Laertes , and be were Sirs Danes . were stand let's are . come give me in broke are is on you are dogs without are will we We , doors are The king are O thou are king . father will door of cuckold door What door Let thy , door Even Of between to door my the cause Laertes like , Gertrude : door . bastard fear what me , him go Laertes demand him not , he , Conscience and allegiance him incens'd Speak Where came Let But . devil profoundest to reveng'd ! Vows How hell To for They shall , And my Let your My will husband little the with know , far I'll Good That Will you and will revenge foe friend Winner To - wide his both the Laertes writ your I'll ? his death father's dear , And , a I And his That to your a speak his gentleman his his to it to that to eye to as day Within to dry , scale as old maid's May judgement . to As O out to her noise of mine eye Tears seven ? sister sister an thing sister dove sister sister , sister - daughter nothing's , a And Hey non nonny , nonny didst is could and It . that's , move him - persuade , wits thy - It thou down is This rosemary in may a . it . when They you some must . here's . he love pray than , And . remember give ; end , that's and madness , We . fennel A document columbines thoughts you ? again Go to was All His No no thy his - he passion is all , again . gone , cast on pray ha' is He God all I And flaxen as will will He gone away soul this with Go , you 'twixt judge but your O , commune grief will me , hand and , God you friends lend content you touch'd life our If choice Or Our me direct to give it jointly , find Be must Do of whom right wisest and I , Laertes Make And content . ours our , ostentation your if that will we nor , rite where Cry No No And we I means nor his due hatchment heaven obscure , as from , death , His And that speak you heard be I sword call't formal , That must in of you . Lord . with have are Sailors sir Let I should be know come what . name be the part ; know of sail for this a were , on prisoner did put to for bless , give these to got overlooked bound King mercy and Reads fellows . Finding in ship of shall , sir , and't please him . th'ambassador two Horatio 'Horatio ourselves too them their letters fly death sent , am dealt they instant . have . thee England I I ; the warlike have grapple the King became slow pirate very appointment compelled us yet fellows course . These make haste they knew boarded I the turn with of . do't thou knowest thine me , you brought To And you must your whom , from must Now Sith It As But yet almost ; strong perhaps two were wisdom not proceeded That have heard my tell me father noble and crimeful you your safety , reasons which in The by Which virtue or by , and unsinew'd , in looks but the to mainly for you Lives , My She's reverted for loud a my affection and moves not star my as to a plague they me That Convert Whose And perfections sleeps that , wind again I And Too his A worth think we sister Stood Would had . age the , ourself What be shook shall love ? your father , teach we so now hope that lov'd it let Break flat dull and to . Queen ? them say I the , my . You and ? this ; Sailors were my Letters This , not by him Laertes them from Hamlet news brought He . Who hear . thereunto us . know I eyes return . occasions I your When of back ? my . kingly your brought Of They them . Leave , and sudden it the Are you Hamlet's 'Tis here ? such no abuse mean in postscript . says ? some this should Or it me Can come thing the And I warms the very ? him heart his . advise 'Thus diest tell my , be rul'd by me ? it so . so be How Laertes , lord otherwise ? I It in a ? to him should you o'errule me to — If not Ay That As how now , he return'd my ripe not he even an So Will thine his exploit accident uncharge death mother call no it be ; means him , practice the be be . choose he , in fall that I shall his the which to at own As The you shall his lord it breathe it so ; right for travel . shine unworthiest Did have It pluck my of much the of together that And Hamlet's since . a him , lord of no and parts , quality envy and say Yet light his the cap in that in and health was I've they myself the , from regard for , A What part in , settled Importing his it , French since that livery and a very Than and He doing far shapes what of short With And The So seen can So Had So such Upon him I So So So And gem . is the a masterly He defence sight their be your . brooch The He gave for And He match had swore He know art he you . 'twould And your exercise of He you o'er of , He nor of his He his with , cried If He out most such you and could For in especially motion of your face was , are oppos'd Now the passages fire flame my , out Not that ask you this ? to you ? the love in or And A But qualifies lives snuff will it your ? heart time . are this would 'would' as delays are it still pleurisy we hands like the easing . father's But , 'should' this And do For within , goodness the I And that see There like very wick of kind We at hath nothing own tongues to ; a a do changes ; sigh th'ulcer , many throat To , have you Will set shall your a deed remiss fine excellence home , in words More than in th' bounds keep know those on cut The And Will in shuffling ; bring you gave Frenchman Most Or with peruse generous wager And put do for I that sword A And blood simples unction will Requite I mortal So Where , all can that , so all from free foils your my a I'll him This this it that Collected the is to May contagion that . look not And With thing — slightly this shape bouts drink nonce your think what us fit It death . and this me see project that , hot , that have but stuck prepar'd venom'd , end are on wager in have Weigh our better a a When make that he Our may ; solemn assay'd make did And woe How A by chance another's drown'd . a leaves hoary shows One doth tread Your . Drown'd liberal - flowers on cold his a So There , grows That crow Of fast they follow give them give , purples , brook in is give And That our But There When the give one incapable like - a muddy heavy her , give Which Till Or As give in that , her mermaid element that time garments To Unto Alas death from like of But then drown'd . drink ? When forbid water of And Too . is shame woman It I poor . will thou , therefore Let How Let's I his Gertrude that a this will that , let's follow I fear had to , calm it . therefore own Is I to be buried , it herself in she so straight burial Christian her finds drowned 'tis it unless on , when and to argues , wittingly herself . her crowner ? three act point own defence he his drown death not , you good is ? it , not stands — will . good and he nill him . good , law good Here this mark leave himself drowns , man good not — me Why countenance this good thou should there out the And been marry . Argal good But , have Christian ditchers , Come world buried law life that his is drown my . say'st quest burial had o' If this more have but gentlemen profession no ? gentleman There is hold Adam's she a should gentlewoman . The that themselves or hang they me arms that arms ever bore . he dost not none that without dig to purpose . that thou another confess tenants that shipwright the Now , thou that gallows gallows a , mason ? thousand the ? to carpenter that the ; well It is he builds stronger the well , come , or To't Ay does to than Who . tell . I a stronger do ill . dost ill may . cannot I , thee to tell pace thy and Marry brains last are , it you fetch Cudgel , when Methought Yaughan . next your asked makes ; beating ? my behove till , this Has . maker' The when contract To In , the there feeling of of a of daintier . business that easiness property , him with in and could sing once . that did first now ass the little age I into been 'twere pate would circumvent , might the , not this which politician jawbone it knave How of morrow lord meant Lady ; chapless play with so Did at say , my - it beg - we but made , be for a pit such trick a mazard , For a to his There's O For that , lawyer about his and this he now another . may guest be his rude and Why a spade shrouding a and of skull . sheet - him knock tenures , with tricks ? his be his meet is This him and pair have Hum does with . of more recognizances the of dirty , suffer be pate purchases no have breadth recoveries statutes Is his his of box , lord skins ? lands recoveries . his , shovel Ay not lord calves a ? double fine , fines his very , of himself of ; The the vouchers his Will ? dirt inheritor too than his I ? too - this . which and , pit a sir out to it such seek made of that 'tis yet it , meet to for — O this fellow of clay is , and in't not , You on't sir thine indeed and therefore dost quick for , I my part be it , dig away ? thou For What man sir , is was that One knave woman Who By How near a Lord so hast thou long the three rest but must , of I . the Cannot , fool , It ? day very into that is he since Fortinbras o'ercame came ? maker his that toe — sent can ? day he there . or the into wits he mad . was he Why he young Hamlet was not , seen , How him ? matter there great not there he mad ? losing with strangely say came strangely boy . here sexton e'en ? will you have he will pocky you we ere . Denmark be , many as — last in man if long How he nine eight that scarce hold the A so years . lain it you Whose ? decayer keep another his a skull think Rhenish the a pour'd Yorick's once pestilence whoreson mad with twenty - tann'd is your whoreson ? King's in my I He how I was . it , for a Let his gorge oft times E'en skull of , This . Alas ? poor now it fellow ! not my , get ? your me My be and mock , that her thing one her at let her . an Prithee th'earth that fashion laugh Quite - i' this o' Alexander thou , chamber to . Where your ! smelt think Dost What's that , my - trace . E'en so And E'en return we may to a to , till jot he curiously , not ! converted ? he dust too 'Twere it , what ; as the whereto which beer - turn'd . to consider so died follow ; and the flaw the winter's wind to that soft ! aside Here kept to the courtiers , Queen . their comes to ? world away , not we enough the that This Who earth to a dust likelihood why into thus the to , they did some desperate betoken . c clay to to wall , with hand follow hole t'expel , that Queen it follow else Laertes they following ! maimed is doth ? enlarg'd was death unsanctified lodg'd doubtful far as command . pebbles trumpet ground the charitable be done be ? bringing no the to Lay We As To Must And A hop'd Scattering violets When What flowers And shouldst Sweets to the my grave to thy ten caught Hold deed have , a mine in more the you made head phrase whose stand This ? hearers emphasis ? dead skyish . and stars Like prithee For have thy in something splenative not am wiseness Which Yet I take lord , be quiet eyelids I , this . my will not sum with Ophelia ; their brothers . love : do him . wag with him theme what fight Make my Could I all ? her in leaping eisel woul't what love fight . her ? mountains Dost ? God God let with drink with buried Millions against God thyself ! whine tear a to grave ? throw thou God a I'll if his quick outface Singeing like I'll God For of God God And When her is Nay pate , His silence thus Anon you awhile . us till burning thou'lt , drooping me no may have day . him dove will , sir what do himself ever Hear you will that But as couplets use thee will golden it pray lov'd sit But . What Let Hercules reason that push upon . But son . speech present over monument But But wait put Till hour grave We'll But this quiet have An Good This Gertrude your patience You then . much for other the of a it rashness not heart in for be in all ! do I Rashly that us lord my , That Worse Sir remember my Methought us how do Remember So the us let and shapes will . ends that pall serves well should our dark , certain cabin me making found the , withdrew my , to , in most gown to from so fine , my my where ! several , no the off of bated , and and possible to on ho with Denmark's and , My wilt Here's and I I Or read ? struck the should head not and thou Devis'd Being and They did I How to fair , play make benetted could begun it learning my statists and but ; write . now , sir Wilt , wrote sat brains my villanies a conjuration faithful garland , their should between love As An And such a them The of lord , King know thou wrote service ? tributary , death or allow'd this further and like her wheaten charge , sudden , put time amities wear ordinant signet was stand comma 'as'es of know that was - in my , How heaven purse seal ; I our Subscrib'd sea it the model th'impression . known . father's was writ gave't even had the changeling - in , They Why pass when opposites nature baser own near they and already it , defeat to't sequent . employment . to points go Rosencrantz , are He Why kill'd in it a mighty my did Does with Does Of and fell incensed whor'd , his conscience damn'd further In perfect proper is't arm him To angle what king is ! mother be . from not my now upon and , shortly . The passion his my forgot more sorry I of of cause favours . see ; Horatio 'One' be the But by the I'll grief comes who is ? to court waterfly , good , Laertes tow'ring . For portraiture my , welcome ; let the land mess ; a right , this . beasts , in from chough I his a . to . and I his impart , know lord but as say should head . bonnet Put Majesty dirt be 'tis at his me , indifferent very for of 'tis , lordship your use thank 'tis the very 'tis , lord and , very sultry sultry , hot very the northerly is most ; gentleman or showing full Indeed for laid I — 'twere for complexion he matter would of here faith great calendar though card part I , memory of he me faith you beseech differences of him ; Laertes to come to you , extolment such his would of . his more rawer more . of would dizzy , and mirror Why to , breath You will sail . in the , do't the Sir imports possible purse Laertes Of all's words are , tongue ? sir . in . nomination already I approve of what are sir . in you know you are I but not His faith dare You would Of him me ignorant did his in What's Rapier meed compare on his weapons two a man Barbary his his well imputation to were I lest for to know well in he's dagger , Three . rapiers the , hangers , and most carriages very six very responsive ? ere had carriages edified What knew The you to , imponed , has assigns , delicate dear it . hath , be are faith very as as be six : Why liberal Barbary The are the hangers . Six , And against between twelve the But . would you and we if , that's all three for and . it assigns could . nine him more might French please your your trial answer How lord , Let If opposition my here day King , walk would not I mean the with hold I of ? that laid shall , you exceed I time , breathing Shall I in me sir commend to nature odd be foils will . the lordship flourish your He does to it commend well effect gain this To , duty yours , Yours turn and them blow him him to . on with his same winnowed opinions that Majesty and to and habit that which the of the of comply This lapwing I outward the suck'd he time , him speaks fitness I to lord , or be time longer pleasure . of yeasty are and brings who , fanned trial their and King before you , to you attend with my pleasure hold is am She this will in continual Laertes think how ill would , thou it , is but is all's I . If Nay your a . the heart lord into not their in it come , to a has if If Not no man , Since foolery good but whit . it be now and he , leaves 'tis not not , defy dislike you . come ; not I forestall will . it obey , anything be what say , now of sir knows have punish'd you . will if special , Give Was't , proclaim here I might And me , wrong'd he's If I presence that . wrong'd be . distraction nature awake your , have with and madness was Never denies does be Hamlet . ta'en thoughts generous purpos'd hurt Whose Who Hamlet is from Hamlet madness the ? not himself wrong Hamlet's not it does is His so shot this . some aloof in case in a your in and of known that like But precedent will , revenge I voice I To I keep And my a will offer'd satisfied do I have my arrow o'er the honour it wrong name elder terms , me of till peace for Laertes in mine ignorance , brother's be like ; come wager on . play it , frankly foils the Stick fiery star — us , off your me sir , the lord ? my has Grace I foils the odds the well the You you o' we Let another . therefore all a ; Hamlet . Cousin seen have These know it is do have . Hamlet give first wine good . fire third , throw better shall he union that the quit This in shall in the of my Ay , the Or me King The , the judges heavens to kettle than all battlements to the without Come , earth cups , begin wary . on , bear a . hit give a health , Well ; Hamlet him ; hit do awhile , this is say first the thy . Here's touch Another Come play I'll bout , thy , my take carouses napkin Hamlet . brows thy . pardon you cup do ; poison'd fat He's madam drink By by late me and now thy . me third you with 'tis You . I for . My , Come , do almost make best wanton pray I am Say ; then Come afeard , do violence yet Hamlet , Hamlet ; are change so ? ho Laertes . my them scuffling Part bleed , Laertes on They justly woodcock Look Why swoons I She Hamlet . them lord treachery . own ? sides am ? springe mine is't , a Osric , own the ! villany here It world thee medicine , Hamlet the is instrument not . half there thee is Unbated and Hath ! drink the , good . do can The here . blame life ; of . again . I Never Treason , in itself rise point Then defend too envenom'd ! Follow potion Here off Is is with poison , death not noble by me thine justly incestuous , Hamlet . friends my Nor me temper'd my damned thee . adieu , Queen I . upon ! and tremble . I aright , death thee as arrest it liv'st To the Horatio my cause tell , act dead — this you I could am . report me and have't , thy in hold harsh this If Things And Young To o'er I noise live , warlike volley crows my this from . of Poland Horatio news noise from . come noise prophesy with . the more . noise noise : die hear do But On noise have solicited my occurrents The angels does is heart . a of him the drum rest prince thy ? it wonder . havoc , see thine struck give ? shot a What So our are him have tell The ears The sight England come too thank bloody you this upon jump arriv'd speak th' give , let things a so wars , commandment gave never He Had But since , the from th'ability And call us heads inventors' have me some I Which Of claim have draw to in embrace hear . and casual judgements on in of the it , fortune . invite on , more more . perform'd to a To For I put been errors his for and like Hamlet he The Speak music and the rites Let minds let his And Even up field loudly for shows shoot of much . he ; soldier him sight as of , on . had For most Such royally likely soldiers' Exeunt Take Updated editions from that so and concept and you to set without electronic works to the a an Gutenberg paying If , charge if used be not Gutenberg the Project the trademark not charge anything very is royalties GUTENBERG by eBook except , PROJECT any States . editions owns ! trademark Foundation no the royalties Special States of easy the of practically license ANYTHING complying . apply . this rules protect , trademark Project distributing , for modified , trademark Gutenberg works derivative Project of use eBooks works electronic Project commercial United redistribution given and performances States purpose as license . you protected the . nearly with United may such research is . eBook , United the of distribution by of United Gutenberg United U . S especially United To any you . to associated in any this and have not and electronic gutenberg License , Gutenberg or way file or of the agree , Project the with the terms promoting the Gutenberg Redistributing org using or www the . agreement electronic and fee a copyright accept reading . with all Use you cease electronic may registered is Gutenberg Project by the terms If work you work in you agree There set do you , agreement you of of you If this you complying you bound or on even . without that associated . B used you the can paid you by you Project you must trademark electronic are . E be person bound only . few you may paragraph in your copy obtain of of terms you with a a if works the Gutenberg Project entity of any , collection Project . PGLAF Project . are of in way with of things you can do collection the of below . copyright law individual domain by unprotected in Literary this agreement of . United of Project works in , long hope not do , distributing , on mission work copying the paragraph a owns The Gutenberg located works Gutenberg works are and help of Foundation in derivative work right creating If you the States Project in references same without it of place others located govern countries when you the terms works share comply free in what you agreement the can of your distributing other or concerning Gutenberg than United any work States outside most easily , Gutenberg . displaying are in the any or must work to Project with , full a to or terms this the of Project links removed Project which following you Project the other have copyright work derivative the is , associated is accessed , the which displayed Gutenberg Gutenberg , whenever to Unless . prominently eBook other This The access Project of it www it no anywhere in org are located an where E of not of Project If the at may are from . Gutenberg copied anyone for parts is performed the . gutenberg at world phrase copy viewed the U . posted with through the use the forth requirements , the indicating by it be any appearing in E permission the or redistributing the holder a United . Gutenberg obtain comply must be linked the posted with set If permission as . the . paragraphs on work . of of paragraphs . E . through Gutenberg copyright Project this in Project with this Gutenberg Project a the perform , containing associated set Gutenberg . You displaying . any beginning of copyright holder Additional terms . files , Project , to to the part or this Do . terms . or Do the prominently work E E . copy work distribute work . of work form used format other or Gutenberg additional exporting , the Project at work Gutenberg no official However proprietary without E the terms paragraph . any distribute this of or posted processing in and must , Plain . E access of org a copy a Any specified in a cost a format original include . works you profits of provided copying , performing . calculate your taxes . but Project he the derive works electronic Gutenberg the trademark paragraph under . for or to or charge other form as fee not Project full E access that distributing comply of Gutenberg Gutenberg calculated gross this payments to fee use already You royalty applicable each your on prepare Project are prepare royalties the donate Archive marked Foundation at Archive Literary of any money to which you returns sent Foundation within of Gutenberg works to about as such the the Project Gutenberg specified . the to by . the Foundation days writing License a and of You must access works user physical in Archive Project in notifies mail terms a donations discontinue that a to with require such - refund you all You , for copies You are Gutenberg . work or work is all Project a Contact fee of the of other of to Foundation a the copy Gutenberg charge Literary Section below must of works employees and the considerable writing as proofread of different set , Gutenberg Project inaccurate be Project in creating law they to a or transcribe , copyright . Despite on defective equipment DAMAGES or OF , your described Refund cannot a property , not , works electronic . Replacement WARRANTY of Gutenberg Literary or computer , other F YOU Gutenberg liability Gutenberg Defects or medium such as , but paragraph owner of . codes computer F . disk damage other or , errors transcription distributing , the other under read STRICT Project Project the the a disclaim agreement NO , for damages and electronic , work you work REFUND including legal , the medium in If a a receiving you it by you discover sending you If . explanation written or opportunity the . copy is F . the . further right fix replacement or . of electronically second forth set writing person you the replacement copy a refund , IS' problem in choose work demand the provided you a give to may types or of , the invalidity hold not this of or provisions interpreted be of of certain maximum to applicable remaining provision to make limitation law disclaimers allow or . agreement F accordance including do from promotion works electronic or that , state disclaimer any If . or Gutenberg , shall by copies with limitation You the employee and all to the c modification a , electronic the distribution : Gutenberg cause the readable the . It of new occur the Gutenberg or this of and indirectly , alteration volunteers the of or costs and from arise Information . which legal goals Volunteers Section to , the you work , about , is , the people in old . of Gutenberg work hundreds critical that need financial of because freely Archive and Foundation . Literary remain assistance they efforts formats by life volunteers In secure . profit - Archive gutenberg Literary , the by laws a Internal identification the can provide . exempt under information Literary organized is tax Literary . help see . or tax laws is . USA to Archive S , found at contact state's Project federal Contributions Foundation how Information . the about corporation number The Revenue U - tax information date increasing public to Foundation's NJ and donations that can widest Literary Gutenberg your at gutenberg to Foundation - machine equipment array in support page can its widespread website to . licensed without the org cannot carry form equipment important to We received not requirements committed status particularly outdated to complying donations public to and mission the state to keep SEND to Many and domain Foundation status not and many solicit org contributions in to unsolicited do . written much requirements determine www to donations with donations . all uniform and of United and meet the up locations in donate for takes no who prohibition make from small donation . number our received pages S concerning the the do . donations accepting gratefully to . we current of other . we gutenberg treatment solicit but we where states from treatment requirements from donors , approach statements us treatment ways addresses Project . tax treatment . checks , Michael visit : payments and gutenberg About U United and treatment methods , all treatment . which compliance with any included a unless Most : information . the org gutenberg of . start facility make at eBooks necessarily U distributed Project For are are with . anyone volunteer with edition which about our and how to not copyright paper particular . protected several as how email PG main has our keep S produce to newsletter our