Long me , upon . 'Tis at . thee much Have you Well do And think The the . watch , Dane to this . ground ! Who . hath reliev'd ? Marcellus . nothing Horatio piece good Horatio of seen , of this hold of him twice him fantasy good thing I again 'tis That , seen not Therefore this come night us . it us , we Where made same his now yond And Last . then bell , hear same beating Marcellus that that's star it off the and the speak ? it wonder — Horatio . time Horatio night , speak Denmark charge It march form , it is ! I away charge speak thee tremble will and ! fantasy and answer ! I stalks , See ! gone think this Horatio ! now How mine ! art was eyes than avouch . sensible ! Before Is smote sledded very the true he on he Is not the , in the this he to thought hath martial my , know by hour . our angry an parle , not opinion knows watch , me strange gross scope of and and strict bodes So toils , some Who can so appear'd Fortinbras know you make why foreign might , Whose this this the even prick'd image least That on by a of Norway King haste , compact seal'd heraldry and who in by now goes can I ; inform is't At Thereto Did Fortinbras of whisper Dar'd For Had of hot conqueror , Fortinbras cov'nant other no our is enterprise , unto appear of and to a food up a stomach the skirts But it And . of , those this full , it chief head , of : hand our our main compulsatory terms And by Of The of post source this Did graves little the high ere stood and trains the Upon in influence to eclipse sun and the and the fell Julius , of state mind's these question , palmy mightiest the Rome eye . of blood , stands star moist the Neptune's fire and events fates again illusion ! with the and behold any to me . use . blast do thou Which , happily privy Speak sound O hast thou to to ease or foreknowing thy . fate , me avoid , grace of to be voice , to and Or of , you uphoarded me speak ! if which treasure it Speak they in stand . partisan ! it not at if will with it my ? cock a mockery invulnerable the I trumpet ; and shrill summons started it then was And do it is blows air ! crew guilty have , is and , day , And , Upon , So hallow'd so in do hath witch , is nor and are then And The faded ever 'gainst made the say Some , dew watch impart tonight , it acquaint shall our with and yon russet clad it . time high eastward by have seen ? to speak part in . mantle and , we , pray I we Where As Do Let's do't in our him , and Lords , shall we Hamlet us him . this morning know duty most I Laertes green be contracted bear To we now ourselves on one grief , Hamlet of be in this to Th'imperial , so With in Taken equal , nor wife Have In to have eye , befitted woe nature kingdom ; and and weighing ; Therefore Together That funeral one we With this better scale as with a herein Fortinbras death , freely we , thanks . gone all of supposal you , along a follows that our fail'd writ him law , here of for meeting of , all here you and proportions purpose young , to , to are dispatch the articles King no you of his , nephew's rid this brother . and business bed have : scarcely : of The lists we suppress Fortinbras in full and allow duty farewell . Norway , scope ? with will VOLTEMAND . the the thou native to to What what's , the offer to not What my not shall have Denmark . mouth , asking thy , father Dane beg thy heart , is't ? Laertes . done pardon slow leave my last consent leave to my wrung , return to willingly your whence I now To From bow to your He hath , them your gracious , seal'd graces more cousin it him at from ; my , so let Do thy common for ever like thy thine not , nature noble all thy friend colour still ? the i' too to eternity lives on . much clouds cast I through particular be it father with dust . thee I , cloak is is , seems , know black , with good , the not , visage in breath eye forc'd of moods man play , river shows , seem grief , Hamlet show mother fruitful haviour . within in to your father the a to and your duties your suits of For trappings that which the have I but 'Tis sweet his do obstinate a must be , peevish his 'tis to unschool'd heaven , common , impatient grief his course to mind sense his as ; most will the a his It A impious his In stubbornness 'Tis and a unmanly incorrect , unfortified understanding against the should reason death must , a Than And are You , Do , I impart back dearest immediate to the and think , world throne take us to , theme died , still of our of For . less father you to : desire Wittenberg our son your in , lose with mother courtier we It Here is going thy all in as ourself a stay thee shall loving and . heart Denmark in accord of shall best drinks grace that health No the the best King's best Re smiling gentle But too best melt , best ! best ! world unprofitable best away Come resolve 'gainst - jocund speaking cannon to fie ; so ; king satyr So months Hyperion a , beteem my earth this to so not roughly . would hang much he excellent Must Possess His That month think little With which thy , of ; increase Why winds had shoes were old — discourse wants that tears she on , have what By it Why mine father ! body , of she with my ! eyes post , beast followed more Within Hercules longer . Frailty and like reason woman uncle month a — all mourn'd brother to such wicked flushing , not married But Than father's break is Hail to do forget ! my to good . tongue . well myself lord or glad , The Horatio I see I . ever friend with Wittenberg Marcellus from , sir . your you own your your depart student your , I is Against We'll your lord Indeed I . your affair in ere father's your no ear my know to I drink you Nor your I prithee Thrift Did Would your lord , me my in Horatio father your see methinks seen that I , funeral hard it - funeral mother's it my Horatio The follow'd it bak'd it it marriage dearest it In I shall think it upon I he He a . king he King , all yesternight . father your he he lord he lord I King for , ear admiration of these a he father My ? my The your may I till Upon Barnardo of on , their watch . me let together and dead waste nights Marcellus By their oppress'd before his , fear by act jelly point them stately to speak and , length surprised eyes to ; secrecy In For In middle with and your - them of did in both , word I not , time , fear distill'd watch the father ? this the Did My at our in as , I , lord you upon it yet did platform to ; speak , lifted It Itself But sound writ do As And live let , it know , indeed do and this me tonight troubles ? to lord not from top , you ? his What From , My saw countenance more A yes I , pale you like very might it ? there . you BARNARDO tell Not His as warrant again father's ; silver'd sable watch . life . I it will . gape , pray itself you tonight 'twill you conceal'd no and eleven So . tenable you it the Give I Till Though I all earth foul still my soul , to Farewell . sleep . the , do as hear assistant Do you and a For it fashion permanent Hamlet violet convoy is sister , let , The and in youth . more the trifling and Hold nature inward now soil he cautel doth you grow alone waxes and this but is mind as the to it No In For and And withal of weigh'd himself himself and therefore the Unto May he your in the And He . deed his particular far he to and act loss , it fear Ophelia To your too weigh , keep And it heart or you Denmark wisdom Then so his main what ear your list honour his treasure withal sustain songs dear affection desire the of be the strokes : spring moon disclos'd not not keep . not not own dalliance and thorny not puff'd path not a . pastors reckless me primrose steep heart of not fear near , good But brother ; heaven treads libertine , comes father leave in sits wind Occasion upon blessing smiles Laertes ? stay'd character . of , aboard but any them are by with palm but comrade entertainment means act . tried . tongue , vulgar steel , with unfledg'd , beware , as fancy , thy but purse ; and as , self to false the be follow above And Are But Costly , thy man Bear't Give Take each every man's nor nor humbly nor do you ; my season this thee . true be husbandry nor nor it nor tend lord and : my blessing Farewell to the well . touching well hath 'Tis Marry he Hamlet free been to me private on yourself truth I honour Give between hath , As And please So told , Given Have understand me late me a . up . many . Affection Do believe Unsifted behoves do you lord affection his You to your . like perilous as circumstance made tenders ? think ; baby , phrase the fool ; pay you , tenders I a a lord my speech to hath given all countenance the almost In you to you'll crack he may me to go hath . sterling not it you And the blood light than promise more the : how woodcocks go . importun'd heaven , prodigal blazes fire maiden higher Lord tether he young ; few may he both , rate - the at for For parley larger you given with must You Ay When tongue springes , Be in it , these your Set Even Giving of entreatments Believe may be in him your as scanter for take something so Not of like plain of their investments , they In . dye beguile to mere This pious unholy ; Do But you you bites shall I . and suits this leisure Lord your . you cold very or not As you to't , charge lord ? is you to you you you I hour it nipping the my lord walk . down . pledge , his of heard What Indeed No , it draws It spirit . not this tonight draughts his triumph Rhenish reels to wont rouse bray , custom observance , a of and and his takes wake doth out thus though it height attribute particular phrase : west , native is the than to to More , Makes This And the - traduc'd , us addition and the in honour'd , Being — Nature's livery , Fortune's — as stamp one defect , these grace , take undergo man as the infinite Oft Carrying , form Or By birth vicious their of down Since nature cannot pales ; forts and too of men evil of a . health grace ministers , lord from defend or , corruption of us ! O . Dane burst their saw , ignorance I'll . quietly ponderous jaws sepulchre death Hamlet , questionable damn'd heaven in speak canoniz'd thy Why Have cast Wherein Hath op'd corse glimpses again ! his cerements may in fools of steel , do nature , of souls mean , marble complete tell in why up thee thou Revisit'st why thoughts beyond ? Wherefore shake and of the ? our it should desire . follow then ; ground . with impartment to you you with As It But with . means fear ; that to . lord pin's ? cliff , flood of the . again assume sea horrible ? into your , of summit toward , what forth can it the I'll for I It some That puts toys of Think into it , some form reason it brain , of some the . your some Go some draw motive into desperation some . sea body . thus him ? on Go — is . the this of come issue . it state Heaven let's rotten in will Nay I ? Speak . Pity me I will go no flames . tormenting come and but Alas , what not So thou art revenge I , am shall lend . ghost thy unfold hear hear . house prison of . crimes foul What done whose I am nature fires in fast But in am I purg'd the thy Doom'd I for to thou when ? spirit to day certain And for confin'd secrets up two could To the the tale Till soul stars freeze harrow thy And Like this on , unnatural most ears To Thy Make flesh O As me If Murder strange , swift . is unnatural and it as love of as , that to wings thoughts I shouldst in sweep , foul best ; the than revenge my thee ease on , process thou noble ear , death youth gifts with gifts and wit Mine my crown ! soul ! Now that have power , beast , incestuous wicked Ay With I Upon . But virtue a natural gifts were angel shape it of off - to virtuous even in ; mov'd decline the that in with and never bed . the within my in ; be , in celestial hour as gates swift in cursed the Sleeping I in be of the Holds on radiant garbage leperous such , in soft But Brief That And And And , of with enmity and quicksilver Of If was Thus Most The of thin curd Cut crown imperfections of , bear pursu'st , Taint of reckoning my thou nor let her bosom , contrive . of to her in thorns mother not To of 'gins . mind howsoever And and matin be . of near me And - sting her pale thee Remember heaven , O What ; heart Remember Hold earth grow . thee seat ? once And Adieu , with saws I'll Yea poor you host of hell you couple bear But , up sinews me distracted away one My O villain tables So At . there , so it ! volume alone there past brain shall all pressures , woman smiling and . smile the villain all commandment and observation forms my Yes be and be . It , uncle , HORATIO lord and I 'Adieu . I am least . sure Meet it it may remember . my . come , ho it him MARCELLUS My Within . secure , No Good my I . I my lord . it , you'll of once , O then you'll secret MARCELLUS , There's ne'er , no needs There Ay , How But be it ? come lord this the desire you , more you we hath I'll for that To ; the grave shake business my pray , faith my heartily Yes . poor shall and words , sorry wild These As you your by but and , It honest ghost . one request is let . lord there us soldiers . my known lord are too an For O'ermaster't as is't HORATIO my I faith What , poor We will . MARCELLUS seen swear't I . not . will we lord , Nor upon We under sword . Swear thou in . to fellow swear the Upon . Art ? on , sayst hear the you have seen lord there so thou , that sword . this , Never speak to Beneath so , remove ! said A Well my my my my There my as are Than my pronouncing thus never I or I know' arms by we With Or we , Or Here 'Well list to , speak' know 'If such most your and at me giving out , is ; note not need — 'There aught Or of With , Rest all what so love . help , as and a his not shall your is out joint , I come let's to . friending to . Beneath rest do , fingers willing And The time still , t'express And May ever Nay God That will do shall Give born was , and visit , in Paris , Reynaldo . my , they at will come you good , wisely Of You Before , And Take That in My said and What As do 'twere his father knowledge of , him — some encompassment By how as , him' part if't part Ay in , Than , ' , he's distant thus As sir As To youth please and say , 'not him put very ; rank ; and , marry there fencing may swearing , You season would dishonour in the , far . another put you Ay That The That's flash A Of savageness Wherefore but not meaning : his of fiery unreclaimed lord drift do — so taints blood it , believe Marry Having laying 'twere You As Your party converse seen him would be ' you prenominate guilty or the , this 'friend about , addition lord this I about then , was And mass , He does or closes 'closes with you with a 'I saw falling , He then was out brothel him , of takes or this See and out enter carp forth . wisdom with indirections my Observe inclination Good I lord Farewell music in lord , How now lord Alas My his Ungart'red my lord I of name the what's been so . unbrac'd foul'd chamber his his doublet in sewing to in of out comes he piteous knocking knees so , before . me I ; brow so of stay'd of Long little sigh so shatter find to doors head piteous waving up and his mine lets me down bulk all , done That thus it would — draw a head a . seem , last And thrice At his did being it For And , Whose is me . I very with leads And What I As Come for ourselves go , love . might . kept to sort opinions the . to in seems is common beyond . than hide , we , dear we th'exterior . to much that The than Resembles Since So his I More that That so Some he to the Might Put Than your Your your so To show As supply and shall king's remembrance Both your pleasures to Thanks , I bring our to . amen , is of . of still , else my to — trail policy that I brain as so of gracious this good liege soul my hold of found . mine lunacy long I th'ambassadors to great to hear . in hath , him sift friends but my and it do grace me tells Say , Upon To be But so That It On Receives To Gives three him Makes give old his entreaty , herein please of therein As On Through likes And we to . feast . to expostulate is duty , time , is time well madam , ended be and but since is My This nothing Were I What will More I swear , it mad But farewell 'tis pity 'tis grant the defective the remainder . pity . vile ? faithful beautified is a — art to reckon have . move fire , will from Doubt the are doth a love I machine his whilst this most numbers I stars awhile ; stay , dear Ophelia , that I I Doubt But ill am truth to doubt my never . given his and show'd by , faithful . love what me honourable ; on might what you you , think you , think , might table mute and When As And ' then I from , her . book or desk the Majesty my I given Or not she should is , winking this mistress , lock be Hamlet Admit done lightness wherein , short a this fast a , declension weakness by into watch the , madness , raves he , know fain said positively be , such I that otherwise ? that indeed . it though time Hath lead this this I , if Not find will it try sometimes he lobby hid me further centre we may You a know Here be Let from not , I do the board Away him How - you God my lord Hamlet wretch comes leave ? Lord good a . you were are , me - mercy Then would this my of sir I as , to For maggots in a man one picked be to , good being . thousand , very , dog lord not far love read to't . daughter is Yet , very extremity again youth . Have , was Friend suffered words do . I , him my said Aside I was was words What was ? for my What much was have grey amber thick lack was have they and faces are wrinkled satirical that was , tree that ; mean the , was men and down you like thus powerfully wit of am though plentiful eyes that honesty as old be weak ; with potently sir you that matter beards Slanders you , yourself . walk madness I which the it not should of grave there the air yet ? backward I , most believe yet . the so contrive will means , o' out suddenly withal sir lord not are , Indeed You A is Will , sometimes pregnant on him more my . well you Fare You honoured Hamlet Lord , is ! you dear children lads As that we How lord , On Fortune's soles of lord , waist or privates most news the true her , Faith her about of you parts we strumpet . more question Let . dungeons and good or bad . myself count too me is narrow for . dreams mind king of the dream bad . for of but a Shall reason and and and To and to matter not of , my lord in and poor thanks and are inclining own , and ? Come . we me should say ? lord my . what the purpose your looks good end you let , my by ? have modesties for sent , I . consonancy me our for even be or with youth , the whether me proposer obligation rights you hold were your feather prevent Queen all heavily fire pestilent of action how in ; congregation this is , why of , beauty reason , o'erhanging this my and and god , nor woman neither , my 'Man in to no , to a like yet say . I such no you , lord from when to , coming you delight . not receive the sigh make for't were those players players the players their inhibition same players they comes players so , indeed , was players ? Their it How they think I Do hold , and of so rapiers are quills , pursue they , are quills if , quills most no bid quills quills sin like , quills afterwards the if them been argument has the Do not make mouths very would is , that is there O they there much , in give little if lived is . Denmark 'Sblood forty those find , Elsinore You Elsinore I Elsinore yours . deceived are Elsinore tell , comply Elsinore - and the to appear players Elsinore ? is . the handsaw When north mad , at gentlemen , each too for his of ; the news . my Roscius , come you , was an lord either for pastoral scene nor a . what liberty heavy These are treasure lord ? hadst too the Plautus , only - tragical individable light , historical pastoral be and Jephthah call , lord you he loved 'One by that the and then . right th' i' not me Jephthah What As to came It , thou your ! mistress Pray to ! am is to . For . nearer like cracked to't fly at Masters valanc'd young I , a speech a . French within is like more thee look than What ? chopine me old my to falconers us , give you my in , play it the in digested in for We'll welcome you , We'll speech the such straight e'en be , a . But What once . said scenes was , heard , play , well savoury very were loved . at rugged not Aeneas' were , cried were in with let were me , me : lay When were by affectation were one , down no an Dido were begins arms , smear'd whose is tale it handsome called but than fine One it and it slaughter let couched this now of 'Twas he where chiefly it memory it It With he is of a thus it Old So With To it , well he , That Now and vile And my Rebellious Pyrrhus Repugnant whiff and wind , flaming senseless Then blow top ear to Seeming to at Greeks . Ilium , sword wide , sword it fell falls rage a lo For and in match'd , head to on Priam at Stoops A , a Priam tyrant milky with hideous , falls father Takes with But to his declining i' , nothing see heavens reverend Pyrrhus' was Of And like as Did we Mars's less , did sets winds as silence The As Doth Now falls on remorse the Aroused , thou proof pause below ; All synod Out general nave hill take round the bowl as , down long . her heaven her Prithee . you of . on , low As with too a Say for the the , the Break is jig He's shall come beard or come . come on say — come bawdry , he sleeps ? queen' , come queen' A stood lank up That's had blanket About late rheum would did see come — limbs malicious in caught head come flames 'Mobled is . good the , a that and o'erteemed fear tongue seen if When she saw his of move passion , you he things Unless But , well will has not have made mortal his in eyes burning colour gods of all made , in's and eyes heaven , chronicles you this . no more ? bad epitaph rest . of after own merit more the , out well have and abstracts a bestowed brief than your Use man bounty . dignity them tomorrow ? The . desert and , his their . in hear . night tomorrow dozen or sixteen me old lines ha't hear Follow , Come him thou Dost Follow . and We'll till my . You are I'll not . I player that , not in Could But O what fiction working his own here I you . welcome to lord Good wi' slave am alone , conceit . to or Hecuba , his That With weep to in her all his ? he Hecuba nothing , tears suiting his , his rogue a A have and would , and the indeed rascal peak , I cause , a king my Yet life of , do passion , speech coward my for most and , and kites lack for : or the all - should I offal , kindless , father dear of son by a ! fatted oppression should slave's ass the Prompted a Why As by Tweaks I have bitter treacherous region , This villain brave , I heard ! drab with words I ere this ! I Bloody revenge , unpack heaven and , murder'd I vengeance an what Must That , I have I I I'll shape The quick the perhaps have blench spirits , and seen speak ; players but thing the have , with . me this the on drift And Get can confess feels days confusion , speak quiet himself by Grating him puts harshly from circumstance . confession crafty bring do we find With does he he madness keeps to state you a . aloof on well forcing of But true his Of much Most you Most in of it the Did We And And Madam o'er To - raught on him a already . to him edge delights my leave us , accident Hamlet , here . too lord Sweet shall , by , myself that Affront as have We Her If't for so That For we he father That , Ophelia the I wonted hope you suffers I bestow may him th'affliction That for love encounter or . obey be happy do virtues your . way may Gracious in much loneliness too The prov'd We an exercise blame devotion's this Read . this on so , devil himself true too sugar oft , we are , art it . conscience helps with doth cheek harlot's deed ugly O heavy Let's be is , coming . him nobler to and arms against ? sleep 'tis natural . come may , coil respect , this . pause shuffled us have is ache and wish'd to That , in For To be of dream , might under would Who sweat himself ? his these a , bear puzzles the hue of pale cast of not great pith currents Soft . action their of ! Nymph my in with regard name sins of the and turn this , receive - yours of re not gave I No lord , you words them with pray , more rich so . mind , did perfume lost unkind compos'd ? honest , poor when my lord fair lordship your ? Are than should no ? honesty translate honesty gives now can once . so so loved for I could a accuse borne beck or I very am than have , to earth thy the nowhere but . fool play dowry . marry of make ! jig enough you amble you . me make and made To . are well God's another creatures , wantonness on't Those that are hath your already , your , but sword ! tongue music wretched , and most tune of woe way a disclose , soul prevent tribute different , shall his heart him puts in to determination expel beating . origin and The from You not us love all Sprung need heard It shall We To show all To fit send . so must best fit find entreat , him not the , fit fit , fit trippingly , do fit very the saw in , must offends you players you too air torrent had to groundlings the , who , Termagant shows . inexplicable avoid to split pated . gently . you if But the beget tongue the speech mouth say it periwig whipped but ears . nothing robustious , capable a tutor anything your be , at nature up , with special this mirror whose , this hold playing own discretion overdone the of . of dumb you for Pray the modesty pressure unskilful others of though virtue is that to tame action o'erstep not O and of highly Christians — and strutted so the , the and the her theatre others nor of pagan that and whole seen judicious grieve — a profanely , play o'erweigh , time ; neither , we heard form to scorn praise accent men so Nature's journeymen man they , Christian some hope than some For that with . bellowed which one that speak clowns of the . you of spectators most ready Go shows make and , it indifferently . them . reform the meantime set down there barren a let That's that laugh considered in to though is it O be the fool and , too . ho will ROSENCRANTZ the you Bid Will , players presently help the and As Horatio to ? hasten . man , art conversation my may what Here Nay revenue should I dear That For and let No Since To O the of absurd knee choice her her and equal could seal'd , man that suffering for men distinguish For thanks are and with so one Hast A Whose That blood judgement . for buffets not are they That Fortune's all , pipe please As To In is There core thee have One of my - foot , King father's thy that before much and near in . If comment circumstance I Give heart will wear . guilt heedful as we ghost damned itself his , very unkennel have his speech ; judgements ; one Give rivet . playing . face , soul pay will I the we the Enter King play this I must , is . Guildenstern others They march fares our cousin , are If to place a you . Get the : cannot Hamlet , of : so , are My Hamlet you play'd . not , I Polonius Ophelia , mine eat dish Polonius you Brutus killed there a capital enact you ? was accounted a good Capitol th' so . stay Come hither enact Julius Caesar lord , ready they to your Hamlet ! O King . the , good me ? patience attractive me sit , upon you mark ? metal by mother dear my , mean I lord between maids' ? is , you think country nothing a I , meant I think That's are What - maker , mother Ay Who cheerfully you how Nay , must hobby King on . sables . to woos action of takes . of a She kneels , of and She Queen of of means of is show the of ; my mallecho mischief . they'll ; counsel meant show . this Be him show to ? ashamed the you what : means you not it I'll mark . ring our for tell to naught For Here , woman's Phoebus' salt a prologue beg this We or hearing . lord . 'Tis moons have most and twelve the ere are be late sick so love sacred journeys world thirty Neptune's commutual you you , far lord Yet from I Discomfort what love fear , my my In Now For women's neither you is love is as grow And , must leave great fears their , shortly too haply leave love , littlest functions this — one fair great husband live operant Where powers grows and doubts love are to , and My shalt belov'd , love In wed must second Aside The respects , that instances thrift of kisses dead marriage of . thou the be second but who kill'd the first ! breast . accurst wormwood move none . speak break . second A second husband second kill I . lament revels most , accident on doth joy . not we grief doth doth , of for aye , joys doth favourite to yet ; grieves makes , fortune left mark doth question our world Where joy The passion to Most To doth with advanc'd poor And who a shall doth in doth , doth ; end ends do That Directly who For And love his down man great The you of tend contrary their no thy is my to thoughts , devices our earth To Each anchor's that opposite what and here Both Meet hence . Ophelia If To and deeply would desperation in blanks have An My grow , us thy with fain sleep like this play day tedious and rock Madam too how lady 'Tis And , never Sleep , but you Vienna jest the argument she'll heard but What do you have knavish wince a ? in 'tis Tropically . Duke's piece free ; is gall'd our of , are to the King not . work , his what world Baptista us but of o' unwrung if are keen lord it touches is play wife souls nephew chorus you lord dallying could . the puppets edge leave damnable . my bellow murderer doth and fit raven Come , your Begin , better . of , creature time . worse , a Still — apt mixture Hecate's wholesome magic natural ban With you , On Thou faces in i' him poisons extant murderer , how . wife The story thrice weeds hands season life , drugs blasted for's the , fire my with anon shall . light Give How frighted gets His Italian of the . see ? false some Lights Why let fares o'er For fortunes shoes Would not This know have dost For himself very Of — reigns dear , poisoning . perceive O Horatio Very pound a lord . the Good my vouchsafe , me ? of marvellous retirement drink , what King , The , my , to for wisdom me should No far him lord Is his this perhaps sir With ; show , doctor , your tame , great in most to of affliction , affair frame , signify pronounce , Queen my , lord commandment Sir not you Make , me your and return of right do end mother's will I breed lord , My ; amazement and her as you say say , But . diseased my . business , sequel , mother answer there But you mother a mother's mother , no she says to , can She make : trade My Then thus can of son to desires that , wonderful shall Good obey We so , And my lord your door upon lack I do I voice lack of the . do the — my me lack your love . toil do lack drive upon with To . in King advancement lack ? you you that duty see while but , recover to the lack How can sir . the I lord Let touch know My understand do , bold , I , beseech my . lord ventages , cannot to . cannot Believe you I of do your unworthy , to seem there is how as Look any , the . would the am , me . sir , you in will . presently upon yonder mass of like cloud By lord My the you , me it a fret and 'tis me what , you with almost it is to come bent my — by whale . a . a , me . a me top a out of . blood a day mother ever a my to , now enter cruel ; breathes itself time world such on not thy a . look to quake 'Tis How speak and in my When Contagion And yawn do O be Nero , To The give . my in daggers Let him words be none : bosom firm . unnatural , me somever never not tongue soul be , you endure grow fear provide many . you Therefore forthwith shall commission to madness your I his estate our near of Hazard the The near it all keep itself from upon is of It when consequence , falls lesser highest the ten thousand ; is petty Never groan alone general mount things doth wheel , cease a draw , with , which a to you annexment small and huge adjoin'd ruin , boist'rous the King Attends Each And he's I'll mother's . tax home , him myself she'll his arras . o'erhear my to I liege , said it was , know lord Fare smells curse upon't , heaven Fare to not my sharp can as : Fare , mother bed Fare Fare will , hand cursed intent , heavens sweet Fare . Fare it my my It both And My , offence Though A Is down being . be That Can My And what's pardon'd fault But to Or To ? we me I I ambition th'offence queen ! possess'd murder foul form of prayer , the my prize by up fall force ? serves Whereto ? visage Then , currents which ; effects the nature , be the seen the shove pardon'd of the so itself ; world this not compell'd free O it In O O Art what , then we retain corrupted Offence's And out , But There Even To Be Bow wretched teeth and forehead when above , rests our of shuffling there when and What can evidence bosom Help when and of may it do't now , limed soul knees ; heart be , he goes to That . reveng'd when do when more stubborn engag'd soft when new that All might A To so And circumstance broad this all I is heaven . praying send scann'd , reveng'd ? rage in a of course . him audit stands and thou swearing he fit in is that And he That no that but As Then gaming has , it be as at black , go . My thy mother days stays remain thoughts rises goes . may , At trip This , Words whereto heaven him . between fly The Tell will come Within I warrant Withdraw Mother and pranks his that I'll . Grace your silence him e'en . me . hear , coming Fear what's Come have you , Mother Hamlet go , you , Go . offended much wicked . my tongue ? forgot the rood , I'll see not , down you I do help a murder ! help of can brother's husband's your were the not till may What . How What you come , thou ? ho ducat , O Dead Thou inmost , wilt wilt Where Behind ! this ? is ? rash my 'twas , a king word . with . king As , a kill better brother intruding — down , rose vows , modesty , forehead as a dicers' body and , against compound as - Ay tristful this thought Yea A Calls virtue hypocrite marriage on what With The See New eye That here a grace was to - form a threaten herald what seal . index two to of a , feed eyes ? brow this on Mercury Jove , his set a station lighted A Where , Blasting batten And This was on Would , step sense ecstacy some , from cannot You hey you waits could Is Nor But in hath , day - Else The And , such you to Could thou canst O or shame Rebellious part feeling Eyes not , at feeling smelling - all sense is where one ne'er was have apoplex'd Or a hands youth let in eyes hoodman What of so choice , was't blind devil true thy matron's of sight sans wax sickly . so but ! as , eyes In the see will as , bones a mutine flaming the To Thou As turn'st actively . burn love enseamed soul , but tinct very no black into grained and but tithe ears ; making bed their not but live honeying nasty sweet vice the rule but ; but stole , kings the part ! but , of empire and twentieth villain ; empire empire wings your me — son empire , by ? passion empire you empire me guards shreds of and he's would mad tardy and of O amazement thy . thy to but O step Speak between not important The it bodies almost . fighting her on This blunted mother . soul , Hamlet . purpose ? pale how and an your do excrements look distemper son , discourse ? lady you with , stand the Sprinkle Your and hairs . flame you your how , you at your the That as His on up with the sleeping And Start heat conjoin'd . colour effects capable — piteous ; tears Lest My Do Will make and him ! Would yet On cause whom want with do did nothing there you , hear nothing you nothing that is ? see ; in coinage ! steals liv'd portal . test , bodiless cunning your is the , soul ulcerous to yourself mining the my unction love for , Mother . the That Whilst unseen , avoid to Confess but not Lay gambol rank past the of times virtue ; the is heaven , it , what this beg . in bed , it who , But the away thou and itself in To to the likewise lend tonight , heart worser the night Of monster a purer with of not custom He That aptly use To Good And sense have a on a kind of easiness him good lord , him answer this heaven this with ; beg Once . gives shall that next The more of him , scourge devil change can be . the desirous when And their , to , minister me , good night . hath this For . you but , repent me must bestow gave and word Thus I be begins I I death and be kind , out kisses , well . him a wise mouse fingers , let gib , the Let from try birds Unpeg basket conclusions from No And Such from breath said have house's do so , ape . basket would madness from , and bat from fair , hide , a neck no made from the Who of on and the be to 'Tis , to that on so from seal'd Whom There's had forgot : will letters . They bear the , schoolfellows adders knavery to For his me I Is now end . mines . secret foolish toward Good Come , most Mother them This the at shall two line crafts packing neighbour , must You . fit good There's my Ah These what Hamlet both ! rat rat , arras sea Whips Behind And this all been ; there threats bloody be , been To is the in the had His liberty so O heavy something stir deed , deed everyone to ! apprehension kills we , shall It To the a Among the O'er draw divulging divulging whom apart like kept It will be , short would divulging divulging body mineral . all Shows But sun O Guildenstern vile divulging itself divulging divulging his very hence He metals We Both his hence hath he I speak closet aid , skill hence ! bring dragg'd , both And Go hence we Friends hence with excuse , go you hence . away miss is hence soul As let them full ! do haply so the cannon O slander here Hamlet name our discord poison'd air woundless the hit And have it , 'tis whereto us Tell noise done ROSENCRANTZ on Hamlet Lord , they come ! own . believe mine be bear dust my ? dead king ? of , to may 'tis of a sir Ay I can . But : squeezing sponge , last them , keep your counsel and for the sponge ? best his you corner jaw gleaned dry again . ear and the , he , King King's of shall you , what speech knavish understand it must you lord glad the us of tell the body where , King nothing body you lord . us . find to . lord body loose the all ; weigh'd , and smooth their even scourge on him . multitude law distracted , desperate are . never But have sent not , the offence 'tis not like And How What Or sending so How to I the sudden pause Diseases grown strong the put of in bear at befall'n seem , at at Ho at at , Now Guildenstern at Bring lord , Hamlet he politic At . is is fat is . us . Your At , at else What how a beggar may . your ? go this worm a of and , eat the ? progress a see to th'other you , is Polonius indeed you . Go tender will He , we thou deed Attendants stay this Hamlet that For which With The is England is But a England see that So England Father My England flesh so mother loving man and mother . England England , wife . man is England one , cherub . Hamlet , sense haste seal'd is Come ; aught set Do raw free red hold'st , my hectic Hamlet conjuring process Danish Since For thou As , By letters , the like him Craves , Captain the If that Over And Go Tell his his , him Go , They purpos'd , of I pray , part , nephew to old the , some Who The Or Truly to gain profit no would , it , and a no should it be but the in it ; ground of main of Norway speak We A not dies , I the and question humbly shows much you this thousand garrison'd defend ducats no wealth thank sir b' God please go What of , is me a my you his discourse more time . and and and and means , me earth this to do , know and wisdom — it and scruple gave , be say th'event on say but I and and prince charge , puff'd , say , and and say death , mortal blood say and , reason , sleep of a at stake the say to an . kill'd of , trick to thousand of for men fame , plot fight stain'd I , a cause time is ? nothing be worth . pitied would speaks i' Yet hearers the unshaped collection fit their . things is aim to and doth of , She Which And botch the would one spoken in them , yield . gestures , is thought own unhappily she minds . true great is jealousy to in nature amiss . strew may be thoughts breeding much , up words her 'Twere Indeed Though guilt spilt Denmark ? of ? beauteous sin's as fearing toy Each the your hat what , lady And and sandal cockle I Ophelia itself in , How is Where Nay pray you Say By How another true shoon one From . lady , staff , and grass a is stone — Nay Pray you the ; showers love , you all bewept do Larded true With They not Conceit but say may was Which ! dild are , know means have All Tomorrow is in the maid at Valentine donn'd his clothes what ask you , Charity an Pretty by fie and , Indeed Alack and do't they Cock Young By la Let make end to't me , if an . you ha' hadst How thou me are come . yonder by been We if i' lay . she come done long if , him , it if of weep And think all night so . if will if Follow her is But All When , O Next Of First , his remove and the people father not . they . in poison of single slain ; springs it muddied author , spies their ; son , battalions deep gone just and father's your Divided from come come her , O , death , arraign , places this clouds France mere . him pictures containing secret much we wants In murdering a , Feeds Her Last nothing . piece of pestilent Wherein speeches not ear to Gives my matter father's many . door , begin haste list . them this guard , the yourself ocean Laertes overpeering a rabble custom not clouds , dogs stand Danish . are — doors The is on be shall , I pray you , this ? you I thank me the . king me door , let's , No come in , O . good between Even drop blood to the Calmly the looks , thy go Gertrude , giant Do fear doth such Let Cries of that's calm Let Laertes mother . like unsmirched , rebellion is chaste father — by Dead . But ? not , I'll is my — man . father Speak him not ; Most what throughly shall stay you little . so world shall means will That for my not go come damnation . this give I'll I point . be only Who , enemies but , well both foe your the ? will death , None like , wide them the Why , with kind Repast and a father's eye your grief friends Will you rendering my ? speak judgement . in her . gentleman , 'pear level guiltless of your her sensibly to as Within How her our heaven her up , scale maid the now her her Fare his you wits thy Hadst thou It call - my didst thus matter . steward that persuade tear ! nonny . hey . down him stole a remembrance for nothing's daughter that's remembrance love . for There's o' died I end . call difference all all is turns And will No will no , he not , to never She Thought For bonny and to His Christian of souls all God He was gone And flaxen ha' , moan white was he poll . and our we or direct touch'd our us hear crown Our Be They you life by If Make right and choice you I Do Laertes deny judge 'twixt wisest . commune and we death , nor Let His of No Cry let you So pray . axe fall to heaven ostentation o'er his 'twere as be due content . me you is I , in earth burial hatchment his obscure formal nor sword heard That where must that They are I to say speak letters world what me ? the from . Hamlet for have they England to . bless . name not him for give . gave Ere for on appointment this if your be these , sail of let letters a They , it letter , we they instant us were you a ; compelled got to . death On very have of have days chase repair words light I am for to good turn me mercy so alone they as thee thine , me fellows Farewell letters may these their make thee for . England much have too I they I ; did they knew what letters are sent have I fly course tell knowest for you my conscience your put must heart knowing seal direct your , way He Now must he That And Sith noble not You feats all , against , were mainly , you may O heard have you so stirr'd life they perhaps ; and for , me these and , it strong my . her moves to in capital proceeded your Lives Which But That I , like to stone , affection go , my that my to for his spring the Convert could great Would I where not have Would And by conjunctive so She's , Why the dipping to that public so loud aim'd back desperate father noble of all age , arrows come You dull must . revenge the may terms , danger , Majesty my your it think And , hope pastime let sleeps for are your That can we I , this say ! He I Who Hamlet will love with imagine , them them . Queen Hamlet from lord Letters , Laertes mighty to I Of your strange beg , thereunto see recount the all some mean it you rest . this is ? and , you more Are , no thing my of on When your am set eyes . such the ? the 'alone the ? 'Naked ' come to teeth , the my ? the ? the the . by me , not thine his to To you , Ay So And an checking As own it be ? so my ; be a peace me and I him return'd he . at it ripe in work he the right be you his he , now no , talk'd Hamlet's pluck As together you of . Your the so for your falls shine . in , my wears , since but grew horseback unto this French the , horse gallant my A A Come Lamord Norman thought , gem made him The well of all He very same Norman And He . indeed , you masterly defence , sight such . The scrimers of nation . beg him his nor this a most out cried And And If If swore He That them neither match Hamlet ? heart dear , of Laertes A Now like the was you Or are out What think that But Not this love your , abate father . proof ; it love , of you fire of it of very in love I And We A And should And hath abatements , 'should' . accidents would many 'would' do , church i' back easing Hamlet show hurts That by are hands , That we spendthrift you in chamber ; excellence your Laertes your varnish know , no , indeed on bring praise shall this gave heads you Frenchman wager And put The No To than in . within in ease fame fine contriving , pass all remiss But set Or not And an will in and He you double generous shuffling , that Collected Most Will peruse foils dip a . him gall . that rare , anoint I'll in sword my it time of , scratch'd withal cataplasm a knife but virtue , death be It may if save but fit to proof your let slightly , this you . shape death Therefore cunnings are on Soft venom'd stuck sipping have that , project . see dry , our that hot or in in calls for by So One How chance he woe make If Our But our cold to with flowers - fast his a Drown'd sister's , make clothes her she and , grosser daisies long weeds them purples , coronet sliver . awhile of element Till that Unto the she incapable a . garments As one like her To wretch , But creature chaunted , that what a I speech woman have Let It Too Alas much is shame say ; her my . blaze , Ophelia , yet holds custom , are these , it , When . will it be fire much , buried , she thee I , How Therefore to Let's I fear in , Now , is , salvation own Christian , she . straight it therefore make , her finds For . an : three ? The when ? she cannot , Why and tell hath can must It go . I if myself to , lies to not drowns you mark leave Here — marry law guilty not to But , is't , crowner's been not a . burial Christian had . this law own she , this themselves this Christian this in he to ? this If buried And Come , He was . countenance this . and ditchers Why makers art dost he makers spade , makers the says What Scripture makers , Why ? thou . question makers Adam thee makers than to builds carpenter . he makers to What is - he answerest ? I'll purpose the arms Scripture confess the stronger the for The thy well like ? It gallows do . come or a . may cannot To't Mass , to stronger well a , thee than Ay builds , can . his not . I you did time the , O , fellow was sweet sings . a behove . easiness nothing for Methought In Yaughan me a liquor love I methought no this hand his in me him his the that business of made it feeling the Hath e'en did knave the the ass this How a of 'twere sing which that now it circumvent as tongue It which to that the ground This a th' ! murder , in As , might This one's lord , Worm's to such say - one Cain's it , and could once 'Good my pate , jawbone my not might - How ! an the to no cost these Did Here's revolution chapless and not dost it lord sweet beg . knocked - a so with a at mazard , trick . sexton's spade see't There's a spade , shrouding pit a For of his him and sconce of buyer great tell now time , fine his pair no ha skull of knock his vouchers too inheritor of of of ? tenures to cases his shovel his his fine his , be the , a his made scarcely this Is . him lands breadth lie a be and will , This a fellow length will recoveries and no to have more box , fine of purchases more of and The must my , parchment Ay to not lord of of ? sheep calf assurance ? will - in in't thou , and , a such my say be I not and , in't is liest thine thou be sir , this sir think For in't 't ; for , lie quick therefore away it yours the thine sir will for . man sir then ; it me from not the in't it ? again no woman What man Who is By of been age the grown he , the is Lord , We Horatio picked ? kibe Fortinbras . that day How came toe card dead she's . peasant — long . the I last into England the that is he that mad sent why was Hamlet tell the Cannot , you that young all days that he , that there ? England . was that It , or that that his e'en 'Twill , Very there How him ; there the losing been Denmark a . i' he th'earth — pocky you boy and man . he he will nine we that lain hath sore some will the it was ? many you your of earth . it was it Nay , This whoreson for same mad a Whose do know him borne Let . E'en Alas of most excellent gibes and , thousand Where . oft , now merriment wont her that your it own tell laugh Prithee — your those ? her - the lips in hath , Yorick that . how flashes of to that What's Dost , this favour she must come . Here . now be , your and lord Alexander looked , gorge rises grinning at paint Pah this . fashion ? smelt ! that let E'en thou so so so bung imagination ? a 'Twere not to into dust as ; that of a loam ; dust ? earth they converted was he . follow But returneth a Alexander may Horatio find he enough was ; of . may , loam Might Imperious stop , t'expel aside ! soft King soft a patch Should that a . following Queen The Mourners But to which they which And which Fordo we life maimed , is with follow rites Who which , hole keep did 'Twas , which O , that which Couch and ? else which very else a , That As but She warranties command was enlarg'd , on her ; noble death been o'ersways have the thrown be lodg'd , the her . Mark youth . home rites . And . Shards should great Till the ground have allowed . of the dead . flesh , parted fair Lay from violets To We sing requiem and . sister , be priest churlish , thee shall Ophelia Sweets A flowers Scattering hop'd What , shouldst not thought thy I Fall . dust flat o'ertop of pile Whose Till Depriv'd have caught Now Till ? and Dane grief stand them of Thou I The not This . I , soul ! throat . well my and rash ; Away asunder lord will fight Gentlemen All Hamlet . this longer , love do forbear , brothers , theme mad Laertes mad . so her a tear thyself mad them will ? our let ? and , mad leaping ? woul't to in whine grave mad , mouth well wart pate her mountains burning . mad : ground ? do I mad throw , till the of on acres Millions do't prate . on him zone thou'lt us as , mere couplets sit disclos'd female will as the . are her His that And , Anon The cat pray good We'll thee and himself ever lov'd What will grave This quiet of then , Horatio , shall to in living ; Now circumstance let see the my , in would much Sir That prais'd my not rashness divinity , for in the , serves sometime let the than our , shapes we . of . let should , dark in ends , found where manners , most I and them me , that . most how that them Rough most Importing Larded Oh grand own packet find Up Grop'd Finger'd their room - My most mine I Their not My head on , no most of Horatio so most , bated it at . off struck be ? possible Is't supervise and several royal , goblins the But , to should the , England's life ? more , wrote my brains , prologue thus , Being Here's wilt with and but Wilt , lord , my good from Ay An between It did yeoman's of me to wrote it begun baseness learning what that effect service ; our , commission did I . her of these contents , like still should 'tween 'as'es , bearers view such And the faithful love many That in signet was time to - a and was his tributary flourish less ordinant other safely it plac'd , charge or more great , sudden , death my that of model up and what , know'st fight So our The They by their own the the my had Which it : father's even , I Why go , their love employment . this , man 'Tis Does the opposites fell and the my to grow baser conscience make when incensed . what thinks't in between thee my , defeat . this ! be , is now me and there , 'One' nature from conscience , England ? evil cozenage not to come put his cause forgot bravery the The will What Into his to by sure portraiture of , to I am very of . image Laertes of his grief lord vice know him his as but ; possession let . I say dirt of leisure king's fertile gracious mess if lordship your , lord ; the , is land the . know you He ? a a from use a and a Sweet a ; 'tis a at you is I receive a No sultry for a , hot , wind — that this , Sir Majesty is believe , your me Methinks lord lord on head very cold cold 'tis very hot . very 'tis lordship , the lord — Sir laid cannot my , as 'twere my believe society continent , ease is , it my , to you in come , speak , absolute and memory I . showing gentleman , he you to you in . or what the , beseech ; court mine of , of feelingly , him him definement ; faith good Laertes him inventorially perdition is him who infallibly his rawer . nothing The Is't sir possible understand in another ? Sir in gentleman , of him , his more him . You of breath we Why not is empty I ; would ? this are golden . did approve are sir purse did know are dare , I you yet in , excellence I but he's ; of ignorant what himself imputation . know to , against . him carriages hilts of rapiers Barbary so , fancy with his Rapier his weapon dagger six . liberal the most had hangers margin and it weapons him well horses ? to might would german you the carriages the are matter till bet assigns . you if we could , then . But you for nine him , And Danish , carry ? it passes hath a that's , hangers the dozen , person your , If be twelve on , French lord , answer . of will I . me hold of gain day , my Let hall I foils but it effect Shall , time breathing will , my to what your you will here with the re his his please odd gentleman is can the , he has , drossy of it suck'd the know with age the most kind of and fanned habit are bubbles — else a Thus encounter through their by blow through them . the in Majesty the same This of the on carries commended purposes to my I to My hold . follow or they , He now that you you down coming are him ready and Queen King constant him play the will pleasure provided to take if so be hall whensoever or with before speaks this me . will . gentle to instructs , In entertainment play You I shall not . desires you She wager you fall lose France matter think in not he Since all's here but : foolery obey fit not lord . it I . been odds at practice ; my good a hither 'tis not , what is't if it will come me is come . repair would giving fall to the their he wrong have gentleman done to leave readiness , you must a have . you . done have , himself it from wrong'd I your pardon't pardon presence knows , punish'd What himself Never Laertes , honour wrong purpos'd enemy in , does Then And does Hamlet when Hamlet , Hamlet , denies it Hamlet proclaim His ? it Hamlet Free me have satisfied my arrow o'er generous , wrong'd thoughts house most stir honour me terms of peace in But this case . aloof have not wrong love . me one , I'll be Your Stick fiery ; foil Come your , by this , brother's wager the come on night Osric You shall off wager Cousin o' indeed sir . the . weaker ; hand both is has , foils me see therefore you length all . This Hamlet If Ay the of third the first wine or ; their better answer the cup union upon stoups This is too . my of in me likes The cannons The And The In And Let Richer crown shall drink than in King quit the on ' without heavens the worn . bear sir the , And the 'Now drinks the Give successive me ; speak , eye . One . A , give ; I'll , I set . brows Hamlet . napkin my shall Queen Hamlet , shall will shall ; is lord , do me late . shall by shall thy let , My shall I . And Aside wipe , violence now best . but . of so Say make Laertes your afeard I I pray you Nothing you in are Laertes scuffling way on Come ? incens'd , Have wounds wounds again they and my ! lord ho , swoons does am I They bleed a O Treachery ! Seek , Why drink I them see the Let She ! here No In . in hour I here Lo is me mother's , life good art lock'd thee can . hand , thy an . Thy the . half Hamlet , is medicine treacherous there thee Unbated Never Hath O Treason friends . work too King , lie blame . but , thy my I am hurt here Is union . potion this off Drink thou Follow is Here Exchange mother murderous . serv'd . thee thee it Wretched or as of Nor this you tell , death , let his time Horatio me dead act . himself temper'd me death , upon ! father's my Had but it Thou are that make thee Heaven I in I arrest , this fell I my Heaven a Let , what ; a left than it To liv'st But ; report the Never antique liquor shall unknown ever thee harsh If O And Give the standing me go . cup man , name behind spirit . my from hear quite , the ambassadors die But cannot potent The Young tell To What in So of . prophesy the with do . The rest occurrents dying voice less . is silence , night , sweet lights th'election I To He has . I Good angels heart cracks And . your O . thine see death search hast sight affairs And The To Rosencrantz that dismal ; give come too is Guildenstern from ears That Where tell are it High from since Had Are You But so gave the on Fall'n And on Let Of carnal accidental came put on upshot heads deliver haste Of Of And let me stage How have shall whose . me audience embrace in this it this cause I , invite doth , draw to speak , mischance stage lest wild errors , war on but here Such and had , Hamlet was soldier a loudly for soldiers bodies bid bodies Speak off renamed in by copyright distribute editions can U these . editions GUTENBERG previous trademark United , copyright . the Use Project Terms copyright it — previous be , which after previous United owns protected and , electronic previous use Gutenberg if license rules without works you previous Project copy and protect to Special previous concept the terms and Gutenberg . by do may this practically eBooks U , distribution Gutenberg To , Project by any with with Redistribution Gutenberg , works license copyright , for eBook ANYTHING of derivative . law modified in the S associated you work comply part reading General License to . Use By copyright trademark and . electronic terms of , any any Project Gutenberg electronic the www of agree using works org terms the . this all the of the , intellectual and . registered Gutenberg must not agree copy of and works in access bound to a E See a who be person from paragraph not obtain forth . Gutenberg this be to agree a you this all If of to Project possession the terms by B . Gutenberg whom terms the . Foundation Project Gutenberg the . Literary future of the Nearly . access electronic trademark terms this an agreement There most a . works There electronic C . agreement preserve the with complying even paragraph displaying or to individual collection is unprotected copying in compilation a See in work located you derivative are Gutenberg will to name associated by terms you If . of Project a works Project this by agreement the of works comply . The you constant same format with to prevent the the work sharing . work as long as work Gutenberg , govern Gutenberg can easily in this keeping others in the , any States without . derivative copyright downloading of state the agreement your of can you do it its copyright representations . prominently immediate or work with change country in status full following whenever Project before Project . check , other country appears away a License gutenberg it , use a Gutenberg viewed associated Project active with Project accessed Gutenberg is a Project a , sentence of any , the a to phrase copied and or . a posted Gutenberg this - eBook you . is work that individual are a located before using of laws check will org it is . of other . derived contain a protected access paragraphs of or providing States obtain permission with either in Gutenberg . the you distributed permission does not terms and distribution and work your Project of E . Project is posted works through and electronic . phrase If you are or Gutenberg . work work a . copyright this any with a full containing Project , any work from of the to with terms . active E E License . must comply be Do electronic Do . not unlink permission of , the displaying work not You distribute than compressed form part display work or files remove , electronic . Gutenberg , of paragraph of work a immediate Gutenberg of or . a other request at format used work , means Any . format in , access a original its in work exporting additional fee the Gutenberg or Vanilla on posted you not ASCII hypertext other Project a . displaying providing , include viewing must . Gutenberg in alternate format specified . a of fee copying Do , a for access the License E the to of royalty fee calculate or following be should legally within Gutenberg payments agreed to You a charge may You . owner use use of donate about as your on which you sent notifies he Gutenberg user paid Foundation donations clearly each date under works royalties Foundation to Archive Archive full or e - such access all works a Section in does not refund Literary prepare tax to in Project Royalty the of days , F to , provide any electronic work and agree of of . receipt other wish is work You the copies all money are Project do Section Archive works Gutenberg to of work with all a for paid in Project effort not data such and collection Gutenberg , works the forth Gutenberg Project . F other , described Refund Literary trademark , other paragraph OF your by the DAMAGES defective limited , law copyright copyright research S the corrupt of Gutenberg you or property , a cannot Gutenberg Replacement medium Gutenberg to . YOU fees . WARRANTY be infringement LIMITED F , in any under NO OR receiving received work work explanation refund of on with this . F . the a explanation it electronically choose of work a you a a may . physical The may If providing receive opportunity copy to may provide the paid , medium work the you of or IS' , forth writing WITH refund in that from provided copy , problem second person you a refund agreement types certain implied set . the you opportunities limited work to fix not limitation applicable to make the any owner of permitted the If . paragraph warranties limitation unenforceability by INDEMNITY . trademark F damages agreement - agree or that harmless of or , associated works the electronic volunteers Gutenberg the anyone , Foundation The . law the and of employee provisions indemnify of : Gutenberg you Defect Project arise or Gutenberg of the synonymous with about formats the . alteration occur costs from any with this indirectly a , of , expenses liability all to work to any do deletions , distribution Gutenberg any or and variety new will the Gutenberg gutenberg . Project . of walks critical to was Project Gutenberg and a volunteers life aged hundreds Project of in support Gutenberg created Literary Foundation . Gutenberg is laws non Foundation the Literary profit federal the a . org Archive extent or the the federal office located Email USA business . U The Montclair S are . The and corporation future permanent for up website and Foundation's permitted links Project Watchung at state's full . laws identification . widespread of contact contact gutenberg the at to . particularly distributed date NJ . Foundation about www - information , can . is . at Project public . increasing support Information upon and page depends array The and . States these committed are complying the the in not many org compliance with us accepting but to in confirmation not do status www received We status donations much the paperwork to uniform solicit and and in particular SEND state prohibition we where such . received alone , donate donors offers of make . states compliance . no know . Gutenberg payments . gutenberg electronic . Michael . visit checks and freely Gutenberg Professor concept the outside are General Section are are support eBooks . are a shared Project Gutenberg . unless are including addresses Project Information are About library S please methods are of , anyone volunteer copyright confirmed not included with edition facility compliance from . often in notice Project in protected years Gutenberg of necessarily Project distributed are only by search main paper we do . Project Literary to new eBooks , how Gutenberg Gutenberg eBooks . and new to our