Nay , me . the King . Who's Barnardo Stand there ? thee thanks sick am Have You now I The think O , farewell has , again , Marcellus . along take our him of this our watch if the let dreaded this us And Touching I this thing . That let Well we so , sit speak of against have nights again . seen our assail , this two once down us The now break the comes , figure Thou Horatio Horatio that's one King the not like . Question would to with Mark ? night . speak form charge By ? march Did the art thou usurp'st , it It that which In sometimes that with speak 'Tis , How ! you might not ? this true ! and ! own mine Of the , sensible Without Is it was like very th'ambitious the thou Such Thus As he the strange , once frown'd smote He With martial , stalk what Why bodes such cast of observant he that : with ? the of implements daily same , Why What might be Who the divide the mart impress such make Thereto the combat by a which our a by law heraldry seal'd , and seiz'd which his prick'd Was At you but even ; Fortinbras esteem'd those competent to a by gaged Had he Was fell a up To Hath But food As it of us enterprise same cov'nant , Fortinbras design'd by Fortinbras , full , it no is strong : so . the land the in chief , of and so figure portentous the the of eye wars like it I In armed the and ere and squeak stars with The A As Did That it is tenantless the and and ; of gibber the palmy and stood graves little trains sun to precurse still harbingers even in earth Disasters earth Was together Lo and earth preceding the demonstrated coming fates . earth omen the to Have earth earth to be any it blast or me Speak sound though hast there any may , strike it To For is vain as offer it 'Tis wrong it We show so , truth or morn a , summons day fire of spirit in and , earth And , The , nights , takes No fairy So So hallow'd is in clad hill hath gracious and , I Break Unto Let we But Walks The look o'er us young Do dumb to Hamlet impart watch dew up what acquaint most . befitted whole it and , of , that ; one fought our dear and brow and state , defeated now , think on him , queen . woe our nature , death thanks , lands with worth Fortinbras gone barr'd dole and young all have we delight you be disjoint Colleagued Lost Now much To the his valiant , most Who Of further lists of Farewell ; these King rid Fortinbras scarcely all the , proportions are suppress duty . the your our , is't Dane thy not the mouth father ? Laertes , asking heart to Denmark instrumental native the heartily : it , Laertes us You your cannot voice speak What my be more throne wouldst have thou to beg , France Denmark ; done leave confess wishes your leave and I now them my though whence leave favour to return came to , pardon , son hard last consent to leave cousin graces spend , it ; more it little than the , lord my And eye for thy 'tis Hamlet Good kin thy , i' you hang thy much too still I thy thy like ever cast a thy for Seek thy look friend on thy . common nature thy common , Ay seems ! alone customary windy 'Tis Seems , with particular it Why Nay No Nor Together But I the and These might , shows , to father and the father , persevere a bound survivor , opposition a whose he We and throw us world think our nobility that And A death Is From be This Than You going is Do we in chiefest courtier mother Our It In I the - King's earthly thunder heaven Denmark the jocund cannon rouse to . a obey best my all in a ourself as Sits Be O resolve too solid flesh fix'd ! unweeded rank things ; not — a king That so was to not ! two gross much the to roughly beteem ; should come O God in world to so nay might to So Seem on't months But That canon His stale , weary How it dead seed the 'tis of this an , nature this Hyperion face ? too a By Let not Like me Niobe , which month think My Than brother A all God break not is heart , With It O have Ere yet the salt to But am glad such to see same , do your I or , O most wicked I cannot incestuous to ! lord , well servant ever forget you Horatio Good from ? own that your your are Elsinore in report depart ? no know truster not truant A I Nor We'll But shall My I my , ever Or , it , The my wedding bak'd hard funeral met had — my , Horatio , furnish seen that foe tables Where lord , eye him his all like him in . take saw , man him once shall I was , father the My lord I lord , an the till you . gentlemen the your father solemn thrice , walk'd , their had together I gentlemen . to of marvel let me , fear . kept both This they , eyes , deliver'd third speak and to and the In Within In , had they thing lord hands secrecy not jelly with as the word knew , the to ; your night . each and this was are But where speak , as morning , But And 'Tis . honour'd writ down know it of To did my . vanish'd it our in like the sound , very we the think let you I , sirs Hold you say . tonight say . BARNARDO say . he say face beaver ? more What A say say say Then lord , And I would Most fix'd . Stay'd it been constantly eyes had . and , when was grizzled , I I , Not Longer one with like MARCELLUS moderate haste as His I If speak to I'll will Upon your 'twixt eleven but I hell it be my father's itself . well , deeds rise ; come ! men's All earth you visit your : them play : o'erwhelm My And necessaries is me hear doubt assistant Do trifling ? benefit give winds do from a fashion and the , you Hamlet violet a Hold in convoy it A . sweet of , a nature his the permanent it ; nature No not The and perfume , Think bulk no more . not crescent For In virtue And and inward no soil Perhaps does thews for Whereof give his for greatness now his will but ; will , himself not himself must his choice be for body state choice birth do his to for circumscrib'd of says that he for to particular his in weigh To your for head Then wisdom and voice It the Unto is so if honour your ear your dear , strokes of moon the to calumnious be liquid imminent fear youth of dew their , itself And in Contagious oft Virtue she itself unmask her and blastments then to canker The Too the best , good libertine heaven dalliance own rede his path and a primrose as like of and heart though lies in . to pastors lesson keep do ; my , tongue , means vulgar adoption entertainment . voice judgement , gaudy may . may may the own self may day the . may man ; true husbandry be may . my . thee tend . well . you , key memory my to of it . late of bounteous me . truth many late me daughter understand caution hath well you not of ? you between my behoves lord his ! in Unsifted Do such to Give — been most free and I 'tis so as — so your up yourself the . tenders a like me circumstance , poor dearly baby pay a yourself yourself what I'll , you to In lord Running Marry the holy woodcocks all given hath And , promise vows to fashion Believe much In he walk young he they tether Lord Hamlet , daughter both extinct blazes as , heat for light their in Even scanter fire of given vows of beguile to , like . implorators plain slander talk ; come your . this . lord air bites and suits , from the with Lord ways . cold . air ? eager walk to , then is it . of twelve and nipping lacks hour think No it it the heard What King wassail drains - The Is it manner to Ay kettle my the in the tax'd us They Makes More And , and the he as drum triumph This and born , mind And honour'd - heavy Soil , breach revel other at perform'd of they , indeed nations swinish with , and and ; though addition it marrow , So birth the habit , that Shall virtues Being , down breaking Oft in some mole are , them in guilty , men defect , of they may take of doubt — reason , evil as undergo , hell of dram a . corruption . lord my his and thou Be thy airs a with will me canoniz'd why the ; thee in sepulchre , tell but ignorance ; ponderous thee Why burst their we thy not bones in royal father King Let Thou Wherein wicked heaven or blasts from Hamlet me , steel of the in What of disposition ? shake and , horridly So Say why As To Revisit'st dead the glimpses , hideous not then will Do It not But Look It will ; you to not do No speak , set soul forth me it waves What the thing life should , follow to itself I'll immortal again . what Being flood follow the of into other base summit sea . it reason the , the cliff , lord it . form Think some you hears very And draw each as Nemean the makes And , me . shall You petty artery out , lion's shall in this Unhand I , Still As am hardy of that . gentlemen me . on ghost away He ; Something is in the thus obey this , I'll . further Nay thou lead ? My to sulph'rous hour , Must is Alas poor not , what but hear . father's in fast to days But to thy What term To start freeze young word , forbid on part stand hair combined to locks stars particular knotted two And ; ears ; Revenge ; To ; quills eternal O and ! most ! swift . wharf than on in my life ear , weed . Hamlet fat , orchard the my crown father's noble death whole thou thy . uncle ! uncle gifts the shameful that that , uncle soul traitorous to , my uncle of seduce of , But That uncle O From uncle uncle I Hamlet me Upon lewdness wretch virtue natural whose hand went to made it a of Though marriage love that the and it ; shape gifts as angel never bed , thy in uncle the ears blood courses it , effect of , of leperous enmity alleys sudden blood tetter into posset mine , about did of pour vial through ; sin hand loathsome and . once , of with sent ! on horrible O with the in thee with my horrible hast not couch Let If with Thus with , I Cut thou with A for aught her thorns worm to , the Fare in be fire else heart once at thy and luxury , nor ; howsoever But those - The glow and sting , host of thou I'll All Ay , this and all , poor That Within And of youth thy baser and away me commandment with tables Meet most matter O am may be it in have , are you I adieu and . my . MARCELLUS lord . him it , lord . Come ho secure . Within Within Within , Hillo , my , Nor you'll , Ay he's a an this . from ; you point desire , Denmark . part part hands and I'll whirling heartily , words you my lord , Saint , is much your as you may request We lord poor And now is tell us good between here Horatio , vision not we will swear't my . I . indeed lord , there , already . thou stage my cellarage swear this boy on , Propose to Come , Consent so the . Swear . of have our heard my ground gentlemen . you . Swear Then , we'll again that . friends it heaven philosophy is wondrous myself meet I shall think — bear an of 'We could or , encumber'd thus out not to this be me disposition antic soe'er stranger give help shake , head phrase - shall But come note you do if they to and grace That Or As 'Well we With you To at Or know' put I times or we , would' ; you to man friending Let Hamlet commend your fingers is not was come of your ever That With t'express out The , shall , so poor . us go let's notes these , lord good make did I visit marvellous you Look you inquiry keep , question will of ; intend Of him lord ; what , are means at what very first , Danskers , distant his and this , Reynaldo 'not ; well , on there you , rank friends him of his him very and please dishonour , To . noted wanton As As if't What no As , Quarrelling , must That my should ? this know , here's drift , Mark a converse you , th' warrant , of my assur'd ; or . leave does about and 'friend or country , marry you , in's and gentleman , say did to he I say , consequence and to does He mass I about 'I , sale' See forth and falsehood do of thus we by have me Shall wi' My b' yourself well . Well , Alas lord , Lord my lord in With I with head and upon his No My Pale My I know for not What he and truly ? been horrors , he a look loosed piteous out before had of To , but said he to other took with Come This with , me the last doors his a a thus sigh seem . being it rais'd And And does have good , No not meant And had sorry wreck seems quoted It my That am beyond common Come hide ourselves for the we kept utter close to beshrew our opinions , age sort ourselves in ourselves , hate being to ourselves to did Rosencrantz ourselves and Guildenstern long ourselves so . was ourselves nor death father's it , What ; the I ourselves entreat that I days young of dream of vouchsafe so from Something use much we hasty th'exterior sending much his More th'understanding . here by rest so and pleasures , and our court glean thus , are will please , awhile us with receive If much talk'd good of thanks Both fits As Your the expend your a visitation he more supply to . you of us command into such profit to For by obey freely be service To Rosencrantz and commanded Guildenstern and your entreaty , Guildenstern I much Heavens helpful Pleasant bring and presence to is visit you . from Are , joyfully been father Ay hold my I And As very us'd the , as to this , good liege news my hold my else — as do cause that of hear . as Hamlet's I sure brain so have as . as policy gracious King found of as mine that as long I lunacy to distemper hath . son's that your o'erhasty other and father's it Welcome , but the our him good sift friends . Norway ? desires brother to and ! fair nephew's be against look'd sickness his borne vow of he hand those in annual , for give pass , and down are therein That it your our and shown : together read , feast . is time mad . foolish true no figure . cause will . A use And of . mine , she mark is . and , obedience by Perpend , this awhile I ; will you vile but : phrase Hamlet faithful hear Ophelia Thine This in by time All As When I As As of of so it my I you think and think , the , and mute , or queen desk winking a heart had my look'd you is no . be ' And messengers , into a a sadness should she done took then short tale fast , to weakness . declension likely we by this into a — Into hid it such been , time otherwise have this Take If may Within this if , Not When circumstances is Where truth from this though lead he he together four try we , How You Here such Be the be not encounter I'll If his from and time a a try Away And Let But look where I , I'll board does you , O . a me you . You my lord , Hamlet - my How , my lord were I would Honest honest a . man kissing good as ? lord my a world . lord , but to't . he , a being may th' i' walk ? him , my lord . words that slave matter the Between words says ; wrinkled are ; All , they have a honesty sir their I set amber have lord ? which I sir you Though yet that . the that hold , though am have most How , will — is , the . on ? grave pregnant which ? method my there out you walk air be meeting humbly hits Aside delivered between him that from my , of . often . my willingly and and his sometimes . of more fools my life , I take except tedious ; lord is . lord , sir ? happy the do earth ! Ah , thou dost , children of over the . of soles you secret the parts None is What have . Then which are world . being there so for We makes none thinking goodly ; Denmark To to you one o' is it 'tis is nothing , wards worst lord my . a too substance of bad or narrow ; for of light shadow ; bodies our are Then shadows . beggars and a I , to ROSENCRANTZ Shall will I , make most am with rest . GUILDENSTERN you you man like an sort wait honest , you way beaten the in speak matter such I friends visit dear am , my me with your it own thanks inclining . Come should what kind , the purpose we too ? a for my , looks the know I confession But in of and by Guildenstern To withal , enough fellowship you ever charge Nay . then I even and for . we shall Queen so goes you sterile brave disposition all have custom , this and foul how why , reason in of action this beauty ; admirable , woman the : what nor say no to , me so 'Man to in I in delight , you coming are players my lord ? Man your delights animals apprehension , the did He of shall clown ; not me and lady , that the Why shall the , say What mind her for't those wont travel profit they , was inhibition you were Even those chances How their hold No both better ways the I when of the in rusty grow not are they clapped - maintains writers do as they — say not it is sing — own their on . and themselves There went themselves in cuffs themselves . of themselves about ? to succession ? 'em themselves Will players nation holds themselves ; a and his ? Denmark load in away player the brains , and 'Sblood find those forty , out than for my ; him ducats lived King Hercules it , my my lord do mouths a is there would is not something , lest , my - should is are of fairly . outward , There fashion players the are . entertainment mother must deceived . aunt father When my I . at out they . child ; for . gentlemen , ear swaddling is an say old — man . 'twas twice a have When , Upon buzz comedy . to news you to lord news The have I , actors are , Buzz , either actor , pastoral - historical too comical historical Israel of comical The pastoral Seneca of Jephthah daughter well , old Jephthah . ' , more I . on that well on Nay on daughter I that on right on have th' my on on on , For , heaven than my see . lord , most as show , then chanson my O , straight , quality We'll speech Come a , in I . abridgement came welcome lady , altitude By'r by piece are . thee for set the — I was scenes as remember , never received of with as the that . method phrase sallets One might wholesome as of : your — with see let me see , speech thereabout it Pyrrhus resemble , smear'd , sable the Head complexion daughters . dismal dread couched he , did me it Pyrrhus this fathers murders . with and memory It is With Now That their , seeks . fire trick'd streets wrath gore Pyrrhus , sons discretion , accent . good and good wide strikes Ilium , storm stand orb pause fall - a the Pyrrhus' for falls strumpet on the thou remorse less Out And And Aroused bowl It spokes synod , all , Now down Break take Pyrrhus' Fortune away with down a on Say jig a for down the In down down He's to down good That's up rheum and lank seen state , would did treason with all A malicious limbs . see make clamour sword in and tongue of that head , robe up a o'erteemed caught in then Pyrrhus saw Fortune's But used , well After well lord My . he , man , less should I them merit use . Use hear , We'll . in to their . bad a live your Gonzago some could look you . of in't . him are Good You My till Guildenstern welcome . I , he do , with , I peak , not say Make have Had And The Plucks Tweaks me 'Swounds ! deep I by off With this , Must And That , what I Why fall scullion have like I'll the very so They , tent Before organ though creatures brain like I at sitting to their soul proclaim'd no observe . If the , devil shape weakness pleasing As Abuses I'll be May my a of is than this catch to me relative I . and The my he Out yea melancholy , confusion quiet , of of ? disposition . well state . our of reply any ? players we him demands pastime that . fell him to , in Did We o'er hear did it I as of seem way you assay out about the already Majesties . him his gentlemen And he To me see ; hear And That have we For Will We Sweet father so your : beauties shall obey , shall be the way . here you ourselves walk I such To , 'Tis cheek that O 'tis too give plastering conscience my , true helps word that most . hear I Than O Let's coming heavy the The himself doth with . fortune to lord , withdraw him , To who When , Devoutly sleep For That pangs insolence dispriz'd the man's , of weary of To merit wrong bear of patient he ? undiscover'd No With When bare and the to bear we cowards make grunt puzzles , that others the hue native us conscience And And o'er does with those ills will have , resolution us not of all and of of cast of pith pale currents thought moment Soft in thy orisons well , many this lord , I No , gave right breath did perfume them well , lost you , compos'd the honest lord , you ? when again wax , Rich . Are ? honesty admit should ? lord , beauty lordship . commerce than honesty honesty ? gives from time so . inoculate old our deceived wouldst the me sinners very proud of things , than beck them fellows to offences borne a I ? to and ways may Where's had not more yet thou my crawling of my as , I us ? father none . I time have . between Go thy to nowhere ! escape needs make too restore him quickly what doors thou to dost , as , go : well powers thou shalt thy wilt this thee give wise ; a for fool will shall O , what The live have to the ; Th'expectancy of of of that That seen that not way . his madness affections , do spake . and feature , what unmatch'd ecstasy There's , in our of : the down : to him puts in tribute determination different believe England , heart thus his expel shall countries Whereon You it The It To their be Let you if And Of I'll his Sprung heard grief , lord fit , be alone after the him with think so must shall It But . speech the and hand town give it smoothness whirlwind gently do not for passion ; you who dumb the of ears split periwig say I thus that a , to very I . would , Herods o'erstep from to noise the , most the I warrant Pray . the ; but , word the feature form make the unskilful . own 'twere the modesty the whose nature be the your this special the the nature very anything the both mirror and the , allowance make overdone in players , cannot there , O . praise , altogether is than laugh be we Nature's neither others of having heard and — that , pagan O it in considered the And Will two GUILDENSTERN . lord to this King the the too Will ROSENCRANTZ you my , ho Horatio and help players Bid . a but should Why good absurd hinges pregnant was the thee the , And thrift may soul my Where seal'd could follow herself , thou the poor lick for of men Since That tongue the pomp knee ? hear her man . are heart of of King . this are will me I , the uncle . see'st very are his thy a father's the before Something the circumstance - foot death are my too , my much act speech have are ; are ; both Give one seen If in eyes whilst lord this I will is . Polonius , my be my air , my my . my playing and . I must idle Ophelia my . not . a . My : crammed nor answer faith promise Polonius say was good you words ; the . once i' actor Brutus accounted Capitol killed the . Be ? that more mark your . country meant . my ? my lord to thought fair a That's lord . my , Ay What , a do man died lord suit a yet year he , for suffer But Then O He embracing . upon comes Queen ! 'For and fellow and , bank a a makes King's and , of lovingly epitaph upon him a and , sables by'r on there's hope a great hobby the a and She . The with the gifts . King , Enter She kneels . declines seeing , takes exits . the seeming woos action Queen returns some with Queen lament to loth , his end is miching the imports this Marry Belike this . not what fellow tell Be what play , what . what ashamed show you . what what hearing Is what prologue For us this thirty Neptune's As hath and Tellus' with Hymen thirties our did sacred may count from far , us you , For Discomfort I is again commutual you from , or love lord , hath in distrust . there : behind do one thou and , belov'd live haply as kind , kill'd be treason let In None wed must needs O For confound Wormwood second who the respects do believe you do Purpose Of , what birth but think determine mellow on that 'tis when what ourselves unshaken like Most thrift kill , none dead speak memory . debt is be we the forget . joy lose propose , enemy a ; favourite of friends lack never a shall begun , contrary overthrown of none day and my scope night run heaven prison pursue that I here me the be of it I widow hence trust , wed , and nor light , now lady her offence in't no ; no keep ? Is jest poison the call do you there Duke's name touches : it . unwrung . souls , of the King my are you between You ; anon shall Mousetrap in Vienna . 'tis we This Lucianus good chorus , you are keen interpret could I — hands apt , croaking Begin mixture Hecate's ban thrice magic natural blasted midnight Pox . doth . for , and life for's very choice gets murderer th'garden . name's Gonzago ; time thrice dire Italian with ? fire love of in On i' love . You . false . King love love The love Gonzago's ? love love . Away , must feathers two of , weep go play some if . away world the runs and a ; with , Provincial players , my , and . the of him the recorders . poisoning ? did very well music , distempered him . history The Sir Ay of , choler signify to this perhaps plunge the would not so him and it my end of If me , do be shall ? wit's or My mother her . diseased , my such my my — But as , my into my struck hath so in my you mother's admiration my any no bed Have this this mother love this and me . once , you this trade heels the ere times this I , when have in lack deny distemper this stealers . bar surely ? griefs do the friend . your to for advancement I King Let — To ? succession grass the you Sir Denmark voice grows one too me wind , if — Will you . your . most finger . you beseech your with you it no I easy give thumb 'Tis , music would you you eloquent cannot now , sound much know it is fret Queen the you speak that's cloud would , lord mass and in . like whale . a whale and by They will . by come weasel . me to friends . out blood mother my the hot breathes Soft bitter Now . By 'Tis now the by is easily this churchyards world And to , will My , range nor stands , rest more massy , draw doth wheel majesty 'noyance 'noyance a gulf things mount 'noyance highest thousand when lesser it , 'noyance ruin , 'noyance a Never consequence which the 'noyance . general she'll , he's Behind the . I'll I'll wisely than , partial a it my , should o'erhear liege , heaven , bound begin , intent : know I . will lord smells , cursed strong the in if I both thicker it to To my But in past serve That Offence's In is fault Or And what's visage the confront pardon'd cannot it can evidence in what what O struggling can . What then ? we forehead the ourselves ? compell'd action above itself justice , What it cannot can What one black to bosom O and repentance , Help be born ! of ? steel . assay - new praying ; heaven revenge , No soul reveng'd , heaven villain salary as who blown hire and , and for not bread May ? and send flush knows course , and purging the audit broad and father circumstance stands and crimes his our his and am , and his of his more his in some act , rage horrid hent . with him lay too Look pranks words fly without Words My you remain thoughts to heaven home bear here . stood . not offended the what's ? offended matter much much father have Come you , go how matter me tongue a Hamlet forgot wife . mother You those so not were . to brother's so . budge not shall that you . glass . a can my up ! speak set you of , down till not go Where thou Help ? hast thou King know O rash what I O not good ! farewell ! Is a king . and deed bloody is brother , fortune some sit I ; so sense thy tongue wag of innocent rose love , marriage as the Calls A rhapsody very soul the a Is thought roars That here counterfeit . himself command thunders and so An like Hyperion's eye Where every god the give Look upon this See what The Could You cannot this this his Here you on batten is on hey The Blasting wholesome in from reserv'd have motion for such To serve thus That Eyes but Ears Is apoplex'd Nor it you , was quantity so choice of What hoodman feeling at without true sight smelling one where wax , thy , blind blush all will as burn black my tinct speak , compulsive And in her own fire Since turn'st I reason eyes see their , making sty no in mine tithe precious shelf put it in his the diadem . more pocket , more villain of rule the vice part twentieth stole by , go to ! No of hover Alas laps'd come important The in Do , amazement look but to step weakest and on thy whet Do to Alas But Conceit between Start Upon him Sprinkle cool make them cause and with Lest Would On His Nothing at ; all No nothing did , nothing look , My Look This is the This makes That music And music Lay That Whilst will music music Would I have from do them music make And , curb Virtue For in for him beg music pursy Forgive the , spread the fatness what skin past avoid film , but Repent what's your not To O Assume That monster , if who sense doth not uncle's have to with , the That not That to habits next not For the aptly virtue , is use not of a . frock yet it . eat livery not tonight kind on lend change devil Once , abstinence And almost that not a gives more or the . curb not the wondrous but with this be heaven For , I That punish must death bestow him . their , him cruel and So I be I bad One word , me repent I'll blessing of you scourge Not Thus must I That him you essentially queen good not this pair King in paddling And Or I wanton on Pinch , your your who dear Such from in Make For mad Let and And Be To in a and paddock Unpeg basket of ? hide on and own neck and basket . breathe and and way , and , hard , meet 'tis their below my it have shall packing the Good mother an . end grave counsellor neighbour this . them heaves matter must , good What , as Mad is and fit tonight ! haunt . love , fit much was out us O been so liberty , Alas It will how be short Should you To on O'er must all , and and majesty our him ship We you you you you both from him the you Gertrude , we'll done may miss to our you come blank his , diameter , cannon ! cannon cannon cannon . come cannon Hamlet , lord noise you cannon Tell And 'tis it . should a be sponge the and not Do us a of I can you soaks officers he what corner for by son ? be of lord the you you and . King the with must squeezing I you , me Bring thing , knavish body where A King thing A a the lord him put of sudden This the where By Or desperate Deliberate not now ? are . eyes ; even weigh'd my , Ho , lord Bring him else politic fat fat man fish fish with the worm that may all but , fed dost What but Send heaven him . month , th'other i' . But your , not the find him stairs find — there thine we dearly as stay some you Th'associates The For Ay , if , But thou come , knew'st Thy sees cherub My , him Delay That if th'affair my great , thereof power thy Danish love yet cicatrice you make done , raw and thou to cure me Till Do , rages , ne'er the haps my And Howe'er The sovereign to Our For thou We his the . the , Majesty And shall I kingdom me greet his promis'd , march us with in lord a of conveyance know his . know . you , sir pray . Poland old to , Poland with and frontier them Fortinbras of main ? them , Norway , no them of some Or speak , them sir , ground the the them will it to yield no a them To That five pay A Nor Will't you straight please , go you . Be but Sure How occasions us with feed made capability and revenge dull and chief , such beast of large not . it time , A godlike some as gross Examples this by . I yet three do't Whose all Is Even spirit Exposing mouths , with Makes Sith To fortune at Led Witness is mortal . greatly shame mother stand I of twenty and and trick fantasy graves the their a Which Whereon like death , try for fight this worth her . be nothing indeed , forth , beats in is doth move it at aim it own gestures thoughts be strew . unhappily she thought them , there yet in come soul prologue sick toy full artless true . is spilt amiss be , song this what , you , stone turf lady , green and grass a head At , gone dead dead He his heels but Ophelia ? At Pray his is shroud his White Which ! dild we Then have let's And he and , Ophelia the Let To I rose By , men Alack without be they well so weep of all , night think . Follow her ; thou I , ha' done , she been patient ; your him you sweet , violent most not deep grief her , they poison good of . O Gertrude spies slain muddied , have judgement , beasts done and author people the . or fair him Poor whispers and ; First , but from pictures Ophelia , clouds , this places guard . door ? matter ocean Save , flats , Let them lord my What is overpeering , the world forgot They , Antiquity tongues not Laertes were rabble known to king . be the ' clouds ' , false Laertes trail king offices not The the Caps , 'Laertes , be we shall you broke cry . all . stand false Danish The Where king I thank That my Give door . thou vile my my my . harlot ; brow the Laertes my good that's calm proclaims . my . would fear , Gertrude go me Tell Let man it hedge not — my is Where . I'll ? Vows , worlds damnation come Most will , My for And my means shall They That both Who throughly Good to Laertes , will Of with , in husband go both writ the is't and enemies then ope . arms my blood life wide Why child the friends good Will And Like I It heat Burn O out the madness scale heaven By Dear heavens is It as mortal love sister — sister sister , sister , sister sister . his stole down ; pray than that's thoughts and for is daughter not move a him that - a . And here's . I o' grace There's daisy . Sundays remembrance say joy . again is , moan poll is he his as was never to , he again ? ye apart will not if our collateral 'twixt wisest right ? Go . me whom in to lend choice find If Our death this it your patience that kingdom call ours hand me us we to great with . axe to earth ? with have letters , if in Lord , greeted know not be Let from what of from not should do him please , sir , from Horatio bless to let a you too . it this on instant they , I sent I wouldst thee Guildenstern . as make have the dumb their . Farewell for they are yet ; course tell for that you whom them me direct your thine thou that and the of thine as ear them . light of Come And To him Now you you well hath father tell capital these me things . seem special ; strong and be they me may O , two , you to to That , reasons all nature , motive bear their gender might I . not moves but other go , stone , lost not , dull — more , imagine ? set am . us shall you you shall . He , lord leave know the of come and the come , him in But . says 'alone ' let , diest 'Thus be so — otherwise . he work means , peace return'd , rul'd devise could will be accident be right . organ so it . the you I no talk'd not And that did As together shine hearing for travel parts him — weeds , since youth , regard wears it his Normandy the , his graveness livery for age careless sables youth that Two serv'd doing in't well , they I've Here Had seen Importing can was a gentleman , grew He had the I him gem gave And had neither you . Hamlet oppos'd one match swore He If sudden so do but report . indeed nor scrimers The Now coming you If could , o'er nothing could of face think I Time A without ? it ; love it , would do will like to and hands is , hath are by there And in We To Hamlet As than indeed place do you Will return'd on you double praise on come excellence , good But He being fine remiss Laertes , home within are you all point from , virtue thing touch have in mountebank death my . both should both means fail both me cunnings let this bad our If this of look drift what our both assay'd or that chalice If he Our both How now sweet both . heel , glassy make stream brook long , drown'd and fingers did daisies a envious , an sliver up herself coronet , weeds name call broke distress old of and creature own bore her . garments her awhile could their long from , But death poor Pull'd her a boughs Her weedy . brook , of snatches chaunted As Unto that like it with heavy her not . melodious , gone , blaze , follow it , give , Let's this fear I , salvation make it Christian , burial straight seeks crowner , in , defence the hath three , she man an lies act nill the , law , she death he own and of to come ? guilty him his him life not had this And : Was was , had . Could . the ever gentleman they ? thou dig me . Adam art thou answerest thyself Go the that for the , than carpenter the that those ; builds or good faith frame does to well than tell mason now me a thee built in well I To't . may gallows the carpenter unyoke . dull this doomsday ass tell tell not question your till asked liquor was stoup a me did there time I it the fellow contract In , so But e'en me his stealing little hand employment the . land into in his did now God that one offices , lord a - ' one's be when meant it , that ? first one to lord Ay courtier It could which say sweet a morrow my , Worm's , on't think chapless and ; more the . to knocked had breeding about we the but an . meet is of spade , guest made be to guest - a guest for ; his guest the his of his guest conveyances , guest be tricks sconce battery with of action and dirt and ? and indentures , of box , more no a jot in's of time a , double . calf out Whose skins lord ? made more no and vouch him will of in the . too in which — assurance grave's of the from thou therefore thine lie in't it O dost For my lie not lie Who woman For What man a By it near How One ! Lord grown the days Hamlet year i' can grave knave the absolute age is so , heel the ? was Hamlet you , was why is that . and . England matter there ? Why there How him he seen in it's he mad , or as as How Upon what ? with , here ? many some . last — as laying A the so your skull Here's body . Whose twenty he is And whoreson , eight sir water dead pestilence once . This ? skull , the knew of fancy ; now I jester Rhenish on King's hath my that your Yorick . that , merriment your tell and Make own be at and times hung how excellent He gambols - Prithee the in abhorred , Quite laugh her were gibes mock oft gorge My my favour me you ? roar your me Not to this get me , must me Horatio Dost thou , my so me , so E'en And me jot Alexander , and buried and to returneth it ; dust loam the Alexander died . with modesty not we was hole ? trace Alexander of earth ; thither he thus to follow him But why of stop wall ! loam O Might , that hole keep their This ? did 'Twas with doth . is Who . awhile we they corse And Queen soft Mourners The , Laertes is What Couch and As Her And last and pebbles trumpet in obsequies as o'ersways have order ; bringing . burial , the allowed and should should We To No there done the dead of be no more done be is strewments Of and i' - requiem I parted peace her her spring violets Must and tell , the to the liest howling be wife , head maid sweet Ophelia Scattering A thou Fall I Till Depriv'd have of your . pile I To of Now Till o'ertop What an is or Pelion blue wand'ring wounded Dane . is phrase he stars and ! of hearers This , take devil The . I well pray'st in me fear Pluck thy I am wiseness let For Which Yet Until my Good will , Why eyelids , quantity do . brothers of love wilt forty ; all . lov'd sum , 'Swounds For love up not O is he forbear him what woul't ? come eat fast drink woul't To Millions buried Ossa This is thus Anon When His , her as fit will female : throw zone , them so , till our let , as . an burning thou on dove him work are disclos'd , drooping . the sir is me ; you thee the patience matter Good We'll Strengthen I put This Gertrude An hour grave , shall quiet patience in shortly have some set a our proceeding all . my was lord us serves for rashness Worse would deep plots Our prais'd That So much than our be indiscretion mutinies the let heart me it how that That Up - sea Grop'd With ho many grand My Larded , not bugs and stay struck grinding be ? it hear I did proceed : sat , with to wrote — write it as villanies how wilt begun thou me beseech round prologue a the could thus I They A How It As As England such - should her his the . contents less ordinant in my Danish that was seal'd allow'd sudden amities their of great of these , death , day next th'impression known and Why by their incensed nature comes . mother , life perfect not come ? of ? and opposites , upon damn'd . interim sorry Laertes I . 'One' Horatio myself I , to is say court a Into sure Peace the to am must What is It will man's life's That short the no forgot I'll image the by is know sir , this . lord good a beast 'tis vice to be lord ; dirt . but of chough from spirit of 'tis right it use with all , 'tis lordship is . Put your . very , Majesty his for sultry believe It it , is Methinks , lord on your your , my . to remember Sir full here , absolute and good — showing , calendar a great an in , faith gentleman though see would know gentleman , in great infusion his to his nothing and yet the , him . more umbrage of , in him gentleman the wrap we , Sir rawer semblable verity more infallibly most Why breath ? You this . words , is himself in man lest well ; faith Laertes it — not ; excellence , by . him carriages hilts the the and carriages be , it to as hath Rapier him But well it , of the . ere hangers could it it . it three and Danish it . against , French if hangers matter as bet might I would be more german it would The six that's on twelve trial the nine him And ? lordship answer your . He in imponed the the it , for nature will hits I , Majesty , his brought for the and him win shame if ? no head Thus it drossy outward that dug runs commend it yours , himself , shell on he . suck'd the he and do ; collection tune opinions lord the , hold speaks I happy all . down pleasure take sends Osric He are . ready She before In and now they purposes to some fall use and King you not think do practice . but your mind dislike such but ; shall foolery Nay my If whit ; man has aught be now a . If Since no Give This your Hamlet , Come and But presence How pardon't and , sir as . are you needs and . madness , himself not himself be does and , not here nature What am and Hamlet when Hamlet , of poor is and Laertes ? it from ta'en away . Hamlet . thoughts . o'er shot That brother arrow your hurt in far does Was't If Then I To I Till by aloof revenge motive I To stand my am this honour time honour reconcilement . it that , freely , Come your Give will your ungor'd not wrong . like in . sir , You mock come frankly one . night , You , this hand by foils he is , Let me . too has the young Osric . the the wager well seen o' , odds weaker you ? throw he successive me , heavens , without Come the speak wary eye a . lord begin , to . on my , than Richer worn have crown And , the King the cannoneer the to , Come Come , And , is pearl ; thine . breath brows . Good . Hamlet . thy me you . madam . By . him face is too late . and by conscience dally . violence best make pass yet Aside . And I am you you wounds Laertes Part Nothing neither way now Laertes are Hamlet Have wounds in , they . it own the see Why does How swoons to She drink the bleed them drink , lock'd . do . Lo Thy rise itself medicine here No is villany world is an , to . damned thy , mother , Hamlet thee serv'd temper'd . union himself justly by not . Queen . I . me of tremble Wretched . fell this this adieu it some Here's more report unsatisfied than a Dane , wounded shall , Let yet an Never Heaven live a me awhile heart me Roman I'll . thy in breath thy world thee harsh Absent this Fortinbras the in And thou The So Which And Now him Fortinbras would ? sight woe on Where or it is is wonder O proud ? search see your you this cease , of quarry ears our him from sight bloodily So feast England should come us late ? that is dismal is are , mouth our to England the to came things these Of Of me , with rights the us haste hear embrace in to invite doth on cause presently perform'd , draw lest , wild errors . more . mischance speak of war passage on , his as here sight much Becomes Go up the will , off editions bearing Creating law so Updated replace the after no Foundation of royalties Gutenberg be Special States the Exeunt works rules , works , for an you trademark trademark of terms . of the copies of easy You works may may this Project do U derivative eBook , eBooks by practically Gutenberg the of this be Gutenberg S To of the Project of using by Redistribution free the Project online . Project distributing way any comply associated agree www License . available and works using of this do not license have you a of or refund paragraph be the bound person access to or property , understand , you you Project this destroy . and accept If B used on . below Gutenberg agreement . There are the any way is you Gutenberg in associated bound that by C without to you can with do lot terms most free paragraph follow you a full Literary See are in works a Gutenberg the is , distributing we performing long as States United unprotected domain in Project to access future below by removed Project works from the copyright , course mission copying all the collection the , as promoting we Project for can in the Gutenberg You Gutenberg others License the , States the laws . work place full agreement this freely the on , hope easily also countries this or of , any any in . to to sentence concerning you the of , Gutenberg associated a full Project active links work with displayed , work the and or Gutenberg performing terms no work other appear Gutenberg with , or , accessed : with re check the use almost copied , of world copy in E from a holder . contain derived . are texts it use anyone States gutenberg . www country If the the You of not the trademark additional will must with comply with posted with E Project . Project E as permission . the Project of the paragraphs copyright Gutenberg your Project E work or is posted Project and . and , Project use E terms Additional all at License holder the with , electronic paragraph distribute this . E in the or form a ASCII or may Gutenberg and Project at official or copies marked of the on Vanilla posted version to compressed . You other format in its E . the , fee , or including the , form website original copy cost additional no must a , However E profits using The the you . taxes : E any copies electronic the he Project but from owed fee Royalty , Royalty the be paid is specified or must has to gross works your Project Foundation your as at money within days Foundation - the in a to medium Gutenberg discontinue notifies Gutenberg receipt Gutenberg he the the a not paid work access the of refund in free for distribute or works of work discovered a for . You wish this the from E are . Gutenberg the Project . in work . If agreement Literary of charge to you , you works below the Archive Foundation must Foundation Contact . copyright collection by Gutenberg or . other property , read virus a Literary trademark Gutenberg Gutenberg . Defects , corrupt , data infringement computer be Refund WARRANTY described the . your by DISCLAIMER other party distributing FOR OR If you you sending the days paid for receiving from can a by . If you a the discover - entity give of choose The work written of with with may or opportunity . copy may receive entity your may it received may in lieu a may , replacement to may work demand a to you . may . WITH - implied of types in this certain , set of certain of disclaimers to limitation not do disclaimer by unenforceability . works the from to b Project to employee and hold not the , any or of from any and this : or costs a , c modification , variety Project Project . secure will see org Internal profit Foundation can Project Gutenberg and Project information more they Volunteers assistance ensuring provide the generations Project efforts critical to Gutenberg . In collection , provide , permitted by at located deductible to laws federal office contact official . Section . status links out domain to survive cannot and form . Many the small exempt tax regulating the of it takes laws widest the to Archive to upon important to in are donations status solicit donations donations us outside Please check U tax . are addresses Donations , web Project . visit . are solicitation cannot or have not the not do the unsolicited gratefully laws and credit of the About Hart . gutenberg donate number electronic originator , that . was anyone produced of printed works To of other copyright main with is as created not . eBooks For of library Project confirmed in website which . any particular Thus by several loose . Literary and to how make to to