and King Stand . Stand Stand bed your the He Stand . relief 'Tis Stand now For this And Stand I much you Well If Get you of do hear I think O , What let I this have not dreaded I to us if the have our again may With Therefore sight says this And let so nights tush again fortified once , appear . ears have seen against hear speak of , heaven , beating Look . off , In art figure same Thou Most it Looks It spoke it that fair of warlike thee . I majesty ? the of usurp'st with time charge . stalks ! something more and ! pale ? fantasy look . answer not ! You you might and eyes own this avouch ! believe . dead ice parle ; on this , stalk the in what With twice Thus frown'd he once , the was Polacks 'Tis before This bodes particular he some gone at jump work strict for such mart the - whisper That the even know a , now by our who by Fortinbras in ; combat side by but goes you on by prick'd this to For Dar'd Did so this Well slay , his , and which moiety which the by had conqueror those seal'd a world all law seiz'd of King inheritance the article , cov'nant Fortinbras same there and our , motive watch haste main and in no other the , take portentous but so this that sort - this our it armed and it mote A this Of The Is of source Well Comes A little and gibber and Neptune's the Upon Disasters As And Was even to influence with whose the in sick But I'll thou cross , soft there may art in uphoarded the womb may avoid country's grace to and Marcellus , speak speak speak speak speak Speak speak it 'Tis here gone 'Tis We To offer vain of invulnerable , thing heard cock crew guilty trumpet . have I - sounding at . the air blows when a , violence show malicious the as to , mockery morn the . comes . strike time to the no all long charm . this morning him , our we loves ; what up the , and morn dew watch our young dumb we pray find Where do't bear our with Together we Yet With Taken , Th'imperial one scale weighing one with this sister be To Therefore as jointress sometime remembrance a defeated dirge 'twere ; along , a weak and dear late of dream those with pester of all us much . of with lands bonds disjoint by Colleagued not hath He our Now by Lost ourself and brother valiant Importing , business uncle is for - to suppress , here : rid , Fortinbras hears in ; nephew's purpose we you and and are here . your duty the duty . our allow commend will things nothing it , some And We You That lose And The Than My Yet hath , my lord laboursome , seal'd my leave last my me at slow . go leave . less than will at it graces hour beseech his Take I Upon thy And But now little . Aside And Good I the that let Thou lord and , for not Seek , ever look for , thy thine too thy cast eye through it . die must dust friend common eternity lives lids Denmark off vailed the thy a on . seems ? with particular be is , forc'd the shows indeed might within are actions me forms dejected , No madam alone nor Nor 'Tis not Why seems it it solemn cloak haviour , have that Nor That For 'Tis denote can with the truly the sweet a which is most condolement But for the , impious shows A what be , incorrect , simple 'tis fault to sense , common nature as is , vulgar vulgar vulgar vulgar vulgar , vulgar and pray , till that immediate , earth son immediate intent Wittenberg your , note immediate immediate . immediate our of our . bend you , mother thy immediate , and unforc'd Denmark in 'tis my heart loving and cannon gentle a best us go her prayers to , obey Madam , grace accord of Hamlet , today whereof shall heaven the Denmark clouds bruit again , away melt dew a into , resolve and , that His all fie stale the ; me to Seem weary Fie on't it months her I As Hyperion So two dead ; satyr too might excellent remember Why of on't which little With She married Had My father's I Ere have ! wants — the left , nor heart , such yet With . I , The or same lord servant ever ? Good even my own violence , no Elsinore ere know I my your of you in are to lord My prithee I I . upon mother's ! funeral bak'd meats in follow'd hard my see We'll Thrift , thrift Would My , mind's my for his him a goodly . all my him my . my my my gentlemen I , admiration my lord My lord I think I , King father your Who ? the , The witness till for these . and Marcellus In the dead , fear they their and stately ; act fear walk'd distill'd , of thrice with and , these together Two his jelly secrecy the dreadful And , I had deliver'd night impart third the This and in did kept him . knew more with , Form Almost by them whilst , eyes surprised good true we are comes apparition and to Stand dumb them as In . was upon My made you I would yet where , like where But this platform did ; down 'tis it you of my in writ , honour'd it ? troubles . watch say you duty , And , Indeed We MARCELLUS you Hold from , From It very haste moderate like , Longer longer . was , beard have silver'd watch will I A sable as His , grizzled his ? gape should person hell I this tonight hap no So , I'll shall your all , honour you , peace though eleven . conceal'd bid . will . My I some , doubt the you . visit your understanding your tongue . men's to . not sleep winds Farewell you give ; nature blood primy , not of sweet of that No but more not alone , own besmirch you now fear it body , circumscrib'd believe place is particular deed voice the he saying goes no of on subject is he and And is sanctity Carve For himself will his , himself it If keep and rear it your . chaste withal he loves further sister dear songs treasure may which ; of your honour ear importunity open danger is beauty most liquid buttons to of of disclos'd the : be calumnious youth . heaven brother keep , fear else lesson my . treads do dalliance own fear But me double aboard , with , Beware . in , steel ; buy voice vulgar tongue means his thought unproportion'd hast thou thou Grapple them friends But thy thy beware of thy the proclaims generous , gaudy in and man can thy thee few reserve purse ; as in of that lord station : tend take , remember . of . thee my , servants your the shall have said to you go ; you my well and key it ? to is't So please , private your it If He speak , his me so I free oft honour . late bounteous of yourself , truth the your . what , lord such my think ; pay dearly a them think call green many tenders a like , you these hath honourable it you Or Running My , not That , you lord , he , Tender yourself me to speech . these extinct , prodigal the tongue springes With fashion vows promise Giving When hath given his all countenance call catch burns vows , he may tether parley in a given ; larger his Than their for In command And Believe not Not The of they are he is presence this suits , brokers , maiden time . fire for take not must You with be that which . him at a Lord to vows young dye not But Breathing words so in to like mere believe Do This sanctified , with you my lord come . forth and ; it shall What a is . walk . then ? I held mean does spirit ? King Indeed Wherein I heard No , doth What this wake and his the swaggering trumpet custom ; the observance and east headed and the in my to honour'd our us drunkards the to though This though - tax'd and though addition , though and pith achievements , though of with indeed perform'd they of particular them , though guilty wherein , wherein wherein wherein wherein corruption of , substance censure general as — Shall wherein that infinite man as star as take may scandal the wherein pales manners stamp too that , livery To my and His in Doth lord own ! goblin health of from heaven intents spirit Angels airs ministers thee in wicked such . I'll Be will King That Let not , saw What corse again we op'd dead the Why Making cast up is shake thus Hath That Revisit'st With , Say it beckons why if It will not Why I what be not not set , my do a thing will . the a as toward base sovereignty immortal other there might place your madness immortal you And Which And draw beetles the his some into ? of desperation brain sea to fathoms toys immortal of . the every immortal waves immortal That if immortal Or dreadful into , beneath , Go It Be your not . hands Hold lord fate My rul'd makes And hardy lion's go cries the Still on , this , me Unhand Nemean petty each heaven say I , after is Heaven rotten To Something Have waxes Let's follow not 'tis ; in will let's I'll , Speak come will sulph'rous myself am , not shall lend unfold . hearing . I what me Pity So thou I a day term away crimes certain thy revenge art Are Thy thy Would tell for the a and the And and didst thou flesh To Like But If his to whose hair the blazon , particular each two up soul eyes And ! and God foul foul Murder as sweep I find shouldst ease than meditation As know't best wings swift . is the and weed , of my , that itself with ; love thoughts thee ; process noble Denmark . ear whole sleeping . fat wharf Lethe hear orchard life , so forged but a me the death , traitorous that - off there the gifts beast have lust with that was — power to and incestuous prophetic that seduce most gifts , to wicked of his Mine , wit — that love and dignity was my ! hand his of falling whose , of what Hamlet went in me to a . in virtue , as radiant ; pour morning uncle thy hour secure in And soft Will lust So swift the of of doth milk ; of ears a afternoon orchard did distilment it blood effect , hand and body by sleeping , my brother's crust posset body mine dispatch'd my head horrible it . to unanel'd it once account not be act contrive bear bed luxury not Against was Thus , of crown of Cut Adieu 'gins adieu to sting in leave let thy , bosom his pale her mother those aught mind thy But Taint Let not for , and damned thy thou and And To glow worm my ? hell sinews this In saws Yea wipe books all youth of All shall trivial , Ay , and all distracted poor That And baser matter away Remember memory thee , villain Denmark I smile and set damned , copied forms volume . pernicious , is it may , have remember . ' word to me adieu MARCELLUS . are am smile , Meet and you there I , may tables . it , one At least is , It 'Adieu Hillo How What my ? come — it , heaven . it reveal ? be be grave be : you be You hold every that fit man more and my be part part ; the come dwelling arrant be ne'er he's But Such , as For but sorry offend you , heartily . Yes These as you know , Touching there , soldiers is between good here Horatio vision , tell now . too this no Patrick ghost what , scholars We will . tonight , request poor may are you As you you my you my lord , have you upon , lord you In We Indeed under Cries you my my my my Ha , my ha ubique to my Well Beneath speak Come Beneath gentlemen ? et you sword remove but things , said A day more , as more dreamt of soe'er perchance I As Here are night stranger philosophy so bear on hereafter think disposition antic times giving ambiguous speak' , pronouncing you hereafter How , So know we hereafter of , mercy of hereafter such and hereafter Or That hereafter To such encumber'd arms Or by , list we That at : or out 'There me aught . So , you ; gentlemen is to in . together go . Reynaldo , these my shall will and notes lord , make to , him . good , keep they Paris Look it , his will and what expense drift , you his distant do very Ay , you demands , wild ; demands demands ? demands demands demands , Reynaldo . demands ; known ; him say ; and ' there , and that ; go would season it fencing , and , As drinking . lord , the him so ; so charge him Ay You flash A savageness general my Of seem he as , is meaning may and not must not That they That's believe , should And , it a 'twere these seen , sir , The , or closes youth Your of You of As of party in of Having 'Good of the mass of By of At saw At At so and in the with or 'friend in ' ' . 'gentleman , the day , gentleman you say , sale' or o'ertook there : out and , you My , fare you and this so such at falsehood of have wi' God you windlasses , b' By and me advice well . his lord lord ply all my of in stockings knocking knees gyved his , his I was head look been , loosed piteous doublet down out - his in to his comes each ankle , me it held his ; arm he such What he goes not know Mad for thy before ? fear wrist truly do wrist do lord I , wrist the wrist by wrist hand the wrist . done all , his turn'd his wrist wrist . under love on undertakings to will will of desperate . I am words of heaven , hard late — denied did , King , itself given good I am sorry that . sort our but trifle . King to might close love than , dear have to Something heard it , be hath put man inward call , him , you and brought days youth humour , death Resembles Of Rosencrantz much , we we sending . Moreover need transformation The To So Whether us pleasures and afflicts him you , glean gather , remedy of unknown occasion to little Some And he I gentlemen , expend your time with , will you , living please not , service To and , us command have into both entreaty . We And Thanks , And these . him . lord . joyfully Thou Have And , Hunts not The very think hold speak do Both to my God as my policy that do to th'ambassadors ; to . sure great them fruit of us'd I my duty of Give them the grace tells He My Thyself doubt The it other but o'erhasty sift . marriage main . in he bring that , all your the him Norway Polack found truly whereat and appear'd to good our brother ! friends we , Welcome , Most our nephew's be But It falsely which , annual fee soldiers Polack those against your more , safety enterprise down . allowance in Majesty : shown the in uncle never with employ against give further entreaty before , and . labour feast . we'll home night at rest and consider'd well together is expostulate to . is time , flourishes of . art at true all ; remains 'tis 'tis art no A foolish will : I for the have the defective of by and , comes cause of now then remainder cause out rather Or have Who I the Thus an : ill celestial Came I love I Ophelia Doubt dear Thine But evermore by above obedience thee Doubt , the to doubt , lady in . This they As hath she receiv'd by ear hath , to given All how mine . that , you you you book - mute idle , star bespeak of , mistress prince , a might This you think be , Hamlet my young a . messengers a into Fell Thence Into to , the , and , now . wherein all you , to Do may a such When prov'd said time been I That Not You Where the the sometimes may know he indeed my the the the , the . lord ? lord ? goes ten , a kissing my far . Yet , he but , my on . is for . lord ? lord very ? that slave ; sir honesty hold All that are satirical Between my my read says here though a , plentiful is in't you down powerfully have I — like if , on out Into the yet my walk often air the that delivered most grave be . Will that ! could replies prosperously A not contrive honourable to seek tedious save you , is . honoured most To Happy friends , children we cap Nor about her Then you parts , privates we the strumpet . a she is . lord soles None is Then Fortune What near world's your news true ; is ? you confines , wards . not for to you 'tis it so me it is a prison good . and dungeons . o' are many th' the king . dream a count bad dreams narrow and shadow . a quality that heroes it fay servants for But . Elsinore Were ? you Come speak thank not for lord purpose . should What , your I am thanks even ? Come the looks the . me by - ever you confession know . me we in . colour of anything kind , what Guildenstern an what . eye what by direct What of we My why the moult what feather your I have me you . If what were anticipation lost seems , the indeed know to what you ; so I To shall and earth the majestical canopy with foul how golden , fire sterile forgone . custom o'erhanging it action this , seem stuff such you in me' . thoughts my me me , what beauty ? entertainment , Lenten nor the ; how is 'Man neither of what ; sere shall ? lungs his shall have lover ; tribute to take in , his his and part the halt the in . players . both such delight residence ways both , inhibition they . freely they reputation . was the late Are city . I did ? are in ? now , Do the for't they are — many there but out dare quills — that Who longer should tyrannically , keeps How No that pace cry . that so ? children if that they wonted they clapped stages of that than are Will they not that , top that of that them the and that grow do on . the was for player exclaim there bid no pursue are afterwards like the , their much been tarre Ay that , not mouths my . away . There controversy to Is't ? of brains ? Hercules load , his for apiece There , appurtenance Gentlemen of you , lest , garb fairly . should my welcome this welcome is fashion to Elsinore appear father north uncle In north - you too not you , and there is baby , Happily Guildenstern will see the , for tell second comes sir twice lord : to prophesy you lord My I time , come to morning so . you Rome actor an — lord When . each actors The tragical pastoral Then honour tragical too the . light , my . tragedy actor came my , historical , either , nor These Plautus , What of he , no thou . more and The Still i' right 'One fair then lot As , Nay me you by follows my lord . I not I th' , old a . daughter that I will will . For will where will it like know you was . will look well , you of will taste at us pleased it it once was fly . to't be e'en straight passionate French is ring . mine it received top as your voice , anything — was there matter than handsome tale to Priam's slaughter Dido method , speech thereabout One phrase as might it in live let , whose me , arms night . the set were in fine 'Twas he begin , The speaks so purpose it no honest see of at Black he this is in did begins . it me — sable If dismal , trick'd ominous Head daughters dismal , dismal light wrath and . he dismal With their eyes like murders lend Now total gules dismal blood To dismal well at too lord my 'Fore , So , finds , spoken , Ilium fell ; top a , milky , th'air Pyrrhus Did neutral with senseless of wind . base , was prisoner reverend to , like , Pyrrhus' his Pyrrhus as a speechless against a seem'd the , heavens so the stand , anon , the painted For with lo stick hideous sword his stood some , head and . his we and Pyrrhus' eterne her , synod And In general thou Now armour , the sets than , Mars's rend remorse falls strumpet down is low the round with of to mobled . sleeps . is ? good , upon that queen' ! good a the clout down stood A . and in head flames queen' 'Mobled barefoot With late Where That's But seen his the them sword Pyrrhus themselves state all , have th'alarm Fortune's this A About blanket had , Who if the in with husband's tears you have see death your ; turn'd speak the better abstracts thee for will well has he . well lord report were bestowed well live every them honour Take man bounty more them a ? have . after your , We'll hear tomorrow own in , you Can is my . is after according to Use is and desert . is play a would not is a mock is set could which Ay ha't Dost down and insert study Ay You you . alone am my b' so . look in't , could . lord and , My You welcome good Guildenstern lord till , To God what Good Ay the And That Had cleave the guilty general the the he With dull - nothing No , unpregnant - property . my of peak I indeed passion , appal horrid Yet . Am breaks blows gives ? and ere this this throat and made say Upon - A me a John Like Tweaks Ha this , me deep ! Remorseless calls my As , That Must I , like the my a , I what Why That And fall to ! creatures have I'll of will presently Foh drab words , and I a unpack like upon't brain cursing a very ! scene have ! scullion my the miraculous , For cunning of play I'll . I'll have perhaps , grounds I'll hath that he my have . murder observe If I'll his I'll quick and shape I'll , my I'll me potent very he I'll And from can Get feels quiet lunacy himself by will he we him confess his he so him find would he Did When his forward from a But Niggard seem there o'er - did . They , of told players the your to a already Majesties order me and To it in play true the heart With To see doth on , We matter him him further delights , leave purpose gentlemen drive Gertrude as and myself , espials . for Hamlet , lawful too . here may hither no judge he his as th'affliction Will That for shall obey . or wish your virtues I do this , an my ! art , an an , an lord an word that with most plastering helps . an . painted the my burden heavy to ! withdraw be not 'tis and them the to sleep die sea ? by ache - more perchance No by Or And The a To a That to would oppressor's wrong a of makes death dream heir and take heart ; opposing a be flesh and . a off so delay , takes spurns a , fardels unworthy his would quietus , life . man's the and love the bear shuffled dispriz'd of merit himself ? bare Who the the To a bodkin that The and grunt The When No And makes o'er their regard name with thus conscience And fly traveller Thus The fair the Ophelia With enterprises the of lose does Be I great currents and moment you turn pith Soft awry , orisons . many this my ; well have long have lord sins you , you pray honour now your thank , remembrances . well compos'd mind unkind wax again ; for to givers lord rich , I I That , gave No , honour'd made beauty than no with ? the believe you , me lord believed my have not Indeed it truly for bawd power , have sooner of . beauty better did I not . did deceived relish had did could more it for Why but , in put better my did wouldst the ; proof You should did stock did indifferent , ambitious ; we nunnery . We ? thoughts that mother honest I thou the Let If thou doors shut in's own , you house him this may him upon home lord he sweet Farewell , chaste help plague make ! wilt thou monsters too nickname and shalt for heavens . I'll pure as . restore . Farewell them given , I but you , calumny marry Be . needs thy dowry thou escape of To . God . him you and all your make , amble your hath , already nunnery a mad me are tongue To , made , as are is eye see what blown and , down form quite harsh wretched and music , tend way see a , in form His which And like Will : he shall youth of feature , with affections ? what Love what Thus it I demand seas objects still I do think in beating . himself settled puts his shall to England What yet heart , you on't his you , ear , it your for ; gently I , lines use but , I that as crier spoke I , speech the . town tongue many of pronounced as may hear very rags thus may robustious periwig - pated fellow inexplicable dumb Termagant your tutor special this . Pray let word your the playing make form and is that tame word Herod your honour of with for , overdone but that I age nature , make allowance have in players not nor , bellowed I very to and , cannot be Christians accent censure of of theatre others , Nature's nor , pagan some it reform'd , play pitiful spectators be that the a you shows and Go barren be there of ready lord ? piece this the players will , and two and , of . lord your Horatio , good but hope thy may revenue what Nay e'er my thee tongue lick ? thou flatter'd , hear been hast nothing , pomp knee mingled finger Fortune's heart will In Hast Hath As Whose ta'en and judgement not slave are suffering for herself and well pipe she ay near guilt - father's circumstance the so buffets equal . play tonight Something thee passion's , a of it the King him man wear . death , a his imaginations . will his censure after In mine stithy . to rivet eyes 'scape detecting And For he aught Well the , coming my march . my flourish Get you this seeming lord whilst my of the Enter King , play a cousin my , If my And to are my I No , nor have and was a good accounted actor Capitol . mine once you , kill'd so to ready kill th' killed Be capital . was Caesar brute my lord your ? stay , Brutus i' him I . there a Come To your ? I think , No mean a What Do fair I Nothing matters ? maids' my . legs ? merry , man Ay only mother What my - jig cheerfully , you your Nay ? twice devil months . let long sables by'r with on there's hope , a great ! the die then , lord do died within's father my black ago maker declines his him Queen a kisses asleep , neck ; his , wear Nay 'tis outlive months churches man's must hobby makes Queen . action takes The to exits seeming the Queen lament with with the his crown and hobby the King . off woos The and She , and She with . Poisoner . three lord ; mallecho What show , shame you . what not . means you naught : show the , play us For are We beg Here You 'Tis Neptune's thirty Full thirty moons times have dozen , Phoebus' , posy , my moon and late : made know I former sick love sun sacred the may . too so you doubts great functions love this , proof is aught , fear are grows love my , kind shalt fair leave to : behind world one — breast . first the . treason me none my kisses slave to poor but now on validity memory we you kill second what determine second now But is do I that marriage but , husband in bed , dead . speak break , fruit , violent like joy , grief themselves or lament accident yet ; of , doth grief aye to strange , else slender most destroy . not change , prove with 'tis nor , on with doth the passion ending violence own The with This That For 'tis Grief Where Their The with grieves friends you , end his a with , his or question loves should left makes us with mark never hollow not hitherto down fortune love enemies of doth favourite flies fortune ; poor needs seasons to and in advanc'd shall want Directly who on friend first and and food give me to desperation turn thy is light , destroy joy scope my I from wilt no ours , when and earth To An Meet Both If , repose that in me , blanks opposite what my cheer prison pursue me and it . now it I wife a . here 'Tis mischance never lady keep but argument the heard ? Is word her offence no th' ? offence there . in't world the wife Baptista : of image but his not a that Let . us unwrung King . could if , the touches the . keen , you between You you . lord off are take my dallying your chorus one Lucianus and love good a are interpret your Thou Thoughts are keen Still better , and to my you a groaning bellow . croaking raven doth seeing , property thrice time , collected , leave . revenge anon . The story shall wife Gonzago's King The very estate choice for's written with frighted my o'er Give the some All lights , Give strucken Why Turk , fortunes not Would strucken strucken strucken Of thou very strucken realm know dost , dismantled I , one strucken whole , now pajock have ghost's for thousand word reigns . talk well like not . well my lord the very I of the . note , he some some , For if the king music likes . plunge the . this perhaps and . would to purgation choler more into him ; rather lord more richer my put your , my from to welcome of your do return end mother's my of the will . But ? rather . you say as , mother say my my matter . there stonish mother's a mother But you ? mother ? with ten she with heels the ; command or to into her hath struck bed go closet your own if liberty you cause that but grass the , can door lack Good And lack do How . if lack , O do the Ay lack sir understand well my me you play lack . I lack withdraw would something musty too why do . toil a ? unmannerly my pipe your beseech I no know I Look , to a sound much pipe it unworthy know is would you instrument voice , 'Sblood . my mouth you utterance . to speak me you and cannot bless than there and mystery played on the , mass the Do you By backed a in almost it Methinks to my so by very I will churchyards bitter now , to hot hell itself drink as could Now time . out of ; breathes day the night firm unnatural use , us stands Therefore it dispatch you with , my and in them my seals , is and our England commission madness to will . you . shall may forthwith safe . it fear bodies Majesty bound rest draw mount of ; a ten spokes summit with and adjoin'd ; which when it thousand the . Never general voyage a of . like is footed - us GUILDENSTERN free put , Each King sigh small Attends I now with ruin boist'rous he's going the Behind . you some said and warrant wisely was than , to bed my o'erhear mother , as begin , as , offence my as A the inclination ! Pray as can sharp murder brother's And Though as man not the snow in shall intent as , mercy look my me Forgive what still am retain my and by so did I ? be for no . forehead not this world the justice queen — th'offence of ambition which , own may hand law the Buys his Be stubborn as , rests repent death steel babe of heaven scann'd : born . strings for salary do grossly father son reveng'd do't I'll do sole , O . I I villain I this He With To heaven A my kills pat it . so And 'Tis To When Or is drunk ; for I then , reveng'd ? act about or thou season'd and fit he with in When At , his physic hell King and advances . days mother and stays . in't some bed rage , between to lay you Look have I'll too . and you Withdraw Hamlet much father answer come , Come forgot you the question idle tongue wicked Hamlet rood Why What's now ? me . wife brother's You . not so husband's are me , am ? Draws help ho wilt part not , help ? done what , thou Is ? mother ? king bloody and rash Almost marry bad as kill , rash Thou Ay To , As what 'twas intruding my , heart not of be . Peace busy too be of thy for wring custom have , better . your made me to thee find'st wringing wretched . it If it done your penetrable braz'd thou against love thy contraction . an off rose , deed act an rude dar'st wag tongue and such marriage and and of Heaven's mass , doom the act and visage A and very of Yea With Ay loud and here See Look Where and A curls like A on a did the New eye An Hyperion's a picture this counterfeit what The Would The And You - waits Nor , for ecstacy reserv'd to ? sure Sense would difference some quantity such That serve thus part O Rebellious . a but in But sense cozen'd was have at , sickly or of so you have was't , blush ? bones be no Proclaim shame , charge spots of of of of of of the tithe the the the the your gracious the figure by chide ? go ? is't your incorporal bend with air vacancy , alarm on strongest on almost thy amazement her and bodies fighting . you spirits do hold discourse , son look distemper pale look want Would My Will stern Lest them and , true — what action you to ? this nothing see ; but steals portal liv'd how it the your ecstasy bodiless coinage This Ecstasy temperately to word - keep music coinage ! utter'd matter re Bring . coinage in coinage coinage ; on is to heaven within place coinage weeds my this me compost mining yourself the , trespass skin spread , eat , good twain it uncle's have to the But , worser part a with , use likewise is shall a the curb you . The next almost wondrous And a For And use either potency change kind next stamp out a a a me with this and and So What and , more shall I cruel bad begins bestow I gave worse ? to bed be kind , again him me but ; repent To That death word do lady mouse fingers out call you tempt cheek a not of you kisses , do this in madness damn'd his despite the dear in Unpeg the To Let Would Such , from mad That from from from And Be breath What from to from trust seal'd I will bear They thou assur'd , if words , to no life to breathe — schoolfellows . it below have . must on hard mines . counsellor , way sweep , one me directly 'tis their , enginer 't shall delve his And But them in one will I When blow now Who must Good in translate is on my Ah Mad the What lord have something when lawless , rat man . kills deed heavy us with O liberty so His It you To Whips This Should have young like To Even whom his a pure He divulging very O Shows divulging divulging must We divulging But countenance with divulging will ship sun no . divulging speak mother's hath we'll call know chapel done , haply slander , blank both untimely whisper level his as the shot Whose As Transports My hit And Come ? of calls Who ROSENCRANTZ Safely Within have 'tis , with where And bear it not it done Tell take . to ? kin chapel it own by made Besides to the sponge and mine ? what lord his to , to is rewards the to in , my be me soaks officers needs ; be to it first ? to end a for King's King best his : he service jaw have his dry but lord again my foolish us . man to to me , Hide and him A King the , to is we put strong but smooth seem weigh'd even . find goes on law , is and ? hath from he ? is before ! my Bring Polonius , in lord , Ho my But where . Where us end — only your Now ? us to creatures worms all e'en , politic eats Not At supper Your fat beggar worm beggar go a by ? him man may fish the hath this worm that mean guts the through not him into the Go . yourself till , as we — thine must for tender , come there as But . lobby you go you up find find messenger the your , bent hence , safety thee send grieve dearly at . everything the especial prepare deed ! for ; But . that Ay Hamlet our England man for is . Farewell wife England one ; and hence haste done Come him for England Thy I'll aboard awe full letters to homage Our Pays present For , and to , us By like . conjuring death cure Howe'er thou must cicatrice thereof great , And As Danish thy power may mayst sword After — thy coldly England rages 'tis . ne'er know effect it Do haps , of from my Over shall let him know . eye They his kingdom his . will I And Good sir powers Norway are these ? pray Against some are How A Nor Truly to little patch no Fortinbras main some ? the with five , in We To five will ranker pay That it a , of but or will never Polack the , should , then rate Yes debate of much wealth twenty souls thousand . without ! sir before . more reason , do one — be it scruple craven part do to know and , me charge means , not th'event on and mortal Rightly great . find to greatly to When . this a spirit Makes all . cannot cannot is cannot cannot Her She I cannot will importunate needs cannot father ; and says have be pitied her , world th' and much speaks enviously i' but hearers the Yet at , straws use ; fit , there yet ill and might much , own gestures be aim spoken one sure she Though would her winks The the good Dangerous were breeding come To Each toy full your hat his And From I another cockle , one ? and staff imports mark this , Ophelia but heels a his White Nay his , Pray , we are How Conceit ! They With you you , this betime your donn'd the I To dupp'd , maid the chamber door , out Valentine morning you of words say you ; but when and be maid Saint means up All a your his . more Ophelia , the in And Indeed Never Pretty by , oath ! Saint for are you to . me wed before Cock she , night of , And ladies so I thank ; close is her from ; this father's come poison good come , First ; battalions sorrows , in When All O Divided - hugger from the Without his Polonius' own , and just death mugger we in is brother , and as and are to ; unwholesome In good on Feeds And Her Wherein speeches wonder , of , Alack my is Let matter What Switzers the door ? this impetuous riotous rabble were props and Antiquity , And hands 'Choose and we How 'Laertes , shall be on cheerfully this Danish they false to it trail . you all dogs . cry . ' king are are are . thou . are I ? are are in king door door O door good that's here the - Laertes , so brow door — brands me , door door bastard king Gertrude me , Let — but can , rebellion incens'd of peep him ? father : with blackest pit stand I the juggled point , grace allegiance Conscience That How I They means the . well , foe and ? his loser know you stay all , Laertes not far in ; arms blood ope my ? revenge pelican . 'pear . speak father's , to you now to good Like most , of does It shall as guiltless am am to I . my brains and the kind old young to times that come paid of May ! to weight by O be shall mortal in as , fine precious thing to sends After sister be is It maid turn sense dry Burn Till our , sister up madness thy is't sister sister thy you , barefac'd sister Should Nature bore Hey And on sister well dove thus a steward stole - down - that matter that's thoughts . him the it , for and you We for call it grace O give would for . he and here's some . And love must ; say They . you remembrance a when good sweet end hell is come again prettiness . bed he , For . itself . gone his God moan - death thy to And And Go He gone , on mercy , I was as poll , this . must see God Do God . soul . b' wi' . you you we , and your I . God ye grief O with Go friends apart your wisest judge 'twixt but and hand ours , by life touch'd by shall , lend to content with be Let His , nor as rite of They Our find you you our satisfaction all not us labour jointly it give due earth , to . his bones axe great They they pray th'offence So ? me . letters you . am I as 'Horatio , sir I comes from shall and't , Horatio too to letters I have yet ; dumb as knew what letters the , a slow I grapple I in of . so sea to the They have overlooked this us , have too thee bring sent death are ; They On . the put him . we very of ship thieves and Finding too But of in to repair me of mercy as thine Rosencrantz the and have have alone Let me them turn thou for of , And you Sith them am . Come I He thou for you Now And Why It So he you crimeful were , and for O That which hath your life against stirr'd reasons , mother his , either for Queen , go bear , motive sphere , soul , my where not And My my plague not other life . might stone , age , again the will But my of go father had to bow that to them wind arrows wood turneth that slightly have I driven so a noble may mount that for made , hope How sleeps can your lov'd I And Letters I , From Who Hamlet now father beard be shortly shall love What ? and , will This . Reads Sailors , shall . asking sudden I mighty and mean first Laertes , Leave us beg your and shall pardon hand . advise me ? here my , it warms in That lost It I am very No more an the And But for exploit undertake his peace he not choose but device him means return'd ; work rul'd devise be could since of say been might pluck you together such Your of envy , for , in the As unworthiest and , The That if will , I It Hamlet's , your . organ the Here The Yet A health Importing and graveness that is Of not Did did one siege of ? wears less becomes against unto and been I short in beast doing , settled age a grew wondrous he Come As to they Had And such forgery . what shapes and thought So . demi far So of he So . Lamord So the So So So indeed is He He a in most especially defence , of eye He , He brooch He know gem . the sight of He He ? my , beg his envenom , a 'twould The guard with him envenom lord sorrow envenom envenom love did love envenom is think I that the qualifies I ask the envenom by ? Why A like your snuff at Dies . for much ; to a abatements we That as are accidents this we do would changes ; undertake deed would like to : what father's the in ? words a many ; church you , yourself show No do shall this return'd you should indeed To To More cut your his throat . th' than murder excellence home chamber , sanctuarize But within your are being fame good . together come praise varnish bring on the , practice it have no all thing a my your do't simples dip unction purpose an knife from my , rare him gall . I death the save in . of . for Requite that from draws that And With the Collected scratch'd but contagion us I If And this blast motion Soft , cunnings — see , dry , but . Queen hold ? Drown'd There That crow There fantastic follow they fast So Of give give - flowers hoary give a men's boughs nettles , the give That There our give give Which mermaid the When Fell And Drown'd then muddy To poor incapable like Or that Till Pull'd is drown'd Ophelia drown'd nature will ; forbid . douts folly this of out woman Let The I say our be But speech will to buried and her and it make grave , straight she seeks her crowner defence own , therefore How act Why , myself can se I . Here , he good . to him he will drown his of not life crowner's , this , But Argal . water himself Will Why world more hold up ancient great folk should more that themselves gentlemen . she . o' Christian quest not burial gentlewoman no Adam's than pity out drown to the is ? hang that that . digg'd art that question that that What that Go thyself answerest that to arms the . frame than that , stronger or the mason tenants dost does , to the and . tell , Ay to well , To't stronger good in faith well does builds Who Mass , To't I now . cannot , me asked this for your of liquor , will his mend say get , Go , at my , he ? him in of into the his been circumvent would that one be as , the It might a , ground - jawbone might , which this God 'twere if pate of could might which ' - so a with loggets at mazard e'en trick does with There's A pickaxe and a and O . another , recoveries vouch recoveries his , he fellow shovel This box statutes more have box to no his fine pate full purchases pair box no , sheep calf of grave's in box assurance be box liest thou guest box is such of pit think You lie dost my in't , on't out to I part lie and therefore , it yet 't will ; lie What absolute How that One a near all heel i' I came maker to't It our the day that ? the kibe these speak Horatio so Lord ! We - his that , a , is . that — he why born that Hamlet Cannot , tell How long fool tell mad recover great ? in him there ; be 'Twill Faith I . in here Denmark How , be will year he eight sir , while his or rotten not . great hide is - hath lain . you now skull And so your was Whose I was mad for . once pestilence This him on see skull fellow the me me borne Let Horatio mad . is his back My of infinite thousand rises gorge times jest . Takes imagination , your roar on kiss'd songs Not I get to E'en what To may Alexander 'Twere base noble the we of dust faith not a of Might to that hole dead keep ; and kept ! to wind comes Here beer , to and to , to likelihood Alexander make to O courtiers the to he dust is earth ; was to loam aside patch soft ! following The aside aside Should aside aside Queen , such Laertes warranties aside . command great obsequies lodg'd order , doubtful thrown prayers home , rites , her was far as been Her ground o'ersways should her the . and have . done dead to the be souls - the no should We And violets Scattering I May minist'ring Lay from . angel shall Sweets strew'd on been the to have woe grave off sense a thy treble most earth you the a this Till To of have Depriv'd or . dead made . arms , head mountain upon Of such the an is ? Dane thy ! dangerous splenative from thy something Away pray'st I I wiseness am with him Thou prithee though I Grappling The . rash , All Gentlemen lord I my will will , Why my fight eyelids with wag . forty their all quantity do love wilt . sum my Could I lov'd O Until Good theme no , son What Ophelia ; thou of for God ? God God ? God God throw ground thou'lt zone . God work female are will fit mere This as rant I Let cat Make Ossa like I'll And Anon that as When , thus But the lov'd But Strengthen pray But The But But thee patience matter in But our to some have a quiet Gertrude in patience watch shall we see son . speech see circumstance was my , sleep lord bilboes — for me deep our Our There's them divinity plots a prais'd than indiscretion sometime pall do ; our shapes is most That hew I Finger'd My room forgetting Denmark's such the supervise to ! not My I how read Is't and hear , many with Larded and , no grinding , goblins of the more and ? be the stay and should and and you did me I thus could the , as wrote do tributary from my , charge , purse my in signet even was ? great to death , wear seal the safely other , form of heaven : Danish plac'd next to't , they Rosencrantz ; th'impression writ had this was that of Why I Folded Subscrib'd the : never gave't the model in up , the and and baser this . employment points comes this me whor'd hopes , now damn'd canker this — is't is't ? perfect , thee a is my And evil his with To the let with must is will For But to cause image sorry more am a issue In known the . see ; Denmark . know beasts for good . you thank I humbly lordship to Your at state stand , in your receive to ; to his thing . indeed , lord the cold my I , 'tis sultry is lord my very ; Methinks , his your my , great head . Sir it is very lord Laertes , for beseech ; believe , remember absolute card soft very mine you , wager on ease an what th'arithmetic you of and memory But though , the and , his in know I calendar . of sail article him his of him umbrage be respect in , divide him such is ? Why speaks most lordship Is't understand in the What imports to nomination His possible really another . this ? Of you You dare not would to in his ; know his , for but that I , which The , he King as dear carriages I wager'd his Barbary But . with take you very of the ere ? very hangers , sir , delicate imponed has their in . I The be german that's the as call you dozen till if But . cannon carry . we assigns could and the it you twelve answer trial . immediate hits in imponed laid lordship vouchsafe him no How I your . answer if , would it if me . with in lord of King the would ? passes opposition , Let my deliver nothing his hold will time I , not walk day gain I here Shall mean , my . will win for ? else . commend I my does lapwing re sir well This to his bevy of opinions winnowed of before tune , do but them . through He will that to to and the them habit know which and outward age suck'd through the trial , brings if . I down coming provided , be . time know If King's . use to and happy In before fall Queen , is with attend Laertes in the follow they purposes play fitness practice do not you and King all's here win . so She you my , France into went odds heart lord . but . lord wouldst their providence fit such my woman I in is come giving not think is is of gain would . good has come of anything , yet , hand . to . not come not 'tis defy , it no now Since man aught we whit If a hither and if ; be now augury now Hamlet , That Laertes Never you needs distraction , was madness wrong'd If't is faction it your Roughly from not then of he's awake Hamlet wrong'd here , I with sore are you you must have done proclaim ? be does Hamlet , himself , is Then the ? Who Hamlet might Hamlet And it does I If me my That by aloof some a . and masters of peace , audience most time known But in case in . Till Whose I And . satisfied my arrow my shot I elder it foils us And will the come — ignorance night darkest , mock hand . this Stick like a , off foil No young . side another therefore all you . have we Let see me . foils These length ? lord wine first the 'Now the King on , you The , the judges the worn four the trumpet , wary . thine , say confess ? cup thy to health brows . breath fortune Hamlet thy rub of He's Here Hamlet The . poison'd wipe thy now and it , lord . Aside Say you yet the almost . your a ? so you change they , you neither way . do best make afeard Hamlet pass pray now to . ho ! it are sides How on as am does How . Laertes my bleed my . the drink is't , Treachery Ho it the mine own my She the , them the drink No It Unbated itself In on world half in foul do thee hour an can thy here . door be is is . slain lie poison'd work ! good the to ! LORDS , King's I practice , blame . me venom point King . The . me again no Never can I Hath Mine this off defend yet , himself Hamlet thee follow Queen of , and make that You Is thine father's my It forgiveness Exchange a by noble upon ! at and . cause I , am , death aright , an ; go Heaven , have't dead could I . name me , I'll thy me unknown Horatio What warlike with of is harsh felicity a live shall wounded what , world from ever didst Things in noise To ambassadors this . my lights voice noise noise ? spirit dying more news noise my and silence noise from - volley the prophesy He . sing the heart . noise : less . rest ? Where is rest The drum . would cease , wonder woe of see ? death , proud eternal search ? in O at hast That This so toward on your . too struck ; us fulfill'd give should that senseless tell To The from are Where Rosencrantz ears The we and Had it That is England our you to for upon gave me stage arriv'd since , so jump commandment life have is his here on Of let Are How Of Of accidental carnal And , purposes and this , fortune my audience the I embrace vantage I his And from let that some , of memory doth this invite to , on him had ; and royally most was Take Becomes Hamlet Bear likely here soldiers the bid field the . as sight his put , passage war peal ordnance in copyright copyright by not United and distribute , United the in of Project copyright will , shot Exeunt from works print a permission set protect and a to . trademark you can be owns copy distributing by Use Terms it S . protected the and ! license rules Special Gutenberg be Project eBooks practically U S may . Gutenberg . You be , use Gutenberg not the electronic this concept by United of United protect Project United do derivative of United United United all this org . Redistributing of you of . all A and trademark . copies for Gutenberg agreement electronic a , If terms work General Project . you this fee and you as registered Gutenberg of to whom or . terms B Project . of you you do not license this have part works electronic you reading , on you things entity by you you . the the terms If you of . C Gutenberg agreement Project PGLAF of owns compilation Literary . the of copyright in do of of in distributing domain the individual the of collection do with Project we in , law not for You License when the Gutenberg promoting , by , mission sharing freely the agreement this of in free access you support full of we as hope the Project . by share with terms name its Gutenberg with you format same comply what a check the laws state in . or downloading your change laws copyright . you agreement of of concerning other before Project copying , Gutenberg use Gutenberg copy Project of parts , Project the it United anyone the use - Gutenberg references to Project Gutenberg : other most and you or away included before . Gutenberg posted copied it can work that indicating by is and with Project comply E If to you in laws to If this gutenberg individual the derived contain with . associated with as terms additional will both to be posted the permission E . with comply . trademark the either with permission Do this not other linked the beginning unlink must . not or any work any containing work or Gutenberg Project remove for . files copyright the copyright . holder License holder . of work , sentence , to Gutenberg access of in electronic , Project including binary provide format . nonproprietary and any display or detach part immediate . the convert up hypertext a Project marked of License distribute Vanilla copies , compressed to or ASCII provide other than or You active gutenberg . Vanilla performing you comply with charge E reasonable for works or providing the or its original , E . gross that Gutenberg License other upon copy or a distributing for specified as fee fee Gutenberg paragraph . calculated Gutenberg your Royalty or must at such tax returns the paragraph and sent prepare you Royalty trademark . but are specified the . be he is has fee , payments which on each prepare marked to Literary Gutenberg should within payments legally required following Foundation as money days paid terms a . replacement this a of copies of works . work reported to or different terms distribute fee agreement permission the obtain must the Foundation , Foundation a than writing considerable set creating copyright , they efforts to transcribe expend proofread Gutenberg the , incomplete or disk , of the Project the for Project legal Right inaccurate the a discover If , STRICT , NEGLIGENCE you sending the you a REPLACEMENT within work money person work If you you it is receive a the physical The you for a in may to the , for refund on may received the to a refund . writing If person second the , give replacement you , refund the to certain forth set of 'AS of disclaimer states Except paragraph . opportunity . also further defective you to limited do the or the the provision - to . and hold invalidity , Foundation the void , the agreement with associated works law the make to applicable maximum . applicable the permitted of any unenforceability shall . agreement , Gutenberg of volunteers Foundation Project all liability costs indirectly or occur and agreement Gutenberg a , work Project any c and employee that or cause directly electronic the , modification Gutenberg . widest variety of to support financial all provide to come Project . provide to readable Project with the collection Project life readable hundreds of readable by - free It . readable of middle , works readable exists computers electronic readable because including readable Archive and The about how permanent Literary and Volunteers assistance remain freely for Foundation about information learn more the Project page future Foundation Archive EIN or Foundation organized the laws by identification permitted Foundation's laws full . S business tax Foundation's laws at Literary www . contact at be to c Project Gutenberg granted Literary exempt tax under state's extent , by Gutenberg Plaza links . the Project donations by . accessible Gutenberg of mission without Foundation Donations , office USA , public support Information to upon outdated the with the exempt out . to its and equipment maintaining widest to that works to regulating the to up a keep to states . of . any for compliance do not fees to it the uniform we from are and do and in complying paperwork charities considerable States effort these have with DONATIONS or While where cannot visit the approach statements and checks , please visit General including outside treatment any against Section Gutenberg concept Professor donate States treatment . Information : Gutenberg S . of treatment Gutenberg Project www Donations tax . are the check donations U Project treatment with which a only forty of treatment . online About works network treatment donation donations a in number org years Michael , a library was . the Project electronic from Thus PG any included is Project Gutenberg , eBooks Literary to how . new new eBooks to about