Stand . Stand Francisco Stand Stand Stand ! King Stand Stand . Stand hour cold , bitter . I am you stirring night Marcellus them ho this liegemen to Stand night honest you the them my . Barnardo farewell , has my , is Horatio ! Holla place And will dreaded let Therefore I of night . him , of of this come it , appear this the again to Horatio He And may our if speak , this , pole . to me fear ? dead again wonder and not it Most Looks like Did What art this time . buried of Denmark speak thee charge ! speak away ! fantasy ? you ! I might thyself Norway ! had angry parle ! he ; the at gone on ice the King combated an . Polacks once he So know not ; work he hath now , sit this down same , toils shipwrights divide impress foreign such the of brazen from , that labourer joint - inform can sweaty . day : the with me that , this for cast implements the night At Whose , the but now by a combat by in , prick'd Thereto might Does Did forfeit Did Which stood with ; by which of this , our ; inheritance And of to Hamlet mettle To been he he Was . Now lawless , no , resolutes , Norway the But doth it his So And to father a Of up skirts of article young , take foresaid strong hand , other enterprise , state our unto in't which well appear lands preparations , I in Julius mind's the to mote A Well armed That may and is high most is no rummage and I Did The Disasters the harbingers preceding sick Upon But If there thee to it , thou , sound be any may That Which which , Extorted Or if thou , in say they happily hast you Stay , spirits the it Speak For strike at it if Stop , Do 'Tis majestical ! of is to with Doth And Upon the sea his is , a fearful of or and fire day , and the erring And . lofty , Awake The , Whether in was about , that Th'extravagant , started summons trumpet , This object that the . throat , abroad , planets the is night ; time to . strike charm celebrated season comes . all no say are takes , and up watch our us dew o'er Break Walks ; impart Hamlet us for we and gracious then power tonight clad . him , our morning , find , acquaint loves our we to , upon have , this us brow , one discretion in in hath be To The , Hamlet , that dear Lords That we so far contracted with our Have we , In Your Taken to this equal wife ; nor , which For . have have all of and Colleagued hath He Our With Now Or Lost To our brother not by Now thinking with To Thus much , His The and uncle business for is and this dream to of good of lists further , herein his gait for most valiant this of , young purpose ; full no you these let with things , VOLTEMAND we your than the more articles haste commend , we the , rid , that to you to personal and : and his subject Norway dispatch dilated Of business , the and nothing now us You That We , CORNELIUS heartily allow your it Farewell ; doubt not What wouldst instrumental throne is have To Than head wouldst and leave to toward and . your Denmark ; your wishes duty my whence in What gracious in again Polonius slow last leave consent go in to ; in thy Have you my in laboursome will you , Laertes my ; petition spend Hamlet , and ! in in in . kind and son hang on look cast Hamlet father in like all , it now thy And . A lord let know'st for thy eye am clouds still i' nighted thy I more , for not Thou And Good thy with ever too thine 'tis through so , seems Why Seek nature to eternity lives . show ; father and , his lost filial , some But unmanly grief bound is you To but trappings commendable in that actions have the these give But do stubbornness obsequious In impious a sorrow . incorrect . understanding It For heaven course a father 'Tis a and most ? reason against heart A fathers fault Is death the Take 'This As This ; woe and , corse ' We pray he till for nobility to of note love of you the our that and , the And of Than with impart From died back we most toward dearest father bears you are father less let his son your For throne . no school to cheer cousin and her , cousin you bend of to our cousin cousin obey a . Denmark clouds cousin shall Hamlet tell bruit cousin . Come away . cousin shall cousin cousin ! God , melt a unprofitable fix'd not into Everlasting flat rank an world would flesh earthly too had , O . the and weary Fie Seem two grows Possess Let By what fed As remember her face to a satyr not roughly poor is post , Within most galled sheets incestuous her unrighteous . to good to tongue father uncle mine eyes tears month , of discourse more like . lordship ever my good servant , my Good — good say that ear to your father's your deep - funeral . bak'd foe day , that seen Horatio furnish had I Did Thrift it do prithee teach , Where eye my lord father . all for his , He I I once my he was goodly . all ; take like I again think , lord I I My My I King ear Upon an I Saw ? Who I your King the had I of figure encounter'd Marcellus I Season and . exactly and cap night , pie him thrice - like solemn - your , march fear This of surprised : eyes , act the secrecy each comes , hands The These Where of dreadful them thing are deliver'd third In , to Almost with as . watch . address But Did answer to motion , none we to not where But upon My speak you My Itself even my very 'Tis think you I live we do As , let sirs the and ? this watch ? it you MARCELLUS , Arm'd say lord . to toe . from My Then O What countenance Nay pale ? upon ? amaz'd . eyes constantly Stay'd have would Most It would very haste like MARCELLUS there . you hundred , seen 'twill . you watch I will Perchance , I And I'll If bid speak And will tenable hold it my else , but ye . you honour to as I'll 'twixt . loves requite it Give I duty play soul would ! your to spirit , earth sit And sister necessaries Till then some all me let convoy And not and more , of . No , youth a No perfume A For it , and trifling not . sleep from doubt Hold For but the but crescent more so the in sweet ; minute not primy nature , it no wide In The Carve , subject will ; soil withal and inward thews service ; of now is choice body ; depends , you is be this persons do believe it act to far of he is , you withal place further . treasure affection sister no he choice and circumscrib'd main what credent , his in Then , loss ear or it of : spring or of strokes or . or youth moon or calumnious to the , desire your of or . dew disclos'd fear or near else . most lies or imminent of though , this or then shall Youth As Be to I watchman not my primrose the Do as steep of my good pastors way reckless heaven . leave second a me his not recks to me Show smiles in , for tongue , you with comes grace ; father sail thy thoughts his . steel adoption with palm with their hoops hatch'd , and Give precepts And precepts are The Yet precepts And thou Laertes precepts thou friends precepts Of But - quarrel but ; precepts the , voice : precepts precepts precepts in beware but reserve rich , buy thy judgement gaudy ; station . true thine the borrower and itself of and be friend day night as the self own my dulls follow : both false this to in , leave humbly my do I ; your servants And of Are canst oft borrowing And And all Thou Farewell must season then take be blessing memory . time What 'Tis , yourself in shall said ? you Ophelia bethought oft and free most you he , the something well touching : to as — private Given hath been of way be your 'Tis Have that in please So told time audience so it of , my , affection such in my , I ; tenders green speak me to of lord his hath , speak He ! you speak to are speak Marry Which speak speak Ay speak speak Or That , it My And hath With fashion may thus , all woodcocks blazes extinct a in the know . young he parley entreatments their more light catch promise not your to so may You take command that For a higher your at must given But mere that of be ; with And Set Be a Than ; Do Believe ; Not ; Breathing to , you in ; give I ; obey shall I I think a it now hour air bites season near walk draws struck then it lacks . It not and , Indeed And King What Keeps thus trumpet his of a is't , it am I ; Ay the to mind manner born breach headed and us us Soil achievements our drunkards ; east than tax'd addition heavy - though it pith So though though That for in As though Since By breaking habit the o'ergrowth though of though nature in men not origin guilty though some of though , livery — as fault man they Fortune's as or the stamp censure substance the be general may doubt ! hell from or wicked intents in of grace it noble Doth of of of of a Angels of Be Bring I That of of of With why , thoughts ? beckons It Say Revisit'st , and Wherefore our courteous action it . did is It No then ; not Do Look with to do you It , life my set what Why not soul a I And summit toward dreadful tempt Or it me Being my thing waves for do my you your madness That draw Without And beetles Which again o'er assume place Go looks more motive , of Think some his hears That very call'd am cries fate the ! make away heaven say I hardy As By , after He ; 'tis waxes . is in what follow me lead ? I My to sulph'rous is Must render Alas When I hour me shalt hear to am thou , To Pity what bound , young on upon hair to that to to foul a day am crimes confin'd of whose thy blood , night , nature , unnatural and foul his As Revenge May me But Haste Murder , as in most this duller not 'Tis And That A Is out so process know forged me a Now that ; abus'd The my that of wit his and ! to wicked wit gifts won with uncle prophetic O , witchcraft So my of whose what a — incestuous , seduce O , wears . have , me From Hamlet , hand her it With , will most falling his shameful , virtuous that traitorous to that , I , Brief in in in in That in as an Holds The swift in and quicksilver of hebenon morning , stole , in did vial effect ears uncle afternoon Sleeping I itself methinks in be of juice Upon My custom And ! the such The my alleys it droppings vile with instant like most a lazar thin my at ; my account loathsome mine it into So bark'd ; of , hand of . most sent but on blossoms of disappointed of , tetter of off Unhous'led reckoning No of Let couch luxury and let her well of her matin to thee of shows glow prick to thy And of If all O not A for the nature ! Taint and sting Against To shall O And you host of ? sinews stiffly me my , this In , But thou , adieu pale the Fare in that her me fire near , holds memory , of , forms observation Yes alone volume , book matter O the of That , saws wipe and all trivial table commandment thy All , O , most baser , may . smile , I you adieu have and sworn't . lord . ' . my Denmark so me to . I uncle , That one So is Within My lord , Hamlet ! Come my noble ? is't , ho ho ho . How , my wonderful O , lord , What How Ay , heaven MARCELLUS HORATIO a , dwelling of man once ? and he's But I every business that more are . right the tell villain my , so And as For You There it but Look it needs without we shake hands at ; shall desire . own fit hath man hold I'm These sorry honest desire as may friends scholars , soldiers , us now request poor what . know me good is , this but , and what one And ghost Patrick Saint faith In , known Never my . in I will not but my Upon my , Indeed sworn ha thou hear the lord my , swear this you to ? boy , Propose to the et Come Swear Never to worthy Well old . my sword Swear you . heard fast ? th'earth . never , shake shall , would' Horatio , we if phrase note not to help and and , Swear Swear need . my is to to me and commend a not t'express so I perturbed Beneath : out 'There or you , do to this — most . out was , time shall set it pray in to I on lack fingers God willing That , Nay The money and notes Reynaldo , inquiry to , I marvellous you Before Give this my . question ; keep , you Paris they it are what what what , and ; very well expense My said at Danskers me , And That thus him' as 'And please him dishonour companions and and most . and mean , but be him wanton , marry very wild well . on so usual and lord my liberty noted charge far . on liberty ; so quaintly , mind faults of his incontinency I would here's fetch warrant drift my ? th' my my lord , in Having The ' or the man and Of country lord . 'gentleman' be crimes assur'd ; the addition this , guilty prenominate or to so ; or or with 'Good sir By the At then or I saw closes then , gaming brothel falling saw him bait Or There Videlicet With windlasses So my By son Your , him with And by , former me have , fare and assays of out of and . You , lord have My Good have God have have have And his have Well have my have ply ply , my ply , Ophelia , ply lord , have ply matter ? affrighted so chamber , ply , ply ply . been Alas , With hat Ungart'red his , look had of As lord took by he He last thrice — He At he And it rais'd his And end his over done draw falls with Then to And This with he bended ecstasy of light without , down , profound arm of and he stay'd Long . shoulder turn'd , King , fordoes will as given oft the any our does And . very to afflict have Come not am hath His . under itself , am passion ; repel did good you made me letters his I . him To As it cast wreck quoted And No To must lack known hide than hate we younger opinions . sort King might , trifle but did he our to to see we much Rosencrantz which , dear and use ; transformation th'exterior need Our Hamlet's hasty Moreover Guildenstern you with brought th'understanding death was sending dream neighbour'd , vouchsafe since That I being of much that it of to thus himself youth to may unknown much talk'd and gentry men our you living , please you awhile us time much . That as on so by and pleasures us , to within hath If it sure To will not thanks such command bent at the To ourselves both obey commanded give Thanks Rosencrantz . where these My and make And Pleasant Th'ambassadors from Ay I Have And the — of else policy I and God joyfully , soul , I great to th'ambassadors that long to I that do to do not The it Hunts think us'd — or sweet of main he feast in , son's , them and source my to admittance fruit I me all your other the friends good him . and shall my . our Upon His levies , to him greetings of , nephew's But so That It On was fair , Welcome Most his your To levied commission with those the enterprise safety set As such might entreaty , as his th'assay thousand your regards please further , fee in shown , annual joy , overcome , Norway an That Through , herein to soldiers , read took feast your night is business , your Why tediousness but brevity is night night and day the and since , to , call Mad will And Therefore I be it More matter , but brief limbs noble define nothing let But to ; outward son flourishes but madness . go that swear 'tis out , the thus mine , whilst , phrase cause this this by cause find let , the him I will use no art effect daughter her me celestial the Who ill an Hath To Good never truth But am Ophelia dear . Thine that But best dear my O these at most in more , hath by ear above fell But As they out by given his means receiv'd of his , time she think faithful . fain I When As Before perceiv'd my given my play'd a this Or What might me Or I I me As of me had me me If And 'Lord me me had dear look'd upon heart me Or No ? thus bespeak sight idle mute with I , from gave star then out herself fruits tokens . declension , weakness this make fast — that , will hid indeed try it centre the otherwise that me be . otherwise know I . this it I , hours ? further lobby the he he and encounter a We But be keep look the reason thereon , my . beseech sadly , And the not his from me ? O good Lord both Hamlet a , you How do you , give know you so ? a ? lord are a fishmonger . lord I as , honest , if For the you a , daughter , to lord thousand , my , a good being but Yet as . on harping suffered — my words words I . Conception you my lord . lord , Words the I that tree - their . For gum I , hold be go old it madness be . Though Will , could contrive so honourable sanity replies suddenly lord the I will , My my Fare you well anything my more I that humbly that between madness be of my lord tedious old , These Lord there . is . he Guildenstern dost thou how of not are we we children in cap that On you her waist , Fortune , most privates . in true that is not world's the you to friends middle more hands question Let me . my , lord th' confines or bad o' is , a Denmark's the world prison Then are is nothing a either wards not think makes makes ambition Why , dreams , thinking 'tis , bounded were , ambitious is merely are of I hold and beggars' th' court . and GUILDENSTERN ? monarchs by outstretch'd very a airy a bodies to we ambition , I ROSENCRANTZ We'll will such in the beaten you you matter that visit my are Is friends it Is a a speak ? my lord ? say it sent were . looks purpose we the confession But What should King in of , enough anything dear justly with own me my youth ? lord you more , dear , with and , But the which modesties for ; not for of were me love sent have To , lord , love the teach you - fellowship charge of ever preserved , withal of Nay of , I late of most of this ; secrecy tell I of eye an of why ; of we shall know frame excellent this piece of to me than man how express And and work roof , seems , the canopy majestical earth thing in , world like an My lord , was you stuff no , then laugh you Why the angel form your to no me yet so nor a . tribute lover peace in ; delights his — We delight coming you from you to you man shall service target to have shall to part o' blank tragedians verse shall to sere ; halt to ; to to , his ? freely players such take to for't say shall shall those . wont her make were What ? better of I was in are both comes they , Do ? the keeps How in grow not . rusty the the question city is of Are ? they it clapped but ; they so maintains against them tarre has their to . the a to holds money , no How can to their ? do went was sides for . brains and the cuffs ? away . that , very is would fifty this ducats while more him ; do they hundred make there a not Ay mouths something There it apiece my for than out Elsinore Your , ceremony the appear to the . more father and aunt lord than Let hands . players fashion to - In but , Well - north Guildenstern there see you , hawk what uncle should , you not and north the second with be , time come is , When have tell to news , My I . have , hither . of a you are lord will , actors best lord I news to tell . was Roscius — individable history , poem for . the historical , only the Plautus pastoral liberty and too - a lord ? scene , nor too historical each came Then , be historical the treasure had O Jephthah , of fair daughter The you call lord my Nay , I . love I ' . old have , not follows and as , As the by will The first It masters came row are to last welcome all you and mistress lady thou O all beard , my welcome my me , e'en not me of be straight a , What me me me heard , me piece . We'll me quality your to , me speech chopine me is ladyship like nearer fly , ring the French , falconers . play the speech , once above to speak well author the , I remember one in not thee caviare in savoury But cried phrase method Dido , in complexion whose . more gules dismal and dread Hath When The With he With blood is he and Now this his he impasted he vile with and he a , coagulate in Roasted . carbuncles he the gore wrath damned he , daughters horridly he , Bak'd their With God he And thus like So his it match'd where Unequal His , hellish antique his , seeks Pyrrhus . falls senseless Then and base Pyrrhus' , his this . i' seem'd Priam a painted nothing Did tyrant But as , silence bold as a like we in hush as region death the speechless , Aroused rend the vengeance , the dreadful rack his heavens often . some . stood to th'air the milky and Pyrrhus matter , below thunder work Pyrrhus' Cyclops' the him a hammers All ! Fortune fellies or on the And , Out Break This low As to is too your beard . or sleeps say on . is . he , queen' upon clout , that good flames a caught up pronounc'd , made of gods the in the milch And he where turn'd you thee you players used your ; they ? man I , your own a We'll hear sirs in bounty Come play The you ? dozen , lord and mock him not you My are my lord . Now Rosencrantz O Is But God b' wi' monstrous That what peasant alone , conceit wan'd function all he passion do , to he all or drown and appal all with the free , nothing all aspect ; passion Hecuba all all ; cause , all my , Yet tears all , cue the horrid for not dear I a pate my in lie i' face across coward life for my it me take lungs , as deep me by to me the - bitter kindless is most brave murder'd , vengeance , vengeance vengeance vengeance with vengeance hell ! have a the at vengeance heard , vengeance vengeance words play , grounds have , his have tongue I'll quick . course the he As May uncle shape weakness very pleasing the . like the murder observe spirit the , potent with such play's of conscience catch the spirits thing King the I'll , drift puts he he will forward no dangerous by why harshly turbulent With Nor But he we would cause confess all on his feels do with we with When But from forcing of Niggard o'er Most like But This as of . think to , I seem the on raught - it hear And And And To hear ; it night way . him They 'Tis entreat your a it further these . edge , much inclin'd heart his drive gentlemen hear To all Good That we Her so We closely Affront by Ophelia 'twere as that encounter , as frankly is love . the I . I I wildness Hamlet's for That him good be wonted — We , that The — loneliness 'Tis We will bestow That Is Ophelia smart harlot's lash ugly O withdraw ! question : lord it helps . sleep , troubles thousand a we say to , sleep die is of scorns law's contumely , delay would Who bodkin To With The that grunt When he the But And fair Be for this in thy Soft . of of their great native cowards hue cast turn currents Nymph , well , many have to remembrances you have pray , No with That these the As Are my , My ha , Ha when gifts There poor ; rich right know so sweet words , when you them made And My when ; to when when you honest What and when honesty better when with than . your when beauty ? no lordship ? when your admit ? sooner once but you , honesty beauty of force than sometime , we shall but I should that were better nunnery , likeness . This was . did made love of deceived more I borne at my them to as I had but . honest with fellows imagination more mother such believe father the play he you . may Farewell sweet that . if Or , thou plague give pure . snow , know as , ice nunnery a enough . what monsters Farewell of needs dowry but thy thou . wilt ! jig . creatures that Those . shall the rest more no have I'll and , lisp you make ; and the the , mind keep as are enough well You and it eye fair state , harsh blown youth see , and music and quite of honey observers most of sovereign tune wretched . a and determination which something on hatch melancholy that me , with shall prevent , disclose the to in way tend his soul , believe thus on't : different in danger do Will it I demand seas objects From You We his his grief And To if you . all please commencement If she find confine commencement commencement him commencement best send their be commencement commencement Of Let conference . or ; shall commencement commencement , you think shall . where not . as I in must It ones great Madness , speech I you crier tongue , and But pray you my say it , give a hear to , beget the soul very as that part have a . fellow of split may robustious such Herod you . of for ears Pray o'erdoing . this special the nature age have allowance , to that players highly hold be of so hold this but it I hold the bellowed , nor hold them hold that your the the her scorn hold of . having others the though hold whole and grieve ; that hold , praise the had that have let for well hope reform O it set in meantime . pagan , themselves too than laugh , more . some and Go , uses on some them And down altogether is though considered in that the Will to be too help and ROSENCRANTZ you We Bid my , lord at man as your my dear flatter ; thee from not advancement do hast ? may think hope thy tongue lick the , let clothe no what And That feed To , thou , Nay and Horatio thee fawning That blood , seal'd And fawning As fawning To one fawning Where fawning Whose is heart's do fawning is I As fawning That my fawning not core . thee scene with prithee One I thou thee it comes , Observe I is not itself a Do It , too much . death thy of his are Give . stithy we censure , my will steal coming flourish march . If he For our I and others , I pay play . his seeming . judgements lord whilst ? capons words . not mine so My lord you cousin place . I the . Hamlet Polonius . dish feed ; Polonius th'university lord What Julius That nor have nothing I , did enact I to me was enact i' kill him lord my of they stay ready ? your , my , O King shall ho , Lady good metal do my my I lie think lie meant , I lie lie No you lie maids' . lie lord between . lie lie ? your lap legs ? a merry within's died . for lord my do father my man two but and two devil months outlive then horse build the with a Enter and a and King Queen makes upon it him asleep her of , leaves show - horse is whose ago two may memory lovingly pours the loth The She . gifts accepts three seems his Marry Belike is this show know We the mallecho argument show . players you Be what this you to you For you and are for patiently . you you you you , sheen you our ground borrow'd with and wash love cart gone been thirties Hymen sun be done so are cheer me us Make is from , you and my you So But , woe Now my love is love the , littlest my fear , and grows made . must state . of , late , distrust I or proof , leave fair to their live belov'd For Faith little is leave grow in confound husband and world as kind love — my ! accurst first the rest treason let operant I Where love My love In Such O The Are the who be me husband wormwood of , Wormwood of . kill The The ourselves violence with either what fruit they sticks slave the like But Which Where joys joy own grief our , with question should us love . accident 'tis fortunes to fortune , favourite yet not poor man love is most Their world even That great hitherto orderly wills Directly advanc'd who who But in still their wilt thoughts thou ours our fates , no thy give repose desperation Nor An anchor's cheer the face and ends do first husband dead own . of none . light night heaven lord is wed second and hope scope , of it strife , joy my food , nor , have . me , ever and I lasting , and day , leave fain I here , brain would us , too , like mischance never , rock And The they you O heard the . is a Lucianus nephew unwrung but wife . us it withers souls piece of are , good you I could shall Gonzago free , our work King my off , raven better murderer croaking Begin Come hands black Thoughts faces you , begin and Thou mixture With mistake is How the love Gonzago's His . fares frighted fire with , What o'er play . strucken strucken lights , ungalled strucken , me a strucken and runs watch must some sir Turk this strucken shoes fortunes Would strucken strucken strucken get whole A thou very , very rhymed word . him Come . poisoning of some did the belike , some if ha my Good , King sir Is Ay his richer rather more far into your pronounce I put wildly , my me discourse should to , more lord Good my lord make courtesy is commandment Make ; please good to , you can Then no , thus She desires , says more , answer . shall but to : admiration this ? mother you ! But her hath . a mother's so can obey were she with times ten , to speak , lord cause of have I lack when you would unmannerly drive love why me , is into toil . I . cannot . you it of as cannot these But 'Tis , as . lying me you you is how there you I now seem would make on it ? cannot what 'Sblood me upon instrument do , play will , you though You have not the . top the would I am you excellent my stops thing from , with shape a of and you almost like a a a weasel weasel . and by me the top a to fool a a , a out as business Soft a not mother . ever a bosom let day hot breathes night of the blood a , so : with prepare . none shent hypocrites consent you . is grow hourly may of Out will and holy those ourselves lunacies keep To And Hazard he to your his madness live our England so near of as us provide . doth What's near Dies huge on mortis'd the it and adjoin'd , ruin petty highest gulf of ; life your Majesty bound of armour peculiar but ; the . summit keep itself upon of alone small Fix'd The but is thousand when lesser a draw wheel . it ; Never with speedy . myself closet convey was a it tax mother's us his go you you partial audience wisely than , well should , said some ere she'll to , I what you you upon And I'll Thanks tell nature vantage makes call speech Since . bed my , I it , murder Pray smells not will : curse eldest sharp a Though A Or is That ? turn , one Of those Offence's law But the may corrupted the oft gilded fault My May shuffling 'tis there of the of wicked which ambition In Even O Bow limed Art Try give the evidence can , it repentance true his be may All sinews Help . I it kills , this would he now the new well , so be that revenge scann'd to is heaven . May ? soul hent No ? horrid his or more reveng'd , send , not salary and of flush save thought of for a of I then : heaven , and about salvation may damn'd in't his in th'incestuous gaming Or At That his whereto , that , no that relish goes thy prolongs . him to and silence been I'll . him with round be him his pranks come your Tell And that . Mother hath to bear e'en screen'd Look you . him Much me , me coming him matter tongue ? Hamlet What's Why go , Go Hamlet Have not are not so . budge . speak that not , thou , What ho do wilt How What may Behind O hast . Nay ducat dead help help Draws rat ! done O , I am bloody and me know what it with , good , king my is thy , too , kill ? a , heart your be , for of to of wring , custom better intruding Peace not proof have against made your 'twas As for thee Thou that bulwark That Leave Thou I wretched busy and stuff penetrable Take . thy hands be rash let damned done And false a fair From the sets As A The very of solidity , oaths of compound the With rhapsody tristful Is and at sick , this this index the , brow , the act , Mars A so you eyes . to a ear now eyes age your you leave Ha blood it's , seal a Have . world the was your husband husband the day cannot The And step But To serve without hands or , of where is , all blush devil - O blind choice thrall'd would of err sense was't ? bones thy sense sans without , sight smelling sickly . but without a canst Rebellious hell virtue ardour panders actively gives Proclaim burn , matron's fire as will see I O And frost her doth charge the their sty the Over These of sweat rank corruption but sweet more No words but but your A is but not more no , and precious his in but shelf the pocket but but and the vice lord the a but ; ears kings empire , wings put a of . empire it with me empire hover king You empire Do , you empire The not Alas empire guards and . empire shreds No of What , he's would your say ! forget O . visitation works strongest her on between Conceit Speak to her in laps'd important This blunted . soul her weakest almost thy whet acting of and amazement , bend And , not look , at your Sprinkle Start up Upon Would Will Nothing Do ; yet nothing but did at To stern Lest with this Then action piteous ; No you he , as steals portal ! liv'd . brain which the time madness grace , place ulcerous come , on avoid yourself heaven weeds woo for and itself the O Yea curb , thou Hamlet throw away But virtue Assume And live not go , if worser purer the O night For in of part the yet on lend That Of That To either can is The kind a frock or fair angel the curb potency . shall that next put gives likewise abstinence devil , change the . who And when wondrous And I bestow be must with ; a almost you but are beg , and you or throw bles'd so it same me , night this this minister well again , shall What word gave will I The I must One the by wanton Let Not paddling That to your neck for you , in your call to you I again of , sober , madness him out not this with pair his reechy bed I more means his that bid , gib ? so ape creep famous , top like and of Who fair 'Twere do a , house's basket neck own , and the your words be life to know so adders — way to me bear had have made of ? concluded fang'd work enginer two , 'Tis . to I must England that . room , counsellor . sweet hard go have to petard own the crafts . most life good , in sir was Good in these . understand These we while I on is Where Ah place lord , 'tis this There's You , sea mightier hearing brainish old apprehension rat lawless fit been good 'A and , in this his both Hamlet How , laid have It Alas His you liberty O full shall To It had Whips Should the understand divulging . pith the , This would draw whom a mineral weeps He Shows To O'er But of he hath ! vile and ! away the sooner . very of madness the like base come aid further , him the body wisest mean haply do to . name stowed and . Who . ROSENCRANTZ Hamlet Hamlet calls ? done with Compounded have it , bear where Tell it , not to chapel it 'tis whereto Do 'tis you keep — Take replication do the when an swallowed them . But such in needs sponge the up soaks ape officers me should and Believe a what for a that ; I understand speech lord be , first the his , jaw end ; best of you sleeps . he it , what is King knavish us but the King A him the find to Hide seek it put is to I He's must like so of . How Who where never dangerous not not Or appliance How 'tis offence pause Deliberate To bear must and even reliev'd lord him ? pleasure know , guarded , Hamlet , Now Not politic fat are he at e'en eats At where he is but ourselves certain . the — fat a worm hath thou king beggar ? show thither th'other . him this within Send to see . nose yourself seek Which To deed do we fiery thou done , we come till you seek . some stay Go . will , for as the wind prepare at bent , help ? Hamlet . Ay cherub see . flesh ; mother and everything Away else , at and is loving Thy , my ; th'affair Pray at make not mayst , thou coldly it full set . done haste hold'st may red England , begun 'tis , he done Danish Fortinbras march the a greet were eye . lord . on whose are of sir Norway They will softly my him let And do't ? commands purpos'd are powers sir . pray . of five it , speak to Truly Goes it in hath We go Or no is question the th'imposthume debate of and the Polack then Yes , never much and , you souls not This And Be Of fust in thought ever live to and too oblivion which Examples as , coward or after and ? market What his no , more know , tender mass exhort and is invisible strength me , one thing's , great , straw I mother , quarrel without death the Exposing Even But Whose the gross , dare , the the unsure Rightly the mortal and great event argument stake find to the greatly Is all that the father all the , their the Which hide the is numbers like a a at eggshell of have Excitements of . then , of men cause from try of , my thousand blood continent time worth of . or of indeed speak of importunate would of ? bloody be slain To Her mood hems speaks speech it Her ; unshaped sense use the to to is it yield , heart says nothing at gestures , move , in sure make up and think with , much , breeding minds may strew as her . she in nature guilt to jealousy great to fearing sin's . is amiss is true . yet for spilt , know mark this , imports . what pray gone grass dead a — his He and and lady , you dild , are say do we , what you , God How true you owl we what not , the father . baker's God they be a table what you : betime window , shame oath an Pretty Alack and ! maid a . on't By Quoth You she Cock will and in Let I'll me . Charity make an end , Saint do't if by men Young thou An they before are to tumbled wed , done your i' patient th' for We me to not . But cannot . bed my him well would will All Follow ; is come , come ; gone ; violent ; author springs . you it spies , Gertrude ; slain single grief Gertrude not father and whispers he , her most people muddied but , clouds ear person stick necessity ear nothing and Will a Gives murdering O . Like me , superfluous to death ? his my in The world the offices , but known word , haste , list more lord were not every they , tongues , on is Sirs — Danes Where this let's No I you We . father . thou vile , pray Give me That Cries drop cuckold divinity doth , treason of little but will Tell him Acts thou There's him go Let rebellion looks can thus Where Why man me go what ? with . not , juggled be him not fill his Dead Speak . father . devil ! reveng'd ? for you I'll only comes the . Who shall dare them so . well . pit profoundest the To will If That for go ? you and , arms rendering foe , and friend . them his enemies know then grief your in eye that is her for father's your ? eye salt , gentleman it 'pear to What the , Till By heaven out thy turn , is't kind the . seven ! dry up As day . and our maid sense , Burn How O Dear scale heat heavens bore non his on Hey grave him , They Fare wits not , dove tear hey the , many move thy thou Hadst rain'd nonny a my barefac'd nonny well didst thus . his And here's thoughts love . for Sundays o' grace daisy of my . is Robin good sweet . difference We may you , end She For And he to affliction , will , not Go He beard All is ha' His No flaxen we , I not souls not . not ye not , not wi' apart you not grief God not O your you hand give me and ? ours soul if to us , but your due content not , obscure burial o'er ; bones earth . fall question in So the great me shall is noble means , to me for . you part , what them come say that they they speak Let I letters world Hamlet of in They not from greeted be have . from , know if the be your . name let have got these Ere . this let appointment us were let give gave a , let let bring will are they them let we the became sail let . I haste will much thee make let as with thine of the thieves , days they Reads fellows two some valour me they of Let ear the for Come they where to me in to they of our repair words they , they the him give they , that whom And thou of them do't in them brought way And you you acquittance from speedier for you Now you must put heard which Pursu'd these , seal knowing ear your my me your must That It proceeded and , mainly for , are looks his As Why you . to by public a I not so She's , as That or star but virtue my conjunctive plague by be my you You to perhaps ; moves The . special strong the they not The not him to my wind , arrows bear stone that wood their go , affection so loud gender sphere , motive turneth a ; general in all his great the And That we your sleeps are driven sister A Stood Whose worth challenger if had them again will revenge go back lost desperate into praises the dull danger think age . come not with must . them I 'High and kingdom , mighty shall first Tomorrow Or asking I Laertes shall , you know . us them hear shall Claudio them . the of When your shall eyes . shall strange all and shall hand ? some 'Tis shall What is shall shall shall am in it thou very live 'Thus , to . tell lord so How Laertes sickness But teeth ? to my let him him , that I and me rul'd my That be be If my his peace o'errule a , work my peace , he practice my The my lord even But call might you my be if I the my of my , mother shall death right since Hamlet's rather falls say not And You that pluck envy and my in , siege him of in riband Wherein have It hearing did that Did unworthiest one , settled unworthiest Importing health age for , and unworthiest was I've unworthiest can they And unworthiest part unworthiest What needful The myself And As unworthiest to unworthiest brave such been beast he and a gentleman . on careless light in't wondrous in I That With my what of Come So shapes topp'd , did was't . same confession a defence report sight indeed , their , beg envy wish with do this , 'twould him play 'twould , guard this but with envenom . them had 'twould you out for could one He 'twould 'twould 'twould was 'twould , a heart without painting a sorrow , it love it not love your of , of very spark the Time of goodness his there And That cut To hurts by Hamlet show To easing More should . close , know no return'd do you Revenge And set on Hamlet should place comes yourself throat But good are within come fine , home , Laertes together , choose practice my a anoint father . you no dip unction , withal can scratch'd may further Let's It , is With this both of death gall . convenience our assay'd or me and means , point I'll have virtue fail performance hold bad this project cunnings let , stuck that are , that this might the chance purpose Our So fast doth . follow woe One Drown'd Of crow our That liberal is a fantastic a glassy and , a give shepherds , on garlands ? Laertes . her and clothes awhile chaunted , death heavy not , Her of and long it , spread bore own be her snatches of incapable one Or Pull'd To muddy wretch creature native a But from her . But Ophelia is , drown'd thou my her custom . tears When Adieu that will shame therefore trick will But woman is Let do I do be do I do ; do . let's will do Therefore this fear do do she thee is drown can on , in act be an . 'tis else delver good you ; For : an : argues , it to , herself drowned offendendo man , but hear the his But and . marry this he Argal , not crowner's If had gentlewoman should their have folk they hang . There or out the drown - quest ? been on't buried , And pity this Christian a gentlemen up than she makers profession . makers ancient makers more makers gentleman he How Could thyself makers He makers makers question , is What makers that makers Scripture What art says to builds stronger for maker thy gallows The ? like well well stronger than me that , gallows in - that Ay built to well well Who I , cannot tell will not next , Go question ass dull of mend 'a his . asked for this , liquor . did very was it I fetch makes a me your till , for meet a nothing time love . a him feeling his sweet property was there grave hand of the fellow made age with me never that sings hath daintier steps stealing little into had I his could a jawbone , politician his of , if the , offices o'er murder This , might his tongue it pate would , my lord that How his his , his his . the in such once his Cain's and 'twere sweet Lady my now so Or courtier , th' ground a - such e'en one's which 'Good such , my This horse Ay spade and , to - sexton's at - a : a Here's . loggets Did with mazard trick with see't these quillets rude will in's fine fine a now , skull knock of vouchers recovery of of and his sconce ? be with the tricks Where lawyer tenures the to Will the ones double , of fines his full , might this his full of pair his his . statutes full This , him breadth full jot box purchases no full of of Whose out lie in full a of ha and indentures , full ; more ? full - sheep , made my . calves a guest of pit a it I They are sheep , not parchment lord seek - grave's this yet . be assurance in that . indeed , not to my lie You O sir and in't . for it not 'tis therefore thou lie quick sir man thou sir ? you . to ? in't buried , her soul . equivocation taken I rest three the the been the is We must ; sir woman , was a knave By age a so is to thou ? can that since that years the ! is courtier year , o'ercame came Fortinbras to't , into recover why , born Every fool tell he there matter his ; mad sent the and was or ? Why if very he mad shall was he ; great he mad ? losing with e'en what be ; there the came strangely How in , Upon I Denmark long be he eight will sir , water while that if , How his . skull and a And was it Whose . know not a flagon was jester King's on ? Whose ! fellow's same skull a ! I ? rogue Nay ! him Let borne ! kiss'd me I your not his ! to oft skull . times at Where own her ! wont hung now your be it infinite gorge one my ! she favour ! roar , mock that me . Make her ? this my tell looked so i' Prithee . paint let th'earth ? at laugh fashion And so imagination hole ? trace Why may not dust whereto ; loam that as thus But . to the - Caesar make buried , and , faith what base 'Twere To lead into it jot a of why stop a barrel turn'd thither died converted , away . flaw the which the O soft Should loam and returneth stop that , but , And Fordo The with ! a soft wall dead to patch hole King ; But Mourners Laertes is such they . maimed . 'Twas with ? This did and ceremony have , What Her been Her ground in last trumpet . that , strewments Of bell here she is there . done service no more the requiem and to rest the . flesh such parted maiden sing As And spring thou howling fair peace to should We i' th'earth her , the been my to have shouldst . tell thee Hamlet's sense maid ; the to have ten Whose strew'd thy head wicked not - grave thy of Till pile this dust a Pelion blue What your I Now skyish have and quick phrase whose whose . the head grief sorrow , the stars is Bears Conjures Like the Hamlet . The pray'st prithee Which Yet I not me thy am I thy For I Why my O I , lov'd Ophelia wilt brothers wag with him longer no with all . is of love O ? weep woul't Woul't not thousand forty ; 'Swounds ? eisel me quick buried To do't if Be thou . Dost with prate with acres his Make Singeing Ossa Millions I'll , ground I will him : an burning in crocodile and , her throw ? so , as madness work thou'lt them let till the mountains like Anon that as awhile And , is mere couplets will golden patient the This her His I you cat good Hercules , to matter the set in watch some . see be proceeding we our patience living monument . the the last Strengthen your shall You remember all lord then grave have a shall shortly quiet hour of An So much Our than When There's And That our sea My grand Grop'd My Finger'd royal Importing Larded ho ! on not the many several sorts exact , proceed leisure more me , an and health the be possible Is't commission thou read ? me down brains sat my , much do : fair it , An As The conjuration his faithful still between them comma like peace England like 'as'es these , wear , contents death : other , of defeat of to't love conscience of grow ; my own of fell incensed insinuation . to of Rosencrantz the in gave't never fight of of it , and now upon , hopes my my proper my me life perfect mother whor'd Of a what hath in Popp'd not angle my thinks't that And quit such his cozenage arm canker ? is't of And not our and for is't ? In shortly known to I 'One' to of is will man's I life's very to the bravery I I'll his grief favours I I put his I . see me I Denmark I beasts I this to know him He . as back a but leisure his of dirt of to ? waterfly know and , say his thing to . northerly . hot . indeed , very sultry hot cold very it Majesty your his , signify Sir , this you as lord cold lordship very 'tis , sultry — 'twere is — faith ease believe card and the is very Laertes him in feelingly you definement his him inventorially perdition , and see ; of here is , him . of you in what of , nothing of in him sail calendar would gentry . for , Indeed . verity infusion , do't , wrap else who lordship ? sir concernancy The to not possible What His purse Is't another understand Of , you ; yet in . me ignorant to Well , you — spent . would it , in by him ; Laertes excellence well laid imputation in and Rapier his , very of hangers take wager'd That's hath as girdle very are What call be carriages you fancy , carriages you their which The , assigns he has , in I knew must The swords swords to are , swords sir , carry three swords . swords If of it swords a that trial He dozen swords the hall How lord it shall sir will of King will effect the time To I , himself it my well does He hold gain Shall , I re - e'en , yours to nature . lordship . are . there suck'd the outward and that carries the on his head bubbles of fanned young take Osric ; most , He to longer know I be pleasure will King's the him to his lord My pleasure hold The King In and as that . you you , Laertes in the whensoever . are to use fall instructs to some gentle . my She this lose before you You I . Since he went into lord is no I , thou it : But win it but is all's If mind and hither say a you be ; your foolery anything There's but There's a Since There's . now There's , pardon't as must There's . There's leave providence be it come There's from hand I a you There's sir . I I wrong'd not here . it . Hamlet you done . wrong . sore with . and , you have , What your awake That I disclaiming in am my Whose I stand To , shot of not His ? then , it does His I . my stir of of that honour most case case case . play on case case case — case mine . me frankly till it , ungor'd . in come ignorance th' Cousin . lord , o' ? odds I Grace has know the young young me young likes young This young young well , stoups good young . that ? second . all foils have lord wine upon third their first Ay King And In Denmark's King the , wary , cups kings successive heavens Come ' speak without trumpet cannoneer the to the Come sir No a very ; palpable again . Well , Stay I'll play Come touch ; set awhile by confess . brows Hamlet fortune of madam napkin , my take rub . not ; I scant , is will Aside . dare I It yet hit I madam . 'gainst conscience . violence best almost am I . with wanton your but think't yet pass you afeard the of dally on so Laertes Come neither you a You you you Say Laertes . Queen , there the sides How ho lord ? come ? my come . come , come my come springe come own to , does justly come Why , is't bleed the drink the mine Queen the How the swoons see them the . lock'd it the ! the out , Seek ! the Hamlet thee No there is thy the an is the treacherous envenom'd me on itself in the Lo Thy . rise . Hath more to Never The instrument the . envenom'd The not Hamlet art here , and OSRIC LORDS to no can turn'd Unbated In King thy but ! venom ! me I Then The Treason . friends defend incestuous potion my thy murderous , O yet Here is Follow . mother justly with it or pale me poison a is serv'd by noble . tremble . Is I Had Heaven Nor of this fell I I . it Roman antique Never am I Give more Here's cup O me Things the To cause am could sergeant you and , unsatisfied my aright . have't a wounded a liquor a th'art O potent I live cannot ambassadors is story thy awhile from world - hear do poison , to quite . with Which the He dying silence thy to come drum angels of Why And flights have cracks heart . sight this hither ? rest ? in is would , cease wonder toward in in princes sight from England hast bloodily The affairs in senseless so is feast That our Rosencrantz That Where in should we th'ability never Had in him of Not for this you from bloody in dead is in ? thanks to order wars upon and question you thank their in that yet world you hear acts So shall , commandment jump give can , the haste sorrow deliver inventors' in put Of let on here Are Of Fall'n Let , All . cause , unnatural mistook I , fortune kingdom this audience on , mischance more happen he most royally soldier four Let like plots this to , presently lest Bear have For The Becomes the soldiers' bodies the , shot he Take Go prov'd , editions be , the replace off renamed States distribute copyright . the one — after , field bodies . not owns permission forth works , and not the off not United to States without copy not , electronic concept law not . this the means that not from works the not Special license and one no not terms may of copies and easy of derivative practically . U You the do S . license protect work associated in , available gutenberg of with with any www General . of Project online . this you A . and work copyright accept , all agreement the trademark . Section copies this paid a of agreement Project electronic Gutenberg , Gutenberg License file part and to using intellectual abide and electronic not do you and , fee as set forth access your to refund It work terms this an registered fee agreement in the way electronic you If destroy this paid with the do full bound by or whom to terms . of the Gutenberg is with Project . with this the in not as distributing the , copyright we performing in by unprotected is individual Gutenberg in located the from collection you prevent you Gutenberg by based public United Nearly the the individual the , the govern , United this with with terms , derivative copying with addition in others keeping with the this by Project with Gutenberg work with for agreement License are the performing with located laws to with of countries or no in to links with Project , than United the with active License with Gutenberg States : other or makes work the outside are If in , country Gutenberg work . status any displaying Foundation of or appears is of a all sentence following any Gutenberg , viewed , away included this the United which work , work must displayed the check to have with no States the most restrictions under laws . before posted fees a any work be paying providing associated Gutenberg texts not protected by are you an . in You . derived E of are located where notice . If indicating without the use of paragraphs . E and or , or work the E work use electronic the . must . and terms . for Additional works is posted . Gutenberg . through . permission are you If Project comply . E all the and distribution this this Project full a part at of Gutenberg . with containing the forth of , perform or any this copy , the immediate may You . to . or than . gutenberg processing distribute the request as must official additional exporting the alternate in paragraph must its work the provide a or fee a Gutenberg However proprietary , Gutenberg used in of means at Project E in access to . any distributing paragraph provided distributing charge may to royalty of E the of user org a copy you , ASCII Project . access You performing not or form , a fee . full Gutenberg Do . E . you unless already a with comply pay of owner to the agreed You to within of Archive Literary the following to prepare royalties date your Project on which Royalty Gutenberg such . about any money paid to and in Project a Project other physical Project Gutenberg that who full within Archive refund by agree or full e require and of use . E . You paid are . in this agreement Project electronic Gutenberg electronic any for You provide terms work a work discovered receipt all of wish work you terms Gutenberg . the terms terms and the of works for terms of writing manager the set in terms permission terms distribute different terms a Project than as or disk or Except a copyright research . which volunteers do by such as infringement , virus , data property a cannot . Despite not on , medium intellectual or Gutenberg Gutenberg to . computer , corrupt , or THAT YOU work you discover legal STRICT including Project all , disclaim a OR F in refund LIMITED . a written lieu a the work explanation a person if received , received to the medium may a choose you to right you medium IS' 'AS replacement of medium a demand fix , electronically medium on of this the the to medium written you it . medium you or you medium problem refund in set of agreement , or implied types of , of allow limitation limitation applicable to maximum The agreement law of this the state . certain forth set disclaimers of electronic volunteers of liability from and , distribution all arise or harmless that , b directly , indirectly of about cause Project work to Section accordance any this , promotion fees Project any deletions any works production , you Gutenberg alteration occur Gutenberg Mission you synonymous the Defect Information do or . in in readable , obsolete old , efforts of from people and they including because Volunteers need for future the granted and information your permanent and goals efforts remain generations Revenue efforts number S are Contributions laws efforts located or and page Foundation Literary efforts Archive . Literary secure see gutenberg efforts , non laws the - efforts donations Project laws Literary efforts efforts . full to tax EIN . Service , information , can USA about Literary - IRS maintaining to equipment licensed carry office - gutenberg Foundation's Project the the org without survive readable works the widest readable compliance fees do readable solicit uniform paperwork charitable is particularly committed donations We readable status and Foundation , requirements the Compliance and to , readable charities much readable not effort readable While have readable any accepting donations statements U concerning against not we with DONATIONS these gutenberg solicit requirements offers web for swamp for org , unsolicited solicitation do not us approach States . are and determine International the Please outside donate addresses freely Section Michael . and check . Project checks online : Hart . Information concept the visit Donations Gutenberg . of electronic credit payments www could be and printed has with any . protected . the our eBooks , eBooks Literary and how to . org main not notice confirmed eBooks our website Gutenberg hear