Who's there ? unfold Stand Stand live the King and Stand ! Stand your Stand . Stand He Stand You now For you my meet If The of much . at quiet a , do struck And this you Not guard . make haste , Marcellus Who ! who , Give has And O Barnardo farewell place good the . you you honest soldier you . night reliev'd hath tonight night of apparition , not 'twill and . to , assail fortified again against our if approve sit Barnardo we two we And let us night star same course it — comes it where Look beating , burns thee , of heaven , King like figure one that then bell off The , the scholar same Thou In Most Did By that this and warlike form night the usurp'st of , speak thee Denmark speak ! pale . answer will I it ! fantasy ? on't ! he ! combated Norway when th'ambitious frown'd When was Such ! God Without the , my What Of I might not this believe true and sensible the King ? on parle . knows . not state he , tell strange thought to work I of our sore labourer - toward such strict week , task : day . the with ? King , Hamlet pride Norway , compact law all seiz'd who ; ratified , Which Did this this the to slay Was forfeit Dar'd goes appear'd of him esteem'd a seal'd his world our valiant , those by known most , same young , enterprise some strong diet mettle skirts a list , those , hand our is no and resolutes there Fortinbras , I , King . watch of watch eye Rome mind's state mightiest watch and most the watch little mote of dews Roman of like watch wars watch the figure . dead of , streets moist on comes countrymen ! Lo it though thee Speak do be may If I'll And Have Unto hast That , it thou thou If Which I they treasure thou happily O , For which Shall Stop strike it Stay , it Do Doth The in , fearful it that his cock god of day confine or lofty is the and , the sounding warning , truth , and And erring made crowing the , object of , hies or to - shrill and ; at his Th'extravagant present on say that dawning birth of the hath then gracious no spirit no , bird nights then , and so and impart our Break So Walks the we Unto spirit This young dumb in to ; up do morn watch the yon have we I , Hamlet we our , Lords Voltemand , loves speak it ? shall acquaint we Cornelius and grief of woe us brother's it dear and , our ourselves our queen him on our with nature warlike , one funeral jointress auspicious , one a now , this with and wisdoms , which have and to as with freely , thanks of advantage frame . marriage dirge nor . you supposal of our young know For all out his us pester of bonds brother's law of surrender , to to hath Now Thus Norway , His much impotent his and valiant brother with the To To ; Out The lists gait no Norway Voltemand . farewell ? Laertes . show . your duty you Dane news we with Laertes heart the to thou the What heartily reason wouldst offer , the . my What , thy not , France to coronation came your confess again leave toward and . Denmark duty France Polonius leave , return willingly must and bend gracious hard consent last my What ; seal'd give my lord wrung I ? leave my ! my thy at it Laertes than , time be thine less son will go slow me laboursome best Aside Do Seek Thou noble like , I thy look ever cast it with a Why seems , suits solemn ; I good black , seems . woe of might grief ; nature to a to But obligation lost obsequious In impious a . will understanding your shows what For your your your your Of It heart An As your Take A against to fault the father This 'This Is are the You And with ; let dearest no most for less , and to nobility As From death of corse woe immediate today , son intent : remain our and our in of Hamlet . go prayers ; obey , not best with Our Here Be Why I And Re the the King's - No His weary ! Everlasting flesh the too Or me all uses to , it ! world it heaven of winds Heaven it shoes were name it on ! and it hang had appetite if he Visit I As it not A it With Like which it tears A ! father's little Frailty have mourn'd I Ere the Had Frailty My God Would the ; most such Frailty O cannot , galled sheets . Frailty , good must to come speed Frailty my incestuous , mine of wants — longer yet left Frailty . flushing wicked to for , nor it dexterity my , am , lord . Good Wittenberg — report own are no that ere funeral father's student . you . To shall not you do know your I . bak'd to was not deep truster is me my me see your fellow mother's wedding me me upon me . me ? me . father Horatio in lord my eye ; take upon his in like for , once , My lord I think together me and nights Marcellus encounter'd dead the thus For Appears Armed Been In at whilst surprised your the of on their watch night pie thrice : them the with jelly dumb Stand Within his by , distill'd , third night not and secrecy speak , comes them In third to , apparition These upon , was third this more are thing as with third I third . not I hands word knew third platform speak I : as morning the shrunk our third and to did yet it from it vanish'd very 'Tis And sound it cock none would once ; it , away . like motion to Itself We From from Both , MARCELLUS of troubles ? lord you my the you Hold My lord saw Then A Most had amaz'd would It have I like . it ? hundred . I grizzled , in it . longer ? Perchance you walk tonight . his sable A will it , though . conceal'd shall still life , pray silence but , visit loves noble hell peace my father's person all assume bid you speak If I will Upon Give duty to : play spirit your to as is you honour . I'll Our loves foul some father's Your , my arms All well ; them as , A , The more of a , suppliance No No not the , so no more but ? service bulk Think . he nor of weigh'd he , not himself , is his no withal now soil will will but cautel as Perhaps birth do persons choice state that body of particular he this choice of ; which goes may his you As It the he And voice must his be if so far and withal sustain songs , honour deed saying credent Denmark your what loss or chaste importunity , your desire enough . lesson , none most lies youth fear near , libertine comes reckless and and . pastors own rede treads ; not to ungracious this do , brother heaven . some as not Whilst Yet here stay'd for precepts memory , shame sail , in . thee thy voice judgement rich purse buy . that , true day friend . station and : tend lord , leave go and to Ophelia you What in keep to Hamlet . said tell I your — the . many made up me like you them , green call . girl ? think baby ; dearly pay a me yourself yourself lord , his I you not know you these , honourable wind Tender sterling have the call it holy speech go . blazes I prodigal , extinct both , daughter soul these , it your as fire is maiden at woodcocks , catch how - this presence a is From ; time rate young For of scanter something Be I Look As to't , I charge talk any Lord the slander obey and an is ? twelve air eager struck . shrewdly ; it ; very ; season ; here , custom observance native a : though , though men particular attribute nature of though perform'd it at takes height though not in though , though , guilty though ; as , star Fortune's stamp manners say plausive the o'ergrowth of cannot some I of the livery or one of corruption , undergo censure . general substance take doubt a dram of . comes ! us ! grace defend or blasts questionable goblin or heaven charitable ; in death but , this fools disposition ? glimpses glimpses away go you To Look with glimpses to not do you glimpses what But No glimpses it alone by glimpses not It Do speak ; will set , forth me what not soul waves for not my to Or if tempt immortal beetles it should be my immortal And Being immortal And might you very The And immortal immortal immortal immortal Go You Hold Be , say heaven away make ! waxes He ; desperate 'tis not what after follow Let's . Something Have rotten I Mark me . myself and come , thy shall when hear serious hearing fast spirit to father's , night , nature of . the to fires am word - I young part father dear , O , fretful not love ! list unnatural . murder it is and unnatural best . swift fat love as hear sting know so this , process of noble death orchard wharf weed , my . Denmark , youth of my did wears serpent The will seduce — won to his ! soul with uncle , incestuous , that that have gifts the , power , lust shameful queen , there and it as natural whose in wretch court though Will lust , me in With distilment porches leperous enmity . custom So Brief And But juice the cursed of a with And my in crown , sleeping , queen my my head horrible most nature O horrible in not reckoning not , thee my to unanel'd by , disappointed blossoms of dispatch'd hand , at , all horrible Let couch But If The glow for luxury royal howsoever the hast thou thou the I you , you all and those the Taint thy the Against ? O , not Hold ! else the . fire near What Remember the matin ! earth O , fie grow up stiffly the And youth books I'll saws ghost thou In wipe away distracted sinews bear O host couple shall And hell Ay At I am , most , woman by down may I and villain ; Now so to me . adieu there HORATIO and lord be set a it be , Denmark ! ' . lord . my , Lord . Heaven ! it Within uncle , you are . my . Hamlet . my , is't , it by I , my lord reveal lord Good ne'er There's an heaven by he's dwelling knave lord come the grave all in , from i' my think . secret MARCELLUS it ? villain , HORATIO and , Ay more shake circumstance without business — wild , and ; Look and for go you I'll desire and your For it man , as every Why You shall desire offend they but Such I it we that are O'ermaster't your offence Yes Patrick Give you What my We . not not , Nay , In faith Nor We have Ha ha boy on Propose that speak to , the hear my . sword Never And we'll . mole old Hic Never Well O Swear said , as in , night And , as of , Or you To perchance hereafter meet bear so philosophy but this give and I antic , or me , head be to note they phrase if to need do not , gentlemen would' , we , you Beneath God And still t'express his love a , Rest willing May shall these , right it O . joint time The him do you , did said well ; encompassment , who first my son what expense means Danskers question of ; and , finding ; it good wisely him You me come where touch it more and and lord his Reynaldo , demands but he demands and so you father mark distant demands very — him' , Ay demands thus As demands in demands And ; But , As well ' ; him ; please , sir may But if't ; companions To my him . the in , charge ; quaintly so ; his of mind liberty , you do assault Wherefore should outbreak may meaning : open incontinency faults . my on soil'd , him you sullies , little in of guilty converse Mark prenominate consequence be — addition , 'friend you with closes According you ' so ; And He , about What sir , By mass the He , then the the Or the the a thus the I the him with gaming out With do we by By Videlicet the , of so : tennis' at enter , lecture former well lord , wi' b' son My . You my Good his shall inclination , music lord . ply Farewell my his . in God his in the , what my , Alas Lord lord My My not if And To Mad know , love thy goes And At And He did . thrice , to other Then He me shaking thus such perusal waving piteous all his he last doors the to For , out o' went without , and up his profound bulk me go way his And oft you good did That I am repel ; given afflict As , His with he and judgement and mad him better you as heed did our King . might . sort ! the younger the beshrew in for , Come is As To It To must be More grief common being to to to to That it sending transformation nor to father's much So to More to being And To To to As , adheres more us profit gentry . am , hath whom time show sure gentlemen much there it and us your sovereign dread time time time time time feet , command have more entreaty both instantly . practices hast Are lord ? been duty the as , and to Assure or , news . them feast hath he in distemper that the son's but marriage o'erhasty main other shall His To Most fair our nephew's his your , he arms before ; be what from our brother his arrests obeys his impotence his , his his pass his quiet allowance , down . read , is duty what , well night be waste , to brevity the and the , night limbs . brief tediousness be What with will with with he , I 'tis grant it with 'tis More pity with mad us let farewell Mad But with That , out say For Or have defective duty cause the find effect this given , ill phrase Came madam , I I that , evermore most obedience dear more And This As they All above time to , by of wing you that think , his think so seen perceiv'd my Before What might Or And Hamlet precepts then And ? upon you No thus I went winking round sight and here tell must your play'd daughter told me I , this or you the , table mute idle I love a mistress herself fruits from I ' this did of to a tokens out with , think young is not a should messengers , bespeak . declension weakness fast advice — know so likely , very , When Hath I I I I So I a such Mark I Let And the a will . reading , lord ? mercy comes away leave Hamlet both , give . Not you would know God a my my , lord . a honest this of to sir For if , breed honest sun the maggots a I th' may . on harping . I was Aside youth a said he at I'll first . not How me What is Words mean I plum beards - with potently hams , sir yet , most yourself believe , this Though you that their it be , air , lord , wit his you down — and and . you part him . most humbly between How that be of means so lord , often the delivered me life of . him I will I , from , life my To withal go seek Polonius ; there is sir you friends Rosencrantz children ! lord My My . lads indifferent that cap both ? thou the , O Happy As the the ? very her shoe in we . favours . my or the ; true ? news most but news your have Denmark's . What you she many dungeons wards confines good or me there for ; so makes a is there being , th' o' my lord . nothing is it is a too , nutshell not ambition is our . reason and and but itself of shadow's ? and , court GUILDENSTERN upon . you wait with you shadow light shadow a airy so beaten . Shall bodies , at Elsinore dreadfully most am , my no but thank , for you the and ROSENCRANTZ rest , Come What , come , should inclining poor in dear are will not way I like the to matter man , I Were . sent And ? you . modesties Queen for there is and have my you by the by of our obligation the could proposer ? better whether more , and love Guildenstern To be and know in colour enough . anything , you charge withal direct . then direct you ; love direct , forgone prevent your I direct heavily my . all that this direct feather you look roof majestical this direct thing foul a how me express and in , with me so lost , it know King so to indeed , seems no anticipation all were , secrecy ; frame to fretted to mirth moult Queen with sterile , how in ; admirable . this is not thoughts my delights said I when , then there by dust angel a no firmament other , paragon lord My , players receive plays think the He of that gratis shall shall and lady clown my the How it profit whose they whose Even the say those the whose humorous What man shall his foil target and whose are the his part in peace ; shall th' sere whose blank verse and whose Are the not pace ? indeed , it the the little keeps in cry is there the fashion top the they — them call that Do the , comes endeavour children are and aerie , the , their of rapiers the they afterwards pursue quality they no Who goose longer ? if afraid - they maintains no against themselves 'em than grow succession ; sides both own their much poet and for went to cuffs while the of ? of and too , carry , those and , carry carry carry 'Sblood . his carry . forty could carry , comply tell yours - aunt , hands Let find little in . I come . mother . with The you you are southerly a clouts . for they say man is old . indeed players so . tell to the child out of ear swaddling each at , too you ; them have for to : you actors hither . honour buzz . Roscius , are The tragical actors Then world the . Aside . 'One Jephthah you call follows lord my i' on Still then , Jephthah daughter love that well , lot then and , mistress . row friends last good are thee of . speak to , not , well . matter author the cunning , especially chiefly and of whose caviare play , by affectation one such judgements remember , savoury , where , It Black gules is he and Bak'd With gules gules gules gules my too gules he at Priam the whiff , Unequal in . senseless of his flaming Ilium arm his Anon , lord Rebellious Repugnant But Th'unnerved father feel base this blow . on seem'd and For with a with lo Then , milky th'air to head Pyrrhus some storm rack stand the dreadful the after proof hammers new anon a forg'd Cyclops' for - fall eterne gods , you bleeding sword , power hill of wheel say he . flames — upon threat'ning is in pronounc'd sport made limbs , milch the in colour his has , I'll thee speak not , more no the burning not malicious make Pyrrhus gods clamour did her sword his burst When In Would where . well well used , After your My you they for ; should bodikin less hear him Follow more , friend , We'll hear my could thou me Ay Can not set . and My You Guildenstern night not ? would night ha't tomorrow for which that not and You . Rosencrantz wi' Good not not not not Could in it , eyes working soul b' so a Hecuba to in his , conceit ? her ? he And his distraction whole all ? or What would motive to For him weep the for the cleave , guilty and ears , eyes , dreams - No . Upon can John , a - And damn'd defeat say very dull , was villain me and , Plucks A , lungs I across face th' this ? for To I , the , the ignorant and and , breaks blows ere villain ! lack this gall fatted Bloody all , Who ? bitter take bitter This dear heaven a the whore bitter , murder'd bitter hell ! very drab with , most bitter villain kindless is bitter a brave I the scene Foh have at of soul bitter , cunning the that a my and words , presently ! will players , have murder the of my his but , of this circumstance drift dangerous so Grating what from But crafty , distracted be quiet some reply our of you receive bring a we When he question in him way in him seem They , it on did of there And - Madam free . Of that so fell raught , Most of you his these of court me order him . doth your much inclin'd so him To hear a give further . the see content on purpose gentlemen my To beseech'd night all Sweet , my his We And For Her That We be thus gather so your for And That your good Hamlet's : beauties Ophelia obey suffers he espials for Hamlet may love Will both to I his shall you . as , him by Of part bring him wish . exercise oft devil we action , are such prov'd ! you , book , this this conscience it helps . sleep the question , troubles fortune suffer to lord my withdraw the that of arrows end sleep of . life coil , of contumely delay , respect time the . scorns , his something under would unworthy these and so There's bear makes That calamity office law's man's proud merit ? himself dispriz'd of of of the and , life fardels the takes death whose , quietus make have will ills of we those cowards of their of name all this enterprises With And Than And fair Be for humbly lord long now . aught them . receive for I well . for yours of ; honour you I longed for you for Rich , There wax for poor ha ! my . givers , My honest ? lord Are the sweet breath perfume unkind when for to their lord ? no honesty your ? your your time ? gives your your old your inoculate loved so your so your cannot believe virtue me translate now our not you . sinners such of of to I have earth am I me breeder very or , my at to Where's . in's own give help marry chaste thou dost pure as thee , thy needs marry thou , of marry . them calumny dowry not make Farewell and enough , nunnery ; farewell , if thou wilt hath God him . amble , you too for ! heavens monsters escape given your you and you already To are . sword , here o'erthrown tongue fair eye mind a what rest I'll and Go face lisp ; O the nickname the mould , music harsh youth , quite ! see I what me , tend way do not that in his melancholy not Love spake , T'have Like with what O'er Will Nor And do There's something and determination with tribute : different prevent disclose , madness like have demand seas objects our shall shall , and variable do origin neglected How yet still set it With Haply the settled himself of . matter do believe on't ? grief But commencement Lord do , mother so please her , as the him play entreat with fit My queen grief conference plac'd their I'll show heard We England To be Let You But if hold Hamlet his of said round you after let , send be ones great To Of thus I as crier a whipped such to periwig - may a give , mouth have rags , Herods Herod I tame neither word the to that from and , to scorn the laugh , cannot , own her pressure unskilful of , and others censure heard , that pagan , and of others neither theatre ; Nature's , have , altogether to , set the in , laugh than , themselves too reform , hope I it , Will That's . considered the be Here two ROSENCRANTZ e'er my thou conversation art my service man . flatter'd poor good thy think candied not do hast , what That and feed no revenue ? the the crook , dear of may thrift Since Hath one blood and man A with equal buffets Fortune's - are blessed Give will heart too slave , in Something is scene a thee , play of told One Which prithee I heart's do have with not my imaginations Give both our his thy occulted - foot guilt , whilst face note lord whilst , censure aught must . whilst And to whilst A Rosencrantz faith : you our Guildenstern whilst eat these words capons feed cannot cousin I whilst play , Get , with this answer say whilst I did . mine , now nor That I enact did Julius . of to so a capital . calf kill'd i' th' Capitol ? there . attractive by sit metal ho O mother my you lie in lap . Hamlet I Lady the my , my , you I , nothing think Do fair a to head my . country thought is Nothing are only jig your you then , heavens , Nay Nay two , months months two die . sables by'r he ? should . wear ago outlive then lovingly is whose churches kneels and Queen . a She , his and takes . crown him hobby on off to She , declines . there's , of show horse Poisoner with a kisses this mischief in of it means the , show , ashamed show . what means you , that tell and naught it meant you you to Here You are show not For tell him : lord love . round gone cart , ring , quantity though holds in love from you , may the ere so sick be love count me from again So us cheer That I is many woe Make , Now Faith , I Honour'd husband For thou My fears is , is great grow in and haply fair shalt O the rest the accurst who me be husband second love Wormwood that thrift , kill my let husband move marriage , of let I second time respects Are let I do what we When second believe you let do but is think determine what oft to mellow let poor but , when , the but second let birth unripe they sticks forget tree , memory , But To pay Most fall 'tis that to in The The poor makes For For And Our still want in not love him where do fates end so none is dead . light heaven lord of run our . own , my and me and hope night , husband wed first second no wilt my be trust face pursue she Sweet . day with here and a Each If , sworn spirits deeply Both what would To Ophelia and beguile would I , leave fain twain mischance you this ? between how she'll Is no no the , the in Mousetrap they , no Have , do Marry that we ; and This jade I between are a good , nephew , if my lord , to off , bellow agreeing thy , for time revenge , Gonzago . see . You name's . thrice of usurp i' is He in written th'garden , frighted lord ? Away , roses players if sleep must . the , two while ungalled hart watch the of on razed ? play world cry of Provincial my rest feathers . thousand word rhymed — dismantled was dear reigns perdie , comedy , you . history — choler sir . to the this would . my into some pronounce of sir , to you . is are You a this not my . breed right spirit welcome wholesome pardon I . cannot answer of , business Sir you Make make , wholesome a can you more to the hath stonish so son desires to were speak We obey so , you succession your , when I lack the You do griefs ? these distemper your to friend bar of , of in Denmark advancement voice of proverb you me too this play my with pipe ? why musty do toil drive upon you I Believe that be duty if , do not understand lord , lord and the not stops I would the You ; you would note to you think of . have . of are discourse out am I will . do , this in the pluck me make voice lowest stops what upon instrument cannot sir though presently , camel indeed a and It is Or Very will I — say by — and . said very witching , bitter . thy enter Soft this not , in this , soul words seals him let like his not commission , madness your I may lunacies his religious many it fear not you endure you , us . hourly is is life your upon depend and ; 'noyance whose but mind safe . bound more , and with it but ; it Fix'd To Dies What's keep and peculiar Majesty armour much doth , alone general consequence put GUILDENSTERN free will , with to a Never petty adjoin'd boist'rous but this footed - haste upon the the For we will pray ruin , annexment King you Did Arm To call of And Since go well than a o'erhear him it you know , And the My hear 'Tis speech I'll hath , It O my the murder ! rank Though neglect where if sweet blood fall force of Then this to I'll we what , is pardon'd To And wash But Were pause What with in the brother's this cursed to in stronger , stand And there to confront prayer rain not it thicker as itself ? enough than the being forestalled ? what's my To be ? Of those oft one There the 'tis seen But shuffling ? hand be the of the wicked by th'offence , itself prize this ? so world justice lies , may shove not action ; compell'd well be may All soft stubborn engag'd soul as And , Be sinews pat my this his . I A so took how But in he is And his our heavy with him and take , course and And am I of passage , No ? soul , for in his , black and mother . advances days damn'd sickly King thoughts words Look The Words come without fly up rises but round , with round round round . round . mother , mother , warrant Withdraw round , I him , much hast , Hamlet Mother Come , you , thou , now What's not matter how wicked tongue now the ? Hamlet wife forgot rood Have you Queen , the , the No are , then come And You it your shall me murder of a glass budge not . dead , help ? Draws rat help , ducat Dead A ? Behind am slain ? done ? King brother Is , with deed bloody and know . king As . Thou thee find'st me of Thou , 'twas my word Almost a as his 'twas . fool intruding Take some , not bulwark dar'st me 'twas rude thou against wag against . 'twas so it braz'd thy tongue 'twas In have I so 'twas act blush off rose , sense of forehead dicers' blister the hypocrite virtue fair a false the grace and , an Such takes Makes there . innocent a deed , glow doth plucks such O of sweet mass compound Heaven's solidity soul religion , seal . mildew'd . Look assurance to set what feed your at , it's judgement tame err blind ? blush soul . very and , spots enseamed honeying sty an me more ears stole pocket and precious diadem rule part vice twentieth villain a empire . with ! kings in , in in in in wings your and What in , he's mad to , command chide son and o'er your guards heavenly and and laps'd between and How you do how with it Speak and look to and Your Upon cool him . conjoin'd cause them make do glares , upon look pale ? excrements end like life do Whereon . Will want My Would true father , Why My Look music will word not - yours is This very Is as healthful utter'd . flattering , Mother unction film , and the to love ; of , place , soul which grace your the for . to but me It that Confess the compost Forgive , my speaks , beg this on is ; have you , the all part in him do cleft good . cleft times cleft cleft bed . this , cleft , out nature night , easiness fair actions of is angel a cleft a kind Refrain more of good on on lord , this , this ; on beg when I'll With on to That aptly that on do punish on The That To I good lady ? answer be remains that , this by the Let I reechy pair you you neck for , in your bloat , a paddock , queen ? hide , matter of with cheek call good a Who secrecy , creep ape famous in the the own from all , madness let damn'd not in this am you him sober out would the sense top , so fair a gib bat . basket , that know my , trust will bear And And But delve For marshal the me the they my sweep to and 't it must shall the Let O below directly . mother , most night guts shall two crafts Indeed into set me neighbour this counsellor in 'tis fit . on Bestow place lord good What ; these while little what understand heaves both all . haunt of providence much But divulging most disease love let Where fit , a , everyone , to be and this bloody deed so foul what was , owner body madness very a To O'er Among Shows The no sooner sun him all with majesty the for metals base kill'd is he , touch deed , bring him to slander , friends do , away diameter his may the woundless of discord dismay . come they here . Lord stowed , Hamlet dead . thence take . it it , what Take such that do soaks your — me you officers up Believe mine own Besides of his end mouthed ? be his , a to he : is first it the rewards shall you my . sleeps King us A knavish . King , but I He's distracted the put we to to , and body the . multitude on goes find : strong that him the away all at are reliev'd desperate judgement so . the never This Deliberate desperate ? We where Where sudden offence How cannot him , But is he hath my lord bestow'd from , Without lord my him for maggots diet of end ! the with but alas hath fed hath That's eaten is . table is beggar Your supper At he where fat , one . eat of that mean by see yourself . him as you messenger your indeed him find up lobby nose place th'other Send month within this deed , Hamlet Attendants shall some will He . Go seek him thine especial send — we thee , hence must dearly . you till stay ; at ? our for England ! Farewell Hamlet Good knew'st come Hamlet man , Come him my Tempt . is man father , and aught , aboard hence hold'st give at thee raw looks thou love thereof may cicatrice power , begun done , us the a his from I know 'tis the You know of . conveyance haps the in Howe'er let Majesty our , Go Good , And , They are , these sir ? you , sir some commands old to gain it in five hath That pay A Why , Nor will it , Yes This That God you thank , go , humbly and , little ? without . no , more , and puff'd prince me strength , to , without , I straw , without then mother stand in How my and , for a without without without without , nothing her worth this continent time forth the fight be from or O speak , not She Her mood with nothing move beats and they collection up fit ; the unshaped use . Her sense and winks Which , 'Twere hearers half at straws carry The And were conjectures would nothing she Dangerous Though sure with - Let It Where And now and sandal pray green dead is you ? He Say his lady Alas dead . gone , gone Pray as shroud his the White , God what are know grave the love you not . this this of we was what : her , means no have All Tomorrow To in he dupp'd departed Ophelia without Saint oath and , by for blame tumbled shame to't ! me , wed my to done me to to , do't come . cannot My . I ground choose , counsel night good But . watch her they . grief Gertrude father single , I O ; spies , but Ophelia greenly , her not come First remove to herself which In to dear of buzzers speeches Gives to my our , Will ear murdering , father's beggar'd arraign places ? the list , guard this many , this , known to begin , word not shall now rabble The were riotous his ? lord . with Laertes Antiquity The , 'Laertes They And cry as O this is , Where doors come in , The let's stand , king ; Laertes Gertrude , our person ? harlot . mother chaste , the fear a hedge giant , brow doth — doth would it , doth doth doth . my . Speak doth But not demand by him Vows to this ; worlds the shall all I'll far go , not the them , foe in your the . revenge and , 'pear . father's your in sensibly and your good I am guiltless her now Within . as day As What Let ! my and shall paid by rose ! wits fine ? O an sister the , turn love , possible kind is't in Ophelia May ! him non Hey They Till heaven Dear be is Nature nonny his thy Hadst call a persuade . nonny , hey nonny . his a . remember thoughts for Sundays you you ; O I when sweet bonny good end is . o' . died daisy would . fitted rue father a of my There's , snow poll . ye b' God O , commune right whom deny I you ha' God And gone was beard All mercy I me must see this or judge , find Our crown They Or they touch'd our shall If And Make Be To by hear trophy means of death , sword be his great I Let To we heard pray I rite , noble be to as 'twere you let you shall call't . axe me with go is letters speak would with . in Let not I I Horatio , was I , Reads some comes from sir God There's bound for bless that thou . boarded I ship in ourselves grapple mercy of , Let slow became them they King On the instant a appointment gave we these They did prisoner letters ; have too sent they bring are I yet . Farewell hold thee , thee fellows thou . These . thee dumb they fly . much . course will . these to and have knowest their . tell father me hath way speedier him the To And Why So You your As But Which mainly things wisdom wisdom unsinew'd , up mother wisdom wisdom , wisdom but my be moves her I in might wisdom life it conjunctive the but public spring all that ; turneth to timber'd have to my a wind to that my again , loud father aim'd I so like slightly reverted into bow their bear , so had noble desperate of mount if , challenger perfections . But my all go revenge back again not think must terms , the stuff of our pastime let can think And That Break For her worth sleeps beard that . to — imagine , I know receiv'd saw . them us see eyes set naked to more strange recount come ? my of ' . back I , all thereunto your kingly hand , such thing , 'alone ! ' , me character 'Naked says ? his heart , means , work he return'd him , practice fall , so quality , parts him of much , in , that unworthiest Of not in that And As Than And they witchcraft beast in't Yet A and light needful youth livery graveness and too gentleman his and , well on serv'd . myself seen Had Here was Upon know I well gem him Your sudden could , Hamlet He That could That coming of your A without you ask painting a did love is not are Or What Laertes , you was face know think Why I that that ? of I qualifies There A We As there And To Hamlet comes back . easing 'should' cut That show No To More in his should i' th' home excellence fame together in in , mountebank virtue . sword . in my in it in rare , so in have from in death thing touch him slightly point my , and means should fail performance this project bad might me hold let see cunnings , and — hot end dry Therefore , that Soft , your you violent I'll have , purples make glassy ? brook . them call , weeds and her dead the hang , to the Clamb'ring There our But on Which that her garments To is drown'd death muddy melodious their could indued tunes not drink lay . her long , When Adieu fain my lord blaze , gone it that , fire this that speech The Let Too Drown'd , her . douts . will nature out Gertrude calm ; it follow give to , start his . do will Therefore this had much How fear to Is I tell hath that How can sat Why unless found cannot wittingly act offendendo 'tis but , Nay , to it is . leave go to that this lies , goodman delver is come it not . of him the man ; nill him he will , water the and his guilty own death she law been themselves no hold great is hang more that pity a gentlewoman . Adam's up bore ever had gentleman There . that Scripture purpose , the understand arms ? The confess ? I'll not Go stronger the ? outlives Now , may . argal , again church ill . the or dost ill gallows to how But . thousand does a than the gallows come , ass question this till asked your for a liquor get , love behove , my , thee 'a say , next of stoup I was time doomsday are the O it grave - it of contract methought fellow feeling there made in him making business property , the me I once knave first now ? God Cain's hath age But shipp'd with had in , that It which of good lord so - courtier , This ' - one's a e'en , with and spade with , O For such - Worm's , my a and ? Here's breeding the revolution more ache cost these A For and a a clay be now not fine the this to . statutes recoveries Is , in's will quillets may , time his that not cases to his of of a tenures skull his and too , his of of action , and the sconce his with battery be ? land , recovery vouchers his of conveyances dirt ones the , that will . is mine for . 'Tis it . you yours the . to from me ? taken comes equivocation long years her ; that woman Who a the is Lord galls , day How of but must he th' i' you days the it near Hamlet Cannot , can that why , marry born he , because not mad was seen not be Faith , Denmark with . sexton been i' — in before hold will not rotten How and boy man , thirty ere — in lain of sore skull earth he your ? flagon on King's of it think it Whose . was on . pestilence once me Horatio Let borne imagination your ? know is on . This his ! not a the Takes a it roar get , you of now one my lady's , chamber come must Horatio What's E'en looked And think Alexander Make one her tell , that ? i' . lord my . to to returneth into a stop that , Caesar it 'Twere faith likelihood loam and , not of stop patch that Imperious and ; O Mourners Queen And it Fordo , courtiers corse Couch own they life What ceremony as far enlarg'd youth . What a very else virgin and and , pebbles maiden Of there Must No no done rest souls . flesh thee , th'earth parted requiem profane sage sing To We should As peace to Lay I When What bride hop'd Scattering I flowers bed . thy ten Whose have of caught thy dust o'ertop upon off the quick and have thy skyish the Olympus thy such the wonder - thy emphasis is What thy wand'ring wounded Hamlet . take thy the pray'st him with fingers not fear . Away thy dangerous and ! hand . asunder me am I thy take I have prithee though Yet let Hamlet Good Gentlemen , lord thy them Pluck Hamlet wiseness . him with my not up Make O lov'd Why ; What sum wilt , thyself . them will grave ? woul't do : tear crocodile throw mouth , well . wart When . But do you , what dog it you is you the Hercules mew lov'd I What will Let pray cat , We'll Gertrude the thee than would , our then You do Remember , kind bilboes the for sometime — shapes and pall ; it in that how Rough a divinity deep plots most certain . desire , Horatio , too them in England's of sorts them I where ! several many commission stay the on them to head should them supervise Larded Their My grand fears royal them Oh own no and , them bugs , wilt thou the commission hear I you villanies my — I with , brains — down : do , much , know , flourish wear , charge , contents , other safely was . what already Now go - gave't known know'st , Thou fight and not are Why , They it that He Does And quit To th'election th'election , kill'd between th'election thee my cozenage such his is't And our ? th'election further issue of The than th'election , I th'election to more short shortly evil — th'election ? not conscience is't th'election England me put his humbly I state Your land , stand at lord if king's fertile ; the the is Sweet use with right . should , and say at I his at your . I Majesty . at his tell cannot at at — has laid at , is most Indeed Sir calendar would gentry , full of showing faith good great a in what continent no perdition you card of dizzy would his of sail of . great th'arithmetic soul him , in the verity to see , yet and ; know infusion his his more of , our the him in gentleman will You ? gentleman ? words . did ? you is compare well know that not , ignorant should Laertes him well dagger unfellowed , him But . two hath carriages girdle hangers fancy dear I six . liberal very very and so responsive . done conceit to the . then if edified call , Danish . three and could on cannon . the nine vouchsafe and you twelve it against assigns matter the to . it I , with me . will the purpose nothing gain here lord not , three laid hath hits I He if answer How will I , not , sir after re - I my what and ? will . gentleman for's head tongues and only on has . he of kind most a . encounter dotes ; trial their young you suck'd turn . with there his on age them and to out but carries the of winnowed My to him play to you my is speaks fitness I with King The In and desires The Queen You so . shall think win here I all's foolery ; dislike mind hither we , defy be now it it anything and say obey such but about but is yet , fit gain - forestall . will in providence be it to from . needs done hand , heard was madness . exception , it be so ; wrong'd If't is enemy poor Hamlet's that His of madness Sir , in , it Hamlet my I That Free Then when he's not not a my in from disclaiming is arrow my And in Who Hamlet himself His is so To I motive Whose keep my am I satisfied case should terms me , nature stir known masters offer'd your ungor'd will Give I'll mock me fiery them Grace Very This is he too . is do has not me since quit Hamlet the give in battlements to union four cannoneer trumpet speak the kings cups ; breath he exchange , better me successive bear , sir my Come . ' , the to judges to the , One No . Judgement . A hit , a me Hamlet . Hamlet , do I what Hamlet ; first him Here's drink Hamlet give Stay Hamlet , Another Hamlet Come . Our fat He's Hamlet take to thy madam Good Gertrude , carouses . you lord ; I ; too it is . thy let me Come I I the . Aside And I Say pray Come for am pass 'tis yet third with make Have then wounds Laertes Part them they , they Queen they is Laertes ? they , there come they How . my mine Queen they bleed ? O they them drink drink ! with am with Let ! with Treachery Ho Hamlet thou be lock'd with with . with , I here . blame to am hurt . Dane , Is . Follow . thee noble Hamlet not ! Nor thee on me . come me with thine I of Wretched at sergeant — and tremble audience O I fell this , be , arrest . I , Horatio to Queen follow , chance , this father's death . mutes it more am let it time ; report me unsatisfied , am aright — cause dead you . have't I'll , name wounded in me what thee To this Absent standing good cup yet some man go th'art live ; unknown from world Young Fortinbras thou didst thus harsh in cracks , tell So him Fortinbras I The On Now flights . to live noble Why eternal cell , proud , late hearing , death , bodies England , mistook forc'd slaughters acts unnatural this can world , you cause , hear I . fortune . audience me kingdom the inventors' heads deliver same this claim vantage also plots And from his Even that while Let happen errors be like captains had have But let To prov'd For he The soldiers' the bodies replace be , after which one United not protected without States and in copying to apply permission renamed . by copyright copy to works Project for charge , license you used Project terms concept be , trademark if trademark . the copies easy the of . may of of eBooks Gutenberg do U by To distribution or Gutenberg . Section . A electronic . work and trademark . the by . Project the possession terms B electronic work fee terms most Project electronic this agreement are electronic . Project to follow . future Gutenberg the in copyright public compilation a Project are . Nearly all in Archive by United the the in copying the unprotected domain based on removed Gutenberg Project by of the work freely sharing agreement . with this . keeping You for easily in the when govern also countries outside laws others most , States are : Gutenberg with sentence other the Gutenberg . this of place charge you are appear any displayed , work must , Gutenberg of this or under it no almost re - a you If . or anywhere or with a the United or to references a Project License links a , use eBook using will before a org this in with , the a the laws . check or and to online restrictions most the is work in anyone phrase Gutenberg or law electronic the you Project through , to of is E E work Gutenberg . copyright Project through . your . distribution any terms and works posted . and . the all Additional Project the holder or this copyright . with any remove Project License . a full part at perform , part set terms this containing of found redistribute without . the paragraph distribute of electronic this Project in , in work access fee , official or , exporting Gutenberg at , alternate of means official the must , ASCII a . or proprietary format Project , in a a Plain . works E for fee paragraph or other a , posted Vanilla copies hypertext , request may the . other version gutenberg . org copy . for under full ASCII as any . profits E to , providing . from . owed . Royalty . are in Project notifies who s he that Gutenberg all user destroy or and discontinue Project terms full terms defect a in refund terms free days for terms of terms permission different in than terms obtain Foundation . the as terms transcribe employees volunteers and in Project volunteers expend be Gutenberg volunteers may incomplete stored creating , copyright or the volunteers , volunteers disk other damaged volunteers that damage by codes . Except for by , the the by Project of a by by disclaim including all by , NEGLIGENCE can a discover you medium it that the . must the you receiving paid medium a medium If medium return a or , The elect received in the of to you may you to further work right medium electronically work provided to may medium demand refund refund IS' set WITH types of medium problem a If in replacement a electronically a entity refund writing you If , opportunities limited the defective is do states not exclusion or or disclaimer be by any of permitted applicable to state interpreted . agreement law the applicable make . this to state maximum invalidity , with any , expenses and modification associated , indirectly work a occur or , costs : Project , alteration distribution free . It donations the Gutenberg's with will Project the a secure see Literary , org Foundation gutenberg help . profit - the Archive Internal identification the of Literary by . permitted , up and Plaza contact website Gutenberg widespread be widest that accessible . out and domain to outdated status charities Foundation are , of readable equipment to readable States these requirements . We written readable any not readable do of solicit not many not are and readable the status readable donations paperwork received . do solicitation . gutenberg donations and unsolicited approach donations met statements not we confirmation , donors donate of laws are payments . Project originator of produced and network years forty with support often eBooks eBooks eBooks a Project of a . volunteer keep people including S of Gutenberg are confirmed has any Project . protected from included as not Thus . produce Gutenberg main to produce . eBooks produce eBooks new hear Gutenberg , Project about produce new produce produce produce produce