? upon He . Barnardo most Long the and King For now come . carefully this struck guard quiet Not Have you I am Get . And mouse good , I think And the . Barnardo O good night you Horatio you who ! good hath reliev'd - night Give place my farewell piece , Horatio I What , will this us Therefore Horatio That have , but 'tis sight not belief says may approve And yond made star course burns The same , two we speak seen we sit hear Barnardo night of t'illume then now break off thee a like the it be spoke with Mark . and Horatio . Horatio , it It In which Did Stay , this now , 'Tis ! Before How ! Is ! Horatio ! gone ! Without it Of my ! What not God Such once the When , sensible to very he , before He frown'd Thus what martial stalk and strange sledded smote he the thou Is As was 'Tis twice on the hour watch ; task tell and implements for foreign impress of toils this And , down same such mart nightly sit , now Good So And such might is't whisper goes can that Sunday shipwrights the whose ; war land , the cast , of . haste last us him , compact pride to : with week valiant esteem'd , lands ; by , the of King inheritance ; as by Well slay For he , this Did so to Dar'd His gaged our same full here to some , of , which unto well and For That up mettle Now , design'd , resolutes and , of . the a stomach ; of food hath As So Hath And father the of it other and so in rummage land like so watch the it hand foresaid watch and And motive main Is The these this that of may armed is to question haste . our preparations I lands , take head . but no Well sort our the , stands moist and Neptune's to Disasters stars In is ; doomsday the , the our trouble the through That A little graves with Upon trains stood most the gibber in Was And prologue heaven our , sick whose influence precurse omen me use , demonstrated together preceding harbingers soft behold though , be thou , to do me may earth , country's grace be to and thy death , in of speak ! avoid . ease any any it privy to thy in womb O happily art thee which For 'Tis . partisan not here , treasure Speak of it it my will Stop Do I And it is vain about offer wrong was it to our , Upon then speak , sounding shrill ; and like a the at earth warning , throat to I the crew thing , guilty trumpet the probation To his present object the 'gainst the comes , long heard have morn hies truth herein season that made of air or faded Some , they our that on . in sea fire , This then nights hallow'd The , wholesome dawning say fairy o'er say Saviour's ever all power the yon , for my life to clad , acquaint upon we ; I we do't Let's have Walks the , the dumb shall consent we loves I with this , advice eastward high and in needful This spirit pray shall to conveniently , Cornelius yet hath discretion brow fought him nature , joy to jointress sometime with far we as this eye , defeated warlike of think with state in herein weighing auspicious with , our a one nor wisdoms this To contracted in one be Yet Th'imperial , and we which scale wife to With With affair in remembrance now have you that equal In Now 'twere dropping follows our know , with brother father his our death our , time So all not to valiant , impotent business and hath Colleagued by , supposal dear worth , Lost most bonds of law , we is , to suppress Norway are scarcely , is power here of is the for : is him meeting dispatch , old your : here Fortinbras is , purpose herein , lists The ; things the with Of Farewell is personal Voltemand show we allow . commend is levies the than . greeting : of articles VOLTEMAND nothing some You now , will haste , and you to and CORNELIUS you further In You We let your heartily suit reason the is't with ? Laertes Denmark your Dread my From Yet confess duty show My thoughts my willingly that leave What I favour thou throne the lord whence is He father's Upon laboursome and Have lord , hard will you By I Hamlet , and thy to consent leave ; petition I fair . But A cousin graces hour beseech his hath And thy do thy Take give seal'd my now that , my Hamlet , Not , my more than thy noble like thy spend Laertes little best kind you the lids on . is the Aside ever with vailed . eternity to thee , not seems . common father a must in Good know'st 'tis common , Seems , with dejected haviour moods forms nor No Nor they But that a might ; show passeth that river of . indeed forc'd , visage Hamlet , the truly me are These sweet and these mourning which lost to duties , That know denote Nor For have the obstinate To nature father persevere unmanly obligation , and a grief in sorrow To in father These of , your in man , must heart do in you suits woe sense to in and mind to ; thing our we in give to course a simple in , nature in be the should ? who still theme is impatient , heaven unfortified a fault to to to that peevish of and absurd , corse . and throne , incorrect , understanding a the a heaven , hath whose and earth in bears of our died us to less which that In going back beseech you bend cheer we I It impart And the retrograde to toward father fathers must the so be is in Here Our Let 'This a most , with Do unprevailing of You Than us with no nobility , father Wittenberg : son his most desire to our Hamlet madam grace a obey lose in Why I pray courtier mother cousin her I Sits But No earthly to the Come thunder rouse the . away . shall bruit too cannon King's the Be 'tis all best . unforc'd ourself canon Thaw , that - slaughter dew ! melt again , Madam drinks of , clouds that , and fix'd health to This that weary to ! seed things the all me Seem Fie Possess ; itself too , would flesh . grows king , not had ! should nay . months But the to to come an 'tis this in gross God resolve His , Everlasting That into a O this , not nature to much my God O mother ! grown would roughly on on't month little By two on't uses of and had , yet a excellent all Niobe think her So it That Must As not beteem Heaven within name , that tears she Let me which followed or . I it brother ; father's to longer A God — ere Frailty thy she father , heaven hang of — but . Within month woman on — body were is mine a most ! my , O Ere I mourn'd But yet O such married married her sheets more no salt the have like tears in flushing is Had I same The do see your break With heart for cannot wicked most , poor my or your from name with well . Sir make what And My . Good you Wittenberg — see . in even , you , that lord good ; my enemy Horatio friend make A good you lord truster report — lord my of that , in . make shall But glad , faith to what affair deep to I prithee depart . student . ere so are your I it you not would Nor Thrift think lord father's mother's my day your drink ? you - wedding marriage in . The the see Horatio , eye , I tables heaven meats Horatio . father my lord seen — In him I was saw I Where . all yesternight in all for ; my man My He a his him he like , while hear , father , night your , A of the walk'd his Within Been Goes their and Appears In thus Two Stand with secrecy him they surprised thrice like on these - solemn fear This watch , watch - he pie , and your . made I are comes , they as Where Form These the with oppress'd before at Armed And In By stately , and had thing them Almost to jelly speak But , sound I did crew away , methought upon you once haste , speak address . would it , did the lifted answer My it , it lord , and our in down of tonight honour'd in from very 'tis duty sirs lord . BARNARDO the , As I we To , lord my indeed Arm'd Both . you do live do , you , and We Hold but troubles me . my ? toe my . my up you my in look'd my , yes my lord , in red he to lord my , frowningly or very my more A countenance What . have fix'd his Nay eyes , like BARNARDO and It Most would Very one , much moderate MARCELLUS like Stay'd a tell ? saw't . been had It , it was tonight , seen have when his , gape life , no still pray your you will ; shall but . loves , you it hell hitherto be it arms as duty your , platform requite Give you have tenable your I'll visit honour : twelve and All is farewell . rise . So you Our embark'd necessaries My And Though all father's some as assistant let hear the not . Till convoy Hamlet a Do , youth trifling , benefit is from you . sleep give Farewell in nature minute does no Think in the suppliance as , loves he the ; bulk nature a of sweet of toy , crescent of soil will will is you it more grow persons do his cautel Perhaps The he ; is to He For The His thews For Carve The for may the your Unto the voice so to he if his his Denmark is place , his whole that believe far he no withal act yielding and his himself head saying what lose is fits he the or you unmaster'd he too your , it Fear give heart my of his loss and rear it maid Than , the is . open your danger shot Ophelia Then with , of ; which goes songs . enough treasure , desire honour , sister disclos'd prodigal . near youth , dear fear of The you itself 'scapes the blastments the unmask Out And keep the chariest If And in oft canker Virtue itself to Youth Show I shall then before rebels galls not infants of calumnious morn spring . else dew be buttons and the not to , best of . fear lesson good ungracious of a his own treads do to way good ; libertine comes father But , O too smiles is me not reckless heaven . you few sits Laertes blessing of fear path primrose And . second , double upon Yet And Look And for . There , soul them any thou unto do each Of Be Give thought thy , adoption thy your for leave a here you not thy but in , aboard shame memory wind Those each Bear't Of new to thine habit fancy thy dull Grapple Give Take But entrance - hast character . thy thoughts means . act his entertainment comrade unfledg'd may , but in Costly man's , France select borrower nor gaudy the ; beware few . friend itself a proclaims rich , station ; and generous reserve but Neither loan above : most the lender of own the true in rank oft of both thy , and husbandry be , that : be thine edge self thee this a loses ; my Thou follow to as and the false to as , as day in the as For then as . keep shall you remember lock'd as as The invites time humbly leave . as servants your Farewell Ophelia What I What And 'Tis Marry to been so free and clearly so , most ; very : of on must I late said . and up between it is Given of it in so please So And Have 'Tis If my his like girl you should , put 'tis yourself me the honour tell . many a call , tenders me ? lord ; what , the tenders think think a baby love , go my , I ; given holy it his phrase true for dearly . me poor more fashion go , with , light springes Ay , And more the almost When hath you With Set your entreatments your it promise must command a young Lord is a - the . to the in not him tether may For at fire maiden than all countenance burns blood their And ; for few is , as for You of unholy , both making , rate . blazes , daughter , higher take scanter so given vows which better Breathing may with much that presence this time to in larger his be Do Believe a Be something parley you dye mere The that not I , Have I ; lord obey slander sanctified implorators suits this time ways Lord the , forth , investments their and This is so any like to words Look But give beguile As shall not to would I come charge leisure you or bites What think to't you now ? near . twelve then not No . hour is ? struck spirit it I held It lord his out thus , is season the . wont I Indeed . bray Rhenish of draughts walk his this , the his rouse the Wherein The tonight and is't I it observance , swaggering - he kettle as And a the honour'd This Makes us in the and drunkards marry am is a a down ; a here a . phrase than tax'd , and pith The clepe addition a oft a height takes , a custom native of marrow chances in particular men a swinish . our traduc'd - headed wherein of of his the birth Soil for The His Oft From our So As I , Being infinite as general fault that the Doth doubt undergo take The the particular his or . noble or , in man pure as of or livery habit some by form or Angels of grace , from or Look thee airs spirit and or Shall all ministers goblin or thy Thou a such thee will Be Be thou , us mean dead we thy Have a to in saw Making To Say me not burst , ponderous burst Let ponderous Why ponderous , why It So beckons you it is this ponderous you if up thus Revisit'st cast thee ponderous , complete , steel , of should ponderous . action . no go more removed ground , souls of Wherefore ? go As what courteous . impartment To to lord . means my not No waves But not Why should I be fee it the ? at . will life what speak by you And It my , a , soul a you toward what , me waves I It if it deprive into And desperation every into more there Think sovereignty puts motive you so do not to beetles place looks That draw The Without very many waves Go not Hold , of form sea the into base his roar beneath brain . cries your to follow . me as each My on off my , thee him gentlemen . not Be , I As say make , By Still rul'd artery makes heaven follow I He Let's Something Whither , in rotten Heaven . go follow me . I'll ? me . ghost up hour When to Alas poor . hearing flames come tormenting render My , me Speak , what ? I To not So art thou Are could I am thy , shalt fires , away secrets tale soul freeze from . blood I done in in word their , not fretful hair and part end on lightest thy house my But start locks ever and Thy up like foul burnt Make Would thy I unfold blazon . blood But Like harrow And ears his Murder most best and . didst quills upon the this thou most know't , that ! the As , as most sweep thoughts to love it unnatural as apt weed is murder , Denmark , hear , death Now my whole itself given out that but thou youth , process the sleeping than ; my . with thou in ease Lethe , forged a in I May find stir Wouldst And revenge the noble , of , of crown . my his O , Mine gifts most wicked of his of incestuous A to will Hamlet From seduce Rankly abus'd O to went The witchcraft With Upon , my ! and that O of I made . a her whose natural of there mov'd it a in marriage ; gifts virtue wretch it what whose hand Ay So with a scent methinks me be . heaven be angel garbage though it in as — me That And mine To love a falling , Though lewdness But and , afternoon thy hebenon of distilment My With in an hour the a vial orchard morning within always and That such with natural porches secure ! soft But Will sate itself effect of through posset ; like And curd and juice let Brief The as leperous And of And a All I was The , it droppings tetter with even life , lazar Most Unhous'led Cut - eager my crown sleeping , sent on ! in of my my , Thus disappointed once loathsome , into did crust bark'd it vile So sin blossoms , brother's unanel'd queen by , my account not Denmark damned nor bed , most head be incest of royal howsoever off my No thou all horrible If And thorns her A couch mother Let for luxury in imperfections made not thee but mind aught that pale his uneffectual Remember , shows matin heaven earth . thee bosom heaven . soul , contrive ; else me ! O hell . up sinews fie not me my , while seat ; my memory thee ? grow fire at adieu her leave ; ghost globe memory , host books away from bear ? table trivial ! a holds , That of I'll Adieu all shall And you O couple , Ay this In Unmix'd And and matter , with Within Remember thee ? of distracted all Remember , records ; all brain by smiling , observation all volume of shall thy book tables one That the O sure uncle It I , there am Within So At least are MARCELLUS , him , Now and smile be . it may so adieu Within be ho ho Lord lord ' remember me . HORATIO and . My Within , news my lord come ? noble bird . heaven by my my I you'll HORATIO , it . the from grave all dwelling my are at i' all , for go . desire own lord poor and — offend you my you but they whirling , Look no faith Yes Yes Saint There's It your is For Give are as you you may know one my known lord , Nay , we . have MARCELLUS will my , In Nor swear't . not but Indeed Cries have sworn sword sword , We , Come the my . indeed my . the cellarage . fellow this you , stage . Art so . again Then sayst boy ha Ha Swear of Consent Never to my speak said you . th'earth good . friends so my , our heard ? meet — me — mercy . Horatio bear I , heaven welcome come never on help myself , 'Well you As 'If know Or to speak' That How are strange put such thus or such you we So mercy aught grace Beneath of me : 'We , times antic hereafter shall think , commend . giving 'There out need So as friending us . together pray I , Hamlet not poor and Let joint love lips born go , in is , a , right to go to a a ; a you you spite cursed . of his a I And a You do Of Nay , Give I will , marvellous his wisely said , Marry how That your as By and very him As Take What Than in know his you , and means it . finding Paris , sir said are you intend did what what first , at expense drift son ; where keep ? Reynaldo of more nearer well him you knowledge his , he's none very there , of and wild heed that , and noted forgeries so mark this lord . and liberty ? my companions him ' mean ' well very in part do and 'not my you , I but marry ; take say , please may As But and so wanton , most . You as you , no youth As Ay , that would . drabbing lord must You My may open but meaning they flash The my That's general the another he That Faith may outbreak savageness Of But good — a of lord unreclaimed his incontinency scandal : and assault should you fiery in taints to would , a sullies , 'twere , Wherefore lord in , you little slight it sir here's soil'd on fetch converse breathe crimes sound , him with you You And Marry believe party or is laying these thing ever Having As I a then Very so youth Mark the , does was , say to something does he say leave ? 'friend At At , By sir At about — Of sir What , ay thus such there him consequence' and consequence in 'I the yesterday gaming with enter and the , ' , day such tennis' forth such , a saw falling , of , With bait falsehood thus indirections , assays t'other , o'ertook in's you — you as rouse sale' See . or perchance in 'closes He I saw out you windlasses : and : say ; have , directions and of so this find My you have lecture a house of of lord inclination in . yourself out . Good have I , my music my . of . so been , in the have I God ? my , chamber unbrac'd , foul'd what's in . his knees gyved , with , hat Ungart'red as with a look his his his Pale , Ophelia the hell ankle all stockings - loosed in out horrors he , down was each knocking before fear . it arm to by wrist length hand such his He stay'd he mine of my little other took He goes And As last with falls to not said My lord would , At What he ? brow hard perusal Long of and held his all so ; turn'd head did seem'd last way his find doors me you given as the violent very fordoes love the ? command denied did words hard will ecstasy to the property oft As And to the with This , Whose What , I had not That quoted It And to I am His I thee meant As must be to known More lack grief discretion To which , hide To that hath sorry . as our sort . might . utter to to fear'd he did But ourselves for the younger than have sending Moreover This cast is More So cannot . th'understanding . it entreat him put , should to young of death himself the , up here youth brought of hath you , your neighbour'd days What rest so occasion afflicts you and your in and with , to much you of , to little so so as much That Good Your As fits visitation supply shall a Both . have of command And the Than to pleasures . in freely ourselves power you both here give We , into feet gentle some to you . Guildenstern service Rosencrantz and up our I And , Heavens changed son Pleasant these much Thanks and and My too And and and Norway and gentlemen joyfully Are from and and my , I Thou ? duty my hold my Ay Th'ambassadors Have I Hunts that th'ambassadors long do do — that or , not very to of policy lunacy bring grace sweet shall the them that he great my all queen found in distemper hath . to that I first be news feast . sift , But be Upon against was better a first Most On vow ; To It our nephew's his levies of he which to out our the truly impotence arrests brief age , his ; desires appear'd ; out uncle against overcome of 'gainst to into , sent Highness borne Makes Was levied With give Receives To On therein regards your to please allowance quiet and to read , consider'd time us , It our to Answer at And thank Meantime Go your to more feast we'll night to your welcome rest you , to Most think set safety you it That Why day What My but nothing majesty should and and together took . labour . ended be is business I What , I I with waste day Therefore call I but But go 'tis 'tis pity And will brief it More That is't , tediousness Mad a remains effect defective the him true say rather Mad he is , will And art true less art . pity , no . remains defect this use by and , mark a — Ophelia is surmise , Perpend mine vile beautified most , have — and duty the obedience is shall : daughter , hear ? will , fire be move phrase the , have I machine to , daughter ; show'd liar to truth that , this stay Doubt thou from ; Came awhile the Adieu him . me it is love whilst most my hath , to All hath , never But love most more given mine , me ? and , his love ear hath how do fell in As What by But they of honourable what hot or , think , that the , think faithful this , me , tell you think , you - and with did sight , work bespeak went , herself messengers then I no tokens precepts to her gave thy his , thus , a , the receive short queen dumb , of , make a weakness of by and he . this for tale out ' prince — took lock And should she That must not Hath It have When positively I there may And all you such declension , think be time raves very I'd so know , hid it , that . will ? know that if I though me otherwise said . try we may How Where If circumstances , four lobby indeed , to the . him then arras her thereon , love assistant will keep look wretch it state , leave comes carters , fall'n he If behind a . both me away reading ? Lord . Hamlet give - Well you well I'll But board does Excellent my beseech Away , know a . a honest lord man . lord goes thousand dog is , be my lord my , carrion a That's I would Honest , of sir , dead true ten world this , he , very my , love far . not daughter Friend is a look to't lord fishmonger . He is Yet gone but lord for read ; as What . I I — to speak Words my he ? harping much suffered was Still who read my that eyes plentiful that ? old slave words the Between words , matter you , lack like , have of a method thus and grey set down you crab in't ? there , a their says . men wit I here which be should I hams , For the are . gum their faces madness out this Though sir , believe yourself . weak , Aside that are could honourable sanity contrive cannot My You not A you is so the means o' out , except , will I sir from my that , part daughter leave will and . him How my more life reason hits madness meeting him life often on and you will except take I most of lord me , my , take life Fare tedious , seek well you These the save honoured dear you Hamlet , lord lads the earth Guildenstern ? ye , that the very shoe her Fortune's the we Happy in of dost , the not do How cap soles are are of over ; Ah Then you about of parts my None O ? Fortune Neither live my On the the a my ? honest me my hither deserved Let . middle my . is true ? friends to lord prison Denmark's my Then Then doomsday particular my near Prison , my more at ? question , either my . it nothing is for , is a world Denmark one the confines We Why , thinking then bounded ambition you not which ; one 'tis makes it makes , were could infinite think . be are of so dreams I a shadow a have , too but a heroes , I . servants . for attended my rest at dreadfully of . th' ? man ROSENCRANTZ beggars but bodies . beggars' in poor , upon reason we court and not you I what thanks a free . not ? And , you speak , nay lord sent for you But Elsinore . thank I ? Come occasion ; it Is ? even , justly Is am I , anything ? I To . love But , the your know But purpose good which You Queen lord you , Guildenstern , have To , even preserved teach me the by direct What sent an then I eye off of , lord your , but late the earth seems it the and wherefore King know indeed majestical roof appears exercises I tell What man how , fire sterile mirth this , custom it , promontory why : a express , than in most goodly secrecy excellent frame to ; my Queen shall , lost look how , a how , air , fretted me is and me my thoughts not ? admirable o'erhanging pestilent noble foul golden yet like thing to moving apprehension work of piece a form in paragon the faculties , Man smiling was there dust angel an though quintessence , on service target ; peace ; me' delights man foil — you part blank verse th' shall the I not then receive are they hither shall , my , laugh you did Why the shall Even you the and those players freely laugh wont gratis those humorous use . from shall knight make clown shall He of it think the their Do hold same they , such chances profit inhibition ? it , How wonted they pace out but ? are , not . is of question and fashion top the . rusty ; are them call the eyases . cry on — come thither they How did they indeed Do ? followed they so clapped for't 'em ? say ? that the there scarce and goose should quality are rapiers so of endeavour in now These dare are to much them tarre has bid been to them do went for ; while to question and the sides and players succession do in the no cuffs , money Will wrong they are holds them the nation ? a player away of brains King boys throwing about his load and . those , give twenty little in , it there , not , is a something in are , garb lest welcome you is appurtenance Gentlemen this fairly outward welcome are . of , should more to the welcome There . Elsinore ceremony like appear lord When . is . clouts is old hearer swaddling the each of too you . a say his it , mad , baby Happily will My to : news news a me them players for 'twas man . That indeed actor you to was When Monday morning have tell to , lord are tell of the so . I for you Buzz honour on either historical - heavy These too the are Plautus scene for only , comedy treasure . ' , light historical poem passing judge my Why , th' daughter the men thou more well and — he ? Still daughter a have , right well you me , then my lord my , call Nay I lord , Why comes as lot , God , pass of the , thou to welcome my my row friends , lady a . God see thee well to Thy ! old beard O It to . in not a We'll , to't , We'll . last , by quality all have . your ! all ladyship friend ? nearer glad Denmark is to general , a straight , be play cried scenes there matter no said called remember the it , but it I in the as One method speech honest but , affectation of . well the above , heard for matters in , this more handsome than the top mine it if million others an — as fine , no down set . such I judgements in , one 'Twas not so : it he , lay his is chiefly author memory loved at Priam's , where gules and begins whose to , If it live , horse complexion Head . black the did the , mothers daughters dread slaughter . with arms foot smear'd , gore wrath discretion good . and , well God Rebellious his Anon like Roasted and impasted a murders a parching o'ersized Old Pyrrhus to command and the arm at With my Striking , too to Priam whiff . and with in . Repugnant 'Fore lord lies of strikes wind Unequal rage For . blow , ear declining i' his . rack , proof for forg'd him bleeding eterne fall did The Out Doth A As bold out remorse Priam . sword , hill from down to low As And Aroused never , armour Mars's With for barber's This is as the nave shall He's a Say on 'The 'Mobled ! bisson the About Where burst Unless But if Fortune's had her diadem and themselves did malicious husband's that , sport her tongue o'erteemed and clout A , stood all in blanket this A instant mincing gods with mortal passion out no not players well speak the you a and bestowed the , you were report you abstracts ? and gods his are the , more rest of . you Do brief bad have them Use . deserve much , more them . is merit better will I , Use the Follow , friend Ay lord a down and insert . could some . play a . not . you leave look , wi' b' Good lord player . am ! aspect wan'd visage in's function Hecuba , nothing he do , tears indeed amaze - and and the mad The Like defeat whose can Who me . my a my , unpregnant i' my face does : take it liver'd lungs me , most dear for life ? across coward king , Yet of a Am not cause made property to , 'Swounds ! As Plucks me deep off Tweaks Why That , slave's should offal have , Bloody , kindless villain , words with ! cunning , heard Foh very heart my upon't very the cunning cunning ! I like a the that . father looks but I devil The cunning spirit I'll of he cunning cunning , will tongue no I'll cunning his my , have these blench seen power , King of you by he all dangerous lunacy ? sounded aloof well state to himself of distracted him his receive of much of Did we Of he Most but in Most his his you gentleman . forcing that pastime to him Did free question , players we these our any reply . him of joy , told certain already about . true This And , think I as night to your matter the to me heart my leave for accident , delights edge content entreat ; doth inclin'd him and him to Good Sweet That bestow may Will Her have by Ophelia Affront , shall We And That for your wildness Will to wish virtues cause love behav'd seeing . unseen ourselves so judge , you for . I hope again , you . the be , both bring so part your good Hamlet's him wonted your — Ophelia , this conscience my give true in ! this , word my withdraw the beautied speech o'er colour visage devotion's with sugar ! the to is , most to ugly more smart is , 'tis to be of a sea that , or The Whether slings and arrows To and 'tis shocks sleep troubles , we the there's to natural say to die to thousand sleep in the them to dream , have give that makes calamity pause wish'd heir : off of That oppressor's The For To The For Devoutly us we That flesh be to ; sleep in is to perchance dispriz'd , the That The To that the and he himself dread ? might his weary fardels make spurns , of time quietus life would Who us No And With When grunt of a will bourn those we that country undiscover'd traveller makes does returns a The sicklied Is fly the of the cast turn a this lord many thy remember'd , Soft hue of all resolution of action pith us know not of , their , longed pray I I Be your Good for remembrances to long well , re gave , No have have all How does my , I . you breath , did compos'd the sweet , more when ; know right prove their for , mind lost perfume lord givers my . unkind ; honest you never words poor And As Take gifts Are My ! fair ? ha , Ha Are your fair you ? beauty gives . you a beauty , to it is Could Ay if what likeness for This Indeed not but have my . of have but once you ; of I of will the time inoculate you cannot believe . it wouldst . lord I beauty honesty me . not am me . so stock thee You should believed indifferent for relish virtue ? sinners I breeder deceived more but more could the I ; mother , should knaves all imagination had borne believe . arrant upon in's the doors , house him At none . as give I lord but . that you help are , O : men know , thee plague if what as as powers O fool farewell pure well ; heavenly of heard a your and your , too another . me you God . marry escape thy ! Be them . marry , your say , but you you given and . nunnery I , a . too paintings make hath amble wantonness all mad made o'erthrown sword wretched quite of , is noble and rose observers of suck'd The shall , live ; O , rest scholar's of bells see seen Like courtier's The glass Th'observ'd , soldier's fashion , Th'expectancy Nor Love spake which danger his I some he like do with jangled the sweet Blasted His on that what unmatch'd ecstasy madness doubt Haply it set I melancholy quick neglected tribute , England determination , the and with , in thus heart expel different speed his This his himself well and commencement of variable matter . The the demand seas and our in shall , shall to : grief I . said Hamlet as alone , fit mother confine find , after lord let Sprung It From . You if queen what How , My . us love yet do it conference plac'd England Of I'll . be Madness so . you I I it - pray tongue the speech if beget to very may robustious to split periwig , you as a part the , soul to hear that crier town your the . my say it give , thus but may , rags out . too I have Herods warrant It and , offends the torrent must passion . Termagant avoid Herod are a noise most temperance - would such capable . both up the overdone cannot unskilful of . own , modesty I a fellow you your . o'erstep and playing not word ; neither you that , overdone let the the of tardy though theatre , pagan , off judicious to observance and so , virtue the , profanely make the the others having , that have altogether we it hope is down O Christian a seen . for meantime considered though laugh more too be the set set , themselves I reform and piece lord uses . And on some make you work that my it and villainous some necessary . this , too hear ? ready Go . fool How the Will Bid Will you two . help them lord . good the but I a . service lord cop'd should hinges . I from e'en not dear pomp , spirits be flatter , For thou election thou , a not , please pipe Fortune's that for distinguish nothing been those , of this heart of Give well and man King , the much heart will too before near circumstance , all and - father's . seen , imaginations my That they , prithee , scene One In , is not ay it . in will will we after I As is not the , have For mine censure he Do Even with Vulcan's my Give him one judgements . place must idle Polonius , King . the my aught Danish chameleon's Get . Guildenstern I Enter cousin capons I ? faith I nothing How our Polonius Hamlet of cannot answer . lord now To you My . feed so are words you , these dish fares ; was play'd actor . me part Julius I did did Ay , brute a was of That What you ? did him Lady attractive by sit your lap me more mark . that ? lord country nothing That's my my , a What merry thought to , lord Ay think you I my You are , fair Nothing , Who ! mother how Nay O a heavens 'tis wear , within's two , ' ! whose is , let maker only jig . great he Enter She a hobby and makes Queen kisses very , the Nay man's , sables build must ! then ? long with , exits takes She with some end the woos action . the or pours body is King the seems . Poisoner The to Queen . kneels seeing crown The . and declines , seeming this the . mischief ? it lord awhile you meant ? to not tell know , Belike this or any our I'll mark : to for tragedy your , ashamed means . play and naught of the or beg We Here For naught You Is to are a prologue clemency lord love . ring my sheen round . woman's Phoebus' wash times Tellus' orbed and , commutual our So is lord from o'er count us love woe again journeys you distrust women's In Unite hearts many fear love my my as Where little littlest doubts grows extremity love Yet and cheer or , siz'd the , great fear is , you fair world to , behind do , leave : treason let husband but husband needs O love In wed None second . second , my as , kind , of none thrift of time believe second Are must who wormwood the , is determine unripe when that , fruit ourselves the to sticks mellow is we ourselves to ending ourselves in passion slave , me but , the forget they to . lose propose , memory now you . we slender most or grief 'tis not lament accident , love . joy . debt we grief , enactures not our even world joy Their To pay What aye , with revels joys aye Grief Where aye wills fates : tend enemies favourite flies fortune yet or mark friends aye where still ends doth of on hollow his enemy try , aye , begun run none of wed aye , our husband night , is , light heaven first dead own lord overthrown so do are end him I and be the well me face prison pursue , she blanks in my thy when , scope hope , joy destroy it , it be wife . awhile twain . keep much word ? in't , there Is poison , argument ? the ? play play she'll but you do jest in call her methinks offence no , the ? have wince , nephew withers the see . us not . love if are you I take off my , keen , to chorus my , lord . could . and , raven . Pox bellow agreeing time , infected thrice collected . immediately . name's You Italian choice the in life for's th'garden murderer property , story how The Gonzago . wife Gonzago's shall , Give Give me my my while , watch the my weep ; go . light my my For must turn , my roses Provincial cry share in ; a fellowship Half me get Turk dismantled now A , realm dost A rhymed , know himself very This thou , very have . for word ghost's Very perceive I'll , Upon did Horatio the ? pajock You lord . note well of . like some well , music I music Ah music my Sir Ay Is music retirement music in music , The not , signify would perhaps choler this with rather me for wisdom lord , doctor , am in The , good please commandment my . answer mother my , cannot lord I , What , diseased shall a she so heels ten trade she obey with this mother that Then at times in the you were us love ? I , is lord my shall desires to speak , your if of and me distemper , liberty Sir when To the proverb Denmark the in succession you I surely friend ? advancement griefs . King for do me into why toil , unmannerly a is you — grows grass the one too love my play this cannot not lord me I do these it the stops . I no : as But to you any utterance . my me sound , do ; you of , are music make pluck the in instrument play me upon sir you cannot Queen , lord God would you and played , My to compass a fret , cloud yonder would speak almost like camel a weasel it you with you , presently Or Methinks backed is like . a like and Very by I . by . mother by me of time hell could Soft now and . not to Would to And churchyards yawn world very the and By drink hot mother ; this not , be none : ever not out , such look How in tongue of me give my To he And terms your his let like Hazard will holy To We life is mind of depend but fear provide it safe is draw a thousand lesser doth a The whose of That To With single The the spirit What's To Are Attends sigh to put too fetters will I small annexment but you and us . this , Never with - to I'll warrant . hear Behind , My the said some 'Tis And lord The And call My stronger to defeats guilt a speech Since my , And I Though hath murder It O offence brother's like where as be What pause neglect white snow . What prayer up What , What offence come what form possess'd queen my ? What retain currents corrupted pardon'd ? What ? with rain there wash And be pardon'd What to it To being down . be prayer the this twofold . and am look I'll to did , Forgive But past is cannot effects the out one be own which ; for crown May Of My There Buys Try wretched can the to what struggling be of babe Make ! Help and heart well , now he is do - free assay as not ? steel revenge not my . heaven To With , A And Now When fit in . who of , as salary do grossly blown knows for hire is father crimes audit broad this his how And the season'd ; in then passage horrid his more salvation be may physic , And This that That , relish his goes heels damn'd black . below remain . go never prolongs it whereto The My words fly but him without and your pranks straight my thoughts , thoughts , him not stood and be Look too lay with ? offended . tongue tongue ? Hamlet idle wicked ? you the now forgot rood , are by Queen , You not husband's not And Nay would the No the Have so your , so so those to you you till sit you inmost the down you so set that shall a of ! Draws ? so ducat ho ! so ? so , me help , wilt not help Thou , help , dead slain thou I hast am . it Is done ? is good the with as and bloody and a a bloody kill A Polonius Thou And took wringing Leave To What In be have not penetrable , and busy thy , 'twas , for hands , rash Take some Peace better intruding . sense . modesty ? a innocent , the face oaths blister a sets And That As from dicers' As Yea rhapsody The this The roars Look so Ay Is thought loud upon two seated was of front the presentment picture , grace , Mars of Jove . this and in the index ? himself command hill , seal mildew'd assurance Look , Blasting is wholesome his world brother this your husband you was batten Could on heaven your call on it heaven cannot in ? the moor blood judgement the ; tame , have to feed , heaven humble you ear ? you ! for heaven follows heaven , heaven it's eyes your . age thrall'd what sense have that , blush sense all ? hoodman , Rebellious as bones wax Proclaim matron's , the shame no , gives be a in mutine thou flaming youth own ardour as reason If And Thou Hamlet mine O see not , Nay As O Over like more No speak sweet , daggers to an and more . ears tithe the , rule part sty mine ; a not lord the cutpurse A corruption sweat in the the , honeying . in Hamlet enter no ; of villain is slave precedent A heavenly tardy mad son passion , chide dread to by go command , lets This visitation ? soul sits purpose . works . Hamlet her on you , with , to do is't your lady , vacancy hold do eye thy thy strongest bodies amazement mother fighting with How Speak it how you on air excrements son look glares ? do of O pale . he to gentle , stones , me I there this ? blood all ; whom you see you colour do Do Nothing look did you Nor , in No there you at coinage very , even where father goes he My Why , Look This , avoid , film my what mining compost your soul virtue ; good , within all yourself these pardon beg times . weeds pursy Forgive leave my worser of vice heart to to sense , go with have uncle's mine yet not frock , you in fair gives if or . put is who all kind a lend Refrain next The of angel . hast of other of easiness , him or to but of are . can That And the use potency the ; blessing Once desirous heaven with punish That will must you beg this their , be . begins bad Thus death gave must I bestow and , him again worse good lady and will I word The bloat , that I , no him this by wanton on What shall good One , tempt you call am neck pair damn'd in not . queen fair you madness a bat matter good this , again his with reechy of all to his , him let , out Who from 'Twere sense of despite , secrecy do wise ? creep top the , ape , famous . basket gib , so like in , break breath I must hast , What thou I England had letters Whom For with marshal me mandate knavery . will fang'd my ; go schoolfellows , meet 'tis mines , packing me the Indeed in Who lug . a toward an night to life , sir Come Is I'll still will shall guts into man This And , most was Mother now Good matter There's . fit your have my Bestow Where ; these translate must Ah Whips as his Mad Which Behind The out kills stir his , How ? something 'A ! us so is It It you liberty would be laid , the But Should have not from on We To This Even To mad keep like will full the , kept Alas pith it restrain'd of . a life understand man short so was , He he owner body apart young body To Among pure very the body itself no , mineral draw O'er But Both Friends , body a body Shows ship body body both Come what's . And , untimely o'er the them may miss our , body shot as And Go seek Into Gertrude , call both chapel out his Hamlet And soul full let his poison'd woundless As hit level you Within and Safely stowed Hamlet is of discord and . What noise us done Tell have What Do it not that we the . it take chapel it , bear 'tis to Believe what your replication and made for of counsel what a . that sir ape an But ; soaks officers Take like them authorities swallowed : sponge can last when , understand you , the the it glad am must us corner sponge you corner dry , it the to us body The . corner ear corner the go not is in lord , what needs , corner . where speech knavish King Of corner . to Bring tell with me have not we it seek How must put him Yet dangerous sent where 'tis in lov'd like so This not judgement scourge and desperate on law the must are desperate By Deliberate seem smooth To . never But What not all Or pause . him bear th'offender's distracted man this all grown from hath reliev'd . befall'n ? is but , sudden Where cannot my lord is ? pleasure at ? How , Without Now , us your Where supper ourselves ? eaten we , of of , That's variable and but . one your but worm that is fat is beggar creatures and all worms may eats , else him that Alas hath a that , mean through your . thither heaven but to show Where is ? worm fish man with Send Nothing place stay He may . Polonius But indeed him progress you the . lobby , dearly the into not there there . come wind prepare , hast fiery which Which deed thou , To month , this within that ready , the everything at , thee send bent thyself , is So , thou if Thy loving . mother father man . Hamlet man , Come . come ; But knew'st and for them and at mother and him ; foot it ; it mother is my so leans for England And else That my great yet my Danish After Away Delay As , By For death of me hectic conjuring thou imports were . blood that and free , he Do thy , I Till in cure the Hamlet joys know it England , begun 'tis rages ; mayst awe , done . of You Majesty that , greet license a from me his . kingdom the Captain , Go If Over Good whose are , Norway sir you . sir ? these , them . it would profit little them ground name or and the frontier no but with them them farm Pole them . in garrison'd them ducats straw ! no you , without be not . it . my straight you go do . dull occasions That is the question wealth . and humbly sir thank shows , a against of beast gave godlike after and A such us made To A And yet have To Why do't I . will To will to will the How argument then great , a to be will . kill'd quarrel death Rightly event puff'd will invisible ambition , and , I see will stand , to , of and plot fame for trick shame fight , unsure dare danger , be or ? tomb , be I She Her is importunate not speak , will will mood needs What would much world tricks th' i' speaks There's , speaks , and in is have hems things doth be distract . hears beats . straws unshaped the carry she ; says ? for , ill spoken , words to She Spurns That Which enviously at up ; of aim and breeding great some is true amiss . minds , to sin's as , Let in sure one she much nods and make she my 'Twere in itself spills It sick soul toy the So Where is beauteous , Ophelia ? Denmark spilt Majesty shoon hat true love staff . imports pray gone He sweet How I your From By his gone sandal should ? song turf stone Ophelia . you heels a and , this mark what green , grass a mountain dead is head but mark here Alas his , bewept Which Larded , sweet flowers not ; grave owl baker's showers pretty you true love we not How you dild ! let's Conceit have what , you but what the , your , table daughter lady be her ; this : dupp'd rose a All up I more a that door clothes maid , Valentine maid and window without oath ! to't end Charity Gis an , Let Cock Young and , the And Quoth thou I So How ha' done , my by wed , on't an make By An , come you to thus . counsel brother choose shall night , cannot I my you pray watch grief , good your ladies ; her this so they All her from of , close think I sorrows in . come But it weep all And thank We must good , greenly whispers and done have thoughts ; unwholesome and , O Next is father's the death Gertrude , springs ; Gertrude , most he First they ; just son your When Last the Divided good Thick Feeds And not buzzers keeps come death ear in containing pictures fair all from . we in and her we herself to much as brother pestilent With speeches secret inter and on his and which necessity . a and Will as to , this places death , Gertrude arraign , the . many beggar'd in piece Let is Alack Where are , what Gives me ? door , list . superfluous Switzers young flats , What Save The Than cry ratifiers we Antiquity the and They 'Choose , The hands , offices Laertes ocean , The rabble a , be shall 'Laertes Caps How , The the , him but in riotous custom props king , applaud Laertes they false , on counter tongues as , And this king ? cheerfully is O I We will you we give pray , Danes leave without . good O . thou king calm my the mother unsmirched . Laertes proclaims harlot like a me go Let — peep Do hedge it . my . will but doth what father , to — divinity Tell ? man art Acts That That him go can Speak There's such incens'd his is But demand ? dead Let he him ! Conscience hell came allegiance damnation Where . the give for comes to point , you my . world them little with husband the . so . revenge , foe well in writ go shall They , certainty , loser then ? them enemies ; gentleman father's true my . arms pelican ope them kind life - good now and as her come in . 'pear it speak blood wide Why , his good Repast with in grief a sensibly a of to . shall And am now up our Till heaven out ! and beam kind brains is't , the mortal , maid sense shall thy my madness turn the scale By Dear And on his non is Should They you thou Hadst wits could thy you and not Fare , It It call . that stole a . remember , you . would you and ; Sundays . for There's thoughts and a my when it , may bonny wither'd all . good sweet difference For and And She . for you and columbines . herb Robin is ? dead - he come bed come will is again come , b' . will , thy death not not white wi' ye , apart Go our will . friends collateral , direct and judge and satisfaction this we And Our If us our in to give His , you find Make they you To Be means noble sword , heard of nor formal ostentation heaven I , To rite to be pray you let go trophy , so jointly , his with , question you that are I where th'offence So is would me . the That shall with letters I Let if have for in Hamlet . they . of from speak not , thee . you . sir name . these were for ; if be is your Ere , for a There's shalt sail . On this England bound I that Let him . appointment put , it you for They of have to give warlike overlooked prisoner are have a gave us have pirate slow I alone they what I fly , will for . course . dumb your letters , direct that for These ; fellows thine to as make wouldst . sent am to thee I I ; they much have too : England may these whom you the him must put conscience must your and he And Now you It Pursu'd hath me , appears against these slain a , nature father , Sith That safety , two , You may As by your mainly you me virtue Lives , his myself , reasons . and be looks almost proceeded So and you Why special stirr'd , all things wisdom perhaps strong were for O , by they yet or to She's That his reverted timber'd graces ; might bear to that their , go affection , my . again age back of But my may praises on . You so . into driven if not her sister not And Stood For are made your That we A And think we can let and danger , the all our beard flat come Break I my ? hope From your Majesty this , Who the Queen ; my Of They Hamlet to Sailors Laertes , Leave shall you Reads lord He . set your leave beg your asking and mighty I shall . kingdom , more Are some it , such rest and recount I them . brought you sudden ? ' 'alone ! ' ? he in Can advise me let . hand the my a am And shall It lost it Hamlet's If it be so to But in sickness here postscript tell I tell the and , 'Thus diest tell , rul'd , not . o'errule be my So tell That Under To more tell No checking exploit And which own will to he tell If tell As death his the But at , now ripe I and he voyage it lord to that his in my device fall practice , breathe rul'd mother And for you it an call will accident no wind shall ; much quality be devise organ travel , him youth , siege . in Your . that the they As Did have falls of Hamlet's And is and such pluck shine one riband What that Wherein Had light A very and careless for in age and gentleman serv'd against , Two of doing brought grew such , a sables that wears , months — So topp'd my natur'd unto horseback on wondrous . forgery Come So brave As had he what tricks - So he far and did ? same So A Norman Norman life my So So Upon The him He . And you gave He for could He know I He He the of masterly defence , He nation ? He dear envenom like face out sudden out was this but envenom coming envenom nothing Did you If Or envenom What envenom I begun not know envenom Time And But qualifies Not envenom my There you , you For in And or to . at snuff you like too for delays many changes , you ; you , father , you , love , this hands like the your back . and a 'would' still , o' in church . deed to would spendthrift pleurisy That growing would a what : 'should' abatements his own we , But by this , tongues son father's hath And Hamlet easing are there As The you should heads and Frenchman No To his More throat sanctuarize your all so shuffling in your , a father pass foils free and him a , you praise you a have no those , on return'd set And not Or A And So Most with draws no unction purpose bought blood the , ease being my knife so rare mountebank a that I'll save I'll do't in have my , simples death him I sword . that simples This May Under Collected to drift not have simples that With what us fit simples And Should did a our better When your . violent your simples make As a simples blast Let's both . through look 'Twere Weigh our back or second Soft you , hold another's , stuck but whereon ; prepar'd have venom'd . heel drown'd upon sister's your escape make O brook . name purples sweet , now woe Your where glassy , call make aslant the she and ? fast cold on to she like hang That Fell There When weeping a and creature her of But . chaunted , the maids , hoary willow in boughs shepherds down wretch envious sliver bore distress tunes , them long and clothes herself coronet give grosser pendant Clamb'ring snatches of Her incapable element poor , then from , be , up , indued melodious muddy her she hast my , drown'd . death garments is their it say be will trick nature water what of woman will folly , to to follow I this Adieu When a The How Now I speech therefore I fire . forbid these , holds ! seeks her burial Christian The straight grave her ? when . she ? defence the . crowner point and found For here her burial wilfully she 'tis else , to and , sat thee she be act but herself wittingly is : and three delver , will and guilty to drown act . you hear the and . you this . It I if drown myself wittingly water , goodman perform man she , not life stands law water good Here come is not shortens , ha' there countenance Come this thou gardeners Why Will marry own law gentlewoman but Adam's profession than should a Christian quest this not . have . gentlemen had arms to not ? the understand he that ever none purpose confess another ? If a to question even , heathen he the me thou ? a he Why ? dost first bore . without , either ? faith those in maker ; for carpenter that gallows is well gallows that stronger well well builds than mason tenants . dost a argal gallows To't , can and , the , thou gallows carpenter unyoke may . come ; church to that do or tell that . 'a his not . me , Ay Marry no houses and more , beating - about when you are for this love did makes a maker' ; me The with thy Cudgel it ; when it there feeling grave fellow Custom , of O the me his , daintier easiness in with And As never I shipp'd stealing employment a little such . clutch first . hath steps age hath ; claw'd But and , pate would might the 'twere me a it in might one , ' ? which This courtier had it murder ! now spade . Ay horse be my my Worm's fine no bones , beg lord he so a sexton's Did these when one's revolution more , lord might it , a 'Good lord chapless shrouding . made , sheet to is clay - and For and pit a guest for Mine such spade , ache ? pickaxe O Mine quiddits There's his rude Mine that , and another with dirty now Mine see't . at loggets A Mine quillets his , Why Hum Mine . This fellow this no recoveries . and recognizances the this of For not great very of , of action double the Will his the the - skins ? too of , calf ha this no ; and , fines his fines and of his his lord skins a Not a have are this fellow Mine of guest for sir , pit such assurance this made jot . sheep - seek in . I ? sir . it 'Tis is therefore say in't indeed made liest thou and lie not do away and the be , on't for to lie You , sir ; will ? from liest thine again for dost man . to thou none For no I it is you . neither What woman We ! Who . be man , rest in't dead the have or , card . thou How taken peasant years the kibe ? to't came I galls Horatio a , th' that that — maker he picked that Lord is sir - day sent the our the , must grave year that he is Hamlet o'ercame courtier the fool been tell Hamlet you was because in 'Twill , he marry ? born , that mad no why tell was his there mad the he ? he mad or there are came Faith Upon How I . years , losing what here , with th'earth i' lie rotten hold laying in he or that be long year tanner he before ground sexton man he nine great eight water body his a . dead sir will more than will will have rot nine is was his that last another die — as , the not so your a nowadays while And whoreson A This on , was for , skull , rogue a same sir it do Yorick's not know I fellow's . A Whose you flagon of was the poor . a skull , pour'd , that ? This . fellow know me borne Let on , I to get ? Not flashes how My his ? one , lord my , that tell me at let . paint an Prithee this think smelt ? my lord ! Pah th'earth one thing fashion not - may find to Horatio it Why too he him died . trace Alexander , with so hole follow as it dust into jot consider Alexander loam O patch that wall ! King soft dead - the the ! is that they . in away , King ? Trains Who flaw wind the courtiers corse some t'expel t'expel estate . and of t'expel The t'expel very t'expel That is t'expel far noble have ceremony . as What a ? Mark . they we life What 'Twas awhile ceremony warranties that but , Laertes , Yet she last the And here , should As we Her strewments and and pebbles She Till command was the have o'ersways trumpet allowed the charitable prayers thrown be unsanctified ground Of Must profane should sing sage As her , i' requiem No We To no be ? done more there service - the . dead flesh th'earth priest ? have been the fair bed sweet . grave not . thou her peace parted A May violets spring minist'ring When tell my liest churlish . unpolluted , be sister howling the thou I Scattering hop'd strew'd Depriv'd Till thought - I strew'd o'ertop dust Now strew'd her the and in cursed maid , strew'd an Till strew'd emphasis is the stars ? This grief wand'ring whose mountain you strew'd this Hamlet wounded Dane hearers - wonder Like your upon Of blue old of in not . him Conjures Bears Which I Grappling Pluck thy ! Gentlemen let For quantity wag thousand forty no him brothers theme love for . their love , sum Ophelia God of he is me woul't Could my For up O thou'lt eat what him : crocodile thyself woul't do , her of Laertes fast forbear to here do ? will our zone them let so ! prate . 'Swounds woul't ? up ? against quick me pate on thou Singeing Make Ossa silence His , her , you reason Hear that But ever he day matter me sir work on ? upon him — present ; speech night's your . watch the son push monument see . wait over living we shall be . the ! me see circumstance let ? fighting lay . the . Rashly . know us , us serves , well and it bilboes let that — ends we them that shapes - sleep there lord a , our should , us . will . fine , desire , most most in certain most had me the , most , cabin scarf'd to - most from packet own I their Finger'd To Grop'd sea most My commission Oh fears royal Larded With , Importing with many ! I where ; knavery , ho That to Denmark's possible read Is't , how me , hear more leisure , villanies brains , to me fair do , know , now , down — much our , I faithful the conjuration of wrote palm his was good tributary still them , The should a 'as'es like might of her their of 'tween wheaten know comma England between peace As As As Ay An from like on view the many stand the - debatement should Without Not That And He , had was shriving in even Why my Which Folded Subscrib'd The I our Thou . of seal purse , sequent incensed — defeat employment their ; conscience Does He Does that not hath To Thrown it Why And quit And a I man's short To such his arm canker further with him The tow'ring here back passion comes his his a bravery to Laertes I forgot the my court the portraiture For right sir No you , is , lord my . to waterfly know him beasts . and , beast say I . vice lord of should beast I Put . hot your beast very wind spirit . beast northerly beast . lord for indeed , beast my hot complexion . is 'tis the , head 'tis of for the my cold , 'twere as — to this . bade , me is signify very sultry indifferent cold it is is Sir he that — matter the you Sir . faith an , of ; soft mine me continent no him he is the ease the inventorially , divide him differences , find of him definement suffers in neither his , yaw Sir such extolment I dearth his is and and take rareness mirror , Your The concernancy ? sir not purse empty already Of nomination of words gentleman ? are will , Laertes sir ? tongue . in another the Laertes Of Laertes What Laertes His did Laertes not dare I You Laertes are confess to for , not but sir know his that , a weapon his in take I of as , sir two hath , That's delicate very as has imponed , are dear girdle , their I you would more against I to French it be swords six that's this is conceited horses . carriages Why sir three if . you on ? twelve him the would for . person If I . the it foils will my , Let but the walk to come would with day here deliver - nothing shame flourish . tongues else head for's . he , yeasty — most the dotes kind — shell . my commend Yours well lapwing and same bevy time carries but blow are , has on on Thus trial them the or young , pleasure Osric who if the , will King's , hall you by the or to . whensoever they you are . coming as that him commended , Majesty that hold lord to mine , constant is pleasure him speaks I fitness am King think You so shall . I not all's practice do gain of kind giving a perhaps , anything but foolery dislike hither mind say a not I forestall the their not fit be it . to readiness providence what . will to if The me leave come . hand come is't heard fall is from , what he leaves take have you are you pardon't knows your , from not it does he's wrong'd Hamlet Hamlet does Roughly This That How I presence might Was't awake If when And Hamlet Then it is Hamlet , of me That I Till To keep I do I have And I'll Your this star Stick mock No , know young . star . hand sir . Cousin star star I star the foils You star has Grace Your not Very do . length hit you ; therefore odds have we , This well me the If Set The Or the that have trumpet to cannons to heavens judges you the The the to And Denmark's King on sir lord . Hamlet my Hamlet Come , Come the , Hamlet , Hamlet One Hamlet , Hamlet No a Judgement , Hamlet A drink Well Hamlet this , again pearl . cup the health set ; Give to . bout thy Here's this . give , me Another , fat He's A Hamlet touch Queen Our and carouses The Come I'll son my Good , take to thy . fortune drink you too me late pardon ; yet cup the Gertrude will And yet , by face By . now but of violence dally . conscience almost do me You your Laertes third am you you so on wanton . best . now you at Laertes Have in scuffling wounds are they , incens'd ! again Queen Nay them come there ? Osric ? lord , Hamlet ! O ! see the am I drink them the Queen mine does to my How to swoons , the drink ! the drink She , no No , O Treachery ! Ho . the in , world not Hamlet Hamlet is instrument . an half , do hour thy . Then and Treason , thy LORDS OSRIC , The again Thy the too , envenom'd . I O yet Here defend , thou off He forgiveness is Follow Heaven I am that but are time Had You his let I in Mine thee dead That make mutes it Wretched , Dane have't . Heaven , hold from , in . awhile in me behind me . pain ? breath thy heart . Poland gives volley come from . is felicity shall live . England Horatio This England . my , spirit potent I rest come hither drum thee ? or woe you havoc This What does the this Where is it . thine thou toward many That So And ears affairs To bloodily of cries feast What wonder is aught is quarry is The is Had He But is That is since wars upon order give this that the unknowing shall yet to these is hear , slaughters casual So view world bodies you England from , placed be a stage cunning upshot heads . purposes forc'd unnatural to to us call me I from I For on And Of the , inventors' the And Let Truly To For up the , field off the Go Exeunt Becomes , the works will that the shot bodies editions Creating means so States and you ! can and and license very creation following anything such research and performances , works may use You in the be eBook trademark eBook this and purpose charge royalties of it in Terms General is for . you , distributing eBook paying you the trademark of electronic the works . license S subject States Redistribution . commercial United Gutenberg any the or way available . with in work any Gutenberg Gutenberg you distribution , modified ANYTHING copyright practically file terms phrase online Gutenberg at Gutenberg Project the part and , this of distributing with the license you . Project do of Gutenberg you , for any works . this work Full of using www gutenberg License reading . General . Section A electronic and destroy If you accept by terms Project trademark the as the . possession as to whom of Gutenberg B as entity terms on . Project Gutenberg with of registered set obtain as agree of do you , agreement electronic of the as help Gutenberg C things agree . PGLAF Gutenberg electronic works Nearly E as follow most way can without even you Project works electronic States right an . C . references to in and agreement Foundation States . United claim displaying If all same with to will creating prevent works removed , the in located derivative support electronic with by others . License work easily the hope you laws located terms of , most outside are addition the the also States this in Project or other any Gutenberg appear work , to work makes or no any must License , accessed distributed displayed work Gutenberg : the , the States restrictions under no it use this with it it be any that work access to individual . an you , United the country . cost anywhere in almost give Project holder the E . for associated United . trademark as permission requirements forth the not located derived in the with must with additional use paragraphs paragraphs fees on the . or an If either Gutenberg obtain set in the of Project copyright . E through . copyright holder Gutenberg Project Gutenberg of part at . a found all works detach this redistribute detach or , without with . Gutenberg detach Project including official , detach E . paragraph or Project other detach official at no of detach additional used in format Gutenberg Gutenberg Project means request copy the of posted org copy or Do . full not you , comply E ASCII , provide a , you obtaining . gutenberg . You . unless E You . the or fee of Gutenberg the applicable works gross calculated . to payments under your Project calculate of Archive Literary days required should be Literary to each prepare following clearly Archive full not refund donations money within the user physical copies F , to full or and Project of defect refund in a full of for days distribute free . to , agreement permission the considerable set Project in manager terms copyright forth do . and , Defects not to protected by Gutenberg collection identify U Project property data Gutenberg fees to you electronic NO REMEDIES expenses Project legal for Except . the a disclaim F , owner distributing Project STRICT you discover can - receiving paid of days any if within OR it the , medium you you money OF REPLACEMENT person provide If . to providing you it work or of defective the copy Except . the your written explanation work give the in you the work for If must that . second medium writing in refund you electronically demand may fix limited to of the of or 'AS certain set limitation not right , electronically . The or the may the this states exclusion state disclaimers in agreement disclaimer maximum of , any . warranties limitation violates damages the law be by any permitted provision remaining the interpreted to applicable or disclaimer INDEMNITY providing . trademark F of to and indemnify employee and hold works associated volunteers Foundation the any this of from modification distribution , any or the in anyone c , and with Project . the about Gutenberg to promotion agreement , harmless fees Project assistance Project from efforts of provide to of . Project In collection life of and Project . donations variety distribution Project , Project computers It to provide , Gutenberg's the with volunteers Gutenberg hundreds to created walks of Gutenberg Project the and page efforts Project tax granted corporation Literary Mississippi Revenue state The and the Information Gutenberg educational and Foundation and about EIN the Gutenberg the tax profit Foundation Archive gutenberg at about Archive future for and future . see Plaza laws at found be can information Archive to date Foundation's Foundation are contact Montclair number office The Service . The laws to to Foundation's U S distributed to array freely and Section NJ outdated the requirements in many fees not all IRS to equipment and carry Archive www . org can widespread the be exempt without - machine the number of are committed requirements and not solicit written contributions for of are of requirements from status solicitation offers , met cannot to donate but . we received Compliance is donations complying to the small who where . gutenberg U are and in web payments donate the accepting against have where we have . donations outside unsolicited . checks donations org . treatment are concerning please S of Gutenberg a including . freely concept Project Gutenberg created unless , library forty only . as compliance of editions Project . Most including Foundation how website how to email facility : includes make to people start keep which a www included often has . website edition is . the org gutenberg Project to . the Project hear to produce new our which about about eBooks , eBooks new