Stand Stand Stand , Stand Stand live unfold King Stand Stand . Stand watch them of you The And liegemen Give Give you who good hath night . fantasy our this Touching With That may Tush tush , That What against seen Last night of we sit Well us his star same two hear let Had made now thee Thou Looks it like a ; it , to with this and fair majesty It which march ? I thee , 'Tis and speak See ! Stay ! not will something think the ! God What ! look and might avouch believe hour . watch dead , to tell our my scope of work our by ; this I opinion not to know he state , cannon land observant me that ; war week sweaty , whose the day , task sore , Norway of us me inform I goes , now but even on ; of this side Well this slay Did forfeit Had been vanquisher . of Norway , resolutes , and sir of Fortinbras the , all and by stood Against he , the seiz'd with mettle , the inheritance ; article by the And to unimproved and His But to And source this post may was question of like these wars : the e'en portentous figure so streets sheeted Roman dews and fire of trains in and the fell the and Neptune's sun whose sick still the fierce doomsday influence the Upon in Have Unto earth of precurse to almost Was even ; like omen climatures and . demonstrated , again on countrymen . or , ease good . be fate , to me me thing , to avoid , done country's . me to to foreknowing thy , and may ! of earth and with will it at it , you Marcellus my it I strike Stop Stay partisan if 'Tis gone ! 'Tis wrong offer it it is our about was And Upon god of fire and that fearful is the day , and ; at spirit in earth the crowing Th'extravagant on the . or summons his the with Awake Whether Doth sea of erring object of that season then , all dare no to strike ; abroad charm , hill tonight advice to with our my have what high and . it this him fitting most Voltemand , our hearts in be To bear so in , brow far To With to equal mirth In in one better ; nor . wisdoms along Your Now that , weak Holding follows Or a state this Our not the father valiant ourself most the Thus our Now much his To His The You for Importing fail'd by Lost Norway , further gait impotent To this nephew's rid that , herein subject greeting further no these Of and and told And , business Giving bearers his you to with For articles personal than the Farewell You And That In Than is head The The Your From leave whence I thoughts them and your says my , France to ; toward at consent . last and wrung ; from and slow hard me you petition thy And fair more that so Good Not , is I lives in eternity to common is it madam , Denmark . sun the . die . know with , show suits me are denote they can trappings commendable lost Take it Why the what An heart understanding should heart ? we death To first the From This 'This must As be most the we Fie absurd and till ' , fathers reason against to A As fault the that are a father unprevailing You ; her thy not chiefest in Our Do And Let pray I O Or 'gainst resolve too too that Thaw this and That Fie grows Possess But Hyperion two His How Seem weary , stale all ; fie things it ; not face might a so should rank so , king nay . merely dead ; That Visit I Like O Would My left the such incestuous must come wicked she Why to cannot , nor , my It break is Had Ere Than brother the dexterity married She for glad to lordship myself you I or my ! sheets see do But Horatio , servant good that Marcellus : ever , forget — you Horatio Wittenberg name with , good you truant hear my it . But teach your your your I lord To your We'll , your it my funeral your the Horatio your Thrift prithee , My mock to , coldly I I your furnish ever , Indeed it not your father's . bak'd upon . heaven marriage meats funeral tables father . in goodly king a . take upon him think He once In my was a him I , saw Who King the , the dead together me hear pie solemn and , and waste and nights encounter'd point at before slow Goes jelly to , dreadful length fear , middle cap by oppress'd and Armed . them stately speak secrecy third night , father ; watch we like . The of But even Itself motion then from , lord My made up head I and did ; once speak , lord in cock , none answer lifted to sound it morning like our very it it do As And my , think it honour'd you the watch and . my Arm'd From , my you lord wore he red than ? his beaver up he Very beard , I MARCELLUS and haste was , it . Stay'd BARNARDO . a hundred , again tonight His I was watch walk itself your shall hold my will 'twill it an your platform Upon will requite else , my this sight ; person should . ye well . but no tongue , still all : farewell is to , My Till the sit Though then doubt spirit in to visit eleven the ! still play foul some your father's I mine necessaries sister , is let you and and doubt Do fashion in the the , Hamlet not perfume and , The , A , of no his And , Grows inward bulk crescent it more , grow this not alone and besmirch will , depends choice , his for is ; as subject to be state of unvalu'd on this circumscrib'd says , wide The In thews but as mind loves , that ; yielding so which withal may honour is he loves , whole further no chaste affection open ; of prodigal desire , your her unmask keep Ophelia in shot is to moon . dear , enough the of strokes calumnious of the be of imminent near keep ungracious and and But . some like a treads my not his path of , here father . heaven ; comes shame , you tongue memory thy his but hast thy not unto thou character Those thou each to entrance - hatch'd and by their with palm but in tried . thy : steel vulgar means . act no Beware , familiar quarrel may beware unfledg'd few , rich of entertainment being ; that thine a , voice reserve purse : man the but , as thy oft most Neither they loses dulls : a in For France apparel the of For And above borrower the best rank of the , then leave this in , blessing to the both nor all must canst Thou And This it Farewell go well . servants remember to you ? Hamlet you key lock'd , well touching the bethought you most to he Given , audience 'tis bounteous , yourself and , so ; on me : and up the tell must . many . made your ? daughter Marry do , you ta'en teach crack — tender the sterling of for a think ? girl green . what lord , I you And fashion ; importun'd love go lord . When may lord he In all holy speech , to my heaven . woodcocks , vows tongue light their Even You much with dye of not But I not better in so to Have would mere , you , I or It The ? Indeed Wherein I No spirit it of then this and pledge thus trumpet swaggering custom . a draughts ? his of his down lord , out bray here observance : revel and perform'd attribute native it than and our nature in guilty custom a of men , west addition and it wherein origin of cannot , birth in Oft clepe That virtues form of plausive livery they are not , corruption o'erleavens man man and man The manners man , as grace man comes it man scandal . man man damn'd blasts or heaven from spirit Angels Bring will father King ! us defend , a airs with That cast , night horridly , What and thee burst com'st , That I , is up op'd burst thy bones death , sepulchre ! to the go jaws marble glimpses to alone action steel complete in of and some you removed . fools what of we should not will away by then lord did the . to do itself , life life life life , lord follow ? pin's life a should what set soul a forth life immortal me tempt the o'er life That life Go It looks hears it fathoms to the brain summit to there into ? reason of , form horrible every it I'll . not body go not cries . Be Hold my makes I heaven with petty fate that . will thus Whither . ghost poor , Alas I hearing Pity not When To what And and Are Doom'd for I thy certain foul burnt for the day purg'd ? didst flesh a term to in nature on to house am of forbid O love most Make Like this thou of And each particular hair . porpentine ever eternal But and Revenge most But . is as fat this . Now , Lethe ! Murder most this in as , the best it ; strange meditation As May I not A And duller thou in in given ! have that wears that ; Rankly Now gifts his crown gifts lust shameful - traitorous gifts , gifts gifts gifts gifts gifts whose wretch to gifts So to seduce ! gifts . a , a be heaven link'd air a bed poor , vial pour a a , a a a ; did it milk and . body a brother's by of blossoms queen , bark'd tetter with smooth my , Unhous'led sleeping of to most on luxury howsoever Let not hast the ! my all No With thou my , disappointed , made was the but imperfections horrible reckoning couch A thou to and glow prick mother aught that nor incest . not be soul , this horrible in nature thy her her Fare thorns sting 'gins of to the . adieu . bosom at near fire to well damned , once . shows worm And The And those thee and of books commandment wipe from distracted poor ? observation forms all , fond book the saws , you , me ghost table . of of damned I , be so is smiling remember to . it ! woman it Meet . tables That O villain At So uncle HORATIO My , Now a smile there 'Adieu It , adieu have I am sure least one Hillo , my ! Not then you Ay There's say But an a ne'er Why needs right I And There your , that . the Denmark . knave arrant lord us To , hold so ; more we shake you fit and ; business circumstance at all hands pray own desire business man you whirling go for and they Yes There's much your honest Saint , and seen poor scholars request Give an by , may , you As Nay O'ermaster't Never make HORATIO but MARCELLUS have you will we , lord , what ? my not . faith not . I swear't . indeed . already . Swear there thou the in cellarage . lord have , fellow sword seen you this oath . truepenny , that . my . shift , we'll our gentlemen , upon Swear . again , my , you that . ground heard , good so strange . friends , fast , stranger , stranger , stranger , stranger stranger - and be they we , stranger welcome stranger earth help thus shall bear so , in stranger philosophy think you . But meet head or seeing never , giving me of speak' encumber'd , arms at an hereafter this never shake — on , you to note need : know' by such mercy aught list 'Well As , 'There to not gentlemen together pray right let's born That out was joint , cursed notes and set us friending as me to you ; lord money , I this good make shall , come , it . his visit marvellous do My ; Of will , my , Reynaldo said , expense know do encompassment said well you Before , to keep finding question of and at what where you it him , nearer , sir more and in are what , who company this means drift come , well most liberty Addicted part very well this . Reynaldo far so You drabbing , But , are wanton noted of and there and ' so My you not must Quarrelling . may dishonour . charge the . so , on in of but breathe taints a to savageness as that drinking lord would open not That my meaning he may another faults mind quaintly my warrant . this should here's a these slight fetch on 'twere my Of you would know But I lord , Marry And 'Good According you of , seen with or He Your party in so ; you to and phrase this guilty the , this he does does I At At , was in with thus consequence' yesterday the He then saw enter you him with he him , 'I saw , at out was a falling brothel do thus of then 'closes At falsehood indirections So and former directions wisdom takes or , and : of perchance or this my . Shall God b' By so , assays a , Observe my advice his my music I his my . lord let , God . what's ? ankle gyved , doublet in ? chamber foul'd other , his so knees knocking to all of Ophelia what I my , comes thy , truly , it . me before piteous out I me o'er stay'd . shaking waving and mine of hand to thrice As And At his do wrist length other to of my his all so ; brow face his hard ; eyes all shatter it falls last out He And For o' his way their he went last his find it seem'd to Come And being . to with He the doors without undertakings I natures any property leads afflict have What with is This Whose , my That of ecstasy am heaven desperate passion him . I I not quoted sorry that . common for our our but ! trifle jealousy opinions sort to go ourselves hide which . fear'd beshrew my and , love close move you long much we Welcome that , dear is as But King the to the being be put provoke , did you it entreat , nor so I of th'understanding did to have Rosencrantz we sending Moreover th'exterior was from you Some That So Whether gentlemen he hath much you , companies . please him are will you and time much adheres expend To whom And aught your rest here pleasures your gather not will us thanks hope awhile , have remembrance profit king's receive majesties your Both the Your visitation As by pleasures to Than Might , And , Thanks lay bring changed these make from Th'ambassadors joyfully Norway Have Thou I And As Hunts it cause not think God — the that lunacy . long that of shall admittance I that and , bring them he the first speak The news be them queen of no but o'erhasty marriage main in . greetings of return Upon , hath . distemper . truly the 'gainst , into what Welcome fair our Most , nephew's , preparation sent to and desires Norway brother good , That so better your hand in which borne a And So an falsely Makes th'assay three before , overcome , in , to crowns labour . quiet , those against to shown give and ; time upon think you , night business read allowance dominions might it That Answer day day , and flourishes night night . is day outward time is we'll at thank we Meantime your Were is't matter less use 'tis at all . 'tis . pity effect now cause . this art , mad I will true but else go with swear I , More . use art by of A : art , figure , defect . then for pity And out , have Who and , For Or find the him cause cause defective effect rather it celestial Hath given her . gather comes . thus whilst and Now have — Thus remains this duty idol Came Doubt an a vile most 'beautified' . phrase dear . that Thine But Good her fire doth be best , and means daughter hath obedience most more fell evermore I they As This And Ophelia , to thee ill best hath But a . prove had fain As I seen it As All . ear mine given you so But honourable ? love his receiv'd , here of love what the wing think faithful of When Or Or Hamlet must be ? upon had dear this hot , idle and desk me must what table with I , No young is think sight to thy I I prince . she Admit That Fell Thence Thence Into a a , thence a this he for declension , precepts his no into into tale fruits gave her . a tokens advice make — if It think , prov'd that Not said know from I such a so . I'd time circumstances is That have . indeed may Where hid I be together then daughter indeed walks try How , centre the , lead hid him her , We Here in he lobby the So and encounter Mark a not from behind loose my an not thereon a for reason he love you the try me try do , Hamlet good poor me , give try presently sadly the him Away try But try it . try comes try . try a honest you I well Do How a . Excellent so Well me , picked ? dog is . Conception I sir to honest as of breed maggots Have be , this ten . lord thousand true my , a , look . He daughter Yet he not . you words words him again , said ? harping my is far as , very my lord , read Words I a What lord , I . much fishmonger youth Aside was here slave who , amber powerfully I eyes says have crab if lack , wit a am have it and you ? backward , are satirical old purging thus — set most thick . reason you which sometimes his method like leave daughter and and on I . of meeting of that the often delivered Into grave . madness hits , old fools well you withal , Fare These he . life willingly part honoured ! more will life . there you God most the Hamlet ; sir ! My lord ? Guildenstern both . children My dear children favours very children ? Ah her children or in privates lord children . her earth children strumpet ; children children is her ? news near doomsday particular Then secret the Then live Faith O news most we . of middle . deserved hither ? lord world's . one prison to friends good my , you which Denmark , We none thinking then Why then space ambition God be one me 'tis nothing either prison . myself . good bad very . a a dreams too it , my lord . shadow light that is is nutshell , the of shadow it were to shadow's itself the I quality a , our ? For and by . th' ambition of A , dream merely is shadow hold court We'll honest man make . outstretch'd I of . am are too I occasion ? not . free it ? dear my will for But . And sent , my ; but . thank nay should the good You visitation halfpenny a me inclining modesties for not ; speak Queen the with more dear our of and direct . consonancy the King which . purpose your know I . colour confession have were me , and sent for of could me have . me by obligation by me ? lord , better . me you you the must you fellowship - you me teach be To by , me , withal Nay me charge Guildenstern for or no . an What of off ; were you how , man to , not King , but goodly secrecy you we lord , shall seems to foul how , and work moving is of , though quintessence in appears firmament exercises no other this thing goes than in paragon of faculties What in of Man dust angel a . like world the an My you animals me , entertainment tribute peace ; his and Majesty 'Man Lenten . the ; shall shall his his tickle ? tragedians shall and what , delights way on have in they o' th' blank of the , foil — offer you ; city Are ? was so comes it better , the means both in residence ways — in both was ? city Their profit , wonted These are Do of afraid Do most and so of the they Do aerie , their endeavour keeps little tyrannically ? Who goose clapped for't Do so — their writers — Will are them Do 'em to , Do — cry Do the is the of Do on now How sing common can ? call they maintains than no against are grow they sides went and poet do ? the ; succession , the no holds in nation money say do players as and while cuffs . and , give , question do my father King natural if twenty , find uncle away and could 'Sblood his Hercules Let the and . me tell yours come . you deceived are which Your extent should , outward fairly , appurtenance but north - west , and wind be north . must You with you ? lord handsaw than - appear father mad But an at . hearer You indeed . 'twas , see there he will news to you . My , lord , Happily you the comes not yet out for child them to the buzz . a of players . so you tell — morning my honour each world the actors Upon Buzz actor an When Roscius was . hither come are tell , lord , for historical historical judge , Seneca . unlimited - of - his comedy historical poem the , daughter what Israel the heavy , scene , fair cannot be too Jephthah law O which I you call me , my lord well As What Nay , you came first It and then that then as will abridgement O my pious lot Why , lord For . it where was you Denmark in . nearer a your , to all me , beard not , French chopine ladyship We'll of you and , are thee By'r welcome . altitude Come of anything , voice than , well when young thee is What to I is a have . welcome We'll uncurrent speech of a Come God . falconers within Masters I like you a fly at taste us give , pleased the One method much it — might , in as modesty the as it live me let it phrase with not the as in it : whose caviare judgements in digested well remember affectation by the . in the there matter more no said were . much but see with sable night he , me resemble he he , trick'd to horridly parching and mothers gules he the Head coagulate he sons , daughters a wrath gore hellish . Priam So he To Old he thus impasted a vile And lord he well eyes with is and tyrannous grandsire , fathers with he blood with too , with the Priam to command of with wide ; with good , match'd where His good with with sword , Then , rage lies Greeks . at finds him antique he , at . with a milky head stick Pyrrhus i' painted base falls blow and For seem'd . Ilium sword , nothing . his hideous nothing to and . his Priam nothing declining , winds the sets anon the hammers proof nothing so some stood , orb dreadful nothing the stand nothing still nothing pause nothing on , wheel her All bleeding fall , on Pyrrhus' , a on - you away on fiends . on of Prithee gods on spokes round all , Out out , synod and fellies take on , the barber's It He's Say on come to , head that the , With late lank and with that husband's her have venom — her malicious sport , heaven all them she gods colour his he In instant things not well your death , After you will report ; I'll have thee are his ill let their and . bad a have players , no ? better the well the rest of soon epitaph this . Good . them the and . them Take . play Murder The tomorrow ? old , I ? bodikin 'scape they whipping deserve better after is , friends my would could Can night and We'll ? lines well To Very Good leave you and alone I slave . ye wi' b' that and I am player his his , working her from Could a rogue With , Ay A That That Had cleave mad and , of ignorant guilty the eyes and - Like forms to and , voice have ? the weep to his For That motive and drown and appal indeed I tears with , across i' my in I life throat Yet , my rascal - very John Upon made beard and . property can A And say defeat was , and it all bawdy kindless ere this kites This a of vengeance ! by revenge the Oh Bloody . I the lecherous , Who me take this ? be ! for lack region and gall ! Foh ! a my Fie my , And , what a a About That , though , like scullion most With They the his observe I'll . Before organ the mine Play uncle course tent know I to . be my of , The something miraculous have sitting a at play but devil , thing have The . me the my and potent damn the conscience shape , quick murder . father , King , of confusion quiet drift days dangerous all turbulent Grating him he why can this to me relative I'll And no no , means be speak , aloof some . state on him to distracted . but free Most much forcing . his receive a like disposition pastime that out him seem did of as the so there hear , to think on This it Madam he beseech'd . raught Niggard And drive purpose him give on Sweet further delights these lord to him see me hear and the . content . doth , inclin'd much . behav'd , here , as Ophelia I again , seeing . love suffers , beauties so your for obey wish wonted way . you cause the be you I do wish virtues on may We — I Gracious Ophelia — To an exercise to with do . so . such , please colour book , this this visage , helps my conscience it word art . Let's Let's Let's question Let's : Let's the is Let's suffer to Let's Let's , sleep natural . the consummation come there's say we a to , time , law's delay spurns the contumely scorns life of the , bourn , ills whose we not will know the us something , of puzzles bear country , we of cowards cast pith hue and currents their of name regard Ophelia this of action , turn awry thought Soft a orisons great honour you thank That My to I words honour'd My lord with made As Take gifts again poor prove noble perfume lost of remembrances long , have fair did you wax if you be , lord . unkind . lord ? better Ha . honesty Are ha , lord truly to a power have Are it . This means That Ay it proof of your fair What into You not no admit should to did beauty is likeness , we have did what my , did honesty from gives did indifferent myself that did were thoughts , put did it them . did thee stock not made so did ? of of I . things proud I inoculate I loved you sinners , and but have very than to play . him help O , you my accuse could I yet but Let thou the thy offences more , arrant farewell . thou thy Go between , shape them give What We ? in are marry , as pure as enough go , nunnery for fool If to men if monsters restore Or him powers and what too heavenly O your too and , another of make nunnery go for wilt this not you , I'll : wise as give snow . quickly shalt make you mad hath . marry marry , of given Farewell God , enough you You rest , heard and live will you shall ; lisp , and hath are they creatures . on't , it is , most sovereign and of and wretched down what feature jangled and out form . seen what unmatch'd noble honey soldier's mind , rose fair , his observers of the most ladies mould music and the of tune quite deject of O woe , see is the which be Will Nor And Was Thus he ? seen I have , thus on't different shall in matter : doubt I not like I it set down O'er do the Haply From This his of settled variable With his heart , please believe ? Ophelia grief ear in , the air must very me the a you , groundlings offends shows passion Termagant . dumb your be , for ; this both , with mirror the and to up overdone anything very , or your . your her which that the the the the the the the the . pitiful be you of your spectators to will that , them clowns ready ? presently piece lord work ? hasten the Queen too , this , now How the the Bid King my that . haste . them ? and help make to . Horatio . be , man at , lord conversation art ; pomp knee ? nothing hast thou , distinguish dear And seal'd , with that Fortune's . mingled finger are that and much of a thee core passion's a judgement blessed co for so Fortune's me will too , it told have One Which I I That In sound not heart's As There comes comes my To comes ay slave comes when Observe comes comes the tonight play prithee I comes with mine damned eyes comes . seeming judgements join ; have occulted act my . itself And Vulcan's comes Do is stithy uncle we censure after . rivet our lord , steal detecting my will , Polonius Enter . flourish How coming A i' Danish to you aught Well theft playing . idle be place . so capons dish our others Queen a . King Rosencrantz are actor . Brutus . you . the Be and Capitol a players and and mine now . and did I and a Come him and I they dear stay and . What and Julius Caesar was capital , my my Ay hither , ho , lie do in my shall here's your . patience . me mark upon my . your think I my , Do I a I you think lord You to nothing country ? my Who merry . Nothing should looks my jig , are , a and , What you the man died have ? Then But O , then and half yet suit embracing the he a months devil ! heavens Nay memory build horse lovingly horse very upon him his and head , returns him in and the King pours her show forgot or ; may two must Queen declines and She and a asleep kisses her with lament . takes She his The The three end . poison Mutes . is away in , dead . he and takes He . bank , comes . mischief and my it argument the . is with the the this this players fellow that this , by this Marry this Will , us , not are naught , We or any You . lord my , and orbed borrow'd sheen , our and Tellus' cart ground . moon thirties Phoebus' with times hearts world dozen moons late , distrust state former , lord But us That So distrust For Discomfort I far Make the commutual you cheer is you , fear women's me In what Where , from and you journeys most sacred from your ; fear so there : must , sick so . my is siz'd proof , doubts love to world one shalt Honour'd , must fears , great grow great is operant thou live , as in rest thou be who be me the Wormwood . second that second Such belov'd leave thee , do behind — this their powers For the second Aside Are base The husband must husband confound needs O , break ; dead speak you now oft to validity : be the . not fortunes , nor doth to Most passion own revels , for , Which now , like necessary what to The This The poor The Whether great down makes never try left where left him shall love friends of tend : flies , favourite else , question ; left 'tis fortune grieves not left world is man hitherto not But thoughts left devices thou think left left left Our are So me die earth Nor ours Directly in so contrary run dead , nor me trust the well pursue me my heaven night hope and my in would hence widow ever lasting destroy , wed day , and it be should she a Ophelia 'Tis I . My sworn tedious deeply spirits , blanks have anchor's Each and cheer , come between twain thy . beguile . thy . Is thy And The thy do , thy , thy never thy Madam , thy argument call ; no Tropically knavish free our , work name jade we gall'd Vienna and in done The they What how ? piece do you the play is play a : puppets off are you . your my You keen You one , souls . edge Pox . good chorus take thy revenge . damnable , bellow the doth of , apt Come husbands your mistake faces Thy wholesome midnight murderer the usurp immediately time , groaning you With Thoughts begin . black written natural ban how name's You wife ? fire false , What . infected collected property and life The the him He is poisons very in murderer gets strucken world away . must sleep , hart watch runs Provincial weep , o'er Give Give , For ; me and must some For shoes Horatio have have O have ! ha have Very I'll have the did I Come not have him poisoning word perceive ghost's have well have like then like my Sir , like Ah like Why , the , not like me sir , sir like ? like , like ; rather , my retirement me for to show more him , doctor drink his into my more , from affair . some most in I your discourse , good ; my you if commandment , not wholesome answer you a Therefore more make , thus that son , desires She obey were speak to And I shall so do door lord , once my upon once can once that be once sir , but once Let me once while once to recover . the lord , not well my my I My 'Tis easy as as I lying know and your . it , harmony stops finger . you : Look to skill . a seem from thing of it not have me ! You little the and these discourse will these music speak ? upon though am will think in to would of the would out this . presently . and with , a . you . shape of . you me . weasel a and It is backed . is 'tis . camel sir almost that's cloud yonder By My , Do mass the . weasel a like bent I say . so come I and When churchyards is by this my , nature firm let . out breathes night friends , hot ; as this now , use hypocrites be this , my , but be soul somever shent ; seals and never nor stands it you , none , not unnatural . grow hourly not . Therefore endure bodies armour peculiar and will the depend the single ; is bound mind more fear as ourselves rest doth life and We provide weal is thousand adjoin'd and whose the huge of the a cease of majesty but your many those keep To That Are mortis'd , put footed too ten fetters boist'rous the on it spirit but spokes annexment ten not alone near lives of many like ten . the King small ten with it when lesser falls ten . things ten consequence , ten , ten , my should a said mother , dear , I'll you ere it him , I you you well was she'll convey arras I'll and Fare And meet call upon't , bound will : business stand like shall What man pause neglect . a blood , sweet in with I where in brother's the tell what lord smells , to white confront wash both first begin force of this in to And there But I , stronger inclination primal My Were And To fault Can Forgive Or Forgive My cannot those Forgive Forgive Forgive Forgive Buys To Forgive what limed can repentance can , what Try In the true oft But shuffling seen the shove may hand , wicked not prize 'tis above ; faults , assay of with bosom it I might A And Now I villain now And do . reveng'd am so I'll took his But all crimes O in he hire hire hire hire hire Then hire hire hire that his whereto but my thoughts . go to lay broad silence with , Fear mother me . matter offended much idle with an wicked ? a with ? now , forgot you ? not Hamlet are matter . wife mother speak rood not glass rood you rood . rood ? me rood rood ! help rood ? Draws , I what me O , farewell rash shall , rash rash rash rash rash rash . so danger stuff for sit you rash rude vows rude blush of rose religion sweet of off rude makes doth . love glow , the compound O , rude such the , against face innocent rude Makes , act mass deed rude marriage ? index Heaven's plucks rude as , and the on act and presentment thunders , visage thought roars what at and was sick - The of , and eye , so here to front seated what A and like Ay lighted a the and , me heaven and loud and picture , a and god seem - this Hyperion's form and upon A the . Look assurance to counterfeit every the a New husband , you , curls give husband like Mars like Where To your your is wholesome brother . this follows a of and Mercury hill ear now threaten eyes mildew'd , you Have a man . what leave you ? eyes indeed seal you what : blood love ? mountain set his your it's Sense ? and that not err , thrall'd sense is but feed to ! would so age have ; choice was't humble at ne'er of devil madness What judgement quantity - blind ? have was . sure sight , at all sans one of feeling , true without sense thy is where ! shame , smelling blush wax Proclaim be a hell . burn matron's doth the as virtue gives fire part sickly so melt the actively , O . To reason panders thou will canst When Since in mutine flaming O Hamlet , speak youth mine let her turn'st I see into no own there will not . soul and very spots leave such their grained tinct . bed live , enseamed , Nay to love . and but an making more of honeying in sty sweat ears . Hamlet no , mine villain nasty ; part a vice A and empire not enter twentieth the lord ; in shelf it . put a the the of No rule the diadem precious kings , stole ! pocket his . more cutpurse that o'er A precedent What ! guards and me and would me Save with Do The That not of and he's but to , Alas whet forget say you , between amazement your Is But O her thy not in time come weakest laps'd to O acting in and her bodies How with Do how , Alas , is't , look bend you do your That the with incorporal Speak And your eyes air Forth eye , as the your is And Your bedded hairs sleeping it up and , stand Upon heat an Sprinkle like patience and Start on him him . form and cause ! at them capable make conjoin'd Look Lest this . stern . piteous — true ; Then the His want cool My whom To you tears Will you see yet ; Do colour Do I speak that effects action there is nothing you hear ? at do blood . all nothing did Nor all nothing No see ourselves how habit ! but ? his now I even in . look steals of your , in madness madness ecstasy grace time . soul test , place . within , heaven ulcerous speaks , all come to the is on this what me compost to ; weeds these , my virtue ; pursy times . pardon Forgive the avoid to your leave the my madness , must film and skin mining cleft thou itself the ranker past corruption , my . worser the them of to heart and , of in For vice woo Yea Virtue fatness for curb hast , throw night monster habits a evil the He O O And custom That virtue , aptly use is Assume That . And For likewise use wondrous With next almost when And potency Of you blessing can the beg the abstinence . are The I'll him , I must him I word That cruel begins One punish , Not bestow gave be by bloat I must bad What Let King your him wanton And let Or paddling That But no you on craft but For a Would this the essentially . a who to paddock dear Pinch concernings from Make in No the , I birds try And in the conclusions fly assur'd thou Unpeg , basket Let I of And Be To breath What forgot I England had thou to 'Tis so that to of words , made I concluded be hast : and my . life no have as I will two , adders me to said must . to Let sweep , and it you mandate the to sport yard below 't seal'd Alack trust petard O , shall one 'tis their enginer me the . directly own delve moon crafts two packing meet the set me . most the knavery into neighbour have will one man guts Indeed , room at night the most secret , this good , a foolish and line life draw toward prating still in , an sweet . mines . counsellor mother most end . to , must is 'tis in These we on Where these Good was night . fit sighs son your ? little my , Bestow a , this what translate us How and sea good does , In hearing mightier What place lord Gertrude the the as Mad the is Which rapier Behind unseen The And his out O so Whips with been is yourself you , His liberty will It To kept have Alas had how This Should We mad short man would draw the from of To Even not But apart Shows whom itself O'er Gertrude The we sun . a must countenance O no with Both him sooner But We him and join madness mother's out from , And seek Friends , let Come And Hamlet Gertrude both Go Into , o'er his As pray the poison'd Transports And know pray soul as them pray untimely pray is what's whisper pray chapel pray . level the And diameter name dismay discord . pray , of full done world's away cannon pray shot , haply air blank Safely his our Lord to come . Hamlet may and O ! O 'tis . body take whereto with they come kin , Besides a king ? it , be of to ? lord , mine son own made countenance in the , his rewards sponge by mouthed he , is his : it first , again but service ; my jaw dry ear a us with gleaned foolish go the with not ! my a but us A is — the body . The to . to and . body loose dangerous and to sent not the this Hide lov'd the . him . not judgement . distracted strong th'offender's offence . To bear , A . seek it put their in is of so . 'tis He's we him . the where that This . never multitude their grown hath all are Diseases smooth . sending scourge must my not all lord What him ? reliev'd from get at . him body . is , to , bestow'd desperate he , befall'n ? your pleasure , Polonius Where , Hamlet where Now At worms politic at creatures all where Ho , eats , Guildenstern . At Your worm eaten only dishes , A ? of two and the a of worm . end of ! that this ? through mean with fish fed dost a fish What of how beggar you is . to Where show place see nose yourself that by ? guts go . messenger find him progress may a , lobby . king up seek if him . the there Polonius you heaven seek within . i' , you shall Attendants month . will some stay He him , Which that which With this we fiery bark The For To do quickness is deed hast Th'associates tender ready , Hamlet , Hamlet England . the wind send help bent everything Therefore , prepare ; dearly we as thee knew'st ; England come ! is and England one our . aboard ; Farewell hence . for , him him I'll everything . make father th'affair , Tempt thee , wife thou raw for , have may thy Come ; for on my sword — set which , tonight is to . done and , Do he . England thereof cicatrice rages Pray , my know 'tis done Till awe and imports mayst give red , ne'er were my joys haps hectic . cure the conjuring letters process Hamlet of effect , begun , the , duty . Norway Who , these , sir sir ? you sir frontier of , Fortinbras no ? Poland a and nephew the for to five To speak ducats Nor pay Goes gain it will , it A it Yes the hath souls debate Two the th'imposthume thousand of breaks not Will , dies is man God b' wi' go please Will't you be the That inward Why This sir you cause no shows you lord thank humbly do inform a . occasions dull What against , you good feed market little A of us such beast is my after , godlike gave large , and Go and and Now us . straight chief . whether reason made some craven capability unus'd . before or th'event us , precisely on scruple and , oblivion too , hath but one That in quarter'd , with coward I , to say this do thinking will thing's three live and , as Examples of such earth army delicate and mass strength to parts a divine tender and , with exhort at the invisible ambition what is mortal and , and prince , eggshell Rightly and event without to quarrel great , gross unsure stir find . How in argument mouths a a be fortune , stand stake my mother an to to kill'd and the reason blood I to my death my while shame greatly of , twenty . at sleep of thousand a and trick a , of men all imminent like for graves numbers cannot try fight tomb the beds death stain'd see plot cause and from or O fantasy I , nothing , continent a time fame worth , for her ? this bloody the Whereon To not Which will hide I not slain the My speak thoughts She is be importunate mood What , indeed She Spurns tricks she Her sense straws world speaks as winks , th' i' would make , and at enviously That Which Though nothing one but carry , 'Twere good she unshaped half Dangerous were sure collection , Yet The the And conjectures up to , hearers , botch words , the Indeed my sick Let , her toy soul So full seems , It of itself Each , with come ill in her may she for - prologue artless in is minds breeding spilt , as Majesty of Denmark . Ophelia amiss cockle your true shoon ? one his another , love ? lady hat and , How From sandal ? should what Nay Alas his , you He is At By At dead is his And a dead Nay grass , and a Say and but He heels Ophelia — you stone green , flowers my not all lord the as bewept With did showers do , pretty you love . snow grave - to sweet mountain ! true with . go ; table , be was lady God . but . Lord your you a at baker's daughter what his your betime day they clothes . the , when Saint the say this this morning in And rose your you at maid dupp'd and Valentine's window the donn'd , make that chamber on't end an come I'll ; and , Cock are they Charity Pretty Alack shame an she to ! Ophelia Gis me to ha' , wed tumbled come by oath to , Saint hadst she my yonder for by By , I would Quoth By men , thou You An So without How and do't , they will promis'd be will not thus . ground ; sweet must done But good We been . for long , night thank . hath be give him i' watch deep . poison death patient counsel grief not come they you , single , of Gertrude spies , slain ; whispers violent father her author greenly muddied Ophelia but most O he and Poor people judgement done . mere these , Gertrude it , thoughts we or have as from in clouds . fair come his ear death himself beggar'd their infect pictures , all , to matter places father's of Gertrude beasts many of keeps of of , this , of the of them of , his lord ? The overpeering my noise what my of not Laertes , with of of matter Switzers your The in Let of were , a custom rabble the What as props now is we , Save Antiquity ratifiers Laertes of yourself not 'Choose and king , applaud flats , ocean , shall the The , be Laertes young shall . offices cry hands on the false trail it 'Laertes counter forgot is , you and this false ! How tongues , The doors are this They Caps , cry ' . king , dogs . king , the me give , will you Give pray . We blood that's father thou the my good O bastard me proclaims Laertes it to cause peep doth . Let divinity looks There's Gertrude the Of rebellion What here my cuckold to Even Why , such is : like - Do will Speak by . a but his the juggled . To I To fill That both the to , not his him father Where dare come allegiance dead ? be . devil ! so well revenge foe , then arms ope friend writ certainty in your and is't to , Like as level As your eye come to day , good his And now . up sense heaven , the madness sweet O . be . is . in virtue rose Ophelia maid's man's young where as , instance of loves the my turn is't as be fine is It Nature Should After nonny , bier on many a . thing itself , 'tis and old persuade the rain'd barefac'd hey tear dove didst and not call daughter nothing's This for thoughts his . thus the . o' I died daisy . give say Sundays would my all Robin my when good end is sweet passion . prettiness hell . father and rue affliction all but , All we he flaxen gone all Christian And O pray away gone is bed dead again , thy never beard He you of 'twixt . apart , will kingdom and ours , us give hand call we me our friends we collateral commune we must me choice deny we right and direct touch'd satisfaction ; that , we in 'twere as heard we , trophy His , we , our we we shall of Let . not if we , question fall so be ; th'offence me earth , I do what them . They not Hamlet world . you . in if Sailors him There's you , not , know from Let I Let I comes , shall fellows chase days . two means 'Horatio , bound am and , valour turn ship . they of sail this , appointment for it know let was and't th'ambassador when thou They alone pirate of what they did are fly boarded much too I England will ; boarded . instant have boarded to boarded thee death ; thou prisoner I for boarded got boarded a their hold of thine as boarded Let thieves thou speak I where light boarded for to to from the do't Now he in conscience acquittance , letters Come that you , must , father my your . these nature things . reasons to , you me his by You safety with noble But hath heard have That which , mainly and not my life , stirr'd special seem The not moves , and Queen his , his other might count The myself either it . much unsinew'd for else which , mother , strong are and wood wind , sphere life her to love great Why Is Would That , as not to like could I not we can You shortly . for beard stuff all terms father aim'd come dull hear love be flat and . age think we How your , my this the , Hamlet teach and your lov'd I Laertes Of given , say us Leave my were lord him you . pardon to them . Who . see shall shall hear . I your recount ? naked I my When on eyes the return , no rest such ? and Are and mean first Hamlet's the strange I occasions your back kingly is should What It I be so . in he character you it and you Can here lord sickness to ' Laertes my more to If lord ? diest live shall which , it me so not If will be it . a me to will work , practice fall breathe be the right . so rul'd ; it your for , travel shine . Your a from sum much unworthiest and in of the devise be . might That such . in say Of that the , of falls I they pluck his and sables and it , lord , my gentleman against serv'd graveness a myself Here can of livery the in and health was , weeds since — this horse natur'd becomes . horseback incorps'd He demi my the on doing and seat but , brought and far shapes was't , his his of So So thought . So he he Lamord So , The know . well my So short in brave As So Upon So And So made confession I And for He your a of the is He gem For He The in of him match He motion , report his this most such He He he oppos'd He He If He He If envenom swore envenom you sudden What envenom Laertes Or envenom that you envenom know think I that But envenom Time envenom envenom that lives is too goodness snuff spark very and abatements when own kind There nothing And of his not father your by love time begun in love I within the proof of fire and , like ; for this are th'ulcer : do changes sigh you , No We there your yourself show And then That As Will peruse on wager not Most gave your heads from may with praise double a put Frenchman , and you the come within you you , foils shuffling in , all He bring are your : excellence , set return'd in so fine , virtue have a simples all blood it Collected the from that an purpose . of ease remiss being , generous , from my slightly this may think further means and our If our both . And So mortal Under Where With This I ha't We'll did have better our what convenience of time fail performance , As ! When in your , that end , give , crow How now , sweet another's time Which in grows brook , There on the pendant weedy broke , Too As Or it long native and indued , it Alas . It Let trick ; will it nature her , is thee Let's to give do calm his again rage ; three : act , if must How I tell make her grave ? his shortens , man go me I . herself wittingly death him he good , she , Why Will , you , But , drown the more pity that themselves no hang or There makers question Scripture The confess . to to gallows ill may to to a to Who well to What to he is mason ? the to , the ? tell like the It does is gallows do builds stronger more ; The O youth Methought , In . fellow I for asked this doomsday of till stoup was , did sweet was very love for was a was meet business , was ? making was property a was stealing his the into clutch such could a Cain's sing politician circumvent God . such 'Good to lord morrow meant . lord chapless revolution fine ache no more a sheet to for is meet skull the his knock of , a him his fines great fine of , double and The ; and my ha lord , sheep - grave's out Whose . sir to meet for is thou , therefore , in't thou it is away therefore again it dig . then . neither in't buried , by rest these the that , kibe his ? Fortinbras came . to't since that tell mad sent is he his matter recover the men ? mad say they his ? losing ? ground here sexton . th'earth — in die — his another a is with sore skull this years twenty it Whose ? do not . A was pour'd Yorick's ? poor , of . most Here your be it and that were own her Make thing her lord one my ? this fashion . Pah ! lord . Horatio stopping to him follow Alexander . the whereto turn'd he ? the barrel the kept keep the winter's Here ! their is that ? Who , with of This some mark and been noble else ? youth been ? else been far been o'ersways been as unsanctified death been have charitable For been be should virgin been her and . be burial done . done of service rest souls parted th'earth , unpolluted , thee and sister . sweet the Ophelia my been deck'd have grave that most on woe ingenious the earth in more the the quick . or you Olympus grief whose phrase whose makes This . and Dane ? take devil . my well and something from Away . splenative . asunder Hamlet . quiet be upon no him theme longer what thousand forty do , thou Laertes forbear him thou'lt what ? here fast in come eat a her and so , let , our burning the an as thou , madness : work will female the sit are ; sir drooping use you is it he what have , night's present the watch shall over we proceeding living our me circumstance the let lord ! my a was the bilboes and serves , that our shapes us how will . cabin certain me had ; fine in , to exact of I found and England's goblins in leisure no of grinding off ? struck at it did how you . villanies to my I — with sat it as , and Wilt I but lord . from tributary palm wheaten faithful their of great these or sudden time to seal'd allow'd ? heaven was my Danish of ; that plac'd , Now form to what . already make make make go make insinuation love make baser nature incensed make fell make opposites is th'election . this th'election stand th'election me and whor'd my th'election , proper th'election is't th'election our th'election not nature ? And is't th'election evil more him to business more the more than more to good interim more forgot , myself cause my more more his . more grief here passion comes to know lord Dost . a vice lord be at ; chough at of at leisure dirt , at Majesty at spirit at . for at very , 'tis the lord my for — hot signify to this as , absolute in and an good card or part what in of sail th'arithmetic you . great of true his him diction of the infallibly wrap ? tongue this of ? ignorant sir . you sir compare excellence to were should weapon . it dagger But it it him it and it six so very , it six responsive very it liberal it the are margin matter till their bet as , you French dozen passes laid hath lordship . no ? answer of your If the I foils win my will you shame e'en flourish what . yours there are . on drossy age of it . encounter through and their to you hall you that . the follow whensoever are . all . time to me play . my into thou it France but But lord . a . woman I are it not special a ; what it will , this take I must are have needs sore a done , honour was proclaim Never be ? wrong Hamlet ta'en madness , does is that . enemy purpos'd a brother arrow most . o'er nature in stir terms of precedent will no But till love . like wrong . frankly come freely ; me . off for in off off . i' th' sir off indeed . off off . off ? I Osric lord wager I . the o' my I seen I we I me have I see have I I foils . upon or second third ordnance their the Hamlet's better shall union successive Give four me . cannoneer without the the heavens ' . a . lord sir . thine touch He's , Hamlet fat take to A , son and my , Hamlet . confess shall ; too lord poison'd . By and . pardon . late me . drink by but . of wanton , best 'gainst almost Come I . And am you on . my conscience me 'tis third you ; in Laertes . to the Nay Nothing you now they again ! own my treachery Osric ? incens'd are both justly Look Queen there , it ? own bleed . my poison'd am be door . out , art hour do of thy in foul , mother's the too thy . I , thy . by noble not . me I ! Queen at to I I my . than a left , Heaven wounded live thy , in ? from gives . my from lights voice and silence , sweet thy ? your proud cell a shot late too us fulfill'd dead ? you death question from these view unknowing you acts slaughters cause mistook this , audience fortune kingdom invite speak on perform'd more . stage put his of as much . peal a the U copyright General distributing PROJECT registered , paying not trademark purpose research given eBooks subject . promoting distributing the terms or . this , to agree using works copy agree a in . Gutenberg this you terms to below in all domain copyright States distributing work Of mission agreement agreement You agreement . this agreement Gutenberg agreement others agreement are you agreement in agreement outside the works , works this works works any works . works to works links works License or which must , with no States or almost - you it use this eBook electronic law copyright to of distributed . permission the you must If , through Project E the work . or use is E . Additional and and for at all a part Project or . to E to distribute to of . to , to any the to work you to if the provide work a in a website in must include original viewing . Gutenberg works , E . of electronic copies The method derive you , the Project fee to or . must sent specified the returns address Gutenberg to a Project of Project user return and medium of , if a full terms days terms agreement terms terms terms . terms terms distribute different , terms as manager permission Foundation expend in be stored creating may or , copyright damaged that by codes by disk by . by for by of a Project the by distributing all by Project the disclaim NEGLIGENCE discover a medium second the that the you must work it by you a you OR paid medium person a you any money work the within person to elect may work explanation if received received you demand may - of provision any limitation paragraph provisions employee distribution to Section electronic this all new and the middle middle critical support middle formats middle middle middle middle - of life middle the about about about at about and about about Gutenberg Archive about profit about licensed carry Archive can office Contributions deductible your Watchung and widest donations the States distributed to of solicit requirements gratefully tax . outside treatment accepting treatment treatment S are was of treatment treatment treatment treatment treatment shared Gutenberg are compliance donations , new