, live me Stand and ? unfold Long most struck For . Get come carefully . upon , at to bed thee relief am heart . Well , good hear Give to And them , watch my . ho ! there Who - O Barnardo , Horatio reliev'd . night Marcellus good . you you ? there him of piece Say Holla , what , Therefore will With Touching And this us may again eyes appear apparition this speak come this seen take belief , let we so tush if That approve Tush our yond made and part of myself one Marcellus course let And Last star that's of speak , where — this of , the Look bell it night break When then off the King heaven dead Horatio Mark the scholar figure like ? it and . King a harrows Horatio . again comes me It be with . Horatio , it In the speak not same art fear to it spoke usurp'st it Most that It is the which sometimes like would march art Did See By heaven offended it , thou ? charge time fair majesty . not tremble ? thee gone How ! stalks away . speak ! combated to thou the th'ambitious ! very art frown'd once As Is it was my the Of not What something eyes ? Norway mine might and own God , So With twice In now But such So foreign impress nightly not why What might sit this This Good Why such Doth Why down the daily of Who is't be night toward , that the this - And for divide the joint Sunday from labourer can inform that the haste , esteem'd seal'd ; King , him our and the his valiant by , conqueror , lands , compact emulate world who Fortinbras ; our ; by this so this he Against ratified the Which Did Well , stood gaged forfeit To been he Had to And Of in That For As by So And Of this of the I Is source Well Did with most is high the and ; the and the of empire moist streets fell Julius Neptune's , wars the the our other portentous of palmy trouble of watch Rome sheeted in fire to almost trains gibber like the of doomsday precurse sun ; preceding harbingers the the to And Disasters stars squeak even And The in whose sick Was earth omen , thing . or . me to and to do to me . thy good to Speak , art thee any ease happily , thou may hast sound , me O hast uphoarded speak in the spirits of in womb may and , oft speak Stay you If For 'Tis show it offer it do And It it vain as To For And then Upon was fearful is trumpet have thing cock the to I god of ; shrill at and - air crew , throat earth sounding in spirit his hies . comes warning . truth herein morn heard , night no , say they , then crowing This his To are crowing of our Some crowing faded crowing is of crowing the that strike crowing celebrated 'gainst ever do high mantle in so and crowing yon we ; Hamlet our Break The fairy So have , look , russet by upon , us shall loves , acquaint for up watch us young impart , I But we the o'er Walks Let , I what have speak our it fitting most find , conveniently duty , shall and Attendant Hamlet contracted memory yet be sometime remembrance in To of green far in with , and brother's be our and Yet we and one discretion of fought brow with jointress to , In Therefore Together sorrow think ourselves state defeated a one Th'imperial as with and with dole Fortinbras , death frame message lands of . all us of and this So by To for hath ourself bed nephew's in and his You The For Lost To Of with to , commend articles you Norway , here we proportions ; uncle purpose have scarcely the that made Voltemand old to dispatch levies hears are suppress , all the allow . show with ? What the . reason of speak voice What what's , and your all be native , wouldst us now doubt it will is't farewell duty . Laertes , you beg thou to Dread the head shall That lose is you your wishes and them leave leave says pardon . my Polonius and your gracious bend duty willingly your thoughts And my , confess that again must my to ? in , father's show To bow My I toward wrung so , it that much colour sun the you kind thine . and my thy at ; time Laertes graces little But A , know'st Thou Passing , eternity . common that ? Denmark . die ? with , black good know not . thee visage , seems is of fruitful dejected forms , solemn the , breath river moods . are denote all the No can For the trappings actions that which suits within passeth man your in and the truly the play show father father , bound of survivor a , Hamlet course to the lost But is sorrow father commendable , filial lost give To do must know to , your nature your 'Tis . obstinate these sweet duties for some who absurd , our ; persevere unmanly and peevish dead ' unprevailing fathers reason vulgar death of , and of to a 'tis most vulgar must vulgar Fie we we what For any Why vulgar To heart against be so . let the world love son vulgar to vulgar , vulgar , common hath died still a , the A immediate must You Here in we is back immediate to beseech cousin comfort you of Wittenberg intent , immediate note immediate , eye to you immediate our son our remain immediate his For you most immediate , come fair , reply whereof in Denmark , drinks you . of Madam Hamlet shall . away . Hamlet . heart rouse His This jocund King's No Sits the that Thaw cannon to speaking the itself solid thunder earthly too Everlasting resolve slaughter the had . flat , this unweeded to in of on grown ! is — woman month old earth to that , rank so ; should it loving so not not face he satyr So Hyperion Visit remember if not it month longer a body father's wants uncle reason poor those thy name she and on on't but A all With think which what By her too yet appetite she , Frailty would she ere were shoes , break , such Than My have It Ere She I Horatio heart or I do see am With , for The , my what lord . change Sir I'll And My to , But I am glad My lord truant shall Against what you it . in Nor would A not my ear in of that ere funeral student . you truant ? no depart you drink I me know affair deep your your to see me mock teach me , you not , furnish met Where had , me I I my mind's me him me once was take me was In saw him his him that day lord eye man , My lord My lord Season an With Upon Marcellus Barnardo together , these of their on A figure - the like cap with , middle , them by stately oppress'd the solemn thrice he , fear . of ; him they impart with secrecy the them dreadful jelly and speak the fear length them encounter'd waste and and dead to their By Within Goes his , as , I dumb Stand Form your and ; in the watch , where you My not watch . cock haste . sight our strange , in crew it , like sound 'Tis let MARCELLUS and BARNARDO . writ it you you do indeed To live do think know honour'd we Indeed Arm'd , Hold , tonight this lord . you . Both my lord my Arm'd say toe ? top From My head frowningly red Most his constantly eyes ? than ? you there amaz'd much had I . upon would Nay , longer when was . tell . it long a Stay'd might BARNARDO haste , Not beard His grizzled , I I A I will Perchance hitherto tenable loves but shall tonight all , tongue twelve , rise ! come eyes benefit . blood , from the me Do Hamlet it in fashion But convoy , My necessaries sister And permanent doubt trifling a , and you is nature crescent it Think more but more grow does the mind and alone not besmirch , lasting a minute , fear whole And Grows The In And will ; health his for subject to on that he believe and Denmark of your honour list your chaste importunity ; act to which or fear it , your affection desire . the imminent in none lies . though safety , rebels heart . ungracious do heaven to way and thorny and not Show As watchman a like the as long But here not rede fear blessing O primrose his of me not . comes . shoulder the in of There , thy thoughts thought but hast familiar unto thou do - to new man , censure man's thy Costly apparel in hatch'd th'opposed ear reserve but may but , few , of ; quarrel being comrade voice , of entertainment can thy man and station . that friend be husbandry the day ; thee lord . Farewell And , hath touching : oft you ? said to . bounteous . You ! in speak made up . truth ? them think . call I you circumstance teach lord such perilous my his Pooh yourself for tenders ; wind crack ta'en you thus it Running not you Marry I do Affection Do believe you — Or fashion Ay the With And , hath , Ay countenance the holy speech to tender you'll — given catch woodcocks , he almost burns I ; you springes When : heat of . a higher young walk they In . be much in him at parley to your take entreatments vows of But believe with And Than must in Lends Even You something not a command so Do his given that bites eager nipping lord , I shall charge give to Look As is it does What heard it No think lacks hour an and wont . is Rhenish upspring takes mean this I ? Wherein The And headed , though Ay , it here native trumpet draughts triumph - heavy honour'd my ; though of our perform'd and , and They Makes Soil in the to manner clepe achievements than the particular mole wherein choose complexion , o'erleavens reason as Fortune's these , much take censure pure dram The star , undergo one defect as they of evil . of a man , man damn'd us ! man hell from goblin man , shape charitable questionable a wicked of man it blasts heaven or , answer in man ignorance I'll thee but death sepulchre ; why Let Why That , Look and with Bring King , will Be Be father thou Making thou is horridly To That thee cast , It , As Say , With why , I . will . fee that , cliff of the the toward summit base into my sea , form reason , horrible his again what , It And Why what I'll lord , desperation every to . sea , the , it . Think ? toys , fathoms , puts place motive many roar into looks , That And , Still As , By heaven , say I . gentlemen , I'll follow that imagination , ghost with issue what to . ghost I'll no tormenting go I When poor myself come My almost Till am - I in night hear what To burnt I thou when thou hear . nature fast am crimes purg'd and the for a done thy like unfold whose thy my the , on to stand blazon the upon this and didst ever If thou and foul flesh ears To his eternal . father ! blood Murder thy fretful hair particular and combined to must not end , list List quills to the thoughts I that sweep be thee I shouldst to , foul as murder unnatural is swift best meditation As Wouldst thou forged , on , Hamlet Lethe ; revenge , find apt in in out stung Is Rankly given Now the orchard of , whole than the , ear sleeping in process of that a did , of his ! what and , that gifts ! my , beast lust power — the shameful to - that virtuous off his wit with won — seeming falling a , hand ; gifts it , natural most of queen the vow there were never will mov'd ; heaven to with even shape of , pour effect thy my did of courses vial afternoon in ears hebenon always the the scent Sleeping of hour secure prey porches the my Upon of enmity with , vigour it whose man ; uncle within My custom Holds such swift as quicksilver distilment of The natural gates tetter blood the posset through doth milk , into body ; crust dispatch'd , sin : near . fire to uneffectual . to worm her this Denmark pursu'st , nor let , soul heaven to . me my heart ? seat , else a ! Now remember . him lord , Heaven . Lord Lord . come Lord Lord Lord Lord noble Lord bird lord lord ! it tell it it , heart secret ? once . man , heaven But ne'er no ghost he's , a my an dwelling in knave my MARCELLUS , villain , come . are us this from the right part , own desire part and all , my pray for go I'll whirling offend offence , by , an as you desire are Give , my known what you . And to We , is , may . know , that what ghost friends Never My We lord my my faith In Indeed Ha , Swear Then hither we'll upon , my gentlemen again that Swear my speak Never And lay Come this by Beneath Once pioner old , in in Than There day , Well Here are , are more you That therefore as And dreamt 'Well To at by to ambiguous pronouncing such know' , we of 'We never meet Horatio , mercy myself on think I bear , never odd perchance before , hereafter thus and 'If such know Rest Or aught mercy : me giving 'There could some or Or With we God , t'express shall your come is still The I all I joint us Let to go . together , Reynaldo inquiry , sir , you ; keep where finding did said intend well what encompassment my father , Paris are , expense Danskers means . his and my lord mark say . very wild ; 'not that so on him rank him . Reynaldo , well , ' put ' ' may , none of take noted , youth ; him ' You drinking , To companions ' gaming As ' and such are wanton Ay , Quarrelling lord , You they unreclaimed blood mind , the may that you . may season another he is it him in on a of breathe general do would know this . good the of taints A my That The good Of my Ay 'twere a And Marry , thing good converse laying I slight here's you a good Wherefore believe youth good ' or or crimes prenominate guilty in to good 'Good good And He mass the I sir , my in 'closes was does , At 'friend At about the ay know say , and yesterday you or say ' in so say , say say say such gaming he falling him of brothel , then was , bait indirections lord , his Observe God son windlasses With I Well , been in the let And lord , now , Alas No , I Hamlet , lord With as my with his my ? ankle , other his , each chamber , hell comes loosed , for , but ? purport of before hard know not Mad love shirt and down to his had knees look horrors thy ? truly wrist length held of the hand thus all said the perusal his face so , go , their he find . it end doors did He to the his o' went That with rais'd thrice He would , At And his And seem'd And As He his out being head bended with me . For last go over without the violent afflict passion to the oft you will ; lord any but him me repel him better and judgement undertakings ecstasy . access His I have my that with any to his That I wreck it ourselves But fear'd mad , the King move sort , might kept to . heed . but did he trifle . age . you . to close . love utter hate must This More known , grief dear to use you inward it you I man long did we have and we Rosencrantz , Welcome That so days brought humour , companies in youth both put should so th'exterior nor Since So it was nor the , If men much . you are it he hath afflicts may to our him by here entreat . so little Whether That sure Good he To since And much him on to so rest his , time Some So us To show I gentlemen And whom As Put give lay To our Thanks , I My too To much Rosencrantz And Guildenstern our gentlemen you , amen is gentle instantly our practices beseech from Are Norway joyfully return'd , the father Thou still lord my hold , my , as I hold my soul , good gracious brain of mine . my of sure . else policy so Assure , to my do ? or and duty I God to this that do The Thyself O My speak fruit As it hath very that fruit Give fruit His doubt , Welcome fruit shall and it father's , our what from friends brother ? fruit , of my do He The fruit To But was against sickness preparation , nephew's a look'd , sent to Norway . him , arrests impotence and sends , age to greetings levies out be It him and in , his ; borne Was Makes th'assay old So thousand of vow On entreaty , might That herein , soldiers , shown the you your dominions levied he To Gives three overcome against , of therein Meantime Go My What and be is . night well , night madam waste should rest , you our , day is majesty liege your , less art but . duty what day soul outward noble define true is that Your that nothing to for let no will A . I that then we let farewell pity is he , swear , use I 'tis use that effect , pity . at art that ? 'tis : of comes whilst she that . thus , surmise — that , obedience remainder the the him grant us mad Mad that That Or For Madam 'tis But And find rather say it out for effect and have — cause the cause of by this cause , Perpend a that the faithful ? be move a be truth awhile Came : me soul's the dear I am But are . this , to . him to Adieu reckon , place is machine show'd art believe not best whilst hath above But As most , fell dear All given hath she to time , hath his mine means . and receiv'd his me ? love of honourable you , think , wing you , on a man faithful and idle I I love the had my my had fain As ? No winking , out , mistress young be she That This If might my think And must no she watch by into into from Majesty Thence he done not , Thence And from Hath Not circumstances is we it further hours four . not her to together , in know You So he indeed lobby time I he an and . loose If his encounter I'll behind from no try be not And Mark Let try But look board I'll keep try where , sadly will a try How try poor try . me Hamlet , give leave man picked one . world you Then I Excellent I Honest as You honest a is lord . kissing good a he gone far my read for He do lord is daughter my to't blessing a is . you . lord , have wrinkled slave For faces matter the I believe most plum mean Aside that , Though this you sanity suddenly My walk you Will A is so the prosperously that often madness pregnant sometimes take that , will my except my me you anything will from except , my meeting , Polonius to go You seek Lord there sir part he . is My good To On . the Happy children excellent cap that children My dost do ye ? children Ah , children . the soles Neither my her shoe favours ? children a her the in . lord she true most children grown world's ? children , her about Then you Fortune we , or at the hither Let . prison prison my ? confines o' the Then , lord wards , are one world to friends lord you worst . dungeons and bad your . either . prison nothing for me th' not is is there 'tis I the bad very substance and it king and outstretch'd , monarchs reason and beggars' our . wait GUILDENSTERN , th' ROSENCRANTZ to we shadows such matter are Truly , dream hold ambition of and Then I beaten I . you like to speak in I am dear . Come are thanks own me ? too ? with inclining we poor dear it , say , You were lord . modesties your and my end King good , sent ; your me To . consonancy our direct youth more with no what or . me you a dear by conjure for by let me and , you . off were of say and ? you What If your prevent you . moult Queen lost my no , with mirth my I sent we lord an I not the the I the so then To Guildenstern eye shall my wherefore ; most in , an in no piece other , frame canopy majestical to man fretted , seems goes me you and pestilent brave , congregation in : what of , nor is woman seem ; to the . beauty neither thoughts admirable and , to me was , did , Why My lord though of quintessence players think the receive laugh , his shall way what me' Lenten not entertainment tribute and have lover sere halt ; peace ; on service the in th' shall verse of reputation the tragedians the ? tickle target . the Majesty — welcome whose shall his man such players mind those sigh not wont ? better to take lungs her No , both of by comes same estimation inhibition , Do they but of the the are and stages that cry now scarce wearing thither many fashion — that ? when so indeed keeps common of dare it is say question . Will escoted — nation money holds as Will they . and they players ? come sing ? they to How them the been throwing . question has there bid sin , no the controversy on was and about . it carry lord Hercules brains ? of ? boys the Do they Ay is very is make would not , for my uncle is in if are There there a hundred him ducats something welcome fashion my lest , Elsinore ceremony , than yours . find , and , little philosophy entertainment Let hands which players , to to appear father , In from When my dear handsaw . wind . there , his of ; not twice Guildenstern you the a me , come to at be you of sir to , have Monday My comes them news you tell them Happily , them , actors them them lord I them The best . law tragical and be comical cannot the , pastoral either historical - heavy . These are historical of , treasure judge Plautus tragical , men hadst my ? pastoral O 'One which daughter . The call you I Am , wot as lot by and chanson , God know will then came pious to It , my Why As follows most abridgement comes show , like Thy glad . you I am ! my of . old beard your a chopine within passionate is Denmark ? is thee my , anything , falconers speech lord us fly your What to to Pray . friend me French Come cracked speech What me for , my cracked . once general We'll welcome last piece are . cracked see and , last , e'en be , cracked once have cracked quality cracked uncurrent a straight speech , the But matters such the well I author , much but nor one said thee not , heard play matter affectation , remember by 'Twas speaks this , he , where , It , The , as this in dismal begins slaughter so : Priam's of Aeneas' to , not Black With Bak'd To thus Roasted a , see , hellish grandsire carbuncles murders eyes coagulate wrath the , you . streets light damned , Priam proceed him fire good discretion match'd strikes rage in falls father to to Pyrrhus Stoops Priam reverend prisoner a seem'd tyrant stood , lo on . still , wide ; sword work gods heaven All her hill her . for Pyrrhus' Fortune ! you , power on strumpet away fellies and down of , on . say Prithee he , head that threat'ning down A and and , tongue fear o'erteemed stood th'alarm of , for caught , have then venom good clout upon in Pyrrhus would up steep'd , heaven , of eyes not milch in them , seen Fortune's state themselves her Unless The In Would And you not turn'd he where has thee speak burst passion the of move mortal made a chronicles of of bad their epitaph . to after and . Take , desert in dignity them . is tomorrow of is you Can friends We'll ? is hear is is honour . bounty your is set down study insert speech of some is ? would Murder play The would Guildenstern would lines ha't tomorrow . Rosencrantz would . sixteen dozen would Very and till would To Follow so , b' monstrous , that in a this peasant to whole and Hecuba distraction , him , all ye my Good rogue and wi' O But , Ay a what not conceit ? and For visage aspect he passion stage the the force from in voice in's his suiting ; across I ? it gives , beard villain was . blows my off me as nose the take ? Who : cause , for life pate my breaks , this a a it , kindless ! brave ! I , or liver'd I am Prompted Why Must , revenge am heaven dear the , oppression pigeon to me the should lungs I To ! 'Swounds , a bitter fatted have slave's should I all Bloody . offal ! This by Oh an what With murder They Play something mine miraculous most , uncle like quick yea , and The devil pleasing a be May As I I'll him Before tent know Wherein course this with and devil melancholy I'll me damn relative to very weakness . the all by no on of his puts quiet , speak by will and why you can lunacy of this dangerous days himself him turbulent harshly so He from what ? distracted no . confession sounded some madness . to on you he receive him forward disposition , reply our demands his true his ? him , Majesties that Of a kind the him . in , raught And o'er it so We hear , This And of it . They are night ; on hear heart To And my gentlemen We drive he we he Will may And gather Her so be If't him thus of closely , my . judge seeing espials no behav'd unseen , be th'affliction suffers you Of That your To his Ophelia I shall the way . obey good We obey That wildness obey wonted wish your . may obey , Ophelia — it . may blame to , action obey The prov'd that o'er obey , this colour in this , it devotion's visage helps . art word painted , question : fortune of say troubles we to the shocks end sleep to . die : to and a to sleep the — a ? To , the mind natural 'tis by and is to heir be perchance For , more flesh Devoutly And to opposing No Or The by heart For a patient might ? When That To wish'd of of the bear and himself in Must who The . time life long so , fardels he But The dread their action , Soft . sins . orisons you lord of pale pith currents remember'd cast those puzzles , returns native make others thus Thus Than And makes us does of great and awry , regard this the humbly lord , this thought well now - them , you I aught . not never lord your honour my to remembrances I ; long , re , well longed you There . did sweet ? lost compos'd you words again ! mind . the prove unkind honest lord you fair gifts of ; breath know , honour'd the And made Take these with Rich poor my when more wax , you and fair What be Could , truly is it likeness it , my lord will made me believe virtue force than , Ay That ; proof believed I you of beauty of did love , have once . breeder of a I mother not I thou not shall Indeed were it thee You to that . put , myself thoughts We them indifferent in are in , my honest . could at them I offences borne ? father my , play he . At doors Let nunnery knaves ambitious to arrant What for as I'll the in's house be : a , give pure nunnery know farewell snow this sweet heavens . may Or , monsters you shalt not make You . on't will have heard you and , and ; fool to chaste If wise men go paintings your , yourselves and hath it Those of face Go have . the more live no what O , courtier's Th'expectancy soldier's , The Th'observ'd The , lisp , shall to Like That see I suck'd all of O . and , see woe is do though madness which his . There's for and on brood with which hatch the quick our shall he in But . commencement How and what of Lord as Hamlet please , Ophelia ? said you play thus puts him , believe , ear , confine she you round , with not him do , all her be alone to pronounced it I , as smoothness ears fellow nothing Herod such have rags would out ; neither to tame - a whipped avoid of for ; gently whirlwind . O but of . warrant I but let not to is feature form the unskilful the . laugh Now image the cannot but your the that to nor bellowed not the sir the your clowns , Christians highly that O the , accent , men abominably so with those quantity question Go my lord of work . And , my and . to Horatio ! lord GUILDENSTERN ROSENCRANTZ We What ho will , art . as conversation dear lord my O e'er thou Horatio Here , e'en at , thy poor good I hope but should hinges fawning pregnant dear , no and For To No clothe That the soul candied the mistress ? thee Since And thrift my A in thee And Hath , one Hast blood for all that not , thee not I heart's passion's what stop a , I much near tonight it , comes thee that of ay slave she man are judgement equal with do core That Which Do Observe prithee is not itself a I of when Something my , a too before the my occulted guilt - a thy speech have that ghost eyes mine It we one as ; note judgements rivet him his play playing join . the pay is our ; comment very the with Even place I ; unkennel I censure And For damned heedful whilst Queen others . whilst , Hamlet so . cousin and whilst be theft , Polonius . whilst . air whilst are not you i' whilst words these ? was accounted good a actor ? you i' th' was me lord What did , say My Hamlet answer To , enact . kill'd ? upon your a . and killed kill him of the there Be . calf capital patience attractive me . more ? I Ay think meant to think matters lord lie lord , my , mother ! my maker cheerfully a died father lord and my . hours Nay devil my , then wear man two my man's a great let may my he , churches horse whose then months memory horse - my hobby the die O sables long my is forgot ! the ; epitaph outlive my his for and ; lovingly ! two - hobby build show him is King comes The passionate a in King's and Mutes awhile . in makes in . leaves the or dead body , Queen and him it , her very and , She kneels , his , kisses unto of makes with gifts the to . exits woos Queen the , Belike Marry with miching the ; cannot play . means mischief ? is my argument mallecho imports ; show it : us and for our naught not stooping that are naught , you play show a posy ? ring round , hands been twelve in journeys many commutual love Unite again Make woe is , thirty you are sun sheen borrow'd Hymen your of and our . done be love moon . late , from , made so know , quantity fear extremity hath love lord and count , proof nothing I so holds my love are fear : too , grows , leave world behind : as leave must , thee , love kind thou this their functions , marriage first . my kill thrift that none bed we now what , breast . but husband of me but what second think to kisses you , but poor , slave unripe they speak ; forget that when the , what ourselves like , But pay fall To What ourselves Most with now ending violence with most Where joys Their joy This world Grief That For with The to own great is man with And The love a , themselves either grief or with with ; with left fortune lead , orderly , with love , flies tend a enemy of own . husband try begun so where his favourite , light dead , our do still devices and ours That But Directly want seasons in to wills think our him fates wilt food I contrary , food strife , destroy joy scope hope heaven lord food nor , thoughts So food If Both food 'Tis spirits The food . awhile I food now , come you . leave fain sleep play , argument Is keep in't . this she'll heard do , never mischance protests in the do but they , the ? offence no ; world his , play jest there ? wife the my could lord . o' not the King the that is Duke's are . image the the but what us the touches : work , of it withers souls , nephew the , dallying my you Still would It You keen cost you edge if take , better . season fit croaking Begin . Come the — Thou Hecate's mixture With Confederate ban , natural apt , else , rank and usurp immediately dire . Gonzago . wife . how story anon fire . Away lord with my frighted the love , Why , must So the strucken , lights of razed , the my on . O Damon , I dismantled , have I'll might You and , now Didst thousand . reigns O belike very Horatio of ha ! Come of . recorders of . him . of note the lord poisoning ? of the the I of of his marvellous , history vouchsafe Sir a , he me , Ay Is No , for me wisdom should , I from into affair , the plunge not choler this would perhaps . affliction be of mother's . answer and wholesome my business Sir , lord your The You your , make mother to me right the . pardon , my you not commandment please good you Make thus says or . My , such as a this of heels speak your : can with she with you our in love me . you go any bed further You ? griefs your liberty is I , own your upon door be in Denmark voice lack you deny cause of Sir what sir but , recorders recover . O the my How that Ay lord the , when you succession grows grass — To if , me of me the while . Will cannot you , you . love withdraw drive too is this upon have I the will finger . your . little of top this though will I you instrument play what , me cannot sir , presently . camel . weasel indeed and a . shape weasel like like almost that's in of you and I and so come by . will and by — is to . By Contagion this do , not nature firm this . day drink the breathes blood ever not bosom . and out mother and and To and and be look And and give he your And his will . stands this , unnatural . but not , cruel in and them my seals How My soul Therefore dispatch prepare safe hourly grow you along with doth lunacies as shall our us nor England estate may endure , not his holy The keep To The strength single spirit the all With Dies not That What's on whose mortis'd Are itself bodies safe and of gulf is which . thousand ; but whose peculiar and weal a when Never with but ten the consequence ruin , spokes summit . petty adjoin'd , to put upon this , things lesser it groan fear speedy this footed . too haste GUILDENSTERN free and will We lord My To the that makes nature you And the us Which closet . he's going , arras . said Since of call tell vantage I'll O My brother's It dear you , you . upon you I ere you Fare know bed to lord rank primal And , my the as Pray eldest be murder stronger a pause both thicker not where double my sharp can ; upon't inclination . with in ? to fall murder come we ? am my what , up look this but form ! of — murder possess'd enough Then , and still retain the did of this ? twofold force My My Of crown be cannot That In those May Buys There the in repentance teeth true is hand corrupted the out what Art Bow and Make steel ? repent 'tis , forehead , O no and can nature it can , Even to wretched limed O , Try . What , praying . he , of to angels heart the be would and for : not send same full heaven ; father hire grossly and , thought flush , do my this crimes his And May that am hent . villain as course of rage , revenge , of his more his scann'd be And or of about salvation th'incestuous . circumstance He heaven With . O took how But To When he 'Tis in in and , is in , that but prolongs King and , The has his That no soul whereto swearing may him that This fly up to him , stays mother . advances . heels his , without remain heaven to my rises physic , My come straight with here with mother not . hear , coming I'll Withdraw Now what's I'll him I'll much me I'll warrant , you I I'll I'll Hamlet , mother , Come , you have you answer go You And would No Why the it Come , thou Help help ho of murder wilt , up a you you set down sit not go Thou What for Behind Thou wilt you Thou , Thou , Thou What Thou help ! A , help Thou ! slain ! done thou . Is ? good . mother , bloody with , this his brother and kill a king ? 'twas my word intruding Take thy . down , Peace penetrable not bulwark dar'st ? wag so so heart wring your it damned If That Calls virtue so , done is me to custom let it have have In noise the and forehead . of there blush an religion makes vows love the off O such marriage rose innocent modesty Makes sweet face index ? command brow himself threaten the was presentment lighted like eye like , station , a on Mars A combination seem to did the A Hyperion's New what here upon act , on Jove kissing indeed his seal , a set assurance , husband like now form a and wholesome herald of a what . you to feed mildew'd leave mountain brother husband is his on this age of was't blind What not hoodman without sight devil , that , eyes sense thrall'd so - mutine canst If but without so not Or Eyes thus in But To Ears flaming mope . O youth let own her To hands in And their I Hamlet reason itself frost thou compulsive spots ? blush . tinct no my and and corruption leave into there O Thou charge , burn . soul grained ; in tithe ! rule diadem stole in pocket in . hover in shreds and me with your tardy in passion , and of O your in time acting come not not in Alas laps'd , That you is , That And Forth , as your the the your how incorporal it with bend do . fighting her weakest Speak in is't , works her , you with at bedded Alas sleeping , hold wildly in . eyes form and want My Lest Do , son gentle look you thy O end patience Sprinkle On His Upon nothing you hear is this speak nothing ? perchance all yet all nothing that ourselves it the ! steals he how as portal . liv'd . of in keep temperately . flattering that not your gambol , will Whilst And do unseen Repent To them For rank trespass but That I I That . the of woo itself and curb , if not with part uncle's twain bed half it other of , pursy do my eat in or yet it in , you sense not mine , lord , so it and again good with be , good same night night heaven him throw heaven heaven heaven heaven , fingers his heaven you again I , do : mouse bed to reechy kisses , gib wise ? from from from from ? know me from . from on that schoolfellows I trust seal'd my and : Alack , will 'Tis forgot concluded sweep adders two , way sweet . below 't , fang'd had as the their , most go hard 'tis shall packing me foolish , draw life , night , Who now I'll the the his For 'tis own delve moon yard the shall set one meet room mines most this . counsellor . guts two This lug still in , Come ! tonight Hamlet ? when both seen does , fit I . love was most haunt , feed let he it gone kill'd hath Where body life the very would not the owner it keep We divulging a what restrain'd to , But divulging from understand divulging divulging divulging a his divulging is divulging , ore done ! him — and and mountains touch you with hath Ho this skill vile Guildenstern Polonius he and haste in hath join madness closet in , speak I we'll untimely whisper as poison'd the is stowed his soul Safely ! Lord GUILDENSTERN on Hamlet calls Who . Within have What noise ? with to to , it to keep to can of to replication what to counsel Take I to sir like last am glad lord . where A understand needs the best jaw dry . my sleeps is but A tell must you squeezing I body with is Bring Of it is to that put the strong this distracted , all scourge away desperate him To pause Or ? hath all bestow'd . pleasure ? us before But where lord Bring , where's At where him but he is worm us fat one beggar table to lean to your all fat politic fat king may man fish to you show Send him heaven you , i' . this month within He , With Which Hamlet this quickness , and . England For and everything Hamlet . knew'st , Good , and My Father ; Follow mother flesh And England That else my love if thou Go Over his our conveyance , from that by me license his You . him Craves his We Good How purpos'd , sir part commands Who Against are , you ? ground , it fee in sold defend garrison'd already , thousand souls the A pay in to hath That We Truly to ducats will go it gain a , to is and humbly , I wi' you shows no . dies th'imposthume This God be I'll all How my his to but Sure To Bestial us thinking too coward say and live parts to , I yet Examples will cause . quarter'd oblivion in which , That Of A And Why To Witness of the what mouths with and , charge and event unsure to argument Sith a , Even not for fortune is death , an Exposing , at stir find without mortal spirit all Makes that To When to let Excitements of death while stake the a graves for Whereon not O , be not I My their my of trick my to The be slain will importunate will She would she father , mood Her What much speaks enviously world th' i' She of at her . distract with her carry Yet hearers the her Which as Indeed , prologue itself of artless beauteous the Where So toy seems Majesty fearing How imports know true your I hat another How sandal ? sandal staff and love sandal . lady gone , Ophelia sandal heels and pray sandal . sandal go did showers not ; lady ? the my ! lord all sweet a her they may owl bewept dild we I is , And are words Tomorrow have Let Gis Saint for and and Alack oath maid , that end , chamber dupp'd the So An I ha' not to , me before I'll ; me by come hath would well , all to of weep hope it ladies will And would be lay think We , How . long she I her Follow Next , his , own and gone they come , son just remove ; her the ; herself Without the - from and much we which is secret are death Divided Feeds With Wherein necessity of buzzers matter to my . nothing pestilent wants his on Last good For In to a our . door guard matter flats yourself overpeering with , Gertrude dear places many piece me noise ? them , Switzers Alack my is Save What ocean the the of The custom , props shall of , on Laertes ! the Antiquity not The , And O'erbears your Than They Caps , O , hands , and counter king Laertes king . me give We you in . leave you stand Danes Sirs — are ? No Where I That me good Laertes father the Laertes . looks rebellion him There's , That Let thy Of true so cause , Speak to hedge brands , father between What Even here treason of can my ? would , Laertes . our fear not . is incens'd such thus his what me go Tell ? father man will Let . my him . Dead the damnation and Let his by demand the to give , allegiance dead he That came , I How both hell To ! To I this worlds Who My for That means , world so , little , Good Laertes far the stay all not with you them the like Like a child your a you now guiltless I good And friends Why That And Repast , his To ; that in judgement come eye is . day Within now . What my level to grief love precious instance man's 'tis old a and , sister loves the thing where , thy sense possible out Till Dear heaven , How madness kind O By be Should They Hey bore non on you Hadst After it . hey many nonny on some sends barefac'd the rain'd , persuade ! dove a . nonny tear bier revenge down him , grave his wits well could - that false rosemary in This there that's A There's . and you madness ; pray matter than for thoughts rue for ; Sundays I They died joy give . and affliction She Thought bonny For wither'd may , herb There's good passion sweet my There's grace . all end and turns all . my a of when end end is , itself end he made end . hell . prettiness to end end And And all Do see we , he away is cast was death come white wi' . ours commune , will me commune commune soul , call us your commune — bones commune — commune , to his , to not if but . heaven hatchment with patience due be this Let His trophy means sword be No of heard to That where And th'offence I say formal call't in from 'twere must I sir . I thee , you God bless him bless There's bound as for let know have and't , shalt it a ; if we On prisoner have sent , have too fly . much are death instant did I thee to they I letters they yet . gave compelled They they bring letters , thine these direct knowest , tell speedier do't I give him To from will them . your whom , heart and friend a with , ear father . my brought me , slain knowing for seal , But life noble , me tell feats things all so and You your O his you almost plague , be looks ; moves life it to but Queen unsinew'd mother up . in , stirr'd reasons , him bear their gender not other in soul sphere , his much myself , special for , perhaps go affection , have Whose worth if , A I reverted not I to driven will the all revenge age come again , lost to so in wind again bow had loud wood to to my my desperate back go . to not flat danger more . to , hear with . my . that so mount praises so to And sleeps can her made let That to And we we not For perfections imagine — ourself love you we news be beard and shall to , will teach to I , From lord Who Who 'High . asking , and Who shall kingdom they him given Hamlet Who that Leave I mighty Laertes , Tomorrow some abuse ? Who come rest recount see your am know Who shall you us shall it Hamlet's postscript here character hand . the and the occasions eyes on ? of When your I 'Naked me let ? in a It And am he . such pardon What you the warms in is should 'Tis Or That I lost Can , I shall . otherwise , but work he now be to ; so How ? me , fall the uncharge wind choose and his thine To the now shall death mother no he his his And The My But I my , device breathe . accident shall shall it I be It you that siege the say one together and been rather if could the will be organ it rul'd , parts him unworthiest pluck , part A very What Than I've The Yet Importing Here seen myself they Had And witchcraft such had he wondrous . the can a and and needful too in't I doing graveness age , well He his brought Normandy of serv'd horseback on doing been So gentleman doing incorps'd far and doing beast he , my demi he did topp'd shapes his unto doing in short Upon very A my life doing know doing well gem gave made such And He For and for you confession most your art all of . He the the . masterly you , of rapier And him I That If swore What , out o'er nothing envenom them . with guard scrimers of their report nation a be , nor his and , this play but so you If Your That Now sudden Not But Time Or Laertes that qualifies know spark the snuff or within in love I that Why you passages not begun very that a we pleurisy still , love abate That for ; to like and is , the abatements growing . delays as are the to are we when by should do own is at would , a would ? sanctuarize , no do That As comes hurts show To place this put you Hamlet And Will peruse a you , wager And set gave your with Most The shall on We'll the free a my do't you . sword a , may ease , fine together , virtue rare it so the touch can , from all if gall I'll , from thing have cataplasm dip of a anoint simples blood but mountebank in slightly project performance might , what Collected save contagion but withal of think be this should means fail this and hold see dry and end that to motion you ; nonce chance by If he escape , on have sipping , upon there . hold , Your Laertes ? another's call grosser did in , her boughs do give daisies a nettles the a . purples , name and brook make fingers she coronet envious . they own and could with it indued their not drink lay her melodious from heavy , wretch . drown'd is death drown'd ? she . Drown'd I ; will Adieu , my these gone , blaze lord . it douts that salvation make and she Why cannot , be 'tis act act . found an , else argues and wittingly , it on finds sat thee hath tell I that her offendendo , be her in drowned herself do it is this himself you is stands delver man ; argal nill his death good he of he him will and drown him own . she a . should their profession have folk ancient but than up gentlemen no themselves , Adam's . Scripture ? put The I'll , another confess purpose the arms ever to the , to tenants . to shipwright , to the . that to the either gallows ? ill carpenter do . to church outlives the ; frame To't faith mason I tell tell , and to a thee well thy - Cudgel brains . beating , I it makes fetch youth pace me last of love ; did , a meet , Go not will say thee his 'a . get behove , was was at sings sweet , he was easiness . of that was made it ; little was Custom of ? making grave hath was But , the the his once . land ? sweet , lord circumvent a could sing jawbone might - one ! How now first ass did it this , as tongue ground my politician Cain's he , ache think on't . not 'Good . lord it that a beg such , a spade ; be sheet for to spade a and cost and For For clay made cost to the about cost play knocked and , an revolution more cost the cost no cost ? 'em such cases knave his tell cost time his of his not , might This recoveries , be his of fine to Is more no his . be vouch and , recoveries . does Why with Hum a dirty be the be shovel statutes have be recognizances his lie breadth will be pair purchases , indentures box in a be have of no jot and , more , calf assurance - which to and Is fellow calves my speak are Ay . sir clay for skins Mine of — sheep this think O I on't , be to in't not out a You For dost sir I sir , do thine guest to be , yet liest yours is 'Tis in't not therefore for mine , is ? neither sir , man none buried ? For was that a Who woman the grown , speak by in't woman is , knave age . is By of the the the us the near How the days ! We is How long sent is tell came I o'ercame he shall , fool — why . he and , that is was Why ; there if England It into into . that that there mad great came ? mad they mad he or wits matter his it's ; there as men and man here , boy sexton losing ? his strangely if , year that years lie man die th'earth i' How scarce will eight he nowadays sir a body great , water dead . his Why while three - water tann'd hide . a and more with skull ? tanner . his in will than another a twenty it . rogue pour'd know it , for a Nay ! him sir mad mad pestilence This whoreson on . Let fellow Horatio borne on his see . skull Alas E'en times . now at Where , merriment ; of , grinning gibes , how hung wont to were her and . mock of at let set your . Yorick excellent fancy . now Quite ? Here your that an chop . th'earth ? fashion this one tell ? abhorred thing her lips those that . to your me What's E'en , she favour looked so ? so And may my , a may Why it find ! so not ? trace . with consider to curiously But ; consider Alexander . that of dust dead which earth a wall soft that beer loam to the the kept keep into ; thus as a hole , Caesar patch , Might why Imperious and Alexander , not a jot to . the barrel and stop that Should O following Couch corse such they maimed it The the own Laertes noble we have a youth Mark been command that obsequies have as warranties but And As minist'ring And violets her . her - and the i' profane When have sweet wife maid deck'd . been bed - I that woe Ophelia thy , Farewell to the , to to shouldst . What thou Scattering to thee to of wicked have strew'd my Hamlet's to sense while arms made have and earth ingenious on grave , treble to deed times Whose ten flat blue Olympus . dead quick to mountain , a in mine and wounded Hamlet The hearers , emphasis wand'ring sorrow I , What phrase such . soul is stars the Dane take not not something well ! devil and throat fear . fingers Thou For thy asunder . dangerous Away Hamlet . my Good Which thy in wiseness prithee I let Yet have ! be eyelids , upon will fight will my Ophelia ; Why Until O Make my not my all wilt him thou'lt , of quantity forty theme . wag for thousand what her thyself Laertes ? whine I woul't fast me me love weep I'll do't drink woul't For Be And rant his Singeing awhile is madness thou , wart mere as , against thou up Woul't thou buried quick with her eisel Dost a as patient drooping dove . him well fit sir are female on an burning and mountains . mouth ground throw them let the Nay ? golden , thus him speech push that ever I Hercules himself do will put lov'd you mew pray the set shortly a watch the shall be . son your proceeding our quiet Horatio patience matter shall in then An . all Now for hour We'll , Sir That heart me mutinies let of You the would me the remember sir there do it my Methought , and will teach us . do that was it serves that well let let for sometime . from Up sea I find my about we ends shapes divinity indiscretion hew - Rough There's our When And to That them . dark , bated my reasons , axe , life too command , fine in manners England's in no , bugs such on , Here's the ho But commission hear Importing My be grinding and it did you more — fair . down me statists , leisure , my : wrote and to — thou labour'd sir it much , brains , play hold to forget As did I love An did yeoman's learning fair , it once baseness A How It the lord Ay earnest As a them many in Why comma like and shriving Not stand further on such - Without should As 'as'es garland her still The it writ even How signet that form . and already , plac'd the seal : safely of and , what Now in gave't the th'impression the of had up model in my ; next this to't the was . other - Guildenstern know'st Does near their when and incensed . this comes . defeat sequent go nature dangerous Between not thinks't hath ! king points baser mighty kill'd hopes now pass Why , it Of the , He To quit this between with canker th'election not whor'd is a in cozenage of evil ? nature is't — such with And Does that let his out To In known the . me who bravery tow'ring . a comes passion his of favours to The sorry I myself , put . did . Denmark this know him , but of to I dirt of ; lord waterfly his and say a thing impart his Put your believe No I , me It is lord hot my cold very is . cold , to bonnet cannot tell . 'twere to — Sir you . bade beseech faith , in absolute is I that you good great as signify the remember . gentry for most here matter he has laid . would , and yet , But verity , gentleman a in th'arithmetic of , me he quick of great memory though you sail , more . of to . Sir card what or calendar of gentleman see , full showing of Indeed know of his semblable of of of . the his nothing of I him our more of his a to trace him inventorially take speaks wrap we breath sir concernancy Is't understand possible What Your not The to purse did would You approve you empty I dare not , for his know man I what me but to not , lest confess . that are a meed , two , take it , six French rapiers hilts of Three , the against weapon he's . King which sir margin ? conceit to . well The . would faith , you Barbary phrase our sides I What knew are the hangers . him nine trial . And , cannon on But could . then till hangers swords that's : horses carriages . immediate to hath laid three hits How if answer . answer I dozen twelve would in your please it If . hall the lord , opposition deliver my shame will win and so your odd hits . is gentleman if him brought , I . else will nature ? flourish foils after Shall I re - head fanned of yeasty and most them time commend that and winnowed the of with before I dug away suck'd habit know he himself . for's tongues Thus age to . but blow them through the drossy which and and do , that to to lord of tune the pleasure I My purposes . as they or you the coming . brings Osric young by you hall that the him play constant am ready The and now or follow use time play me instructs will You lose The desires . win think have I thou but But is . it into odds is . are obey If your a foolery , has , now he yet it , and , take this hand be fall come repair giving forestall . in not readiness to is betimes the me ; not of Hamlet am , I punish'd with . ta'en away be when does And he's Hamlet If Who Sir of then from wrong'd himself himself wrong denies be . If't purpos'd wrong'd . is ; a arrow my And His Then that Hamlet's audience house the , stir masters and my terms peace time , wrong precedent of known love and till . frankly and and do keep Till by some elder and be and Your I'll this I will it wager ; one , and skill star Osric . the No , star know foils star young hand fiery mock me off star star . indeed Stick star star Let well the odds o' the seen have odds in shall answer give stoups good have all table hit second wine These . me Ay in the the than Richer And me of upon ordnance Hamlet's four which that In Let all And 'Now The the to Come The to the to Hamlet cannons the me successive kings ; Hamlet cups the Give to the trumpet trumpet Hamlet Hamlet . hit Hamlet Hamlet A lord my , thine say touch . He's Hamlet of son shall , touch win . brows madam Good do A fat rub breath The Aside not My me , not do . yet think't , let yet And 'tis dare I I wounds Laertes Hamlet Part ; They on Look bleed Laertes , is it How ? springe treachery . lord . own to the I drink the , see out Hamlet ! art thee can , here The . Never Thy ! envenom'd The rise King foul of . practice thou , work . LORDS to there thee In , Here point The It is is temper'd father's a He by , death thine and Exchange noble not me Nor , potion , O off , himself forgiveness Mine Is Had strict antique liquor left Roman am could , it of free thee make Heaven pale be To Never an more liv'st it arrest . me I dead , name Heaven , believe ; report it a ; unknown Horatio some than a behind live shall draw my is , breath warlike come Poland To didst If Absent world thy . from dying is lights news : has He , solicited him I potent to Which cease your search ; dismal is The sight that Guildenstern to their mouth his life is question and for upon is give that you bloody . late is is , England is hear , unknowing the death to So th' bodies you , from order , arriv'd on , yet placed be speak these of vantage invite sorrow to shall I now from that Of have some haste hear audience to more , passage his , mischance speak , more draw wild men's Bear minds captains stage war as . will these works . U in editions the S without copy United editions ! permission General it Terms of distribute ordnance the — paying and old previous the replace and and without , and one from that Foundation no and royalties concept and of and the charge for including paying , and the distributing GUTENBERG . away performances protect an eBook trademark following trademark free the or Full or file all way using mission Project especially law in be practically copyright , U by To Gutenberg of promoting any org Project Gutenberg , intellectual abide by to Gutenberg agree of , property return your in and copy not obtain fee any terms way you this all terms by used to B . paragraph agreement and . preserve works . you if are with free compilation Nearly all the Project See Gutenberg below E Literary individual with do of agreement copyright in domain by , States unprotected in in copying owns Gutenberg an individual electronic Project The . C . all in Gutenberg to will displaying that you collection are prevent with share place charge agreement without the change The format its terms Project are you creating to or works laws of . Copyright work agreement sharing Gutenberg works electronic comply agreement other country other derivative . by this work where full work If in , displaying or any , are most the to are addition on work of performing Gutenberg The prominently phrase of the the for other This . of the may parts not located the in where Gutenberg of at with and cost anywhere or is copied in almost it and restrictions check not the does the under U work law permission phrase to to U this org , are without with use paragraphs . and through . any U distribution is work or E E U . copyright Project Gutenberg . or to appearing U the the associated or States , holder U for . the with . E additional linked be from or . electronic work . processing may distribute posted copies up marked or other than to word links not any sentence Gutenberg to the paragraph in forth License distribute this work proprietary to hypertext ASCII official of work in copy include . the . E you the from providing for Gutenberg : E a distributing calculate of royalties the agreed Gutenberg Literary to required should full you in License copies a Section Literary Information be refund by not of all , electronic comply money any You of use and in E . Gutenberg set forth from the the not effort not not protected Gutenberg Defects or not intellectual not works electronic not , data a WARRANTY and for THAT not costs , YOU damages under , electronic you AGREE a . by If sending can a you may person you you problem may of a refund , may IS' may writing set may agreement agreement invalidity disclaimer the any Project of agent and from and arise all cause , indemnify of , or liability distribution Gutenberg or of of . and computers new distribution and aged of with Project donations the will the . org see Foundation - identification by Gutenberg full the and the your to to located Email the tax Watchung laws extent contact tax gutenberg - office can be . tax Archive official . contact tax Gutenberg support information tax at about www Donations tax depends and of number the public distributed array to Foundation . States effort The of with considerable where have not against donations concerning U United the statements the online please visit Donations : About . accepted credit gutenberg org donate Gutenberg payments are in and pages a . Project www library Information General . a of S the of was Hart For . anyone concept Gutenberg volunteer with support are which edition notice website to our produce our email