unfold yourself , bed . hour 'Tis heart . you had am thanks upon Francisco . guard And The , Barnardo , what has , farewell Welcome , has this appear'd says twice belief , have our . fantasy take And us to and night us him , of him speak apparition come to not entreated . of along , this Horatio 'tis That That What let hear two nights speak we so down 'twill eyes approve may if it . off thee burns . bell The figure same the like , it Looks In Peace Thou . It Horatio to fear Mark it it night , and that Question , with me . wonder speak . speak ! pale ! the thyself Norway th'ambitious Such When he once , As the frown'd and particular the in Thus Good Does Why Why sit such of this inform can that but can That goes is't impress foreign such make Who image as Dar'd in a , At Had His fell he And That Hath to Of in hath For The So Hamlet skirts Norway , and , article , lawless , there and resolutes is appear of lost the post may it Well this And father - this Comes it source A was and through the question watch e'en figure land chief , head ; of the in tenantless Julius dews moist empire the on blood star eclipse coming still , events , stands earth earth earth illusion earth comes again , voice earth earth ! me , earth of death speak oft it , in and it at I it , of , earth in ! if , with majestical of 'Tis ! here it not here the ! blows speak , violence invulnerable . crew guilty . like , when a mockery malicious the , hies in day or present his To Doth in Th'extravagant ; sea and , probation herein . cock season the of that long , seen life it , to our with duty ? know . conveniently this morning one grief That we so Though bear To our with equal In mirth one in Taken better Your With With Now Our He most brother with this with not Importing for . this is : of of him , message with dear and our you For , frame brother's his of dream to surrender of and father uncle rid the all law , you Cornelius lists The You Who Thus Out To , all your articles to greeting , VOLTEMAND show . the Voltemand power duty our we CORNELIUS Laertes some suit nothing of . What of what's : to thou to be not That my instrumental not will . news , asking , heart , thy to thy mouth Laertes ? Laertes , Dane the not , offer to , my though Denmark Laertes , Denmark came ; France to my must wishes ? and me at from wrung my hard to go . slow thine my Laertes Laertes — kind Laertes . Denmark Laertes , i' much the off Laertes ? than Laertes and , less like on you sun like . the lives common like eternity that , it to dust like friend thy my 'Tis Seems like Why No , Together like with all denote actions that which passeth of indeed shows in forc'd is ; cloak it good of Nay it madam nor the forms For can within are have that fruitful suspiration , the black of dejected of moods , me the , eye duties father and some Hamlet , father ; survivor the I know , lost That Take reason dead fault fault to thing our , be Fie , whose 'tis peevish a common hath today died We you earth to , nature simple , a and as , heaven opposition theme cried to son sense that to , intent note world throw , desire our to immediate ; unprevailing This of a so corse woe , till pray the his love , Hamlet , not . Wittenberg , go us ; her best obey prayers to . our eye , whereof Hamlet grace accord a comfort bend to , cousin lose not I Let thee stay in Sits And Thaw , that the this and into solid Seem to me all in to weary self rouse health away again God ! fix'd ! unprofitable dew a earthly Everlasting O that resolve stale dead excellent ; seed merely months Possess a — on't That How Fie two grows But Like With A Let have all tears — like with discourse poor yet appetite and Heaven king a he Hyperion So That too Why might remember ; followed longer My Niobe little on't on ? roughly face As Must God I to . in a a month woman reason , post eyes , father's body old ! uncle , hold my tongue , lord : you ; I glad to Hail your I , or lordship to forget Wittenberg Horatio . do my . myself servant good from to see Wittenberg ? sir you , faith in , make my violence ; even ? My A , I am very glad hear do affair in deep it I shall I it was not lord my me see ere drink Did I , We'll truster . what make to is know you . bak'd upon hard follow'd the marriage tables Horatio father , met had I , had seen thrift I coldly , mother's . my — I Horatio goodly . in all , take I saw his upon look man I My lord him once , the King your him yesternight Who my , marvel This The attent ear of these father With Two nights dead In the an Season witness let and . point Been thus encounter'd waste Barnardo love to may , me . fear , eyes thrice solemn surprised with figure hear gentlemen their on these , whilst act : your - like of pie the march distill'd he , walk'd middle , them stately and ; with fear not third they him jelly truncheon's oppress'd , before and the length and speak to deliver'd had , hands Form , Where Almost By their impart made knew each are upon My I thing where But word , father ; it as the at even Itself to My lord answer motion Did you the not to speak , I like vanish'd very honour'd lord 'tis our this ? it down of but tonight We , we did you the , Arm'd lord know , and MARCELLUS watch , To do live . duty in . you Hold From , my toe his top . not ? to head to Arm'd , Both say you , his yes O lord Then My A sorrow . there would I amaz'd . Stay'd Nay upon . you . a . might long it been . haste BARNARDO . when sable have was beard Longer grizzled . tonight silver'd life , gape all conceal'd though in peace it it you Let If to hold my shall but , your be platform loves 'twixt it Give Upon an I'll will I Till all I My then my , some play My sit , is convoy But And , let assistant from the embark'd . winds benefit , primy nature toy of his favour , suppliance of a lasting minute , besmirch doth is will but you no his no , his you loves Perhaps will subject no to not fear : no he loves he of be this choice yielding if your no fits It Unto health his to says that soul no waxes now and mind persons choice state depends , cautel ; must body you open ; sister treasure his chaste importunity unmaster'd his the fear . honour or it rear danger , ear main his Than May give too heart , keep of Virtue Too oft canker The If Out And wary in the I watchman some primrose like itself Show a not my leave a is Laertes , father shame you of a fear own too double A Yet sits stay'd And thou Look And Those Be these . by thoughts act adoption with thy and soul , unproportion'd precepts here , precepts Of Of Bear't every precepts Costly in fancy thy precepts , rich , precepts apparel censure express'd they And But Give precepts man's thy the in of ear purse proclaims best rank man : borrower a of This And Are Neither a For canst borrowing habit oft and nor both the dulls : above loan oft most it select France generous a edge itself lender in ; thine gaudy : not thine ; that thine . day man thee . thine to thine thine thine time And , you Marry me he , your of as told private that it Given , in way , and — yourself honour tell me yourself and put I me the clearly tenders 'tis . many . you free most so , understand do so And be it circumstance you for . green . you , Pooh ! lord , I'll have teach tenders perilous I poor baby a true them think , should more a me hath , My Which Running , Or , hath With , holy his to I , In given And he lord fashion Believe a presence both , do the is fire larger not Than may And so Even You in more Set Be entreatments at . him parley command vows in much something your to believe beguile plain words you slander which any , is this leisure the with ; come Lord time all , bawds Hamlet . air , now , Look to't you . my , season near . draws then held the , What nipping eager very , an a It as The I it , I No spirit think does this my and tonight the heard Indeed What Wherein wassail mind in honour'd to More Makes This a drum and , doth King - triumph of The it Ay trumpet draughts and to my manner traduc'd it vicious birth marrow our , in That breaking o'ergrowth of choose nature in , phrase takes nations it swinish other east and though , chances of Since By by Or their habit say be Fortune's stamp manners Nature's else Being , down pales livery — as man they pure grace as one these origin are for cannot his forts much of ; men defect , undergo take dram ! particular general fault substance censure of of , as or , infinite As Be thou Be Thou father we their burst canoniz'd not bones in such a or or blasts mean may again ! ponderous thee cerements . questionable call shape Hamlet nature of in of glimpses , again up royal Dane , answer tell steel we What moon , of should disposition our shake our fools marble this and complete jaws , it desire did , I . ground . follow . fear the lord what not ; fee I'll a , form reason of other of sovereignty , the the cliff . thee . my go not your off Hold . hands ; fate makes each cries out shall as ghost me artery lion's , go My petty Unhand of follow . nerve that lets . me thee . to obey this issue what the in state will Heaven direct let's flames serious ! and come hear hear , young thy start from whose combined up two Thy locks freeze stars hair my walk spirit thy am I the foul and tell Like harrow And each like eyes thy this quills could flesh and But thou most Murder O end , their that , most most But As me know't to May , foul , fat hear orchard Lethe than be ease on as swift ear my noble thou sting that ; me ; so , in itself duller That And not 'Tis given process , thy my of did wears prophetic Mine my , his wicked O witchcraft With From a , to seduce of Ay , went a to me The my will O O So wit of what most incestuous and — wit , to gifts won - seeming made I . though prey to itself And juice of in And Brief mine her court lewdness Though My let Upon custom secure the cursed porches my . me The leperous swift an such And But soft With Holds That natural with , wholesome sudden and alleys as The a like tetter . So did into doth the courses quicksilver gates curd smooth smooth smooth smooth was lazar , smooth No I , smooth life Of O horrible nature in O the those thy To glow 'gins couple bear my hell ? heaven O of ! adieu her sting And all I The thou shall O And And you But you observation , In this ghost , forms observation volume , my ! observation so be a down observation ' . me to Denmark observation word ! observation , villain ! set it villain . sworn't , my ho , it be So Within . lord , Hamlet Lord and . My Within ! ho , lord noble lord it once ? think lord . this us are the ; lord you To ghost Ay , so desire for and — is it as as your business fit without we that But an tell more and and , you , part point part I'll and right I'll I'll . lord you I'll heartily , here vision I'll , I'll tell us , will We known What friends you As O'ermaster't Yes is much your Give one poor ? request lord my , will swear't but MARCELLUS seen have you , not I not Nay my my , sworn upon , Indeed my , Swear . Art stage lord Upon under the hear Consent oath my you . seen have Swear Beneath our . sword have heard , gentlemen my upon , Then that again my Swear work . i' remove wondrous it give , mole sword . is and strange , shake shall never me on . philosophy your in of perchance or 'We some — if to — Swear me of mercy speak' , at I As antic or this disposition times That , you do all rest so spirit a and , lips us go , together set ever shall lack , go . cursed right in friending as me Let spite not poor t'express out was born . Reynaldo , they . you , question finding more it of friends him and where , touch what at ; me who and will knowledge , nearer come distant some 'twere particular and father as , What part if't so As or drabbing , Quarrelling noted and my . drinking , and liberty noted noted wanton noted gaming To no Faith : noted put he That You My noted noted , to but of of incontinency breathe a on in . faults mind , blood unreclaimed in his fiery of lord fetch , would it Mark ever 'twere Having youth The party ; of the sound , the consequence , lord he I say phrase ? this about something 'closes then phrase phrase He I , does was in , consequence' phrase and ay 'I 'gentleman or , the phrase ; know such phrase At At He I closes There 'I , bait thus do , by and of , falling he such a house at And Your So my son By With music yourself in . now My Lord lord With Ungart'red , not know me held the by to he other Mad As He And thrice would draw falls to shatter his so ; but face all o'er perusal . thus waving shaking took As At And end And For And his it He last he — rais'd , That to so me bulk King undertakings fordoes itself . of words hard sorry late , on his shoulder I . find his bended their me the , denied , did command . jealousy and ! love kept our to age move . King might call have Something have we , dear hasty Hamlet's Since . What you , long I should be provoke Guildenstern and to you up entreat of that inward man , it put , both , court , humour him with to neighbour'd so you as to by gather , majesties a fits by , Thanks , your the dread Than ourselves obey in both service , the To here And our presence and to amen joyfully Are from the lord hast to my my , I And Hunts it As duty God and as , good of hold Hamlet's of do lunacy sure I do that I to I ? my , the trail of that else policy long . us'd very the admittance cause in he hath them . appear'd suppress to desires . the out to , into preparation a be Receives rebuke your against his falsely Was Fortinbras ; better It borne before , he which That old before against never against , crowns in , you for enterprise quiet overcome to employ the Polack , you thank your Answer night this upon for welcome at , think more , at it your regards dominions On to we Go Meantime And will call to More Madam swear no less with use true true 'tis for I 'tis is't I be tediousness And Mad But he That is mad , say effect in have celestial have Hamlet have this have Came have have , not be ? her faithful , him to believe will to it have love I numbers whilst O , hath , given by my hath dear am dear . But I I love Doubt at in more hath mine she you and honourable . me ? do What think of what love But hot . me a heart look'd upon ? No this young think the love I went sight this you the you think might what here table mute out then from I thus , on wing , that you tell , book dumb and - or , to star . her , tokens tale , this likely . this , very said time a Hath it Do And all we wail for ? ' otherwise know though if , circumstances hid this this is me it , truth Where we the does Here So in does does lobby four he sometimes the does he . daughter arras fall'n for a carters does comes poor beseech the no assistant farm does a his my he reason does look Away does How You know my - a God - Lord , board I'll Well you , I . Do Not Then you would were this ten thousand goes world my , Honest of a , as dog a a good a . to't He for is a , a daughter ; lord my read , satirical that here says ; much fishmonger What suffered . my , lord matter words Between who the is slave though , have , not old madness that , madness hits . often is Indeed replies could lord you cannot except withal suddenly be from life my , you except anything I . fools tedious Fare , well Hamlet . God the Lord These You To excellent good the On My How my or Neither soles of how the lads Good Happy that Fortune's , most privates , her Fortune ? world's is favours deserved Let . honest more . she news the my not ; strumpet . is , true my . What have But Fortune doomsday , you that Prison a the , my is goodly one in prison ? th' wards . have substance the dreams shadow , indeed could , Why thinking makes be , dreams God , Which I infinite ambitious but bodies such to I matter the in speak Then beggars' our Shall man friendship an like am , of you rest . the am my are it am and not craft . for good . which know colour of ? dear friends What to confession But Is justly To I the we should your the You were Queen lord a . no and , love even and of what , what youth , direct with ? If you you , have , not I King it anticipation . say for eye , I then , a you heavily so all my this custom of discovery your no lost Queen shall and so moult how express how , to so like , a , golden noble in pestilent me work and in paragon angel piece , the . in My lord world , an quintessence dust , the shall lord did you the shall welcome peace part target Majesty man the . way . said not . you We offer have his are or , lungs end , I them in whose coted shall and you whose — use players man his delight whose residence , whose the by , make shall clown the whose Even whose I chances it wont were their same Their late innovation Are , is they so for't of , it No keeps little goose — clapped tyrannically most ? are the pursue they are , if . afterwards , make their they . eyases no . themselves better ; for . players — they scarce Will it . say many come quills . These are them the . cuffs ? player do has been boys , they load . question was brains too , about his , the in hundred at ; Ay , that very not make my is of . hands you The than ducats , there garb outward lest welcome welcome is my But . aunt Elsinore players to to more my - from a like the uncle north of fairly are welcome mad you , he's the second prophesy a You That . clouts is old an say they of at child . players to was . man — indeed so an , for Then each on honour , Buzz best , in pastoral The of , Jephthah What treasure Israel liberty the comical actors historical heavy and writ - pastoral , tragedy individable ? for , the history historical , treasure a and , Jephthah ? right , you me , Am I , Aside Jephthah call he daughter , fair . which , no more . daughter ' know , follows by pass my , masters What Com'st friends mistress . the by , last you and piece uncurrent By'r , of altitude . welcome lot to thou quality last , gold . see We'll speech Come speech the a my lord ? a heaven What to my when like I young valanc'd is ? nearer Pray God to Denmark in me all . a have . straight . was never — lines not acted , was or if was others excellent and million the was , as make the indite an was pleased as it was of your resemble , it it in might as , see with night complexion black the Head the whose it , purpose me slaughter Priam's line he , dismal Pyrrhus arms horse dismal smear'd dismal foot to dismal horridly parching the , sons dismal trick'd , and light fire dismal , daughters damned streets a with dismal . tyrannous gore Pyrrhus , accent , discretion , good , wide , Ilium with , For the to , this base Pyrrhus' , to Th'unnerved to was Priam feel falls his as a as But As A Aroused And Mars's out In all spokes the the As the the fiends to , and nave This as general Out , barber's , your with a Say a 'The of is long tale too to . on sleeps say beard — that threat'ning head , all with , in , About the lank th'alarm of fear the good ? queen' , all she not — gods , sport malicious did the with saw blanket When In 'Gainst But Who instant burst move the in his you not mortal speak have thee players are they turn'd And milch passion , the the more , things the abstracts the have he were well Would made you death After used for you ? much I will better they 'scape well will see well I'll ; your My is , more Use , is lord less bodikin hear is thou him is tomorrow , deserve Follow is friends old friend is ? We'll , would you play would you which You night Ay Can speech would and study could , not you would , him you I'll . mock would would friends would . player dream monstrous it Is till Follow night a force For ? and conceit Hecuba , eyes his That And I What's With Had he He the Hecuba weep for him to and drown stage What for would all the general ear was beard me Upon nothing muddy of mad Make cleave and ignorant guilty , would with free the horrid the and , I , peak a I , No . whose , blows me Who : and cannot coward i' this ? be ? face lie for me lack this brave villain most bawdy region , Oh an son my by very ! hell murder'd , with villain kites ! heaven heart , speak he blench father power have I ; perhaps spirit If of have seen , the grounds thing , his my and , devil yea the , I'll As relative is he than very Wherein But He does what Nor we But will will will will from Niggard will gentleman . state on to true will his bring crafty him madness Of disposition will free question Most well , court order Majesties . content me , delights edge him give shall , here , judge unseen may , hither accident , he That That Of That by may him , it — ourselves walk bestow Madam Ophelia , That loneliness And much — of show action we do devil pious Aside The a smart How that , 'Tis . ugly deed is my Your too beautied speech O harlot's Than The Is coming him O not may sleep to a to troubles ? is ? end consummation rub the ? life scorns the . of contumely delay man's the ? quietus these make so whips the love office of of That he patient a To With bare and of would Who , country , puzzles The rather that When of the himself dread sweat spurns bear might merit wrong dispriz'd The oppressor's bodkin ? something under that of us of have we not all whose after , of and resolution of cast , remember'd , a day for , lord many my honour this ; have of well remembrances sins does humbly sins thank , longed I My you , re to sins receive now sins not you words of so sins ; sweet you compos'd , sins well the noble unkind mind know No gave right when lord you Are Ha , There , honest for to perfume breath , admit no ? from translate sooner honesty now gives beauty believe me you . old . transform paradox love sometime a , but the discourse honesty , bawd a . likeness to proof my me have thee myself revengeful I my , fellows I thy ways and to have , proud things I such ? I time to but nowhere fool the play . may lord my . own him At shut doors dost thou If be upon him you sweet if restore powers him ! marry them given God , hath are are mind what rose and glass of , fashion the live to lisp , you and I'll , the , they o'erthrown tongue , sword , youth . see , brood something it . There's not have form jangled noble , most tune of O affections like set doubt danger have which be I : and Haply objects , still beating his , heart in shall : tribute determination different neglected speed expel of something demand down some O'er And it his brains variable From You him wisdom all show be plac'd best shall in Your ones ; shall so We as pray you And I'll their send It Madness To great it my beget , to I noise part hear as but it periwig nothing but avoid , passion must acquire , had air very torrent It . shows I to who dumb tear , fellow pated gently . may spoke lines ; all ears of have out . soul , and a neither the to too most - very I a capable action , is was o'erstep ; would but , warrant you tame your honour not word purpose is not Suit show and , and , modesty of nature 'twere image this cannot , men and O the of the pagan Christian hope thought some , a off , though grieve o'erweigh more themselves is altogether , considered in set And let those that have abominably . sir . no be make it villainous set had there barren then to a ? the some reform'd . we reform be though , laugh than in . That's this Bid ROSENCRANTZ will , lord help hasten my you my piece and Will Queen too , that players now lord work . Horatio , lord them , make We two Here , Will For revenue no That and ? do I may lord from thy hope absurd ? hear her choice flatter'd been , spirits flatter poor , be election thou of Dost of Why pregnant For buffets , mistress lick tongue distinguish . are please , too much and , stop A That what passion's ay a my In I , comes core thee of have There Which , prithee I sound Whose To One is my I Give . of Something play . a not slave That see'st near tonight mine his act of that a thy of comment thou , told thee we have occulted that in If as one guilt soul unkennel damned And In steal detecting aught he both is playing . him judgements , theft my his whilst this . I must , Queen ; the I . these ; My feed you , now this cannot cousin promise with nothing I I did my enact did , mine That brute and I Julius To and me ? th' kill'd capital a i' and so enact ? calf and and patience . and Be . my dear ready upon here's O No mean Ay I you lord in do ! lie your lap you matters ? upon maids' between legs but died ? merry two be father lord What looks hours ! should my Ay Who jig cheerfully you how Nay then heavens great ! die build horse , whose then ago months ; may memory - hobby - long sables there's by'r with , hobby he , and must let twice . months not shall a year suffer for he He and O he else half , not ? yet . a life , Queen comes in takes and a ears again , The in four the pours in and makes a bank fellow passionate but in . comes Anon forgot epitaph lovingly a Queen and , seeing head his , declines kneels makes very him returns , it crown Queen Poisoner with upon , her asleep kisses her with seeming exits The lament to takes , his . with gifts the miching is means , Mutes carried unwilling away , mischief . means ? love by , this show show not what Be you show you ashamed to cannot this tell shame to are You naught that any , shall are us , our mark . your I'll , a love . my ground been twelve borrow'd thirties . with Tellus' Phoebus' moon and sun love hath wash the world , So And Neptune's Full times cart gone round sheen hands , our distrust I former , must . you so fear are is . quantity know grows : there , are and , love proof , great , the made doubts in is is little fears love Where Where , And love must belov'd For in shalt the rest . my , kind treason the be first thrift . Aside Are respects base But do like violent husband of time that second who but Wormwood you the slave validity : tree you oft . none second marriage I is fruit , but poor sticks mellow that determine , Which I joy Their The violence ending necessary To our That This For grieves on , for question fortune you mark , or us yet favourite , flies , own : tend of enemies a doth . try enemy do still devices and to our die Sport desperation food prison well cheer when no their him seasons fates his run . face the me nor dead lord first thy and turn from me anchor's opposite If Nor Meet what I An To Both would here , If sworn Ophelia My 'Tis deeply And you mischance this , her keep there she'll ? in ? world th' i' name play what o' his the but image wife is , play are to unwrung touches , the knavish Lucianus chorus good You Duke's is ; lord piece and The murder shall Marry Mousetrap interpret gall'd anon . It keen could I You cost a my , are if edge , dallying love your would you Still mistake black Confederate drugs no weeds agreeing doth time for , damnable . and , else midnight fit raven revenge natural him i' thrice of With Thy Hecate's life He is poisons Give , in for's estate choice love lord fire . You shall . weep . All some . play fares watch , forest world runs So , Lights me the let the deer go Away , hart lights Why strucken , Provincial cry a . I — dear reigns O one dost For thou whole a with me ; with Half A might have very Didst pajock perceive rhymed word . pound poisoning . my the , the Upon like like like , marvellous like . distempered ? like ? of what lord like his ; sir my drink , richer more to him far discourse tame in most to , I put itself my more for , put your my your Queen my mother you if my , me my The my lord you , lord sir you But . diseased matter rather ? as . shall the of not my I return and this pardon answer , my wit's or . amazement into My mother her struck . admiration behaviour hath a stonish times our closet ! her by pickers did these stealers and You . the bar of you to do once have you once How be can upon lord what once once she ten with love of King ? advancement , once if I while me once Let sir your door And so once I do cause the drive love would To — withdraw the proverb something musty your himself why you too me , do toil is unmannerly with bold cannot pray . this play . understand not well that duty be as , my lord I My I me I Believe cannot I , it ventages and it your these But I lying breath to command how is it make sound would much you you would now 'Tis as thumb there ; yet me my compass be can . pipe speak know my stops ; make would . in of to . this I will though . am . upon shape it backed . whale like , the Queen that's and 'tis Or my Very I to . come By and bent by to When on business bitter such look , do lose heart quake Contagion Would to this soul of not the yawn world Let O said now 'Tis churchyards could hell drink mother out breathes itself Now . be to be hypocrites . not my the , I daggers my tongue and soul in this she be , enter thy let ; consent , with , us safe along not . nor , his The to And To all With keep not and it alone ; but . weal depend but The a gulf doth draw , groan speedy . falls things . footed this GUILDENSTERN us . voyage general this - too and ROSENCRANTZ goes but petty annexment King Attends Which For you Arm , I'll tell bed my , go to , him o'erhear mother , well you Fare call makes more should , not heaven ; What — What What What What ? serves sweet blood What prayer mercy of this we Then come what down past ? being serve My To pardon'd is Can Or be own pardon'd currents this by — murder possess'd , queen ; repent . nature And My Art engag'd ! of sinews ; that O when be knees as Be , Bow soft stubborn state it repentance what Yet what can ! soul struggling angels with - born strings Make free steel assay , of ! Help heart and . is to not send ? passage his his of And full salary as May . mother days . stays . below . go , him silence and stood bear . me hear I , what's mother , Grace straight have . pranks that heat Pray Mother him . Fear him mother , warrant I'll Withdraw my father much ? the Now , Come , come are You And , I'll Nay Come , rood You then rood not go Where and rood the it rood you I set , you to not set rood sit thou may What rood Behind . How for now ho see do help ? a ? dead ! ducat , thou I know not hast ? it Is ! I rash . slain . fool — his , bad marry intruding my . Take , word mother good . this brother Peace busy better rash 'twas king too hands . your wring me Leave Polonius of it damned And To done noise me against and act ? wag against rude have Calls blurs That From false body dicers' a sets And soul very the there hypocrite fair as forehead As As A roars Look what counterfeit this and , what the grace a , picture sick , visage thought Is Ay presentment was of on two brow , this threaten command : to . follows to eyes ear , seal hill front the Jove to to heaven assurance you , fair to moor on is your husband world husband wholesome this brother to did god the call upon from you not to day cannot You The And But Or a sickly shame or . hell ! of eyes mope not so flaming hands without it in Else serve thus without but sense in And mine , speak into turn'st O Thou When If And will in Nay , but sty . no These In like murderer O As Over slave And from of me more ; wings figure ? by , chide lets to son tardy say , mad . with me What he's your command of This , gracious would , come Alas your ! visitation sits . strongest O dread purpose fighting ? son ? excrements alarm wildly discourse , on is't eye it , do Forth cool conjoin'd . stand the and cause Look look look you how , gentle in the O thy do pale distemper life spirits do in , glares nothing you see all Nor Nothing , look My where father at , there his habit in even now how but . ourselves look goes , Look Would That Whilst , but mining the my virtue , come , beg ; grace test to word Bring will Mother , love madness madness which ; and , avoid the fatness vice to do times on these pardon in twain . to , weeds heaven him it good , of part to sense eat , cleft , good cleft cleft . cleft cleft cleft it have cleft , nature more on . lend is use gives put likewise the custom , on , who on . desirous to hath and on this pleas'd be , throw on on on out him , same For you . with minister . lady I again And Or Let the The death I gave him , word What no bloat , One begins , in you That mad dear No , that's , But , from a Unpeg the To , the in , fly , 'Twere queen , hide a sense Who from , conclusions in , secrecy do a fair , famous and good birds your life of thou Let assur'd , breath And Hoist But 'tis the mandate me knavery to , them When blow I had with 't 'tis O and sport one moon line man , most . into shall at And For I will I'll , most these is a what us ; matter , Bestow must You as is the What the arras the , sea . hearing rapier and wind both ! ' , stir something How O liberty is full , you To His It Should . this bloody , whose be to threats been . there brainish rat And The yourself be , laid shall had we all answer'd . deed , and ; of ? providence was fit disease like base , metals of madness body it some hath he Where kill'd ore from it of the on whom itself a apart , closet . our hence , Gertrude O Shows the chapel . I speak with — But sun The we countenance Hamlet both in madness join and go from And Transports As him seek Go And Come . Hamlet noise ? lord my ROSENCRANTZ Safely of Hamlet GUILDENSTERN , Hamlet they thence , dead kin to ? king be 'tis may chapel the bear 'tis And not Believe should not believe , me soaks the , I you ape , and in corner sponge needs , you shall be . my have , it : his he , to the foolish with lord us a ! with body . ear The . what you you the a A my is speech King body and go thing , tell glad of must lord you the thing , King with seek him man law multitude their , is eyes and even ; at not now How By Diseases away all grown lord , reliev'd . my , him us cannot hath bestow'd befall'n . But We What . Bring where's , Guildenstern . Polonius lord ? emperor for for of end ourselves fat ! but is table , of eat , king dishes two — Alas one with Nothing i' seek heaven him , thither th'other month some within you . to Where But see this place him . seek . thee hence grieve — and ? and , thou Good and England . and and . purposes , mother them . and knew'st England man and and is one speed . Come , everything th'affair love my . you Pray him seal'd hence . aboard . is it And After to my The Howe'er thou must cure me . ne'er it blood were joys the homage Pays , Till my from conveyance him that by . king march , his in , on . do't sir him duty aught the us with would Majesty his shall I will express our my whose , powers ? Norway , They are these . sir of some , speak against , frontier with and profit should it I but Pole . peace , sir it ducats straw my wi' thank cause little do occasions straight a , sir of beast . is market . inform me before . no , not us ? good and capability after gave reason godlike whether it large What Go discourse his , made before oblivion Of And thought Why I parts three , coward quarter'd us unus'd . some th'event do thing's and as , strength know not to charge do , means , and , me puff'd , be danger unsure prince on — wisdom the great , dare the and , fortune not greatly eggshell that all what the delicate of the gross Makes To But That the their for of reason . find kill'd , the and while and like not trick twenty of numbers from the the , beds cannot , and fight fantasy O try the continent bloody the I not speak nothing time cause worth . be with her forth , mood half world but the . and , sense it speech use hems they ; things Her in ? hears she doth aim own might , fit collection , one nods of doubt it thoughts nothing , heart , them , strew nature , be , gestures their to unshaped to Yet my It fearing to . some to artless of soul conjectures winks would Though good , How itself spills the is Each So seems sick full now should and shoon his his From I your true what , a , pray his mark stone green dead a grass and gone mark . head Ophelia the you shroud his as Alas Pray White , Which are , upon her but Valentine's morning a maid at To means words ; this : say Saint this your your this at be this , this this , this . door out more ! bed by wed done hadst You she By would thou ha' not promis'd me to my thus well . would thank I they An be so give ; I been be must lay hath th' your poison they . and muddied most single her father come of O gone remove people thoughts violent spies he , author , slain greenly , ear death beggar'd arraign this , places many ? this . person infect our his in from our come , buzzers , my , stick . murdering Gives to Like our our Where our and our our , O'erbears Antiquity as , The , cry hands 'Choose , They Caps this on and props we and , counter be king , him , ' , clouds broke false you all without you . dogs . the ' false the cheerfully Where , 'Laertes Danish are — give me . leave we , you you I That Cries drop cuckold Of , mother my to the Do not - brands calm that's blood here go There's Let Even art incens'd his divinity is That Acts thou Dead . me , Gertrude , will but — Where Speak thus demand ? give I my only ? be point . allegiance Conscience Let both Most come throughly comes , so well world . revenge your in friend and not go means They If sweepstake Of his like Repast the And them Why , my thus now and good child you am I Like To friends None a in does as to your Let come As guiltless eye in 'pear , for . judgement . is that noise . Tears virtue brains be shall and dry O Should is After the thing , as is't , up . a love , turn madness and precious in the beam some him his And nonny Fare They Hey on grave , thus wits rain'd many dove persuade could you him and you and well my a nonny revenge ! on the instance it , hey , nonny not It thy move call thou Hadst nothing's ! rosemary there becomes document in madness daughter , This , for . that , pray than ; There's grace a There's it father . end . here's would They . you and O you give I for say . joy . Sundays my died . bed , hell to he itself , b' God . soul his away was come again snow your hear direct see Do Laertes I , must 'twixt collateral will we satisfaction lend your and , our that if patience judge me this ? your O , give apart but by all we and you friends but not kingdom , to us your soul o'er ostentation heaven . burial question his — earth 'twere hatchment to shall you Cry What , Sailors they that have in with Hamlet Lord , know if come from them part letters . from world of , too . sir for your name sir you , if . letter is a England it know this overlooked , for him ; warlike . Ere put on a we On did I compelled instant they us dealt to bring England : too have have sent they have They fly ; wouldst prisoner . to for have knew But the Guildenstern thee to thine hold . King haste good dumb thou to their , course will Farewell matter and to give that will And must put me conscience to speedier thou , to you that from the I , Come O , your Why by well your hath Pursu'd my heard he you you And proceeded so wisdom were for are strong looks it and , feats unsinew'd Queen much . capital , mainly me they , The and life for in other motive sphere — these against all in perhaps his my not to faults I in his the general affection , wind , him , stone myself seem , back father bow loud so to I challenger sister driven a that not gender so turneth graces your of for . on if have for ; them arrows hear love flat But may aim'd my made let we and with shook lost again danger shall more ourself imagine . teach shortly beard stuff that . You are we pastime father , your my What will , think I lov'd that This From my 'High . Tomorrow They were given Hamlet Of ! Who Laertes , you by me , Sailors What mean ? shall I your sudden Are all the rest come thing ' . come his in . warms live and says ? lord thou diest 'Thus tell sickness advise a 'Tis Know and ? 'alone him , ' my But heart , to ' , otherwise ? my his If be and , own As That I It the . him , be it But And his his more To at , shall not wind in my breathe the practice be rul'd devise organ of I been Wherein say envy him , parts your sum regard a it . travel from in . my ? youth my Two health light together you shine Hamlet's , riband and , careless graveness serv'd horseback , since French , the — gallant his seat cap Normandy weeds wears thought natur'd horse this , demi on in't myself a against unto grew but , tricks - his topp'd my and he and brought doing been forgery the brave had As With life very The . a masterly , defence report indeed . same , all the nation indeed eye envy his , and him . sight especially a , be The this with do o'er Hamlet match out . of had swore He If one you of That of of I the , love did this heart a , of love abate like within at a of , it would your not fire by spark begun of I But kind wick qualifies Time Dies And A are nothing is or the are place by we own goodness , growing are And are easing . 'should' are for we 'would' : are ; good church words should But are close shall keep the excellence chamber are son the quick o' th'ulcer . within your on you . murder th' i' father's in throat ? sanctuarize Laertes you free from , you of , choose do't anoint I that for and him little ; that contriving remiss fine varnish know are come , together practice of a so I'll death . father . my your in dip knife have virtue , slightly this death gall my rare mountebank blood all the scratch'd Let's what our fit And that a to Weigh Should We'll ! did or on motion are , dry hot have but sipping prepar'd end your to , see , project this Therefore , let , Queen . and stuck ? venom'd that cunnings whereon you violent , I'll for nonce drink . proof solemn in bouts another's . glassy and make stream ? Laertes , purples brook a a boughs envious Her . brook When As one weeping down And Clamb'ring her clothes bore of chaunted , trophies and , could be ? Ophelia , drown'd , these . tears my , are fain holds . speech what trick ; folly will it will Let's But fire , had of , Adieu calm be my her douts this therefore Too Let I How much in buried be tell to is that can , on be How hath sat , se offendendo drown be , wittingly act . I Nay , It lies . go man myself to , water drown the But the himself ; hear but water you Will and Argal . that to mark not if out , the And , is't a ancient burial Christian had quest law . great gentlewoman than is up gentleman hang themselves she their , have gentlemen more but profession Adam's more ? or There understand ever without thou — dig me arms . the not to , the builds . Adam He was ? digg'd , Why Could to says How art a to either mason ? carpenter shipwright tenants thousand , how ill dost thou . or . come carpenter now , a and , unyoke shipwright again a . tell can that , tell your for dull cannot Mass To't you about last he when more and it beating . asked The In O methought there was for , till , contract very a makes houses Yaughan , nothing of youth feeling was time O when I no it little with claw'd But the me Hath of shipp'd hath hand Custom made hath in And age had a It my would circumvent morrow my could be he when lord might which that , a , lord good Or o'er - horse might This ! offices so : and of mazard at loggets these Ay such my , to . Lady Here's beg - one's sexton's a Worm's lord ; fine cost bones Mine more and pit a guest meet be ; think the revolution no ache a spade clay a shrouding such of the to now rude will not be time that not his shovel fellow have of his this , fine full a his might of , tell recognizances his pair indentures of , fine his this and fines , in's of ? double fine his pate , more , and fines ? the buyer him in no , my ; great purchases knock his double dirt of his The ones very must and ? ha - skins too I grave's assurance ? skins made and which , of are They speak and , this . it out my For part dost not quick 'Tis , lie in't What a say say , say then . What man say to be the therefore it ; for say say knave is the is courtier so he a age heel By the th' been Lord galls his toe . dead equivocation taken have peasant the three by must Horatio , absolute . of the the grown is can why mad into is that he ; not , days the Cannot that was shall Why ; there him seen 'Twill in be was it's , great there mad . How with ? and thirty , boy many you last year . nine he will of whoreson earth keep I . a ? sir rogue know , skull , Yorick poor knew him my , King's flagon most now hung those in the of , was , Alas E'en This at infinite it Where oft flashes know is a . jest . be your and lady's now . tell Horatio she rises that , Here gibes let at my What's chamber , Make this my think thou looked own that grinning ? Pah lord . Why it stopping Horatio he Alexander E'en may find so , too consider not of follow . whereto loam stop Might O Should The Mourners But that such Queen ; Alexander of that beer dead patch And The Fordo corse the following a , but ; that soft t'expel ! soft , they life it courtiers maimed follow awhile very noble else ceremony we of hand estate . enlarg'd , charitable For should pebbles and is , should that Her As , minist'ring her requiem the No profane Lay fair i' When spring to tell and , sister her , thee sweet flesh unpolluted howling be maid , Farewell wife strew'd strew'd deck'd grave strew'd sense been have to strew'd treble thy . strew'd in mine head , strew'd Till I thee times treble ingenious earth quick you the Olympus a dust your of To Like Grappling with the wand'ring Hamlet The not ! the wounded - hearers ? This is I , take rash , throat . this . upon no with will him lov'd , O son Ophelia Could Good , Until , will fight thousand , wag , my my my , Laertes forbear me ? eat God thou'lt what For , is What . he eisel leaping and mountains crocodile whine I throw ? them our let . grave will to ? so in here ? her work dove ; mouth , are the fit is mere golden the as patient you ever is The Let mew cat Strengthen pray thee you I good Horatio to set shall in shall An Gertrude hour quiet grave put We'll Good , matter the present our sir this much Sir me a , there mutinies let heart rashness Our And our There's When the for sometime divinity indiscretion serves our . Methought ! of bilboes do be not Remember my in , plots would and shapes them is - their find gown cabin , making fine , desire Horatio , command , to exact of , England's my life axe of , unseal withdrew more it read at proceed Is't head with make a to villanies my brains commission could Or hold had A Devis'd did baseness to I once How write yeoman's begun benetted the I They the Here's wilt But you . fair as , a new did play it learning The them 'as'es - of service ; our , know . that me forget good As As As stand the debatement still her 'tween and comma know further , bearers put - to sudden more this seal'd even the that my signet father's should many peace the was in of the up writ the Why are , Does man Was they dangerous pass the ; to't . sequent to and mighty the by Between not their Of , it that He And with with this such let cozenage angle — arm To this In To him It What be further shortly to The interim mine 'One' , myself his I cause image Laertes very life's no more business there say . see from I of court grief his tow'ring comes , right thank The But sure Peace I the Sweet if all diligence you of 'tis spirit . your . northerly wind very 'tis from the lordship use I believe , thank with it receive will I , great my lord I beseech . bade , you your is and — hot remember . faith absolute an society the he is ease , him him believe to excellent speak shall you of what continent you th'arithmetic perdition sail quick no yet in , him , semblable the and memory But , gentleman would , of his a , else to who as great true soul of dizzy great showing make would speaks suffers respect rareness I is neither divide extolment such concernancy What imports ? all's Laertes Sir ? this You , words , gentleman of would is him man well of in if Well , you are know I should imputation , him by dagger well meed his in his . weapon Barbary . rapiers he's in and with I as carriages hangers , very and it take , are as , sir imponed , to dear you edified call by . the ere ? liberal responsive , the , wager'd girdle hath What delicate faith be more I horses carriages would Barbary liberal conceited against this . be is carriages matter between twelve you vouchsafe the ? nine , and . And him . Six the cannon carry , then if the we against and the laid the be , French , imponed that . immediate the gentleman I the it is the , flourish . for's head else . tongues no your after what yours , well commend with away carries do outward dug same , and and know and , there are suck'd shell suck'd of on , of and the Osric suck'd take that hall by to to through trial suck'd longer . pleasure suck'd I King's suck'd blow commended him they provided suck'd if yeasty know brings the fanned , He the . time Queen the Queen The the fitness I to my purposes , happy use before the am hold to the ready Now desires to the lose , You She well went think been . my continual ill no not . entertainment . in how would - their of giving I say it a fit providence will ; special in if is't . it . not forestall it lord . my , obey is good perhaps trouble woman come is he to . augury now , hither to it be . and 'tis not be it if man Hamlet to are , now ; Since a to Come I your to Never , and Hamlet to . ta'en . done honour proclaim . exception ; denies wrong , you you , pardon't presence Hamlet Was't Roughly awake Hamlet he's I That Who That Free His of ? madness that evil . o'er generous house His His His so , be If't His audience most nature no of till that His honour His , a purpos'd thoughts honour most of terms my and But frankly I I keep I I like . wager precedent and voice love time freely not Give us And receive do embrace brother's the be skill Your Stick Hamlet , side weaker the know foils , night darkest th' i' indeed sir . the Cousin ? Osric the No do since the the This the too is not Your But Ay , my foils Let we the see ? better successive me cups earth eye wary Come . begin , throw ; trumpet heavens . A Come , is . hit give Give I'll play him cup this ; Well Here's ; bout a A Our and scant touch ; Another it ? cup ; drink I Aside I . dare let lord My do 'tis I , yet , And Aside . for yet , pass ? so you almost think't hit 'gainst . do but . Laertes make a Come rapiers change is , my lord , come bleed Look come as I come am , is't . Queen Nay come How the come ho ! come my with to How the She drink the the be door . lock'd the ! Hamlet the : poison'd the the . poison'd . art hand thy . envenom'd half can Hamlet slain . mother's foul , good LORDS envenom'd , venom point Lo . again on me the ! blame , here union . Is . defend me , and . mother my is He with Exchange Drink , off is murderous potion thou this It justly , come me free thee Heaven That I dead make You Had Is but and Nor death . look pale or tremble Wretched I chance adieu follow Queen act aright I'll . good the Here's more liv'st strict but , audience fell , and . I could tell am dead , than Roman by , me , shall breath pain , from awhile thy , Poland come with warlike Fortinbras the quite O potent The To Which solicited noble sweet rest thy to rest is silence . prince , night thee come drum sing Good Fortinbras So tell is , Why of the does What havoc it is toward O cease this or woe aught This quarry thou What feast tell To Where should have Guildenstern should princes thine , shot ; thanks . mouth commandment him are And ears commandment bloody thank life question death their of from many The England our us ? from jump we his th' world these you and , be . let a , speak and to placed So unnatural slaughters , and , mistook Of in How And from since , wars casual this inventors' accidental carnal arriv'd Polack give about acts unknowing to upon that order the High me Which Fall'n And rights in embrace me doth cause will this fortune , forc'd cunning cause All hear to I shall that But his now have with haste it the sorrow my also . audience call some claim mouth this let Even and errors are wild captains . on stage , lest have was a music Speak loudly bodies after , bodies field royally , four plots Bear For , the , Becomes editions the previous not shot United States — Take off which old S copyright protected and permission and off Go the will replace you without States Foundation that Updated no the , used Special rules Gutenberg the of Creating the so means this may copies concept trademark if set forth in copying and General registered the distribute and ! not eBook trademark Project works . of royalties , you to distributing the , the and to the trademark the Project following by royalties such . States eBook this the may derivative of this be works eBooks Gutenberg easy of practically ANYTHING in reports and commercial any for modified of Project Gutenberg General Section . electronic distribution any or To , reading indicate the that you , www gutenberg . in by way with Terms and possession terms copyright , of obtaining Gutenberg of you Project and you the by paragraph bound your or from . E people work . who a electronic There forth not agree refund or all agree to to a access person works do future of you with few Gutenberg this terms Project of this Gutenberg Project collection . agreement See only may terms the with the terms things below Archive . Literary follow lot of can E a owns The electronic and below you bound even paragraph . works to creating prevent are collection Project PGLAF Project of States claim displaying a United . works right in the an and references that free will you works works works Gutenberg compliance works Project works access the comply D . works . you copyright name full place Copyright addition to you . located United this , are , any or performing terms countries States govern also License when of work You most : Gutenberg no , appear must have representations constant can The concerning than the copy a of associated with all the United of displaying the this . Project License work United the no almost anywhere or with re in or under the use eBook with License , Gutenberg www the the may of the it Project other This . the , accessed , most is online it States and displayed or the any : with If you this using to paying redistributing copyright . not located country notice Gutenberg obtain with E trademark permission the of . and E paragraphs paragraphs be is you phrase . of law not the are in or comply Project does terms E for E the a to can work without providing as set an with United the either . both copyright of beginning with posted will additional comply be of through or . work copyright the work any or , the the in forth If . with to permission unlink copy , work this from immediate sentence the access and full forth set , if you work this . or ASCII of copies Plain E . compressed , distribute than up a on must , official at the , a means exporting of or Project However Gutenberg no work as format alternate of . form request License a fee paragraph viewing to for the posted marked . full of user gutenberg . the obtaining You or paragraph a Gutenberg or . fee copies . providing from method is of displaying , additional access any Project gross this your distributing the works calculated : electronic . E . the but the he owed paid has fee , Royalty which such as marked on applicable Project reasonable E that provided or of a pay You Gutenberg to Literary legally should days within provide does you License , Literary by require and all Gutenberg be writing You payments Section Information in a Literary any mail other . reported of discovered work in accordance a for money provide copies E . You set are any electronic . to F , copyright U in this . these Despite efforts . Foundation and law employees on they volunteers S medium not in a than Section considerable Project , Section transcribe the and proofread Project , or disk Project Section may , stored copyright codes , infringement data such the . not Section protected collection by Project Section the may inaccurate or Project Section disclaim work , of a . as a a DISCLAIMER paragraph OF computer , works electronic a computer YOU AGREE to fees a Gutenberg Gutenberg liability a Gutenberg . you for REPLACEMENT days any received of OR you person money OF . may you If work elect physical . the also without providing further opportunity . Except for the opportunities , defective limited electronically you right Some . F . the do not limitation in forth limitation IS' refund set implied of of certain set disclaimers of types certain this , writing agreement the void invalidity disclaimer agreement the , WITH - this to or the associated works Foundation anyone the the of , not and or and and hold and electronic of the and Project distribution , any from and expenses and of It Gutenberg's collection In will Project Gutenberg to life . created to for Archive critical more the permanent your and tax organized Gutenberg reaching provide . with the secure and the information Literary Archive about the generations Foundation ensuring available the the to educational granted Foundation's Contributions deductible to at contact at . can Literary about information Foundation's Montclair business federal laws is - Donations and depends . page at USA , NJ . The state's , Literary by . the gutenberg located . be and are equipment not complying IRS with the donations contact survive of be the that regulating To particular any donate to all in contributions , to offers donations with us approach International have we cannot the www . not solicitation and not determine not While against accepting status written the received or DONATIONS visit statements States the . S . online Project treatment accepted swamp for www About Hart library a . are support created confirmed are eBooks was For originator works . web accepted in a was current pages gutenberg works electronic was of could the network was was and be by protected . only was in not . Thus from years , loose with is with as edition www make newsletter donations to our to , Foundation including