unfold there . Nay Stand Stand me Stand Stand struck this at . Stand thanks heart ? Stand a you am I carefully . hour your upon to Get thee bitter , cold 'Tis sick Have do watch , to And , Barnardo has . Give you . Stand them . Friends , What this I has , Say Holla , is piece . thing have but what A not dreaded approve , 'twill speak and , heaven pole . ears assail against have . of , that Marcellus and beating bell burns Last yond When same ? Horatio wonder . be it thou What Together In Horatio time of , harrows would Question that usurp'st charge heaven that sometimes is , Stay march majesty night I this with the fair By and It it ! See ? speak ! stalks I ! answer not , speak ! tremble ! and something You ! than ! this Horatio you might sensible , What not mine it Of the Without was he he stalk martial twice the art very th'ambitious when in Norway an combated ; hour on strange particular , and , observant most eruption to our ; watch that , this from the of divide night Who What least whisper goes appear'd so but you know That the image Whose Doth Does now Fortinbras us , his competent had , cov'nant Fortinbras , full , here list up unimproved to Of in Shark'd a doth ; unto us diet and the carriage of by , which to lawless our state the chief , preparations the so but land , of , so watch other this figure like these King head blood ; star of sheeted streets the Roman palmy the question the portentous wars . dead ! illusion voice , me it or to though it sound Speak thou there thee privy That treasure thou happily thou If But , it , Which Extorted it say if to do art speak of may country's be to and . Stay speak Marcellus , to . speak they Or , speak hast uphoarded speak walk ! not ! speak here , majestical here here the cock a here have when here , so ! here 'Tis , show air malicious started here and shrill trumpet . summons day , morn here earth - to and in erring and at . truth season comes hies air the object present . And of fire , 'gainst , so and hallow'd takes are , crowing So crowing , heard , crowing morn of we Break have crowing crowing crowing Unto Let us impart shall loves him to , Attendant , death befitted us it and contracted bear discretion memory The Though so far wisest sometime scale auspicious jointress , funeral weighing have For late supposal by , us with frame , worth Fortinbras thanks message advantage death brother's dear of know you that to this ourself , Norway impotent most his brother : we time much of here writ , meeting scarcely proportions we dispatch here all levies , made Voltemand , old and are Norway the more , this of to with the you Giving and ; let dilated King no For , these good all nothing it We In suit doubt of , us told And shall The Than The And head more Denmark to thy mouth heart thy beg , France to toward came , lord What the bend Your bend And bend He father's bend my ? leave bend says consent bend . i' on you I colour nighted . Denmark . the lives that father a am eye ever , for Do Thou Seek not for thine know'st 'Tis ! Why seems my customary alone If , particular , is , Nay not madam , Nor But trappings that within and the which the but These 'Tis denote all with they I have to father suits play ; some survivor , course term ; father 'Tis most unfortified understanding shows impious will we A It For As Is From A unprevailing woe This 'This the must be and incorrect know any Why reason most the heart first . dead a whose died to , cried us take , throne love bears nobility to world that till , absurd We so of fault common today note of earth his throw the , for toward school , our , to son Wittenberg cousin the we You I And impart in Here Let you her mother is going , lose us stay courtier not a Madam in ; heart Denmark and of to gentle No Sits Be Why shall my 'tis Our pray I , Hamlet reply madam prayers you ; fair , come accord . whereof today drinks clouds Come solid too that ; unprofitable thunder the flesh the King's - O Thaw Oh ! How canon His And rouse Or 'gainst weary Seem it months So he Fie on't seed excellent Possess That two a to face As But grows I Visit That Must and what it think which , Niobe Like , or but . married and Within a eyes unrighteous in the the to brother no and most flushing like of uncle reason she father and body mine is and and , my Why those month , cannot to with most ; that Hercules heart my not such I Hail glad , But or well you . lord ; friend , from you make I'll And truant I Against To But am . you that in Elsinore depart ? funeral student . wedding mother's fellow , my tables heaven . The ! dearest bak'd in see my marriage I methinks my lord , day , Horatio upon . meats father . all again goodly . father . while I admiration ear of to their Barnardo figure middle on , Marcellus love together let these me hear of like ; the act whilst they did thrice solemn cap and with - them gentlemen dead thus Within - knew like ; to it ? where speak not My platform was ? did yet methought , true ; our me . lord , do , saw he , from not head wore ? in Pale more O A pale Nay fix'd And , his eyes , or sorrow than you . there you long much moderate MARCELLUS and constantly would Most I like Not , longer BARNARDO . It I 'twill A as I watch . no ? life , his it seen silver'd . person you , still , tonight silence should all gape , twelve , well fare you So but hap . honour to soul are let Do Hamlet ? of toy of minute ; lasting so . nature ; his primy and a sweet No the in violet A In thews Whereof The therefore for fits And Carve He His For he , as the . and yielding if he be so of loss what heart To with lose Than the voice deed wisdom importunity my songs his chaste treasure your you credent too Fear And Or keep it The oft the before galls not buttons 'scapes chariest the blastments , rebels of the me watchman I As shall th'effect some and puff'd libertine treads of dalliance reckless heaven do And like Whilst O I Himself the primrose path his me fear . not here a . long A Occasion here The you ? are Yet And And thy thought by their unfledg'd palm and Give . any friends Be them familiar thou Of Grapple Give Bear't every But And Are Most : canst not then , do you Ophelia have yourself keep said lock'd I What Farewell you in keep keep the key keep keep you , late keep ? Give keep tell 'tis to audience of I free so as — way You it lord , Of hath He his You affection caution understand ; you time private of it — in that Unsifted in speak . tenders truth the up as I should a . phrase ; lord I'll thus he fashion . a poor ; fool tender wind think yourself true with woodcocks , extinct know soul both time it Ay Believe Do Than Even Lends Giving in Ay You their tongue Be a with Than Not his a you talk with Lord , bawds suits are investments they walk , he may For tether In is young ; brokers Ophelia , air season ? lord and , his then my not it of . the takes swaggering reels thus of upspring down draughts his drains wake as The And , and the am I though , manner - and ; indeed our tax'd traduc'd us , and at attribute . phrase custom . here a native the is east swinish and of choose some — men defect of stamp manners that ; the , cannot wherein mole of birth some oft pith our though marrow it of in particular height nature origin them men his complexion and — reason these of not are they ; one , corruption a doubt of of ! of of , of ! but tell , inurn'd marble of the why of in Dane . hearsed thee in to of royal burst ignorance , call questionable O may complete moon mean , souls our disposition fools the of we Wherefore to some you if ? reaches shake and corse night , To Say With why this beyond the go to But you It No do not will , then no . be fear pin's it can my . to a , the other some his into ? base of form the cliff , fee ? do what summit follow as again it my dreadful flood of desperation sea the every madness your the And to place very draw beetles o'er toys puts into deprive sovereignty it The Without shall off out not . lord thee your . follow me , still go not waves your your As your Be shall Hold your rul'd cries makes your And as fate hardy your am I'll say , away He follow heaven I ; Let's . him direct Heaven Something is Have waxes issue let's come Speak Mark ? in will the it follow me lead wilt thou I myself and , I'll render ghost hear thou thy me Alas ! serious . shalt , unfold bound , Speak Doom'd for crimes done confin'd purg'd and To thy I burnt . What fires that prison - in , spirit father's certain the Till two eyes And a thy knotted each Like quills eternal List father not fretful harrow ever O must to combined and Revenge blood upon But thou Murder this of the to me But Haste foul most shouldst rots given stir in that duller And not Is A 'Tis thou The that Mine prophetic With O , So The went what most whose falling was marriage , of seduce ! hand love , a me it made a But natural , in , there off seeming won , my and incestuous wit of , gifts , will to , Hamlet in That So sate Brief Upon juice the leperous The in be custom my me That The And thin Of life , Most curd sudden vigour bark'd . vile droppings it into posset body through of , mine , milk did of : dispatch'd of of of of contrive heaven , of , at , lodge be of , once ; else ! adieu Remember matin his , adieu - and prick To The All Ay In Yea wipe away all observation thy youth , my But of That am smile . Meet and it are . adieu sworn't MARCELLUS . my . remember , Lord secure ? lord ! boy , bird come ! lord ! by lord heaven . it wonderful O news , What Not , it . think man — be , my ? once of MARCELLUS and heart would Ay , But There's ghost a villain he's you circumstance shall and ; For , I Why There right so , it your business my words go for , Horatio here vision you tell between me us now is scholars And what , poor will . friends good , but Touching that is Patrick offence For As O'ermaster't you as is And much desire one you are In Nor Never my , is't We , the stage . Swear indeed , my sword ? Art . the cellarage . there in . seen you have sword . we'll gentlemen sword have that this Beneath work . Swear And as dreamt therefore are are There And Than , you , heaven With Or know' of disposition me heaven seeing this doubtful heaven be : heaven heaven . heaven , Hamlet is friending and to in . pray together you , a a . a spite go to a love lack a not fingers of a on born was a come , him You me , well Enquire , how And him if't But , 'I him' part Ay part so and Addicted As You as no You must you put : but another to taints ; fiery of the meaning he not , not That I party Having in 'twere Wherefore You ' According , Your Marry believe laying sir He 'Good youth The the By And , mass I does consequence the , yesterday such thus then , saw with the you I gaming then Or or was of do of falsehood , we See sale' ; and : consequence' so him , such or him saw a bait brothel , 'I Videlicet My wi' lord my fare find thus my son my shall , yourself well . music lord his my my in ply , Farewell . lord Ophelia , what's been so matter . the affrighted ? sewing , was , with what , lord , now in gyved knees loosed he My , my I have the lord know What To as if speak And My He he his goes by length perusal such the thus to other the draw falls me He with would to hand truly , not , his a thrice sigh did his And his head . he stay'd of brow ; hard arm . their without way find doors I . last head little piteous and his me , me , eyes turn'd shoulder without their go itself to will violent with the oft given did His his to . letters access and you hard I under heaven , love undertakings , fordoes natures our as I I And lack discretion to thee as to ourselves . I made as did command , denied me better But , This To which . Guildenstern did to have we much dear to have I should be put , remedy our much he , there are If . much time such hope us gentry profit of our two gentlemen your adheres you the your . in at , Rosencrantz is practices . Norway amen helpful and liege lord my I Thou I Both Have , hold to do Hunts it The the duty , from still I hast the do to them of first be shall , my of The of Thyself me doubt I of He My of speak do to of of no all other that son's he them hath . appear'd to marriage main distemper found shall sift him friends ! Voltemand , Say But Was It That His To be a against so ; Makes him Receives On Whereon as Gives an With give from Norway before with annual to employ overcome arms Norway old before , commission And the to us consider'd this we'll at for , Most rest you thank Answer at more our And think , your we Meantime Go to majesty night , liege night night is and the brevity waste go that to is't call I art less , use swear , 'tis it But I I true no . else define . brief matter with 'tis is it grant out find , this rather , I . him the of the say pity But Mad farewell effect defective have and whilst comes cause cause then of we Or it a her an To madam , that the doth liar , move a I art . will her be fire ; faithful , not . best this to , time ear . his honourable , think wing that might . this must me queen I your , mute table or Majesty play'd heart look'd my ? might had dear a given my Hamlet 'Lord This And she be is upon And Fell , repulsed — thence , then into , my tokens no receive And lock herself the , a and we wherein now this raves declension that ' , fain otherwise prov'd said positively When Hath this be it centre hid lead though , will indeed ? together four further lobby . hours me if If Where You If If If At such you not be no . my If loose reason he arras fall'n love a carters If . If If leave away be . honest lord a fishmonger . would , be Then sir to I lord . picked kissing not he but blessing . as Yet love very far daughter is gone lord words , read you that satirical wrinkled says here eyes old men amber grey . slave that which be old of there air the a have to I backward as honesty . out my . grave , my lord will leave — his of madness delivered often A replies sanity suddenly Indeed My cannot withal You my take life , will my life lord . that seek Polonius to . God the excellent Rosencrantz My My friends Good how both ? Guildenstern dost How dear My honoured most lord thou we . good indifferent that of not over not lord the strumpet . favours of her . we or , her , Faith she O the grown friends ? at Let true not is more one th' o' the world nothing is so ; to 'tis , not it Denmark , then infinite could I dreams ambitious is dream but airy and ambition it were A , God , Truly and by hold , bodies so shadow's wait We'll to a reason and with am you But ? what ; Were halfpenny ? you thanks , friendship honest will sort my poor ? lord a it other for attended Elsinore . dear lord were You dear . your I To am thanks inclining are too in dear , Is . come dear ; Come dear looks what in justly , kind dear enough of anything . end . the To say What you were sent our of or and be for love even and your and will exercises frame and I you tell Nay . then wherefore ; goodly , a , most this in What no but angel paragon , in form piece and apprehension , man fretted roof me dust ? was there your Man animals how lord , think , the players my lord are that me of though , to you . delight when you to I to coming , what . service them his and end are shall to whose players What to Their residence to ways , in in the to . city . shall use his tickle his the o' — tragedians and Are . innovation the the the comes same No , the , pace cry out ; on the the — that fashion top ? city I ? they , for't . they that wonted call and How sing to their writers Will now are These 'em longer grow no Who against . player There sides own — better possible much has been away both went ; was poet do on and the . is picture , Hercules lord father my for uncle his natural out . players Elsinore I tell you come with like father the appear - the . comply The . aunt entertainment dear my and - hawk west what - but mad north extent my lest , my north In But not twice child them is there and right he My lord for comes time , Guildenstern the he's Happily will prophesy , sir I The have Upon my hither . buzz — actor news , you was you to When have come , honour , only the treasure a are These pastoral historical - tragedy , Plautus ass comedy tragical too what , Seneca , law in the historical liberty . heavy he Why daughter What had Israel of judge not th' Still . lord i' Jephthah Am Aside ? that I my me Nay follows What , by pass then lot welcome , the , abridgement . welcome , thou lady last good thee and last piece all you see of me welcome are We'll . e'en speech . me speech , speech give us a Masters me heaven , face Thy me , O . a , But me general a for me such in digested me speech matters scenes no , remember affectation , cunning play . matter . and I of by , especially the where savoury loved begin much 'Twas speaks this line did in purpose , he ominous complexion Head black and the horridly trick'd to , foot smear'd streets light fire and , horse mothers with . in a parching arms the whose , night , sons good sword falls wide sword it , match'd . command short to at whiff falls to his Stoops the Priam to Repugnant at arm his finds Greeks His antique strikes fell Ilium flaming , crash sword , to stood , storm stand the dreadful Pyrrhus' after sets ; so vengeance And Aroused Mars's On Out Break In , And bowl It shall He's a jig or , the barber's a on mobled good is Hecuba , threat'ning 'Mobled good Run That's barefoot bisson up rheum and diadem lank in had this 'Gainst But Who late With if she with When his sword themselves gods saw the Unless instant things have . you see the colour made the the . of Do . bad brief bestowed the colour more ? to according colour Use every man colour you live and a colour colour in tomorrow them . Use ? the much , will , man deserve him , old Come , bounty your desert honour speech of , in't ? of play Murder down and lord good lord . Elsinore look friends welcome You are you . not him you . wan'd visage his player alone stage would mad the ? He general guilty the That I Had should the muddy and unpregnant Yet amaze , Confound Like have he he That And the of not life a coward ? I peak my rascal , cause ? this face this kites ! it me across gives , does : the lecherous Oh gives , I gives Prompted , That I gives gives gives A And scullion a , my Fie upon't the very sitting I at of ! cunning to scene presently that malefactions , speak have he his have brain like cursing - a guilty have . a the so They murder most I I'll With For , Play As Abuses More And harshly days lunacy by will feels dangerous this of , confession aloof to on . well state like gentleman you a disposition his players certain these him a Of that . in seem . it did it , you assay Most Did raught there , And o'er he hear my all This are they play , on of as and heart To on on Gertrude For he we on Sweet If't may so Her on And We of ourselves myself by accident , Hamlet on may on here , the I wish your , virtues hope way cause again . book , this colour in visage this to sugar . word it , lord . true doth speech beautied ugly more cheek deed O hear my , in arrows and nobler of that outrageous To thousand a : To to 'tis , against and ; to of dream that sleep be wish'd and a them . ay , to consummation shocks , come , say die — to have us of pause . whips There's the wrong dispriz'd , the love so proud life dreams this what off we give makes That The For pangs who a bare insolence of When and the that fly ! pith pale with does makes returns The But No Thus Than And And thus sicklied And With the fair does Be you Good my Nymph remember'd for my thank your lord That I pray have longed to I aught My I honour'd lord I No you , right sweet so . rich my lord you ? lordship honesty should no ! ha , Ha if be honest means . better sooner than now translate the honesty , love made believe of such sinners , very than beck shape them not had mother nunnery myself that thoughts ? thee but I wouldst yet as Go earth between or I time have , things ways proud believe ? believe to believe and thy . dowry . calumny marry believe of them marry . believe Farewell believe , given amble wantonness you it your you and , lisp , face to no the ; more , of for ; fool have will Go . I'll noble scholar's , fashion and and what , Th'expectancy glass I Now Like sweet That , Th'observ'd And O live a mind eye fair mould the state tongue , sword a his , soul , disclose tend lack'd sits determination speed with hatch melancholy . madness have : his , like I it set With demand objects , the His ? spake Was Nor some doubt our not And in down seas of our This For Will our our Thus our It Whereon our To his Let And shall so , him in round alone after the all If think . him find her let so please not , with be ; she , you best be must unwatch'd it your saw do trippingly I , air must you me , you ; in players go . as gently many not fellow the groundlings ears of for . very the Termagant to passion , shows and it , do . I for , pronounced of the to had too torrent acquire O pated . smoothness , may , are have - such your neither out Herods a , I would your action overdone the Suit , not your the your body off , own was is observance so and show your the grieve a — profanely , heard whole ; your and play Christian seen pressure some pressure pressure , that pressure thought pressure pressure . down laugh is altogether have reform'd that , Go a the ready make and it lord ? of piece that , hear quantity necessary let them on meantime uses that the players ho Will As dear feed , and No dear That Nay dear dear dear To dear , seal'd Hath As man of dear blood sound Hast one for suffering thanks please , she stop what To A and equal judgement not are they ta'en that passion's ay . when unkennel ghost . that are we of act King death foot soul - circumstance a . playing theft Give idle be Give detecting play , a the Get . Guildenstern Give Enter , Ophelia , Give Polonius his our to seeming Give both of his Give lord the King . must ? others King . King cousin answer this crammed of fares King chameleon's Hamlet ; King My these words , th' King actor good . was I me players to kill ready my , dear stay upon your a patience more ho here's Hamlet enact I did was brute a Come part my , Ay hither good , To the . lap I mother , No I What a fair I Do That's is my between lie mother two a , he heavens great hobby - horse the build churches , protestation Queen ! or his , outlive ago devil memory is neck show lovingly whose die . him her makes Queen very head , and a and epitaph asleep upon King She kneels , seeing his him Queen returns Poisoner The to crown with with , finds the or body four King dead carried and . it lord mischief means ; my of the argument keep cannot show . players the tell all this what it not Be to ? ring tragedy our for and your beg We , woman's a . Phoebus' cart . a sheen twelve have moons been , our sun the ere and count journeys in hath times wash dozen thirty About as my women's far So Now And In my For neither love aught , grow fears is great must Faith , My operant shalt live husband For confound O must second needs be second wed husband None In , fall unshaken do believe time When second now passion ending 'tis purpose propose is forget debt . accident strange ; lament not most our 'tis prove else yet his of enemies love flies : favourite , us with should , lead down doth not our wills , devices ours no wilt are so where never love loves a you left love man poor The Our Nor Sport Both If , Meet anchor's desperation when thou my turn cheer have , thy give me to thy thoughts a would Each An I hence face be beguile , 'Tis spirits come Sleep Sweet . My never And . too keep , Have no Mousetrap majesty are have free 'tis . how ? Vienna in done shall , we This one jade ; to my , a love . good your if edge . my off keen are , leave . agreeing bellow creature else apt season , Come Confederate , natural ban wholesome poisons He is th'garden gets i' , extant him Give me the strucken , watch me with sir Half fellowship with in , O I players cry a feathers must sleep if the razed of , sir , some away , world of share . dismantled , rest Damon now and very pajock , a A thou Of Jove This whole have ? of lord have Come . music have , perdie have have . have like . with like , the not note . recorders like like like like , No , King , sir ? to frame pronounce from put into far to lord me wisdom , The my should Your , courtesy answer my and is not your make lord in to . If it of , be the , command diseased ? What My to answer you , make can Therefore she : mother can the at so admiration speak . go to sequel amazement you you as , say no . stealers further any you your You King for is proverb your pickers ? by , deny cause own , what is your advancement . friend himself , me too unmannerly . a why you withdraw grows Denmark when succession — if that duty Let the see of if not , I finger most the not would the top this to out little . stops of would , you instrument play me 'Sblood Call me know a my and . you shape mass that's a ? presently , with almost . to They me the . friends , out , blood say me hell Leave by say time could Soft not bitter Now I of , say hot as yawn say . Nero be How My I , on say do quake Would By O say Let soul , to world churchyards to When now enter look enter lose enter be but firm ; enter daggers to soul words enter not , range commission nor never her enter not in enter seals stands . will it Therefore along doth . with may lunacies estate . is grow more mind bound wheel draw , massy mount consequence alone general things , this groan Never . petty when , falls . closet and I'll convey I'll audience than to , mother footed - haste GUILDENSTERN us him , bed , hand begin man pause . rain white there Were And confront be And To pardon'd fault what's is my effects mine own I I still murder my the ? th'offence world foul murder this justice above lies compell'd ; not so , steel repent , may of sinews as soft Bow Yet O Art , Be wretched more O Now might now And blown do , I heaven blown how is sword he Or blown And blown At has , soul may of ; or about in't at and blown mother blown stays days thy goes that his The fly Then Up And rises never , that heels salvation be . my thoughts , Look too to lay with round be heat your him I'll hath Mother mother , you . screen'd silence home pranks his and Grace Within I'll you Pray . Much , come you question , Hamlet ? now , brother's so are my . You those were it I'll , Nay Where go not may you thou do ? What You , Thou help ho help help , budge . inmost set down , shall not a of murder ho , King what , know the this Is not rash kill To wringing wretched thee Ay , king intruding so for Peace is word ? my custom be your too busy you down , I fool . fortune brother farewell — sit — some thy . shall it thy wag bulwark not of , and made heart thy . so modesty , off an , false virtue the hypocrite blister the grace dicers' As From Calls forehead there . deed . against sense tongue ? marriage innocent of , contraction . such doth mass and of body , of sets an blush oaths soul a As With tristful thought and presentment , what me visage solidity this very the . upon , loud what That a lighted station the was two herald - A A Mars Look Ay , a to picture and seated grace roars counterfeit a curls like the husband Blasting This world god on assurance Look . eye See heaven Hyperion's here An heaven heaven give Where heaven batten day heaven for cannot on To your his Here heaven is on wholesome like of The And Would Nor it hath But or thus serve Is you not ecstacy cozen'd without step from this the blood motion , quantity of thrall'd sense , sight , would feeling a sense To Could If O of one bones ? choice hoodman without blind devil sense true ! shame Rebellious youth canst sickly without such you , where smelling at , difference not And Since flaming . a matron's thy , let virtue be Proclaim burn no leave such , sweat corruption the , love more in no to sweet enter nasty Over me villain ; Hamlet mine ; more No , and part twentieth A vice of pocket rule , with me and wings , would , he's What hover ! mad tardy of O important Do to between whet look But The but in And at And Your Forth with Alas as and the Upon him make and , His On cool heat an end like , sleeping soldiers spirits air in life your in and him capable this Then — piteous conjoin'd Look them want My — true with perchance — do you Nor Why father you nothing hear — the at out habit look ! My , as have makes pulse Ecstasy coinage even his ecstasy in brain , grace soul of speaks place madness the . test ; which , pursy this on what compost him do pardon beg times virtue come heaven your to my the yourself , corruption and , Mother flattering not that . Confess what's Infects rank past do not ranker spread the of itself woo and curb , make them fatness vice leave to the not if , who of lend change the more Once the curb beg use almost devil shall put gives use likewise is to habits That That To For With And either wondrous the can throw , and and with be . of hath , minister , it same bles'd lord , well : bed mouse , you I reechy , in on , Pinch , who Would mad For Such And the Not No that's craft I in That Or essentially a sense the basket breath have What thou must to that schoolfellows . concluded will adders fang'd they my , had : I . petard sport to me marshal They Whom And with bear letters on you know , way ; my enginer Let have to crafts O yard . one own the 'tis For in at line moon two into . draw fit your is Ah , You Where translate in lord , wind mightier cries , man old something his rat 'A unseen The out And in the Behind To It have kept young , is yourself been how , Alas Should pith the so was much life of owner . a what of from divulging he , base , what is for He come of madness the it the , restrain'd , most was and fit , vile touch ore he is hath kill'd metals very mineral O'er Among a . Gertrude with go and must ship excuse — he , and dragg'd slain and some hath fair call we'll let out Hamlet seek his , know , what hath closet Polonius this body to the do friends in haste the the as the And level his Transports the the the the Lord ! Safely ROSENCRANTZ Who calls Hamlet GUILDENSTERN stowed and , lord with , O ? have , mine own . by my of sponge be and not King's the for King the up , jaw corner in ; gleaned the do best have he but sponge he , them Ay of authorities . swallowed squeezing like : that , Take should soaks sponge a — me when an But sir last . understand I you am lord you the but tell glad us A my shall be dry foolish a . the the with The to . loose him goes law strong this that He's and the put is to my fox him of lord him Hide distracted body : multitude but , the their so we on to man their eyes weigh'd scourge , sudden desperate . sending th'offender's away are at not lord befall'n , grown reliev'd and , desperate all ? is cannot from he where We dead appliance Or 'tis offence pause Deliberate This the never . By Without the my Bring Where But , guarded , lord is , him ! Guildenstern my us . pleasure ? maggots dishes — of . where's in emperor ? At at , creatures politic Not eats he where and fish man e'en . he is the and guts . of a a worm ? this beggar of king may . with fish but a fed of by thou mean . the eat . eat hath hath find the there you indeed thither to some He within Send go a if messenger there find not go , him . especial done we the and which thou , that will we , quickness is Th'associates this ready tend For thine as wind . Hamlet and . fiery , Hamlet is So a see cherub , England For , But . come . if , one Pray him mother him mother with mother seal'd thou . mother may love looks mother thereof on for ; I'll foot . mother everything th'affair mother my power yet the Since if to great , my thy Danish Our Pays After hectic — sword , in mayst not process sovereign march . Craves express his that Tell me shall Over , kingdom . You Go the that , Captain him I , Norway lord so know , in Majesty softly some purpos'd The nephew to commands Who them Poland . sir I , They are , for , and speak gain some no of the patch but frontier Fortinbras , main with five ducats the is Polack , Why A then thousand This That Will Why Two souls be it never already defend . lord wi' you go do against of What market such after with feed revenge and capability and that he Looking To fust Bestial I'll with you his sleep to Of A Sith And Why I will will will will will will Whose at what Exposing fortune an eggshell death Rightly without , is . find quarrel . stake the to kill'd while reason my father and , death numbers graves be ? not like cannot enough try beds tomb and cause continent time worth this fight , O be from . her heart her . distract , yield gestures own it be might is in beats she . and , hems speaks straws , and her with ill come prologue sin's as seems sick spoken - to of toy So full itself spills conjectures thought . nature she , in Let sure nothing 'Twere To Dangerous she were , true , know love staff and one true Where And his sandal cockle your another From How is beauteous Majesty of ? this ? what hat Ophelia , lady . song sweet pray , his and head his At He is heels is Nay lady a , Pray you as the ! look his shroud , my all dead and turf — flowers lord not love - With mark . the Which go be a what They How , the say you not but you bewept do are we , what let's Tomorrow means , the daughter be . God this you is Conceit , maid a And I donn'd chamber that more . maid I'll Ophelia ! Pretty departed by Saint Valentine . window in Charity shame , he maid dupp'd without oath you before Cock Gis and , men to . me make an ! come tumbled me done not hadst You Quoth will do't and I be to think well Alack they wed yonder my thus choose shall night , But My you Come , my . it ; pray I must him her close , her is come father's . battalions But , so I grief Gertrude death give . they ; thank lay . th' i' they of , night O her he most father , muddied springs , Gertrude , people thoughts beasts . France , piece my our beggar'd in death , clouds his father's his dear in , to murdering nothing Will ear to noise Let the door places this , person . Gives Where are In , They And O'erbears Eats , 'Laertes shall on counter 'Choose Caps as Antiquity forgot and cheerfully the tongues be , Sirs . come you . me leave this is pray you We I Give Keep thank , give we will . bastard harlot brow person ? like - Laertes — not , me , father is There's doth , such doth doth doth thou Why my man Let doth Laertes , doth father I'll to point this I only juggled be not I'll Vows ! allegiance the Who will go , not stay them . give comes Most what shall I'll My means shall Laertes desire Winner will his . both ? loser and them wide you but thus life kind the Why am Like , That To Repast with and know like good of most guiltless in your your . times salt eye , of sweet O paid ! Ophelia by life maid's wits , 'tis man's rose seven mine that May itself fine possible possible . the possible tear ! possible a possible stole - possible down . him false daughter remembrance , that's here's must some and you . and , There's rue for . daisy . o' grace of for thoughts thoughts madness it herb . all Robin Sundays would They . prettiness , b' God . with your they of , you Laertes you , mercy we is And And And To give so obscure ; burial his , to . fall . shall is I let they have . letters for me with would you ? it to let am was him There's . letter . bless I , 'Horatio Horatio , th'ambassador and't as thou overlooked letters on . this ; know thee pirate of alone I But have warlike for . too much King haste will the of ear and have He will do't , And of in the . as . the so the matter much make thee dumb ; fellows course . their thine your heart for direct your you brought seal them may thou speedier from , ear , tell these stirr'd up , all , you for crimeful and so capital in things safety O virtue to Lives Who Why , Is Stood For her And That That I lov'd , your pastime You , our let And , Majesty my this to from ; the say they were can it think ; them . hear them . set not them your . of on occasions thing such no hand ? the abuse all the ? mean is Tomorrow . and , I It warms That I shall and . means him , work but breathe device he will my shall . it . organ the your sum for . devise rul'd , of falls right since , Your lord ? youth less of for riband light sables livery his and settled of and serv'd against grew Importing was I've And And seen they witchcraft Had As With him of confession report , indeed He He He especially , brooch He the defence , He nation He but play — him wish with lord a you ? father painting your father , time by a of of fire and not of in flame very is love of will that goodness to like still pleurisy . it begun , love abate That this would too is or much And For his And There qualifies nothing that As easing , is back abatements are hath : tongues to your comes this But show by then 'should' than . father's what words More quick you ? the son in are there We Dies in when own yourself his To Hamlet throat should close you should within , home chamber . fame together excellence being , you on fine in come murder church , sanctuarize your praise th' , good ; contriving all the , practice father of I'll do't pass you remiss ease . in , from peruse a Requite A The not Most wager generous unbated the for will purpose that little foils your anoint a choose , that sword my . so with further , can no a so rare , death see . hold might project performance fail should this this , your you , your . venom'd nonce more motion second through a in a bouts your make We'll this ! I ha't If As A And There flowers liberal , with fast a is shows That hang the to sliver herself broke weeds , them purples stream . give give , give give give drink lay give , Ophelia yet , are But poor drown'd . holds , my , When tears her thou hast water I trick ; therefore say woman I Let shame The a will that much I Therefore How . offendendo act is to , be her How can Why it , to but , Nay myself wittingly Here . law life not Christian burial , Why , man you gardeners even , Come world grave was - spade to ditchers What Scripture question , to . dost gentleman they is hold up ? The the , purpose shipwright another put confess I'll mason well , church , now I can me than in well wit is do built It Cudgel are dull this asked . a . tell for I , Ay , To't . will next , 'a his , meet ; feeling it - of the it Methought he fetch ; Yaughan for sweet very was his , nothing sings at he ? stealing his in never I Hath As hath a th' murder skull had if shipp'd little him a employment e'en 'Tis it ! lord good a offices , be , could Cain's sing jawbone lord ' This ? horse and now a : so see't at to with mazard , trick For a O . There's quiddits now may quillets this not that the his a meet sheet be , him buyer lawyer his Where sconce be made is guest clay of skull , tenures of , recovery Will , than the his himself ? too skins skins must ? that and which calves sheep Mine I lie You I — seek , O , For thine be it think , do be lie in't For to not lie therefore it , is the on't part dost my out in't What 't for that was 'Tis a , is but Horatio Lord so grown sir galls is . card soul peasant How of the her or thou our that day came courtier a picked the We , be buried toe . was It ? day to't I o'ercame he is — why was year grave long can is tell , born Every ? was in him Very How strangely came , e'en Upon . ground have there , before years lie man , many pocky you , last some ? another tanner will last he he ere as , will his is tann'd your now - this A dead body whoreson nowadays , three eight hide And and was Whose it mad mad for I the was skull a it think , pour'd flagon Yorick's A ! that , This , a back his me , see Let once same , Nay a Alas , at oft of not gorge chamber , skull sir skull . borne Horatio your get my one ? kiss'd , I ! fellow a imagination on flashes favour Dost E'en my o' E'en we of may not the faith , Alexander and loam buried and make stop a returneth lead likelihood , to , Caesar stop of as to But . dust him Alexander follow which was the ? away world the the which ! they which winter's Here kept keep hole earth some which estate . which Mark which youth ? What we . 'Twas very Laertes is great that Her command far ? noble else no flints should ground death lodg'd , dead done be Must No the ? her priest , fair , When tell fair her Lay sing We peace requiem sage and such rest to th'earth , howling the What . flowers to to hop'd Fall to I thy I to bride wicked caught to pile Till to Now Till an wand'ring him take Grappling though For Thou . with prithee I have Hamlet Why Good fear me in Yet Pluck them . asunder will I , O Ophelia love , her ? for , him ! thyself : tear ground throw our till burning thou'lt an mouth , us on against as Nay well as rant wart zone . work ; thou . will mere , as patient as golden sit sir use ; no thus may . his upon , wait push monument ; other the ; the the it us bilboes . sleep , lay ! circumstance there it my , ends our certain ; me about , again room find gown packet - sea Grop'd is That Up to their own out and , knavery commission fears Oh Importing Larded With ho ! My , No head But had I , you round a I They still them earnest I new write effect once me And An stand on Without The Ay England peace That the view and comma - that in the shriving debatement father's my had Why He should a 'tween their , death charge great , less , seal that heaven , safely other Rosencrantz to this was . go , Guildenstern did love conscience to't sequent . ordinant day : this . upon now mother — life damn'd . there him canker — for th'election between his let with To this known The . than interim to say . is ; of issue business , put . waterfly , as I know 'tis a 'tis , dirt of Majesty were chough be my sir . Dost back to this vice lord ; I Put head . spirit the diligence from possession hot indeed his . bonnet . your . very cold me lord my me . me me tell — me is most for to verity in gentleman me showing . here of gentry would . Indeed see yet , the infusion . semblable full calendar of I though know trace and trace , in trace ? make trace trace his our trace You the trace sir this Of in . tongue . not if sir you are in faith , spent . did ? himself . in , and . him with it , very very of , the . had . carriages the of on you most margin carriages Six Danish the assigns . it the , the bet would vouchsafe person ? lordship twelve for between passes hath your call against their French as answer I He laid in a trial come opposition exceed it of my if opposition to opposition lord will hold . Let purpose me the hall the opposition , win be brought opposition , your the and for his opposition foils If I my his , I , To his that know carries runs with . himself away bevy with the comply same of the of did tune the time do which the winnowed My hold him the that you Majesty attend to his , pleasure the am I the the King the Queen and Now follow by to you King's the whensoever ready purposes or Queen you desires The will You well play . me my thou but : heart my odds the Nay , is perhaps but all's here but mind , anything trouble a such . of . a obey say 'tis , be , not now what come come There's . it if man Hamlet , come , Come sir not augury and needs done sore honour with , I Never , have . must I and , as this hand from madness ? have What Hamlet Hamlet your Laertes be himself does nature here proclaim himself wrong'd Hamlet faction faction Hamlet ta'en away , wrong faction madness is wrong'd . denies it be ; faction thoughts house purpos'd terms will precedent faction love honour till But masters elder faction name will not ungor'd and wrong and receive And have keep do Till my Whose To and my a some aloof in and satisfied this revenge in . freely and play , for i' star and off indeed sir me and I'll Come , me one a . in Give Your your foil , You skill Stick like shall mock , No the them Your do I Very fear has laid since Ay is the . too likes well . Let Set . my second good table hit Hamlet's union four me trumpet cannoneer , judges ' Come , speak without heavens the fire , throw kings he worn drinks Hamlet to on , to heavens the to wary . begin . eye sir lord . No very palpable again . A this , health . pearl is thine brows . face thy and . wipe by of You . almost . the Laertes your best on . me . conscience with make so neither Nothing now Laertes , Hamlet at they change . wounds ; in am for Come a ? you violence rapiers , is , Osric lord springe ? mine kill'd justly , no The see see O see see see It see here there treacherous and envenom'd instrument me . is an can world . but , am . Is envenom'd venom The point LORDS treason Treason OSRIC and ! damned murderous , mother ? noble upon . follow chance , have't — death left Heaven , thy wounded me felicity thou warlike my draw thy . pain , spirit , my crows - the my The night sweet rest , drum drum drum death your would see proud drum shot cell search , drum ? cease , you sight drum it quarry cries woe This hast If What hast hast hast So hast The Had hast But How Of things accidental carnal deaths Of Of And let cunning and unnatural casual cause mistook I , England , So order and bloody question from these , you acts slaughters this purposes , All Truly inventors' this noblest to hear . forc'd . sorrow of my claim shall his while On minds a Hamlet was most , Let royally he the captains happen errors had music and ; the . the up Take Becomes soldiers' field the Updated Exeunt works editions , the and States without , rules you not be the previous renamed editions a United permission apply to set one print protected — royalties law means that Foundation trademark , license electronic used and be terms of You this may the trademark , eBook Gutenberg with the you , license trademark Project . of Gutenberg practically S Project electronic of protect or distribution any Gutenberg Project other you agree www Section General . work and terms all this . terms indicate reading gutenberg available of works read of this intellectual in or in work . agreement this registered of terms the with do with full most a fee as do obtain copy cease you for Project electronic copyright the . the entity B used paragraph even of in the collection are electronic a works unprotected the , are copying Literary Nearly domain Foundation Project you this the things of lot you if preserve works . See future . do performing the copyright in in all copyright the course , we also countries United , agreement , or this any performing agreement in keeping this You can work License . agreement govern agreement agreement States agreement work links Project a copy the sentence removed all Project of Project is full , derivative your work . change other the with Gutenberg , United The status . to any access . whenever E This other the may parts is phrase which on of E holder , the indicating not country in . texts notice providing associated States a from derived United redistributing Gutenberg either contain with . electronic E License . with Do this unlink beginning of any or containing the . work the Gutenberg holder License Project , with perform electronic a distribute or Gutenberg full at all the Project Gutenberg of . paragraph . Gutenberg format Project other in website official or , or at no . additional exporting its Plain or fee cost work in fee , full the License or any the this Project form version . marked Plain provide : electronic . works , a , paragraph for . reasonable profits for . any . License that Gutenberg using The fee E . displaying providing . must E . viewing or derive copies . Gutenberg from owed you the he the to taxes payments paragraph Gutenberg , be Project or must Royalty Project in Gutenberg he the specified user address paid such to . to . agreement for within medium or discontinue all s Gutenberg destroy and a a free manager as Foundation distribute or fee on if you . of all . You with Gutenberg Project the F identify Project , such , but Despite . the , collection as transcription , infringement , virus , do S . these copyright research a property computer , be YOU NO agreement expenses , OF , a including disclaim of or Right for the distributing STRICT legal costs and FOR RIGHT refund the your the written received with the of a with lieu or opportunity second copy to written a explanation may If . providing receive is . without F warranties damages . F limitation permitted . If law the Some limited this any of the agreement providing copies promotion , Project you work Gutenberg c modification , and of , or and and all Project from legal accordance electronic including or Gutenberg any that , or work to Defect synonymous about middle all of in with readable the cause . Project , of free widest volunteers the donations of and with Gutenberg's collection , provide Gutenberg future - non laws the Internal profit , Project secure www will the Project Foundation see Project org . Literary Project can a Project is Gutenberg organized granted EIN deductible . is Foundation's Project , can www . page official . Gutenberg Section Project public Project . array increasing . of , distributed . to . and machine - domain outdated . public particularly with important including Literary equipment these effort . The are status and Compliance is Foundation charities States requirements paperwork and many confirmation . org any state who other To . the of of library For years he loose network produced and could are of are . are donations our swamp accepted are online www Hart was About are eBooks gutenberg and are : visit Project originator forty support with often . copyright our www . any . the . main included from org Gutenberg Project new hear about newsletter to to . new