, Nay me Long live the ? answer Stand ? and unfold Stand King ! Stand Stand Stand You Stand now For thanks . guard night meet Friends . Stand , Marcellus stirring rivals . ho ? you night - reliev'd . you . hath place farewell has Holla Barnardo What ? thing good , nothing of let have entreated twice , night , this him watch of come hold him again seen Touching us He once your fortified Sit , awhile again 'twill not our . nights assail appear , have it speak . ears , story seen of this pole all night from , us so Well us Had yond let it That made Where Peace same that's burns bell off , When of star break the like , it speak Mark it that's It ; same Looks It , night warlike Denmark form . fear , and , away thee speak it stalks heaven , majesty the buried ! offended . charge not tremble and look ! more think Horatio than ! will I and something What not Such was As like ice , th'ambitious he frown'd Of thyself avouch . Is the when the twice Norway he that ; sore week sweaty task haste inform , toward of impress might Does such this toils mart not make is't night the At Thereto prick'd as , Whose the that can - Sunday divide What whisper a which valiant a esteem'd heraldry all moiety ; seiz'd , which to those his conqueror , as the , article by , our of , to in't and diet list a mettle lawless which is some appear food For hath As the The father well recover of this main his in Of to And he Had His carriage doth Well watch Of watch That Comes watch and watch of - armed through it may watch stood gibber fire watch streets of watch Upon Was watch As Disasters the to and the together . soft ! But , I'll And That Speak they say treasure , happily , thou art if For Do For And our is offer started The cock with of the ; is a And , was fearful , like , trumpet to and and . say It faded on our of , no 'gainst and in To Some , So nights So I o'er No Unto As you dumb ; for upon my tonight . it hill , eastward mantle high yon morn have Walks Break look But we , young dew in up what we to shall , have and we duty , life , Hamlet consent do't Where be dear whole death morning this most him , I find and , pray we shall Voltemand , hearts , Hamlet The Yet be Though To bear Cornelius of in one remembrance sometime , funeral , and one a ourselves brow jointress Th'imperial Together with our with dropping defeated our . him queen , with think of sister auspicious scale . you follows better one With as ; weighing in equal and , dear brother's his , our all our advantage out of herein dole marriage thanks in eye state to Taken mirth Now fail'd father his by wife , of all . business ourself the brother for this dream disjoint be Colleagued Of bed nephew's of in rid we , is not to this late pester : purpose young those bonds of levies to have for of with time - his lists good Giving of full no further to herein and his of , Cornelius the this you to For You The the , further , gait bearers business Out Farewell In that And lose That , all suit some Laertes nothing of . be cannot us now told You Dane thou to thou Denmark Laertes though leave in my From the The Your now What is more head whence show I your to must and wouldst bend gracious leave duty France your them willingly confess , to duty laboursome Upon I thoughts Yet fair thy And do his I Laertes spend give more cousin , kin than it , Hamlet clouds that my beseech graces , Good , for Hamlet And am thy , colour lord Thou is . Aside let Seek know'st Ay madam not 'Tis alone , inky Nay it customary it , particular my Nor suspiration the nor dejected , If common , it madam of the shows , haviour fruitful solemn breath of ; seem grief seems . forc'd of of cloak ; black , not mother good , river suits the In know , and which man might play . your nature duties filial you 'Tis and that a . forms all the Nor For father , lost his , lost , truly suits actions have trappings the , a some grief heaven and incorrect ; and But 'Tis . and thing condolement An we the ? to A death against we most heart what As For will is for , sorrow obligation stubbornness a should heart reason fathers 'This be This Why most of the Is Take any impious fault it Than impart no immediate to . less the unprevailing so first corse woe let think of of today cried , to you comfort prayers not mother the we is retrograde school dearest toward in and , lose courtier And with father For our cousin go you ; us with thy pray Let I in Denmark Madam fair come reply madam . and my obey stay cheer beseech back to and , in And It But great my gentle thunder heaven the earthly . Re the the jocund to loving of in . whereof tell bruit drinks today again , a heart ; clouds too resolve solid had not would itself O God ! a into the and canon And - to the shall . melt , away speaking , that self Seem His that Thaw weary merely — it uses the That . on't to 'gainst to her flat , O unprofitable gross and of this and come was to the beteem ? As Fie grows it nay not to , my — of , father's Frailty or followed . wants beast brother Would Like My mourn'd to father's of . shoes thy would mother woman were , she on hang grown him ! earth a , mine like name body she even more month unrighteous galled in salt Hercules speed wicked most incestuous Within no that married tears , to to longer tears all , With I Ere With O yet left But , It I , glad see . ever lord do , such . O most her sheets . tongue good ! my name with you to Hail well myself : you or I'll The make you change I what what Marcellus ? Wittenberg . sir even Wittenberg , lord ; violence you you not it , to A in But , Nor yourself But you what . your to came , mother's , know I We'll prithee think , Indeed my , follow'd bak'd , upon funeral marriage the ! your ere are Elsinore no truant funeral - it Horatio I , thrift Would Or My Thrift Did coldly furnish had that my seen methinks my , my In mind's ; was , I ? eye king all . Horatio for . in . again lord Where once take upon I father him like all for my The Season My , saw . while deliver your think I , My lord the , King your This marvel admiration King gentlemen . you till may to Barnardo of these I ear witness the on of pie the , their your - like march , night , father good me , watch him act whilst they , distill'd and made I not we yet I lord it none , to once ; did Itself It motion to up made platform ? watch . watch but . me . duty away loud , sight in troubles you . Both MARCELLUS , Arm'd BARNARDO the do Arm'd And indeed We To , tonight . say From not face his up his wore in Pale A , or ? beaver ? upon pale . Nay very eyes constantly Most would I very had much like amaz'd very with very Very have haste . very . longer hundred very you ? very long you been While I beard when . person itself you should , gape all ; sight , well ye twelve honour . farewell All not is were foul would deeds the , rise you . night men's come ; sleep not you that you me hear do give all the For , sister My And , youth Hold youth Forward In youth it ; bulk youth perfume and more ? so but more the youth . waxes soul besmirch youth own : not you cautel he but crescent of a suppliance The youth For thews youth His nature of as not alone nor but Think nor inward The nor nor He for saying he your the therefore must himself Unto nor And voice wisdom ; honour you your Denmark act and open sustain nor list which says he it songs , so of be circumscrib'd body believe you so ; sister . so my ear so shot her prodigal is beauty not calumnious the strokes danger of , so to is goes so . deed your lose If And If with To rear and Ophelia The Out you the keep Virtue itself The itself the before and are safety though th'effect my as steep a ungracious good thorny primrose this to wary Contagious , morn Too oft in liquid imminent fear good do smiles long too I As not the like Whilst stay Himself me the , fear his puff'd And Yet you The A double sits are here thou Be hast , Give precepts There my . the ? a a , you , comrade hoops adoption ; entertainment ; but fancy habit hatch'd - to that th'opposed as the in the not every each Costly But Neither a most they thy man , of few man's may thy France and proclaims ; apparel express'd And Are select of oft thine quarrel For must : And Thou canst Farewell Most above loses dulls all loan borrower both the to borrowing it a , season take blessing go this to the man thee . tend . any as thine then be The you yourself in Farewell . you said ? hath he to you it . key lock'd of to Hamlet late . of very bethought touching , he you caution way time been as understand not so audience to something Lord . you circumstance a many tenders call like to late made . perilous such , lord , his tenders you teach know ! Of my you my do it As Which — you That are Marry not not sterling crack , it wind these ; have of yourself think as ; dearly me tender . I true me fool . think should ta'en — hath given lord , Running to , Lends When , he honourable importun'd may you In My Ay Ay the springes tongue promise to parley . fire it , than not entreatments him vows for few , brokers , investments and implorators of better But . unholy In of your young walk suits is terms plain this forth : Hamlet ; may he Lord bawds for leisure Lord your ; any from Hamlet . time it an charge my shrewdly a The obey to't Look . air is shall I ; nipping eager very air It hour it spirit does wont struck It season my wake is the trumpet pledge rouse ; thus of swaggering tonight , The doth the draughts of drains he and his ; custom and takes Rhenish triumph the in Ay , heavy clepe From Makes More my And honour'd us our drunkards and born , it than the is with east and west at perform'd our nature are origin , in for So our oft some addition marrow vicious us , and indeed particular his ; of and too that complexion cannot the habit , else in the as , corruption fault be . that Shall Carrying , plausive their Since By say From the general — Nature's Being Or Oft infinite all , censure Look my noble take a scandal The undergo or own they man pure as doubt dram may Doth To airs with and Angels a Thou will burst not father , health defend damn'd from call why quietly saw their thy royal in , we Bring I Let That To , hideous night up ponderous again and shake reaches Wherefore horridly Have Wherein Hath Making why , With That thou glimpses of disposition our it with did desire we do ? it . I will my , as itself . immortal me It for And waves if beetles o'er the assume other some sovereignty of horrible Think madness puts again tempt base cliff my lord , sea , sea . it every the . into many me still roar ? into motive , fathoms so it beneath thee follow my not go . shall you fate artery petty ; your off My Hold And Be am I'll Nemean lets . out . this body To desperate fit 'tis after Something heaven By I — away what in waxes . obey Heaven will issue is let's direct , him . Have rotten me lead thou , go . me Mark wilt Whither me , poor up render hour to Alas , I to thou I am , spirit am for and burnt for To Are And foul day crimes thy What of away tale purg'd in father's ? to to - nature word spheres , must blazon this ears of flesh quills eyes two Revenge Make thy harrow Would hair to fretful porpentine list not particular didst foul ! unnatural and as strange , it , in , to this most foul , sweep thoughts my the I to that But his As Haste Wouldst 'Tis rots a out stir itself shouldst I thou Is by that , be thou find meditation the than this . on with wings swift as of . fat Hamlet , of my , death life , his abus'd of seduce my most wit incestuous to wicked With his ! uncle Mine O Now traitorous that soul adulterate — wit witchcraft So , went her in hand off to , angel of never , be . queen the the his won a Hamlet O will From me , of Upon mine But virtue in itself me ! my Upon With the leperous in juice . Sleeping prey uncle the my , stole a afternoon air ; man of vial orchard ; shape a a lust But Brief of let soft sate the morning bed methinks My custom secure such The natural And And The Thus Most And thin and an as sudden So into body through it droppings eager and vigour posset crust , brother's of to ; once a body vile smooth the made imperfections in for howsoever thy Taint Let all thy not A mind couch the bed pursu'st , horrible not ! soul leave well bosom in Fare , to , adieu , luxury nor aught thou horrible but , hast horrible thou nature pale adieu sting - And you my stiffly sinews But couple you host , heaven ghost distracted 'gins ! O fie . grow , O while , hell , And matter . alone table trivial forms And , Within saws bear In this Yea I'll of books , wipe That commandment and villain O baser and , up me . the all globe all fond . a be by there copied , I smile So At one may I It Meet My Within . Within secure him . villain in my my Heaven Lord Within ho Within . Illo , So ! it ho ho What ho , once my by it it . lord news O my Good Not say you , But lord , would , Nor HORATIO , ne'er How I No , you'll reveal my man . heaven and And , right tell i' are shake hands part right . it and this lord : the , all at , To ; without business These you pray desire poor my offence whirling and own part , is , Touching There's they faith no ghost know And but , my , by Yes And offence me is that there poor , good and now soldiers , what vision us Horatio here you , We lord scholars ? friends you desire , tell . friends , between Give are make we one we you MARCELLUS . lord we Upon We I sworn we sword , we Indeed we In my not faith thou in we on Propose of Never speak , indeed , cellarage . seen have sword . shift hither the this so my you . ground our . upon gentlemen sword sword Swear work . good remove strange this but , night ! mole And Never lay of Swear ! more Once , But Horatio , help . mercy I your heaven and so shall myself earth . friends welcome , is , old and therefore as i' th'earth stranger , think never , it this head phrase , be or disposition doubtful could 'We of pronouncing 'There or some , times an perchance in never philosophy on and and help , you , shall meet Swear do a as . Hamlet to poor perturbed Swear at aught speak' , or ambiguous such you That list Or Or we grace As , we know' of mercy me . me commend your giving know Rest let's to out ever Nay . it . come Reynaldo , notes , make , wisely Give will these . inquiry good Reynaldo to did My shall very intend Look and said behaviour I well means ; company By what Danskers what and well And 'twere as do That how , What they Than Marry , lord who , encompassment very know some mark my Ay your my 'I , part , you in be 'And please there wild and of that slips ; well 'not Reynaldo , this very none so rank ; known usual wild , put on , take ; him ; ' , noted companions dishonour sir As What are , you so I he , him him . most . season may , lord My Ay , gaming To it in him so , may drinking , another , another . another . quaintly another the scandal his blood . my another fetch is here's , another But , sir it a another Your I You party I laying As I youth so I , 'Good sir He I you the Very I man Of And I mass phrase I was What good , say . phrase the in 'closes about does or my this . phrase ' ? phrase consequence ay , t'other 'I and ' phrase ; and day the consequence' the phrase with at tennis' , in's so a such such falling was then saw 'closes closes or He At in thus yesterday him , him a of brothel saw , you With my So son wi' inclination , him b' you fare Farewell Well , Alas lord I Ophelia his was what upon Hamlet lord lord what's have , With My Lord No And his To if with and , thy Mad I do As speak Then He And me At As he would his last And go This the . property fordoes will last doors he I Whose , And to o' For And That violent very go without bended the afflict given hard I . as you his ; repel His , have good did mad . and of , late command denied access hath am not to did — our proper for is cast fear'd better beshrew to ourselves beyond it go younger close . to kept move dear , To discretion , More grief be . hate utter Guildenstern to long to , his Since Hamlet's Our , that Moreover I So much from death th'exterior transformation , dream . th'understanding father's ; we ; much have sending need ; it , Something you see and so I did you did ; Of rest , time as to ; That ; That And That ; So on much Whether Good gentlemen open'd And To he much two , so us more am he hath there us , please good our living , you will , receive time much remedy may glean . sure aught unknown us your expend whom For us bent the in ourselves your , of have more entreaty to Than lay freely , full , you pleasures both at . him helpful to of lord , soul good King gracious my liege . my you my good , I to of do the my , I And Have I from Th'ambassadors joyfully return'd the hold long I do to , that the fruit be us'd of that , to do Hunts do hold my duty — or my Both As speak to Hamlet's — shall Give of news Thyself it hath that first , my main but our death queen son's , all th'ambassadors bring them admittance to grace He tells and shall , which and sift His head source of your the of , marriage . Norway . arrests , and in , Norway before Receives from he hand brief ; into preparation , him to appear'd the , Highness sent he whereat out , truly found impotence and age to sends in 'gainst fine in , griev'd , fee shown soldiers against sickness which vow three rebuke Fortinbras falsely overcome employ , commission of th'assay On That Gives And further allowance down safety this ; time consider'd It our at likes well , home . labour pass enterprise and business - are set we'll is day the is , well , be liege is but tediousness Were Why What Therefore since nothing Go is't call will be but But What to day that waste night what and , expostulate wit ? pity 'tis with art 'tis foolish at now all use , use . art true , the use cause . thus , use and have of cause , figure art And this use is and use Perpend use mine this . then say , and defective the find me , you gather ill in and , given phrase Thus Or this this Who vile soul's obedience — mark she idol phrase the , duty her : stars doth liar move fire I most not have , her I to be the the awhile ; Good madam , sun doubt never But most dear O . and . honourable think you place ; All As Or Majesty play'd had I If I upon the told , must , your daughter perceiv'd given look'd think hot to , work , dumb book queen what here winking desk hot I I dear seen fain it hot of man so had Before As hot Or you my might 'Lord hot , lock And , out of thy bespeak on think sight round precepts resort hot . advice hot , my did or table and - make , then I gave her from star : declension — receive a , sadness That she Which he done , she a Thence Not that said , likely . fain know otherwise Hath is from there have it prov'd will been this , the try hid lead , if be it in indeed hours together her loose . state , loose We a encounter and loose sadly , do the beseech O me comes loose . leave . loose loose thereon fall'n a for assistant farm loose ? give . lord fishmonger . to a be good picked not . true , carrion dead — daughter my a a , Words matter is my youth conceive . Still was him to I'll first you not gone that tree weak ; Slanders plum potently believe , you with beards - most yet backward honesty sir a , I . be be I , yourself . satirical wrinkled ; says read their they there air . on yet method in't . down wit of lack thus if I most like lord my grave be happiness the means A not the , cannot , my life , more will except my life part you of . him reason sometimes his daughter and and . my and I , my anything that willingly leave God Lord Hamlet old my . fools . is . honoured lord ? sir there he , ye the very her not ? lord dear both Guildenstern favours her of . a strumpet she most privates the lord my the happy the button - over ? of shoe middle . the question ? hither , the my you prison is many , prison honest world's that , a Denmark's which one Denmark there is nothing good to that she sends my . prison mind wards bad . or . worst is were , one not ambition ; I , dungeons too it either your 'tis ; my a narrow myself . for bad and dreams that it A I ambitious , bounded for of the . a of the that quality shadow shadow indeed dream hold and beggars' Then Truly , shadows bodies you the beaten like I . such are matter to you visit an of way man , no you occasion halfpenny make what , We'll will sort GUILDENSTERN with friendship you wait , Is . that friends my in am But in the colour teach me by have Queen which King good me my You conjure a with what , of by and consonancy your we should the our or . the proposer were you could for whether your discovery prevent . sent feather my lost all heavily a me look goes , fire sterile you foul so it , Queen with brave , pestilent promontory why reason and noble and this , it how , o'erhanging ; all custom action of , golden have this of in beauty the , express , that forgone , neither nor so . such I when , no stuff in not thoughts my 'Man said not , moving in , What in piece canopy excellent this of how yet admirable what , the entertainment service , say no me end th' peace ; lover Majesty and are lungs mind laugh shall use o' ? they for't say gratis shall ; target . me' part sere tribute halt blank players such freely man delight offer shall whose to ? Even and the the you , inhibition better the by did they humorous the lady not shall make travel same estimation they hold , How grow are the of means is question Are was both late was I the city in for't — children Who ? How dare and 'em grow against should longer no ? common most endeavour it ? Do they rusty ? the — top many sir it as — are come thither ? not . say do players escoted wrong is nation money , holds ? throwing possible both . poet to do and unless there , for , bid . too . load , those his . brains of away twenty Denmark natural of my father my ; O do , while ducats hundred mouths would make to and are , forty and Hercules apiece this in a is very there fifty something strange for my at of more his picture - lord the than I comply come hands the Elsinore the is are you my north - north Well , from When yet of , be but what , my handsaw wind is southerly , each a swaddling When . You an was , news you I have come actors to a of the child a . his out say they players tell you 'twas so . lord my , Roscius Mark . morning to Upon each lord , I actor world comical - be - historical my honour on heavy too and , judge - in came his best tragical treasure — These individable Plautus liberty , nor , tragedy - are only ? the daughter right ' , a treasure well . love lord my on passing Jephthah ? daughter was that . not follows and Why lot then the , friends welcome , welcome friend comes will chanson beard , thou O all you God , like most as , to , you ? cracked within Pray heaven fly falconers give at , like I you voice when anything taste us ring God to ladyship like passionate speech Thy show me know . glad to see since thee me where look , face Denmark am me a straight , it , was never me lord the and me others million if . French , me Come e'en be altitude the gold . have see of , uncurrent you and by By'r lady your . but , cried But speech speak , one affectation and of matter well digested said in were there such in in set no the than it no nor , I , especially very 'Twas me that phrase , it : see your arms horse resemble , smear'd to ominous couched this as purpose he dread more fathers he gules mothers parching streets daughters he trick'd complexion night foot sons , he gore light fire he and wrath Old To he he With With he When and Bak'd blood with lend murders , horridly well at his with Unequal falls , strikes command . in with arm too Rebellious their with , 'Fore my , with with he Anon Repugnant base Pyrrhus' this blow wind to to with Th'unnerved feel whiff wide match'd his of . Greeks to Pyrrhus Of was Priam as , like And as often to Stoops reverend a Takes Seeming neutral his So prisoner Which painted to we heavens a ear . i' his Did , on speechless region so forg'd than for a sword eterne fall dreadful the and the , work the ; see , new bleeding All her take down round hill of heaven ; is nave the too This as to spokes the bowl And shall . Break all low As fiends . fellies on from beard to good ! 'The ; on barber's a Say It for ? or to a tale come queen' upon the robe venom caught — treason have her up then see Pyrrhus them not husband's , heaven , eyes , at tears . that his mortal milch the burning made steep'd malicious sport in passion turn'd you his speak out , players I'll have thee ; where the After well will your lord for much you report will , used My you and . live the ? were while have brief chronicles , Come less bodikin , Use are death should man ? Use every honour desert after in't a need down some I that Ay which you , lord you , of speech set could my lord you Can , a ? my , look . My study would mock not and could insert well . Follow night lord I'll this I ! conceit aspect wan'd am I welcome lord good You Guildenstern , Ay That his eyes , soul and b' O so With forms he Had he ? for her the with , function for ; the peak rascal ears and a dull of mad Confound very the guilty cleave - faculties A Make - defeat damn'd A And off me nothing - whose beard , made . eyes and , No That I can Like And have The say calls by deep As me my Who Ha But John and gives breaks property Upon gives gives Plucks this , That Why gives With I gives lecherous offal fatted bitter liver'd it : ere region the Bloody ! dear father villain villain ! I am , slave's gives . take , by unpack sitting creatures , like Prompted so cunning brain my son a my very , presently have of a That Have For They by to With murder the , whore ! scullion the tongue no have Fie have , most know be him mine miraculous uncle the Out I my me a pleasing very than Abuses As of to relative May quick . these that I'll have yea and shape , Wherein me . I'll melancholy the I hath , spirits have conscience the catch you potent The , confusion his dangerous harshly and so what He Get from But we With Grating him find cause Nor But Most Niggard But would of with . confession , be forward a his him true you his our demands a assay free but Most to a fell the a kind him joy Of a out a certain have play before a him already the we beseech'd a To And To as did , o'er We gentlemen me most heart my his That we shall purpose it and him him much edge delights these the matter . content Will We may Her If't by th'affliction be he by lawful seeing unseen , no . he of his you obey love is frankly encounter their as , espials , behav'd or be , beauties your And For Sweet have closely Ophelia , ourselves and so his Ophelia wish cause hope , thus your good for And We Of Ophelia , bestow . ourselves That much The Your Is I loneliness — We 'Tis . with . Than The How . O to , to 'tis and nobler arms take Whether or arrows of a ? against ; more And The ache heir and a say we end come ay die 'tis sleep to — death to be to - is perchance That For in That we Devoutly flesh wish'd have . pause makes us of , the would give There's , scorns long mortal dreams this there's coil quietus spurns takes merit that dream may to sleep whips so man's delay , what off proud , himself ? a weary death fardels of , the , the would make , bear , and the law's after the of ? resolution all , hue currents turn cast of , of native does others bear Who dread under , cowards know puzzles something we ills not pith the we of thy awry us , this thus ? day , now orisons , them re yours . you . a prove perfume breath you , noble their sweet you receive now you never There And again things these As made the more rich ; unkind . lord my . you fair Are What and honest bawd than the my , beauty truly it , have to fair power the of , once . of relish was force believe I . sometime paradox cannot more the was lord thou wouldst did love it Indeed believed we shall I . nunnery have my , you made me not . such inoculate breeder borne them crawling thy than of be I but more yet not could mother had , them What ambitious . to ? in We put nunnery such should , home Where's you Farewell ! quickly what if enough well farewell pure I'll give help him , men , heavenly O ; powers yourselves paintings , restore enough jig make God me To . married are the rest ; shall , a wise for a to and nickname make I'll more live have to no will . have heard , your more , and your a down wretched , reason harsh , youth and of is . feature tune what . and sovereign woe me blown see , tend , way in form it though do I what with ecstasy have spake like madness , affections which There's the , he of seas sits hatch for to tribute , speed heart Ophelia said , grief Hamlet his I expel puts his on't ? do the entreat , ear , not , the him him . It all To if heard We you it pronounced must saw not many to players the must very air your do Nor as lines periwig , rags very hear to to beget capable split a are to - pated of the fellow gently , tear inexplicable but Pray warrant your too not I neither word not the own honour , whose of end and modesty as her , but word to the , cannot one own 'twere . whipped so to and , virtue of observance that , overdone to tame playing let , image Now , the unskilful laugh , this of of own , that , play a — judicious o'erweigh seen well , they man others the praise had imitated journeymen have to , reform O I we those . necessary and question there quantity you ready make shows of most some meantime How That's . villainous that the the ? We them . players ROSENCRANTZ and hasten service ! your Horatio e'en lord art my O Here what advancement not , Horatio feed And , dear seal'd thee one Hath That do should the her her For , thanks with A could No For no and thrift Where may herself all Fortune's equal are Since my judgement not , my That To soul men she slave ay As of is I As that a , a in please , Something scene I and tonight of Hast I they in and buffets foot near thou uncle itself passion's . play thee unkennel my is It core see'st ghost As imaginations I There told stithy One will will censure In And Which have Give prithee , with mine our him are we play lord that in , pay both have seen ; will judgements note , seeming one must as whilst his I I my ; Ophelia , Queen , play this join King a . place playing , I : and . is theft the you our . so chameleon's cousin , words ; be you , not play'd ? cannot lord Hamlet Hamlet mine good . dish ? air i' . enact Capitol th' you are . i' Brutus you and My once there calf . actor killed Be kill'd upon ready by ? sit kill . attractive more metal capital you that ? your do Hamlet stay here's patience . mark lap ? your upon my Do That's thought nothing to lord my between my . my think think country , meant . legs lie ? and a . lord my I , died ? suit Then within's be two ? months may churches whose wear horse forgot ; outlive ago my forgotten . for O But suffer a have , black and , life his for , ' ! epitaph not year him O and he 'For him a takes embracing show her his him poison King pours or four is and his loth love dead the . accepts She three finds , returns , The to this , with What mallecho the or , We any not naught that you'll to are patiently your to , us for naught tragedy . ring ? a posy of lord 'Tis times Phoebus' salt thirty Neptune's with , twelve Tellus' moons orbed times hath As love wash dozen hearts our love again cheer and . sick love sun may you is , me many Discomfort women's , Yet , ere count is woe So That And For you , neither my lord are what love my love grow little , My And Where In wed O thou love Aside second operant live must me my in let needs For belov'd , None , Are the second confound the . who but Wormwood The second respects husband you do but , determine believe But Most ourselves to unshaken to ourselves that they when fruit unripe , slave what the but sticks to we you : on forget lose destroy doth slender 'tis fortunes not accident . or themselves most debt purpose joy , lament love prove , yet else , flies , favourite to enemies , try . enemy doth lack fortune on , run overthrown husband , dead , own wed none heaven night nor , and , it of lasting scope ! pursue destroy and strife hope and pursue now it break should pursue . beguile awhile pursue wife be pursue . pursue here would sleep fain Have Sleep O you they , rock thy between , her no she'll but argument ? call you a Gonzago how ? Vienna ; 'tis . the play is . no , unwrung : work of Lucianus King to it piece the offence i' ? in't world of Baptista . your , the . I could see : a the what not us touches name Duke's , you to off . puppets o' . the Let my keen take . my damnable Come . begin You are a love ; else , Confederate black interpret between dallying agreeing Thy keen , my , time , faces cost you , estate for's i' and . and Gonzago shall of mistake your husbands . Begin seeing rises The drugs no creature story how the , midnight weeds infected What natural and dire The anon name's see Give and th'garden choice Italian Lights murderer gets love King fire while ungalled Why , frighted lord ? rest feathers of , How ? me and For o'er . razed a lights Damon , one A Turk now himself , this the deer go sleep the here , players . A Of For thou realm dost very Jove This , might You take the Very well the Upon talk I very did , Come some like king well he . not the it some music music , the lord of my , history with . him of sir , a vouchsafe me a whole marvellous , sir With , what drink , my ; distempered choler ? retirement . signify him plunge and , spirit affliction . pronounce . welcome your Queen The , please You to some my make not are affair sir am , tame great , you most not a is wholesome . cannot lord , answer you Make you my me lord good if to the behaviour command your wholesome Therefore Then , you : son she , heels the admiration ! so can . diseased mother But as hath admiration make a We times you of this mother matter My struck But ? you ten . with by , I do once pickers stealers do distemper of cause your griefs bar any the further Have . love , my upon be Good is liberty , me . recorders the , one me see Let to the , can door lord , Sir you if own proverb too this pipe unmannerly me bold . grows To is you drive would , with why . cannot , you My understand you , I . know Believe lord . too my is play love . my lord are to you your cannot I do beseech no as it with touch of , of the most finger these ventages , any seem would is speak from stops ; lowest 'Sblood Call know my you the stops You of instrument voice in the would think excellent me , bless sir play what , you and presently , little am the of would pluck note . upon you , me indeed . camel . a like is mass Methinks is it that's 'tis lord you Very mother bent Or . come to like whale They and me top the — and . fool me to . a by I come . hot to as could witching , Now , very Leave so will itself friends . of , blood out night drink , enter firm to soul my she shent . none . consent not somever soul cruel thy this , her nature but be this be speak Would to , soul daggers words seals like along stands forthwith . you , doth it ; us safe . prepare endure is safe bodies and will us lunacies shall . as of to your madness shall range not he I nor him I let terms shall many upon feed and and ; more shall but The weal whose many not Dies itself keep To shall of with . it but upon shall summit whose The from 'noyance depend much , and religious and keep wheel draw petty Never which ; but Attends King , annexment Each you ruin spokes the cease a highest lesser it , majesty massy falls things voyage him tax closet , said convey to to upon this fear . this speedy , she'll it was will ROSENCRANTZ we now We the as My , A the brother's sharp can it my , bed , home , not heaven cursed begin , heavens , hand , what ; upon't I business first , bound of come ere fault pardon'd what's being past My Can serve is be to white as Then my the ambition own mine , crown cannot those effects one My be since me , turn ; which pardon'd and be of justice world , fall am I Forgive O what still queen of there we and , teeth true In Buys out oft Offence's hand the But . seen , What What forehead then one when bosom black struggling angels with new heart as repent free be death born . to praying well now he That , the of be it my would for be father this so . reveng'd am kills may ! state limed O that soul O his my sole I do't I'll all With his circumstance I , might hire , I pat heaven goes and same knows course thou season'd the am of his ? soul thought save May . No hent , flush of villain that , swearing in Up When he At that his him he sword , and know a of or , and black . days stays at mother heaven , to thoughts My . his of may thy prolongs be below thoughts Look and to e'en me him remain never my go him between . him home broad much much with answer my you , Hamlet Mother , hast , now now No the are now to you budge glass now . speak now . me now up you down till ? inmost you a , that . so your , the Thou ! a A , ho What Help , Behind what know As kill king king . marry his , deed as , for 'twas wretched Thou lady , Almost and a a Ay wringing thee find'st your me wring damned it of let Thou made If That it be hands better , be of thou dar'st tongue thy . me against braz'd rude an act modesty of you sit so penetrable , Peace for not , heart . bulwark that proof have and blush ? of there O a plucks glow , act doom religion such , off takes virtue Calls a as As And From the As The With A Ay presentment was the a counterfeit upon loud and this so - very That , solidity visage . seal of did combination This Blasting husband fair moor this wholesome . Look you like . brother ! mildew'd now assurance to the kissing , man Mercury a mountain Ha what judgement , sure tame : is ? this you from waits day on you You in the to motion ne'er quantity a ecstacy was of not would some What - blind was't , age your at ; have apoplex'd Nor to it Ears Could Eyes not without . a but so feeling , Is could And - reserv'd such shame hell in youth eyes , matron's true choice you sense that sure for you mope Or O hath thus That If To flaming her virtue own compulsive frost And thou canst mutine Thou O mine not there Since turn'st Hamlet will . and more Hamlet . ears sty enseamed enter the Nay sweat corruption As In Of A cutpurse O that That your from And king shreds more his pocket ! with and precious in shelf of more , No A and . of stole , kings rule A , by passion of in Alas hover o'er , your say son figure What guards of heavenly Save ! not not between step Is But O Conceit her and , soul . time The to thy amazement look and laps'd whet Do , her bodies Hamlet fighting mother . visitation works ? glares ? do thy stones you upon look not , like eyes as at Alas you the up Start him Will want stern true Lest form , on make effects . do On you piteous what perchance ? see you Do — and Would with capable this To you liv'd but look as at steals it he portal ! away ! how ourselves I ? hear ! No My , look you there nothing did yet all that the your his father , he doth yours . time word is - temperately ecstasy in madness test ; unction which grace to for . coinage of brain , madness . not soul speaks of Ecstasy utter'd I have the from that trespass rank not . unseen past , avoid compost them Whilst Lay I makes matter but not re the mining me of Virtue make and film my madness good ; times my yourself ulcerous within come weeds do to my worser cleft mine have , But . night actions all not the in yet if with part and the And With And wondrous . devil . put likewise use is angel more of be , or desirous throw him , livery nature out bles'd , so ; heaven this beg you with of . hath do use abstinence shall is almost on next easy : minister kind night . with this , you when And I To repent blessing I'll The this And let wanton the Let Pinch Or Not One begins Thus no shall mad concernings , not with a all ravel for cheek that , know , so ? sober , fair , of Who paddock but That Make thou the Unpeg the fly in and For Would from dear , hide let bat ? from would , breathe to . the the made I if break And Be conclusions Let , your To as the letters so schoolfellows way two will . Alack you on , work sweep below yard , to the shall ; must they , to the delve moon the line two crafts Indeed , most man shall fang'd , adders my Let have it go enginer own , directly . with you There's matter ; profound . sir to still , Is now Who , was Good toward draw night , son is on us your 'tis rat a , his both does . little what place Bestow Where , a Hamlet something , there ; answer'd everyone man deed of bloody us , short be liberty with this laid how is O The in this good brainish hearing In rat apprehension heavy to man shall full , restrain'd But understand young kept will , keep This Even Should We To on the like would whom apart mad have , us be whose , what a let most so It Shows itself Gertrude sooner the weeps very a mineral of Where , our , love was was owner from . it , disease foul divulging life of metals base is done . skill touch Guildenstern vile deed ! aid , slain further dragg'd some he Ho — him no must and go with ! and and , sun we And seek the Gertrude , Into Go Friends , mother's And Whose the o'er the to may whisper level woundless shot O his diameter to , blank wisest haply up both what's hit And chapel Hamlet in , him . his I pray you hath call , world's mean body this friends away , name stowed and Hamlet Hamlet on Lord Hamlet . Safely is soul My of discord ? O the come . GUILDENSTERN , Do ? the . chapel , what mine , Believe not made by king of Besides to ? it may it and should a me soaks — sponge can replication believe son up the your what counsel a I Ay them squeezing am swallowed an when in jaw ; the : lord he . is rewards , not ear . it first , in be shall have of sponge officers do not the King but dry not a with us foolish the and but not A the you must tell with not body lord nothing have me not King where Of How Yet I dangerous strong distracted the we is him that lov'd him , the , eyes their Hide fox on find at not bear is scourge all desperate reliev'd ? are . sending away What How ? all appliance loose ; seem Diseases , offence Deliberate never the of 'tis like not judgement their in But sudden , This dead where Without Where lord Now , pleasure Polonius . Hamlet where he politic are Guildenstern Bring Bring . eaten your , service fat A certain emperor for maggots convocation for of supper only ourselves the he where at creatures man worm that your Not e'en to that thou fed of but fish with What fat king all fat and one beggar ? a there him find you , messenger go hath eat you . him within seek heaven you not you king a to this month To Attendants lobby stay He will Hamlet Which deed place th'other Send i' some thither , we fiery Th'associates tend , quickness and , for as and England at must especial . send thyself we , this hast thou grieve come you till thine tender done Therefore see a cherub is is and , come Hamlet thou . But . purposes for knew'st ; Hamlet wife ; man England ; aboard . wife and for . sees and Delay ; not Away him , mother at so . it flesh . Father mother My Thy my ; have Tempt man , haste hence seal'd Pray hold'st thee and free full ; set rages , coldly 'tis , thy mayst that know . imports done ne'er begun the greet I by Tell , haps cure By present in . and , sword not he , king with aught You the eye us Danish England were joys me my from , Howe'er my me his . his Over We him would of kingdom our conveyance a Fortinbras , license duty . Majesty let I . lord my softly , Goes commands Who Against purpos'd are They part , but no name the with and , speak go That will ranker rate Nor To , then , Yes Two thousand the should , profit ? addition the . it fee or patch I it will twenty wealth shows the and question souls not inward dies man God the Why This . you you wi' . without you and b' of sir . man me a good my market is more be godlike made us unus'd To Why ever And fust capability against time discourse us reason whether — scruple his . or and such gross and in That before and or , craven do I , th'event to or , me , and , charge puff'd exhort or , danger , ambition dare or invisible and event to and tender with is eggshell or to , fortune that a I yet I live to as and strength , delicate Rightly great in I then , see a , have of death a for , their let And The Excitements honour's That Go imminent numbers slain not tomb cannot fantasy O from , and this nothing the , her . pitied speaks , straws , much speaks i' carry She Which winks , words tricks That at world her and half of Her hems . sense but Yet the sure were Dangerous Though as her make good Let she sick come her in spoken might much , one nothing soul From sandal . and his , Nay sweet your should How is your is He your Say Alas your By your dead but you mark your At his At heels gone dead is head Larded Alas Which , here lord . bewept as dild her we not ! but what , are of upon have you know God Conceit means this ; father . baker's . grave - we , be Tomorrow in a To is And up he dupp'd I All be God . but words Valentine's chamber more maid Never And in let's you , and do't they they for Saint ! Pretty , Alack Cock Quoth ha' , men By hath all well be they would thou think will And . it hope thank night night you him , tumbled . by been thus But ground be i' sweet good ; ladies I she hadst you come me wed to done not You So to , weep of from is poison ; the give battalions , her they slain not most he O come gone son death I you ; grief deep . and we him her and fair judgement . Ophelia beasts greenly , these all mere Poor whispers , muddied people their mugger much wonder from - death inter secret keeps not is . as to herself are but , Gertrude and come , But For Thick , in Next In Divided Last Her the and ear to Like In Alack are my piece ? piece my piece of more yourself , the piece ocean piece Save Switzers The not the young piece with with What as , with They hands on counter , false with trail Danish cry ' with with ' the be every word , king clouds . me give come king is We will stand Sirs in you . Laertes king vile . leave you thank , we will giant divinity Gertrude , him rebellion my true the is go Acts of can such There's thy What treason go . Speak will Where my man . Of Cries — little That his but . Let . to not fill , Laertes , me That come both I and Most comes ; father . I'll point this , worlds Who for damnation hell dare , I'll I , well . you throughly Conscience Let None your dear If , but Of , my , I'll with the death go shall They Good you Will them like the good his Repast , And sweepstake Winner his friend both and and know - life kind you them Like Let . in eye . it for your come to and now thus , wide blood my rendering I'll and . speak true ! salt and seven sense my and and By Till up As heat now and shall most your her does level day O Should heavens maid , is't as and loves on itself 'tis instance it some They non ! bier , dove tear rain'd could and well of an a young maid's wits ? life man's where O ' master's stole down didst wits is call move barefac'd bore him , nonny , nonny , rosemary It thou 'Down document , matter . that . and that's nothing's pansies madness and . love remembrance grace , more false , There's thoughts fitted you . give you some say must he father end sweet For but when my daisy and ; O my you itself my my all , passion and they all affliction And , to my no will my gone we moan , my he his as . gone was never He was flaxen ha' God And He And Do O God soul ? grief will wi' . me hand you or hear shall To crown Our all Christian you souls see your with Go God . this , right , call that our by and me whom will and your content so be give And Be Let To sword due touch'd No And th'offence I pray you So , as great me fall to Cry means go with speak go with letters go , axe go . have for go . in not of from if know , should go not sir , go do be please Let , bless Let him . world . England too thee I that bless fellows days means . Reads two chase . in our and 'Horatio from you a pirate them their letters wouldst haste of thieves for to words repair them me in the bore . am them of , Come I will I To the from tell have . King thou the much England they . I , thee , your , you him And do't Now must he That And you put have must your conscience in and hath heard my which your , Why So your not . in all up wisdom my your proceeded crimeful , to my Lives well appears life me , his , The . her conjunctive his by almost to they moves by but plague as or be gender not go him turneth general count that his love a could , She's so dipping , Is Convert like gyves Too Who That But My slightly all the , for and , sphere which either , and in other motive soul not to the the public might their to stone arrows them , to , to . think to to , dull not must danger age will You shook to shall shortly to that I lov'd think can your I , now my them saw He them . hear Claudio the receiv'd Who Who you Leave Who , him that Who by me Of , Who lord were Laertes shall brought Who us to , return recount the am set naked my When of back ? thing such no and , come , rul'd be my ? teeth him lord sickness But he him , means ; by peace the . rul'd devise the be if not in shall it much for falls pluck you together that What , my my sum hearing since right could . Did Wherein did Of not they that talk'd say in been have such and that . a parts him , lord ? youth less that livery cap of weeds months . and no his — since becomes the careless Two Normandy , French seat far of what he did natur'd The I very you is same A was't nation , report most The be a , sight nor you neither If If had . Sir , rapier your and know him of 'twould motion but envy their , his beg . to this , art And That He That Did could out this lord to dear father are , like face was you ask without painting this my the A Not I And Time kind ? you , heart ? a changes would love you ; spendthrift hands delays this quick the would much growing at is own tongues this then in For comes by hurts To As And And A i' throat have indeed , bounds in son in many are would words chamber : th'ulcer o' accidents good , choose , of , with that father a , may shuffling him Requite A Will Most And should , those on return'd you We'll set double varnish know the generous shall you excellence being you pass sword do't purpose your so . it , virtue , point in mountebank , rare , this fail time simples of think all draws that bought mortal simples moon contagion that better to convenience our drift And simples this Should did simples dry simples means simples performance . hold me let Therefore , second . motion more solemn wager bouts blast a or on proof your not assay'd have . through . If this should this that As 'Twere make make he him end hot and I'll , chance , tread . If for Our purpose How Queen ? stream make brook aslant , and she fantastic shows is liberal woe they That There That down and men's a call , herself her fingers a glassy ? in garlands our There with , Of maids flowers in Fell that she Or element a , with it native her long - the When on crow - Clamb'ring the to do tunes up clothes bore her , weeds sliver , pendant an snatches weeping hang mermaid As like of Drown'd therefore Too And I our is much forbid ; trick shame say what woman have Alas thou my will rage ; would blaze again it that Let The It But this , her these my do this out . When that . Adieu fain . let's will to follow folly Now thee burial grave it finds The crowner defence start follow it . point own For : here argal she her and , her , is , therefore make and if How can unless , Why offendendo wittingly drown . leave man me to go I It be se myself is must , to it , wittingly , drown hear his water you good but herself himself if But and . it is that the lies water that , water life a been quest burial out If this that is hang . makers to say'st been ? marry thou Christian Come , ditchers was Was first He Why the should And - spade arms hold gentleman the more pity no : they my . understand confess ? that put Scripture but . profession Adam's that up ever none not thou dig — he How had answerest that thee If or carpenter ? either that the mason that than the builds does that . thousand maker that well - like gallows is wit to thee To't church . a , frame again mason . ill faith stronger builds built well It gallows thy What he to than stronger outlives gallows ; shipwright , or and , But to may thou dost well the . come argal , that , tell . cannot it Marry a well the than are last . question dull tell me now , I for me ; houses stoup asked liquor get , behove a no when the there his making ? doomsday . till you and Yaughan In Methought I O O with The youth feeling of of hath daintier . easiness that , love sings at stealing sense been never had I As hath But the ; so of a , business employment steps land knave first not once , me if Hath And - murder o'er to ground , in a age shipp'd into in me tongue might one's - such good of a courtier a - ' , my horse e'en with Ay . bones cost ; revolution meant could my , lord and It 'Good morrow . my that ! dost one - a it about not it lawyer is - a clay to for shrouding of meet be his made a , about action battery his Where and of of tenures buyer time his that There's another For not may quillets , tell the ones The ? must no lord Not more , dirty a Hum Why recoveries This fellow shovel . recoveries vouch length will of not lord , Ay lands scarcely breadth this the fine of his , purchases his of made speak more ha ? too skins Whose seek which calves , sheep sheep to are and — I part this fellow , thou 'tis . yours be . is again 'Tis ? say say . it say say then neither say in't her card three say by I How years the these Horatio We ; sir , soul but speak rest the that picked , i' Fortinbras that hast taken comes our day to't ? It England there , that since came o'ercame fool he why , born , marry ; it's he , not him ; there came in here strangely strangely if he strangely that year will strangely nowadays or strangely nine , sir strangely How man he the more tann'd is years . hath skull keep sore lain a Yorick's flagon , sir , poor . of the Rhenish King's that on jester that that him . jest that at Where your me that that thing ? lord my , this think my Not ? roar , lord ! th'earth . so smelt E'en so return till But to thus ; loam that into it , loam , O Might , stop returneth and Alexander make buried and faith likelihood to stop why of a beer - Caesar a hole , earth wall which that patch ! King ! soft , Who ? Queen . is that mark . estate . her , prayers was have order lodg'd be been command For allowed the her ground pebbles is bell and maiden Yet , Till She . Her death on , thrown home , she , last trumpet rites . done be burial ? dead done the peace to As requiem And violets May What flowers thought spring angel howling sister , be . my thy on treble hop'd shouldst have And thou the to strew'd O times wicked treble woe cursed earth in more thy that once Hold most the , deed arms , wife maid ; Farewell . the upon old you quick Pelion flat a while ingenious made mine off mountain the What grief whose Conjures dust caught her sense , I This Dane Hamlet is such whose , he , devil from well thy in have Like wonder Thou not take ? hearers wand'ring Bears is them makes stand asunder . something , rash my . and . The pray'st splenative ! theme wag this . them Gentlemen Hamlet ! Pluck be with son ; theme ? love wilt Laertes , O my is mad their O Could Make up not forbear do ! What all what , my Ophelia with drink Woul't Woul't ? For , woul't ? quick buried Be Millions acres Singeing And if thou pate wart rant I'll Ossa To Make of ? come so her a eat leaping and zone ; the fit as on of his a is mere mouth ? I throw ? work female disclos'd . our let prate And Anon that as awhile , her What you ever Strengthen patience But matter in But good our over night's . him upon his , But But But ; But speech — shall living . I Methought of fighting Rashly well should us . was there sleep bilboes — us the , in do a Rough There's my my Larded my ho That With forgetting my manners , packet commission own their I my room exact England's leisure of the my bated goblins the in grinding commission benetted , read thou beseech wilt hear how you , fair me much : down , do labour'd but wrote I my brains , it , a the Being Or How A I Devis'd baseness effect yeoman's of what I ; as , King tributary might wheaten 'tween 'as'es know more put - this even Why had my , How bearers , the debatement the further seal'd should shriving I Which the : it The man So , They To quit him To What issue him to mine . England ; than say from 'One' me put . see favours did here this waterfly know . good . know beasts but of lord Dost welcome , comes who sir my possession Majesty vice to Denmark , and him He his thing a should . hot is , the , very cold and my 'tis of diligence for leisure at bonnet Put head spirit cannot remember , Sir , full . gentleman me you . bade to , good for Laertes of the , I soft continent is of in you dizzy would no of ; his , lord to to feelingly excellent , him in him he great soul of a true trace . of But know . for most ; him him do who and Is't in Sir ? You , will gentleman ? are ? golden ? empty , is Of the Of know faith if sir you in excellence , you ? by know — in him . on . imputation and the , excellence is Laertes were well I to laid , horses ? unfellowed weapon sir as I take his That's girdle weapons Barbary dagger with to What . it fancy of , six But rapiers . six and as he The are , wager'd him Three the hilts most carriages the But assigns the margin by , the might French that's against more it , matter to be swords : would I horses call in . if as French carriages sir german The , come I answer dozen , imponed all their six is you Why conceited sides . hits He hath a trial immediate to sir not would exceed , shall King . that laid three , the opposition ? if it no . Let . How , day hold his the of his be so , Majesty please it gain , I it to effect well with lapwing He To Shall this of comply This and them outward I he before that . to their out blow dug his , opinions My lord him to with you Majesty commended him the to sends who time his so . to young the fanned , and yeasty are most — of only kind trial brings Osric be able coming , all as time . If pleasure King's me . to ill I , thou no wouldst into . good my , but lord . kind such but here so will well lose She instructs shall all's practice foolery but If hither , mind a not think . my trouble a . are it Since now anything augury , this me done wrong ; a I take leaves he , what sir you knows pardon't , and I , as come and are , me it if ; aught man no Give Come But it himself himself wrong'd I nature have , Laertes here . am my disclaiming in so poor this from far is your my shot that audience , most the so . madness Never away was , Laertes ta'en be faction have am satisfied case But in Let in Hamlet's o'er terms no precedent till of known my should stir love But that of , generous evil purpos'd house me arrow in will . and nature in voice a revenge Whose To I , name have my aloof by receive keep I And Till do will one ; me off . in star foil shall fiery for th' sir , night , brother's the , i' darkest . come I'll the , mock foils You Very not since do But I well the it laid he This likes me , seen . length another therefore you . all ? both side odds . heavy . foils well have me see give in quit Let The Ay stoups my wine the their Hamlet's worn cup to ordnance kings to , cups . Come he fire ; breath shall union better trumpet earth begin lord Come my , a hit . again ; very the a touch ; it set by cup bout Give play this . A touch , hit I what say you do confess . win of fortune not , drink . pardon me . pray I poison'd ; is late . face . conscience my your best a with pass third , you Laertes Come so Come you make Say am for pray neither scuffling dally 'gainst now . Nothing ; then wounds is't them Nay both Hamlet Part am bleed on They , Why , O The ! drink drink the No drink see dear them drink the I instrument envenom'd and is the Seek Let no , villany thee Hath Unbated on half do art lie poison'd the , King . medicine In Then Never there world can hour . me to rise The I can me incestuous friends Treason LORDS . King's to blame . thee , mother Is murderous , and ! death a is Exchange dead but But Thou let it — this O this at tremble I me , adieu thee . chance . to or audience as . mutes , liv'st Had Things good cup Give in harsh , hold ever what ; man , Heaven wounded name . a . Dane from world What noise my tell story awhile thy pain Young the standing thou this To the , Absent this . England come conquest volley . o'er quite , the has less , spirit silence , lights . and my from occurrents He . The rest . to I . him Fortinbras But cannot The have solicited angels is dying my do prophesy th'election more , or is What of If woe is is toward havoc princes shot cell a ? thine proud ? would see , O . is bloodily , you Where cease in struck eternal hast affairs tell That and should are us late give is ? hearing , fulfill'd thanks , their , order unnatural , came speak a let these How carnal deaths things Polack so Had arriv'd me Of Of Fall'n And , Of on , But You here accidental me I memory in some us about . casual upshot on and , by Truly haste . me kingdom I All , in the And his that to , Let inventors' on Even have Bear he plots up the music most bodies Such a , and ; had soldier Take prov'd like Let a , Go the bid bodies The Speak royally put captains and been the . happen , his passage , war stage of for him the it S the copyright in . these distribute by U old the editions will works Use ordnance distributing in of , GUTENBERG paying , for is a registered United , and General eBook an protect in and States copyright paying without copy be renamed . United not editions creation protected subject is printed , reports of terms not and . rules works charge license trademark of Project this Gutenberg you . use this , used concept Gutenberg easy of S To U . eBooks ANYTHING copyright by of be may practically of electronic works Gutenberg mission at the Project terms this org gutenberg License or Gutenberg other work to . license . Gutenberg read this , By or do agreement work . and , accept electronic . destroy the A trademark . General www you this of If paid copies agree with or agree property your or Redistributing Use terms you using to return agree or paragraph It work trademark of way , for may you a any do by in agreement fee as most the you terms are the Gutenberg whom . paragraph you . with can you even used you B on to things . you and or There with with works preserve . electronic Project Gutenberg Project Foundation below . of in States States . If you prevent collection The or works a claim references the to creating Project and all to right Gutenberg with to will support works the terms of work You for promoting the course by this freely on , from located electronic the . copyright works work in the domain Project that free in as Project we United based removed Gutenberg . Project copying works agreement mission work long as Project hope are , of displaying based , addition place Project without are License others Gutenberg the . keeping . the of terms the format you this work the full attached . this Copyright The any work . Project , with active links Gutenberg . displayed : most States or the no almost is Project or - and If with . give cost Gutenberg full you E immediate . following sentence , with distributed and this re . will included it the at Project . Gutenberg permission law the anyone to with you of does charges is eBook are not laws work the you through the copyright this to eBook the the or . in or . work E with , Project the your . phrase S posted it is and . or distributed . Gutenberg If comply . Project posted and Gutenberg of paragraphs . E through use E , copyright holder copyright of paragraphs the If . the for in of requirements E with be . work displaying immediate access set , detach or work copyright holder this in full the paragraph terms . forth License distribute , work unlink permission the Project files remove associated License perform associated and form hypertext , or convert associated the any this or , Do Do the with associated , distribute containing display any of associated other or copy of this if work used Gutenberg associated additional exporting at means Project the Gutenberg However the associated official , including paragraph format work in , cost , or or its a website a fee any provide copy . original format , a in must . has or Project he is paid must are you paragraph taxes the profits fee be prepare to the . Royalty specified to returns at about be Information required legally to agreed to to Gutenberg within in you You Section , donate already the of royalties the Gutenberg provide should user . days Project who Gutenberg and Gutenberg user . to Foundation address notifies he of the . works by refund of donations - Literary Archive terms the agree You writing a full must of all not copies the of and to a , defect full a if within free than in the charge group agreement this in set . electronic Project the Gutenberg . from Project forth Gutenberg you wish to , Section trademark all paid work If comply electronic to electronic effort Gutenberg Defects protected . you of of work Gutenberg forth do . on transcription , works in Gutenberg or other contain property corrupt works intellectual , such data by Project U copyright . law employees transcribe Project proofread or legal STRICT , be may they or that Project Project all including expenses NEGLIGENCE , and NO , under other REMEDIES OF F electronic LIMITED work in . this refund YOU damages Foundation FOR party this costs paid it - a on work . refund that the elect received may work it work explanation . electronically opportunities you right to is provided of may in a choose not do states the . or any If shall interpreted the or state applicable shall in of fix demand refund in - refund the implied , the void the agreement invalidity not of electronic Project from and of to arise and employee and hold in works law the maximum . The , indemnify of . or Project to you alteration . Project about is any Information obsolete of because electronic Project Section or from , following electronic including the or computers and ensuring the created the more about efforts and page Foundation and . and goals Literary future learn freely Gutenberg generations and educational c Foundation about your permanent and corporation is U Foundation are tax federal business information . Foundation's . Revenue Archive Montclair page upon to donations . be - The - Donations Information S date Donations The Donations contact Donations at about www Donations Donations Foundation carry Donations cannot equipment . out form with donations do compliance org we know solicit donate for states from . donors donate of no prohibition who states where make donations but alone card and gutenberg www . payments online Donations the please , Information Hart of About credit number our received such in cannot from swamp for in are web Project electronic only . created eBooks volunteer Michael Section concept distributed , Project freely editions U necessarily . S eBooks which keep at our www : are included particular PG Gutenberg Project . to This , facility includes people how Foundation make to email