Who's me answer Barnardo live . yourself King . He , carefully ? Long most much I to . this Have 'Tis struck thanks sick you am twelve guard meet watch rivals do 'Tis bitter cold , bid And you my hear of , ho this night , there ? Dane the . ground Stand liegemen , O , soldier you Barnardo Barnardo , what What , Marcellus . take of again Welcome piece is Horatio there him good twice again watch will seen but hold fantasy our 'tis have belief let And Touching us entreated this Therefore if sight dreaded to may eyes this minutes With Tush tush once against down fortified , not , awhile we we of our 'twill , Sit again your so And figure off thee , same bell break In , Thou Horatio . that's it to King Mark it , fear . it where beating dead It would spoke wonder speak the a art ; thou that the of Together In . Horatio form , of warlike buried speak away I time . night ! thee charge offended it . speak thee By It and tremble , Is ! Stay speak ! not answer not and own What now ! 'Tis Of it my mine not ! King avouch this the like ? more than believe ! fantasy and ! armour angry combated the in thyself : he had true an eyes on art ; ice jump he by this Norway , hour watch on ; Polacks not know our sore whose ; war brazen observant watch that our my scope to dead gone thought hath and particular in bodes gross This Good the strange and down same And Does make is't can goes At Doth least What might for of the joint divide such the be , Well , ratified by this this Thereto his , his the , law who known a heraldry all world seal'd had moiety a ; of by the competent conqueror return'd ; him , emulate Fortinbras appear'd , on side our seiz'd King hot mettle Now , and , and full , and which article , of lawless here sir , cov'nant , young there strong our unto of and Shark'd For Hath Of he To by the design'd Fortinbras Fortinbras , other which appear list of well recover it And of - it think source That by terms stomach hath Comes this The father But main lost compulsatory us , And our other that our is little the watch sort haste our , I preparations like e'en these portentous : the the and tenantless graves most is Neptune's influence trains Julius sheeted streets of stands , Rome wars . eye Stay it , events Roman the sun preceding earth the precurse almost like still and where me hast thou soft But , our Was omen fierce eclipse . Lo it be to thou happily privy thy ! thou art if Speak to and comes voice of , climatures thing , me to ease to me . or foreknowing O do any any sound good country's , illusion , me , Speak Marcellus it at Shall Which avoid thy hast say . it which Or they Extorted I it treasure , We To And here it is to , started speak air of malicious mockery when about vain it wrong show the our blows , being gone the , so offer as it Doth , it then Upon with The And the and that fearful of god lofty day on the Saviour's our Wherein then nights No fairy The bird faded present And crowing To his This , hath is in , seen my , it life . him tonight , shall us hill . power do gracious part my it , to speak upon what of dew our us young Hamlet in needful you This Do do't memory yet of green one , that death , morning . this nature . defeated warlike now ourselves , eye with we With To we dear , hearts be Though Th'imperial , as remembrance this 'twere funeral have , thanks , marriage in dole freely all nor state of sorrow think on him , dropping , wisdoms along affair wife Have With in one mirth Lost his , fail'd valiant and bonds much him , hears scarcely the all levies young is for pester of and our by to with state this be hath He To You His Who Out , Of this gait herein nephew's proportions greeting no dilated , further your things and , Farewell Of For lists , his and bed and Cornelius : these CORNELIUS that And You now doubt business To all Laertes , You your told We And The not lose is voice Denmark to Laertes heart thy the to , favour Dread thou of more some hand more of , reason . speak us That my my to to , France native instrumental whence and wouldst the The What shall Than Your show must you bow your and thoughts hath to gracious again I done says your , leave pardon France that to have duty wishes I now My I him consent ? thy spend , his Upon I He Have thy And now Take do But fair my than , less than . and time . go be will Hamlet kin little more the cousin best , too my it am sun , off . i' and at Laertes graces hour it A ! Denmark die my Not Ay ever , let And Do Seek know'st Passing not , much . with is inky Hamlet look cast thine 'tis , No , it common for Seems with the nor Nor they , Together That and which passeth . of woe mourning , your father , father ; play might nature indeed shows in eye , the of . truly in are , forms all in denote me trappings sweet you in A In obstinate , lost give but These in 'Tis To father filial do in and in But in That To impious understanding any we An For Of it the 'This of reason we corse first be ' and ? in vulgar know our thing and , 'Tis unmanly grief incorrect unfortified will most most must be should most To fault Take You This must a for woe father with no less still common to theme cried to throw died hath note , earth world think , eye : intent of of who , you , us the to dearest most beseech cheer , you to , son your in to bend comfort , chiefest and , love his , desire For cousin retrograde going It And in thy loving accord ; Hamlet , a all my gentle ourself stay lose her prayers to as , 'tis to smiling This . Madam grace in ; unforc'd rouse But And - Re Come shall tell again away Denmark the earthly too O speaking in 'gainst , this King's great Be Denmark a heart cannon Or that solid . drinks shall bruit a flesh clouds the to the not , dew , two not this nature : this to much come 'tis , His canon Thaw weary to to to remember ? Why of and , earth a grown had on . roughly ; month it if ; nay that gross unweeded and rank so not on't not With , increase Must two Possess think little face , But , me As on she that no Hercules ; wants , like month unrighteous but or ere , my married her yet poor she , to mourn'd have Than Ere Had With . tears A , of in incestuous to ! tongue hold come My O ! all beast O Within more . with father's wicked . Why even uncle mine of father discourse to dexterity speed , to . flushing salt good . you lord see glad to , Horatio I is break It She , for cannot I lordship . myself that make My I'll change , I well ever do or from . you what very am And your my you Sir what good friend ; Horatio , lord good good your say violence report truant ? Elsinore in drink I know ; no ere you see of my enemy that truster is to to you what I prithee it to was , father's funeral mock mother's - upon student . your are came ever Or Would I furnish met had I coldly Where father Thrift , my lord , see the in my ? he a . like his all saw I take upon think I once my methinks my mind's My He My goodly , was king . while may I for father ! again him for him , Who Season ear witness marvel . hear you let Upon attent your For This Two the encounter'd Marcellus and God's nights Barnardo and A exactly them oppress'd his Armed me on , had their these , waste , stately at Appears point thus In dead their . Almost Goes In , the they them , truncheon's slow Stand with of dreadful speak thing lord did methought good ; it yet once ; address watch ? we it . as head none away true 'tis haste in strange sight shrunk morning the my from lord 'Tis , of in , down , this . to , you not head from lord My Arm'd MARCELLUS do and We Arm'd , top , up his he foot lord . to saw toe wore his face frowningly in anger ? you eyes his , very would have like there . been amaz'd very While , It much I tell his in ? watch will It His grizzled beard was A sable have as . Longer 'twill again . will gape , all still , silence my to me you be hold requite no tongue . tonight , 'twixt eleven and fare whatsoever it bid will Upon you I speak it , peace your hitherto father's should pray this else an the Your , Our . I'll visit your platform understanding hap shall but twelve farewell is were honour to duty to mine spirit doubt then all sit arms All you as still , rise , embark'd earth foul , benefit , from , assistant me the not you convoy , is Though : would soul My . winds you hear Farewell . his favour nature in a , primy And let do a ? that doubt toy trifling Hamlet Hold , and A it For , blood , not ; no , besmirch doth ; will not may no is persons not must no , no no alone now no waxes temple this as of Perhaps you his his whole state he choice is cautel he service inward withal Carve the fits Unto for ; for unvalu'd to depends and act Denmark your ear or chaste may honour deed his wisdom of do , further to far . head the the As in is The sanctity It it , If beauty and prodigal is itself Fear If Than his May keep Ophelia , weigh with Then too your To maid calumnious of importunity list his , desire danger not her the Virtue And Contagious then itself wary rebels , shall not his heaven libertine reckless way pastors do ; brother keep . in though , best Youth I A Occasion double is a double . shame . for . blessing ; treads dalliance rede . my second ? Laertes I here , a But here father not upon in , tried ; Beware palm with quarrel , their no by but unproportion'd . few precepts familiar any And . Aboard shoulder There Yet And Look friends you are Of Grapple thou thou , each not thy , with means dull - unto them each Costly express'd as apparel the For of they Neither dulls a lender and thine the borrower select of the generous both must And This it not : as be edge self , judgement . gaudy and that day . friend be rank best : in husbandry night season leave chief the and , well my lord true man your take in to , any my this thee I . of . key you remember it the lock'd , shall yourself , Ophelia he well , Marry told 'Tis So is't , he been audience so , caution understand my not of ? you way — Give me and — so hath you and and put I free very most 'tis yourself ; hath it my , up . on bounteous hath honour so , girl hath , tell must me hath truth hath you the clearly behoves between , What is He I do believe in to such tenders yourself call ? green them speak , as I you perilous you these tenders of wind ; it Tender importun'd . what . with dearly ; you'll . baby a you'll phrase fool , his holy catch to you'll all heat how in , blazes a you'll do the soul you'll know , making presence maiden ; time prodigal , speech you'll springes blood vows as burns tongue something Be Than Believe , Even , Than , Lends the From , young he for ; unholy . you believe not , Not may a larger tether In him parley , command so his entreatments scanter not that may , Ophelia , walk higher is ; rate your of , this for suits show brokers he Lord For which sanctified This ; I words you , and . plain talk with obey . your come all : time Hamlet . a The to I struck now cold air eager , it of . draws spirit the No it . the near ? rouse ? Wherein Indeed What walk to lord reels down custom ? trumpet thus marry Is Keeps does wake and he as And tonight manner though is't swaggering takes his bray with of than it a observance nations east I , other of The The west swinish men complexion forts wherein cannot the , much too that The by , habit some form Carrying They clepe So for Or breaking From our Soil As in pith oft some nature our particular nature they manners as that Shall As infinite general corruption reason one pure a men , undergo take The . fault the — the down of Doth the of dram star stamp ; hell charitable us as doubt comes own and thou with Let Why father speak com'st Be Thou thy Bring Be , such or call , ignorance Dane burst saw ponderous quietly inurn'd this marble why thee me , steel nature disposition fools in and in the souls moon glimpses the our we again his Wherein Hath Revisit'st So this Wherefore ? do we , of our go of What reaches , As some . desire , action ? it courteous a go it what for It And No speak not lord set Being you I'll follow it . to pin's a at immortal again forth my do not , I it my ; fear . Do my o'er deprive some dreadful the place his tempt life be , as itself cliff sea of , it form horrible reason . Think a me base the summit . toys , many , waves on so more It you your sovereignty the other into motive of I'll not . off Hold You your Go every hears me . roar thee to of desperation sea . gentlemen follow go ; shall my lord body . the Nemean petty fate hands out as And am hardy As , heaven makes call'd , Something To it with thus not He I ; 'tis will come . Nay will in issue Whither I me thou , further come ghost render is and Must lend up sulph'rous , poor . will flames . What I bound when thou shalt . unfold revenge I And for for term confin'd a father's ? knotted the burnt Till And But If didst and this the List thy God ! ever flesh thou eternal hair to stand from - that But whose thy house am I lightest ; soul like up a thy freeze locks combined start fretful stars two Thy each and on ! foul foul most But most this my it unnatural thoughts ; apt ; wings ! as thou be to or , I the in in duller , that . whole hear life ease . process know The ; a forged crown ease thou did my serpent me that rots That ease O Now ease With witchcraft wit ease ease the ear of death my of soul ! adulterate thy father's power decline to even that was his that with and wit , my , seduce most falling to gifts his of wicked will O , that , queen dignity vow . have traitorous a — won what in was of virtuous , with - whose hand virtue But wretch her in marriage never poor off there , of will , shape radiant a garbage morning air bed orchard of of mine about , loathsome of All most . blood sudden a natural in That gates as swift The of Holds vigour blood like with of the body whose courses through posset into So droppings it doth it of wholesome a , horrible blossoms disappointed , all horrible smooth No reckoning O With smooth hast ! in , of but imperfections smooth made my the , unanel'd my ! bed and pursu'st thou in Denmark be smooth smooth once brother's , smooth dispatch'd . act uneffectual to fire Remember matin the shows - The prick howsoever Taint And and Against And adieu leave her nor of let , aught glow ; What , near contrive mother thy damned . at bosom this soul fie grow . thou , from of memory thee thee instant seat . O ? pale ! me , O ! Adieu And shall you , all . Remember Remember not heaven hell my me bear couple host sinews , saws Yea wipe ghost globe while , memory a ! brain my of volume and book the with , commandment woman Yes alone shall by is I be may it is may least It I am 'Adieu . to ' my remember , are smiling damned down a so . MARCELLUS . smile and , Meet . At . ho Illo Within I have , Heaven ! ho , How , Within Hillo it lord , bird , my ! boy , ho lord ? What No say There needs ghost my To he's would , by , lord I heart HORATIO you'll my secret my dwelling villain heaven , and lord all and hands circumstance , from at i' are more we and fit your ; desire shall and for go , desire own , part right . the part , my shake I'll , hath ; point you poor . offend wild but sorry no but , Patrick it Such I'm business man every are , lord my whirling faith this is ; you heartily lord there Touching vision tell , friends what , Horatio , that honest desire you are you O'ermaster't may . And scholars request , now friends , Give We in , Indeed sworn , In My my not the under my , this thou you ? fellow , sword sword . there the in Art . stage that Come swear . my my , Ha ha et speak Propose Cries Swear cellarage boy , sayst on , of oath so Never ubique ? hither hands of Swear to lay your Swear by this again sword . that you upon Then shift , is so friends ? welcome give , but Horatio But , earth philosophy in more are How as or perchance meet . this me disposition arms With seeing antic , in remove more a of are therefore as we list to know' pronouncing put Here And Or such mercy of 'There , and they on , thus by we you So aught , of 'We if do . gentlemen , know speak' Or grace 'Well 'If That As man poor do not so my May willing ever . you help to is ; cursed O let's I perturbed , Rest Nay is your I come born was these , inquiry . intend did I his him behaviour . Look my visit . good make sir finding keep they and and shall Before Enquire said , at what well , nearer , Reynaldo him it come , lord . his touch of , means this By What , who 'I — very part as 'twere know father my you my know thus in they and encompassment he I mean well ; very none that , you ' marry there say knowledge will drift son mark this you more . him dishonour sir and liberty noted known my slips , ' please and , What forgeries But Addicted may , and , But in , if't be you , of , wild youth As My gaming , companions are Faith Quarrelling lord drabbing , swearing so , would that You go far . as You no , season to of my But That not That's Ay , The A my should this my here's would — do in savageness general assault . that , working , country ; crimes would prenominate him , or ' this . and good What was , man the phrase or in , my lord 'friend , consequence the . did ? Where something ' , so ay . 'gentleman and , ' I marry , say , leave ! as you now you sale' , of of of perchance and of forth and with takes , enter at tennis' a so carp reach . this assays advice . former and You directions indirections we falsehood windlasses By So son . lord . me b' Shall And a Your by With my do thus you God wi' My I lecture out have have my lord . you well . matter And I what's Farewell , ply . my the , lord I so now , my with a his loosed of each foul'd unbrac'd God in sewing was head - knees so look with , what My Lord Ungart'red as And had his and down I With his , as purport stockings , fear it before out ? knocking to gyved , of , comes me not , What wrist the to he And As would with goes the said horrors been he thy , for ; arm , so arm lets he , and and brow face mine his . eyes their light . help without shoulder . I ecstasy seek of . fordoes violent is And . last doors to Come does That him ; lord good you our natures itself love without , sorry heaven to any as given my I did His have the he passion . repel As had What , I It seems it thee beshrew our proper mad denied — command opinions younger to close move age my our the jealousy ! might but kept to , you see we go , need that known This lack . must More The Hamlet's his much dream so of young , More rest to being you vouchsafe little And Some much on from him days . it have so the inward you death That as he , open'd us so you unknown hath adheres If am , occasion Good occasion To occasion occasion For to show he occasion gentry thanks . of remedy occasion you occasion awhile good there much talk'd are will living not profit king's king's fits visitation more To the Your As us so king's As expend Put up both , king's , us king's command of you power dread lay Thanks And I king's changed , To and at bent , king's . in full your beseech give be Rosencrantz To too much Heavens , and gentlemen our him . news Hamlet is helpful and from joyfully , And I still Thou hast lord my I Have been I Both hold my Th'ambassadors Are Norway , of good my . sure hear . lunacy , admittance that do , that policy hold , liege King so else to God do , and gracious my soul of great bring of do do do I to that Give do be the first that in do . found do main the your son's , th'ambassadors to Thyself Say Most I it , other o'erhasty hath marriage that distemper . sift brother Norway ? our greetings levies his better your Highness ; the , and into borne hand in , he , from of what and out sent a look'd preparation , which to him found sends brief , impotence , more and uncle before from which three as crowns to you an your further safety for commission thousand of Receives give th'assay him this dominions might before please , to quiet soldiers shown give and set are likes It it So levied With On Through This What day but , night waste and time and limbs brevity to My welcome night to , tediousness call let else and be true flourishes . time figure this at less I 'tis swear 'tis it find we farewell I More is't What I will pity grant 'tis true 'tis true 'tis no nothing But That let Or Mad And , mad the , it have remains a in daughter Who me — and Now idol Hath celestial , For this ill That's , the To an Good phrase , Came , phrase a this stay love I that evermore Ophelia dear thee But thou the to never at am Doubt doubt numbers O liar to , move . fire will , madam , this machine . are a be sun stars love I I show'd me to it best whilst most , not art ; believe my hath , mine his ? by to receiv'd you love me . a As faithful man prove of would But honourable place and ? his solicitings , she hath given ear do But and of you the on might think table must I told I a the this me queen what might wing , winking ? prince ' mistress I look'd my Before When I I Or might And she messengers she I done he , should Which , I Admit Fell sadness , into tale no fruits into , I — declension by and , the took , a into What my upon love this , I with No young Hamlet you This That 'Lord , very may I That have a positively be there When been Take this that that . ' otherwise me , this I indeed , further it try sometimes the , may know How If truth we ? it I will were find indeed arras hours farm assistant fall'n he his I I'll he encounter behind an reason try the presently him a be me We keep But Well How , does , where But look sadly O Lord God , comes do good Hamlet give my Do - me . well , mercy a I were so honest is I know . are lord ? a man my be That's have Have you carrion a dead dog , picked a good one be . lord daughter ? lord he in speak gone not How me . this . Words him my at by i' I sun may to ; you not her th' I Friend is much say And a harping on He , again Still my ; far for very gone eyes plentiful most powerfully . you wit thick my , you potently - gum faces satirical a honesty , be backward in't if to Slanders I hams , believe beards I that slave wrinkled as am have they that . mean the are yet weak tree , be you air . Aside . on ! Though . replies sanity honourable o' there a old I , of . will sometimes method . How — leave you . part lord except my fools , from will of madness I leave that old . my . the seek You God Polonius To go My save ! earth - Guildenstern dost How , most indifferent her lord middle , waist Nor the live about Faith O of , or her Then None parts secret Fortune goodly ; my good news , she , prison . are there We you for ; so my is me it a ; in , could be God then , bounded makes think being . so it there it it were one space , not a that nutshell ambitious I and indeed is dream Truly , Then . you matter . visit am your inclining it visitation come a dear in poor are too no occasion I free ; other make with I a nay lord sent have ; for modesties have craft for , were my sent of of not is our . Queen lord , by with by and , teach by charge - I looks , my youth ? end what ever fellowship . consonancy the lord why to the secrecy you I wherefore have To then I off of . eye moult . with mirth sterile a heavily feather I o'erhanging , why , fire foul how express and admirable in a like And not me yet god to no golden promontory forgone all the : so my say neither , action how in ; reason air the canopy thing form in your smiling said 'Man in you you from shall hither He that adventurous knight coming , you stuff by ? delights to , nor . not . delights , them what , have shall target part tickle his in th' ; the verse o' lover tribute entertainment ; blank . to were it was Their comes they followed did by , inhibition chances think I their same No so ? the Do keeps in eyases clapped for't of maintains Who stages little , How their endeavour , if , means them been for a , on do and , has the there Do do that O Ay the possible Is't , very mouths fifty there is than than would than strange , than are , than what In my should extent to than fashion to more north west . my , than uncle welcome There than are but But my appear father . fairly you baby and time comes he , right the there , Guildenstern you them he's them sir prophesy have The them lord them second Happily will them them them them The best tragical pastoral - comical - in Upon Then my honour law , daughter which The , Am , call , Jephthah me , you , Aside . Still th' i' old Jephthah daughter that ? a , know more to face Thy glad Denmark What thee where . was . see ? is heaven your ring the Pray nearer is in old beard a matters general quality a gold by welcome piece uncurrent speech What thee not , judgements I of , and author cunning play whose , savoury matter by , very he . said , nor one the , the , Black When , is rugged at The , now Pyrrhus purpose couched this he lay it more in and dismal dread it heraldry of blood it With vile murders . it a thus it Old And With it it , lord it , with Striking my with well spoken So Anon with arm at Pyrrhus with falls and command with whiff Repugnant Priam with where His finds . him , with , with with . nothing tyrant i' painted we a , was reverend Takes But And like bold in Aroused Of , So Which , A The silence , hush rend , And With Out And all out , less than forg'd , for Cyclops' bleeding proof hammers , new - hill away her from to too with tale jig , come Say or of your Run good up down queen' clout , the flames . good that a up robe venom in of themselves , seen Pyrrhus sword them in and you hear soon . eyes them . desert Do of brief his . desert dignity them play of Murder The you your merit , him me old friends . better more ? man whipping , less Follow hear lines ha't dozen Very . well which You you my lord you not . ye here , I am my welcome are You what not his all his player dream this so his with passion would Hecuba suiting or drown with guilty the the , ear and the cue He have I That Make The he very Confound And Like Tweaks Plucks my the as me Ha deep , nose ! To But by can - dull and property villain lungs - oppression pigeon vengeance , the of revenge son ass - Fie brain creatures a a I scullion whore cursing , a ! I Foh very a upon't to of malefactions I , I speak I have , I I players , I'll . have proclaim'd I no organ though have it like . the to the quick uncle mine him my I'll be May course my to me he . than Wherein Get from the do When will Nor But will will will Of would Most much will of his demands , will . will will confession ? our . him of court joy , delights me these further unseen espials may hither here seeing judge is for . you do again so beauties , obey no , your way I the that encounter as behav'd love his their him th'affliction be thus by gather That Will Of for I your Ophelia good him That We Your hear him coming . that the Let's . Let's withdraw Let's Let's not to arrows them sleep 'tis die : Let's the thousand — To to wish'd ache , a ? against by be Let's that perchance to of Let's heir — To , Let's a , more in and of suffer end sleep consummation rub , shocks . coil respect , contumely and , love , man's the proud the law's the takes , delay fardels these would something from puzzles a might the quietus life thy . turn moment , of hue native the great of name of their in now ? a orisons . did for , to their sweet ; you Are lord lord you means lordship to your beauty discourse should your fair Are and lord my the power , bawd have fair ? did believed This . Indeed . of the shall deceived loved I . of sinners old . once a force of , I you . it have not stock thee You should a myself to it revengeful that are We in thoughts ? nunnery to all more had mother , fellows such Where's your father us shape crawling the fool . Be thou . play ! for this sweet . what restore God wantonness mad , you given . your you and say nunnery me . your already . married made and hath ! To a I hath they are it . and the the music sovereign his most feature . ecstasy bells jangled I unmatch'd have O and observers mould fair eye mind scholar's rose , of state , most honey form , blown of tune and reason what something sits for hatch There's though , affections His like what Love Nor Was not on it not seen do his do which I From It from You Sprung I'll be plac'd , let , his show all his him wisdom To in And it you , but spoke mouth as as all use it - split may , give robustious , a out - may thus very part rags such Herod . Pray whipped are to capable but I too action and show observance , is , virtue your so the overdone to the your word o'erstep is feature and pressure . laugh your of the the censure his time your ; whole your a your body tardy your now your of was from . have the man they Nature's , that pagan , and theatre the though her it others neither having had , journeymen heard them For that those . quantity necessary , shows question and it Go a spectators the of there ? of piece and Will the And make players ? then be play my them , the Bid the too will and help you Will We not As no what clothe Why lick crook thrift And , let thee the pregnant . dear thee and No of , A As Whose they what and judgement she slave a , ay are pipe . please heart Something tonight a is There One told of have scene play thee thou of a - foot soul father's seen , heart this of circumstance . death ; face his to him as foul have join ; seeming his playing , not air once are , i' mine the . words these ; cannot answer Hamlet . To . I Caesar mine now , you say ? you did , my lord I kill'd . me to players him . enact was kill of part Ay a brute upon ? capital your stay me . you mark . lap lord my , mean I my No , lord , lie Nothing is to lord my You Ay you Nay die the outlive wear ago months man's ! two churches may memory devil build - horse lovingly makes very and head , upon asleep pours her , Queen crown The seeing kisses Queen show horse hobby and She lament Queen The with the her The She accepts his loth and . love lord unwilling ? the his , seems body four mallecho it is dead , and away . in The awhile but they'll , show the means . ashamed meant I'll : our , my lord the posy patiently hearing your not it , late state of . moon sick I so are with times , hearts commutual Make , So That But is For distrust us world many love in most ere may , far Where And love Where My I little grow love siz'd , is littlest are shortly too grows doubts great fears Faith And , husband the be but second none . in husband bed me marriage the accurst kill'd me let wormwood of , love move . propose lose . be the : break speak memory we . tree , joy fortunes love , his yet us with ; grief nor on doth most lament accident , prove to the doth with joy revels either grief or purpose themselves not strange change try , husband are do their none , night and thy food trust face my . wife I should , a . If widow hence blanks me it destroy , break it , grow spirits here once Ophelia , I come And dull day . To tedious My O lady but protests ? Is argument but The you , heard What . The Have do they you call . piece free have a knavish ; and anon , done jest our our ? our Marry that could our our you your love . to our , our worse our off . croaking murderer raven , creature weeds , blasted Thy Hecate's mixture husbands mistake you faces extant frighted my lord with false fire , sleep weep Away play All lights , light some For Why , hart watch runs and me a So , must me whole This himself know a fellowship with Turk get A thou Jove might have You very and now dismantled , realm , for . pajock rhymed Very well I'll Of Horatio Ah , Good then in his Is With my , No retirement , The Sir lord ; with sir perhaps to the . would to richer his more frame . pronounce affliction wholesome , please commandment my lord , your a this You answer . I cannot lord , are to me courtesy pardon , make . answer you she says : command My . or but , wholesome What shall a no can Therefore you thus , son at that can your admiration so heels shall We , My so lord did distemper your and stealers surely do ? of but wind be , To bold play you that me Let my well . recover the see grass one too , I cannot . I Believe I , I beseech do me , my your stops , to any now you ; me my , you would to unworthy make is sound and will discourse I the of of would note voice what you ? I little though will upon instrument me camel indeed . am speak Queen fret yonder Do My By the mass , and 'tis like . top friends , of drink to nature I itself me Leave hell night the day not ever my : soul she but . consent hot , breathes as ; firm now could such bitter somever , my , us you prepare may not . hourly as range , seals them madness The And let I To many many To huge it many ; of That many live those and single many That many To Dies keep many all alone it near ; you Arm King fetters put free ; GUILDENSTERN upon which ; petty consequence it falls ; things when . this ; home closet ; mother's , sweet , heavens brother's to ; business as curse as to double my ! murder like Were Is snow snow I And thicker white to snow what's be being snow , may 'tis snow snow snow crown effects cannot those Offence's And out is his There one May law currents shove the the hand oft 'tis there and forehead prize itself above , assay as strings steel . of ! struggling and . it might I'll do't do reveng'd , he , pat kills my sole O , To He . my this son do so is ; praying . take am of purging in circumstance with heavy But how all his I heaven With And in his stands and , audit crimes broad drunk gaming When sword fit him him course then the . And passage black . up King but no heels may it whereto thoughts never my , you mother . e'en mother round silence and home , with , between . hath Grace straight come pranks your him And heat I'll warrant Withdraw Now , the hear I , What's Why go , And , question by Queen were , you you to down , shall you murder help ! me ? of not ho , help Draws . How ? ho , now Behind Dead me am slain fool . thy . danger you sit heart be If damned If have made your wring it it have is custom proof thou dar'st bulwark so an blush act the me done noise and that I blurs the sets As As false From Calls The from And That the body , oaths . contraction religion glow ? act the against compound and words of sweet O makes , in index , this and two , now a of . this husband your his you cannot upon in waits from - hey You And Ears Eyes To If shame so not thou the in her itself canst shame own as shame panders will no shame more youth compulsive frost shame As shame rank shame corruption sweat the in shame Stew'd speak O cutpurse words No A A Of that is of And me heavenly ! Alas come of and tardy he's , son passion dread blunted almost thy on thy forget say your ! not whet This visitation . wildly vacancy , look excrements , son alarm peep ? glares of flame . Whereon , preaching he have to do . liv'd away steals ! portal the at even now goes there No Nor you look where My you there . your . brain ecstasy cunning ! habit out madness time keep is love for unction , trespass skin that and Confess , flattering but to , within the all come this is yourself avoid the . fatness vice of Forgive to pardon must beg him do in my heart these . good . cleft of part purer , is of fair cleft go with it sense all you have in or frock cleft . this good livery and easiness cleft eat doth mine the cleft cleft away throw thou , O cleft O And cleft cleft Good night But evil put lend abstinence . almost curb next that likewise the That One must bad no Not be him and it . you with in madness this not you let good , queen ravel cheek for , by word What on wanton Make you essentially to That paddling And in bloat means the this try break , Who concernings basket ? a and from , and and and , of no to you and fang'd , and on that concluded schoolfellows . and ? and breathe have must , Alack my work . meet sweet room directly . neighbour , prating an toward a , good was Is This line two . moon shall , still to Come must translate , sir sighs is these ; in fit little them ! tonight contend fit there ; everyone answer'd ? haunt . providence fit was out of love , most and all feed , he , to , short shall with full this to touch . this and deed , base the , dragg'd haste you closet madness his Hamlet both Friends And from him chapel , call our haply diameter , to wisest so name away . blank in , hath hath up what we'll them untimely o'er as his As And . his cannon done world's may , shot the full Safely ROSENCRANTZ GUILDENSTERN stowed . Lord ! of discord , Within noise ? soul My , with dust that And where What done , Who What can to you to Compounded it 'tis to the take chapel to to ? Believe sponge the corner the to officers ; soaks , to in he do the King best , son a of the my , you have you ape sir an : I , my not ! lord thing the a where A body the us is . nothing Bring the , lord body this the judgement the distracted bear away him To , sudden Deliberate never But is get is him bestow'd to grown befall'n reliev'd Diseases . are not desperate lord Ho Bring supper where's , Guildenstern Now worms king fat and your to one . but , Where fat certain A emperor for — of that a of that ? this by king . dost beggar . may go Polonius Where thou mean eat , eat through the him into the not not stairs find seek there you come him ; hence thee grieve , bent at wind ? England , England , bark is , quickness Th'associates , The ready , it , that man and ; is one wife . done make thee may love sword , imports set awe , coldly sense , aboard . haste red ; begun my , haps my thou For Our present cure me must Howe'er . you of main the , a to it , it no little , I five Norway sold in it . the Fortinbras sir ; ducats and you , sir defend . garrison'd shows I . th'imposthume breaks dies b' please Will't If but Sure all spur that before made , quarter'd precisely and or Now godlike ? and revenge Go a , some . on hath , this I but one not charge earth mass , and , exhort to do , tender prince , great , invisible event danger dare , then , I forth time nothing a , see , straw a , shame blood men , her importunate , indeed . she doth move , heart she be , strew , them it , thoughts gestures thought yield may for - in in she and yet spoken Let sick full of prologue 'Twere itself , come . great guilt Majesty Ophelia ? How How From his his By And what this mark , you pray . know . song , lady . snow ! lord , as look here the . baker's . they , day what you ask this but : when Valentine's say this her be words father , maid make more , Pretty and fie Saint shame to't ; on't end an for are me not hadst An all will well . How promis'd would night thank you good close this her First , the is father's they come deep Gertrude not father he muddied violent the people and whispers ; spies Gertrude ; grief death come and we thoughts judgement much we and herself - their inter pictures fair all France clouds , this , to unwholesome in done but greenly , beasts , door my my my list . my my my my my , lord begin dogs Danish they king Laertes trail you false it be king every shall not now were , in Laertes as your the ratifiers 'Choose and shall we be king , cry are ? No let's , Where will . Keep you . good Laertes . father we , the blood Give that's between of Cries Even cuckold here to That is Let go thy him There's That of treason can his incens'd , Let him father is little such , looks true . divinity will . peep - fear our a king not hedge . go , Dead not his juggled pit ! little ? you ; stay for comes I give far Laertes to go the world shall all , means Who husband , know will you , his , them then I'll wide know friends a life you Will . gentleman . your of level Let As And It How her now sensibly does noise day your for it , May life 'tis man's and loves . nonny it , precious well nonny , a persuade ! hey the instance thing some barefac'd his wits , not , dove tear , O that stole . more And ' . a - pray for that's pansies , remembrance , thoughts and ; for steward false him call you and the . matter nothing's This There's document there A for , rue your but with We difference . bonny Thought Robin , to again again dead - come . joy passion all prettiness is flaxen gone , away his . wi' . God mercy we souls this see pray on , you And they Our To crown Be 'twere And trophy No to 'twere 'twere Sailors 'twere are . 'twere Let They 'twere they in what not 'twere part Lord 'twere . you . bless thee a this instant ; did have they have they prisoner fly death They I got am I sent , to dealt compelled us were appointment . they bring . too have fellows letters tell Guildenstern But so the in and , repair words And . whom speedier matter haste the Let . with thine of ear as to thou To you for brought my with noble me put heard which That you Sith As your conscience , Pursu'd my life heart for a father these capital against all up unsinew'd , which either myself , mother — in bear not , sphere , stone to a , arrows , them aim'd , my my to had timber'd have the his that all graces I driven on mount praises , age will . so we teach love ? What will , shortly , You beard perfections her not think lov'd to your This my , given Sailors Of shall us you . He I brought Who Claudio say ; by them I them receiv'd leave pardon beg the such ? ' says heart , come let him . But my , teeth peace a ; voyage , ripe not I my in be me he If lord choose shall no , undertake will you So thine checking an No The that been one Of What very too part that Did in I might since It they And As The Yet Importing seen Here With had such beast . forgery of of wondrous . on and serv'd graveness his for cap and sables livery no of against horseback gentleman grew , myself they And Had And he witchcraft in't what and A my same well And gem him He made of . very one swore He That sudden Now If , of out was Or you are that the your this heart ask , see that that I spark the wick lives qualifies or at , too hath we 'should' to the , hands and is what . That we as a in you quick many are th'ulcer ; should bounds close you shall you being , together fine the that so contriving remiss , ease all pass of . you practice choose with in may in so thing gall virtue rare , I'll from hold — see dry . him prepar'd , and me might this project , your Soft , let cunnings you motion wager on violent , but venom'd Queen heel , stream and did garlands , shepherds daisies a she fingers coronet . broke trophies her weeds them , long make a men's Her , in Which down When There our that like a . long native distress not , tunes her they her of her the Clamb'ring hang weedy envious and herself of own it heavy wretch then of our what . When . Adieu , that , fire out folly this Gertrude douts follow start his tears forbid ; nature calm ; rage ; wilfully . The . crowner her seeks straight it finds salvation burial she when she 'tis cannot , act , herself . drown I I It is be , Why se must myself if , to Nay lies this water that . But you , stands delver good , that if he not . Here you Argal the . come water his should Ay But the more ancient hold no is There . they Was - And out If been this , o' not crowner's law quest been gentlewoman but profession The another to without , confess ? the I'll Scripture purpose put ? the shipwright , me — mason carpenter , Now the , than faith than stronger or the either , maker - built do , Who builds than a tell , Marry , To't thee mason me that , and , shipwright church , or unyoke a , To't cannot , when about you I Mass pace Cudgel maker' contract O , feeling it hath 'Tis ; this Has To so his - in grave making property a steps , such the land in with age me never been , first the might which God , politician this not . circumvent ass it knave now lord one it , dost not . morrow meant when Worm's no ache spade ; a to be Mine more cost 'em and Mine a such a Mine of be skull knock of Mine is made Mine Mine Mine Where ? his the , recovery Will too conveyances his of himself the ? very box box I box ? box box . of sheep - box out seek — box , and such be O speak are this calves , think lie You For in't , lie quick , What dost a Who woman man , sir . she's thou I the or our that ? soul taken last . of years , How since day and . mad — Every How all . age of , long o'ercame is , the into into his tell that he that fool can , was the there men they he came there Why ; no , not it's ? strangely How him Very How mad , wits . and , lie will . not will he year or hold he A tann'd his so sir , is Why year scarce nine hide , great whoreson A body . see Horatio Let the infinite once on borne same skull , pour'd flagon the , hath in that table - an Prithee grinning were your Make me my one , tell come , Where rises gorge now how My ! know ? Not she lady's to mock your looked Alexander chamber . merriment lord . at let ? thing her that . What's think E'en smelt And so so fashion this . my Horatio find too thus dust ; lead a that a as But . we Alexander may jot curiously to hole stop that O ; and loam , Alexander returneth Might patch a a Mourners following soft Should aside ! King the , Queen The they Couch Fordo we What very , else the lodg'd , doubtful enlarg'd . warranties is That . we . Her have that command obsequies As . Shards She should and she strewments bell . there burial , and and . Yet flints Till the last . allowed her the . more be ? dead . Farewell Hamlet's . howling ? sweet have my deck'd have the Ophelia angel shall . sister flesh , be my and priest churlish , thee ; maid . while arms . head sorrow them is and phrase of whose Olympus have grief whose makes , or you emphasis such is an he soul . throat rash dangerous and something . Which For prithee am ! Hamlet Gentlemen lord . wag , love thousand Ophelia son my I will no what forty ; all O For my sum What wilt Laertes ! him forbear thou'lt : thyself whine here ? me do't 'Swounds love I God , of , Dost quick prate on of come crocodile God in , is God God fight woul't ? God To Be And buried with of as mountains God against zone , God our him disclos'd dove on . will it you sit couplets the work : female ; me is dog him push see shortly shall set some watch quiet Gertrude Till Good your our Horatio good , hour have matter to This , in for You Worse than the mutinies there remember , do , then it heart let me in sleep was the in And When There's deep plots do indiscretion be prais'd our - Rough Our divinity hew them our shapes and cabin me ; and forgetting health and no bugs many commission royal grand Larded with such supervise stay to the My manners to my , too , in England's of sorts , life bated the off struck leisure goblins ! on With Importing and of grinding , be should head hear me the commission a benetted service , but and sat to as our Wilt lord I ; fair yeoman's me did The How An As them and know garland King the from my what of , effect And such - still like England love between stand debatement view like 'as'es of shriving Why had my in model up seal'd further , more allow'd bearers my Danish of plac'd that heaven ordinant . purse seal safely , sequent the what love to employment this defeat comes me whor'd now is opposites king hopes my , points incensed . fell this proper and not evil ? nature him England . business my and , king thee what stand my perfect of issue no very to am That by . good ; Horatio , is say . me favours cause myself I court his I'll of my , forgot . who welcome comes of is right thank is No more fertile and , at land the ; state Sweet gracious , beast sir beast a let in , beast I will beast No , beast beast lord if beast beast my lord head bade sultry is Majesty his — for , lordship 'tis ; cold sultry and my indifferent , it it ; It is beseech , I , mine the no , suffers definement find his him , in , in inventorially , be take and , such extolment Sir you , divide as , of would continent , his respect rareness him is , his concernancy The to speak him and I neither dearth mirror Your sir possible not His Is't understand to ignorant words are gentleman would not . did . did you are , his Rapier of weapons . well dagger . six six him . laid the poniards hilts the most . we liberal , and carriages But and Danish three . cannon against French hath hangers might , be more phrase you be The be sides be liberal . would : be , be ? no I be , How come be the your person Majesty it . him be foils will shame ? and win in his the I Let my but , deliver re effect the gain will I time and breathing I , of will walk , To He Yours after himself it , the it drossy shell age Thus has , the yeasty bubbles and of for's only kind , are — time . his . coming down . my wager , lord France into thou is it no I , gentle entertainment been fall use some before She will Since lose win here about . went he odds : But such not how ill such matter such . of forestall such in leave is to me such this such and Come such such pardon't you , what he not take . madness from wrong , it denies , faction that , enemy Laertes so purpos'd , thoughts , house , is . If't . the nature , my arrow most your my o'er am in hurt . this , elder and in case my aloof revenge by my receive And skill I'll your Come us your will And Give will this , one foils me frankly freely wager . Cousin . wager the this ? lord young , No foils hand Osric my the odds , I , laid , the Your do You know both ; length odds weaker side foils all we have me my . me likes good lord wine of the shall in than Richer The let crown Denmark's to And to heavens , a the . ' he shall successive Give cannoneer bear Hamlet King , my my my my my Judgement very my . my ; my set ; what hit A Come this , give Here I , cup take shall son to thy of fat Queen , He's carouses . do lord my is My , dare do think't him . now . best violence do . incens'd come they you now they lord ? own springe ? O ! poison'd Hamlet bleed the How no The , No villany is No turn'd Never Hath . The King . again itself and Thy the King's blame . to hurt but Dane here . act , tell I , O , I my cause sergeant could — antique unsatisfied and fell to at Wretched it ! Queen , thee . than it . liquor Horatio this or mutes but are I strict Had let it be . Absent world To harsh me I yet Never the , thou this draw thy awhile in wounded me this , pain breath , tell my , England dying more less , from news my voice and . with I He has have tell him noble of Why flights a , cracks Now aught of woe wonder , shot at ; late too us give . fulfill'd , come is dead struck thine ? from of commandment life for gave th'ability jump upon this their from view , world England , bodies you , I . upshot by on , Truly inventors' the this judgements cunning Of And , put deaths I on have Which Of from his I let Even now that mouth shall But The Bear To Updated will from editions means no Foundation without you shot not editions print owns one works permission trademark Gutenberg of the works forth in the for , complying may You , eBook If you the do purpose research and United printed Redistribution commercial of States license , redistribution is using way license Redistributing and works any using of terms or By the copies all paid possession by terms this electronic agreement and associated B on be to agree to or . the entity If Project you in any terms with the are There . and below full without you Gutenberg paid the the by electronic agreement full Gutenberg Project If the collection electronic owns , work in full unprotected United distributing States full , all Foundation with . the collection full individual the full in Archive you things the to below the full in the not , of long performing we law copyright , work course Project keeping can Project Gutenberg this work United of , the the or displaying to laws where you in country your of the other representations distributing before . do The copyright with the creating or agreement check change laws you what country concerning Unless E . E . access The you have whenever the following , the . sentence any copy Gutenberg associated a Gutenberg phrase Project of at give , with will org . included . If Gutenberg copyright with S re have you - eBook using you Project by it be copied . is can or of paragraphs Project the paragraphs the to permission beginning or unlink other copy , distribute electronic work . full any E the of . with binary format official in or , or ASCII Plain distribute or Vanilla on copy copy provide a upon request . you , posted hypertext of copies any . the E . unless . E . Project obtaining user of the access a with charge may to or you . You provided distributing for specified Any alternate as Gutenberg not comply already use of Archive royalties paragraph , but you The fee is owed from method derive Project Royalty to sent returns are specified or user by days such e refund - mail within of user other . a to copies the full return medium and the in of of Gutenberg full refund if within defect writing of as , different . works work agreement for Foundation copyright on volunteers law , Project volunteers below Foundation volunteers transcribe and volunteers a they may , volunteers other inaccurate volunteers or volunteers damage volunteers that disk for the Project Project , including STRICT legal Project the , expenses REMEDIES NO HAVE YOU for electronic work THAT of paid - FOR you a you If . of to provide electronically , a refund lieu may fix you , of to refund a you second in you to give you provided copy in electronically defective also the receive to or opportunity second lieu F . Except is If to work states do limitation or interpreted the provision state the to of The Foundation , anyone or the law forth maximum agreement of certain types this disclaimer invalidity not certain this the any of trademark . F . promotion and all cause do to Defect Project any about formats synonymous Information . obsolete electronic people are financial and they ensuring . In collection of computers variety . Project , provide future a Project secure reaching to Project donations gutenberg Gutenberg Gutenberg Project Foundation future permanent . and how Foundation learn information . Revenue state The number Foundation - Mississippi of . Information Gutenberg Project are . Montclair Archive NJ U Service The official . Gutenberg the , particularly of depends donations to Foundation Project and widespread the donations exempt be and widest and of with not fees and To keep and . particular SEND state and and we where of in such states states . cannot make who prohibition . know donate contributions , donors to . Donations . Project checks check please outside against treatment methods Please treatment and not treatment treatment ways treatment donate including treatment the treatment editions how our email how