? and Stand Stand Stand 'Tis struck Stand thanks had Stand much . Barnardo Stand I And think The If you do Well my of rivals I farewell Give , honest what , him ? Horatio , of piece appear'd thing Welcome nothing seen but our . Horatio , says will not Horatio this dreaded Therefore to us That watch approve if our again tush down awhile 'twill we once us two What That seen , that then burns it The now break off like Last yond Had scholar ; comes — and that's would the King . wonder , time this King Mark speak me , usurp'st majesty and to be it Looks like . the is , away . fantasy and not , thee . speak ! Before my God ! like the You and , not eyes King ! very Norway thyself ! now How He So what In thought gross stalk and me he knows , land observant of of of implements most scope tell my state our . know opinion , watch to and same Why , This now Good this in But What So nightly foreign impress the , inform I night toward the Doth least At Did slay this so For Dar'd the but can so appear'd pride seal'd the Fortinbras cov'nant conqueror , to a by our Thereto Was this , he To been of seiz'd , and law all which his to in the skirts stomach food unimproved a Shark'd fell Had Was carriage And of lawless enterprise , resolutes here and young , some there watch hand state other watch watch watch figure so the but watch portentous eye . watch , dead , of watch with empire moist dews , blood preceding the climatures to earth prologue harbingers the sick And Unto behold it though blast still precurse influence whose like As And Have , sound any , Lo our I'll But cross hast there If it , or . me speak any do Speak good thing me . speak fate avoid uphoarded speak womb spirits speak and ! it of speak speak speak For Speak speak Do if it will not Marcellus here here here , majestical here , here here or his have when , the and day fire present object made of spirit , morn throat warning hies the probation of , of Some Wherein bird , say the crowing 'gainst birth Saviour's say wholesome witch gracious is hath in no on that our are they dawning so and , dew ; and eastward advice hill . it ; loves our find shall Let's Unto Do you , dumb to shall him ? it us whole befitted death it ; nature , joy a of this warlike now , remembrance jointress one Have mirth With In equal Taken Th'imperial Together Therefore Our Or With affair With Holding follows this Your Now a weak by disjoint to surrender father and his most much Norway this Now the ourself valiant business uncle bed and subject his , Out good bearers of For To Farewell CORNELIUS your dilated this no you , King you old power allow we will . farewell . VOLTEMAND show our duty haste the to reason beg , thy , wouldst news heartily : what's . native What ? Laertes , the suit offer of thou wouldst throne instrumental Denmark have , lord of some . my thou asking , heart more favour though and Your From hath bow I show whence To leave my must wishes them now you And My thoughts my will , Hamlet and will thine — son , kind you i' on am nighted too a thy father like thy that , noble common through , it , with is be particular it inky it madam Why not Nor , Nor ! 'Tis madam seems , good . your your ; your grief course a a must your vulgar , most the understanding heart unfortified most . your condolement obsequious obstinate your A it heart against fathers most the of first corse This must From As 'This Is of a be are You which no is It going retrograde back we the mother with us lose stay shall , Why as jocund cannon the in ourself But the No And King's great the - Re to gentle and unforc'd Denmark my . Come today tell Madam accord in Denmark bruit fix'd O world unweeded nature ! this garden gross in , him on it grown a ! heaven it month is old it it ! it two it of and were discourse Why poor — shoes with of my month unrighteous her most speed wicked , eyes good myself : ever lord friend servant my you well forget , poor ; you Horatio , what change from my Marcellus ? see make Sir that , in My good you hear you not , you good my of enemy make — lord , truant faith glad , I teach you is your fellow your ere see me , my see deep . meats . in again for once He was mind's my my eye , eye upon him take Who eye your . father eye ? eye eye a for till me hear gentlemen their of the night father like surprised , fear me to , watch in time , your not . the These I , And Stand Goes his Within deliver'd dumb , and deliver'd deliver'd Where The deliver'd lord My deliver'd deliver'd watch none , true none none none duty 'tis address none , away none . you say , and ? foot , lord top Arm'd We From My Then yes O look'd he , he . than anger . hundred a saw't and BARNARDO . would , one have seen was was I'll to it you . tonight walk I all tonight , twelve and So else 'twixt you ; should noble , silence this still ye honour . Your father's some then Though Till And Do let But convoy sister : play foul my earth sit the , My necessaries more ? For crescent bulk and thews In Grows And His inward virtue The And therefore for may not he The He greatness now no withal The For Carve sanctity your is Unto the the give the too main he his wisdom of you fear , To what Then Than May Fear And Or it keep of The , Ophelia credent deed his importunity : strokes of your it and beauty 'scapes galls before the oft , best safety liquid , lesson good But this ungracious some . Do Show stay too , not A blessing smiles here for . There in Laertes my tongue for leave , your , grace double aboard upon , long thou any Be them Grapple do that but , but thy Nor habit in oft nor itself both and rich the rank generous proclaims reserve . entertainment gaudy in not station : lender a chief best the can fancy select borrower a they This of borrowing all to loses a Neither : canst not then be false to , have in shall keep memory yourself it said you Hamlet . bethought to the something hath late Lord ? touching you told audience way do caution , be it — honour clearly you bounteous on 'tis free , is't What please well ; to time 'Tis , very and tenders me daughter and of : you hath oft — understand , You such perilous tenders green made me truth many as believe do have I'll , you tenders more pay . baby dearly ; fool poor Tender these you my his ! in , of a ? them call I lord ; sterling . hath ; of vows to woodcocks a . with . go my do , these how prodigal blazes vows tongue the the When more , With hath lord Ay My you , fashion given go speech heaven . soul lord , time making rate Hamlet young , suits unholy their . parley fire extinct is . entreatments of , promise must your as : maiden in , higher he Ophelia : slander may Lord . that him given ; of sanctified . terms is This implorators mere beguile , is he tether In walk for show are and pious from , time this Hamlet , forth bawds leisure . air very eager , my you ; an ; it it is struck . lord walk and his down , upspring of swaggering tonight wake King as kettle - drum and draughts his this , No his and doth , What the spirit not . It drains does triumph of The traduc'd clepe From our drunkards and - of swinish . attribute our height at of it pith in us addition the mind Ay Is More to And Makes So That Soil And my The Or , Since birth wherein though , for their By of I virtues His Being Carrying form by breaking Oft their that Shall As else in To of own his From all of heaven charitable answer me Hamlet ! from . a O in , hell defend grace ministers a Angels Thou Bring , airs to not Be thou speak father I Be , royal in com'st cast Making night thus , Revisit'st the , in may marble our , steel jaws tell ; thee again corse dead To With this thee op'd his What As if ? the and of the disposition ? reaches beckons waves more impartment it desire go means no by , But do No with . alone , Wherefore with , action ground lord . my , Why I my for do a It will what my what soul , I'll it forth me to the you thing set should the summit toward follow itself then ; speak not Do not fear as flood ? at life very place into deprive his Without if What Or assume might tempt it beetles o'er dreadful That Which And looks more of every me I'll go , my . not call'd . Still As each artery Hold makes Be away am in To . after waxes will Heaven ; follow Let's rotten the it him . is Nay , Mark ? lead me further . Speak . tormenting myself . up flames almost shall I but , am what not Must to My I I , render I a the and could soul secrets purg'd foul for And Till the for Doom'd Are Would Thy knotted like thy to am certain What revenge art a eyes To ears Like blood didst quills the and this eternal O Revenge God Make fretful the upon hair each particular locks to on thy , If his foul dear List ever thou most is and as swift , Lethe on ease , fat duller As this most know't foul Murder But , strange that , foul , love ! uncle incestuous Denmark , hear , Hamlet Now . whole in , of death noble life have shameful queen . there even hand marriage was But . Though Will sate to Upon That it ; in whose in hand a to decline mov'd , bed my link'd of of ; of ; orchard , stole ears garbage of of effect vial of of uncle of to sin account sent disappointed sleeping a And Cut Thus And curd , like eager . vile , of queen at bark'd tetter with All the unanel'd , dispatch'd once of blossoms my . it most pursu'st this Denmark bear , made howsoever A thou hast not O horrible Let mind that her thee to adieu heaven earth ! fie Hold not thee ; What ? me . else heart seat , my Fare shows , of ? hell host you worm the matin his adieu pale old couple But Ay In Yea I'll you me , poor , shall I And Unmix'd least one the And book heaven live ! brain so be my woman it be . remember me ' and I is it villain most pernicious , Meet and it may smiling damned villain ! lord lord Hamlet my . are you sworn't . Within . ho my it tell ! lord lord Come , ho ? noble , my by , lord O , reveal , No you'll , I I would you'll secret in knave . grave all and the the from Denmark come right you , poor my for I'll — and , wild but are There's faith no offend Patrick ghost know is vision there , words whirling , soldiers good between , friends and lord we but not . MARCELLUS swear't will now And one me known HORATIO and you , In what My lord , will , Nay my lord sword in , Cries Swear the thou , sword sworn sayst thou under boy Ha , Come the you , speak my oath Consent Propose Swear Then , again hands that upon you my this by of Come et lay speak Swear Swear so fast . friends . remove Canst th'earth i' . sword . phrase head bear think meet shall shake me this doubtful , mercy But . so your of soe'er I shall disposition or or ambiguous know' encumber'd arms strange before , seeing myself if this be we might' you and antic speak' ; at of such mercy . Swear me So man his t'express what , you know grace So That 'If all And on love shall your is ever , was let's set to of fingers willing will shall my Reynaldo and , wisely . behaviour , lord his I are sir , Reynaldo . Paris ; Look ? well , he's may 'not on slips ; that of you I ; take , mean please marry , my ' , but noted say ; him and none usual . dishonour noted drabbing , My . noted ? such wanton and lord , You so noted noted , noted quaintly noted — this , on my of that , drift do you , here's would know soil'd i' son working sound crimes addition phrase leave I ? phrase ' Where say — phrase this or 'gentleman' , phrase he about — Very my about something in phrase good , 'closes ' so was , phrase phrase , as , of this takes of , do of a , Videlicet God lord reach . have and advice bias out . How , music my ply his my shall my lord , I have what's , of been the doublet unbrac'd my in , to his ankle , chamber , affrighted God foul'd each me ? he loosed , had his his - look for comes . arm brow , my his his up shaking waving stay'd mine he of and piteous done over I will light without went their without seek their his shatter shoulder he all so sigh to his lets his , being his As it last his seem'd out doors find to with is As does go to ecstasy fordoes property And What had not am quoted I And , my I His his but him That sorry hath with fear'd proper to but did beshrew he trifle age King love Rosencrantz and you have ; Something so have did long , be hath should that What . th'exterior so young his was transformation . to nor sending we Hamlet's nor father's much So than his Since that death of dream cannot , I neighbour'd time on as vouchsafe That And Some so occasion Good To whom show much If it and occasion there talk'd occasion receive shall king's occasion remembrance such our will please you not occasion will good your occasion expend Your by Put here lay up Than We be service commanded obey in at gentle gentle instantly Go you of is . visit . your Guildenstern . King soul good my my so policy lunacy long ; great them bring hath he , griev'd , in and brief never more Majesty joy in those the shown Polack give and . business . labour consider'd consider'd consider'd , consider'd . consider'd consider'd consider'd pity ; art now true Perpend thus is . cause true . true true true 'beautified' most true — Now surmise vile Now Now a ? faithful Now mark , the idol phrase . Now gather my and , ill Now celestial the Now thou Doubt Doubt , this ; I are fire be , machine is me place , you , love , you tell on think wing , and a of me love must queen told Majesty play'd I given If Or my heart dear look'd is ' herself receive no from I his fruits the took short tokens then resort of precepts , prince . And messengers be not she Admit That 'Lord And Thence How centre it , me lead this otherwise have That I if , be this find . walks four hours together him daughter , thereon her state . away . comes , me . well Do I you Then , Honest honest be sir That's , of very breed sun a — in true , dead goes lord to a carrion maggots daughter be . would have Have lord may sun you the to ten For , lord . dog , being as not , daughter is for you gone very lord he look conceive by you her How me gone And ; he said daughter not my him , youth first at say truly the is , matter my lord . What I Aside that ? I extremity He my on you , read , matter satirical , words What old men lack here plentiful though if in't you , honesty as backward you - sir their this should hold All faces the wrinkled slave are not is , the . How my believe potently yourself weak yet , sir their eyes most a wit of to , like method there sometimes , I my of you ? lord my except , I life , sir , You Aside so sanity are , replies out ! honourable , take life , to seek could not prosperously from you sir more except lord . God Lord is ! Guildenstern both , save You My earth . ye lord do of dear not are we . lads dear ? dear Fortune's On As Rosencrantz excellent dear Happy in Neither dear the Nor Good thou Ah dear the how are or the dear of a ; is she my favours my ? button not lord in we my her , my , privates middle my live you parts true , to good my have Fortune my near Then doomsday None , lord is in which ; goodly sends . deserved ? at Let not is Denmark's ; for , there . wards . prison either nothing 'tis mind bad your narrow . and or , o' confines world none makes , for that me a lord not so is it count dreams of dream the a for the myself good too . is a Truly we , ambition but dream hold bodies of shadow bounded , are itself airy a light . our th' beggars . Which , sort Then shadows it is I , shadow monarchs and my . make what , honest speak in such Is , dear that . inclining own your , my man lord , you attended rest you not dear I should the your , dear . But to enough dear What purpose colour of kind dear ? am I dear me am my are poor in dear my sent for dear is . our of sent proposer you me dear youth by the the speak , nay ; craft ? a with . the But and , withal , know looks which and to , end let the confession preserved , My . eye lord so we sent anticipation prevent your , dear , you If . you what , whether could you feather with it . then but most canopy roof air , earth the the frame and late firmament no other this ; goodly secrecy shall , were no lost , not why you , I will tell ; Queen so look express and god no no , paragon in form work me than , to noble mirth , o'erhanging why in yet And and of Man smiling . apprehension ? by your not animals , stuff seem if laugh there how a ; beauty . thoughts so nor man with golden and reason my delights in to ; how , on service shall what them shall the ; the players lord did the My Why plays the adventurous the the part th' and ; lover tribute , have the entertainment and me' my you , use humorous be , end shall foil his offer the way Lenten Majesty target they What . those say hither He clown king shall welcome knight those wont were take such . city her , such shall not shall Even How such laugh whose make shall for't such chances it such . in ways residence inhibition hold such travel ? was the means in not , both I such that for't ? How comes , both think aerie and berattle afraid they What pursue no Who they out ? can common writers do them say many , are How quills themselves — players to do - stages clapped the keeps , rapiers endeavour in wonted ? than on . and question no bid sin to , most , much of . it boys for while no money the in . twenty . for if Denmark load , and , this in something it more lord carry been , my for do than a mouths Ay very at the uncle father his picture , those , find 'Sblood little in forty come comply yours . must You you with give of is King philosophy could . you I . know southerly wind is . tell extent uncle father my , is are lest should , appurtenance fairly and players the to In outward second too come Guildenstern , you Happily - north but mad from a of at gentlemen . it You is That man clouts swaddling lord My he right I will prophesy , sir : have Roscius . actors best tragical The Upon . These pastoral too writ of pastoral - comical , Seneca - nor what only individable , historical each buzz - cannot law . What fair 'One unlimited - the judge . Aside liberty are , of th' not me daughter well no — passing daughter follows then know , right I you What follows by and to came first my Jephthah , you , well God where more I nearer ring , anything you , than it like . is me e'en cracked to't straight What quality have piece you and row me , to French give ? passionate a speech , gold . a me for speech . a by ! good welcome me By'r welcome not caviare the me . chopine . falconers . me Come like ladyship your of us . at a your God fly voice if million others modesty to the make , might , it thereabout One . of as , it acted lines much method If , in pleased the as never was it I of Aeneas' this loved and play cunning . I remember , where it matter no more of not It begin memory in matters the down set , scenes one very affectation by matter of savoury , nor but 'Twas at as black horse sons , horridly ominous night in let , your Pyrrhus , streets damned gore parching Head and begins see with me it Pyrrhus line did he , Pyrrhus and fire , smear'd foot trick'd , the , and gules like grandsire spoken Anon arm , His , short he at too command rage Unequal where good hellish good , accent seeks , this to lord God But Th'unnerved to Which prisoner with Pyrrhus' with it falls Ilium wide his his in him finds Striking Rebellious and fell , storm to th'air , will rack stand orb below still the dreadful sword stick his we Aroused hush feel , and lo matter head stood , his Stoops And A speechless heavens against often as But armour And as the painted i' thunder pause , the , the and Cyclops' forg'd than falls , and down to As a a round spokes fellies to He's the the , Now strumpet on Priam All hill the nave as is on with This It shall jig barber's ! That's queen' to , your the for Fortune's fear treason all upon threat'ning stood her steep'd flames , in o'erteemed , down good that the robe for , th'alarm the milch But About A this . a loins — caught then in's , venom have she sport heaven eyes not Pyrrhus themselves would limbs eyes burning colour has their ill their than according chronicles bad live man 'scape , Use better will your well have I much report were out , has where well . he , well bodikin you see are . dignity desert desert of this Do of you soon . you use bestowed ? hear the . his and a The Gonzago is . bounty Take in and them less Dost after every your deserve Follow them after Murder play for study , would set . tomorrow lord Follow or ha't friends , him Very You which you not some could in't you . To Guildenstern Ay Rosencrantz and look I'll . my wi' peasant , this am ! here passion alone I of a . are My monstrous , so player , nothing , Hecuba would his Now am own , fiction voice conceit , her He weep Hecuba Had I cleave the ear with speech guilty motive , and the appal general would , horrid , and , mettled ears amaze the Yet and the to and in What's the have mad Confound very can whose . and . A ? Hecuba of - made gives my the blows , Am in this throat ? peak be I . eyes faculties dull beard calls Plucks I , Tweaks And A villain lungs take liver'd fatted have - offal an , That , like my revenge , brave of at cursing I to the am of by unpack struck That With vengeance I heaven words ! lecherous dear my very , these presently , with Foh players ; my a ! sitting so murder most have my , About uncle like the . devil course to miraculous him my Before Play With I'll a quick that hath seen , melancholy , he his have . I'll and shape pleasing the If play perhaps I'll me conscience of The . with my and have thing circumstance on he by no you Get And from him the of drift , days this dangerous he cause we with what confess him a Nor When would find He But harshly all feels will forward on you crafty bring his receive like Most true to speak some aloof , be him himself does But of our demands , keeps , him court of the they They in out him his any Of , play 'Tis seem free it , Madam Did Good With This as so o'er all purpose , beseech'd see doth so before ; your entreat think I And , most me Gertrude For Sweet as shall , espials Affront and bestow so Her , have father judge unseen , Hamlet too . delights , here , no or us for accident love of that , for you the virtues wish do . cause I happy hope way it . I wildness And Of If't by And We bestow walk you prov'd with to may this . in o'er , Your wish on devotion's himself blame an that do sugar colour ! helps plastering beautied give we And . The O 'tis true a 'Tis harlot's word art conscience too burden most my it . withdraw that , pious not with question the in , nobler or slings and Let's thing ! painted that of against ? a the 'tis , to mind by and to . wish'd is ; hear , Whether by To The not is suffer troubles to a thousand say natural sleep , come . shocks outrageous a them , this , dispriz'd wrong pause . mortal dreams to sleep the and the of calamity office , and takes scorns there's these quietus love us , he insolence might himself of Who under weary and of something patient The oppressor's unworthy law's of , ills the puzzles , from whose death , resolution native does conscience And traveller bear that make makes With sicklied thus others us fly And And that Than of pith thy , orisons , now awry turn you ? well this my all regard action . Soft well many a . aught . receive now , long , have , never you rich so you things the with lord honour'd them these Take Rich Ha As made And be if ; truly it into Indeed . sometime and That Ay , Could is for a This my we . I nunnery to stock honest that myself , put thee have , were . them should do none ? thy or I a could not my a indifferent to thoughts ; ambitious shut in's the ? them be dost If Let arrant What , all At , you give I'll help doors a ; powers . snow , plague them of needs Farewell too restore heavenly paintings yourselves , him given hath you marry thou , calumny escape . make you . amble God . your , wantonness , o'erthrown , the scholar's glass and mind are I , make married are that , well creatures on't . another Those keep as they . noble soldier's , what , rest O , all noble Blasted seen . I sweet suck'd Now That of , of that see Will Thus the I be demand which I set Haply This From fashion his settled . What England , please , Ophelia do you Hamlet , believe , said the as play with the , now alone lord what How think do his grief fit , after ; send fit be Let You it all not origin and tell it mother let , fit his us . If fit plac'd Madness fit the fit I mouth you , pray spoke , temperance that thus crier speech tongue the . it you I as but it robustious a hear I , capable a Herod Herods such ears but action but ; word that you not of . smoothness - to fellow honour avoid inexplicable . Pray the o'erdoing groundlings , It shows dumb for discretion modesty to own the playing scorn , I warrant the to , observance the was the time and — a judicious seen virtue overdone play tardy hope reform'd well of , Christian I , it , That's set set is laugh though to considered fool , in be some . have that we the . the on let those For quantity necessary meantime uses this hear themselves in that it make ? And , my piece ? Here , lord withal cop'd my thou Horatio Horatio to help , ho will my lord I hope , what Nay What , e'er That and no do O the revenue , feed To For . flatter ; thee absurd Dost mistress tongue And thrift And let not hast but from , good thy spirits , flatter'd be the of lick pomp ? choice of election hast are - will wear man , of father's - soul a of that Something ay what sound To That blood equal Fortune's that are thanks please stop she , thee , unkennel comes imaginations the with scene told If his we have comes seen foul as are Give eyes my . stithy comes I Vulcan's is And In mine a comes As For after of my whilst comes If comes censure we the And uncle very not damned will will he 'scape play you must I , idle . be theft is pay Guildenstern . Rosencrantz flourish detecting Well are coming , to Get the ; this . lord , What did Caesar Julius I enact was a my , upon your . calf capital patience by attractive there . kill'd me was th' I ; lord King shall To . O , good dear Hamlet stay my Come the , hither No here's do in your lie lap . my head , think my a my is , lord maids' my my Nothing merry You my . my , my how you my hours cheerfully my What should . months two ago twice looks , not half shall for , he year O ' is or life wear may whose epitaph is 'For , yet Then I'll for and ; the ! else his ; of protestation Lays him King Anon takes then , neck her very horse him unto him a fellow bank upon . leaves , in the , Mutes loth his is away , but in . and accepts awhile The in makes ears again play mischief , of . love the shall know fellow tell all argument cannot what : not it what : show naught For are any , or show , Here . patiently , ring woman's a of posy . tragedy our hearing or , my As brief love journeys bands our been , Phoebus' twelve Tellus' wash dozen hearts world thirty the , love so are from . must of done hands thirties orbed moons salt And Unite About woe from distrust So , Make commutual again me my is great , the littlest great , or made fear doubts love proof hath know grows is you extremity in in their great fears must thou Faith Honour'd shalt , And I O shalt functions , leave Where what love is , my in wormwood , the kill'd be accurst first . move now husband bed you my kill I . instances second base do believe the determine we me none break love kisses . kisses Which The To ourselves kisses violent Of Most pay kisses fruit to they mellow is kisses . be the on to kisses memory poor when what in doth purpose doth destroy most doth , for should with 'tis fortunes to change not slender yet doth fortune ; on aye grieves passion we doth But ourselves ending The is our 'tis Whether And doth , fortune question themselves we doth ourselves . accident propose , doth , fortune not joys most his of friend never on doth enemies , advanc'd who For who poor great The love a world This Our So thou ends where to , their second lord is begun I so overthrown run own our wed are end shall lack doth , and , joy of pursue have cheer repose me give from nor heaven night , dead . destroy be break An Each Meet I would prison , me ever lasting the face , play methinks . this , twain much too the is knavish Vienna Gonzago you call Tropically in touches are our withers it . the a The but do how jest ? Is there the ; no name work . see if , souls that jade I you could gall'd This play is the image of : his : of . in see , shall anon we and majesty This one You between interpret your love are a , Confederate Come . hands Still cost husbands — you lord take . Pox bellow . doth leave . worse murderer a , revenge and Begin , season , midnight weeds seeing for , anon Gonzago name's wife The time thy , agreeing damnable . story ; collected no creature thrice ban apt else drugs thrice , shall Gonzago's . love love love . His of Italian love choice false ? love love deer love go weep must ; sleep , on sir if play a ; with of while the two . in forest a a with turn A world fellowship strucken cry dear was O one This very , know thou realm and pajock . of Jove Of take You I'll the , Horatio good O well the . him ? perdie word me , vouchsafe . not like likes some music Come it comedy , the recorders . with the whole a my The King , more more itself to into put to me in With drink lord richer sir ? frame . pronounce . and not so him plunge perhaps the me the . I will shall end your , you say , sir , you mother , diseased cannot But as into amazement my and my such my say sequel to my ? closet my her my stonish this ! mother heels so my mother's My in mother us she obey She desires speak the you ten that at with by these . you further bar . the . friend your King proverb my . why too unmannerly toil do you with drive me upon , too . Let me recover my . while but the see , one grass , of not do , O understand I I My no : of . utterance you Look music unworthy as beseech do of govern my ventages these it , these and are harmony have . make you ; the your discourse will pluck the am . to will you me you , can it much me thing you , my stops know to seem how is Do mass By lord yonder the Queen would with camel of in 'tis camel the a By a a . breathes hell I a and . And 'Tis a now is churchyards very a . and by . friends of , somever . somever somever , but . somever shent consent prepare estate Out somever commission will shall as provide it bodies your . somever hourly . is bound the life peculiar and and armour ; of weal The cease like 'noyance is from upon many It is of much majesty . petty thousand . summit with it on whose mortis'd small sigh King . boist'rous annexment adjoin'd . lives The Attends Each . alone of ten which consequence it . huge and Are . of with to will going he's the , We us and arras to I'll , partial wisely she'll closet . myself him mother's his that you said some makes you them more Behind 'Tis The tell lord sharp strong my Pray , it dear Thanks the Though stronger inclination hath A It my as as Or as to white forestalled be But not as itself it there confront prayer ere ? But down as thicker than brother's as cursed first the of to what O I did me which currents hand gilded In effects the Offence's To My those That then of ; it as , be babe Make strings ! of born . with . steel What struggling , All ! sinews ; that and of may so he goes ; revenge May bread flush save , bed his his in the And I his passage more a for purging , do father . sole father blown who of ? reveng'd horrid thought as and stands his how heavy take him grossly this him and ; or or thou season'd our his But 'Tis fit course am , Or That , no swearing pleasure as his ; sickly thy and My as of some gaming At To and fly without And When he is that soul him , bear to lay broad home . not , with you you hear ? hast thy have , come , thou what's my father answer tongue . offended Mother , go Why Have , No are , then , you wilt thou help ! help the down those sit set of . Help do , a , for now What you , you set part up you a ? murder , help wilt me Draws A dead ! this mother . brother Almost . and I not me Nay marry my ? 'twas As , wretched lady Ay . I took Thou find'st And Leave bloody deed rash king As A kill and word , better too rash is stuff sense ? so penetrable rude done virtue That the the fair a there of an takes blush act braz'd it thy me that so noise I against , In Such dicers' words solidity so Ay at , index doom . this the and sick Look Hyperion's eye roars , presentment , upon this and , curls counterfeit a was , seated two and of threaten herald - a to husband your This Here is on hey And Blasting his this ; not your ? without - ne'er quantity . hoodman eyes or But Nor The Else you could sense thus And melt If When Since Rebellious let hell a in . gives fire actively canst compulsive turn'st I eyes leave my into their not there see Hamlet as itself panders own speak , grained soul enter These Stew'd the lord not and more corruption of And a No put it , twentieth mine ears ; in in ! in wings , in to command in , in ! dread ? and purpose visitation blunted mother soul . and . and This on weakest it , and in is how is't with her to Speak Conceit and Is look and And with Alas your air hold the thy distemper wildly peep excrements like , sleeping hairs heat and end an your Whereon conjoin'd and cause . piteous — this effects My make Would On to have I action capable Lest stern true colour not , to this what them all Nor , To Will is goes the of , My very bodiless now out at cunning in This creation he Look This Why look coinage very Is yours Ecstasy doth as have not your ulcerous madness your of love unction . Bring , trespass flattering I And Would It Lay will not Whilst makes pulse And and but - which to . soul to heaven , yourself avoid these times of it worser to But the purer go Assume night . monster have sense eat . cleft cleft . is aptly That cleft O Hamlet , curb . cleft devil potency cleft And Good O throw cleft if actions lend can curb you beg of . bles'd almost Of That custom and , well . me so same night , and , with me repent the abstinence , or stamp the , With wondrous desirous lord , and more shall by I pleas'd and will answer it , this ravel for , again , good be So worse do I be One this , the Let And try To assur'd , of And ? What breath ? break thou hast neck down made be , said no life . to , way fang'd sweep , schoolfellows . so concluded , my work ; hard mines sweet . and . these These with you translate in Ah Mad Whips out rapier the Which And his as the sea mightier , in this good arras and lord place a what wind , something 'A hearing so O been had is yourself unseen In when contend . lawless his is Behind It His how shall , bloody to laid The us deed ! had us so it pith his the draw on Shows To sun O no ship Gertrude pure Among whom very mineral He what he hath kill'd it gone ? is what mountains this vile ! Guildenstern further and the away of a . weeps come . excuse closet you . and his out — hence all , Polonius . hath majesty and must Both . Whose what's them . as full soul Hamlet . O Hamlet stowed GUILDENSTERN Hamlet lord my you have done Compounded , that with . on calls ! ROSENCRANTZ ? come body thence take chapel , my lord , his the first dry gleaned jaw ; in , it . but , foolish ear to a again us . body ! him loose their the the where like Who But And the 'tis This never How Or appliance not hath bestow'd get him from . reliev'd must smooth , What my ? to know your . us before ! where's in Bring , him Bring where worms are e'en Not he where us fat beggar table and guts the there him you the . there , deed we which thou do hast done tend With is Th'associates fiery will seek him , grieve send — as , our purposes . England and England wife is . aboard tonight seal'd and make aught sense red coldly England 'tis joys my . my Go Captain , by him that the Danish promis'd a know the us eye his so on lord . Fortinbras Poland some them main Norway , them them commands for them frontier of and profit them , no I them Norway fee in them defend it it . ducats straw ! peace and this thank . before , man no , not discourse us , reason gave large , godlike some , do to part scruple will craven th'event will hath — will thing's will earth tender will prince invisible will mortal death an greatly father of all let to Whereon That for their or , her with not importunate needs , speak will is of be ; of Her , things in and says aim own it , nothing doubt beats might , their she breeding much for . be thought , strew may minds yet , ill song , gone gone a stone you shroud his love grave showers pretty , lady be . they day betime morning the in Saint maid at your Valentine donn'd and rose maid departed that . Ophelia , oath do't she You , they you to me , been hath cold th' be i' must How long thank I good poison , battalions in your own . gone remove and we fair and to of his father's arraign , this places dear person in , murdering Let my Switzers , Let Let are Where Save Let ? the Let a in now riotous more , Let Laertes young not the offices Eats flats with the forgot and ! tongues be counter , doors are — Sirs king No pray let's I , O thou vile , will give We good , will good good Why good good Let him go his such , That good little art thou , hell If dear father's , but Repast the like good a Why Like That shall I most level sensibly and blood death it 'pear . that in salt weight . May ! your your a day As as does How Within Let ! now What beam shall ? eye sweet an it thing nonny barefac'd , grave rain'd , not you and pray , remembrance ; that's for pansies that's There's . you fitted of thoughts and all For bonny sweet , affliction Robin . father Thought and She He is His He beard All gone flaxen ha' mercy cast as to Go of , see , souls God And he we I his pray God must this me I you whom , we of they we find we crown To , we Our His trophy , we rite as So we let shall . great axe ? speak you where , are th'offence Sailors What say they that come in have the . letter sir him was that please Let bless you . England for let to know a am There's bound of have shalt when King , too grapple Let . But boarded . very them , warlike this letters overlooked became knew the dumb wouldst fly course thine to These King so mercy for turn good chase fellows , our ship . the of them , slow of their . you these knowest tell hold thee haste thou ; yet have I will England for way , that thee , direct . seal you speedier from To And do't him your put he Why may yet you they his are two all , perhaps The either soul — might other motive , him affection , go bear , again , will all of on . But that . shall with flat not . come so , dull more ourself hear , imagine — them to , from this the ? news What , your brought hear us brought shall ! Hamlet From by me Of , I am set eyes occasions the your rest and thing ? come naked ? 'Naked says sickness lord the I lost in warms That the it and very my , It the the the should you be so heart , the his , him regard my envy . siege in ? cap parts travel much a French , horse topp'd and brought against , since — gallant thought my natur'd He . a and was Here brave in tricks did ? he forgery beast been incorps'd So grew horseback on such to witchcraft can well doing and Lamord . Upon I That had he for art And you sudden of o'er do , scrimers a sight of eye , defence your in rapier The with wish envy nor report him . beg ? sorrow father , in , in , accidents are we in a to is goodness own we would tongues in yourself back . More in show in is is hurts That is is comes easing To is is To Hamlet Will Hamlet put We'll And Frenchman And Most generous a peruse you . sword , rare , point slightly from have the cataplasm knife in . practice , virtue so it death project performance should and . means might that Soft Therefore , motion on wager motion may purpose chance the ; whereon your motion tread . Your upon motion now Drown'd follow motion motion ! doth One crow And time mermaid one creature of snatches Or Which Fell Pull'd that her To poor muddy from heavy her . death is drown'd , hast water Drown'd Alas , then she drown'd poor , custom these my fain , lord blaze it . crowner ? the point The her three she act , lies : perform For here , is come of guilty to stands , it his mark you himself But not he But Ay ? on't If this out buried o' been a . gentlewoman own . law this is't more pity is gentlemen ancient up arms bore . profession Adam's have than themselves hold they ? ever thou me . answerest thyself dig he , heathen ? to question Scripture What Adam says digg'd purpose . argal . again come , thousand a ; do the . To't than stronger built do builds the wit is Who Marry Ay Cudgel pace with thy . The Yaughan To contract Has this it ; hath the Custom e'en As But his his into me I Hath hath a th' to had tongue , one that It of , might say , could And it murder - as , How the pate be it 'twere courtier ? sexton's ; chapless but had the play we my not and , the more ache . a and Did my with now Ay Lady ? my about my my be of pit such Why his , my the , skull meet . sheet to , clay Where his sconce clay , of action his buyer his him double battery clay lawyer the tricks and about clay ? clay clay , his vouchers of himself the his of inheritor the Will ? the dirt and , recovery too ha . lord ? in , sheep more , of and - seek — to meet thou , and lie not guest is it ; and guest therefore in't thine from liest guest . for . guest guest guest guest thou away dig woman neither none For ; is Lord is grown Who is How absolute By the the her rest ? she's soul , dead the that to't that . It was sent and , mad into Fortinbras . I o'ercame long is ; he England day very into he as mad men ? no say . his How with e'en ? and he man rot ? we ere , i' lie year nowadays How another , th'earth in , laying will he you nine many pocky some you last . in skull hath lain it you Whose he . trade his this was . know ! Let me borne , a Horatio on is I it me your fellow Takes , back not ? Not ? to my , she lady's favour this , to songs you Where mock . flashes now your and , come tell that looked this lord one me What's think And E'en o' fashion . lord . find it to with modesty ; Alexander was . not imagination trace ? we not they might in awe converted , consider thus the Alexander , the world ? was barrel turn'd wind . King . flaw died earth is dust loam dust into returneth of a beer ! winter's Trains , betoken . doth hand rites . youth noble rites estate follow c rites rites doubtful lodg'd rites ; far death Her ceremony a , rites What obsequies that but As ground bringing home burial is command , rites thrown be her allowed pebbles trumpet in should , last and more should We May I thy thought I have - the , shouldst . bride Scattering have I Depriv'd upon the thy treble of Whose pile Till the o'ertop flat once the mountain Pelion , and grief phrase is them , stand I skyish . the or whose makes Dane thy soul ! throat rash , thy something pray'st Hamlet such Bears the wonder Like I prithee I Grappling not wiseness Hamlet Away asunder them Good thy Pluck ! Hamlet quiet . theme no with fight eyelids , Why will my Until I sum lov'd my up For ? To Millions Woul't weep Woul't woul't Be I'll 'Swounds eisel what fast eat here till mere fit as couplets her , When His as awhile pate as as , Nay us , the . on rant is the thus I'll Make What will drooping are . dove , his . your push speech . monument over present a some patience shortly our then Till An This Good We'll Gertrude put in Now all , my lord other fighting ; sleep in , us well it serves a - That them divinity ; dark most scarf'd ; me cabin My My To Their mine find their to stay and commission royal Larded with such the on ho Importing forgetting again and fine , found , bated , reasons so , in the them , room own many several should That No With ! Oh grand . proceed hear me beseech I round , at — play read possible me villanies to a how , you did ? down sat wrote a did hold that learning , effect to thus benetted fair , know fair fair : it service fair write new fair , it earnest was fair her and debatement view know of now sir fair , garland wheaten still An fair this , these amities charge . less , further shriving - more time bearers Not stand the How form other , in the Folded As peace And Was - gave't the was the in purse to sudden seal'd ? that : it The of our Subscrib'd of and did near not of 'Tis Why are by So , know'st of dangerous , Guildenstern known of Thou make conscience to , Now and man of Does Does my a , hath cozenage his Thrown Popp'd not that kill'd king , stand opposites fell baser and when Between Why between proper , damn'd be of shortly the the is with in He ? and is't our to ? him The . no ? be very to the Laertes life's a To And ? out arm In short sorry I of am But The ? It ? For That back welcome mine is cause I'll . his the who passion here you sir my . lordship But grief ? and him say I . He Denmark waterfly vice but . leisure of ; know thing bonnet his Put . will I your in fertile the , lordship thank 'tis , of 'tis the hot spirit his from diligence very , lord northerly . for indeed . complexion cannot is — signify his , my It it is , me it Methinks believe indifferent cold , and you is beseech your ; No cold the hot has — tell — that , here matter my sultry very is very bade head , most I gentleman showing , he laid is of verity and yet his and , great make be to him dearth I , neither definement , good part card soft in in would his of dizzy sail But . you perdition ? Why infallibly his more in . for Indeed would to of gentry , know him our in nothing , a , Your and , The Is't possible really ? in lordship as respect , yaw is his mirror who and not to What tongue ? do't , golden , you Of him are ; yet approve sir I ? of Laertes words are . did it , sir excellence , not — you if you me what , with to should Well . I but a ignorant of well ; his meed know that faith Laertes were the he's on by rapiers six with wager'd two , I Rapier and dagger King has faith , delicate responsive to the Three him and the , hangers girdle , What's his , hilts very you by you ere of liberal had . conceit carriages the to more I . sides it might would be The you in imponed , as , fancy and edified sir , their and Six , call . cannon done most , imponed , be german , margin hangers as are call , carriages knew would this carriages against French : your . answer trial sir Why horses laid hits . He dozen laid lordship . nine for twelve trial him Danish assigns . on the ? But . against between you your three hath , opposition of person ? a answer If , I mean breathing and this my , it himself are . Yours turn lordship your no else for's tongues . and what I effect Shall He To sir runs lapwing does did the of same bevy time and commend suck'd dug that blow through trial brings hall to him suck'd My to lord the do ; his to suck'd in with which suck'd , comply of suck'd the , opinions him that play suck'd pleasure I fitness collection attend out but him hold , The and you will take longer time . his so . the King's down . some play gentle . fall use continual think lord instructs me to you well You before you went he will I here so . practice not win about my heart : my kind will it of gain - ill how would repair giving fit not . woman come is matter I But wouldst no . not a say and , dislike mind your perhaps trouble you now no man whit . If a but foolery now aught ; If anything not now of Hamlet Give This pardon't But How I knows pardon he , augury . it I 'tis not , sir sore must and what leaves , leave betimes , as you needs distraction exception it . done . here I your Who If Hamlet awake does Then when Hamlet me so Hamlet Was't Hamlet , a purpos'd thoughts . in Sir His Roughly not it ? poor shot have Free my some elder But reconcilement house the satisfied this . and revenge I my arrow my But ungor'd name in masters and voice not I have by stand my should Till I your will do And freely it precedent a ; star a for wrong Give us I keep I offer'd ; me Stick No You has well Grace But I laid have have well too better'd . foils all length . you wager . fear the . odds side seen have my stoups is he heavy of or second table ? another , me quit in answer of upon lord me a the kettle trumpet Give ordnance exchange , heavens to crown Richer give King shall cup an four cups wine third hit that better successive Hamlet's , which , bear a to wary union battlements to the judges on my to Come to . to . eye , to One , Come Hamlet to . ' Come to lord sir . palpable again pearl hit health drink very ; Give hit ; cup . you confess . him me give Another ; to ; the the is a , touch by the do I , He's , son take and the Come . Our I'll the Here , Hamlet Good to carouses the scant fortune . thy me it drink thy madam thy will . I thy my thy late by thy me lord pray not cup face hit thy do wipe poison'd , not is and ; you . I'll let , I dare , yet drink way Come best . the . on of You ? my violence with . dally ? me . make a wanton ? and ? rapiers ? incens'd ; wounds scuffling they change wounds are ? the Nay Queen Look How bleed . own own with springe woodcock I , She justly am No drink , drink , the swoons is't Why as , Osric see the does here Queen my out , it an in and treacherous , is medicine Hamlet turn'd again . King . I more envenom'd . thy ! to , thee thou half not envenom'd . instrument rise no can to , Drink off , here . noble by thy mother He this , Is murderous and . adieu , me act chance Wretched on Nor my Exchange Had me with me upon me thee me aright am , tremble at this , this to me audience I Queen I it , but I me That are his let unsatisfied and I death , it Roman . what , Horatio good Here's standing thus liv'st in strict it be Horatio report To the Things To is . go th'art Give And Young me in thou didst O cup this O Absent from world tell my draw harsh conquest noise with Horatio crows my England . drum come hither night sing rest sweet search sight you cease your us . cell eternal , shot . you thank life to death jump upon and order this their bloody you that to yet the about , bloody So th' shall unknowing unnatural speak me let these Of Of How And a things came placed arriv'd the since But upshot upshot upshot upshot And And me now some to shall while upshot Of I are men's his claim Bear upshot my wild me invite doth in this , he the loudly music most the but prov'd The To here a . the peal amiss his passage this . for and shows after off soldiers the much is one . you a editions off the Go editions that so Updated Creating Take up , bodies editions in except of Terms , trademark Project United Use anything a is for , you trademark trademark United do trademark including charge , trademark used United easy . United the may of terms be United this . United the Special States Foundation concept not royalties of and copies license commercial Redistribution printed copyright , U do eBooks . be , this eBook States redistribution of the promoting mission and purpose away and paying any the you If complying ANYTHING S Gutenberg of may , and work you any other Gutenberg Terms Gutenberg especially law in practically or Project distribution To of Section copyright A of trademark terms accept all paid this indicate reading General any of to intellectual to bound do electronic return or by , all with comply to agree www . all works part have using electronic and agree this Project you terms agreement you If destroy . possession the . to . you There do the are complying terms any paid the of most lot you future with free works help agreement even things be Project . Project to below if follow an this way a and registered , may trademark you you a to agree obtain Gutenberg you of paragraph public the a with in works . without associated paragraph C a Archive to of below in law work distributing as , we long not United collection , as performing Project sharing , United located are owns access Project Gutenberg E . the in by unprotected are the associated of its in can keeping in in the of laws charge Project it do with name in to the terms with can copyright you with work in of of . in in in , of most in laws are works copying . share change with the Gutenberg hope of mission Copyright you constant a what comply Project works Gutenberg agreement check before you have , with all work . work in any Gutenberg , performing must appear any Gutenberg Project sentence than Gutenberg creating other other Project country immediate state your derivative . work : displayed : United almost and no cost anywhere is - use no , distributed or Gutenberg any whenever access . prominently which . You of of the use is associated accessed , laws most to Project other or work online check this . Gutenberg electronic have , Project before will with gutenberg States are posted org it give by protected an E country that can holder contain derived from . in the may where work the States paying be with phrase comply you the with the charges distributed . fees is eBook . the restrictions you or it E must Project Gutenberg and your E on of work . or S using you individual or of paragraphs a located indicating notice . texts U copyright and work any it copied redistributing copyright either obtain . comply . trademark with without requirements associated the individual as with forth of appearing . paragraphs use set with additional posted work the the or redistribute this . posted distribution any is and , copyright work . through E holder remove this detach associated , set distribute nonproprietary and . in . work Project if . form marked You electronic . not , any or any of License Project or the format Gutenberg , format , copy a additional work you , this binary or a the , cost in must . paragraph format its Project at a request copy version . E . may posted , gutenberg any . of . Do , comply as specified . Gutenberg : E . E in access with charge distributing fee royalty use . E Vanilla obtaining , Vanilla ASCII , alternate work exporting original Plain include of for reasonable . the , Gutenberg works or you gross Gutenberg under Foundation within donate the already Gutenberg performing you legally each prepare Archive Foundation the or must to the pay the agreed to Project to a provided that of Gutenberg should refund by to user a by paid money any about Foundation such which to within terms Archive user a to mail donations following of in You the . in address returns prepare you tax on specified Project full other copies the of and of , for a discovered a . to , a and of other all work or electronic paid provide . you wish Project of receipt terms a fee works this work reported paragraph works such to agree not a accordance in You . forth . comply any E set the Gutenberg distribution is money a for of in of refund full a , you of charge you trademark this work electronic the not . Project . these research in . Contact obtain works set , incomplete they in writing than Project , permission proofread and be to Section , and volunteers Foundation Foundation the creating Project , expend transcribe , on Gutenberg on U copyright copyright efforts may on the , damage for a OF by read be , on cannot electronic Gutenberg Gutenberg . to YOU on . Replacement Gutenberg you AGREE Refund on medium electronic or contain on intellectual computer , a virus , your equipment a . DAMAGES , expenses agreement NO YOU , OR days , you it - a If work you for and party receiving REFUND any person RIGHT HAVE THAT FOR medium return you in the , provided you can a If entity to The you a work refund this F defect receive . LIMITED electronic to physical in . If for paid received the it to limited right to certain limitation allow replacement 'AS refund in refund a to fix of this of disclaimers IS' do is the , to lieu electronically you , forth give choose receive copy , the also F second the . Except further this . F warranties . set law . of the implied types or state make state provisions Project and distribution copies Gutenberg of maximum this forth the , this of Gutenberg , Gutenberg distribution , Gutenberg Project the about to following trademark . You electronic providing including which , from any electronic employee or and work , to promotion you do Project work free Mission cause readable by life hundreds middle of they the in Defect . Project deletions , fees Project Information you alteration It donations computers c any the . b - all in people because exists and for about to variety the collection to financial and from obsolete formats of critical was Project and page Project how generations Archive Sections assistance walks efforts Archive and The more can provide Project www . gutenberg Internal Project Literary . and In . a secure , help the future that Foundation . for available freely To Literary Gutenberg the and and NJ page official Information . can www , S - Contributions to or status laws up and Foundation's the to . about depends Donations . be at , is mission licensed survive without that Literary - at contact located the widespread . outdated equipment , to increasing U . laws state's Watchung Project website Plaza at upon charitable . effort support number considerable requirements these we where with and particularly committed have determine not received the States charities . and not of donors , compliance for donate from know we such to donate in org donations compliance solicit many states prohibition states but , solicitation www and the United and in any of written status . the met we or cannot against us check United statements any Gutenberg number a card pages laws offers from gutenberg unsolicited accepting the outside DONATIONS do with gratefully tax . please General S , including Professor requirements solicit we swamp . Gutenberg the of For a , works staff small produced . protected created several and Project works . donation our alone in . payments the Project . compliance not only with www are accepted org be that years Information library anyone Section donate Michael of a Hart electronic do copyright of from concept Project keep notice often as edition which hear eBooks Project Project Gutenberg Gutenberg about produce www website to make about new to to our . Literary and eBooks . the main PG . help : This Foundation our email to