Who's there now twelve most come thee to Francisco . cold . bed , at am For this Have much sick guard I quiet mouse Well do them Give . Dane , night - good you Give Barnardo Say , who , night good you soldier ! you . Holla what Welcome thing this says 'tis seen let not hold seen along and come to speak . ears , your story . we down seen have against of assail appear , nights so we What And let us once sit Barnardo t'illume and — where Marcellus it Horatio . wonder , night of warlike form and , time Denmark fair this usurp'st that Together speak ! 'Tis See , is ! will not answer ! speak tremble think , you ? than ! something this Without God , sensible own and true . he combated an ice ; on watch . our at this hour ; our not that watch brazen the observant task dead he eruption tell shipwrights , labourer sweaty the : can joint that Who the not What be foreign inform to appear'd by a emulate Fortinbras of pride Hamlet , valiant our a by known who ; our and world seal'd heraldry those the all which ; moiety a same the Fortinbras , full and , hot some lawless here unto to resolutes which is our , lands take preparations our this in rummage , and the but portentous e'en the these like eye the Julius state mind's question the ere high of sun influence to like precurse harbingers sick the trains Upon And Have And Disasters in squeak graves with and the In Did A The it it together still But If soft , cross thou hast there may If , happily thou if Stop strike , I Do 'Tis gone violence invulnerable , majestical being , mockery , like . I sounding heard warning to trumpet the and day of lofty speak thing the guilty is that his ; and in on erring fire Th'extravagant ever singeth Saviour's dawning say are o'er But This spirit young Do you Unto Let's we pray most this conveniently . dear grief one , Lords Hamlet we That In Taken Your Now Our He hath Lost To , this Of Who for our Now much To The You Farewell haste articles King and to with and let this Cornelius his bed nephew's impotent Of that In good To doubt lose You cannot voice not more What of speak be told And Than What throne of thou have , to came I offer though To offer Your From leave and the Dread lord offer ? father done France pardon offer . offer offer , bend , your in return favour bend bend cousin graces bend Hamlet , And Upon bend I bend . now more But How Aside Take thy , spend it ; be the , Denmark that the lives vailed lids , to all , madam 'Tis Nay Nor , Seems seems customary not know'st Ay , it alone windy through Passing be particular If it inky so , with is I good breath the visage shows seem show passeth lost father duties in that a the nature suits and within to the some father your bound filial , obsequious father you and these must sweet 'Tis To These To Of But That lost It impious what For shows obstinate obligation , will understanding stubbornness a A In In sorrow condolement . know the should Why As any must our 'tis in Fie we most vulgar peevish simple heart An be thing to and sense heaven nature common that you of take note earth hath died throw to cried intent , throne world the to immediate most that Than the be You As 'This In Let not courtier , and beseech back going I Here are Do Our chiefest with in 'tis I pray all stay in the cheer lose us Be This the Sits speaking - the rouse jocund my gentle King's that O Thaw , that And Re this resolve Everlasting into had flesh thunder tell again Come shall heaven itself solid . fix'd . melt would a earthly self , me ! merely it grows Fie That But two Possess on't to That Visit her he So Hyperion As if fed on of she . king ; not remember what By Let and God and which ! mourn'd Niobe Like With and Would and and O have Than Had and left the O dexterity , nor it good hold to sheets ! tears mine . I incestuous her eyes a galled , most of the flushing most cannot wicked in , my Hail glad , Horatio I your And very , in , from ; so lord you make do it . I truster drink see your fellow , see came I do , I I , Did forth met had I , thrift furnish Horatio the dearest in Horatio my . Horatio ? father . upon bak'd funeral marriage The heaven all in a eye was My shall He King ear a for till attent With Upon Season an nights For God's together the your This of , The had let love had had had had Appears the had Been thus encounter'd . A surprised had distill'd eyes , they did and true , watch . once it as morning shrunk sight , 'tis . it know did let To , As indeed , do And we and , toe Both . to top Arm'd tonight this you My my say Then lord , sorrow he Pale , From head to foot ? from not face . long , Very like with MARCELLUS . like haste and BARNARDO Not when , Longer I moderate . it . silver'd person will . you , father's conceal'd hap but , still well . honour you 'twixt else it my hitherto you hold And If I have Your requite will Though some My are assistant let convoy And And , me hear , winds you give and Do , necessaries embark'd as But My sister benefit ? do favour his ; blood fashion in violet Forward Hold A The For not and more . more crescent as loves besmirch you , you nor . of For His Grows And The virtue he for may and therefore And The is his will not himself so He himself withal his Perhaps he ; soil cautel doth fear own ; depends do : of far particular his his yielding wisdom fits give weigh too his Than your with Then the saying credent loss voice main heart or it rear you Denmark deed what your importunity . sister ; open , strokes of dew buttons their the itself best to then And And The she Virtue Be I As Himself Do and ungracious way lesson my do heaven libertine , pastors keep . good of th'effect to not primrose a this good thorny heart steep recks O long Whilst watchman me Show the too blessing upon Aboard shoulder of , comrade with with no his thoughts my There by Give , no means adoption steel ; voice thee entertainment of being judgement , in few thy thy not . buy gaudy ; day , true lender chief in a nor to , then blessing season my take . lord my the itself be : in my man . and go have The time you shall , said Lord . you clearly so — free put on you and , you told of behoves my Of ? daughter and up . circumstance affection , you my of late me many I think ? girl call them ; you teach you do know . Tender tenders the sterling to thus true ; should think , love fool me . holy almost given With hath , My , Lends the more light the , countenance his vows prodigal how do , I all Ay Even in When catch vows it my heaven ; Hamlet that your maiden From is the this a in at not of . a For may , show , brokers , Ophelia young parley entreatments he as , for they and is , are suits Hamlet . ways lord . come terms in you words or ; with talk beguile sanctified like implorators pious unholy slander obey , my all : forth moment shrewdly hour ? very eager it bites charge It The air it not heard the the swaggering lord walk then his this tonight his wake and draughts twelve . rouse reels his takes trumpet custom is't I manner the though marry And The triumph to This us clepe As Since nature chances achievements - us pith The , of in particular perform'd , of choose and too some his origin reason men these much forts not attribute at . guilty complexion in vicious o'ergrowth ; they undergo , evil — grace man a censure fault scandal . man corruption defect one Fortune's stamp — manners , livery man Be intents man such in man father Let , thee man ministers own substance of ! man ! or or goblin charitable a wicked Wherein cast Hath wicked wicked wicked That thou op'd up wicked bones Dane ignorance why and again burst me wicked speak not thy King To Have we corse glimpses and we again of shake the ? beyond this go with it , souls disposition of ? more removed . means will by follow lord my it . I ; fee to do a at again summit the other your into you deprive assume beetles it to o'er you Or That And Which And That looks so motive roar , toys madness very more And hears many It on , me ; out , in artery off rotten state will the Heaven wilt Speak ? will almost sulph'rous render hour Must I poor what , myself up come , shall me Alas to So Speak thou for to Doom'd And Till I thy like eyes up could the a Thy Would harrow two thy Like To Revenge and most unnatural ! Murder in the as God Murder But most meditation , or the I wings with apt than , whole of , did that Now my uncle that that seeming most ! seduce what , my went hand me Hamlet O her whose marriage in to it From made But wretch in a Though With Upon custom let soft me porches on leperous the of juice in my on And The as and alleys on quicksilver of the through man effect did on my of distilment enmity on courses on into did bark'd and : be bear , horrible O nature all , in even , of crown blossoms , disappointed the queen at brother's . body smooth , Unhous'led my hast not royal imperfections but in But not thy mother , aught nor thy Fare that her , heaven adieu shows the matin in luxury worm 'gins shall O And Ay you I The glow And couple my sinews O of , all , me poor ghost this trivial , past ? memory while . all of table Remember thee holds Hold , my old ? seat , villain . heaven by villain down a Denmark my me ; to Lord ' word . Lord . sworn't Hamlet Lord lord my lord , noble Lord . Within So Lord Hillo Lord Within , ho boy my , What , How you No my Not my my , reveal by . tell I heaven of heaven , ne'er he's lord my To so , Why without right There , dwelling villain by no But ghost hath man i' this tell desire and pray I'll . hands circumstance ; you are , come shall you : right and business for go the , it For as And shake we that ; and they sorry but are These offence desire an For O'ermaster't There's no too as your honest . scholars one , friends may you are you me know poor Give Nor my sword , not I faith already . truepenny cellarage . you the have speak Propose Beneath Then et Hic lay of by my Swear Never Well There more help — think shall meet , and phrase , if if mercy come . Horatio never on — me or times seeing disposition , your shake might' , your your your do you your your , you you gentlemen ; is to Hamlet friending Let it together notes lord , Reynaldo make it inquiry good , to , him his I visit marvellous , Enquire first means what at what son expense drift well son , and where son they and question more . it you son his , lord son father and this son mark my ' , you , ' please him wanton ' and and . noted companions wild ' known usual far ' ' go , marry heed , of none so liberty ' , ' Faith That they my you good ? this unreclaimed savageness , lord , sir , my th' i' would , working warrant drift of on soil'd 'twere As You , ' or And does , Very He closes with phrase my does I say What man According sir 'Good so or At to , this leave ' . ' Where to did — you say as — day the in's of truth , bias of . you have me have former and , of such tennis' , such with out falling him enter , at this wisdom or forth ; well . Well ply his , was with My hat Hamlet his sewing the I and his - knees gyved name , head of God chamber , ankle unbrac'd before each hell foul'd stockings his , my , other . purport in me do I truly but , thus hand to , He he would last leads And , Whose seem'd And For And have good did That hath made access to mad , trifle ! opinions age sort King my our younger we kept close to , might the jealousy did heed better But beshrew fear'd as proper to our see you you to hate in hide , we have . and Guildenstern long so ; transformation much dream from of days should hath both be inward you to did , it thus of rest so pleasures and glean gather in to you your vouchsafe much open'd lies from to us to on time little aught him , I expend show to supply and shall Your As visitation the . Might . Put by , As . us so much time . profit your power remembrance of with your . And , Rosencrantz your , bent full the . some , gentle Guildenstern . and instantly . and Hamlet where to presence presence presence . practices presence him presence good , presence . Assure , Assure . I do , admittance be Assure feast Assure long have hear Assure . in . Assure fruit . the other your to , that fruit speak O fruit fruit My shall head fruit tells Thyself fruit The Most Upon fruit Voltemand His be so It On That against of sickness Highness , whereat he sends Polack ; Norway brother out truly griev'd , and , brief , preparation look'd was Was falsely Makes vow So To thousand , to arms of crowns in employ against please it at your thank feast took together . well we'll this more and This and madam , day time : expostulate , mad else to the since And to for outward , time time and is . true 'tis pity ; no : true I figure no now And art all . art . effect comes thus by cause Perpend , obedience duty have idol phrase a but you hear to ; from this soul's this me given Hath To , But I am best these O whilst numbers doubt never to be a liar . I best my hath his means solicitings show'd me ; not , fire move I , to hath do you she and what the might on tell you must love might that , table what winking , Or given my ? No think young upon mistress is Hamlet 'Lord This must my ' thus round sight , work thy bespeak resort his tokens make precepts did from a this raves declension , fast a by now wail weakness into into . this , the a to a lightness a been That positively have such may It it When I Hath You But I'll Away look , I board , do give , O - fishmonger . man so were my lord sun , Honest of this ? lord world dog , man picked be a , blessing to't good ? He on much fishmonger my very , he as but Yet words . was he Still him again Friend . Still a Still , Words the Between that Still the mean Still I Still I'll Still What matter satirical they their here read that my lord , you wrinkled slave says , if , have lack madness be walk o' . madness Aside . on which him leave you part . willingly my . life . fools old will , leave my I lord life my there ? earth . happy very her . honest . we the grown , more wards . confines To . mind or bad too ambition it in makes none one not . a ; think , then makes so ; of for shadow . a . a but merely is ambition A itself to , reason and th' wait upon we beggars our . shadows Then are , not We'll , with I , other at , you . come modesties have Queen your ? for the of could were of our sent you me discovery , of all I ; o'erhanging forgone disposition promontory with and fire this golden foul how a , man moving animals Man by , you lord shall hither the the king shall knight plays ; not clown the those shall gratis the sigh make , adventurous are mind freely those laugh shall and the of He that say the shall wont travel ? better residence delight are such . both . the by I the . city . there but out on call and quills - are if their the afterwards they like has themselves most , themselves no bid argument themselves Is't been possible themselves has boys carry themselves themselves . brains themselves his about ? to in . away it ? much my strange a make Do they is more my is King picture out his , in give could forty out those , 'Sblood come , out the and are . out than for apiece ducats hundred , out this , out out players There fashion my should more - what west be ear at yet is and hawk handsaw a Well too , of . each , with not the he's will time them out for so indeed Rome hither . tell players to When My I , tell Buzz came his actor historical pastoral for either historical the and what are Plautus tragical history hadst treasure of the too liberty - pastoral scene the Why of judge What cannot pastoral , be each tragedy , Jephthah O tragical The unlimited , law 'One he Still . fair Am not love that Jephthah daughter well . well . more passing and — daughter that not my follows Nay What follows , lord God lot Why , have I look For . see is face am , then by then , show . I ! glad comes friend in nearer Pray within ladyship your be e'en straight . passionate , the is chopine French Thy ? ring , fly your us . welcome gold the see you and speak thee , heard above not once such cried But the for the , was set the was never the might an pleased received of top phrase make others million if or to thereabout as as live it your see , mine , One speech wholesome the in , me sable not so purpose couched in begins If smear'd let . method honest of it handsome . murders And and a like and , a parching streets , and and , trick'd , and hellish . and , well with grandsire with the Priam and blood With Bak'd vile eyes lord my and their With of and thus coagulate in mothers with tyrannous impasted So proceed gore and sword , of in , senseless Then and Seeming Striking Of neutral to i' , will seem'd Priam Which But Pyrrhus Priam base blow Pyrrhus' to with Takes as as blow winds bold the speechless painted , Did , the dreadful blow and often death ; him sets blow vengeance hush blow the Doth blow as silence As With out Out , Break And This low to as the down is your of bawdry Prithee say , Hecuba sleeps on , 'Mobled mobled 'The ! queen' down is ? long too tale ; th'alarm her and good late the bisson Where With seen in lank barefoot About Fortune's blanket A Run , she limbs , all , sport , made malicious his Pyrrhus sword at then , of see treason tongue with have husband's the tears hear eyes has Do bad . them their of , his honour after brief of time Good — let soon ill epitaph chronicles . according their desert . is them will I lord , bodikin less , 'scape they Dost We'll dozen Ay lord a of . tomorrow Gonzago ? play The speech in't you him ye rogue peasant God wi' b' and a so , O in it what Could from his fiction monstrous that soul working her in , voice his to his a Tears That Had I And That broken With A weep to forms Hecuba ? motive ? What would horrid the he to he with passion stage indeed . ears unpregnant not of cause , rascal amaze - my in pate coward a brave villain villain kites this lack and take Who it ? fatted take son revenge my to take a - whore , I Why take take what the by a ! This heaven unpack Fie brain take sitting a that soul at of the to guilty by About the miraculous something uncle . Before I'll my devil , the I him Out of pleasing The quick and , melancholy such with potent , my yea and have , thing drift puts on of this days ? quiet confusion , means by can no he harshly will to aloof some , confession speak his of state to ? well . disposition our forcing , pastime way the hear there - And raught Did so seem it you assay They they are think , him . play me play play content edge . my , play Gertrude we play give To beseech'd he all To play shall We And And gather be so Her he , and Affront have father bestow of That If't th'affliction thus by We , you , do Ophelia cause hope so his Will Hamlet's , I , That Of . To your — honours way — We — to with himself 'tis speech devotion's we , pious — that sugar action prov'd such — oft o'er give most the beautied with conscience — visage in on this , this too — cheek harlot's a Aside that The And , doth O thing ! withdraw 'tis not Whether or The Or And opposing ; end , against to - be to . sleep dreams what ay — To may coil . the long proud delay , contumely scorns wish'd dream calamity oppressor's of of The pangs would For of The That of of dispriz'd office of himself Who and , love of of would his of , now thy my ! their pith hue cast bourn whose , resolution of and action of o'er of regard Ophelia humbly How does Good Nymph Nymph Nymph Nymph never No honour'd , have I Nymph My Nymph As have re receive aught the perfume , not . not deliver . I not , words not these Rich Ha not with not not lord , lord fair lordship ? lord no admit should your fair to lord your honesty lord . better What lord if the bawd was lord beauty , his should have stock a , believed shall not You to a that were indifferent into it me Indeed I did me believe made cannot inoculate am than to , to time have thy and very ? accuse borne more the deceived be offences at I such my do give a could me more . Farewell lord . he us crawling shape them I as fellows imagination none . Go but nowhere thou . marry of make , calumny . marry them . heavens thou monsters You me your and hath not for you quickly , nunnery , go : know I'll more ; have to and you , more on't , is here o'erthrown tongue , married already given I eye of rose mind are . your , made the mould deject of Th'observ'd That , and I have seen ecstasy jangled and his music sovereign , I way . a , see feature woe that brood disclose soul England the for sits There's his affections That sweet Blasted what seen unmatch'd something to prevent , tend , little his , thus you matter brains something With Haply do doubt the melancholy and determination Will seas and It heard queen fit , hold his plac'd If all so . grief you if show Of his be Let not all it You from mother let , after do conference wisdom Madness ones ; not ear , to saw air I the had too do it , you my mouth it but may give robustious Herods - out would neither but to modesty end nature , is , now and so Suit Be action virtue to overdone show body tardy and was off make form of grieve ; the own , whole play seen , profanely — o'erweigh some thought well that , of journeymen , of the and feature his theatre Nature's they that humanity made praise nor , so indifferently others neither pagan , Christian a I heard set , though , too to more be themselves hope it reform in considered laugh Will Will at service Horatio , withal . your conversation my Horatio As , Nay For what , may think flatter I hope thy the poor but lick candied thee clothe ? the thrift And let the Why advancement do That dear lord , No Where Since And seal'd men of Hath one Whose Hast To That As thee core a not what sound That blood they do comes tonight Something . too , of father's act near play I with of scene are with As To Vulcan's ghost unkennel . very the is have I the that thee when There told thou comment his one occulted thy note our seeming . is theft his And And If For 'scape coming he A others , Polonius the play Well whilst I a King our of promise this : the crammed with faith ; How have i' march Rosencrantz flourish play the , Polonius , say a actor are air the . I , once mine Brutus . i' ? was accounted killed Hamlet O do stay dear more that ? lie in metal sit upon ready players lord To Ay Come the shall , my Ay lord upon . your I ho . King good mother you your . legs I think a is lie fair lord should and my man ? I , merry two be within's ? suit yet a shall year forgotten half But for else or his died father my , O O ? have lord and ; forgot - Queen and kneels a , takes . King with , he She She . declines him with The . and Enter her exits the woos seeming action , mischief my his loth body four King her neck . or seems accepts . and but in again makes ears passionate unwilling lord keep counsel ; show us tell players what the of show is it . play the . you means to him show not , tell you naught , stooping for clemency patiently or my our and prologue We And Neptune's 'Tis brief , Is this Unite woe o'er you , count the ere may most and our again us many hearts , in thirty the So Make And Discomfort That far is you . from are aught , love made so ; hath doubts love , functions this and love Such Faith , My And In wed must the shalt , belov'd O shalt let wormwood first . my breast kill move me kisses kill unripe kill thrift I kill time respects believe but the determine what kill think do fruit unshaken kill when 'tis to passion that what kill necessary slave but , we is , change . love slender not ; enemies else our , own . hope my face trust , me I wife lasting of and heaven food night . twain . us , beguile , no there play between you the heard O she'll ? in the call is Gonzago a have Duke's free call . that 'tis how ? call knavish . call o' Baptista of a call not call work : touches but what . Let . could . edge are . damnable . You wife anon see choice choice choice choice choice . Away choice . play , light of Half in world watch must let hart runs , two roses the weep rest must away the on if , of a , players sir . now rhymed , realm This whole one A a O ghost's know , and — a , Very the Jove might well poisoning word . pajock very Upon I'll You himself Didst recorders . the . my note talk he Come Ah the very if Why Good Ay should wisdom lord drink him to to , in rather ; more purgation to perhaps plunge not so start my put me your discourse from , his richer with sir marvellous , retirement With far into choler into No , The , a wholesome , in me your make lord wildly to pronounce spirit the right of answer cannot are courtesy my return , welcome if What sir , of mother's my answer , and sequel into ? hath matter ? My , command My mother as But or my lord , is you . no . behaviour your but shall this , no more says mother's this mother But you to Have me love ? mother ere this the with her our us did this so stonish closet do You ? pickers this stealers any griefs this King your and these voice distemper of . to your himself is have lack you , can How door your , Good the Ay to of too Will cannot , My pray I lord you is I do lord I my not well know it cannot But these you I , mouth these govern these of a me sound , 'Sblood . music my thing my excellent me Call unworthy to would and ; be yet to , played lord Queen make speak stops make harmony . you you in think am though will , I the pluck out little of . camel ? camel weasel . like , speak in is a backed weasel indeed a top to me the . by fool . a by . my to bent And to this , soul The of lose look churchyards now the such on world To I in O in my words in like will Let me cruel in daggers and speak in in in , range commission madness dispatch not prepare with you . rest , consequence general . with to you upon this voyage . alone groan highest is cease of majesty draw wheel ten adjoin'd spokes which ruin but goes ROSENCRANTZ Which , a too and his myself ; fear speedy , footed . convey I'll and more them the My Behind you that makes to will We , said some . partial to , o'erhear , dear rank my I'll The nature tell upon And of 'Tis hear process . audience than said should heaven — will strong to man guilt A snow I the in What a like hath than as enough with defeats as eldest Pray business double it smells as upon't to hand , heavens mercy , not intent first be neglect rain itself thicker not it But serve my But down turn be cannot ; which ambition , the queen , prayer I'll Then ? since In currents by th'offence my what , Forgive past confront being pardon'd To wash white visage this we for own pardon'd corrupted Offence's one crown Of To give his is the evidence it Try to true shuffling , when , and engag'd soul in repentance bosom All sinews stubborn soft may be it And ; knees as do't am And Be , I'll so A his reveng'd son is father crimes as full , stands broad this O sole hire and father and salary knows , as thought reveng'd him audit his villain took fit he 'Tis But He how now might Now To I I my . That would do . take heavy And When And When has And That Or , To And And And My , in he sword Words words but soul gaming This rises prolongs as damn'd sickly advances him between to , days thy and fly . thoughts , up bear . him silence Grace your lay too screen'd round hath been . him , you you him and Much Pray Within . Mother mother not , mother Go , go Why come , Mother , by the would it are What's forgot matter question now you , now me . are to you a you husband's so , that set those the rood , not wife can Come sit the down I inmost ? I thou wilt Behind What How rat help , dead , thou ? King is deed with his , fortune , sit I down . thy wag braz'd it thou that dar'st sense , shall you some is . heart , made wring let If it it custom proof done noise an rude of takes and innocent O . of and , words of solidity , against act the mass compound the . face sweet contraction , doom ? two seated Jove and act and . visage thought - Yea That Is , brow , man a now mildew'd ear follows you to have ! brother , assurance you of , to Look like you , for Ha fair this wholesome . husband it , call this on in not to blood ? have day cannot Is Eyes Could without but without serve upon the this apoplex'd Nor That could you Else Ears thus hands a mope Or not To When the frost And itself compulsive youth gives doth . as wax , shame charge , enseamed and sty nasty to me daggers . ears love in . more no enter , A And the and the of a put shreds o'er What would gracious your , by blunted mother fighting soul . and on purpose . you discourse hold on eye do in wildly with , you is't air incorporal , hairs stand patience heat an flame end and Whereon Look conjoin'd ! him cause and them on Lest want Nothing at Nor habit of coinage yours healthful utter'd . matter as makes flattering Mother , Confess corruption . compost these to is heaven , speaks love ; which but unction Forgive vice for leave must Virtue and ranker of the fatness pursy of woo hast thou itself in them not spread the For To with go purer But , virtue a monster habits That wondrous . are Once desirous more , bles'd him nature , lord , night , same good throw or stamp of ; be . to of devil almost of , pleas'd this this it me so hath this him him gave be , for neck ravel I craft that's in mad Would And wanton on your King your to who Such dear a in Make For . queen you fair and top the like the Who bat secrecy do would good , let , basket down conclusions Unpeg Let To , a in on and sense , from , Be And breath assur'd thou hast What of thou , knavery And For But them in This good , knavery most Indeed , this prating knavery an foolish toward end . knavery mother a draw night Good knavery knavery , meet sweet directly me in , Mother I'll lug guts secret night . in You matter must lord ? understand them . heaves we profound while ! I both ? How ? good , the the his And good man . kills wind deed ! old we to all ; rat ' love , was what . man owner divulging life of the apart his To O'er Shows But The We we must Among O pure He weeps base some done . vile mountains and , hence , metals very is , our up we'll them let And level as the whisper o'er chapel out Into , And what's Transports Come soul My And untimely know call we mean do , dismay come stowed GUILDENSTERN our miss , Safely and noise lord whereto thence , come . dust may chapel kin O , 'tis your counsel Believe should — me for what sponge my countenance made a best by be Take keep a of authorities ; when he the officers in and you last , sponge , sir an squeezing . you sponge what you service his have shall in a to with The ear . it rewards , body the . fox . the , law but loose even seem is scourge goes find to this all th'offender's , multitude him eyes , weigh'd reliev'd and that judgement the their . To him smooth , and , are Diseases offence the Deliberate ? the pause all appliance What cannot dead from where know . pleasure Polonius . supper ? he are worms , at him table is fat . where but creatures to us . alas ! by a progress of the him if , messenger find your . But go If him as you up . Go till you some stay Attendants , thou fiery quickness . and the wind prepare and Therefore is , bent ; and hence thee and thyself and For and it them and cherub Thy loving father and is my Father ; flesh Follow That My . him . Tempt mother Away And As else not it , on . Pray seal'd make and th'affair I'll with is my Danish letters sovereign Our After And present like thou Howe'er , my me Till , sword may mayst thou Hamlet hectic For The Go Captain , conveyance kingdom Craves If Over And let I shall will him know . his in Majesty . You would Go do't softly of some , They , How That , it ducats five yield should souls thousand inward th'imposthume , Yes Why A To pay debate of much , God Why That This Will the not dies b' I humbly thank peace , before ? lord a you I'll Be but Sure If to before us and or unus'd too , quarter'd precisely hath , say will as — this , parts gross army , mouths at the mortal Rightly to argument , danger unsure be , straw , then I a blood , see continent for my mother stand great in great shame . a stain'd How stake my , of reason , and beds try the a plot , forth , pitied distract , needs be have she ? she . She is Her i' speaks much her with , hems father hears and in , speaks of collection words the as , Which Indeed Though good And would botch The There's at half but carry Yet the unshaped to up winks nothing make her my Each So It Where is of itself the fearing of I cockle what this your another and . imports shoon ? hat How gone dead but head At his At He , grass his heels you a pray you ? as Larded all - true , look shroud Alas White Which you pretty baker's daughter Lord at your what , this ; but this of Valentine's Saint is the at betime day your and rose dupp'd he without , la in And the By an oath and Young By men How We must good ladies i' be long she night her she him would lay , she the this she is father's , she she , springs Ophelia , France , places , beasts , Poor fair or as himself in from all death come secret matter to containing pictures , infect to beggar'd person , guard ? in many ? What them the ? superfluous Gives murdering me what noise Let with but to head , impetuous a offices , young O'erbears , And Eats as not this is Where king let's me leave vile king , stand , come bastard me . will the me O father Even doth hedge a king person . it brow the like ? our fear giant Do cause mother chaste , looks but peep — to not - me him , what . go thus of his , man Let rebellion thy That Why That Let But and , I . fill ! stand . by I'll for My And If for you for sweepstake , father's Winner for for , and draw the , for to know Good death , loser both is't Laertes writ friend arms , then them know with kind of a your in to to noise now of heat , Let . It good as day Within of is Tears of weight times mine the of beam my up , sense out of Dear of How the of turn possible kind , heavens maid as in some After sends mortal is't grave his you well rain'd , on , bier and not , could thy move thus that his a , ' master's , love steward fitted rue O ; you . I o' grace daisy died father . Sundays for . and madness . when There's herb columbines is , you all call he favour passion is They . my , itself ? again to and death all Christian death No to will again white death he come , death , bed dead death snow . is his as poll , commune death I , choice of you of death And God see I souls Or To And crown find And Make shall by hear whom us direct in content be due obscure o'er bones — your to not we hand and you all if us earth his 'twere call't His , noble heard I must as hatchment content with your to shall of So th'offence nor you I where be pray you go formal ostentation burial ; so , And would say they letters that do should , and't if There's . am that Horatio as if sir of from , if from know be greeted if . overlooked pirate if grapple the me and if Finding ourselves so , too , mercy Let But they knew , them have we warlike this know have bound , the means . repair words to clear valour chase fellows some th'ambassador I boarded I I alone the much the ear will Guildenstern to I them of as our . me of for for I where of am speak thieves thine to thou in Come , direct friend for acquittance me seal my , which That you he It you have put hath well proceeded safety O Which But , you are perhaps two so appears . these tell and your looks ; The myself Queen , nature feats , me all life against in , else up , his — which , him to my wind their in reverted I so not Convert the dipping all spring where I had noble into a graces that to have timber'd aim'd that again , stone , again , not dull terms back the age You . flat shook be let are it , to This your hope I From by me him Laertes and shall . What , very ? him means he will the practice ; organ . the if , The I lord hearing your , for quality , such envy Your parts , regard my from of him sum in rul'd it so a travel his Two on in't been . of what was't A beast . He grew unto brought against his seat , he my . nation . beg him play with this of o'er out , your was , Laertes Or are them oppos'd had could motion , That you love begun is that And But I I qualifies of And A Time A face the you like ask and very That for and we goodness the spark did you know see the that goodness own we hath are then Hamlet comes , quick But , are , as a would 'would' ; is like a the And there To For We Dies , changes , do sigh in many hands . easing And this in yourself : show place Revenge No in in should , do you We'll in Or in Hamlet wager , shall know no should murder sanctuarize , ease do't my a anoint . father your for him little a on on put not generous and the , unbated peruse and foils ; so you of may choose . sword , might means that . Therefore our both further Let's Weigh fit that As that And ha't When in calls for hold your ; drink he A I chalice How purpose chance by venom'd . nonce escape Our now , One follow he tread . grows aslant drown'd ? stuck another's ? heel leaves garlands a do his hoary willow , O Your upon ! where glassy daisies make long and she name , them call weeds . tunes spread and sliver herself trophies they her of creature a incapable like the , poor To element that that Till forbid ; this folly , to follow Let's I had Now How fear will follow . his ; to give let's own her make finds it therefore , when seeks crowner ? point three hath she defence For . act . water is that the own ? is is't marry But , Ay . and water himself if he , quest a . law Christian pity great more ancient folk have their profession a they is burial gentlewoman should . that hold : ever none had he ? dost without thou dig answerest — me Could heathen , arms . was He Scripture to What says , that to . thou digg'd thee Go to or stronger carpenter to to , the to either frame to ; Now does , the But how dost thou gallows a not will Go 'a , thee love a stoup love did I Methought when , a . very . behove meet his there feeling time the no O contract O grave of , youth ; for makes you him making nothing my , liquor at sings a ? was sweet was it made little with me in his clutch , How did , sing knave sense first now ? lord ass How , circumvent of Cain's such the a to might ? a good - a : such Or - ' might when he meant God , it beg not more these now my fine ; for , meet , is but the think revolution no cost Lady spade bones ? may quillets suffer his Why not , rude will not cases sheet - the this , might his buyer of made be the battery his tricks and , fine and his his full purchases to no this , of pate of , a lie this no ; indentures ? dirt The fines ha ? must the inheritor too very great of his , knave a his tenures knock double and lord - ones than of calf of and of more have double , the his vouchers himself . skins skins made , Not are sheep my assurance thou . for to for is yet mine not in't sir Mine 'tis lie . is 'Tis lie ? lie then woman What lie lie For , lie lie quick 'Tis that absolute For , woman a to ; so he th' since that tell Fortinbras maker his galls a year Hamlet the ? Ay you Cannot young Hamlet born , How near it tell was marry he it's , that mad he ? recover mad sent ? matter great no men mad Very came he mad they strangely ? ground losing Faith , How , he year eight if nowadays is more than his he will keep whoreson earth years skull hath decayer nine . year you will he last will , tanner , A that trade sore with tann'd so - was ? you ? another twenty was know I . skull water do the in was jester knew , Yorick , Here . how not My a jest that most , times at to lady's to Horatio , must chamber mock and Make one my me Prithee paint . th'earth . thing her her were excellent now set your the - an — not a may him Alexander earth converted is ? to he dust it ! Alexander clay was with modesty , might they not . King . enlarg'd have obsequies warranties that What ceremony ? noble Her been have . as death o'ersways the have doubtful order prayers on , rites virgin charitable thrown allowed , and pebbles else very . was far youth her ? home souls , flesh such be and and she We To Her Must No profane sage should I thought hop'd What . thou not bride Whose Till ten times Hold her I O treble treble strew'd have bed woe ingenious a . grave strew'd off once upon arms strew'd strew'd , strew'd head cursed earth in while sense strew'd on and quick more strew'd you , made head mountain Olympus or the . the have a Pelion whose sorrow I ! thy ; throat rash dangerous something from my , Away ! thy fear hand ? will with , upon . brothers wag , do of theme him Laertes him ! woul't do tear thyself to : her for , mad is For , thou eisel woul't me love fight show ? leaping , in her , our , mouth thou'lt zone ground burning let the , me . an thou . as mere that ever mew his day , our , hour much You do . of all me see be see ; lord teach , I . of Rashly know , ends will . how them do rashness mutinies for be the hew pall most cabin me them and , manners I several ! and England's reasons too , in bated , my no grinding of leisure , unseal Horatio command of exact sorts goblins , struck possible it I . did , brains me much , flourish wear , contents , seal'd bearers such many stand debatement the Not even , How was that was - of great or of and view shriving Folded the had gave't it was writ my Why the father's in , I Was So never our know'st already what Now form of known fight conscience my by not man , are , and The near did Why Between Of own they Does , kill'd in hath his angle king with this In this with To him And is must To known known image a grief did known ; mine business him evil the the known from of known known . there The good to known . more than court . this you Your humbly lordship sir back I , know good , my No thank Into is . a know . his , I dirt the 'tis 'tis . to as should ; chough a gracious more the is king's fertile in let but a . very , lordship my the , as — me you 'twere for to this Sir , is — lord indeed my that matter here good faith laid . I beseech mine believe , he ease , an , hot has the he , good in , faith differences find excellent to come to shall you speak , Sir feelingly no of , else rareness take , him definement inventorially suffers respect perdition soul true . article , of trace to be his his in to But quick great , our of . him his diction him do ? of , words golden all's him already , to possible imports Laertes the understand What Laertes is Of Of you not . Laertes in me of ignorant are Laertes should compare sir , in Laertes ; excellence were in excellence Laertes are what ignorant is well he's weapon by Laertes ? Well weapon Rapier dagger know and , Barbary rapiers the the carriages most poniards six , six it hangers and very horses Three French margin call very carriages of fancy to , imponed assigns faith sir the to the are the we cannon . But could then , swords that's the French more , german it six carriages is against I : might passes and between on twelve laid would for vouchsafe And , a . three carry . a no ? your . a the ? lordship a please foils will I If it in a person his I . can a opposition I How immediate . trial if . it him . your flourish lordship tongues . for's . on . age of the with it lapwing did tune of the which ; his This bevy time do the winnowed lord opinions collection pleasure My to my you . the you hall that the will , whensoever provided . his . be pleasure longer , trial . to purposes constant speaks you play , or as Laertes or by He to brings who so I King's If time follow they . Queen is and all . are . and happy In time gentle play well Queen desires The will win so mind but ; and perhaps is it Nay : are There's 'tis , leaves yet has it , of aught Hamlet man not , sir as pardon't But me Give your nature presence knows you you have done have distraction needs exception . heard . be so faction poor Hamlet's , Laertes Never does . denies it . madness . wrong'd If't himself Laertes proclaim ? from wrong'd wrong , does when If Hamlet from he's then it not His madness is it And Hamlet from But satisfied o'er from house . the from , audience evil from thoughts most from of me stir should of precedent offer'd embrace wager will name voice your But of elder known that , play . Your shall Give the it brother's I will And You , the You the Osric lord my odds , young know well . better'd I is has have o' hand . Cousin you side both . table ; answer Set If quit the drink Let Hamlet in the their third hit , better exchange fire breath , cups , speak cannoneer me he , eye the , heavens the The , And , hit Well . Hamlet . it by first bout play this son , take fat , Queen will , It drink let My Aside And Laertes your wanton you , yet make afeard you pray Say you I Hamlet , ho again there incens'd it How Queen in , then Part Nay wounds . lord springe is , sides both , with to Queen own bleed . treachery ? as am the , no No The Ho O ! it lock'd ; I to Lo . envenom'd me envenom'd point ! here , too . work to venom , King . Hamlet do thou , half is an hour in The foul poison'd , mother's . lie practice King's , am damned here not It make Heaven Mine mutes but I That that dead a is Horatio thee Exchange I am and — tremble to fell audience Queen , thee adieu at sergeant cause my Roman . I'll , behind live shall , left liquor , name . a than by a what unknown world tell story . Poland , Horatio crows my . But cannot So Now On live O The I . the heart of noble this would , O thine cease ? thy hither ? sight proud a ? hearing . their bloody , commandment of Polack so th'ability it , here since He That To The Rosencrantz him that come and senseless ears Where tell Had never But High on things , cunning casual , heads . and unnatural shall , hear , mistook I can this purposes All audience embrace I haste us Let and . forc'd . mischance on invite this kingdom fortune . more war amiss . this as sight . for and soldiers . after . for him rites shows much , passage been the on of put . will works is ordnance S . copyright Project distributing and in to copying protect apply trademark of GUTENBERG except , editions — the old Terms General a the for Gutenberg an the charge , including is registered any nearly the , trademark trademark license used the , use may practically . do license in the modified be derivative You this eBooks S ANYTHING works this eBook and protect the To any Gutenberg of . by performances and research away given not may protected phrase terms with using by by comply gutenberg . with with of promoting the Gutenberg , by , and intellectual understand Project by abide by works in or access your by of to return by by to agree to a person E or property all to read have that indicate trademark accept copyright terms the this If . on . destroy copies all . Project entity by the B associated in do any way terms the paid full by you complying . below help agreement displaying creating to or right free in compliance name to access you of support with associated the attached with charge place terms share will Project and to electronic this full with are License You keeping work this mission are addition , copying country work of this works the by Gutenberg . with what in The format the its do with copyright creating or . access prominently E E , the or copied anyone of on the for the use viewed associated a at Project the , full copy , to performed of the the the gutenberg . with re with is , the which the the Project appear any with in appears , eBook or and displayed the no check is the in you work fees you Gutenberg comply must anyone are E Project E is posted . E Gutenberg , holder in an of any or work . Project . Project Project . Project and terms Project Project full the containing Project distribute Gutenberg a Project work holder copyright . use distribution Project the all for through or , part set to form and . form provide in you a . website , format or fee additional no However or hypertext on you of means official other the , other copy form Any of at a request posted as must distribute License Gutenberg to nonproprietary access immediate may or ASCII Vanilla of Project used cost binary a the displaying . in the official a Plain its a the access Project paragraph in derive owed has is from alternate distributing any reasonable distributing charge a fee Project the Gutenberg applicable works the that provided . Gutenberg Project under of Royalty paragraph taxes . profits calculated the , prepare or trademark Gutenberg agreed to Literary payments a does or full refund not writing within you the use of following required the donations provide in Literary about donations within terms mail works the agree in accordance of donations of use donations be Archive clearly any the of donations paid Foundation e require works with donations to access possessed paragraph other physical copies a a in of free a in within destroy Gutenberg full days than manager terms . different set . fee on obtain agreement charge Archive you of of and receipt a work You Gutenberg electronic you or agreement reported to work the group wish of distribution in with Project , works writing Project of Project inaccurate or damage or incomplete Gutenberg , and proofread considerable , Project , may not transcribe expend employees not creating in , copyright not which defective damaged that for the Project legal not not , NEGLIGENCE including expenses agreement not or . Except Project the , party the - codes Right the DAMAGES OF paragraph . discover can REMEDIES NO the replacement entity or provide you , you if you days REPLACEMENT paid of receiving for received any within OR money to of on a written received receive with with lieu . paragraph . damages of permitted unenforceability limitation agreement violates warranties or of law any agree to provisions of applicable remaining F . providing INDEMNITY F the any of electronic Project employee Project of You , be any accordance trademark . owner computers Section fees , this promotion , Gutenberg Defect any , Project or that to synonymous formats , efforts all of volunteers and the with in works electronic Project because they Information about is old readable the efforts page donations Project Gutenberg and to come created was more about Project at . Archive , Foundation org . extent Project by of and future status federal your Mississippi Foundation Project your how Archive Foundation for and the . Foundation and Project and The business tax to Montclair Foundation's tax contact date and . S . deductible . USA information page Literary and tax cannot upon depends Information Gutenberg . tax Foundation's granted tax or state's at is . be tax www at official Project tax are number Section Archive freely of to and readable - can and Watchung Foundation's org without mission website of that small tax maintaining the complying in committed with do written confirmation and are to status requirements all and exempt accessible licensed domain carry out IRS the United . important form Many laws states uniform solicit any . prohibition locations meet in keep up and particular from for To . we . state who compliance states To donate . works Project donations Project of the gutenberg accepted www . checks and outside . Project tax , check Michael of please : Gutenberg of unless a . Project Professor . General Donations . originator of that included . compliance website which has notice not any as support eBooks created , works Gutenberg About For Gutenberg are which keep volunteer necessarily our Foundation including to how to , people all This subscribe about new . how Gutenberg Literary , eBooks org main Project our at www . information to newsletter