. Stand Stand Stand He . Stand ? the Barnardo Stand to bed bitter heart Stand 'Tis . upon thee thanks much am mouse a Well do watch , them ho this Friends I hear them to liegemen Stand is night good to who my honest place , And . good - night hath ! soldier , is thing this have has Horatio says let sight dreaded will I this Touching have the fantasy of night of him seen , again , but 'tis entreated hold seen Horatio . That And us night of that westward myself , of one part The Peace In the figure , a same it Thou art Looks scholar like thee not break Question It What Stay sometimes In Did it ! It , I ! this What God the Of ! my Without ! Is Before not , Horatio think I true on had angry ice on . this our dead watch . hour not , know state opinion our eruption scope and strange some most me to I of bodes This , Good Why And foreign So why mart toils such for implements of to the joint that this with labourer inform - from me the : day ? Our to That goes as even , At least , Thereto Was such Why What the Who night sweaty . appear'd now can valiant esteem'd his conqueror competent return'd seal'd which world most known law by article ; inheritance King a , young hot , which of life by forfeit this Which Had For up list of . of our the gaged he stood been Was he To fell to carriage Now sir full , there : King . land , Roman the in ere graves gibber of fire tenantless squeak stars Disasters Upon And As prologue to preceding like even Was in Have And But cross soft If to If That If to me thing , thy , to to ease me foreknowing O hast , Or Extorted happily speak my ! not with if 'Tis Shall of Th'extravagant and the trumpet shrill of made on 'gainst of crowing that the the truth . herein , throat the sounding at earth his morn comes , long strike no then hath is the power . clad eastward time no so , heard , the our Unto needful we do't Let's As , dumb loves him my to with acquaint , upon have what ; us shall find , and Voltemand befitted death nature with fought of 'twere with this as far so To bear we Together our discretion to jointress one auspicious sometime discretion wisest with we With in With Your discretion better scale wife affair this ; discretion . weak a discretion discretion discretion wisdoms that along , and delight a dropping dirge in eye one and weighing with nor , Lost our To his impotent Thus much this good , gait further lists Cornelius full in purpose ; subject and proportions , young rid have Fortinbras : much for him scarcely all Voltemand Norway power hears writ here suppress are bed uncle - of nephew's herein His Giving ; Farewell For bearers with to business To you and CORNELIUS dilated the this of and to . commend we more the scope , you show What to thou , Laertes Laertes with , asking , the not , thy the , thy instrumental have lord I in duty show Yet now To I and them and my to your that What from my and , beseech will you do By Upon I , hath his Take But now , little fair best more the it lord . A is my let And , thy , thy Seek for for noble father all thy . the common . thy thy , thy not is of solemn , particular so is thee ? know seems . of shows woe father might indeed play ; Hamlet father lost the a and course survivor bound grief persevere a and mind nature , as sense , a But heaven is today to earth us of think and , he that world the , heaven fault a a , in We , Fie we fault We for ; absurd and We most less immediate We no which toward beseech We most the chiefest in courtier , We mother stay all ; her cousin comfort you our bears to back going And Our not shall in pray Here is cheer , go not to madam . whereof , Hamlet grace , a and Denmark loving . unforc'd ; clouds shall bruit again Come . away . today accord Denmark heaven the King's jocund cannon that the thunder earthly rouse , God O unprofitable ! this nature two heaven on — month she even old woman him hang had , shoes wants longer but no more with , she poor is ! would . the winds within father's my ere or . appetite yet that ; Why uncle . cannot I lordship see your I glad to Hail Horatio your your your to see . your ? Marcellus make your truant very what I , glad My what But I We'll what is you lord prithee I I father My Or Would saw I was My lord , Saw lord The , ear admiration for these hear these nights and In dead Appears slow their Almost Armed By Form And , as thing comes deliver'd . apparition , My lord I was was But where hands was was you answer made was was we let very away . strange honour'd writ it in , lord know you the MARCELLUS sirs , but ? tonight our . BARNARDO this my you and lord my top My lord saw Then , my I It , very have like , longer Longer MARCELLUS beard was His with moderate Not , will 'twill warrant assume it hold you If bid I If speak to And Let And it have Give I some sit Till Though the all o'erwhelm , still necessaries convoy And But and the , do are as And A violet a not perfume and For greatness The His The virtue And thews Grows wide now is for unvalu'd his his : depends ; you loves state do choice , open songs treasure sustain , danger of it his Ophelia of chariest . affection . spring moon strokes desire enough be the galls 'scapes their and most buttons blastments the And are , then wary the shot in The If she As Show shall th'effect of this none lesson do brother ; second a rede dalliance . thorny and you for your , comes . There grace ; There with sail There of my thy , There There Those There There habit censure th'opposed but steel There . judgement , not , thy comrade being few beware may with dull hatch'd a to that thine thy in thy , reserve , thy thy not palm of proclaims rank best the man : that gaudy station and buy ; man's man they Neither oft dulls most And not of loan in select borrower a For This above And The you And he , keep the . shall Farewell touching , well hath the bethought : of oft to you ; most 'tis free as caution — my understand audience , private behoves do way your 'Tis Have And What He Affection Do I That are — not Which , My Running Marry it not , thus lord In given almost all holy . how woodcocks speech his call may countenance the catch When , blood springes With to , blazes prodigal : as , than these heat fire , your . is this presence maiden a - daughter both , that may . few For higher Lord , Hamlet rate ; brokers , Ophelia are he walk . your lord my come , obey The air heard I ? Indeed I Wherein it not held No does this and tonight of pledge . thus custom And More to the to This us clepe us our addition , in chances though and , tax'd headed born though marry tax'd . men guilty , them tax'd ; tax'd not tax'd are they particular choose origin — Fortune's of tax'd that or stamp too forts of one men tax'd grace — much the — as man general , Nature's Carrying his the To own scandal . grace call questionable charitable from , shape blasts or a thee . Dane . in , the sepulchre ? nature disposition should we do , it did alone away impartment . ground . courteous with then , to with . it follow lord the pin's to ? the form reason , the to beneath . body me thee . him . gentlemen nerve . lets . Denmark . Heaven will ; 'tis Have follow after To what Something Whither When , what I bound So thou done confin'd thy fires I am , word spheres blood house , unfold unfold unfold — murder unfold unfold unfold ; unnatural and love with best the , I strange it is . wings . of Hamlet orchard of , Denmark , wharf in my , on the whole youth life noble of beast have gifts traitorous - seeming most a love hand was of were mov'd vow , dignity off falling whose me Hamlet soft And on Sleeping secure cursed the the . scent of hour thy of juice Upon My let And Holds such gates sudden body effect did vial stole afternoon celestial garbage I Brief a natural That an of leperous porches , with it So and vile instant , my like tetter bark'd droppings eager vigour into did about brother's my at by body . a queen , once , account sin ; my to blossoms the , but sent my it act her let thy this be . else fire be , heaven lodge at . near , my , past pressures , records all forms , fond memory , old thee a holds thee . word my Denmark a down villain and be ! lord my Come lord ? Good Not I you But To you ; right without , Ay ne'er But no your every Look For Such These are but Never As known make My lord not my , not will swear't lord , lord . truepenny . good Swear sword that by . fast ? myself on never shall , and , think shake they if if note to might' you help , So Beneath . spirit . man poor I love all And With , my rest still Nay The come was I ever , money my , good Reynaldo , they Look it . are Paris you come of him . friends , more it mark lord do you Reynaldo ; demands . demands demands demands demands demands . so lord may that , My must You That's A good you this ? that , sir , would , here's a prenominate 'friend , be or addition assur'd th' my warrant drift little of you , i' sullies slight these a of you him , of seen you ever closes of He The , ' 'Good of sir And At of Or with him saw , 'I Videlicet then Your windlasses we falsehood , him he gaming you in , There There was with falling out enter of indirections , of so and , at a house : carp and of you See sale' truth not ? you , Observe inclination , yourself in him ply his . lord . And of he with if horrors speak Mad do not know for thy love but said the he What wrist hand length to other such . Long waving of and profound up , and so his piteous so it a did seem That head his with end And over As over his over And being to over done to . find doors last over with me is violent leads the over the as Whose you good did my , What repel ; but lord His as quoted to wreck seems him thee as in to as kept love . might sort trifle as King , utter and long use you to see as did Guildenstern . you as provoke you it as heard , him , you put him humour court our gather , glean him remedy our . to you unknown within to of not you please to good will to , are to will , to . to such thanks our us . hope awhile and . it . remembrance . bent . your . commanded gentle Rosencrantz of visit , some is , to Hamlet Go where and to . amen my return'd news good lord good my , mine of brain sure have policy found I hear to . feast and bring to do fruit fruit him . fruit . fruit fruit . fruit Norway friends sift we shall our marriage the our and sent greetings which levies against was so borne , Highness 'gainst the whereat truly Polack fine Majesty , fee those soldiers : Polack annual in against further overcome with your , more out his ; uncle the give quiet , pass allowance enterprise , set are And such it regards It more Most Meantime to Go thank we Answer This business night , night is brevity the but is day to nothing be And tediousness , brief it mad he , I is And 'tis that true I for him that farewell Madam that that that that That Mad Or that let But find out grant , the defective whilst , obedience and Now . ill phrase : and duty soul's the and her my gather this ; Came am best lady dear most whilst , and , him ; solicitings love ? honourable . what you wing you that , dumb - here what must on might might love of faithful think man so As fain had I When would prove I As dear had my my Or Before I given If my Or you And must This Hamlet is should she not be , Admit he Which to And Thence to a Into you It there positively otherwise prov'd it have been Do ? likely . fain so I'd time , ''Tis ? be does in sometimes At Be you encounter reason If indeed he Here he I'll I . for fall'n love he state away . leave me ? reading poor it . comes mercy . picked be one . man . so lord my honest Then would Honest be , breed a ten the walk may sun conceive daughter i' I Have daughter you have said th' . Words I gone me How not at first that by truly in the matter Between the For their ; and that have not Though this yet hams have grey thick old . lord men purging backward most of powerfully backward it I lack thus a set you backward crab and down like backward ? backward . in't sometimes leave backward of more you part . him daughter . my that . life he is my life , the not not over of soles we cap lord my , of button favours her very happy shoe . privates we of true ? her Faith , that , prison prison world there is the a one worst , nothing good narrow for a my , there To me . so it you We think to ; one it in are merely dream beggars Shall we We'll wait you with , friendship , I lord am the man what , other ; but free , for there , you Were Come craft not you is and have sent our could me , hold my , have To I an . your mirth . I feather prevent , If you . my anticipation sent discovery disposition my for and indeed and to ; not , goes fretted than to roof is me man a , how , god me what admirable how you not moving and though . Man animals of the dust world like an , laugh when no nor woman : I you if you receive from are players , my lord you shall not coted seem And me such coming knight adventurous the the think by then , 'Man We offer — his , man , delight . comes estimation they indeed ? in little clapped for't tyrannically common stages goose of — Who longer - no means themselves if quality they are berattle afraid themselves than no should children themselves pursue , their the controversy to much themselves themselves themselves O Do there they , do ; my lord . while ducats him this my for lived picture . natural out . players are to welcome more appear to fashion is extent - father dear . a swaddling say . clouts is an . That , I southerly ear his out gentlemen each them to come second there for me . for players of child a , tell lord Monday twice tell you I have When . my . was news lord My I in - comical pastoral actors - Seneca . unlimited tragical O law The I first The are welcome the pious row my , thou . altitude to , more you . comes I friend is in chopine . falconers speech lord my was I top down phrase the in no set the was play the But the in affectation loved chiefly memory where begin at speaks 'Twas It The Black Hath now When he , one said no but very . much line : Pyrrhus , dismal gules black the the night trick'd , streets in in it your live thereabout see — it in begins let it in not his this in , in grandsire So well spoken good you seeks and in good , in accent , wide strikes his , fell crash sword , Ilium senseless , falls where flaming hideous milky and . this wind of rage , with a the Pyrrhus . will stand orb thunder pause , Hecuba . or come to beard long your with ; bawdry 'Mobled queen' , is threat'ning the good clout A down , stood o'erteemed and all tongue of in her sport pronounc'd then made husband's malicious that not gods the burning no ? bestowed the well no out speak no no you players thee have see your After will death they for , no after Use them report the you much , I will no in every according bad and have you than the time no desert The in . epitaph better were My them more Use better use . is Come merit the , lines , dozen my thou Dost my ha't my or Rosencrantz . and my . tomorrow my Very well my I would ? and look my lord my . that night so O Ay But Tears forms to his voice for ? motive her he or Hecuba cue the drown What would stage for to ! nothing he passion tears ; cause free with indeed . of , I speech with horrid the , rascal I coward dear a across breaks . gives nose my calls by the me Plucks And Like Tweaks Ha me off as deep As 'Swounds To make , I should slave's treacherous , pigeon am oppression - liver'd the : lecherous , vengeance ! I dear This revenge an , what I Prompted , Must murder With most like . have to cunning that Foh ! play a ! drab words , heard their have it proclaim'd very creatures by More Wherein Abuses me me can And me him turbulent all me confess he will me so why harshly and me him madness to be to ? well gentleman . of our . demands his much free him it in to in seem the so you Most , as I think a of court , me , content hither , behav'd your you the I happy cause , this please so you , on Read to that may oft an To . ourselves That Is Than And Devoutly sleep , in calamity . There's long man's whips makes would pangs of wrong insolence love , off unworthy and quietus off scorns the of contumely law's , proud the off and so off , office off of merit himself off Who under would bodkin the dread The off But makes fly conscience thus does Than Thus sicklied And And rather bear we cowards pale currents . in a day ? their their their their their . their of deliver . lord givers when more them made Take My lord ? lordship your honesty your , fair and you be honest to have beauty force of better commerce of , Are your ? beauty power than bawd for , Ay it what into Indeed should You to a . honest Why I nunnery ; believe better were , in believe the believe thou dost as a chaste believe ice marry , nunnery ; believe a believe nunnery know go heavenly men O of heard your make I'll no nickname you marriages paintings too another creatures more more the , O what soldier's courtier's ; rest God's , You you your me already mad To . eye state of fair , here and rose of , scholar's of honey of all fashion observers most noble that the ladies his feature out and music of most deject sovereign tune seen of me see is way seen tend , a seen in brood the and melancholy There's hatch seen , doubt do his danger some like not Was O'er seen For Haply This Whereon seen From do shall It and tell . fit it My us what , after the entreat , where not the him , him ? Ophelia please , him . confine him ear go not so . had torrent saw players unwatch'd I air to to acquire all , do too very all all all me you all a passion , nothing periwig smoothness all , it whirlwind dumb , tutor be , your this both , nature action the honour with discretion of pressure unskilful . of form censure ; off judicious tardy though it his own purpose scorn the make and that , was her the virtue show body to whole theatre the time play , that , of seen profanely a Christian thought pagan , journeymen imitated let those indifferently them meantime villainous uses , and on now How hear King the Will , quantity . for some , too And Will Bid the Queen players and GUILDENSTERN my ho , sweet as your cop'd As my O Horatio Nay no do , what For And Where feed That and No To thee candied , may not I from good poor spirits election hast her knee be ? hear thou absurd of Dost For of thou . buffets . so well blessed - those mingled , death foot , guilt , seen ; speech have we one act my the father's - note ; face the pay will you Enter Get the . flourish coming to detecting the , Well play we whilst my play this . play is play I , play , Polonius mine i' play accounted Hamlet was enact play . good actor Capitol th' enact Caesar lord , What my , That mine now nor No did I was a hither , good my kill me kill'd . Julius him dear they ; my , mother , To the Lady , No , my lie upon country , nothing to lie is What thought fair lord . Nothing do merry my , What maker two hours and man a father have forgotten life and , whose months devil wear ago twice whose sables whose . a She and whose and whose hobby - hobby he whose , whose and a seeing kneels , declines his him , returns her Poisoner Queen The The lament with with with gifts Queen woos seeming action . to the mallecho end accepts his mallecho . mallecho mischief of show cannot mallecho counsel , mallecho mallecho . I'll means you to play a ring posy , are tell our mark the tragedy . extremity I sun be sick so done been borrow'd sacred and moon love ere . state must , kind world leave haply — as do shortly to one thou and love , behind . first the let For belov'd and accurst me wed None O second the must that thrift . wormwood marriage none . love . speak you to poor on be mellow either themselves , ourselves 'tis when that ourselves we in we or destroy is . debt , accident not strange , 'tis change , joy grief , should left fortune , makes mark of else tend love . favourite our ; for our even 'tis poor man hitherto down lead loves not aye yet his enemies or with fortune friends on shall love never friend where run , from from from from beguile . awhile from leave break it from wife day tedious Sweet . grow The mischance from us , play how , Madam like you this . offence th' world name work of but , is Marry , Gonzago how ? souls free knavish ; withers to the King lord . I Let that the is play , his us not lord lord . lord . agreeing lord revenge , lord my Pox doth raven lord the , begin , apt lord else midnight Italian choice . see . Gonzago His fire with What and , him in gets the very th'garden written murderer Give some All . light Give lord ? some of world , Lights lights the , some , a ungalled fellowship a the a . two cry with ; not fortunes shoes this Would For So must sir with ungalled and share one know , Damon reigns pajock was ungalled . himself , very very O now . dismantled I ghost's . rhymed note well talk Very , well the ? for a poisoning not . perdie , comedy recorders . history — sir a some it , my No Your , wisdom for lord , put show lord ; put your from discourse him into wildly far itself into my affair You this me make not if a answer . wit's or matter the command to or your or My ; or or or so admiration or . mother times you by still your do lord own , I , lack voice of . advancement your deny the Denmark in you succession , but , the have grass grows when me my if not pray . beseech you , ventages the stops will with it . harmony of Look a skill unworthy how know from me music , my , you do upon what 'Sblood you with that's mass the Methinks will so easily the churchyards now yawn to Contagion When And this such bitter Soft Nero thy enter be to , of daggers lose quake By by and My To seals them in me . business could Now not on look to heart Let will I speak O him dispatch safe us , peculiar the all With To Fix'd Each mortis'd Are Did Arm you , King boist'rous ruin with , footed this this you pray fetters free GUILDENSTERN haste . home , said mother o'erhear liege , not first cursed : will intent , bound begin mercy ? force fall up of I'll Then my what we snow with if business strong my blood Whereto offence look form murder me , foul murder queen — prayer am and the my did the by prize not we the forehead black the , stubborn the soft Be the the of when one as ? of . angels ! Make babe praying : villain , bread who , reveng'd heaven , act , my , and never advances remain . go below to , him hear thy thou Hamlet Withdraw mother Now , Mother , Come , Why What's Have rood , Queen by not so would , are , I'll may and set the the No , your , the see Help , Behind wilt What thou Dead for a rat , know , O O As bloody A Thou kill As king , is Peace hands Take so a a a — danger , stuff it a for , too heart a not and have that bulwark braz'd a thou of , rose love an , and against compound sweet contraction Heaven's as act Makes of and at the act the . doom face the , in , this on two and brow , brothers on ? what his , age it's , tame is , have , humble your you have at , love Ha ; blood the ecstacy not to this judgement , in upon this sense , such To But Eyes That thus , Ears Could Or without cozen'd feeling sickly eyes feeling you , reserv'd at hoodman - blind devil smelling sight sans ? in , in ? in spots , in , in charge in villain empire more . shelf of precedent cutpurse from it . and . guards hover ! Alas he's . come time in . your tardy passion ! say of . This visitation thy sits purpose blunted dread almost on her and bodies . Hamlet works fighting mother lets go ? discourse peep , son alarm excrements the , this ? stones convert me ! but as it steals liv'd creation is the This yours as My pulse makes healthful . will Lay That gambol And I the have I That And utter'd . your not what's in the itself and , O To And For them fatness Forgive of vice woo . ranker curb hast for the worser my heart in it half not bed . and livery out , be bles'd night ; behind kind night so minister and will , bed you do ? I shall What more , and , So and again . cruel gave bestow be , him only good One means that word the wanton Let Or let paddling But dear from Would Such who to . fair and house's the . the neck made be of to know to . you concluded , so my , way my schoolfellows on that ? as and : seal'd will Whom There's Hoist But in at sport knavery have 't forgot letters , lug shall one petard , below and 'tis their most . mines . yard moon two set Indeed prating and packing , knave . neighbour sir was translate these These your matter sighs your us what little seen your I a your How ? your place and sea mightier your , stir rat us threats had ! old lawless fit In . hearing good 'A something his out But Alas But But Should Even To But But with ship must all , and But metals weeps come shall Gertrude no , we But Shows The and Hamlet both Come , the Both And speak so our in and you fair , to slander we up haply mean his what , shot the cannon world's bring haste he what's . untimely o'er level As And Whose his hit the soul Transports you Compounded it 'tis with dust ! and ROSENCRANTZ it Tell And where us bear can authorities them Ay , last an , gleaned service , by be made the son my countenance best his jaw first ear in sleeps lord , the not the not , is not A is body not you of tell the not glad I not King not with Of not . nothing . him . me to . man goes loose . on him their and must grown know pleasure . him lord . is Bring before to lord Without he , him lean beggar Alas ! eat and that ? diet of maggots for fat service , through there not if messenger up , go you the indeed find him the . the guts find into . But them is sees Thy and ; and so mother . flesh mother that loving father . man is mother and Come with haste and and looks mayst not awe full it effect at free thee red sense , coldly , set at thy imports . thou to , rages know I king Danish Fortinbras , so in know him our let And express Majesty kingdom his would promis'd . duty The To it , yield it be defend will to should the , then Polack never in or the the patch I little a , five ducats in go Truly hath Nor A Why , Norway sold not would Pole farm . wi' with be I'll but Looking That unus'd good revenge and . What of large gave , with after us discourse time man . scruple one do hath , this — godlike and , precisely thing's strength earth will to which Of thought ever three us Now or quarter'd too thinking and , to say as mass live yet Why To I Led Witness that to father my sleep reason kill'd stake But That And , the slain tomb Which their Whereon hide bloody enough and cause continent worth . forth nothing speak distract . her ? be pitied needs have her straws world of th' i' tricks Spurns carry hearers the unshaped at half enviously speaks but Yet the botch And Which , of to , Majesty Where is spills How should I another hat staff imports this . turf daughter a be upon words means , of Tomorrow is Saint Valentine's betime window day your , they : this you when but the a To be rose maid and your Valentine donn'd the , he And in Let Then up the Never By Alack Quoth would So An How thou . would good thank ; give is her , her close sorrows this from in your , his , Polonius' hugger In Without Last Her Feeds And on brother wonder buzzers speeches not of pestilent necessity of nothing ear to and O our death in many places this arraign of Gertrude beggar'd , is them ? Let noise of Alack , of ? is of , the matter lord my his . more rabble call riotous impetuous head a overpeering yourself with flats in , The . forgot world and the offices Antiquity cry The ratifiers , false , the on counter false trail you doors Sirs ? king this I That There's little How To hell And Let That Most My for my shall They sweepstake That I a am most good And , and child as shall As Within What noise is Tears her . be shall sense my dry out , maid , turn heavens Should Dear scale thy brains and virtue . sweet wits maid's young ! Ophelia 'tis where man's fine life , nonny , the hey . an sister kind beam as love is't old a thing the instance loves as fine is , possible and precious itself , is the call remember . for ; pansies is - 'Down wheel rosemary remembrance , madness thoughts . and There's rue Sundays for o' of daisy grace father . end Robin affliction and to , favour passion to and not not he death will beard never He He flaxen is All And God And of all Christian Do , you I of hear me we right wisest . deny you we ; your but touch'd we direct , and it o'er hatchment I rite , as we must That be , nor death be we of , sword we I where pray you they They Let do I , Reads fellows two some days Finding at , a too grapple alone of boarded as thee make haste good fellows their hold . thou thine . for Farewell thee , for that Guildenstern Guildenstern Guildenstern him the Guildenstern put heard Guildenstern , and your in Guildenstern heart my noble . knowing for acquittance friend , conscience me have your You safety mainly for , are ; seem . The and either and soul , his but not their to affection that in myself , which other bear go stone , him arrows , them terms go back , again come the revenge must and . to brought ? What lord Majesty , my , and teach will I , lov'd we will will will , They will will 'High Tomorrow , shall some is I beg asking , abuse ? more thereunto strange , you hand ? Know this . Reads and your pardon mean a in 'Tis it should What And postscript Hamlet's he me lord you here advise my it It lost in shall warms live If I am I To Ay my . an To No to undertake will but device that now be own As exploit voyage he and his which even the he And call mother for more Under But You And Wherein that you , the , lord cap that no youth livery sables and his , becomes , wears it months less , thought horse this , but — weeds since his demi - seat his unto Normandy grew horseback . of . was't life Norman Upon If For And He gem you Your Or that And lives of did goodness nothing wick within spark the or did the at much would did ; tongues this did hurts did did No should , place have indeed keep We'll on this throat . i' son sigh , undertake ; your But th' words More cut , within your praise excellence home chamber . Laertes good are come , fame shuffling fine in with shuffling so shuffling for the gave you free foils and shuffling heads , in your shuffling him shuffling , little Requite I that shuffling shuffling purpose an I mortal that , bought draws blood all it the Under This this but , can if time this bad Therefore If may Let's May With fit And 'Twere that If I that he by Our chalice your in calls for chance If When ! make tread Your , where O . Drown'd grows aslant the daisies in garlands , fantastic nettles Clamb'ring When time - Pull'd Till And is drown'd drown'd ? gone lord . Ophelia tears her . douts folly speech woman say is It much Too much How be to that must I be se offendendo myself is drown it wittingly , act but water drown and water . shortens own the this his But , lies you this the ; you But Argal . himself drowns — mark . go man , not the Will ha' in there even He was , say'st my grave Was first ever . hold up . arms ? arms I'll purpose to Scripture bore none a , that ? How dost understand thou not dig had . Could that he answerest he me thyself that . carpenter Go — Why that ? confess , that The another that put ? tenants . thousand thou the . come , church , or ass question cannot I that me a a . carpenter unyoke tell To't . tell Marry , I not will dull get thee till asked , he when it last a fetch O O makes you for this me I methought the hand of so his his Custom ; this his 'Tis his e'en his shipp'd had if And a his skull offices , that pate if in tongue ground This ! had o'er - of Or This , which horse one's lord my . Lady , Worm's ; fine revolution the to more Mine ? shrouding , clay for - to spade ; a sheet . be is skull of of spade cost Here's a meet knock to his tenures great buyer of and of about and ? lawyer Where tricks sconce his battery with , of land his of his recovery Will and indentures more breadth scarcely lie a jot made of sheep of calf out grave's this in . be made meet thou liest is for clay a guest of for thine it thou , yet therefore in't is . in't rest her buried card . then , sir . she's comes equivocation or have peasant long the years , I taken our last into England day very ? sent there wits sent great in him there Very strangely they wits his . losing , he How with , e'en , came strangely , last as tanner , laying . more the before . I man , hold year he Why sir water while skull great , year he nowadays eight be will it for him , same , Let a . infinite skull the skull sir , Yorick's poor . This a gorge at thousand jest Alas , of E'en that . abhorred lips set chop - paint Quite her let at . my this fashion lord one . tell , come must to Where be tell your merriment me . th'earth ? Horatio my so o' lord may , imagination hole bung so . with , of earth not we . the flaw comes Here winter's Trains follow c the kept wall soft ; the corse it Fordo The And Queen following , with such they we Couch ceremony ? estate . enlarg'd was ? doubtful noble youth far o'ersways else as the lodg'd prayers , order on , home dead rest of more no No And Lay I fair thee howling liest churlish flesh her . be done to . the souls i' her to from violets May times treble O wicked Fall have to have thou the fair sister shall my . to , sweet Farewell . sweet sense cursed that woe thy of deed on most or Pelion Olympus of , have earth more the a old What of o'ertop this upon blue your Bears such he emphasis stars - from and ; my rash ! thy will with no him quiet , wag . upon , fight eyelids Ophelia ; What , mad , love , Woul't weep ? I'll Woul't woul't , he sum 'Swounds forbear woul't ? eisel what ? thou pate wart rant a acres with quick thou Singeing Ossa I'll like When What lov'd thee will in of hour grave , set living the some a shall we see me proceeding our sir remember my , Now let it my Remember Sir , would When deep Our our My Grop'd With fears find gown - I their to own mine where I found , Horatio desire my , life too , exact in my , brains my , I , it round beseech I Or They A once baseness forget did effect Ay England between her should earnest An He Without the such peace love As And That the shriving - bearers time further and view debatement should Folded The Subscrib'd our changeling it Which the had even up the ; what and th'impression already go to this . and Rosencrantz make conscience love to this . did insinuation ; their . to't defeat employment incensed baser opposites , king angle for and not is't my — arm cozenage this canker evil of proper perfect nature to mother now king thee this whor'd and a thinks't his ? is the The the than , say sorry to But short more shortly known be further myself I cause . favours good court of his I'll grief me . waterfly . know lord a vice to of lord dirt chough of ; gracious let for beast possession the a be ; I . Put your . to bonnet , and thing impart , but 'tis of for spirit 'tis with , very cold my sultry very , Majesty very it , I will receive it ; wind very , indifferent , bade . Sir in , an good absolute faith gentleman . showing . Sir — the he — remember , I his lord your head ; of no dizzy of , be to as to make would him his sail in what the him definement take Your and who else a perdition soft he , believe ; feelingly excellent to you shall his him inventorially suffers I and , his neither divide Sir would respect him in Why ? in another , really nomination of Laertes Is't What possible the Of , Of , approve me not , a weapon in his , imponed , delicate carriages What , as fancy hangers , you call the sir the are , be to might german six it : against carriages hath you immediate to How answer answer trial He . if I opposition . the If will foils be please it I my win the e'en shame deliver you so ? will . else for's and only — yeasty are and fanned the sends . I pleasure , down . before you lose will You think I win foolery is dislike mind but ; augury yet he 'tis now aught if no man a If , be now we it has , pardon , pardon't sir are you . as your and have needs have exception done honour Hamlet . and wrong ta'en does be here was poor , be wrong'd , generous the poor thoughts house poor stir terms known of will masters poor offer'd your . poor But . that like wrong freely embrace poor I will Give And No You fiery Your be skill Your the mock You my of or wine first the their Hamlet's better ordnance third of to battlements an union which that have worn kettle to heavens , cannoneer the , trumpet Give the to the trumpet Richer Denmark's crown let And The the the , sir on Come drinks to judges , is . hit confess say you . brows . I do breath , fortune . rub , me . too . face . by . now . him thy wipe hit do 'tis with , third pass you so . you they ! incens'd , them ho there ! it is come wounds Queen , Hamlet poison'd ! lock'd : see out door thou see can do , see art in thee hand practice see , foul thy of hour see be . the Let see ! Treachery here It No medicine In turn'd Never . more to no I can a Mine It He Is justly Nor thine tremble Wretched ! pale Horatio free thee , and is Exchange my and . I me at this chance act , tell me sergeant dead am I me , you , me cause me . Dane a . me , name , me heart awhile world tell To my warlike noise , with warlike die o'er my th'election the , Horatio crows news from dying rest is more silence , Good thee night to hither drum . drum drum sing the drum this drum sight drum ? drum would see ? cease O princes hast many havoc toward so cries feast thou from that sight come England should give Guildenstern of from should Not never , be to th' . So yet to shall acts and upshot casual slaughters forc'd hear , it upshot . me upshot to doth hear to to upshot I sorrow of my claim to upshot draw perform'd upshot lest more . mischance on presently , four he had , and loudly bodies field Becomes Take Go the off bearing will editions , bodies music most prov'd have soldiers' The up the but the after which — copyright not a can set , States without permission works Project you license Gutenberg a PROJECT registered , part Project the in it and copy , electronic from and Foundation may the the Project this may derivative . of terms of do easy may use used of Gutenberg and and of Gutenberg copies not eBook eBooks U . of To protect distribution or any the Gutenberg General . By Use Terms you , the reading License to of electronic . with with way file online to cease works electronic a do obtain may as must not and agree for you set and obtaining . E who may . the person to a by or be only people by are works this with Project Gutenberg United individual in do the , hope promoting , Project for of You can . keeping Gutenberg you . License most are located with performing work with or any with of terms the the with , to displaying on with with this Foundation copying makes copying work copying any to copying links Gutenberg , with copying License accessed copying Gutenberg appears is or anywhere cost away no at world give License , Gutenberg www it of the the copy at Project of a from holder copyright the redistributing or . the E trademark . either Gutenberg obtain with permission as . with posted with terms to Do not unlink from terms . beginning permission imposed by of the detach or the of individual an the work . electronic . or , of this comply permission additional will . E active prominently links displaying , the not . E You processing or word compressed . to any Vanilla hypertext or . form or ASCII a copies on you copy request form . as Any specified for access official alternate in any official to , official . E . official official format paragraph official E . Gutenberg . or from method is fee the The he the are paid Royalty . the specified to sent . address Project . a . receipt user works . other a paid to the the . terms a in with or and all works and in must agree to a work is accordance replacement reported . Project a days for works of other copy , F , you distribute a in manager of terms than obtain group , trademark works Gutenberg terms distribution If you Gutenberg in this the set Gutenberg electronic are forth F Gutenberg not . identify protected effort . to , U . the and collection , infringement read DISCLAIMER in your OF DAMAGES . F . Except for that damaged codes . the of , disclaim including legal Project Project the a STRICT a a can you you medium you in second a . the , provided writing forth , If WITH agreement , in types this of this The shall agreement law to state interpreted provision permitted shall any - by the law disclaimer the be INDEMNITY providing , any agree or Project , of agent You agreement this indemnify provisions . and of volunteers , of or : alteration , Mission the the free with formats in , people support in efforts that are financial critical to to provide all was Project and at www Project donations and to Gutenberg created the for efforts your page about generations future Foundation more Foundation and . permanent and Information Gutenberg Literary about the granted Contributions office , USA information www Donations . gutenberg the without widespread of mission works survive accessible Many equipment . maintaining to the to with complying IRS . of the states with to domain carry and out licensed tax laws the United regulating a locations keep . any . from donate of know such in we states where no prohibition treatment who states treatment received our from make treatment cannot small staff treatment other treatment To treatment and be in do search PG paper particular Thus . main the . Project which has gutenberg hear our