? unfold Stand Stand . hour Stand , bed Stand upon most come Stand You Stand If of Give honest my , O Barnardo farewell . good who you has soldier Give , Holla A , What , Horatio . Welcome , good this thing entreated him seen of . hold take nothing appear'd I us Tush He And sit let yond same us When Last of Barnardo , night made Had The . star his it then , where off What we seen . from that Where Peace same like it Looks ? Horatio . and Together thou Question be . I of this Horatio . of form night with would fair to spoke with which It , By answer . speak ! What ! mine ! and speak Stay , sensible own Is How Is now thou the th'ambitious very 'Tis , before So As was smote Thus twice In what in This , some strange Polacks and . by to he thought to state . ice . hour the hath the and tell scope and particular With stalk martial Good now Does not divide I ; not of most of of and strict , daily observant our eruption land the Sunday this goes , haste to Our labourer - shipwrights for this toils implements the ? by a world Fortinbras inform can most least the whisper now appear'd Norway compact , those all , he Which Dar'd For Did Well ratified but valiant heraldry him Hamlet , of to ; moiety competent , a cov'nant return'd lands , Had Did forfeit to ; our which who known by and , a the Now of list , resolutes there full , conqueror his seal'd Hath unimproved Hamlet carriage the gaged been of mettle a in't , no lands , this I take foresaid strong our other , head it the - motive , haste . well of Norway And fell Of in I and may be sort the watch is it mote watch Comes watch That was it our that this of so watch to high ere stood stars gibber in fire watch of trains and with Disasters watch Upon whose influence Neptune's of still precurse the fierce eclipse moist the mind's these like the King . wars the eye , blood ; Rome of , fell , dead streets of events , it Stay again comes of to . use . countrymen illusion , me done to , be . country's thy privy , voice , death , earth speak Marcellus , it For art Speak O the thy in partisan ! it , and ! wrong offer our vain the the gone crew , probation truth the spirit earth hies of , crowing cock herein or at . a , have guilty morn , time the hath , celebrated comes , stir dare spirit singeth no witch wholesome hallow'd No are bird The say on Some our faded of is gracious in do morn in and high by have yon and and , say The have heard the us us we Walks But o'er Unto Break do't we I pray , and this most him , Attendant , Voltemand . Hamlet , of be in dear morning . yet The and , him with us it fought brow think our ourselves on , queen state , barr'd dole dirge this to a gone eye defeated and funeral auspicious scale better follows this With Norway , uncle is hears suppress to , further lists gait his nephew's his of - and and are , Norway dispatch , Voltemand Fortinbras have those lands all So time rid no and these further more personal old the scope . our commend articles CORNELIUS : haste your . show duty with is't to reason suit , farewell , Laertes ? Laertes ? beg thy heart ? have my Laertes came return in though thou to your willingly my Yet My now and must wishes ? again duty confess and France my says bow your that I lord , to to Denmark done ; pardon last ! thine , will kind — time at son . Polonius leave petition , wrung ; my seal'd leave at slow less on ? you must lives thy for know'st , Thou is , my , eye 'tis , thine Do Seek , alone ; solemn with not , forc'd cloak is so it it I thee . eternity is ? visage shows indeed play seem of grief , No , Nor Nor with can they but mourning to lost survivor bound father duties his your in , for But some father and the father to grief unmanly is sorrow obsequious unfortified simple do . condolement sense common ; is , opposition thing be must , and vulgar will what For death reason ? should to it Take Of impious most Fie most fathers the From As Do with unprevailing a are is we the Here It going impart which you . For your , Hamlet not prayers eye remain son of to desire , Wittenberg intent , you to our cheer my with us ; thy mother courtier lose best of grace drinks shall come fair and unforc'd in a 'tis gentle my health cannon the to . accord in ; resolve solid too and Or 'gainst - self that this Thaw that - the And great speaking King's thunder heaven would melt a not fix'd dew ! God ! it in two this heaven to to winds , too roughly beteem it so satyr Oh 'tis it flat ; nay , not it things That it gross , so and rank it dead months merely it a king — excellent two So That it Hyperion he fed on't month not A Frailty or tears that — Frailty her no wants married more galled unrighteous to sheets Frailty come most O . She mourn'd brother Frailty father's My It With my Frailty I to a with reason were shoes she Frailty , even of she uncle mine my like flushing Within tears eyes incestuous , heart is break I'll change , my from name with friend ever lord myself . well my or to see you poor servant , even , you ; lord from that disposition , hear do you your not shall make what is teach . it you truant A Against But Nor prithee I , funeral mother's hard . bak'd me I met it came me We'll my me forth my Horatio , coldly Thrift In me methinks — Where me ever thrift , Indeed me My had furnish The meats , my that dearest marriage tables heaven . foe see lord Horatio . all goodly a king , he for his take The , your admiration my King attent lord My nights together Barnardo , and had This your their , of till a may I witness marvel let waste . exactly by them - with length jelly truncheon's Within dumb dreadful not secrecy speak to with , had deliver'd the and oppress'd stately them - cap , with thrice he eyes , they third whilst kept third to third surprised distill'd fear of him third like ? this third we third third . watch third address , down but you lord . strange sight very my troubles it you sirs do , and my . you lord ? Arm'd Arm'd O And his very red or Nay fix'd Very Longer BARNARDO might and MARCELLUS moderate I was His I saw't longer . when will watch sable Not . tell haste no silver'd seen tonight life . person noble though peace in and twelve , ye tongue I . tenable my hell pray sight , all itself ; you should this your understanding loves . honour is : you to well come not deeds will : foul mine ! o'erwhelm to them still , arms your All the . men's eyes . rise . would , me ? necessaries , it a fashion youth in his that toy minute ? so no crescent No , suppliance No For more but , nature trifling not . of blood ; now temple and besmirch you alone ; his must , birth not soul , loves mind you his depends choice persons doth ; state circumscrib'd whole do own : you loves body . no says sustain his honour Denmark far he he it songs list to open ; my chaste desire your enough sister prodigal rear treasure the your is shot The And too the she lose , Virtue If oft the th'effect Be wary then watchman , rebels itself are But some as safety and steep to best though thorny puff'd a , of pastors good lesson do reckless libertine brother my , good heart primrose not his . heaven comes . a is grace my leave second me father shoulder There for in the of my precepts Laertes Occasion long fear . upon friends And The Yet And you each man th'opposed hatch'd dull hast but blessing tongue vulgar ; that station , day the self of and true ; be . any in this thine and rank best a itself , thee be . man leave , loses oft loan For Thou And it all : my then false my take not Most time do Farewell humbly The 'Tis have well servants tend you yourself late and ; most so of way , Ophelia it , do you my in behoves not between my affection to made his Given 'Tis private told he hath : and bounteous many call them girl tenders . and yourself 'tis , free put . green your daughter late the truth . think I have , do you Marry Which it , That you — not not not I I'll ta'en you tenders to teach yourself think Tender the , Lends , almost to , how prodigal I , go to to me with love , time , soul both this ; know the daughter From is fire higher is , making , your for as of entreatments to in you scanter take promise tongue springes Ay the blood burns woodcocks in extinct blazes a rate ; young maiden brokers all : bawds for this show and beguile in you give to't Look As Have to mere that be so sanctified are Ophelia , of plain like they investments pious . The air bites shrewdly ; charge , it and eager is ? twelve What is nipping . very an hour his held the heard What spirit not this It mean tonight then to Rhenish upspring thus bray his reels , of trumpet draughts wake and swaggering his of custom it the , as And Keeps The kettle manner born , than east : out ; down though . is't a though ; I though the - us our The though They clepe in mind the honour'd And though us Makes And though though traduc'd drunkards , headed though tax'd and indeed takes them origin ; evil corruption undergo as censure take may man dram a substance own doubt , pure . particular as , as blasts ! comes ! goblin charitable from us or wicked intents airs spirit health or shape Hamlet me answer call questionable , death tell thee in quietly why the steel may , nature , jaws this , souls disposition of in inurn'd glimpses complete , glimpses glimpses glimpses removed by not Look a glimpses do No means . glimpses . will lord then my I fee ? it ground courteous . it immortal immortal form . every toys sovereignty other the , immortal , immortal my the cliff lord sea of Think horrible , of immortal desperation reason I'll immortal ? assume it into immortal , beneath roar me I'll not Hold And as the Still By Be go hardy Go that follow . thee me . gentlemen nerve this body lets . come this to imagination with obey him thus what issue in Heaven is , rotten wilt Whither Pity , what I shalt am night , fires my But that - of done away my the thy tell I To Are Would two harrow eyes like freeze combined part spheres blood , young from hair locks in unfold . a and quills this upon soul confin'd of particular and prison thy I forbid list , O father dear , not , end unnatural with ; as foul most foul that I and . weed . of , wharf Lethe be thee or , thoughts as swift love wings , Hamlet of hear Denmark , the gifts beast , power dignity to natural marriage hand in in hand of there queen lust ! O O Hamlet With wicked witchcraft O So That it mine lewdness Will So Though . But it in I Sleeping garbage celestial the . afternoon , the hebenon The in leperous Holds The That swift natural and And And the such gates a sudden vigour like , instant smooth vile and did So droppings it the mine crust , about loathsome . my . it . act this pursu'st that Fare her , but my in royal and be ! bed , horrible O ! Let nature nor , her in leave Denmark soul well lodge , the near at , incest ! the ; thorns mind . shows his ! Remember Remember holds the thee my fond of memory . the thee ? the the ! villain ; HORATIO . lord sworn't , my it be , ho Within . ho is't lord ? noble come ! bird ! ho my Come ! How news , No I Not Ay heaven . my , MARCELLUS ? lord an man of secret and But , this lord my arrant no tell , us the — desire and hands grave . right circumstance you all ; and my own part . lord ; Touching this there but that what . you desire ghost , know may Give scholars And now , you friends us . tell vision is is As you as honest an , O'ermaster't Yes For is't and you What Never We , upon , Upon my indeed lord , truepenny cellarage . already . there thou you swear , lord . fellow Consent hear , boy Ha Come Never this . Swear Beneath hither gentlemen shift . Swear by ubique ? lay this that again by ! mole Swear worthy ! A And therefore Beneath , Than , of dreamt There Here as more perchance I As are hereafter odd pronouncing encumber'd 'Well , Or arms That With As know' giving or of put speak' list How by to : 'There phrase if and , this myself think to not me ; ambiguous of at . and me this or some 'We Swear Swear out be you they if to us go let's , friending me gentlemen help to , do a joint , right . Reynaldo inquiry , these notes my , will wisely , behaviour said I did well what first said My , how And Marry What demands demands And demands That thus demands As in demands demands Ay ; him if't so he so him may What ; But ; Ay , or as , You is to ; my That they and : seem he not That That's not flash Of meaning outbreak may But my good general unreclaimed blood . you you you And You 'twere Your you party Having youth you with you or According ' He closes , sir The you in ever so the man 'Good By , Of to good the sir I say the in or so consequence' the something to say ? ' the the , gentleman ! the , the marry , the day in's and you say as truth , yourself . well you advice and lecture I , have lord My . my , let Well And How With as upon Ungart'red hat , and down gyved knocking other , affrighted so name sewing stockings ankle , his I with , I in was head , with of As And as said he truly , love piteous so his his each of before thy know for his , do ? of wrist the length it other thus perusal of and and mine his bulk . without shoulder light way he all piteous to That their without their me go shatter done over , his . his a will very me last find o' out the property to natures any passion under desperate . violent Whose As What That oft ; but as repel you fordoes will doors he went ecstasy I love , sorry I am words late — jealousy trifle me access His made quoted discretion To lack . hide than you to and Rosencrantz known More must As it which to , Come for being hate King sort close , might love to kept to . Guildenstern heard provoke , you did you , put to himself thus should I have long to use did dear , much that Resembles to that need Our To to More Hamlet's Moreover have . to sending th'exterior nor hasty Of to father's his So than I being dream your so and you afflicts remedy not you , living are will of please him glean may to gather thus , companies by , unknown , to from occasion lies us open'd aught men there much two time am more show To whom sure and , gentlemen time To time Your Both sovereign dread visitation profit receive remembrance . time such us command have of time thanks you power your Than your time too I Guildenstern son changed beseech And My Thanks much gentlemen where to and you our helpful presence , Hamlet is practices , lord . my my I do as — policy this gracious , of my my , mine : th'ambassadors he hath , son's and all your sweet them fruit ; feast . hear . great distemper main . marriage , found that o'erhasty but him the . Norway . and to desires appear'd , with those in against uncle never in age his sends out , obeys and ; hand , soldiers his in borne Fortinbras his Makes Whereon To Norway three before arms , rebuke his Receives his more . fee your Majesty Polack give his herein to against annual his . read business well for - feast together duty what , madam be should business is and This night night , outward noble define go less nothing art 'tis use no true will . use with no be Your for ; to I that us grant , 'tis is Madam but matter he And But Mad I To the Hath given in Who celestial an ill Came phrase : vile — beautified Ophelia ? be will are sun I stars to ; awhile stay But that the doth a , not believe is machine show'd obedience above more This fell they Thine , that evermore But I Doubt be to truth thou doubt , my hath , time , by mine given his think she receiv'd to his means hath how But . think wing , you that , the you what might you , and idle I thus , out I did bespeak gave resort . to tale into , and , thence into short fruits a . that indeed will hid find it . were How I truth circumstances hid , I ? four together . I I I him I . arras the lobby indeed does loose So and I love state a fall'n . carters will away . reading ? Hamlet me you both wretch well I Then Excellent Not , lord . goes lord so , would , i' sir honest For her not How gone I'll truly in my Aside ; to . And first that this he What him , words — harping is fishmonger much extremity . not he . to't look was youth Words the sir Slanders ; plum that most potently tree hams I and their gum , beards yourself , sir yet is madness this , For mean you Though . Indeed , Aside hold replies lord from most me anything take him . hits , out walk Into o' that meeting will of I means prosperously , except , My You You God Hamlet you . lord , to withal Fare you ! Ah ! lord lord ye how , the - her the . very shoe of not . over earth . button favours her lord in that Happy cap soles , Neither waist ? more prison to is news , true she , sends good that she , particular is What my . have the my lord you my friends ? prison a Denmark's one . confines o' there my , th' world is it me it space I be , were it are merely is bounded in one ; for To too a of is quality light that . dream very myself substance . the it heroes fay , for attended servants I outstretch'd my But ? And Come you . and ; not have ? speak . Queen your modesties sent the , which my lord ? have and King You were you , by the proposer obligation of there craft . sent for by dear me If love no you of have off direct , direct discovery have direct all direct my me a my with direct sterile all so goes direct earth majestical to thing the canopy and I the King Queen heavily the woman . so my thoughts stuff such there though dust the , a no , appears angel of paragon ? your delights . delight . We to from coming welcome shall mind freely , man his use be king the the sigh the shall whose those you Even whose lady wont travel ? whose it take whose the , shall gratis clown whose the and whose the chances they the profit , inhibition same they Do the hold the the their I the the endeavour tyrannically most are afraid the , children quality should they if , the like has , no , there that , Ay O bid for to sin argument is carry not very carry mouths hundred in ducats him carry strange something at carry carry carry are welcome fashion is my uncle more extent should - In , west what from a . When handsaw , with you yet too at out them to ; a child . the it . You . in , poem , light , pastoral scene what had he , my only too Plautus treasure more passing . Jephthah daughter that well lord Am I i' my What It came and pass by then to pious my row welcome , of first last friends mistress By'r , the Com'st lady by welcome uncurrent ! last you piece see . all are of good are and , We'll a speech speech cried scenes , set top I received pleased never , remember down as — matter was in , no sallets in with phrase method as lines the might as mine — to as the excellent others million and an much indite modesty in wholesome One it see in live , resemble night ominous Head streets , fire , Pyrrhus gore hellish gules and a coagulate in , gules the seeks gules with good gules you . accent gules antique His strikes wide gules ; flaming fell crash , his a lo the on , ear Which as reverend Of So Takes Stoops The A Mars's out Break all With And never on sets death the the him new proof for Cyclops' a work pause after - Pyrrhus' less , Out , And with tale a or , then , eyes in's , soon them time . Good — the their . desert desert and , dignity his ill let , chronicles their of and bounty sirs We'll . Come . play hear study not you Elsinore not not . not not not ; not in's visage aspect , suiting ! do tears with speech , free stage for , the , the cue he ? the and drown or And What , with ear and , indeed horrid . amaze appal , ears , cause ? coward my bitter Am . blows it my bitter me and the , bitter lungs gives should bitter take - bitter the , bitter all Bloody or bitter region kindless bawdy ! most drab ! presently scene , malefactions I'll no tongue the that . will heard a , circumstance of this of all his drift days himself dangerous by means feels on to forward ? distracted , speak confession pastime ? a kind seem . the way fell so in They . to I This it him to that told of certain we him joy much doth the true entreat and ; already me . lord these . edge content my leave us , hither , Hamlet too here virtues you , book , this visage colour this on in please true with burden Let's suffer lord : question we natural to — To a sea die ? them heir is Devoutly And For That we sleep so mortal ay death — dream to of , to . perchance take by to who The of patient That When pangs To bare the something would Who sweat dread and he give us calamity , love of might himself merit his under a and , the dispriz'd a that grunt fly conscience the with of name ! Nymph . turn awry , all us thought thy Soft , remember'd , remembrances them for you , lord I I My have I for never , No I for for for with My honour'd for lord gave know rich poor more again my honest you ? you My Are lord when made As Take gifts these , Ha ha givers . your means What fair your your your lordship to , than sometime I your made you , virtue cannot your I your lord is your bawd . believed my I it . things I breeder a ; me relish was the more borne wouldst thou shall we but stock nunnery indifferent to myself a it that thoughts ? We them in . What shut be the If Let doors , as I'll help him thee nunnery as dost , wise chaste : well farewell . Or men of and , Go Th'expectancy of , quite form ! the of they are hath jig . You make made are nunnery , state tongue o'erthrown . married already a To ! here is , sword see a soul , in on sits something that not what I . little of . origin not love Lord neglected tell My it need from heard We Sprung You his his But Let show I'll And To all Of The . hold grief , fit lord , all be her so , let conference plac'd their be England wisdom It great must shall in as I as . Nor many of passion for ; whipped avoid discretion action nature ; the the to of whose as playing let the your modesty word your , cannot this there one laugh O the her own . highly Christians so accent and , men abominably strutted so made that and indifferently humanity and , your that us , with , be play barren , question of shows , and . it , villainous . quantity some some , there For them let necessary those on Go make uses , hear now the How too Queen Will Bid two ROSENCRANTZ We Here help hasten lord my , man ? hear knee the absurd of For , Dost lick the flatter from ; spirits flatter'd be of her was men hinges fawning soul for suffering thanks . so not , passion's ay she a judgement stop what not core equal that Fortune's with man and are , comes told play tonight thee , Something too . King near see'st Vulcan's is Do a itself with mine not And my damned imaginations . eyes will Give whilst And whilst whilst Excellent , whilst Rosencrantz flourish A fares , Guildenstern King whilst place . and Hamlet others I whilst a Queen . feed words are once i' . Brutus th' Capitol a capital i' ? and . so . Be patience . me . lord I , lord Ay No , mean my my ? your upon That's you think ? legs between maids' two within's and should a . hours two wear outlive may churches months then whose horse ! the Queen very forgot is my , and ; memory ago , black , his half a I'll not shall , O year suit Then a But for and a in comes and King's , dead is The , Poisoner awhile and three pours , finds Lays him . her , leaves neck poison . down him unto comes in and passionate , mischief . in play you show Be I'll the mark . play . means : for , stooping hearing our your the of a ? tragedy or a Neptune's And About Full thirty world our love commutual Since the us from woe far So , But what my great little Where My Faith Are wed second Aside let kisses my husband me that but kill let dead none in now we break let speak . let let let forget on be : love his else yet aye , our prove fortune slender purpose propose is we mellow grief enactures revels joy question , mark makes doth . accident destroy not change , try begun enemy friend a want Our So think are But wills to shall on never friends in who Directly And And do none of wed light night heaven , joy hope my trust from lock wilt their devices and That thy Our But earth To 'Tis mischance between us twain , this . you methinks much like O heard the , Mousetrap murder done in Vienna see and souls piece the knavish ; free have Lucianus Duke's This play name it chorus the nephew , you dallying love I if could , good one is interpret could cost You season apt Come hands , of , drugs , midnight blasted infected life Thy Confederate wholesome thrice and , rank . husbands your begin black , murderer fit no else doth bellow the , Hecate's ban seeing ; anon name's immediately dire estate of ? how Gonzago You the choice His in th'garden for's very , o'er . play . lights . sleep of razed if cry a me in ; runs , world a , with Turk turn this Why some must forest with A a and of sir on of fortunes one . dost know very — and realm O have , lord ? word ghost's now reigns thousand . rhymed for . poisoning him , the . of the note like talk my the belike , then Good Ay Why Come , lord Sir , a distempered , rather with choler the — King his retirement marvellous what , sir , in Is him more signify would , some . purgation pronounce of into my sir , from your put should Your doctor my wisdom The , please good my to lord commandment if be do breed tame , affliction your of , hath sent . the will the , my ? lord diseased or , but wholesome no Therefore Then thus can your answer . wit's , you mother — sequel amazement But ? mother behaviour the says she ten . a mother's and , mother . shall she can that , son once these did , by ere admiration of you with , shall Good is lord ? griefs surely any the for King something is me you , with drive my bold love as me me see duty To if — have lack the your why musty . toil do a ? this too too you pipe . most discourse your my you , these harmony of you thing mouth . skill to any command a you would note the not would of . have me pluck voice do you me with speak the you on and ; would you can fret than cannot , know seem you ; me compass , yet lord ? speak much make a . 'Sblood , play and . camel indeed shape , you in a and , mass By Do Methinks to Contagion to this When is ; the drink could thy nature now as . quake Would O I heart To my cruel , she soul use none : not to witching hell and itself hot day my let ; hypocrites business firm . ourselves is mind the is it may estate . will Therefore shall along forthwith dispatch . provide Most and many many fear rest draw majesty , voyage alone general , Never falls closet mother's this upon too and will We now For Did the To And meet the hear 'Tis Since of nature And , rank the is vantage what you you myself I'll arras the Behind . I'll and more makes that you some them wisely than my bed . lord know Fare partial audience , will ; heaven , hand ! of prayer possess'd murder . the and ? up look to this we , still retain of ? may prize foul am did ambition this my murder ? force justice compell'd ? forehead ? What and teeth evidence then faults ? But as bosom But , free assay But ! one to be . of - But struggling cannot 'tis But . law no his to what what O more , wretched soul ! But the , repent ! he now he pat . do I I'll am I now And villain , salary with save May , heaven praying . send not villain revenge . of heaven , black mother days act in't at . My goes rises sickly . may in his bed , salvation heels swearing that relish of some , lay and , without Words My The advances below go , to stood me broad round straight pranks his round hear , round , I you Withdraw round mother hast you round Mother warrant round , Now , Come Go go , Hamlet , Mother And would , Nay , come You Where thou wilt Help help and sit till I not may you Come , set not those are , it go up a can you down help ! I ! ho , A Nay now know a . what deed and a king a Almost I rash marry bad bloody king 'twas word ? my , intruding Take rash , is Peace sit , stuff you fortune , good this is deed his — so , shall — I ; fool farewell ! thy some thy be your hands too to me wring wringing , of it thy . tongue and sick and , this upon counterfeit , thunders sweet . there the dicers' body . as mass , glow makes religion compound against visage at , loud eye An See roars every lighted Where This New Here was is your . Look , brother husband eyes indeed of you the give on wholesome your Could batten The his on this this you call not sense Else could you to reserv'd cozen'd feeling , or Is apoplex'd a sickly . Nor O Could To But such Rebellious flaming To That let Eyes own compulsive When without hands itself not Or but a ardour as the her without And so mope mutine reason O Since frost And Hamlet I As And panders into leave Nay speak sweat In but Stew'd Thou eyes of , the turn'st mine there not nasty to words O enter murderer A rank sweet and is that These corruption no a lord precedent slave Of A put A in in You in in you That in The Do in , and heavenly guards and but and O and and And and Forth , And That with your the , an stand hairs bedded flame life on lady , gentle son ? discourse the of . in in spirits hold wildly O thy you ? peep alarm , glares look you conjoin'd Do not , action I have to he look stones upon convert blood for me . do see . how habit look now as he ourselves but you ! your creation coinage bodiless even very the is goes there you , Why where father My Look This Is pulse makes I That And My I And To curb in For O what speaks heaven to is the this these of Forgive the avoid , not cleft itself and , away pardon pursy my virtue it . eat doth it uncle's cleft half heart worser have other to cleft twain hast live night cleft Hamlet cleft cleft on Of That habits custom on , the is who , Refrain of more him on night , me , same this hath and this on scourge will good minister well on on . only , punish That I with him , and again to good ? kind be and , your on That in craft that's But mad paddock fair not with pair shall do more , tempt means that bid you kisses fingers , wise , a and house's like the in the famous secrecy , basket neck your , words own sense a , so ? let him , know 'Twere ? despite , conclusions if down made me know ? thou breath And ? Let Be forgot Alack said ? of , hast England to , life ? the work ; go enginer way — meet most . sweet mines night good This at delve one . they knavery as and seal'd letters For 'tis me the bear And And blow them his own to trust will I They I one line moon in I'll When petard me , below yard . into . most a . you . mother , 'tis translate in sighs is Where place little a seen ? Hamlet tonight ! understand ? your lord good Gertrude and sea mightier arras , this unseen something when 'A hearing full with so will yourself , what love haunt ? answer'd be , of is been It had us brainish rapier And liberty O in good , threats old we to all , feed done , is skill and mountains ! bring madness join in Hamlet from him mother's pray , both countenance We we itself sun will The Shows O ship excuse all with and — Ho closet , and further with Polonius ! O miss to woundless soul My And And let the shot is full as poison'd of Hamlet ! here ? What What Who you have done my , lord , whereto the , may the . Besides a should a , what ? mine be made by the King King's in do corner the he sir Ay keep sponge I a can of authorities last squeezing when officers you Take I , must is with tell I . A is find and , goes Hide to man strong , but law lord ! my . Of Bring nothing seek that th'offender's distracted judgement . their put the all must is scourge at appliance all body How Or . so To him bear lord grown desperate Diseases not are desperate By . him to he ? lord Ho Without , Hamlet ? Where . is is eaten your , we he ? emperor ourselves end worm At supper . variable That's beggar table , hath that of that worm a alas fed thou a how you but fish that hath one is . to show dost beggar may go a of Polonius king Where . But as Go him him there not him into the find indeed If see nose Attendants To thee ; come thine the ? Hamlet England wind is thyself help hence , England for knew'st purposes our ; come Come . man speed and man my at , done . wife and . for England aught free not — sword thereof mayst thy raw give may looks sense make ; set red and cicatrice sovereign Our like The For must present my cure death haps , me hectic the promis'd march Fortinbras Danish , were king . powers are , rendezvous with eye , us , They purpos'd , part to , sir and five would but the little a no gain for some of Poland . addition ground of name not farm the Pole . it . in or Norway Polack already garrison'd defend sold be it should then souls the thousand the and debate , th'imposthume shows . thank . against inform dull my all Will't , and chief spur go Go ? sleep his with How occasions good feed us and that and after and with fust but I'll Be Bestial Sure he oblivion thinking which Of three ever , coward , this prince event tender and exhort , invisible the with delicate and divine at spirit I , Makes And I thought To A Sith without To without honour's Is But When without without That That without Go And to without let have imminent The Excitements all My She She i' There's carry Spurns world , and . sense half the words That Which Indeed would were in ill - yet , with spoken sure one winks her good Dangerous toy itself , as , think there make conjectures is amiss . spilt . Denmark shoon staff this song ? turf — snow . a heels Nay Ophelia my to with look , White Alas flowers ; go . baker's . a lady sweet we say is in Valentine's this ; you father . God this , but we what Tomorrow the more . a door and your his , day what at maid without an la Indeed Gis By Never by and men Alack By me blame , to't shame . bed wed to My . counsel been my yonder ? cold . ground choose night it Gertrude pray , spies . author slain , violent greenly muddied , Ophelia but beasts whispers , these , clouds , ear . places . in dear piece murdering Gives a Like ear With wants not speeches necessity nothing Wherein and , to Will ear In Where Eats what ? noise Switzers my . haste call but known , the rabble Laertes king . clouds , dogs . ' cry to king shall be . leave vile . me , I Sirs ? Danes let's pray We will , No you Keep is calm , door Give chaste Laertes - a fear king person our what would , the , harlot brands , father my to Even What doth him There's of thus thou Acts , Gertrude . doth but such treason can thy rebellion little doth . hedge doth peep . my go it his doth art doth came throughly shall Who both allegiance dead grace to not damnation the Most Let , only give point profoundest pit the ? Vows I'll the blackest stand ! devil be , your That , dear means My And father's will and revenge , writ both ? enemies your in little all know his and death desire , foe ; gentleman speak blood , 'pear your judgement Tears noise come . eye times sense the out now What is that ? true a now child most As heat dry How , kind sister a as be Dear our heaven , O sends fine O his grave , thing the They on nonny After some love where of , the hey tear 'tis precious than daughter the could wits Fare Hadst a sing thou down thy This that's , it call and thoughts . you . O would he died daisy herb . wither'd , they violets For bonny and , for me rue as his snow he gone beard to thy will poll as white is gone wi' ye , but apart grief , friends , will . you 'twixt our hand kingdom by . with O God ? and you right your Or they , direct choice Make you of whom judge but patience your , ours that , all it his hatchment call we obscure , of His So must as death , his earth shall is for . me . part Hamlet . me ? not I do should that I know it to let Horatio , Let was am have to means Reads fellows , and Finding old . valour ship so I boarded of have shalt slow alone . mercy two shall , from some comes 'Horatio . chase clear like thieves of them bore do't He give To Come And of am where words . good me of repair thou to light . for turn Let thou . thine have sent have , too me . my your . whom him the matter the of the Sith . you And That Now must you have he must Why wisdom your You mainly safety crimeful proceeded and . wisdom Pursu'd , up , wisdom reasons unsinew'd wisdom , go bear wisdom mother wisdom to me virtue Why a her love to not the not not affection stone , wind gender her , in might wood arrows her , her , my their The that ; loud . her aim'd my to , Stood worth perfections . mount But her my if challenger into desperate back age come must dull not stuff . so are made beard let for on praises driven have reverted so had can sleeps And Whose That That to , we shook flat — Sailors , were shall you , pardon leave you beg and ? mean some abuse you hand character all back the set naked on I my , ' says , should it Know , in 'Tis , how I am warms That It shall If , I but means return'd now not wind uncharge . practice travel ; quality a such hearing talk'd might you shall he which the Under And for his no shall breathe , call And My lord A What did that very riband too , sables gentleman and part that in his well witchcraft age health Yet The settled careless far So of shapes incorps'd he and did brought grew but the , Two against , he of short With A Norman The very my , him I gem He . life same brooch the his report this oppos'd had swore If neither cried match you . of the all of masterly report , your defence , rapier , but play , sight scrimers guard his with father to your like painting a dear ? of , their of envy ? the face Or you , A without did you know see the within kind There qualifies wick at a goodness that . it abate pleurisy spark you many still love time by of fire and in passages do are quick accidents , changes ; 'would' would as this we in spendthrift ; sigh a That for . delays like are , tongues own should And set those return'd put a and from all so that remiss contriving . are come chamber Laertes the excellence home murder should , you know shall do should Hamlet Frenchman peruse not with I I Requite unbated generous your in double , on varnish you you , with in of in a for do't purpose , draws that from scratch'd in moon , but an bought blood Collected With in is in in our bad project second look not better drift back a or in that our to our further if death this , Soft your let dry , might Therefore time . more violent you are hot cunnings and , that , of think , see him . your ; drink to but stuck me hold whereon , nonce hold Queen Laertes ? where O willow leaves in upon purpose the escape for sipping venom'd another's , brook aslant stream make she a tread follow woe did glassy . up . pendant to in mermaid Which the our But There cold - Of crow liberal flowers on Clamb'ring When Fell And - she like As her the , Alas garments To . But heavy death drown'd nature But , my these Adieu . will be trick hast , my holds yet gone , fain are . calm do , follow Let's I much Now Is she tell I hath sat , burial she own defence here ? lies an : perform . good himself ; water drown But , is't , crowner's ? been this Come , a . If . thou or the than that for faith that . the good than thee mason me that I now I . tell ass Go . behove , a 'a his , liquor of a , nothing very making ? a a sings he a a at . meet that a my , property business his of him for . him - no feeling fellow him e'en so As in had shipp'd him never into in me if tongue him hath And to it him murder skull had th' a offices , might ground This , which horse Ay now and my these spade . think the revolution , chapless an we lord - might play the to be of . be sheet made - spade shrouding clay a and a a pit and Why his , now another . shovel , his of , his the sconce ? his , Will ? ones fine about of , recovery lie box ? and ; a his purchases indentures , and dirt The full of of recognizances quillets There's quiddits Why does suffer dirty fellow his no vouch . have of breadth jot not parchment Is Not too - and this more length lands to and For I are a pit guest to . grave's clay , is for Mine sir Whose be meet , to me 'Tis from again away it quick will dost man sir for in't the be woman not 'Tis a , man sir dig thou For What no the us the undo How that woman was By is Lord to neither . be , must sir is so a been grown picked grave the the rest of the comes or I . equivocation hast into , since can he that born , Ay all the heel of days i' he that maker . came year How Cannot was he mad , shall he it's ; no ; there are as he mad he ? as ? they strangely strangely there him mad in sexton been years lie man man and have many some you . will last you nine year boy as we pocky keep will in lain your the earth whoreson . think you hath years skull twenty ? this tann'd with his a so Whose was it Nay on This same skull . him dead that E'en , was , sir I A rogue not a skull Yorick's for jest thousand skull Where it ; and poor . rises . merriment mock , me come to not ! see Horatio a on me , fellow how oft back his borne , lady's she chamber your my . at Quite ? own her her tell paint laugh th'earth bung - trace . Horatio find curiously But . consider jot 'Twere of E'en base return it dust thus ; as to not a , faith , to Caesar a stop Imperious why uses Alexander lead ; that that , Might but following soft Should ; patch a soft ! earth dead beer - and a that loam to keep O King courtiers such the But Queen Mourners The , As we but She And great ; home bringing rites virgin . burial the and her should be For unsanctified . is allowed and bell no more trumpet , maiden Yet Must there profane should sing As peace We To to her - i' th'earth unpolluted , churlish priest be flesh of service parted done and the to shall to thy been not strew'd treble , on treble have shouldst the fair , Sweets . flowers - bed have woe that earth a while arms , and made have skyish head quick ingenious thy sense . head mine once thy upon the dust this off the most thy cursed thy thy thy , stand I . This is them sorrow soul , well my , throat rash whose and makes of , thy devil prithee For with Grappling Like Yet let I my him upon with eyelids what ? longer all their mad God : wag no quantity is O son , forty wilt love eisel with with To weep if acres his Millions on her me prate an burning . I will grave whine thyself mouth thou'lt them , zone the against wart will , ground throw ? crocodile mountains us pate of Make I'll do't . of Nay as This thus thou buried And like well work . thus ; dove , day his will what it is that , see we shall our to our Horatio and himself will pray cat I the grave sir this for Gertrude put your Strengthen You , much it I Methought kind the all Now heart , me ? other ; fighting was the , us well of Rashly , us certain shapes that teach withdrew ends serves we our will , in them , desire , to fine had me cabin them my , about them and making them them the dark , too my no sorts an them royal Oh Importing them With That the you leisure . me read possible did axe the of leisure off be struck ? thus make did to forget a the benetted could — it our : down my I it . had I Being wilt But , They to It A , did Ay As love An earnest like between , her palm lord know , thou , wear great charge , contents , or , like and time shriving Without should the bearers further debatement Why of form ; Now th'impression in the gave't and to't sequent not , man by dangerous pass when my already safely day was next the other it plac'd . love make own baser opposites their they conscience . employment . the and . is king incensed insinuation a mighty , Why And quit him To th'election short shortly arm In th'election let Popp'd kill'd thinks't , not th'election He out To Thrown th'election with th'election th'election It more is more must the a What no very am I That portraiture sure the by more Peace more more humbly I thank you fertile more and is more possession be a lord vice back Dost him . leisure , Denmark waterfly ? He good my ; No gracious ; let the a of at of but a 'tis in your at lord at stand the king's at , to diligence 'tis at lord my , lordship ; you at it believe thank right it your , me I at for 'tis wind , remember — signify , this , good . Sir of full is most , Indeed , for . would ; see gentry , gentleman you in society is or part of the in me very him him inventorially in make true be to his perdition no him , and mirror , yaw is such extolment divide neither trace what card an memory infusion . his in I yet the , though . continent take soul the , do't to possible not Is't concernancy lordship Why do most ? sir Your would What purse His did imports I dare is you are confess not sir King The , weapon but meed weapon dagger his Rapier and What's . he assigns , their are delicate be What the you and fancy very of , him to as hangers , sir carriages I this that's against , six all it carriages : be would French imponed dozen a passes lordship vouchsafe for And , on But against it you twelve and the him nine . and trial in . is will . your flourish the e'en ? to duty after what ; will - but you deliver , your tongues no head and — dotes Thus on are he has a ; on , their the , Osric out blow and before turn , there fanned and if will . of the suck'd it drossy habit I the runs know he them but him to they follow or you you King's down coming all . He young hall that in Laertes commended the as now are time to some and King I fitness . well you happy before gentle fall use went odds he the win so shall I your foolery is but ; it my a trouble such woman . France good is : but . giving as their would gain forestall not . it . what leaves will and say augury , anything , are you special ; it not now But pardon't knows presence punish'd with and . are done . heard exception madness , needs and distraction sore must I this have sir , awake Hamlet he's when And not , wrong Never be it not , it does then Hamlet Hamlet from ? His madness that If madness the this Hamlet's , in , your am I nature I you might Was't wrong'd himself himself faction is does Hamlet is wrong'd be , Hamlet away ? does is denies If't . it ; a . enemy the house should me of no in aloof this case nature brother purpos'd , of of peace am I hurt my in satisfied And brother's us Come be skill I'll mock shall Your your foil like You No laid fear the it But the weaker both . side . length another have see have me have all ? a table , speak trumpet without heavens the the kettle the drinks , you the trumpet to cannoneer , the , heavens to judges Come 'Now Come on , very again . Hamlet drink Here's me Stay give Give Well to A play bout this health , it set say first the ; by cup hit a , Another ; touch touch and , son shall scant to Gertrude drink madam , fat carouses Our Queen , Here I will , drink poison'd yet , the Come dare me hit I'll cup is . madam face too late by . my almost think't . him . 'gainst You Laertes with make afeard , do violence . Laertes now , scuffling . they change , you neither wounds are , my they both they is't , woodcock am justly they mine they , they dear Queen they am ? the to bleed with . springe Osric treachery Laertes the with see I does with swoons She with How I poison'd my ! Hamlet with drink drink ! with Ho , the the out . drink ! be lock'd ; good hand here Lo . me venom point Then , Hath turn'd Unbated there in is treacherous more and Treason defend off Drink It am make thee look that You dead but arrest ; fell Wretched Queen follow thee act this chance , you , cause I sergeant I am . my a Dane . left , man ; Let As go a th'art what , ever thee world tell harsh didst And in Absent O What To Young Fortinbras , To , This the O potent I live But Fortinbras , die , Horatio my spirit search your see ? thy , hither rest , death , cell eternal proud O , thine in hast princes struck is ? a too are give our have his to their bloody , upon for from th'ability so jump thank you mouth is come dismal from that fulfill'd late affairs our tell dead , hearing . from bodies , death question England , world , forc'd this All . it acts you hear , more , perform'd draw , wild be and plots On minds errors happen , this . amiss as sight shoot is editions in U . which a — protected by renamed a ! permission renamed set , license electronic trademark if used renamed . works renamed rules Gutenberg of concept and may be of renamed copies of terms not the renamed . easy renamed by S practically U do Gutenberg of protect To Section . agree or using you of this have any license . Gutenberg and you do may fee agreement . electronic as set for electronic agree and this . a to Gutenberg Project . intellectual return or the only people are trademark . not copy abide be to forth registered you , an . work by paragraph work a copies fee agreement may in . be See with Gutenberg electronic a agreement can E access of the collection It with of with do by the paid you entity by the . whom Project that even paragraph or help works Gutenberg works in copying , from are the distributing all Archive below not in the the Foundation of . you a are preserve If or will Project support to in Project works that compliance access format name with electronic agreement the by terms full this attached the with without Copyright where with you laws of freely agreement Gutenberg long we the promoting course do , for of hope , performing Project . by the share laws with comply Gutenberg you free the to Gutenberg are displaying based in Foundation status . on to active of any . Project links work with , The , a Gutenberg phrase , access . you removed than downloading representations Project concerning country Unless immediate E . on E This world give it appears , distributed with use the the may copy www , gutenberg License no . the located in at the individual are States Gutenberg Project of other eBook parts the Project the viewed associated is of anyone anywhere and away cost included copied at or laws on or work paying be U located protected indicating . E derived copyright United holder from . of not an by States , notice can access for associated not of fees or . a to copied posted S it work with charges distributed does not the anyone Project comply E through , Project or the work E Gutenberg copyright the of Project linked to the of or , beginning this or display or , posted E will be Do from . terms this work E . through License copyright holder your use . and the at found the works terms remove Project or , terms full forth set Gutenberg copy work prominently electronic displaying You may hypertext copies or marked sentence access Do . links active E . not immediate to up , of Vanilla Plain convert . of Vanilla obtaining , compressed the full E user . Do or ASCII copy Gutenberg not , copying charge other for for Gutenberg reasonable paragraph specified in , Gutenberg E . displaying or or fee or . or Project format include viewing works fee E to . the paragraph , copies . any . works your Project calculate to may charge fee . a already to agreed clearly marked Gutenberg s owed paid Project the to returns be are Royalty . you paragraph this under . to address discontinue of . works with paragraph or a and must agree e the require full , required to Foundation donations such Project in of refund the defect a Project of writing of terms a a if you , within for . or different the terms , the volunteers Section Contact terms Archive works of replacement reported Project a work terms comply is work electronic receipt terms the of E You . Gutenberg forth terms Gutenberg . effort electronic or and the , Defects corrupt data , as identify collection , by protected Gutenberg forth Gutenberg U , do . Despite copyright . a . Replacement Gutenberg liability by F . medium by intellectual LIMITED other by by cannot computer by Refund described Archive by WARRANTY , this YOU REPLACEMENT within OF you medium , provide work received the may person to elect you work to second the of lieu defect written a received receive . in . LIMITED refund to the electronic the money if any work from by you the in the medium refund refund you types this certain forth agreement this the applicable limitation is opportunities to to give a fix to certain of or void You provisions the shall . agreement hold and maximum invalidity , agreement or in works the volunteers Gutenberg distribution and Gutenberg associated expenses of the Foundation Foundation , of indirectly a of , costs , and , any or this It distribution of new and c modification and from . donations the the will Project . with and computers Gutenberg's , collection widest provide Gutenberg the Project was to created about page organized about information Gutenberg www donations Project Gutenberg Archive gutenberg , Foundation the efforts identification by extent full the Foundation Literary efforts see org . Literary . non efforts the profit can efforts - of is a laws status the efforts . efforts exempt granted Foundation's or EIN tax Literary links the at the The . tax Gutenberg Plaza widespread Gutenberg mission its without Foundation's Project be widest the that of donations carry form by small the and uniform all with of a United keep states in are not the outdated - in number support depends of and including upon public and readable donations We received the . not visit status of . the do paperwork requirements IRS with Foundation to charities . States Compliance requirements not met cannot or where with DONATIONS solicit gutenberg requirements confirmation written org for from states where states of donate not do solicitation , donors , accepted offers donations against we States United any International statements accepting donations . U approach unsolicited treatment with . gutenberg of the , years the not protected do in printed . Thus , paper by copyright we search Gutenberg Gutenberg , main Project website our email newsletter information edition compliance is as often eBooks all Project necessarily U editions S , Most . produce people produce : website facility to , how how produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce