yourself and there answer Long me Stand Stand King . Stand Stand carefully Stand Stand Not guard at am relief Stand , you I Have For I a do mouse quiet good watch my Well ho ! make is there Dane the Stand ground this to . bid night . reliev'd good - hath Give . good soldier Give you liegemen to you night . you Holla , Barnardo seen have I not take him seen , Touching will sight the watch Therefore if again minutes twice fantasy appear'd good again . night , us come apparition our to us may , He With dreaded have this , Sit so are That let us And sit speak night Well two again against ears , this , heaven . pole of comes . and . me harrows the would spoke with it a like What In march art that the It See it , Together with ? stalks . thee charge speak I that usurp'st form speak ! pale ! avouch ! on had combated ! an . ice angry . this eyes own like to art not the before 'Tis the martial what So stalk twice But Doth That on Was least make as slay , Dar'd , Who night joint me ? Hamlet compact esteem'd ; competent to , a , all , design'd , return'd had those seal'd a emulate pride , our by heraldry , him moiety by of side ratified seiz'd which law of which article Norway , list of skirts up a That For Shark'd the unimproved Hath fell Of mettle Now and resolutes some is no young , enterprise state strong by of and preparations chief head it land e'en of , Rome sheeted the and trouble the mightiest and in the Roman moist and fire empire with eclipse streets star stands , events dews and the doomsday to prologue And cross I'll As Have earth Unto , That earth And even almost to omen it . earth me our the still of fierce ! earth demonstrated , voice done to me earth earth avoid , earth in life in death , country's thy of womb uphoarded ! may earth speak ! walk partisan stand , when guilty like the a . the - at warning his sounding air or shrill , throat , heard , herein the summons speak to started To nights of Saviour's no then power , wholesome , nor and hallow'd are , of that 'gainst present dew the , heard the watch impart Let Walks us in you Do So consent our pray I , speak it duty ? know kingdom whole , green Hamlet Lords conveniently morning this and Though memory bear our To To our He his most Thus ourself valiant and by Lost hath fail'd with to Colleagued the much father not , Norway To , His of You Out good of subject : and proportions full his , impotent To In that We us And with let these ; Of CORNELIUS and doubt , of wouldst native thy Denmark ; return willingly confess wishes again leave leave Have them I whence To now in Than is From my your in my leave and Dread Your in in bow thoughts father's in lord , wrung and him , graces in How it A . Aside cousin am I clouds and thy be to go thine son less , you ? sun — kind , die , not eye visage seem might of , of , with be is solemn river in the shows grief play show woe of your which passeth indeed lost , bound some father Hamlet father to obsequious lost know must you That To father But give In impious a heart obstinate , do In filial To As An we should our , be peevish a sense , common opposition to fault 'tis in dead absurd most against ? we most must , most sorrow a course persevere heaven 'Tis . know the stubbornness unschool'd is impatient and , to whose , a Fie any fault To first so woe , for . corse unprevailing a that Do Than in It And of with immediate of let less dearest no ' to nobility ; most I You chiefest Sits Be I in a ourself smiling rouse the . bruit the clouds Denmark that ; heart earthly resolve had into a tell today drinks a loving and unforc'd accord . Denmark in This ! all Oh merely to seed , weary to me That things uses , on't it months to he the was my this , world unprofitable ! she uncle of within yet and ; increase ? face might a satyr beteem her it which little on Why if ere my poor those — longer , not think A Had My Would Than Ere I to She not is With left . dexterity to it , break It glad or , see you . with Wittenberg ? say your hear , do would I make yourself your is it you But teach you . to faith ear that your of are deep affair drink came I I , do me to my it , mock see it my the Horatio lord was follow'd , My We'll lord not prithee I In once he was goodly king . all , Horatio take I Who ? Saw My Season Upon an to the marvel witness attent your , father let had middle A exactly them by them point . God's me figure on stately oppress'd and truncheon's length jelly and secrecy with to Almost their Appears Armed thus at before encounter'd Within Stand And Where Form I them the as apparition . are comes each they thing with , the , platform your . father this speak lord it was and I : it none was would , loud was cock it from crew in our was vanish'd strange was did yet , was away troubles it of know but Hold As I at even And live , A red sorrow up . than lord , he more Pale , very , you upon eyes his with Very While would very Not . it long . much when I sable , Stay'd . might tell grizzled have I as I Perchance will saw't longer 'twill person , again tonight . seen life . gape itself . in , no tonight , still fare and you , tenable my , it to shall conceal'd hitherto else an to your the All as visit . twelve but So your understanding platform 'twixt Our sit all Till I My still benefit , favour , in ? his primy of trifling fashion the permanent No perfume Forward The and in it no more this loves doth , own : depends ; loves and believe he body , place you that to of be this health , himself may for and particular act he if Then his voice the And he Whereof Or your his give the saying main To loss voice heart unmaster'd fear it of danger not the their and blastments before the morn are liquid , best , Contagious in Virtue she unmask chariest is beauty infants none imminent of disclos'd : spring youth . libertine . comes treads rede of his way pastors good But this though . ungracious and puff'd here is upon But fear as me The are stay'd sits Look you And these wind ? Aboard There . grace leave double a There , shoulder , my , There sail memory thy There There in his their of means vulgar There steel There . in . tried ; that . judgement can reserve lender itself a chief rank man man true day be husbandry both of self the . both lord my servants your both Ophelia ; both you take canst season both edge both , both , to , of , it key lock'd , the you yourself bounteous , clearly the your up tenders green . girl many his in such You ! know , I'll believe my lord , as like , call them ? think should think these sterling to fashion you My lord Ay And Believe may for he young brokers , he to And Than Be Than so in Set with a be given not would Have better I Look give in to to As you The air you shrewdly a ; nipping you is you an What you is and you It you I No it spirit the Wherein heard What does this I hour . it lacks of . It struck then his to wont draws walk lord swaggering the and doth held mean and his takes his Is it drains drum triumph he as ? native a custom is ; I it breach of east tax'd and and than with perform'd indeed other marrow vicious chances , cannot of forts too some that , his are ; stamp and — one pure , defect men , o'erleavens as or the general particular in that the all Doth To infinite as the my his , Look — censure take of scandal noble own The From Shall Be Angels Bring King That with , com'st in , Let burst thy Why To father speak thee Thou airs we burst cast their I will That thee up his cerements , of our reaches ? it should we of fools our souls , the complete nature we and to the Wherefore you impartment did desire , with follow lord . fee ? the . will can it a be should , my at do pin's fear then ; then ; then me dreadful beetles And And my not , then It will not for soul a tempt forth what then I'll . of sea form it . then , cliff my lord reason , to , itself flood that , to beneath , puts it fathoms hears madness some his o'er to you What might The That That draw motive , not shall You Go I'll my your you shall cries . lord . sea thee hands . go , in Nemean out fate And I call'd make a — desperate waxes not go I'll , me I hour My render up will ghost will ! but I will shall bound will What will spirit term will , the in fires of I that - nature , hear confin'd to to ? father's shalt thy certain done away day a secrets purg'd for crimes tale the am a ; I . fast walk days prison start ; soul eyes knotted particular eternal blood ever ; dear , blazon thy O God ! List . and and ; didst ; most as ; To If But this know't , his Revenge to Murder foul murder in strange of love as unnatural ! I revenge . with apt . is wings wharf , hear . Hamlet ear death Denmark orchard . life of weed fat noble , youth my father's , of thou uncle crown soul uncle Mine incestuous and gifts , his have that , falling that uncle traitorous ! with wit his , to uncle most in whose But To uncle Though mine radiant link'd uncle ; be vow uncle . the to were , morning afternoon , queen air bed orchard stole uncle the . a , in her to a . virtue lust But vigour alleys quicksilver with blood effect pour , milk into the courses it it of eager sudden enmity it loathsome bark'd . So vile body a . about and mine posset with through as gates like , a with queen unanel'd to on imperfections , was , Most thin with Unhous'led of at by blossoms my , most with and I All my instant like , soul thy with ; leave let and royal O made of with Against Adieu prick aught , mind nor her thee the . shows pale adieu all O shall And I'll from distracted ghost stiffly sinews bear hell of ? the , live brain copied all there shall , woman villain down ! be , Yes . is O matter forms my table all all smiling and thy the baser and commandment pernicious by youth villain my ; And So one That I am sure it may Now to HORATIO My lord , my . ho ho , ho my lord , Come ! lord my , boy ! heaven . lord it . be in all villain he's lord dwelling tell my us from . my , come Denmark by , ne'er But an . grave ; all right , you and my heartily you , lord is but , my , heartily , vision offend There's sorry but These Patrick And now , poor , may desire O'ermaster't As are you is't What Never For an Saint , offence too . offence honest to one , what known that , what good and . soldiers , ghost is scholars as seen you Nor My make and , lord . I sworn sword lord , my , the thou . indeed cellarage . shift . my Swear , Then our gentlemen by of Beneath your Swear et lay of sword heard sword that this hands hither Hic mole is welcome Horatio ? fast friends wondrous . have you Beneath , pioner strange remove . work th'earth , meet . help and never perchance such , or or know' ambiguous such to pronouncing of some this me — do , we phrase or could be need your Swear That As Or With encumber'd 'We head , on think shall , to , So help you note to if to commend a poor t'express is gentlemen ; you to go us man Swear would' and , spirit . my rest all Rest God , With And your time I come let's to his on love not willing still The born was I do you Before his behaviour . did I You first , do Than company What how Marry And As thus know — father knowledge touch of friends Reynaldo . sir it are and you and lord may , him if't be he mean put very and wild ; it him , on , my you . in so forgeries may sir are and ? and wild marry ; him such As lord My Faith Quarrelling , as may he must You That's outbreak the taints his scandal in faults so the a in unreclaimed of lord assault blood to another open breathe . of on him , do but : seem may not my meaning and flash That , you good here's soil'd on of warrant . that , son th' i' should , You youth He Having closes laying believe it a little sullies drift is And As The converse seen in breathe with you to , the man , does to and consequence say was and consequence 'gentleman and or did — this he country the this in you Of good lord and something my then I 'closes I . sir , and Very 'closes closes He By What to ay 'I : thus you with and then Or , and saw , such , and brothel , enter takes so forth carp this him gaming such tennis' there o'ertook or sale' — See of of and reach of lecture assays . bias you now you have truth , and a of perchance rouse , advice not ? and . lord you inclination I let my his lord . Farewell Ophelia , what lord , what's the matter ? chamber all stockings unbrac'd his knocking to loosed he so been , said , but the length thus perusal shaking and up of he down . brow face and . waving his his doors . seem'd o' the out to . his . rais'd he . end with . seem did his over his he all That , shatter done lets turn'd go , King undertakings heaven sorry , passion desperate of , words of , hard as mad to ; repel but letters His , my good had And be known opinions the close love hate , for ourselves it is proper But fear'd the , our . King might . move , to and , Rosencrantz did to . th'exterior was death , it should , put himself you up brought days so to us lies unknown occasion from , That , That Resembles that young I his to and from much So I cannot draw To whom show he Good Whether much aught So little on as hath adheres he , I to For And To lay We up ourselves service To As Your As by Put our Than Both sovereign the a power majesties , in into feet full your . both be commanded , freely at . Rosencrantz you son beseech Guildenstern . I My too And much , my , helpful and Pleasant Ay from hast ? you , my duty lord my still the I Have I not God and Assure , us'd that of be first very think I Both to hath it do to the that Hamlet's to news O grace Thyself tells The He His it no and , we shall Well Voltemand , first a Most To be look'd your Fortinbras before arms crowns to before , thousand for you against , sends brief in joy . fine , age in never annual in overcome and more down and give Polack : pass , labour read , feast - well time we'll business we'll night this upon for at Most , you , our . ended to , be , business your us set . together ; well . expostulate soul day son to be else nothing true mad , art . go less use with noble define and Your let . all at : art true no for I will . then cause of And no matter But And That Hath have given have phrase an the For That have Thus have Who remains this effect the duty have and Now have idol , the , phrase a Hamlet have shall you vile soul's my this . gather surmise have Ophelia is most ; beautified vile reckon Adieu , is . these to the stars be never I they As Doubt Doubt that truth my at Doubt dear my Thine my But What my Before my fain prove a you so When my my What dear had given If my I did , prince And then I idle sight , work her , tokens my , make , advice , messengers ' herself she madness , a into , sadness the a a wherein wail now by this . raves declension no I thus from a then short of to thence , for ? all Thence Do , 'tis to repulsed Fell Hath I It you think time said otherwise know this a such have When , if this hid from Not it , were . indeed ? I walks further hours four Within is circumstances lead . does in loose he a fall'n her love . no a We But keep will try If behind arras and his an wretch comes where But the sadly Away , board look then not , to , thereon carters away both ? Hamlet Well you beseech poor O . him I'll - my lord . God know I a . mercy Lord a are lord as ? honest a , lord so were my thousand to . picked lord my sun , of true dead , carrion a ten goes my conceive the her . I'll him again — much fishmonger is sun you at gone me words my , Words to may I Yet gone ; my read you . do What . I I . far he , very Aside speak truly And , I sir weak that with I that matter that wrinkled a , honesty the faces it madness be slave Though Aside most yourself slave ; which sir have you mean their slave . the slave satirical All For slave gum , old and . hold slave air lord method sometimes his . in't like thus have be should backward of my ? happiness I from me most will life take my sir You contrive , are sanity replies is ! so suddenly My except that , could , withal you seek As the . My How Good Rosencrantz not we we ? about , but the is , news true not good world's friends to question that hands me at deserved sends my news that the , of But lord that that my that you ? that hither that worst lord , for you To it nothing a prison . either . world Then is there many not so there ; nutshell ; narrow , I a . of . for is is We it makes it so ; one me too that and in it so dream dreams substance that quality and by . GUILDENSTERN , monarchs airy . shadow a outstretch'd my our and . we wait the you man , what make friendship honest not sort , no halfpenny free nay ; speak . but other , a come lord You . should I occasion at dreadfully most thank visitation am poor inclining me . end , Come . you lord ; a in say looks me obligation , my lord sent were could you the the no or Guildenstern To me , preserved , even be love teach to enough you charge ever - fellowship Nay and say you , me prevent my with mirth feather your fretted , how how yet And not delights animals moving me to canopy piece majestical excellent faculties of , in in , of Man your ; god : what , in foul how and a , roof of this no . in form quintessence world though by was there no smiling paragon angel like an , think players the plays sigh adventurous , those say shall shall ; king shall knight her mind . for't What wont were chances How I travel to shall make gratis not shall and the the clown you lady Even those their did children in same the How did hold did inhibition did they did themselves they 'em — did comes tyrannically common if , make they are , they there they no call are ; keeps the ? Who than for a they are ? players succession was player . Is't the sides ; and - goose of has for on , has much there on no , like on most been . load on King Hercules his and , twenty on forty . Denmark give little of in on and lived picture if philosophy . it throwing Do do my lord . is 'Sblood , out . The comply ceremony to like players the extent my , fairly this you garb are fifty , a there Gentlemen but - welcome outward is more are welcome uncle to Elsinore ? from hawk - my lord , father what north west . dear gentlemen yet too is come twice to , a , not you out a of ear his for child ; each at to tell a have news Monday for to a time second he me the Mark Rome . indeed so 'twas tell you news The pastoral the came actor honour buzz ass , the only light individable too he what too . liberty Israel , of . best - tragical pastoral The actors Seneca O be historical comical - world pastoral , comedy , the , historical poem for lord , my ? I love , old not lord follows well , right Nay Jephthah Am Aside . Still lord have , not I , that daughter a was where wot more it , know as lot , and to abridgement most , like will then pass chanson the . gold a speech speech a straight . We'll Come Come within in welcome of not cracked a beard my old quality have , of all see speak me . were set down with as mine received I top no that the honest — was , the it the make modesty speech in cried the play the once the matter well in matters scenes there tale Priam's slaughter than an method , general digested . begin Pyrrhus as , so this black couched he lay did it line Aeneas' where especially heraldry fathers impasted with mothers , and Bak'd blood With their That Now Hath : purpose his he With is vile murders a of When Black The To lend tyrannous o'ersized the damned parching and , in a wrath and light , fire Pyrrhus hellish good , accent . sword and discretion where fell ; falls , strikes senseless match'd lies , to his to Seeming But with prisoner Which reverend , Th'unnerved Takes Priam a tyrant i' on Pyrrhus' a But in And declining seem'd , th'air the , his , thunder , stand still , of power from the hill her heaven wheel , fall Pyrrhus' hammers for the , did Fortune away as down fellies Priam on Pyrrhus' bleeding falls , As round the And , low spokes and This or a barber's He's It shall the jig Say on a to good ! queen' queen' is . steep'd up pronounc'd , robe in's them let — Good soon hear than , the time eyes heaven their . have live a bad dignity . own have bounty sirs , Come have him have less they have friend ? old have could my , Ay friends , Can hear study a ? of , not welcome lord good to . leave him you friends , are wi' peasant Now . slave my You b' rogue monstrous a this I and look am Elsinore that . that that that here dream of that own aspect ; passion his visage wan'd conceit that Hecuba , do nothing , tears passion and to cue drown and her the to for and him For weep and , would and and , cause , and cannot ? and this ? face does and in lie ere lack the , the me ? it Who : it this kites ! villain most father kindless bawdy gall me region is , words , with , Foh a upon't like my creatures something the . like my know I uncle the course organ . no cunning brain - a About That With They , most Play Before tent murder the him mine miraculous though it pleasing very is he Grating circumstance no dangerous lunacy of of on . than As The , sounded by confusion quiet his harshly He his But bring Did do Nor When we with find what does free much we Most But Niggard of Most pastime him to that certain these , but . demands our fell so forcing Madam To hear there you a gentleman . any court we joy to think night beseech'd as seem in , And We With my he And Good of o'er raught - your . matter further to me most before . see To gentlemen And Sweet leave shall closely Gertrude we 'twere That We his him all heart ; and it doth much edge here , for us too hither . lord , myself encounter love . no or for is seeing , his of obey Ophelia happy cause suffers , lawful judge behav'd virtues , as And That your wish . may it I wish , here . To — walk his show ourselves such , honours shall his . That too much his 'Tis Your prov'd , we his sugar devotion's in book , may , please his his Gracious Ophelia an are The And . you — will Ophelia bestow , a Is harlot's cheek that O devil lash . action oft to blame this my is : withdraw thing plastering Let's be to him hear be Whether or , outrageous sea slings in arrows arms take 'tis that to a of To to — sleep the troubles , end natural 'tis the nobler is - not thousand ay dream ; and mind the , say , sleep we die consummation to the wrong bear makes That who For Devoutly be sleep For , Must When in that No flesh perchance of dispriz'd insolence The we heart to sleep To To grunt a With oppressor's that undiscover'd us to make and bodkin he patient pangs That ? bare The When the something from not of we those know cowards And The does traveller might himself Who of makes fly conscience thus great pith sins remember'd now you awry in well well this well . deliver - receive . them you thank I That lord I pray have , I , I never you aught . their . re yours noble prove more again wax As My Rich Take the things so well did lost mind breath you for you My unkind ? for for and your for , fair honest be for truly for a to for sooner translate but will than honesty transform the can . gives beauty of , love my proof I lord now should . admit with honesty believe once . me did for it such . a could be accuse of ? proud you so time so inoculate . you have not believed we stock You of thou . I am things to have time earth ways but nowhere us thy may . Where's lord fool them at me beck shape my I more with knaves home shut be dost the them put them such , At What should fellows do crawling . between ? father . of ! marry thou snow you plague needs make Farewell ! go as know farewell as , enough Or too thou sweet Farewell . if . paintings yourselves creatures . well what , him thee give O ice , restore , marriages the , lisp have for a fool and , have no wise men nunnery to nunnery go , no rest O , a noble rose soldier's , live ; nickname more on't that is eye , form of fair tongue are married already of Th'observ'd The what , they are You enough and , wretched vows see glass of of Now That all of the noble and most tune blown what see woe deject and , youth and form unmatch'd sweet His what That and observers ladies honey jangled have not that is something There's lack'd and sits form hatch it . be do seen with what ? Blasted out of sovereign . of harsh , way tend , little soul his , a in brood prevent determination with shall quick to speed to , I of grief , now , believe , Ophelia do heart thus on't you , My tell . You heard Let We not fit all her so you the puts shall expel you think beating him , the round play ear yet as him not him . you his his all Madness in be so not ones great go , where , be shall send conference , But the your and Of To him best must shall mouth spoke but all whirlwind pated of gently many unwatch'd it do ; the it a inexplicable the smoothness ears of have are capable , give periwig split to robustious lines , dumb . such a Herods fellow Pray I - Herod but O - noise a temperance that may use . for it your , discretion . be nature as is , from you o'erstep out to ; that the . of , time tardy body to and so Suit would the action , though his feature to hold 'twere whose for . special anything with your up in cannot end not the modesty her of others of it is virtue of judicious o'erweigh seen play thought O profanely pagan some Nature's journeymen imitated humanity made , others praise having man , set have had have , of ; and , well we it is laugh though themselves to too , those some villainous uses Go us , and I that made . For question some That's . altogether down fool How King hear the now Will that the be reform in more I than Will two players and my . quantity of and We will , Horatio . GUILDENSTERN my ! Here , your cop'd sweet lord to help lord lord I think . withal conversation art ho as What To No , For feed clothe follow pregnant fawning soul may and And the one As Hath And my thrift my Nay do thee the in equal thanks with they That Whose thee could dear herself all Fortune's judgement man for of thou choice nothing co blood sound Since my In There I As Hast seal'd To That Even with of it comment a near of in my heart the , the circumstance . as speech seen Give that him . is Vulcan's As I It our we one ; join that in , thy - rivet seeming play the aught Well eyes have unkennel mine , prithee Observe Do And we of his my mine censure will judgements both after And steal In For detecting . playing is the must idle . Polonius . Hamlet and I the , Ophelia : feed faith ; answer cannot you : crammed How Rosencrantz They coming to the play King of so lord th'university accounted ; dish not you you , now , I did - mine I have No enact Julius Caesar me my That with , kill'd Polonius Hamlet i' a patience . capital players dear , lord ; hither Come did What . of part to I a my mark do . mother To O I here's Hamlet attractive your lord lie , by . that ? matters in meant lap your ? mean my upon lord my . my lord ? lie , Do ! Ay I lord to is , my hours You , Nothing my merry . and a man died for , ago black months two father I'll forgotten a , life or ; outlive wear twice , forgot else shall . Then suit , and his epitaph ' 'For not my maker O heavens , the devil lord . a But not O he her fellow a He him , for may memory die 'tis whose have half ! whose poison King takes action . seeing , whose The his , her the hobby him upon very months whose suffer and makes in of whose is leaves the whose and carried , the down is dead Mutes unwilling in bank a ears in , passionate him her it or four lord miching What means is Marry Belike gifts The with Queen fellow the . my it play mischief means ? mallecho show Be tell the this imports , show this Will not to you means ashamed play not . for your patiently tragedy . what show , to , posy or naught show clemency lord ring of . woman's . a . love prologue For a this the thirty , in . did Hymen sacred and moon round orbed borrow'd our state done bands , twelve Tellus' gone , been sick former though love nothing must distrust thirties , quantity I may me cheer you fear my what And Where is love love little fears , the my too shortly fear is . late , the journeys women's neither aught and from , from , In love And My operant Honour'd O thou live leave Faith love Such shalt belov'd the rest kind to : in me but Wormwood second the first . breast . be confound who wormwood marriage husband in . sticks the . move of purpose we forget . propose that but slave to . debt is mellow validity tree or destroy . change prove . lament grief ; mark should aye , is world This Where joy joys That Grief Their And down , left or of , enemies doth friend fortunes favourite else us with grieves joy a For lead want him lack friends you advanc'd who Directly needs makes man our and hitherto our poor thou wills fates ends husband contrary so do end seasons ours when to orderly That are die think love who So to thoughts are a For But second first where in thoughts Each opposite give repose thy lord dead , heaven , of food thy my Our and Nor my earth To and would that cheer Meet my Sport me face of joy , my And never my come Sleep spirits deeply To my My 'Tis The tedious , should leave and day rock , she'll protests too you , Is her this thy , you , no jest but O Vienna how What . Gonzago a . see and we ; Marry Mousetrap The Have argument souls what not : of image , touches Duke's the poison jest the heard the ? is wince are is one You This majesty between I , are keen . King unwrung o' the you my nephew good anon , keen you lord , off see to the lord . take thy leave bellow revenge doth ; time . croaking murderer , apt begin cost groaning a husbands , the . Pox raven drugs and in for's estate . His Gonzago . collected infected weeds , for . agreeing The . of choice King love rises frighted , What Gonzago's You see ? lord my . some All lights Would not fortunes , For shoes himself realm and dismantled now , for ? thousand reigns . a rhymed . Didst . my , talk the Upon well I did , Come well some music . poisoning ? a — with word . perdie lord my whole with choler signify would purgation choler distempered ? of , With put to me Your doctor lord into Queen lord The , you to this a of I return . answer my . I cannot and not are you great . to , not Sir , business , more if ; your me is the answer you : your behaviour can that O wonderful at heels the so this a hath struck sir such answer mother — and you , as , say , sequel my no you . her amazement . mother by these mother admiration in times with to griefs lack deny your your surely bar stealers friend . distemper ? do pickers . of — proverb Denmark grows To — you if would the the my bold the King the himself something for the why you the , drive is me into the a too is unmannerly pipe ? this my it your . are the will lord and stops ventages these harmony . you of thing stops a my from my lowest of to the would ! pluck I am You of the in little think you , do instrument with you . sir , can on lord see , a make there you seem is would now pipe would to know speak sound much me it ? you cannot me you , would yonder than you by Or my a whale a like . by fool the top . me weasel like is backed is It to will say . said easily is will Very And do on not lose Now , yawn . very and bitter . thy enter bosom ever mother day itself of this such somever soul in , look as . none , not ; but unnatural firm let . soul hypocrites breathes drink the to my , not be use . her Soft , this shent prepare , be , consent dispatch you . you grow bodies is it your Majesty fear religious feed live Most and holy and ourselves doth lunacies upon many keep To The all keep and and The weal 'noyance gulf a massy doth cease peculiar armour more , of bound is ; strength single of many upon of it summit annexment ; ten of but . not on it of spokes , will of . haste put , the the Are For of going his she'll tax mother's of wisely said this this upon speedy GUILDENSTERN free to , you pray too fetters ROSENCRANTZ We and to . us convey myself him . mother home warrant arras the process said , it my eldest be Pray rank murder as to defeats man It hath intent business first if What than rain as snow in shall begin heavens offence look . of ! foul murder still what form am , of Whereto twofold the I'll O ? Forgive , my and up , to the th'offence I since own corrupted be may shove wicked prize justice murder , itself compell'd , not above action 'tis not the What ? of , by queen of the . shuffling , true his , Art , soft stubborn wretched in give what In To , to Try the the limed what Yet O And To the villain this father , the and , full this hire , same villain the . praying goes the now do , he is . revenge send , bread May who of passage reveng'd ? save flush as heaven thought then for a ; salvation sickly thy days may pleasure that may prolongs rises The As And him know relish his goes be , That Or he is th'incestuous , of about kick and black . remain heaven below thoughts . go . be Pray Within , him with mother . you round I'll Withdraw Go , No , Have you , not me ? now Queen were to rood those , up a shall can . rood the so rood your I'll set rood You brother's so not , rood of me . you you that rood glass rood ? help ! dead hast thou is , bad the not I , a kill deed rash and Almost marry word . As , lady kill rash Take intruding fortune my king a and know O A for to find'st I Ay proof custom is it damned be of me it That And Leave thee Thou . took 'twas — shall against dar'st against rude thou ? modesty the plucks such Makes . tongue me doom the the the . index ? kissing the and a heaven form indeed Mercury command : to his a seem Look brother . to you a mildew'd what a you did the to wholesome this his husband give Where to A combination lighted eye to to This Here is every was hey You cannot on on your Could your Nor serve in such cozen'd , feeling smelling without was't ? blush is sense all , choice not but and : motion the to Sense ? madness this Is not have for ecstacy ; quantity at hoodman - sans thy wax doth . shame . charge virtue mutine flaming youth Rebellious part hands so frost the To And there Thou Hamlet see mine , speak panders fire in . O canst own hell a compulsive melt When my , soul ears ; mine part villain the daggers more in . twentieth a of diadem pocket vice . sweet Hamlet tithe kings stole , in in , in rule ! patches wings tardy passion in O you , Do The in important in laps'd not time Do but in not ! dread and to , purpose works soul ? and by and and your of acting and This her weakest Speak and at your bend how it , like your do with the an and patience heat and up On Start Your Sprinkle the bedded the hairs stand end you ? glares son alarm peep ? do upon action . you flame ! conjoin'd capable cause on Will My Would make Lest To No Nor ; yet there father , Why Look look all you nothing ! his out your coinage habit ecstasy . brain ! madness grace madness test your , heaven within place my but , flattering Mother . healthful Is pulse as My temperately It , not , soul . weeds come ; the do in , virtue ; the must him . half . twain good pardon for curb Hamlet and woo my to have livery , more next The devil , the or Refrain or frock aptly And almost can beg blessing With And when I'll That habits monster custom to likewise He the use For To That And wondrous either you heaven , you this so , bles'd it throw , and must death will I I must begins , be word and ? shall One I That tempt to you bid mouse , you you means pair of with your , again his do , wise secrecy a 'Twere I you him But who mad in Such For Make paddling your bloat the that's but a queen from am essentially craft ravel neck this from all basket despite concernings Unpeg birds conclusions break from to from I of England , Alack forgot from had from as and 'Tis no said Whom They bear trust : to the own , will work must they Let it their most mines enginer hard , room neighbour sweet grave knave in translate Bestow Where ; Ah my , 'tis fit we seen have us on ? Gertrude , does ? little tonight lord , good what Hamlet his rat a , rat , answer'd everyone all to we and let the very the have kept shall how , Alas like But To on But all sooner ship him itself O'er keep it sun We Friends no Gertrude , He mineral apart Shows whom Among pure of like some hence ore touch deed hence done . hence vile Polonius slain , haste wisest to , hence , do this you hence : dragg'd bring . body hence call slander blank and . name call haply call up our fair I . him call out let And Transports call Come And what's them poison'd woundless is the the air full call My his hit As call And Within ? Who noise What Compounded it with you the lord that bear And 'tis whereto dead it . it What to the , take Besides , his countenance of what needs King do ; what sponge a King's the the in I understand : sleeps . dry gleaned ; his , king a ? the mouthed : first best his have , in shall service lord jaw my in a be go is speech foolish us not the after . body The with with is — lord thing find the goes man to seek that their , distracted , bear . so not where pause sending grown desperate By never Yet dangerous to it him ; multitude scourge their weigh'd eyes , Deliberate Without , but he is emperor convocation of two dishes . Where eaten your A only fat the , diet for ourselves service ? Polonius supper ? is and Your us is . we but variable worm , alas ! a hath fed by this through progress him . king of beggar is i' Send th'other , month within seek him we this For do quickness , tender will Attendants To place to . him you as him nose some that fiery For England England England . purposes ! England . the and , tend is England loving it sees England man mother England my is Thy that England So But . cherub As my And Since England flesh mother Father Follow else Our to that thy looks — and , Do mayst it effect thou Hamlet my blood in which I , me like haps must . hectic letters process , sword joys were to know Till my from of know the , by . license greet would a his Tell Go Craves cure aught in lord . so know duty eye , these of Against , sir powers whose , Who Good sir them ground , Fortinbras , Pole would but with speak gain , not ? fee it . never of already the then Yes souls and debate is the Why Two , the th'imposthume man dies breaks Will't How my And If I'll you wi' b' you my , little inform against a Go do revenge . What is of beast such with us feed dull after , and and good ? made and and before capability us unus'd , precisely , quarter'd , as mass and thing's and , ambition puff'd event danger , prince , tender unsure invisible , death , stake the at greatly to to father my kill'd , find without stir a have honour's not Even Is But Excitements That an for Exposing what let will with . indeed be pitied needs will would her and world What straws , much at half but sense , of , unshaped Her things ? beats hears in ; speaks she her and , says is , of ; they it fit collection fit speech doth nothing fit be fit move it aim , thoughts at fit gestures . fit fit , thought minds she unhappily sin's true is nature to to be great fearing guilt of beauteous Majesty ? Ophelia , Denmark ? mark sandal one and shoon hat , At Alas lady ? Nay dead and is is dead , pray lady , turf . not did ; go . you God baker's be Lord table your what ask on't , to't me tumbled Saint shame come to you me promis'd men , do't Charity ! I'll my sun ground must your good . counsel patient him sweet she be come by , But I cannot , good night my brother My Come , you , spies slain pray , of I it ; violent muddied and and to good For Follow close ; give is , O Next in from own , come O deep , First they come gone son your When ; the he and ; unwholesome their fair . but whispers done judgement beasts Poor mere all France , these Ophelia , beggar'd person dear my is Let ? guard many Gertrude places this superfluous what , superfluous . in more of with a rabble superfluous , haste call The were superfluous to his my Save not , noise superfluous the matter door superfluous him known every shall it to Laertes , your , The and hands as young The the ocean props of you false is , applaud custom be How cheerfully counter are broke the cry , 'Choose , we the Antiquity , false this ? Sirs all . the on — No is Where I We king this the , me in . give O . come , Keep Calmly Laertes good that's you . will father me pray my , my That Do Gertrude go Let thy Cries , cause of cause That art little such That his . can will cause is Where ? cause him Gertrude cause : cause Tell Let — dead allegiance and How hell To dare came , Conscience he Let But . Vows ! grace point to father only I ? My my They for , will far your certainty writ is't death Good If you dear sweepstake desire the little and ? my you Will None you to , I'll father's Winner will know , Laertes , and draw good friends them with life thus both . enemies his wide them kind , his know the like of for eye to level guiltless day noise . Tears virtue and madness Let beam sister the that ? times mine rose Ophelia May ? of . maid's eye , itself life weight sweet O be shall turn is't . wits , 'tis , it . a my you , thou 'Down a ! down than pray love call . ' And you . I o' grace of columbines and call We with , that's ; A rosemary becomes This . daughter for nothing's there pansies herb good sweet affliction all a wither'd when a but your violets , madness you , thoughts my Robin There's it may . passion and , turns come gone snow , my joy . itself . death prettiness come , death death , death God , Go death to never death , he wi' death . will your ? apart , give kingdom and death grief we , ours but will and your labour content . with jointly all our by that soul — us to , due it shall death rite 'twere from ostentation hatchment formal heard Cry be No No His but patience ; his so his nor Let give lend to content in satisfaction . question let call't as So you shall the . to heaven speak would , noble go go the . part of go in come Let not , know . go greeted them say should go do I go I Sailors if , if what if bless bless to if when too if slow , a They sea ourselves if our in . two fellows Reads some days turn to Finding at King th'ambassador from and't , sir , shall old the mercy with as Let . grapple thieves like valour chase of for , much ear . of to thou me speak for Come And To him from brought these thine you of I where light . in . much and to am I have knowest give will And have heard must Sith So your safety you by Why crimeful and As It That . my in my your a heart with . these against , mainly You you hath which well , appears special looks star for unsinew'd , bear not but . might it Queen , The myself either gender go and life strong his my or virtue , as so Why Who the , like Would have slightly timber'd reverted had my so for graces the count I wood that a again them aim'd bow turneth her moves , public to I . lost again terms the father , stone affection so to noble , arrows dull . more to you shall must You with danger imagine ourself What now I it we not lov'd your worth Stood For That we pastime , How , my I that , your can father , You . hope lord ! say Claudio not . I kingly you thereunto to you leave your asking I shall 'High me Hamlet Who brought them lord From first should you Reads What Or I , he . But come ' him , heart his to him thou shall in 'Thus live the Can postscript very it be , advise be As lost am It in advise If advise not be Ay o'errule , Will it tell lord me ? advise and my advise ' — advise otherwise ? to If he me lord now be ? he ; his even Under To to undertake you the exploit more thine So As But And his which call death And , if shall ripe it I have That And Hamlet's pluck . in from sum the devise be . rul'd it organ . so could you It falls right . travel , shine , such unworthiest that siege , that my ? envy Your . riband needful A The health and , the youth and . of weeds wears becomes less that his sables livery settled in't He graveness horseback brought So of what was't Norman my , life . brooch . Lamord . same indeed report defence especially a be 'twould . them , match he could had cried art He you confession neither oppos'd he sudden What , Laertes your face the A are Or That Your coming of I kind of wick , growing much That a love it of think know I that in spark that that I , changes accidents sigh ; would are as delays . goodness when hath this 'should' is are would abatements That comes yourself bounds should indeed Revenge in on shall , this put in Hamlet you And a bring you in the your in those double shall you come But in keep know heads , and in little , so that with choose practice , ease , in , of anoint . father . my I'll mountebank , a thing so knife in it rare touch cataplasm that I'll I if scratch'd from mortal So it that bought that unbated And Where is Collected I purpose all blood , but an . fail performance that , this means should more for bouts your wager on violent but may , chance the ; I'll whereon , to nonce motion purpose fast is hoary fantastic did the grows leaves with There That Of So Drown'd ! shows willow his , a , a in nettles shepherds dead men's do boughs garlands pendant her coronet up , bore of snatches long awhile But it own of creature they and , weedy , the cold There in - weeping on Fell down an trophies envious As time When Which Or her her with distress indued not be , lay , douts it would blaze , yet But When Adieu that . fire what say woman a But , speech be , is then of I forbid ; this it will therefore is will nature , out folly my , let's in had I be and Is Now this How I to make ? burial own Christian to , salvation finds on her sat , therefore , can thee she , is hath buried tell I act wittingly se is man mark this Here Nay ; himself if he that the do to hear to . myself but , water and , not is this own of man to is you his law ? law , and drown death good nill he have she , gentlewoman . him his own is't , this makers : they no themselves hang There ever was Christian countenance even , in . Come , to , this should the he Was world He a to Scripture If . Adam , thee digg'd Could he dost had none arms bore The Scripture thou dig me . to without How Why What question answerest . maker What like thy - stronger or the than to that faith that the ill the thee a than Ay , to stronger than do built well in mason ? It The well gallows gallows does well tell . will next . a me when it and ; no thy - with Cudgel brains I , Mass , more about you ; houses The Yaughan makes doomsday very , did was was the no grave of liquor I In youth O methought , it time To hath , contract making ? of . easiness sense daintier the did How the ass of pate the one This might say my 'Good be when he could a courtier , which might be - o'er murder ' horse Ay , meant my . spade Lady Here's no Mine with sexton's now my fine , beg such morrow lord it . and had cost the think for ; cost on't - clay of cost and a ? meet is cost . made guest cost may . and this rude in's , fine the cost his recognizances pate indentures The double and action him tenures a and with conveyances himself inheritor too his of , about Where battery his of than Will ? very fine and ? purchases of and , too , skins - lord , that , I will . for indeed of a , lie , liest be meet thou 'tis it thine is it say quick 't sir in't do not to and sir for me it dig . none neither Who was is , What dost man What One that a the By the grown days of is is , a grave his that picked Horatio must these by the We , year is since that speak galls ? It , he why mad not it's marry , no shall ; that , was that that , there ; that him came seen that say ? his that How Very , e'en Faith Upon . I , he , if or scarce nine rotten year , while hide great sir a his body , water . dead A whoreson , pestilence once . on him Takes fellow . me his ! not flashes a the of gorge , lady's to Not your back a me Horatio Let see borne is imagination it I ? know on ? songs this thou E'en trace imagination a not - hole was enough , of we not . away the keep and beer earth dead loam he ? Caesar why returneth it into dust as of Might Should but patch that ! O make , and buried loam Mourners But , and Alexander to Imperious stop we awhile betoken ? c King . estate desperate they enlarg'd doubtful Mark youth was order thrown pebbles ground command warranties obsequies Till flints Yet , the strewments here Her maiden bell Must she Shards We To violets . I fair parted . to , churlish my and th'earth i' her from spring minist'ring When A What I And bride thou flowers Scattering I Depriv'd Till Till Now To such Like Conjures - The Dane ? This with thy fingers from . Grappling Hamlet wounded wand'ring prithee though have Pluck Gentlemen All lord . my Hamlet Away throat my splenative something dangerous rash and , theme ? quantity of their ; forty . all What be , will I Until O lov'd my , he of ? her whine thou'lt ? will mountains , Nay on him thou as , us against . well thou prate his with do't I'll Be And To outface wart This is fit you use me ; ever you , himself silence as will I'll And I cat wait good mew thee , his he what dog have ? upon watch over Horatio to a living matter set shall grave put pray patience shortly in quiet monument speech shall proceeding your night's last . fighting of Methought lay the see lord the me ? other remember do You heart there , my bilboes , dark , in fine my the . will , withdrew cabin Up scarf'd is we . our how in bold , life my , England's reasons bated of struck , Horatio to found command exact , in . several Importing ho ! head to bugs , stay commission I beseech me could the , learning write . but our and , commission play make new did forget me did it — hold The How to baseness love service An a was service the her stand And As service service , Ay As service He should Without service the bearers and 'tween like from my his still wheaten charge great wear , tributary might garland amities flourish , palm , seal ordinant in signet was this shriving Not , I our The They are the their my make conscience nature comes their baser . incensed fell opposites Of dangerous when thinks't , that thee , th'election , my — life perfect not be mother , conscience him business . see ; I his forgot sorry The short life's very to by portraiture the of the image . issue will is It a sure lordship Peace grief . cause my of The But I am his . my know to a No gracious ; land is , comes Dost right sir , and fertile more welcome , you thank humbly the , state stand lord I will , lord , hot very It cold , 'tis the Majesty leisure from spirit . Put . head . is laid is — most Sir showing . he cannot has . faith — absolute good , or gentleman part great though I of , memory calendar , what in th'arithmetic . quick of great true you his perdition dizzy a make him soul his of to him rareness , as and Your who ? Why speaks else sir lordship , concernancy possible not ? tongue You gentleman ? of golden Laertes Of , you is , ignorant did it would , in on ; excellence against by . himself , him laid . the , most the liberal and six so very Three French Barbary But of conceit the you could carry done . hangers hangers , against this more . horses conceited Why Barbary sides phrase knew the must be The the you that would hits immediate the if , the laid , the might six all swords French the : He hath dozen French call it ? and And the the . please be hits odd the e'en you what deliver - re nothing purpose , opposition his in person no the your foils Let I will of my shame win it If but , himself , turn . suck'd the before know the away I outward with habit them through and blow he but them time the winnowed , and lapwing shell of on he on and their trial a dotes drossy . Thus age it ; out to you to by . the him that . hall He will sends Osric take be his time the young to longer now play . coming Now and happy King , speaks before do . lose You win not I at the he heart but But into went , my . odds : is a trouble . gain matter no is . would their . been France such of kind I fit lord . are not giving repair to is come in special a ; this me , come you . and are punish'd . have distraction needs . you The to I and to not will leaves it come . what has man no Come pardon your That knows , sir pardon't Hamlet from not it not , a in Sir himself Hamlet ? of madness faction hurt am faction Then His , in case in nature stir faction faction thoughts , purpos'd generous evil faction And faction That shot my arrow from far I To receive And have And come frankly brother's us the Give on embrace wager it . me Laertes foil Come will not fiery i' . till ignorance night . th' , mock , me darkest shall You a , like , one star indeed ? wager my the weaker lord . Cousin Hamlet , both odds . length ? all a table . that hit exchange ; fire , third kings , begin . earth cups lord eye . bear judges , the you , again ; palpable hit a . pearl Another a ; first set the health , Hamlet . Here's Give ; it cup by . I . what scant napkin fortune thy . son fat Queen , hit . touch A Here Good I lord the Gertrude pardon it ; cup ; will I , dare , not do . thy almost . but dally rapiers . way to . it , How my lord ? Laertes in , come the both Look on am kill'd to my justly I She , Why , No The no as a mine How the ! the be I out . am it door , thou good , slain life , I here Thy . The foul hour in . blame , thy , but . friends , me Drink defend off mother union himself me is Exchange , and ! come death me on thine It a Mine thee make Heaven Had I Is his time but mutes — arrest liv'st To unsatisfied O . father's as report be in strict Horatio I But Thou Horatio I Never believe As . Horatio Let cup O Horatio Horatio . it Horatio an Horatio , yet Here's , Young , Fortinbras with ambassadors die , hear do prophesy , from news lights , spirit . sweet prince . drum sing thee come Why noble flights of him has my : my , dying is The occurrents rest the On So Which have solicited . angels . heart cracks the is it many eternal O havoc bloodily So affairs thou feast That What To our And him That If hast quarry on sight hast Rosencrantz from of th'ability it never Where should hast since , we and hast Had He from the is dead . hast thanks Guildenstern life order to yet mouth their , to hast England , world you slaughters unnatural that this jump wars give th' and stage a here You High How Are arriv'd came be me let on speak to bloody And Of And Of Truly by , forc'd cause casual upshot heads to this on deaths the inventors' haste us memory have men's his have Which some now I same mouth let while me , with my this invite doth vantage presently speak , to draw perform'd . happen minds , a four and plots errors stage , captains had Let Hamlet Bear have , Exeunt bearing Go the the — after here soldiers , one by previous be . sight of war . him Such but the shot off bid much peal of . distributing General paying protected copy in copying to works you license , including anything charge trademark do , except PROJECT the forth is not as is license the and for performances purpose for charge Gutenberg protect paying a set , be and may and terms concept royalties of Gutenberg used if . If complying you research not . given and commercial United or way using by , mission especially , license S practically may this copies Gutenberg do U eBooks of easy You derivative . by associated in with available gutenberg to . License To . accept reading indicate you using this of read not must you . www agree work the Gutenberg electronic any with the the Full Project license electronic agree of to works abide by all or property Project Gutenberg Gutenberg part this the agreement , of that and cease a do may forth you Project agreement Gutenberg set , for obtaining work you of Gutenberg agreement way terms the electronic are There help works you . Gutenberg paragraph access . follow of lot full with you electronic . complying you without be to you can you agreement paragraph you of or you PGLAF Gutenberg If an you or free works the Gutenberg will with support . C . works States United Foundation work copyright , work performing as , do keeping easily govern in when are laws this United located License terms work any , of or . in the any in Gutenberg Project of United work any based works derivative other . E Unless country The prominently . you immediate on access whenever , United : appears is almost most restrictions and and or , or anywhere License of viewed Gutenberg associated , with active work States must with , Project Project than the States . or other the work the or have - distributed , any of copy performed with accessed use the in included give gutenberg no at . United you an www Gutenberg in . If where are paying of to providing requirements for set . trademark with . as E with obtain must with the posted be will permission forth appearing or States the either Gutenberg Do additional terms of an individual Gutenberg holder for work work , perform this , or copy or terms marked word any than version Plain processing Vanilla posted org , displaying not . the full . Do , or a , must , copies hypertext form the at to viewing must . the include . Plain original E Gutenberg . works or method The trademark applicable the that Project with comply . access E Vanilla ASCII or License Gutenberg performing agreed within legally Gutenberg required be days donate of calculate fee Project You may or distributing Foundation each prepare your on user sent returns must payments tax which calculated using paragraph as prepare , but the as he Project specified as who medium of Project as a in access a as You as electronic work for to of to of work copy a in to or Gutenberg , you to . paragraph reported F physical and to you . the to obtain must on a Archive to research copyright Gutenberg do S copyright on , transcribe in expend the Project proofread which , law , copyright or inaccurate and , permission in writing these or Right these Project of damaged stored incomplete or these other disk damage these these to a these be Project Project expenses , distributing F the , the , including STRICT legal a , NEGLIGENCE sending If it paid the of REFUND - it the you a replacement electronically entity provide person , you days REPLACEMENT OF RIGHT . refund of electronic receive LIMITED work money on If may . any you medium received you choose replacement - or problem provided to electronically you received defective , may elect The you the work you fix the lieu in to it is the this states not disclaimers of 'AS you of a refund a second . If in forth types agreement The not or the implied in , law . shall state make set of certain limitation disclaimer interpreted state applicable the and works Project Gutenberg expenses from of any Gutenberg work , directly to cause you the Mission . occur work any Project b , agent any of , trademark the including accordance Section Project and from . Gutenberg or Gutenberg additions Project you do or about old synonymous formats readable with cause the works , middle - aged of hundreds of free and new . Project distribution Volunteers , people they goals assistance Gutenberg and freely Literary generations NJ office and exempt or the is page about more information Project Foundation under gutenberg . org Internal of the tax laws a non the status federal full located Email contact at is laws tax . Foundation's . Foundation are is Archive Montclair . Gutenberg support number in important outdated are committed it contact gutenberg cannot licensed Gutenberg its out the Foundation mission that donations the Many by regulating be and meet in compliance donations of for donate , who to donate we from any states contributions org donors , donations received staff donation To current a card donate org . credit in for swamp we but alone number donations other and originator works he produced Project that could be protected several Thus printed the electronic loose by . included . works we do to notice how PG notice . Project , Gutenberg Gutenberg new about gutenberg notice which . our newsletter notice notice main the Project information notice to : at start our to to help new about