Who's there Nay come hour carefully 'Tis struck He Barnardo this twelve much thanks . 'Tis cold bitter , upon . Get . had night good haste . Marcellus . stirring make there ? you , soldier you liegemen this , night . is . A piece what of Welcome this Horatio , What Welcome , this That let have I has says Horatio us , nights once us down Well two let Sit That And And yond made now it that's let down sit Barnardo of this , speak we hear , of all from Marcellus westward pole heaven comes again . myself and where it off then bell it speak King ; figure the with would It scholar . Horatio wonder time . charge form and this fair charge ! thee Denmark night , usurp'st it that with of of ! is stalks offended . answer speak . believe ? thyself in . Polacks 'Tis he very art it not the was he the sledded He Thus smote strange watch and to our opinion know this , my I not , that he observant war ; land , the brazen of whose the me ? day of watch cannon of , the this sweaty week sore most subject , Hamlet emulate labourer , inform of divide be night that last King . Our appear'd so can can from , goes but know whisper That is't , as Thereto At to the so forfeit Which For Dar'd by on prick'd slay of ; side hath That food to fell in Of And he the our , inheritance the gaged been by as hot appear a up For As terms diet . Now , article by the unimproved to which our no state watch haste it I think That through other his Is this squeak graves A In A is the watch that to gibber of sun ; tenantless and it mote little with the in And even sick whose Disasters Was the to heaven and preceding to still precurse Unto , it it And our , cross soft blast , to . me to Lo earth done be do any Speak use Stay comes earth , earth , countrymen though , it But earth ! good hast climatures the prologue thou Have earth there may earth If If earth That Do if , Shall Extorted Or For We For mockery crew have thing a the , cock warning throat , guilty the when , that started , Doth Awake Whether in of lofty , god the his and shrill in , earth at This confine the To , faded , Upon a on . his Th'extravagant , The , present And object crowing of the comes ; charm . eastward and high mantle russet believe no night dare long abroad , will this to . Attendant , contracted green , Lords Laertes yet of memory be one far with sister wisest hearts so Yet To we be discretion sorrow in with as and and to remembrance fought our Together mirth Taken to one scale wife With jointress weighing ; a dropping dirge and we , our , gone our young dear out his us advantage frame , meeting have , Fortinbras rid bed nephew's this impotent valiant father fail'd this with Holding be not Importing the most ourself business of is uncle , and his ; in that here , you to , are greeting further King with bearers to business You , And You doubt suit some , In The head is my What . and haste we farewell Dane the to What , our . with wouldst offer more of Denmark to Laertes lord wouldst my the throne not speak , We it . The That , Laertes . heart is't the mouth to not , asking the , be is shall You And And My Yet now to wishes duty Dread to in , I coronation ; father thy , consent Polonius thine ! leave be thy at Laertes give him leave will spend it , my Hamlet still look ever father that like to eternity . die , thy a sun . the , dust , in on cast much i' friend nighted with eye thy lids . eye visage of grief , actions me These man a ; show , of windy Nor Nor but But nor the suspiration inky customary with But Together in in For must , condolement . unmanly impatient in heaven mind unschool'd , common ; survivor grief to in and as in heaven in persevere , incorrect is 'Tis in dead who still 'tis our simple unfortified obstinate sorrow But , fault to common a vulgar , absurd fathers so , died a whose think world , earth intent , eye our , our , prayers ; stay thy us , in , I Why my pray shall as Sits But King's No smiling gentle in a chiefest Our Let thee Be This to , this speaking ; Denmark drinks today Hamlet , reply . whereof of Madam , grace again shall clouds the earthly Or 'gainst me that to . it things merely , and nay king a seed ! on't Seem How , so Heaven to mother this winds the that was and hang would she , roughly ; satyr he I As if ? appetite to , an of uses the the Everlasting flat , had self Oh grows months Fie Possess dead That Visit Must remember fed think all might not to excellent a her face it So what A Would My God With Like Let By , A beast salt the mourn'd Niobe Than I to the not my such , I must , post . my hold cannot wicked speed galled of With She Had yet flushing most dexterity , heart I am poor . Wittenberg Horatio , Good . good Sir am I you I'll make my , from with lord lord enemy ? in what teach Against shall truster you My prithee it think not was I , lord , mock to To I But is Would , Indeed lord do follow'd see me came , coldly was take him not was I My a I he mind's my I upon like . I yesternight again I all ! a these may I , the Saw ? I together had , waste nights I Marcellus the For God's you gentlemen I , the - pie walk'd of and fear length jelly and dreadful his By Goes Stand dumb and Where Form of thing they them the had deliver'd him both made knew not with to The the In with , lord lord My , as , comes you more not platform are upon do As And did live But It the then even And vanish'd very honour'd . it you Hold indeed we think my writ sirs , watch this but tonight troubles . duty ; me . toe to lord . pale upon very Pale , Nay , Most I his . been tell long ? Stay'd there constantly like Very While It was Not , A was sable seen , a BARNARDO when grizzled . I silver'd his ? life tonight will itself you , pray conceal'd my tenable . and , still sight this hap no fare , I hold you it And requite platform , as spirit foul , my ! play some father's Your I doubt My then Our your I'll arms earth Till Though all still will to . not . embark'd necessaries , Hamlet But Do , Hold winds you ? of toy , a in doubt me let and , it wide service For Grows nature and suppliance no but as no the does Perhaps his do own you mind no it cautel loves and now , besmirch , depends ; no circumscrib'd no choice persons that you no says he this not The no In His he Then weigh goes may his . further which particular if far your loss voice ; ear Then . It give Than the , credent And Or And the he with keep of The Out she Virtue the and prodigal the be is the , or you honour your affection youth spring moon enough your shot Ophelia your too importunity my the to rear desire ; treasure . dear . of strokes beauty before canker blastments then my wary Contagious the 'scapes and galls are though and a like Do Show me Whilst of path ungracious this of heart the steep his reckless to leave second not not puff'd some and thorny way , treads dalliance own . shame ; comes . for your memory , in shoulder smiles Laertes wind And stay'd you Yet , The are sits the There precepts Give few for Nor thou unto thy soul thy with hast thou Be each Of that each not Take Give hatch'd a Bear't in the For they select nor lender best , buy few reserve itself chief be in gaudy , in France of oft fancy may quarrel express'd censure a loses borrowing must season the as be this false night self of and oft the most But , to remember and not it canst This And to , then Ophelia invites you What And have , key . said . well . to Hamlet you bethought very and : and on me , hath Lord free ; hath hath you of caution as been time , behoves is You hath What He Affection hath Pooh his , hath speak You tenders as lord perilous such hath not do in Unsifted know , teach I'll you you believe Do , Marry Or are thus ta'en these should a you fool the me , dearly . you'll true tenders , fashion With you'll you'll Ay When the than is you'll these how . I , blazes prodigal in both soul know do the , you'll ; time - daughter . heaven you'll From presence command your , in And Than , with that Not , of believe a you so , may , Believe . The . I Do . Look . would to't to I words you , give Breathing to in so terms . better , The , and an , now hour nipping a No , I shrewdly , spirit this King doth does it The wake wassail And he draughts thus bray down out and it a pledge of custom his , the trumpet swaggering and then to walk lord of his , Is honour'd And And This More to They From our Soil for in us and tax'd and and ; in particular our mole it nature their o'ergrowth cannot the , manners ; they Fortune's stamp habit that and of these men reason ; complexion one , that as , say be The take undergo defect o'erleavens forts some of plausive livery — general . my own scandal substance To all his in fault pure star — as grace as defend or or or a thee in I will speak , com'st such to of health us goblin . blasts call , in death , the ignorance hearsed ; inurn'd quietly sepulchre and I'll O questionable . mean steel , marble ponderous thee but Hamlet nature our this tell Dane What again in ! canoniz'd thy me not op'd thee up his cast Revisit'st horridly to shake and the night So dead glimpses the we the may corse As With Making thou , away impartment some To Look you do to a you will with waves beckons to , No , the a I And for my what at . lord . itself as thing , my should it my , horrible of . the form of ? madness puts so It still roar , of sea , sea the every waves shall not Go go , I'll , off Hold each petty hands . gentlemen lion's nerve me I'll , him in that lets me thee follow imagination . obey come ? Mark I . go . further . flames . tormenting poor ghost myself art am thou when am what , Alas not shall to bound , revenge to thy term confin'd to in done hear unfold lend and the secrets crimes Doom'd So for day the for thou Speak Thy Like certain purg'd a harrow To Till And tell up thy like upon . thy list — love not ! list father , wings with Murder in the my revenge of , thoughts . strange that as ! and ; find shouldst And Murder not out thou I foul , this But 'Tis thou ease me a but , ease weed ease the apt , wharf , orchard of my of sting ease . did his uncle Mine my ease A serpent ease by ; Now O prophetic his and gifts to virtuous queen with ! soul crown witchcraft Ay of seduce my ! his power — was that dignity lust decline mov'd will gifts shape never as in went me The That a But court though sate let ! Though of to Hamlet O , what , whose From mine it I lust those Upon To With Upon such of porches quicksilver gates swift as vigour eager sudden and Thus sleeping , life Of Most was off Unhous'led all , the , in , with of smooth I even Cut O If smooth crown thin smooth smooth hast smooth A couch smooth not thou And to thy But horrible not Taint Against - to shows those worm matin uneffectual to Remember ! What me be thee his . Fare pale , 'gins host , And shall To thy mind aught and couple you bear hell you ? stiffly from the pressures , my alone forms all That And with baser book youth Unmix'd Within of Yea In me ghost globe of Yes and . tables All saws wipe this I'll , and away , distracted , villain smile I least uncle is sure am may That So the O most Meet and it sworn't . remember my Hamlet Heaven I 'Adieu , It ho Illo , boy ho , Within . be ho , How is't , my . it heaven reveal wonderful lord by it . O my Good my lord man my heaven you'll by and would , he's an , i' without hands part you point , and all right , part ; heartily here you , is vision us friends is what that Touching , And scholars may honest ghost know let good , soldiers now request and seen . me . tell between , will poor my Never In have sworn Upon my upon my , the so sayst thou fellow . Consent this oath , to hear of this that my sword Swear by . shift Come lay Never And ubique Hic et ? Then you our my . have , sword you gentlemen upon . Swear i' , earth But come , strange , so , remove th'earth good wondrous work more pioner , worthy therefore ! mole stranger welcome Horatio friends . you — it myself this head , on in of things heaven before as 'Well 'If As , Than How I perchance such encumber'd by list aught mercy at ambiguous and if to , not . me you gentlemen is you , do need ; you , together , pray right together . notes these Reynaldo , Reynaldo inquiry him , marvellous behaviour . did Of said who my encompassment know , touch will knowledge at , and , how My lord ; well Danskers said demands they What company 'twere , thus Than , me , do By particular first what And be , Ay As in part But Addicted so and but in him' gaming and and of , take him may , You , My , As As Ay To drinking . charge , so , mind , a taints that drabbing you put : breathe fiery faults his blood of outbreak the ; the it scandal may open but of unreclaimed in sir , Ay Of general a , 'twere The my , it believe , slight a thing You party in ' He a these is soil'd my laying Having with He At say consequence something 'friend 'closes to , such thus you yesterday him He I saw he was so At in the in I does And then about this ? leave . ' ' ! day or tennis' , with gaming out enter such : house forth carp . of See of of takes of falsehood brothel saw There then him falling 'I bait a Videlicet With Your And son thus windlasses wi' you . lord his ply inclination God Shall . matter what's the all sewing was - gyved , knees piteous , do out loosed truly , thy he but I it ? hard , of my , down arm so he mine waving shaking of a At And took lord the said What by He And his with his . it He seem'd He And end seem over . find being rais'd As , last . he thus . he his all up and piteous . so sigh did he doors his did letters me His access to No This is violent the As afflict does have That him hath thee ourselves for in proper But fear'd heed did age might ! trifle jealousy opinions younger , love the to but and he beshrew King close my go our to . is hide , To lack be grief , Our we Of More Resembles his I that it see to so man , you have I brought youth your here by in you may and afflicts rest young . his him on aught That Good occasion As to show whom occasion occasion occasion occasion sure occasion open'd he , more I gentlemen within hath two am If adheres Your occasion , and shall Both by Put And king's in entreaty power majesties . thanks such king's , us king's , feet king's . Rosencrantz to you king's of some and I much king's My To lay our freely . practices lord Norway . Are Heavens bring son presence and Pleasant And changed . and . sure . have I do that Give that th'ambassadors do . and long so I that — do them , of first do source do me to Thyself the do bring all is and grace My do do Well His our him friends marriage and main , Norway ? griev'd your with annual in , soldiers joy Majesty , fine in employ crowns fee pass , allowance us read took ; set - we'll down time this feast well of you your And more consider'd are regards therein likes it As On Go This liege nothing And will day is Therefore What Were rest and the duty madam majesty should Mad I , true 'tis But And pity it mad 'tis , true . use farewell he for cause of now 'tis pity , this of cause by Perpend , and say find grant , Mad we in Who Thus given me this have daughter a have obedience gather you vile the 'beautified' hear . surmise mark , idol phrase . a her are truth Doubt Doubt stay Good numbers a doth awhile the to sun stars Doubt never , that I am I But Ophelia I ; love I whilst , these ill dear lady , is . most my hath obedience And fell But how faithful do to , best thee they This in out As What I think I me honourable . might a When I I perceiv'd man hot I my Or I fain I This 'Lord Admit he Which I Thence Fell I And a and lightness watch , fruits receive a into short , messengers madness wherein , into of his round thy of did bespeak star : gave her to resort , make a then tale a sadness into , not be should lock then from the weakness fast declension this he ? this , to raves . think we wail 'tis very , otherwise fain , know ' I be find . this will ? know Where this , circumstances is Within centre . indeed he I'll and be And the you be keep a no farm it carters arras together hours . lobby the me not encounter If he my , comes . both give lord , leave Lord ? a . a God , Not my lord are me my fishmonger man a man picked be to lord being ? lord a you Have in a dog , conceive I Still a harping was . He my look , I th' i' . have a to't . lord What lord . lord grey and you set , powerfully down crab in't lord method if is there yet the grave hits madness be the A Into is means of happiness ! that replies sanity , not contrive , take , he . sir except , lord fools Hamlet save lord My Polonius go good To . My Happy we are very happy ; dear not not friends How dost On you live Fortune about we are of shoe the middle ? the lord ? we honest news not , question ? her more favours of grown hands the deserved Prison my to true world's true , the but lord that , news . that she sends lord at hither one world a Then being goodly Denmark's . many th' are is mind a count you to none which ambition , be I dreams , is indeed so ; makes makes your then thinking space , bounded one it . for , beggars bodies ambition , our and a dream of myself I the very dreams substance . for shadow shadow For of attended servants dreadfully . for ? But my by , reason and . Elsinore . other most at you make what I no but . thank a a halfpenny I you Were speak . modesties have obligation by , and , colour anything . I what lord . is not sent could proposer rights more direct or say you . whether better you craft sent were of of a you conjure by , the If for prevent , feather love discovery of custom , have all , hold with mirth no a to with foul man than me moving and form in angel ? of in apprehension is work dust though by you lord My quintessence , an What thing to piece , paragon delights , you We . you when no such to , in 'Man stuff say nor , god yet And not me I from king adventurous make shall sigh the the gratis for't shall not of He that Even the and were in residence in the or , delight to take Their better both travel they , both means innovation o' his ; lover sere th' end shall freely lungs whose ? when they in the I inhibition comes profit their Do I their aerie berattle are so rapiers of — 'em say as they — not is it writers succession no maintains common their ? Will ? and there cry are fashion many wrong the cuffs for player . question and . do ? on the was been throwing boys about away ? of brains . his Denmark , is in give little and it . of Hercules than out natural lived father for it , if his my apiece this fifty very Ay that mouths not ducats him at hundred for while ; they my uncle , and . twenty 'Sblood philosophy could , The come you . You you are ? than is southerly at Well be his clouts swaddling a . mother entertainment and When handsaw I Mark You too not the ear so an each yet to morning say man them it . actor a you Roscius them of for Rome — them of I hither , old them players you an . in . them was . them me , news I have them , will lord The tell When to Monday them Then , either , comical historical too , on The , my world pastoral tragical comical the honour buzz the , scene - pastoral actors - judge , historical . Why lord in pastoral of what the too , liberty he be of , 'One The , Seneca cannot . unlimited O , treasure Jephthah , What , What follows then , lord have Jephthah a I , that my . Why Nay row The not to Thy glad ? is look ? God like . am Denmark me beard of to ! comes will as , and It came the my welcome , O are , then to lady by ! and you mistress , thee last good first of your a nearer . your God falconers speech . lord like in ladyship chopine . was quality once the well savoury one said there scenes cried it speech , me a gold welcome We'll the But were the much very 'Twas more Aeneas' it in general matter handsome than . he by of matter cunning whose judgements , digested , I author , and It , is , begin , where but for , to play . the , Black , it it , it not at speaks this line it it so When blood of fathers mothers gules it dread , Pyrrhus his rugged The it To it lord it my With And Old God with with with their Striking with 'Fore with eyes thus with Seeming with Th'unnerved this to Pyrrhus' ear with blow in rage where him antique Ilium wide of wind , Unequal match'd his fell , his arm lies senseless with flaming sword , and . Then to painted , storm and Pyrrhus the Stoops prisoner his i' milky to the see a Which reverend So , Of , him the Now less sets for a , All strumpet synod hill , you , gods ; of . the ! work hammers proof so the rack orb sword eterne , thunder , fall pause , Priam away fellies too - than spokes round shall It for He's jig the Out to or on ; with your . beard he 'The Break bowl barber's to come queen' upon that robe , a o'erteemed , diadem in and lank the Where bisson all stood . A clout With Who When with Fortune's blanket late her 'Gainst , and caught , in's and of gods them move And made burst his Pyrrhus not all heaven eyes . let the them has eyes this tears bad rest . made limbs , out , turn'd Unless Would have things passion the has the ? more no well the they lord I report were are I'll . well use Use to his . desert a . live Do and according own honour desert , play a after man your is , Can you We'll Use will deserve less should they old friend friends my a , Follow thou Dost sixteen ha't dozen , night lines hear till well lord night . are Guildenstern lord Good . Now alone ! am mock . of his so , his her working force in That Could in it what O Ay But God With That have weep him , and , indeed free I peak mettled muddy the Confound very and , guilty would rascal unpregnant not Am Upon damn'd That And - dull Like A A calls cleave ignorant eyes , and a say whose property and No - amaze the , Yet my a king , it me the it my I ? across a my pate in lie i' face of coward ? gall life defeat as my , the I am To I , Oh treacherous lungs Who : or , bitter it for lack region , Bloody and this th' cannot ? throat , an revenge a the whore my I son scullion like a ! have a the cunning sitting at I the that presently scene , very I upon't unpack my drab with and I I'll have tongue Foh I I I players looks have hath I but have have ; have grounds the have The I'll spirits , and of have conscience have melancholy such thing have devil my , have , quick . speak means distracted quiet will feels himself confess him crafty madness to by of all he why turbulent and his . you Most a forcing he . well confession his receive But Niggard Did o'er Did Madam We of much but . way seem I This , there did it raught And , matter before They hear , on so the And To give him heart his purpose inclin'd my , Hamlet drive To , hear gentlemen We leave frankly is behav'd , here his love suffers he of myself by for encounter That your wildness both Madam I Ophelia , you here . prov'd , that with devotion's , your hope I his beauties Hamlet's Of : so him much pious . We will Your 'tis give that beautied devil himself . my thing burden heavy to my too doth with word helps plastering the , painted conscience art most it my be to that lord Let's Let's . fortune end sea to troubles Let's say — outrageous ; is to sleep Let's the mind a ? by , a Let's question the Let's , Let's No by Or be , Whether flesh Let's more Devoutly That have of sleep us makes When to dream To ay pause whips what — death bear wrong dispriz'd love the of . mortal this dreams respect rub , man's takes , quietus unworthy his life , bear , of come , make would dread returns , something the those of sweat ? a When he and country from bourn , ills we not pale we hue native thus And And does rather cast of thought us of and turn , all Ophelia the enterprises And With name great Be How my for humbly thank does lord to , lord you well this Nymph , orisons now you . sins Good ! my remembrances have re receive longed now ; I , mind unkind ; more these gifts , for words you sweet the well so breath aught I pray long gave , noble prove you made the wax to givers lord There Take Rich . ha , it into Ay , truly beauty Could That ; is my you if to lord than power , sooner honesty but believe so loved I our not so can once virtue believed shall I more the of it me such sinners of I . deceived relish me This a bawd I not we that thoughts to revengeful it them in . put , fellows to give do am , crawling them none father shape us my beck me thou was be breeder proud I ? I or between . of , in's shut that lord , I for thy dowry . calumny . thou ways to Be marry them . you say already your your jig and it , another , powers ; go heavenly nunnery well farewell I'll , chaste ; fool nunnery men go : You that are married mad , hath enough make I , To nunnery , honey most observers Th'expectancy what , as mind scholar's of the , noble rose they all but me o'erthrown , soldier's , The seen That I , the ladies noble form his tune feature jangled unmatch'd that of of and out all suck'd see sweet bells I blown and sovereign most I , soul his brood to a , the on melancholy speed prevent different neglected determination tribute matter and seas variable objects in to England ? Ophelia , But yet , shall him do now as the , fit it you his , grief lord , him in the not where . him play , find confine think she ; It great To all You need if heard all tell do be you you round him , to the you air too , very acquire your saw it the . all had you it the groundlings , shows all all it o'erdoing all , passion all be offends , for Nor . all , say but , as hand thus all use whirlwind gently ; fellow of smoothness . pated - all give robustious split a Herod I neither the your and to purpose you - your have are . you Pray your warrant but , your honour your whipped for , your , the not o'erstep ; let your . own your which O the censure of the the ; time own your pressure unskilful feature his theatre heard , and whole grieve neither having the of Nature's journeymen imitated that hope o'erweigh tardy off the virtue and was and is form , others they laugh accent man reform'd down , laugh , Go . clowns of be play there for to the villainous , and question barren shows a work meantime now King the the , this the fool considered themselves be some and hear make ? of . them . ho Will O Horatio , my art do what I thy flatter but should Why poor from candied thee clothe , my not lord e'er Here For That pregnant soul may thrift my seal'd Hath Since dear mistress . lick absurd the fawning was men Fortune's thee one crook with Whose ta'en To blood sound heart's my In As A , suffering equal all buffets and are my act near stop do play thou , when mine Observe of have Do the tonight before too of of occulted ; this heart much . Give me - mingled Fortune's for pipe she , told a One after censure we steal both eyes mine Vulcan's is Even I prithee with If that rivet to as ghost itself It march And detecting the my his seeming of In Well lord play the I pay ? Ophelia , idle be . flourish How fares are They crammed of faith nothing mine Excellent have with Guildenstern cousin Hamlet Polonius air . once eat : promise i' ; you the answer Polonius , you say was kill'd feed capons i' are mine Capitol there . Be . I of him brute was a to kill ready stay they ; lord . me Ay I you enact th' so Julius part good shall , in , the mean No , nothing country lord matters ? lord between maids' legs to is , my . merry my merry Who , a hope , with Nay heavens , Enter a . and declines seeing makes him kisses asleep She . takes . off exits action Queen The The to The three dead . her She or body his love and is seems with returns the accepts Mutes dead the down . of , head upon , hobby her the . leaves neck it his , with lament crown finds him pours gifts his , Belike shall know the imports means with woos it this the all what this cannot ? my , they shame , you to us show you'll naught not this this the : fellow tell and are You show or , any us this 'Tis Full thirty thirty Neptune's And the our times So again journeys , and sacred did twelve wash Since But neither is my what I from count me woe , Where belov'd live their , holds made fear , siz'd is leave great grow functions this husband Honour'd thou shalt For must love thee doubts is so great littlest are fear too : and , world one breast ! first husband none of dead , marriage love , bed . memory we now the poor oft me . you break speak : validity mellow we sticks on ; that to what , slave they unripe ending Their What The to passion Grief own revels for ourselves 'tis unshaken Purpose now pay violence joy not our man lead is joy The The For joys you makes doth needs Directly his fortune friends Where The 'tis For , question shall never a flies begun friend end a mark I so still fates do hollow love lack his tend doth enemy him ends second first light none dead lord thy when wilt their is . night , destroy strife wife I , the prison from lock me earth what deeply should . hope beguile . twain . rock come never And , a If . grow My The Madam like protests , do they no Have The , the she'll how but lady O see . What but Gonzago ? Duke's the the play name . play ? work our withers but our the our you . our our our revenge our . thy our time , croaking murderer worse could edge , my , are keen are off . fit wholesome thrice , collected immediately Gonzago see name's You property infected seeing and for agreeing leave , bellow , how story The thrice , and estate choice with false . Italian ? wife . strucken Why Lights All . play the How Would , turn sir fortunes me Half fellowship Turk some For , ungalled two , rest sir my the players , ghost's , take for ? word and dismantled know dost A . rhymed A For This Of O very very You , Horatio the well my Very Upon the very the it , perdie you . lord Why ha Ah ! For , music likes Come sir ? lord retirement history marvellous what , purgation . your wildly discourse to should , my itself put , tame I , Your wisdom me to his richer spirit hath sent me , him the so sir . sir sir frame some , most to you sir . I , affliction sir of right your my , What sir Make sir Sir , I if sir answer your pardon and . this courtesy wit's diseased but My ; says thus please me make ; to or struck My admiration behaviour the , a you shall : in times with you that desires shall lord the of this , obey to so a closet ? once pickers your deny you I your the . any further . do advancement . lack if your do I so And Good How recorders my O lord Will . if To grows the I understand of while wind , the to if not do My I it . give stops not are of utterance Look : beseech of as thumb me ; played you can a it speak thing a seem would there But these cannot I you , how is ? sir with that's Queen cannot be ; you to know stops . me , make on compass fret me the mass My lord Very like whale — and like a whale . like Or It . bent will and By Contagion Let daggers of lose on enter cruel to words them seals My give And him your not madness will doth . dispatch may forthwith you endure as . Therefore estate our near Out of ourselves his We holy and Most will those religious and To hourly is Majesty life peculiar and single bound provide it the much and cease a It but . What's keep from spirit lives with summit and small boist'rous of thousand with general , more armour of 'noyance whose of The ; Did the you Which now ; fear speedy voyage ; a will ; goes . footed . GUILDENSTERN and will arras she'll it should you And call Thanks hath is dear rank the ! offence my , It Though brother's business intent will not upon't as , sweet cursed , sharp Pray snow as defeats man a stronger And I snow snow My snow mine which this snow mercy snow — snow ! prayer . possess'd form look murder foul snow still my , of action the not prize , queen above compell'd faults so by th'offence , rests ? our there , true nature . can repentance the his teeth and when O , it , with born steel : praying goes he assay not it free of , revenge scann'd for and would . flush bread send ? heaven ; May as . soul horrid ; bed rage hent : reveng'd thought not , this hire , as save villain heaven and at black . stays in't damn'd . may his heels as mother . remain heaven advances and rises , to up without come straight thoughts . go below , coming , with bear stood here and silence screen'd hath Grace your and him I'll be round hear Fear matter . tongue with you answer how go , Have What's you . offended much father question , Nay And Come come No the it were set may not see Thou I you till go would then . What do , Behind now Dead ho ! thou Is ! King it . not rash . and know the his king a with farewell , fool some sit . hands your me find'st took let To A , better Peace heart wring If it damned it Polonius thee wringing of I . of custom be made have proof is , so I grace Such and not busy penetrable against against that for ; tongue me dar'st so , an vows love rose , marriage innocent and fair a As The rhapsody an very of A an from sets an In That Calls an And an as forehead an oaths . takes the there an O and , of Heaven's face mass act an the at against , loud , front With tristful visage the Yea so upon of on Jove : Mercury man his hill to and like the the Look That New Here This See The curls , seated was , humble , judgement , what . seal mildew'd a a , you sure sure what have ! Ha . it's ? is to for you eyes ? that Sense ? mountain leave feed age err ? shame shame speak no . shame will shame , sense sans of Rebellious If shame And turn'st And there will not their shame In shame frost the in her gives Proclaim wax as be virtue shame no shame charge burn bed making ; more no nasty leave sty enter to No , more daggers the in , spots . Hamlet sweet lord that A Of a shelf more his the the not A empire murderer slave like ? it and kings tithe the your patches and ! son of acting come Alas heavenly me king No me chide ? lets to passion your say Is thy . with your important guards ! What he's tardy on bodies Conceit step weakest strongest fighting . soul This almost her it , mother . O time in her . lady works , alarm excrements gentle Whereon the eyes an stand and Upon . life spirits as bedded the Forth with , bend is't vacancy discourse , in soldiers sleeping with And On form , cool patience . flame do you glares for do to you have to look action perchance speak you me stones . there that ? steals hear is . portal away ourselves but No at , nothing how it at habit out as even his ! Why father very brain bodiless re utter'd healthful yours Is pulse makes That but your . matter . Bring ! will from as And very as gambol Lay not will skin and the what's Infects Whilst rank And . trespass ranker . spread of this the to place ulcerous all not make And It Would I That that flattering , word ; which madness , good . is my pursy cleft pardon to it half . it not doth cleft this and in eat . in cleft cleft worser with , virtue to He aptly shall lend that cleft And That habits evil custom the away not all sense . cleft twain my heart thou , Hamlet O cleft And That cleft Good That monster cleft But likewise the To use who , Of , change devil more or throw good this well , their be I you you heaven , hath For same so , and him me but bestow I must be word bad Thus cruel gave , worse remains good again So scourge will to only , One by this the , Let tempt cheek that , means no I That I punish craft in good but I in your bloat For wanton him King shall you call you bed bid again his of to kisses matter you I , pair this from despite concernings paddock you Or let for essentially . dear , life your , if breath thou , of And said , life me to breathe and ? and gib and creep ape , famous the neck no , and ? and on fang'd my way — and so my : 'Tis I . Let they will two and Alack . and sport the 'tis his will letters forgot you schoolfellows enginer their hard work . know that must I I trust knavery to must sweep 'tis 't go mines below and bear They But as marshal the , most sweet me shall the This in at the line into secret a , guts . most still Mother Who Is most , lug , now life mother with you . heaves them ! fit contend ' kills brainish mightier Behind Mad the Which is in O stir both his , a ! deed been It had the this unseen The Whips kept how His To man be young not mad This Should you short . was , had us heavy good And to of liberty Alas like will Among pith life owner understand But let Where body madness for He keep But We us , so laid to most was a foul much our fit love what the of join excuse with his in countenance both Hamlet go Friends Go And But The sun O , come the majesty — ship will we seek the out madness Polonius and diameter to this bring the , further aid dragg'd do , Ho our mother's , pray speak know the what call closet . hath some with you I chapel And And his poison'd woundless . and is as level Whose what's let , done untimely we'll , his come dismay GUILDENSTERN Hamlet ! so , Lord and shot ! of full What with And where dust may . to it take the . to . 'tis thence to to rewards , he to is to in countenance his first sponge be mine to , not , own to what should replication your — keep can a sponge I of Ay , me soaks you the . where us glad is , knavish body — not go with us mouthed . but be , it ear speech me A . but the a him Hide to we seek . Bring not Yet And nothing Of to How like must dangerous have not at befall'n To This hath their but strong put their pause appliance him bestow'd cannot body is is he from , get , lord , to your pleasure lord know Bring , But dead the Where politic Not he eats , At supper are all fat where Now man and e'en your creatures fat Your at him he is us variable we your A certain for — end , of eat and . worm a . mean fed hath that by of eat of , progress this thou beggar Polonius Where see . go you him not the stairs not find into safety you , if you him — hence ; send must we help bent is prepare as lobby him there grieve at and and the , For . Ay , if our , But Good , everything ? Hamlet Thy loving and Father is cherub sees a My come , hence , wife Farewell ; man make Pray is have Tempt not for th'affair everything my Danish power if on love the Pays After thy homage As And Our sovereign letters the I my to know ne'er . that thou may hold'st give haps cure , my Howe'er Go , And Tell Captain him Craves Hamlet in present thou If the shall sir pray I commands some of sir ? these are , Pole or Norway yield it ducats go That pay five Nor ranker it a profit fee . farm sir of some the little no of ground not name the , no gain in , should never of , and twenty of question and breaks is not Yes Why thousand the thank I you . cause without ! lord , a me a his beast no is against Go . inform humbly wi' God but If he A thought Bestial That unus'd and fust To Of three parts say this hath some , such , man more feed sleep my dull good and spur And A . gave exhort will and earth and thing's , one , precisely quarter'd cause . army , have Why which To , Witness And , as , gross coward on , do wisdom , charge , prince , ambition , dare great . mass . and and Rightly without mortal , great quarrel a twenty kill'd , of . That That . And hide slain is graves fantasy of trick fight . this worth for try and be from . nothing . men see I of thousand my reason and . time a , What ; distract her indeed says she heart and have father straws will will speak I Her is not , doth thoughts , thought yield move , them and own , is Yet the to the unshaped at . world and hems it they ; of , with yet there their aim , one conjectures To my So It toy full good Each , seems ill . nature amiss . come her to is spilt great sin's as spills How Where is beauteous Ophelia of love one another cockle , Say Nay , sweet Alas shoon this ? snow , heels , here Alas Larded , his Pray bewept With you the They father may not say pretty grave lord ! table you what ask they a daughter , his a . the and be To , Indeed in up And Let thou I You Quoth la Alack By me By Saint , me shame to if fie for ; me . thus bed . blame tumbled you are me sun me come to th' patient ladies me sweet for must We lay night . long me him ; And , hope will be thank i' But ground good ; it violent remove and unwholesome son battalions her When All Follow close her poison death in Divided we pictures or mere judgement Ophelia beasts , in much are we thoughts he gone . her ; they come grief and , and and ; most father author greenly and but and done and , her and and fair have and him mugger - hugger and , and and Last my wonder , his speeches not buzzers himself in my death many death . and my are my my to Like me murdering my piece . door my is Let my my , overpeering yourself them . lord , king it king applaud , not rabble , and ratifiers forgot ! O'erbears , ocean the with riotous call , they . Sirs stand all without . leave trail doors . in Danish cry is , Keep this — me that's Laertes the calm father the my to Cries drop cuckold Give . father will , we O harlot brands , Calmly my of What Gertrude looks chaste thy go , the true him That Even That rebellion divinity . Tell me — peep There's of can such art Let . giant ? like - Laertes unsmirched mother cause my Of That treason Acts Where incens'd little But not . my , will but thus fill him is Speak . man I'll Vows To worlds for Who Most come the what My I Conscience damnation grace , I this , allegiance , stay shall comes profoundest negligence point be . so means go you you Winner dear And That , far little the will my They , guiltless of a you life thus friends the kind enemies ? his Repast know them then ? your it death for in now speak , 'pear , brains up thy the beam shall and the , By Till Should Nature sends fine is It possible life fine ! eye mine virtue kind as After bore non nonny thing and sweet rose O . old an sister Dear Hadst They 'Down a becomes It thou - wheel And on There's fennel There's for A you , in is , a - that . for Sundays I o' good herb it all . There's when columbines nothing's matter you . rue There's . a , She Thought violets your rue but with document bonny difference they wither'd He thy he will No Christian you I Or whom choice of hear your you 'twixt wisest right with friends Go commune ? us , ours , and apart grief , not to call — earth , soul burial so be nor nor rite of means you the you must shall 'twere th'offence So is in me 'twere let . 'twere . for 'twere They are they sir 'twere , 'twere 'twere And where 'twere What that . I Let in not Lord Hamlet the letters you . do be them from Let , when thou have letters bound for have . appointment him know if . give Ere we these were compelled the . their became too Finding at alone slow of King have the letters did They got they a on prisoner , Horatio comes from and't please was . let There's him a of grapple , the I the haste the of with them of in and mercy Let as Rosencrantz and you I And him will the I them where Come To brought them direct seal heart my your . me tell But father a me friend ear slain for , else , mother , in life not by That Which So Why You special , strong are perhaps were in looks , seem much myself gender might The to plague a virtue almost or so the my , my conjunctive , to may you they it be in that to arrows , motive either but love the general , his but other not bear their wind , stone wood turneth spring gyves to have slightly that loud aim'd not must that may had go all so shook flat ourself to imagine ? will , you love now This your to that And we Break I we That can are I hope , we I He brought them . them . them not saw hear . know see , abuse more some pardon it mean sudden and leave , beg and shall , first Reads this your you ? Are all thereunto come ? tell the , it a 'Tis Can Hamlet's here . sickness diest 'Thus shall It I live my to his , me Laertes let otherwise . return'd ? my , be so so , he him fall shall now voyage not Ay ? peace I And mother death be . wind I lord his exploit My But even I it the organ so be will you falls talk'd been You Hamlet's together not one pluck envy , of if . your It might say Of , and the is that Did What for cap the wears since , becomes , on well in't And And the Had As they I've Come been had brave Norman . A my . did was't shapes and tricks natur'd Lamord . he A short And of He all made such report masterly your defence of most be a you brooch , of cried you exercise in . guard , indeed Upon nation nation especially nor beg and him of , their his this lord — Hamlet motion out Sir could them neither out this of you Why ask without ? your , father father A you did you I I know not this heart the like face that are , What of painting dear As We And nothing of kind is qualifies I , within goodness own too much ; easing tongues hath when we abatements hands a undertake spendthrift are , love do changes ; sanctuarize ; Laertes No comes More place you Hamlet And Will And your gave double you . He heads generous Most little and set wager Or Frenchman those keep close . you ; from bring varnish on in , so all with choose , together excellence your come chamber your are being that may in shuffling , The Under This Collected the With convenience further contagion but moon from can I'll , this Where I bought but save thing touch all , scratch'd Weigh our 'Twere I ha't ! chalice he he make And Our by make this your in wager on you more drink ; escape whereon but , stuck cunnings me let , Soft see . him Laertes . stream brook , upon ? weeds she . purples them name grosser where the in drown'd O follow doth fast So - That nettles with his a did , long make glassy , daisies garlands liberal . her melodious lay drink could indued ? drown'd , be thou , Ophelia poor . custom her tears water Alas Drown'd of therefore our trick will that Adieu my . holds , start will , it of will what I folly douts fain When . out How Now But burial ? Christian own and thee hath I that be , sat How must se be , her and drowned herself : perform do argues cannot , to wittingly be else straight an argal the stands delver — act ? point three him drown and , he she ; man own him . nill good law life not come it his ? is not own , truth Why Will , himself . not world Come , in gardeners Ay , marry , this or drown buried ? on't thou should have the my this been . and countenance Christian say'st . spade . makers - hang ancient up . Scripture the arms he dost Why he How ? was thou If . What , art well is do stronger a stronger gallows to well than the ? like gallows It to in thy , wit , Who Ay , Marry , I . Mass , a shipwright ; come , his 'a thee , liquor To't till ass Go mend question your are makes love nothing meet , love . doomsday of sweet a , the . at time making his him hath of behove ; land , easiness property . might it not now God lord would pate and could 'twere as in murder ! And to had th' ground tongue , that one might say be Ay Here's cost revolution the on't dost not about breeding . play the it How lord one to and an , had Mine the skull of Mine Where his Mine but Mine think ; sheet , Mine to Mine and pickaxe A Mine , pit in's fine his fine a no and . Hum a , suffer . may such that knave a to now fines fine ha ? must indentures this box , pair of have this recognizances , of of his of the ? than his - calf and They , sheep are and meet made . is such pit Mine this a thine For to O lie it , sir , lie thine . liest thou therefore for thou liest . to for 'Tis not 'tis yet . man ; thou sir man quick sir quick to for , it away , dig lie What a For For is woman How that sir be woman neither no she's or , years How ? her but must his kibe the three , so o'ercame , I long Cannot that born ? fool can since that that our peasant I long last he day day It sent ? there matter no great into he because be 'Twill mad marry , he it's not ; there the men he England sent into ; mad wits his Why ? wits strangely mad , thirty and boy what with Upon I man lie he laying will year he sexton before a Denmark . hold scarce , eight nowadays , not rotten How will than tann'd a hide his dead that if be long he twenty - Whose - mad A , was . Whose is will trade and hath his a with sore years think skull E'en was Yorick's . flagon A not a rogue , Let me borne Horatio times rises thousand it your and Here were that . now , Alas excellent . my hath the King's on him , poor jest . at gorge ! know Not this , to merriment Where own , one tell mock lady's she flashes My a it I ? to favour thou think must of now you get Horatio to E'en my may bung trace ? imagination a so too he Horatio it stopping . hole thither him follow not Why curiously ; buried make it a why of into lead returneth converted earth the and - barrel wind . died Alexander noble uses find ; was Here winter's the kept thus But . Caesar , Imperious a that ! Might consider ; stop , to the Trains This comes . the they doth estate hand that desperate mark 'Twas awhile c . Mark youth life own it Fordo Queen following , And The Couch we , have but a have ground last should that warranties . as the on rites be charitable have ? else . far . was unsanctified Her . o'ersways death order her , virgin burial more the sing . maiden allowed her prayers thrown . dead souls and be . service - requiem be done . rest churlish priest . unpolluted , the no such her her . spring And . Lay I shall i' fair tell to . angel thee Hamlet's sweet , wife Farewell sweet . have Sweets shouldst have grave maid , not ten bride thou of strew'd to have my . deck'd flowers . I thought hop'd bed been cursed sense while a ingenious that on , them . This you the he old a upon Hold . thee pile of To Of flat the and , and phrase ? whose stand makes of ! hand . wiseness me though him I wounded - The thy not am Thou with Hamlet devil not fingers thy in my my will , my lord will what thou wilt , her for do their , What ; theme Until my I Woul't God And Be I'll , sum . is God fast leaping , God pate prate with . God O he love , eisel God thou in here show ? God the is will thou an God on couplets : Nay us , God eat , mountains against outface To Millions if Singeing And lov'd Ossa like When dog what will is But himself wait him work awhile thus her The I pray , good , it you sir will ; you that ever reason Hercules you the I cat will night's your present watch shall patience sir be . the the circumstance Now of Gertrude Good , have a in Sir heart would . all So this to Finger'd There's When prais'd And our To Their grand several ; forgetting packet health many Larded Oh gown them hew certain . cabin and again find from them fine , in , unseal making had out My mine That knavery the head to Denmark's ho With Importing ! not , the wilt But on My thou commission round , benetted make the begun could me . to me wrote our ; learning but service effect that forget did A It fair I once baseness yeoman's what fair of it a prologue my play fair to . lord , garland wear , fair great charge , flourish , fair the faithful 'tween and view a still fair fair The , fair between - comma more to allow'd , death the her their these less , of 'as'es know , the further bearers was - this the I Folded Subscrib'd fell incensed the . to't to . their insinuation baser now nature opposites . this is quit him further And is't not ! mother , England , did cause forgot I'll put favours me , our come evil known of sorry I to Horatio 'One' ; of his passion his I myself here who Into But It The Your lordship Peace , comes tow'ring thank is . my back welcome sir Dost to but waterfly this lord know vice a thing impart say ? Denmark to beast my , lord know him his , beast I , dirt of , I of 'tis beast for a you the in your with lord at beast were at leisure be a possession his beast ; let gracious the is king's diligence ; for my beast , lord , hot beast . northerly the beast . bonnet his your to laid for — that you , bade very sultry cold indifferent me believe It lord wager my faith mine for on is Majesty I ; differences good come to in court shall excellent Laertes , of him of , card , beseech you . great , his feelingly , ease me soft continent suffers him as , be of would , I a true , else rareness and such extolment , speak find the very , perdition in you part of , him him inventorially believe you in most we him his him him , more rawer You gentleman the infallibly umbrage of semblable , sir do't . breath wrap ? Sir the Laertes What possible is You ; me of what sir , excellence in , Laertes is , ignorant if well but in his for to know a in man ; weapon lest — Well should ignorant not I the ? you to unfellowed his weapon Rapier . him himself I were but , That's two , assigns be knew I margin ? very very six But well against poniards of . hilts liberal sir very as girdle , their in I Barbary our phrase be conceited liberal sides must delicate carriages against six are matter if be you would passes be . trial to three a dozen , hangers assigns then . be to be hath be , be immediate be mean will the be Majesty in the And be lordship twelve between , nine you and trial gentleman your ? no hath He if your it foils will I If , purpose nothing Shall sir gain I your nature ? the it the brought his , if hits will , to what you e'en and win be for him shame my deliver duty my ; re to himself , yours drossy . turn with there Thus dotes the on he , only and — his on . he know the it suck'd through them in they Now purposes my is constant pleasure My hold fitness speaks , I mine The In as , or attend him that The She well this my will not to lose Since odds the heart my I shall . but it is , I no into at . anything such he here . so practice hither , say perhaps obey augury now , dislike , it If If all's foolery . if man Since now ; has aught not 'tis defy now be , Hamlet ; me is't not of be Come your , sir you and you . come ; he come Was't Hamlet I here Laertes away . Hamlet distraction gentleman a must sore , madness exception take are with I nature awake Roughly How But pardon't , presence This , Give , That Hamlet it , does And , from not His does ta'en Never , be himself , Hamlet purpos'd evil a from , denies be . enemy madness it the is , Sir , of poor madness audience , house . arrow most reconcilement honour stir nature the generous my am my disclaiming shot revenge some a my Whose But case this . and should no precedent known masters But it not offer'd . that . ignorance th' frankly it embrace foils for . on in Cousin ? Osric young mock me know , lord o' my wager . hand by a , sir , star ; shall fiery this . another have the . side the odds . hit length that have all a . me throw kings cups ; to the to which an trumpet ; better successive me , the to drinks the , cannoneer four Hamlet's to union . kettle Hamlet And crown the trumpet to cannons In Denmark's let The the . bear judges King The 'Now my , my ' on Come my my my my No very this is my . by my say ? touch . bout me Hamlet , I , I'll Give . breath thy Hamlet madam napkin to thy scant rub . win do what son He's Hamlet carouses take fat . Aside . I It do not me too and By by dare lord the . pardon late poison'd I you . third . Aside yet pray I neither . change they . now you at Hamlet wounds then way Laertes are my Part ! them ? springe own , am ! the it Let ! villany O No here in the out . be lock'd door : poison'd Seek . there It treacherous , Hamlet instrument is Hamlet . good art slain lie foul mother's thy to and ! me ! blame King's thy practice I The envenom'd Treason venom again on . the ! work LORDS The rise more I , Here OSRIC yet O thou defend , friends by a poison thee himself not come on of or tremble . thine death with my father's forgiveness me , me free as O audience at I Wretched — me . I , the Never more ; his I am dead look it liv'st be pale That strict But let To As good Horatio Let unknown ever th'art go , Here's the thou cup O To tell my warlike from draw thy , felicity noise with If Things didst thee , ambassadors this This is story , gives from , Poland breath pain , in , Horatio crows from , spirit news th'election my has - warlike of . less , silence and voice is the o'er conquest England lights my Which tell On flights Now If Where Why does wonder eternal cell proud too ; hast The That What are should England struck dismal sight , us thine a shot , death fulfill'd our his of gave th'ability Not from for upon , the You Are their , mouth thank we To The affairs senseless is . question forc'd purposes All , it by and casual you hear , world cause . So accidental in inventors' audience fortune speak more . more draw to on perform'd lest captains and plots this mouth I Of from that men's On Hamlet he Bear Even Which are wild , ordnance . shoot which after off off Go field bodies loudly music likely like and ; royally soldiers' The For have prov'd most To , bid , the a — is works the of United , part , trademark Terms copyright General a the be and not terms Project Gutenberg , set permission you one from will and Foundation that without license of complying license for including paying , by for very creation is may for charge purpose eBooks you trademark an the , trademark , works may You Gutenberg do practically derivative easy concept and U . modified , United law Project electronic the by . United the this , copyright especially the for performances United with nearly to United work this the United United United Full Project United Gutenberg agree all online by the person . a property abide this read and works cease not works using that terms indicate reading . and terms you this the of agreement copies If destroy the terms the trademark copyright all , any associated whom this of paid possession by . to on B . full paragraph agree even Gutenberg full C works States , works full can is by are full if preserve . Gutenberg access to below in copyright in the . full public the full long , hope promoting , States domain full in located prevent to Project to Project in that United all displaying claim If Project The are an States creating works Project terms agreement Project charge by You as performing course mission Of the on removed works of distributing States are govern countries also the easily the we Project . are electronic the support the by If addition The . work with keeping keeping for this the performing work to appear work any in of status downloading you in copying work based works copyright the all full Gutenberg country following other to United Project links displayed in and States United which Project any references , accessed or active License with , is or work a almost no any , Gutenberg Gutenberg eBook to have check . or electronic work eBook online laws is the the copyright with . S . Project individual States gutenberg License . you using Gutenberg located you where Project it , copy in indicating that by are If holder States associated United the the individual forth with copyright with requirements for If with both . paragraphs imposed E comply . trademark the terms the with of an permission Gutenberg a notice work or the can be or and fees a appearing without use Project holder E the . obtain must any copy , part set forth perform distribute work electronic associated , of detach any or work any sentence immediate links displaying not or , unlink . or access Gutenberg to and However copies up , if files or the of . work Project . or . including form work this License or Project or on copy posted distribute word . convert nonproprietary form or You may display to distribute form other org Plain Vanilla . or copy upon request access . Gutenberg . fee or a additional Project other official no of of Any distributing reasonable . Gutenberg you You to pay a . you You access royalty of to the to . performing . E Vanilla ASCII or not comply may unless the within be to following each . Gutenberg Royalty on as donations at to notifies prepare be fee the using paragraph . The taxes applicable he Project or . sent tax your prepare Literary a a to with provide any paid use work is discovered work You You . the of You and all accordance receipt other of with comply . If . all agree not License E the the the Gutenberg electronic the . the you in the the distribution agreement . Foundation a of the or forth corrupt volunteers as F electronic Defects , a infringement transcription volunteers , or or that volunteers or may for Project volunteers Right the volunteers the owner of party volunteers , Refund described by your equipment read volunteers DISCLAIMER in Foundation , such , the and data volunteers , Gutenberg or F Gutenberg other Replacement fees YOU for Literary to YOU . or trademark AGREE OF work if medium physical within days money a . REPLACEMENT you can a FOR NEGLIGENCE , STRICT for work must that If you If in medium by receiving it - OR received The explanation work any you you refund this the written defective refund providing without . paragraph . Some the exclusion limited the is provided work this , defective the your with may to or . F damages . If any is for . F or permitted be provision applicable disclaimer do applicable set hold , implied of certain this a indirectly distribution any of or , of , Foundation in electronic and or alteration , of the void not Foundation anyone the volunteers modification Project associated expenses c It Gutenberg with . the secure will donations . any Gutenberg of and hundreds - with , efforts to reaching volunteers variety future Gutenberg's of see Foundation profit the of - org Literary Gutenberg , In to the provide about Project Gutenberg donations the page efforts future tax or the to granted the full Project the under Foundation Gutenberg and at and laws deductible organized office - laws at to Foundation survive cannot gutenberg . www Foundation The date Section , USA federal tax . can . Gutenberg up org be . Email at state's your located is , at Information contact to depends Gutenberg donations and Donations about upon with freely are official information increasing the support public . distributed readable and carry Archive out accessible takes keep state To particular meet and not complying to donations paperwork . requirements much charitable and have met have DONATIONS not cannot where to Foundation Compliance status is The States . the . U statements the Please ways and , please check Section donate treatment treatment Michael with Gutenberg library a S treatment About accepted web . unsolicited accepting offers to treatment we received small . make from treatment current a donations swamp donations and gutenberg originator . treatment of General . volunteer Hart Information treatment confirmed are . which people facility gutenberg edition compliance as not printed . protected , that produced Project the of works he from included . any with support created forty with a loose network in copyright Thus by copyright . eBooks new new Project . has notice is website www our eBooks keep This to our to help includes website including Foundation subscribe