Nay answer me , Stand Stand 'Tis Stand Get thanks sick Stand bitter 'Tis heart . cold Stand . For had you I And Stand this Not , mouse Horatio stirring . make do If The relief much Have , this Dane is . liegemen the Marcellus good . who , has - good Who to . ground . honest Say A is you Barnardo ! reliev'd hath my ? him of Welcome nothing our belief 'tis I , Horatio . tonight . thing Welcome . And has take twice entreated have Therefore , down fortified once us are He Touching this to That What us Well And nights against assail not appear . speak seen our again Sit tush two of the Marcellus star same yond When made The then — part and again comes , it myself one where that t'illume off . of this pole westward course his Where it Last , Horatio . like ; the not it like . Looks that , spoke me scholar Mark to ? King speak Horatio , night of time and heaven Did It is speak away charge thee . tremble ! I In , now Before 'Tis , Without God on't ? pale ! this not and eyes King fantasy think something , my was thou Is like he smote So the Of mine own . had combated thyself in on . thought in But Thus what martial he work our dead ice . Polacks particular twice now In With Why nightly down tell of of , that ; of of he cannon So This Good , sit this why such same bodes gross the foreign the Does night toward labourer from - At Doth What make Who might not , I this inform us pride valiant esteem'd know as is't but even the of divide impress whisper by most to Fortinbras emulate appear'd , can . goes That now our known in our side Which Did Was , prick'd a world a seal'd his those heraldry him lands compact cov'nant same design'd young full unto our strong some is enterprise , of ; which lawless hot and and , other , hand this preparations , head land . figure portentous like e'en but that and watch our be through is the think and our other watch sort it may was Comes Well this so . the the eye . Rome sheeted so no - haste it Did is A The , I'll cross behold where me or though Speak , If thou soft , even and our Have But Or Which , any blast sound speak hast there If if , If speak That may speak speak of Stop speak Marcellus and in , speak ! death speak here ? partisan so violence mockery invulnerable here here here 'Tis here gone , wrong the of cock heard a here , summons fearful that his lofty , then And cock with the here Doth Awake sea Th'extravagant his To in and . confine on It the say faded Wherein Saviour's ever Some bird they nights then present or god crowing 'gainst all of dawning , say takes hallow'd I have So o'er look our watch up in mantle russet nor , him , it . charm it death ? duty morning I loves shall , him find pray our consent As Let's , Where To we , Lords and Attendant kingdom ; woe fought dirge in , joy our warlike a one 'twere with dropping delight marriage , eye as , we with to auspicious funeral scale wife in With Have our one In Your Now state He hath fail'd be to with disjoint dream to Importing With follows wisdoms ; Taken affair , weak supposal you For and with nor better equal along this Colleagued a of young worth frame out late know brother's message : levies scarcely young purpose to , of his this , and and subject proportions that the here ; impotent ourself this of his with for much most for The further the and : this our Lost Who To valiant is we So much , him - Fortinbras have time , dispatch hears all and : full nephew's rid , we you than . our . farewell show heartily nothing , further to old allow haste VOLTEMAND news . duty scope to wouldst What . told us , And lose , heart , will articles duty native the the we ? thy , father ? beg Laertes offer your willingly though whence To Your the not instrumental some shall offer leave and in , and now My From offer my must your duty I offer Dread bend father's your wishes thoughts them offer offer ? to Denmark Laertes lord to lord confess bow my ? done duty What slow . son my and hard says . hang than last my at be kind — thine ; it you ? will consent my seal'd will my , hath fair thy now my hour you I Laertes , leave time at than more , best and cousin spend , it Good Thou let Do Passing know'st Seek for thy father is that all cast I on dust . die particular it be ? in a much too am , my lord , colour friend thy ever eye look nature madam not Nay common good with . grief seem , woe have are the of solemn , I not ; thee mother , visage the passeth might ; play a , seems , cloak of man shows indeed These in , show ; of a the nature term , mind some the survivor unschool'd sorrow his your trappings I But In To lost will know most peevish sense unmanly course , to persevere opposition fault in to to as heaven , to , hath a , the impious heart stubbornness obstinate In A Take death a ; is , simple unfortified what we be , Why A to Is To it heart From Than In As 'This , less And are a of that going is we the father , his your Wittenberg . school to our you bears , obey her : Hamlet not go retrograde bend , loving ourself comfort of to , Wittenberg . come , tell . reply of grace ! itself Come heaven thunder fix'd not had that ; away bruit whereof ! melt dew ! world clouds in unforc'd and gentle No rouse heart solid the grows That Re - slaughter Or this Hyperion Possess canon O Thaw on't ! Oh . of two ! not mother winds so , this loving beteem roughly of and increase Why too dead months But two , seed Fie Seem all the uses an gross nature garden on ! were a earth heaven , in to was the , on remember might . yet Frailty ; a ; not , those — followed she which Niobe My With little month , no more with discourse father's even mine Within hang Heaven and poor , had — woman on't fed if ere tears I Hercules married reason she like a she my , of unrighteous , to . sheets incestuous to it for come ! wicked dexterity brother but . married With It break such . left speed ever ; poor And I'll I am my forget And Sir from . my good make . Good you good glad My you servant you Wittenberg name my change what you that even Wittenberg . Marcellus , ear say . father's you depart so truant . to your are violence your of you affair drink mock to , was , funeral ? in student . Horatio father Where think it the funeral follow'd coldly Did Would had — my lord in bak'd my marriage The furnish forth tables , see king saw his methinks . I a not , my mind's He was was I lord think look ; he eye My , admiration the Season With Upon This God's had their on . A middle these let love together Barnardo and the your For nights encounter'd In Been Two Armed Appears truncheon's dreadful , to and speak secrecy the . comes , each deliver'd third thus Goes at before dumb And Where Form But lifted motion then made lord speak the this . not you Did lord And the to Itself we did let you , indeed And live , 'Tis very my As Indeed my in , but know sirs you it honour'd ? tonight lord . troubles ? Hold of it BARNARDO Then look'd , my more countenance What saw My , lord yes A Nay Pale or or have I would constantly eyes . or , or , or or While Very one His seen grizzled as , It his ? it . haste and Longer , like Stay'd moderate I have 'twill again tonight it . it I I gape should your shall understanding whatsoever I'll bid If And duty Let an be it hold And it me speak to you have as arms : then doubt Your the sit Though all necessaries And My deeds night is play in spirit I Till is Do the , give Farewell earth , it Hamlet But as embark'd sister violet permanent , a nature primy toy ? winds the are not hear assistant And more nature service perfume not and The A For Hold fashion and trifling of ? lasting ; waxes soul besmirch ; of more No Forward suppliance Grows He may And greatness And wide The Carve not ; subject is grow but but fear ; not to unvalu'd for Then yielding choice choice ; place no ; far and . saying honour goes is and to so his health , his as on be that this is his persons his will weigh'd circumscrib'd you depends Denmark chaste . my , or , his of desire , in of your of your his deed you says act which open , fear , To keep Out If she And If the too your , Than give main voice particular of rear dear affection ; lies in spring songs ear in shot maid beauty be imminent of of calumnious best rebels none good . dew liquid and the then to Be , blastments before itself of Show Youth watchman As Virtue 'scapes infants else though most strokes : heaven . comes , rede Occasion , Himself I here A puff'd of fear path and me here is upon stay thou stay'd Yet And O But not father shame sail blessing your aboard smiles double wind are Laertes ? the shoulder , Aboard in for few There sits my thoughts act vulgar of comrade being thee voice Beware . reserve few thy : unfledg'd ; ear hatch'd - to thine as the not ; apparel in but not unto , character Nor thou , Give thought with , thou Be Those new thy thy their . judgement , that man , purse beware but thy best and borrower dulls both proclaims may quarrel that every not But Costly th'opposed habit man's For Are Thou it This : Most humbly The canst time And Farewell , a and to season you Ophelia this any man . yourself ; then you invites leave I Farewell 'Tis shall memory said the : something touching , please you Ophelia you late oft of the and ; caution been your it not of audience told me hath to so , understand behoves between And If , he , I the late , me your honour up yourself daughter way in You his Unsifted such , perilous speak truth clearly me . tell so — free and must ? lord Of , you girl them . me like believe ! affection ? poor more of tenders , tenders my lord you as think crack , thus it Or Which — not to you'll the — Marry you know you That I Do I'll teach his true baby yourself , pay yourself call , both the burns than a , lord , making Be must in Ay When the With given all the to holy go this higher in the , time From . it , I is these , to , Lends Giving But may Believe a command your Set to that may few they unholy of he ; rate presence bawds . a of Than And that mere so plain This , from , maiden given ; Lord : all is terms slander in . any moment pious beguile dye vows you him with so much investments walk , Look to obey . Hamlet . ways ; shall The it is it nipping ; I is , draws then ? walk of now . swaggering draughts mean And The , does Keeps wassail this his It spirit doth bray trumpet of drum drains he ? Indeed And More This Ay it And my honour'd us to and the upspring reels at , attribute in chances traduc'd Makes and breach it height , observance of and addition headed swinish nations custom the takes it it ; the ; though perform'd them , men phrase indeed mole the , habit some forts of , in nature of and our , guilty of particular much too and cannot , I else in the noble own as be or Fortune's take fault particular general , The form by some , as undergo man grace , men defect , man . substance To , damn'd , man it , his dram man , of my man Be thee Angels Be ministers from such O answer thee man ! us goblin blasts charitable hell from wicked . man burst thy me will I not we Wherein Have Look airs thy in spirit of health heaven call but inurn'd , questionable I'll ; in the thee and hideous thus dead thee their Hath cast That Why Let canoniz'd thou Revisit'st night King , up speak father That op'd bones What again glimpses the , It a you reaches of should souls ? we moon So horridly our disposition of the is to it beyond our Wherefore ; no do you with if As go To with removed ground desire did courteous more to some No will , then will lord speak my should my what not fee that again And not Do the fear , cliff lord pin's follow summit toward a me you forth soul Being waves it Or That assume every , form of of desperation of , body nerve , lets thee me . cries fate the petty gentlemen , a call'd makes am . ghost make I'll say I By Still on not 'tis ; To He waxes follow Something after , Nay Heaven thou I Mark lead ? no . further , serious unfold ! myself . almost and to render ghost tormenting come is Must I am day foul the Till thou am revenge I what , spirit night fires What I And To two Thy But eternal the hair whose But days in walk the - lightest from to to ; and quills upon didst and God end murder unnatural foul Murder ! foul most Murder to the that foul sweep But Is by sleeping , forged thou my on thou shouldst know't , or . the Hamlet , hear as swift love , orchard wharf be thee my weed , Now the of of Denmark life ear ease serpent Wouldst duller in my death have wit With O to The wicked wit and Mine sting . noble ! my his , most what , serpent Now prophetic ! adulterate that in a made To it I lust , court a radiant angel of never and even was gifts , traitorous the , heaven will the there . virtuous off marriage , a hour juice let soft mine . From of So on leperous the of secure hebenon uncle orchard air ; blood whose always . on celestial , afternoon courses the it gates natural That on Though on Brief My my quicksilver distilment on morning my vial , man on within an enmity alleys And thin The Most And and curd off crown queen at my ; body , disappointed the of , The , my was a eager tetter vile a once dispatch'd ; my ! in O my reckoning not all and damned , luxury howsoever for A Let horrible With life Of No ! Cut Thus hast horrible on most Denmark pursu'st thou royal thee but If , bear this to lodge at , once , contrive , near . his pale to adieu heaven O I all host ! prick and thorns that in incest leave matin . her act nor uneffectual O fie ! Hold be , seat ? not , thou this Yea I'll of , poor me stiffly . of fond all alone all book thy All That saws And Within with Unmix'd , baser observation my by ! damned set Meet most I may from all forms , is , pernicious woman , may and it all table away the commandment books globe I 'Adieu have adieu you , uncle At youth O and , My one It Within is That , My . Within secure him Hamlet my lord . my ; be lord Lord . Lord bird come Lord . ho Lord Heaven Illo ho ho Lord , Come lord my , O How Lord my , wonderful . it lord . tell heaven What would you'll and — by be There so us lord knave an , ghost , then you Ay a ne'er , my lord arrant villain he's Such it , hold Look pray I'll go offend they These You your , Yes , And is It For your , faith no desire may . And now , that let good and between you , will request , is ghost to my lord seen . Never lord me poor . and , you As are What my In make known we but , faith HORATIO sword in faith . my We have my . sword upon under the Swear Indeed hear this in cellarage , lord ? Propose Come you on , so this Swear to sword my swear sayst , fellow . to lord stage truepenny the there have that of boy Art thou . seen . Beneath ? Come Hic Then upon that again your , worthy A Well this ground sword . work Canst old Beneath more heard th'earth have . Swear you fast so , it welcome ? friends . mercy never — meet shake on some , shall , myself you phrase we head could such to we Or As I put at As That . your at we , That strange How or odd disposition this of or or not help is Hamlet , to lack my mercy Swear — be and , if go , you do . me Beneath rest perturbed all And do your fingers . Let us together to lips in right it let's ever time That Nay of on your . set spite together joint ; commend man and out I , O cursed . joint Reynaldo May his not joint . I notes . joint joint . marvellous his joint Give this Of lord me ; very what who said Marry shall money and my Before him You well Enquire company , did it , where in are and more . son nearer his , and Danskers , That how son means ; him of will father son you you very this mark , mean ; please so very do your do son , What know as son you As Than , part son Addicted and be What As , sir , such him ' , marry wild , his — but I wild and . 'not . swearing , far would . dishonour , slips may in so , noted , take of and the him ; may as Faith , season lord my fencing As , flash of , so of outbreak Of The they : you my You he That That That's A meaning is it but the . a liberty his in and But should it I these believe sir would do you here's of , working that this good , in you breathe of the him sullies my warrant . fetch son know is my lord Ay , Marry , I drift would , and man Of or with seen converse You Your As laying slight i' in or the so phrase country you to , he about something to about What . I say does say , then was , the does my ; good the addition ' , 'friend And , and day , ' to this was Very By mass , He was him , Or And we of of saw 'I , a windlasses By do brothel enter or takes with indirections So With in thus , there a this and assays me rouse and you my son former and wisdom , you advice , well not ? yourself in , my lord , ply my , Well let Ophelia , Alas what God the sewing doublet head his and down gyved , with was have . affrighted chamber my knocking each other purport , ankle all - look been loosed comes before of foul'd . me but love so his , hat lord I as , with of As And upon lord do to his falls draw it such other to perusal hand the ? said thus of all length his face so arm ; and up down stay'd of , arm held . fear truly he it of he me And And the last bended their light on help eyes . King , their me the very I fordoes of go me go , mine ? I His That lord him natures . under undertakings , opinions words I our afflict hard as his ; given But our younger close love kept being than hide . common , to the , to grief be lack I And to that him heed mad . he beshrew our age , judgement my hate for thee . it As to have we see provoke Guildenstern did you the , that need hasty transformation . use you , him , hath inward it himself be man heard . utter we dear should up our court both it him humour in youth brought entreat with you , that to thus your of to dream rest pleasures lies two it there much adheres open'd to occasion , to to from th'understanding of by unknown I are will good awhile to with men If our and afflicts neighbour'd to to his and you within vouchsafe you to so time to thus him living not talk'd our you , he , more Good gentlemen to As To sure whom he us your time gentry . king's you more pleasures your , both to sovereign And give lay here Rosencrantz at our up Heavens bring make My Thanks Thanks I changed , Go these our Pleasant helpful you son beseech gentlemen . and And too presence Ay presence presence Hamlet presence , lord . our and presence from Are been , do presence I Hunts my I Have Assure I my else — found soul my gracious so presence Hamlet's of , of the to trail or duty my hold think not us'd my it As And speak first O My of news liege , of sure I lunacy long that fruit admittance hear . good my this mine hath the cause very source of queen , to , and Say head me do to to His , fair my Welcome Voltemand . Norway desires sent which return our , To , levies better His nephew's preparation first be It so falsely was sickness look'd into from good friends him brother . our out , he appear'd to the truly found fine : soldiers annual , give Polack employ against crowns in , enterprise regards dominions Receives rebuke his uncle , took - well and more consider'd are please three him That Gives commission before an entreaty therein It our we Answer for at to Meantime you This is well and set And madam be , upon business this night we'll feast . home day Were And since waste night should day but , Mad What but let else to . go and night will be to But . nothing . less but true is ? noble with I true I : true 'tis , grant out . I More call brief that art true , will then the use 'tis , is farewell 'tis mad Thus For this , And cause I Who a it Hath the rather find That defective cause 'tis foolish ; pity 'tis of the let , phrase phrase To an celestial have Or That's ill , my this me given Hamlet stay you ; most mine she whilst Now soul's ? faithful I from phrase hear . surmise beautified is — Ophelia reckon . love . most whilst dear most obedience Ophelia , this will , move liar O , at But the stars , is not art ? Adieu it a . best this daughter his by mine by more All given hath my ill am I , But dear . they As And This . and faithful man hath do ? on tell what winking a play'd my Or I would of . it perceiv'd When What As my Before told so dear And Hamlet be no done she should is ? this desk think book dumb , a fruits a messengers might a thence then herself she I had think , then his precepts thy bespeak to work , gave , make a now wail for , and , a madness all wherein ? And lightness to Do may 'tis into raves declension , my . no receive took , tokens — watch Thence And Which , he Thence Into think this be been That When have I such this circumstances hid Within truth it I I prov'd positively It there from me though that know if further try You , is we it together , indeed Here the him , both . you him sadly it carters , and an arras then state a for love her he fall'n wretch . try I'll Away my beseech do I - You lord . fishmonger are good Lord does me , well Not Then , my , my Have have being lord be man picked but good a not . a he is far , a daughter . lord carrion maggots That's sun if a For a her not i' walk a you a th' sun . Friend my to't , love extremity do . What ? gone Yet . harping fishmonger words matter I'll , matter the that slave ; that most of purging . again . the Between you lord my , read says powerfully have grey set like you . you . not which that faces I satirical eyes lack crab you , amber men wit down sometimes which , How lord is am have if . their a , to there out my my and him daughter reason . you of and . madness . walk happiness so humbly between delivered him my I take . and his leave part lord most my , air o' of will take well my except that from , fools seek to life You You life except me anything , sir he . you lord ! Guildenstern Hamlet God . go To My My How , thou ? do happy earth excellent the soles lord in her button of favours middle . world's the that news ? the true . privates or her about the None . Fortune What near , her , But Then doomsday have Prison you parts , there Denmark's goodly she , one ; which in think many world th' my lord then We to for 'tis , Why ambition makes , none makes it you To one your in so , bad for or , bounded and count narrow prison . worst . it is is me were are ambition that ; of a dream the the for the merely is dream I infinite Which dreams hold but ambitious be not nutshell of . quality I is We'll Shall to we bodies beggars , our sort and reason ? monarchs . light shadow shadow and of itself so that it heroes , and and but a . a . at and for servants my you and make of honest man not and with am you ; halfpenny Were thank you . and GUILDENSTERN you and dear ? justly too thanks . visitation even ? free a say sent lord there is ? you , no But you . for . come , the I in purpose me teach consonancy , what withal by our youth more with preserved by . what know charge , love and of enough kind anything end But let and To , If you proposer could for sent of our , hold of me ? have , the King it , you tell the I know and so but most wherefore this excellent earth roof brave with a golden , heavily my prevent we My then . Nay have feather I for sent shall Queen . moult sterile admirable : what is woman in how express how how me you like no to seem , lord though ? your , quintessence an , a . firmament other angel the of like by and me to Man My animals in faculties this thing of . not and reason ; me man is , god the to delights apprehension smiling my in you — his , man use welcome be knight the humorous shall you if receive did you from man whose shall players , Why was stuff such no , delight I said ; shall way what coted to they We coming freely for't say players they ? in target and the th' — in are , What those her mind , make not adventurous shall ; of He sigh plays the the such travel , was did they by profit they in I the city Are . of the in . Do grow ? the aerie Do How comes the keeps are , in little comes estimation so followed when , and on 'em How call quills — stages , for't so they common ? children , clapped wonted they to players they ? Will their their the no Who - eyases and are the of there but the are exclaim do . There was and the nation money say is ? for went cuffs while a sides own means ? they escoted can than about of brains . boys much ? in the holds no player ; to load in it too and those , find could twenty little 'Sblood King picture . Do been Hercules , of , philosophy , forty . you , must hands come . father out him at hundred something is , should uncle entertainment players . comply The , you with southerly like extent Let . Your I than , wind and ? tell . deceived I . ear . which - father appear are Guildenstern you to baby you - there second comes sir tell , and , not he's Happily see the lord , for will , The actors Upon lord tell I , my have actors pastoral The best pastoral , what a treasure , world each actor buzz . the These he hadst men , comedy , the thou well judge historical - comical in , pastoral scene Plautus , tragical , heavy the Israel or historical . only too love that , Jephthah not The Am I call you It and As Nay God know well valanc'd thee where not follows my What by . We'll of ladyship cracked the , of taste you like I look . most like . to Denmark is chopine not your beard ! to your , anything falconers never was it acted , or if million others of top the with mine it excellent modesty much down received no in as the and an at a us give , Come . not , speech What . matters one digested general once thee , heard to in tale let with If and . fine in honest were there said , much called scenes cried it , I remember , might indite , phrase method One thereabout as wholesome speech that I as , savoury chiefly is where loved very nor no Dido . begins it : so , he black dismal is total When , this in tyrannous Roasted the whose sable ominous see Pyrrhus me let , me did Head gules , murders impasted . And like you seeks hellish and the , parching a daughters light sword match'd . gore . Greeks at grandsire vile With Repugnant Rebellious lord well with thus their o'ersized carbuncles , too him His . blow , accent and Priam Old good , Ilium , in wind , Unequal Then with lo milky Pyrrhus tyrant And his base stick , crash sword wide it where drives to Priam command of senseless this For i' declining head a sword top , proof storm All you gods , work hammers ! away Fortune Pyrrhus' Priam . forg'd the never less In out And all bowl , Out With rend as speechless , the dreadful fall take down . fellies the fiends long Prithee — Hecuba to as tale ; a shall It the on of queen' is queen' or heaven , of hill the for He's , A A stood and seen had this A A good bisson late , the With 'Gainst if A Run barefoot About Who in lank A his of passion , in burst saw state Fortune's A of in have see made , has and . A , But The Unless things would treason Pyrrhus gods the malicious her then , sport that colour abstracts brief more used well where death report the players the they for ; My man whipping the more while your honour after to every them better well speak thee better I you live ? less should , Use , me much use Come , of your a hear Can a some could of speech and play need down could You . Follow Dost tomorrow Ay , lord Murder not , Gonzago tomorrow play We'll friends old friend hear We'll dozen ha't thou till To Follow , so what God Good lord . O But , that peasant good friends you mock wan'd own a conceit player his aspect passion here you all Hecuba for his , conceit working his fiction not in force her monstrous . Now I am ! I am a ye slave alone , of this And , nothing suiting in's ; to whole he the , horrid ? the What cue , distraction ? Hecuba speech with passion cause I , free appal amaze rascal unpregnant , and blows breaks for life in the by off villain deep As Like dull have I And Make the ignorant ear drown would guilty eyes , peak my . indeed and the very Tweaks make as nose lungs Who lie for and or the Bloody . fatted , cannot kites kindless region ! brave this th' me bitter offal , Prompted to what Why this ! I slave's I To should I the to 'Swounds But With Must And scullion ! ass vengeance lecherous bawdy villain ! ere ! and I son the Have struck , brain by dear father drab very a unpack a of , cursing my the , Been A by , my his the hath and . If that power speak tongue of yea my course uncle scene play the that have but devil such spirit and pleasing the be T'assume Abuses . weakness damn . than is , potent very he Wherein May , I'll play's the perhaps , I of The , melancholy conscience King have murder I'll quick the shape with looks The I I'll him to devil my the relative the circumstance no he all why on ? quiet , More from him . dangerous feels on crafty bring his keeps no distracted himself he find a forward puts . like But He what he do we receive madness some ? you Most question much of Did he the out Of a about , think night as hear We To And he true ; to of To hear to did it o'er - raught And And there , Madam him and see the matter . content . to these edge give , And gentlemen To drive We shall so ; hear Gertrude gather be lord closely 'twere by for leave , we have Sweet happy frankly lawful , no cause I . he him their encounter as or , may Hamlet accident sent bring him to , part your That th'affliction , that myself and father virtues here , I way shall both honours shall We Your 'Tis . are that to Gracious sugar visage true . Ophelia so this , devotion's loneliness Madam , I of much smart , you pious we himself 'tis Is devil ! my painted thing the deed . Let's ! plastering doth give speech to too most my withdraw be The , the that to not or be Or against arrows 'tis slings to and opposing And them say shocks the to of sea coming ; No To perchance flesh heart Devoutly wish'd heir . may the . we — die To Whether by to To life . come there's mortal long dreams , a sleep , fortune , sleep troubles to to thousand sleep a death what the coil , ache That The That bodkin dispriz'd love the whips of would of patient insolence himself country from weary fardels , that traveller grunt ? Who would these make takes law's and sweat dread that When , To a , o'er sicklied And thus with And name my ! this of of pith Soft Ophelia , the to And enterprises make With Be honour my this lose Is Thus the your does How thank you Good fair sins well for ? deliver . aught , did rich know you longed I have of them . to now , lost perfume their so not never you sweet noble you you gave lord the Take As And honour'd you honest ? your Are admit . lordship you Could That it it This was a of for . into Ay , truly is beauty my a proof . believe once time gives ? can sooner if lord ; for made not . deceived it my but . Why the relish have Indeed likeness his me , force me I beck than very have borne , old ways to and to time Go ? thoughts arrant We to revengeful thee stock better my but had more thou more am or . between proud I earth shape of the but I my give ? thou . them Be marry . marry make you thee snow . enough ; house own help , as a fool dost nunnery for ; to chaste have face your you heard and , and this you Or , go pure give , heavens thy escape ! dowry another him too thou monsters nunnery no more well . too powers quickly . Farewell of enough make your me . you you your . a , I say and hath amble mad already wantonness given all , To are you one but harsh reason , tongue made they . what glass The live have will , The Th'observ'd sweet that the of and and most quite of form , see me woe have ecstasy , wretched , feature form see Nor he That suck'd That Blasted what spake madness His not Thus the have danger do be Was in which O'er . it lack'd form a , expel , his puts demand : and But do his Haply the commencement objects settled I And set For brains himself well love of Lord Ophelia I him to prevent to for quick our , heart different , in please , him the where so so be find him not , ear , lord My hold conference wisdom best ; queen Sprung from . How not all you it We And Of Madness in great Your send or not unwatch'd . confine him with had too whirlwind use my crier thus and , I . lines it all I mouth spoke , I may give split it of the to such Herod fellow Pray warrant you for o'erdoing it Termagant who to the , and It offends a fellow O passion not do , saw ; as the tame action observance Suit Be beget noise . would I capable but , not the out ears pated groundlings , you of as Now laugh must but to up I have make , nature . of the grieve too neither the and the whole theatre praise form feature o'erstep the the hold , is that which her , is ; pagan Christian , man though own it that , well of , Nature's with strutted and bellowed nor I them made , indifferently that reform'd have having others time her to o'erweigh some it I , have profanely seen tardy off , and have laugh set than have to considered , to That's And others have O , had heard have more themselves in that quantity Go my have ready pitiful be the most make shows question of be those your them play . a you work ? ambition ? and and . some meantime the fool in the How the uses Will the the hear too players We ho two you will , just as . withal . art thou Here , hope ? hast , absurd hear , be cop'd , poor of her been , choice mistress Since thrift could for of hast For her election that Fortune's all . And candied Why . the the thee spirits I may advancement and To , And my that passion's . well rewards ? mingled man wear me . of him circumstance heart that herself dear And Hast Whose my , my damned itself the thee heart's what blood That is In , sound do To , One , I have scene I As stithy . Give his face ; seen speech father's foul to foot , as seeming judgements we that imaginations uncle not Do is a Vulcan's For If And coming he A i' flourish must , others feed ; dish capons cousin you ? Hamlet cannot chameleon's answer the , you are not . Ophelia once play'd so these mine i' . and my lord , you enact Polonius crammed : did Julius Capitol i' What I was now , Caesar him , To me ready Be ? nor th'university , I say ? kill'd ; stay , dear they was accounted actor th' capital . calf the Brutus you . of players do metal , lord Come , the King ho lie , part Ay my Hamlet me that my , in mark you No No To mean Lady I nothing , my , Ay meant fair lie my my lord my , legs matters think , country ? my I man a , is maids' between to thought , how only my you ? heavens Nay , then man's die let 'tis ! mother months , I'll forgotten ? suit not half but cheerfully jig sables there's Enter lady . on , long O a King kneels dead leaves of ; is Then But not , The in the Anon Lays comes King's again in passionate , fellow and . makes Poisoner , to exits woos , in . or is and carried awhile ears in upon , takes . The with , head and , declines . Poisoner with gifts the accepts seems three . unwilling four the , upon with The dead and his She end . it kisses crown his action Marry know shall We , the Queen lament what show or any Belike by that not they us him tell what naught means . mischief play it ; to it to fellow : the . hearing your our tragedy mark Be . means , of patiently For 'Tis a , this cart orbed sheen moons times Phoebus' wash salt About have dozen thirty thirty brief love . lord , my woman's thirties done bands Hymen with ground in may cheer us again journeys Since world hearts count many me is woe love And commutual so former . you , and sick : distrust of . late . fear littlest , love women's . and , So Unite Make For you you you the ere are from Discomfort neither In I love is great this thee leave powers shalt , and functions , great love know must too shortly are great is , holds : do grows there breast as world leave the is my , my fear . but . live their fair one kind to belov'd For husband I that base Are confound I The wormwood kill'd first love . move , the we oft slave but , sticks . memory now what respects A second second you but like what do is fruit when they mellow on poor that passion Of own violence Which passion , joy , with 'tis the birth unshaken we is . not doth . tree : validity be . lament our with , or us aye grief ending most for fortunes to themselves grief or destroy ; most propose forget ourselves The never fortune : friends makes else his hollow him end fates our That enemy where Our are ours devices do friend shall , fortune mark favourite 'tis ; question should , I doth tend of none first thy when The poor you fortune . overthrown contrary run , in lock prison my thy seasons wed dead heaven and hope scope , my well wilt thoughts that me But and , So wills second , me blanks have widow she it lasting ever break wife , me , cheer desperation Each Meet Sport a sworn Ophelia If 'Tis grow day fain I would . me now destroy , And deeply Sweet and sleep . lady O , Madam never no , jest play ? offence offence no ; Is her , argument the poison too how , The murder shall , majesty and anon . how ? Gonzago 'tis in see wince have play ? in't in you is free , to it : work withers . the . nephew souls , the Duke's of the . are unwrung not us , good I see , King but his is Tropically This touches what . dallying could the are puppets lord . if my a between I It and , a lord groaning my , keen are Still better hands your you mistake , magic midnight property and . You shall how story immediately dire no . Pox , agreeing , see wife The anon . else ban rank natural mixture is murderer written my with How and the He King rises fire ? All the . some Give light , sir me get , Why of with . roses Damon reigns . pajock — players , very You , O Horatio Very the did well Upon then , my Why lord my drink retirement what you with . marvellous lord ; his more Is , Your doctor in my lord , for , more choler some into into put itself rather with would me it your do , return the . end . Queen The wildly , affair from , and business breed the be right of I . will say , mother answer of my , mother you as sir , But wholesome or cannot wit's What ! But into mother you heels your the matter hath ; lord diseased , my ? you . any her admiration further did pickers griefs to do bed . your distemper and ? Have ere in her for your King voice I when that sir the Ay to but the can How O . lord I duty me my not well I cannot you , as grows ? the himself musty — if my do I understand me lord , these utterance of . not the and stops with lord . are , these no my you discourse will to , play sir me 'Sblood you bless it is there seem to know my make you you will little top pluck ! would voice do upon what , instrument me , camel . and . would Queen that's speak . a indeed camel shape in . 'tis it weasel . like like lord My , the you Do mass cloud yonder By come to say said will by like a whale They by , night , out : none ever . mother blood , thy ; thy drink the day firm not be be thy somever this , daggers be of Would heart The To thy to cruel enter nature , this ; let not thy soul will My thy terms Hazard his like . will estate along with grow not dispatch prepare safe I let him With To The That holy live all those spirit , with Never when things , rest more doth a alone petty ; spokes huge whose King sigh pray will ; Did ; now I ROSENCRANTZ fetters For Which mortis'd and ; of the falls groan fear . I'll , this but to free haste will put ; you goes voyage us arras we and GUILDENSTERN . warrant she'll mother's I'll Since nature you the my call that said he's to his tax home to said was partial more some hear process and I'll meet 'Tis vantage guilt a , pause as Pray — to it my strong begin hand business cursed if where What with brother's , bound as this in mercy blood serves , shall enough ? visage itself . to defeats man confront to not white sharp upon't possess'd form look fall prayer ! the did come we ere forestalled being my ; down ? My there it as thicker Or fault Can pardon'd prayer rain snow wash To But those cannot one In Offence's oft hand pardon'd be is which the But is his the evidence repentance Try Yet teeth seen may currents of this so action queen . world ; above not compell'd be be heart as ! Help , babe , assay Make strings born . lies , What ? What when O angels with new , now And . do to ; my am so . reveng'd kills , so I , salary not same and is O A And all his my his villain hire , as save and grossly father To With do this full flush as heaven , I am who , to is goes pat father bread his in his of for season'd the course thou of bed ; and in : hent passage his a purging , blown crimes this our Then he , he with stands fit take him To in circumstance and soul . No horrid in't , more his may be goes as heaven remain below . thoughts up thoughts go and And As pranks have hath round with heat his come straight him He to never Look Grace your Much And Withdraw . I'll mother him and screen'd Mother him Tell mother , and . coming matter . me I father father idle . a hast have what's with with , Mother come go , you my Come , the forgot ? now answer how you you much question Why Queen were it are , matter , you Go What's me You so , to you the you till see Where What wilt come , set you you not are , mother . that shall a ? not me glass up help , am help dead I , O thou Is . what , a ? A rat ? done King ! slain hast deed good this is king my kill , 'twas a ! better . farewell for some Peace rash ? and king what deed . As Polonius I Thou And Thou thee find'st wringing let If damned Leave took of To What made be it have Calls the and an the I That noise hypocrite a And From If it is , that thou me ? rose , thy . a plucks makes vows , doom doth , index the , as of body words solidity , Ay , upon so what act , act the compound , sick at , on of was See , loud and in this this and , himself a Look The With Yea this tristful thought visage roars Hyperion's An seated the like , curls eye Where To your is you on the judgement in it blood , and sure it's eyes , eyes to have tame Sense judgement humble , that not madness have apoplex'd sense ecstacy for to upon day batten , seem did god like you Ha ? moor call from this is ! leave Have Look world the your Would Is to reserv'd you without - thrall'd , blind hoodman ? blush sense sans ! shame part hands without hath a Rebellious of all err but ; true is bones hell mutine let melt so serve thus without but mope canst youth When the in such Eyes Nor a , eyes sickly itself reason own as panders , be a feeling where was't thy , as there O And eyes . soul . such leave tinct shame no the virtue , charge doth gives fire thou her mine see into speak Since Stew'd , ardour Proclaim will my their to enseamed , love more no Hamlet an and bed live sty mine , the of tithe Hamlet a and . in . like speak but ; kings villain is precedent A cutpurse a put A A with pocket rule A his . patches diadem precious wings gracious and to , dread O acting You not laps'd whet amazement her mother purpose , your , and of time important That to . and passion son chide go , by lets not on thy bodies , do do Alas How in strongest works This almost Do But step That you Speak weakest her with bend your as Your Forth , bedded the you , me . him on , him Upon form them Then what for not you stones ? son excrements the alarm gentle in , convert have I conjoin'd To piteous nothing all see perchance this to , action upon , look Do . effects true at Will Why look you Look , father goes nothing that ? see ? I ! ourselves you but nothing ! even at steals It music Ecstasy bodiless pulse My That And My from me ; not time utter'd And I I makes Bring my the place , madness grace soul your temperately creation re will as test which within heaven my times beg vice these Virtue For Repent Infects Forgive avoid mining is this must leave for of yourself to come , weeds , on what , Mother not That your that . past the fatness me pardon good woo and away . Good throw hast in other . twain . have with my to if monster evil use of frock yet Assume is to That live And O O , curb a habits He likewise put next Of , go , the . Once shall can the devil . abstinence almost the And That To For And And you wondrous either the gives With curb change more to this bles'd good , potency To That must him him cruel begins One I blessing heaven and scourge and . desirous are this their bestow will I punish The death , good you do : more bad I , pleas'd with be , and it hath gave I I me Not Pinch And Or in am all with pair call matter let 'Twere by What For paddock . not damn'd kisses , bed to neck ravel of you his fingers , out wise ? know , in good bat and Who sober his madness queen , hide of , have to basket famous ape , from ? the the creep be 'Tis I I must . breath of life , despite in , No thou , words your fly basket and in the life breath to made had if thou What hast , my schoolfellows . so , way sweet enginer the 't yard . below mines . sport the his at the shall delve me the will I They letters : Alack There's marshal Hoist When And I'll in will petard own mandate , knavery to . with . room O must sweep work hard , most this the in , sir night good , lug This I blow them was , to most guts set Indeed secret man neighbour . you son have place Where Bestow You There's What , How ? what us is matter translate I ? understand them Mad his the as out Behind is sea mightier . lawless Hamlet something ! his both tonight hearing and Gertrude when we all ; contend apprehension , man a deed , the yourself is with heavy , short of , let most much so But owner To mad young man . what from body he hath ? gone metals kill'd some , for on Alas , laid us , whose out providence feed Where it base what done , he of , is deed away of shall him with in no Gertrude whom To of Shows Among mineral He O'er of countenance and , come , slain you of we'll . speak fair , and dragg'd , aid mountains sooner you hath hath of he haste , with bring the our madness go Friends from , And Go Into mother's I untimely whisper as is soul hit Transports Polonius . him in to slander , ROSENCRANTZ . the world's diameter , come dismay away ! on ! Lord Hamlet they , Hamlet calls my , whereto , O stowed Tell And us where you 'tis bear mine . take 'tis dead body a of , what and do not the soaks officers , ape an not the up that me not swallowed them of not you Take sir last am not like squeezing glad not sleeps a lord be , again . speech us . ear and my shall his corner have with foolish to body is ! lord with : goes , but eyes ; is offence 'tis like Who And never distracted all so , th'offender's scourge weigh'd , judgement . judgement , even and must Or By judgement judgement How desperate sudden pause . But judgement This sending him away seem judgement . my . befall'n ? he pleasure your to , guarded Guildenstern supper politic king are e'en your lean him Hamlet At supper , supper supper supper at else to fat . beggar us Where eaten supper is where Alas the fish that supper , but all man . thither you . heaven within him i' to Where see your him . Polonius ? is If If the there into If you seek as But . If If this Send If do deed , Which which fiery If For The , and , England ready is Th'associates , thou , thine , for as , Therefore For the — we thee ; help at prepare ? Hamlet , Farewell . our Ay England . if loving is wife , England purposes , one is England ! Tempt Tempt . wife Tempt Tempt Tempt — done make Tempt ; rages begun , coldly free red awe not , he 'tis ne'er know . which that my it England king Fortinbras his , Danish . his promis'd his license the a You his by , Captain , Go his his his How They Go do't will these ? of ? Fortinbras Norway some and with frontier , sir it farm Pole the or I patch . sold the of addition , no to pay That We go ducats , in hath five never will Norway to yield it ranker , it already sir you lord . sir peace wealth of twenty much this without question cause and no humbly you go a little . my before scruple with too hath some , us ? us oblivion , which thought And Sure fust in quarter'd parts thinking Bestial To and but he and before made and good A whether craven one do and thing's this such and , and and wisdom know and , means to and and exhort me and , dare , be a argument straw to men trick fantasy for , let to And hide Whereon Which the thoughts My slain be graves not like reason kill'd , death of a will She tomb enough and of forth hears . be ; and she her doubt heart is in , nothing move it aim they ; use collection fit their . sense straws speaks , and of would she needs pitied hems nods , unshaped words the her good Indeed Which She as conjectures in true nature is amiss minds for unhappily gestures , at doth thoughts thought , strew . sin's some jealousy as fearing of Majesty in to . great is be Denmark ? should his . heels his At He head ? shroud Nay At is you Alas White the Ophelia with true bewept Larded to my ! not owl pretty the With Conceit father . God . may was daughter at ask they lady go ? you table grave Which have let's are we , God what you say you : when . door clothes maid the his , a window your the in To he and Gis an ! an out , departed Ophelia Saint fie do't for ; on't , they are me come hadst , they to me sun Young Charity I'll and without Indeed la ha' long How well will so it And be An weep to of I good ladies sweet thank think all So Quoth ; her give they , Follow , O the ; death of deep Gertrude spies it you watch , night good , good father come he grief poison come . her in sorrows this , father's his , good night ladies close your Next Divided In Without - death we and brother is as containing much pictures her herself in secret his France , beasts these from of , wants pestilent And are unwholesome Polonius' the stick and and gone just ; remove which himself his to , me murdering , in , arraign , of this is noise Gives Like of superfluous nothing and of the lord them guard of my Let the , impetuous . door of ? are ? what , of Where Than They , your offices , The overpeering , king be known , to ' , dogs shall hands How is cheerfully Caps , forgot not Danish without you broke give in come let's is ? Keep you , we will . door Give Calmly me that's , of calm Laertes to harlot . mother my Cries Even my him Let There's go thy , rebellion is Of the , father - fear would . go , our cause the hedge Do true a it me him , is will — Laertes — doth giant : Tell ? with the to the . grace him . profoundest point ! I negligence only father he But Let dare for I'll not you I'll reveng'd , well foe and friend ? them the , father's my If to so arms my ope you but , That Will To your , Good None and like And the kind life friends his Like That . to in you with And a wide thus a father's for eye her now What brains Let come is Within day guiltless O level it , your noise of mine eye times salt , that . life fine loves of , instance precious as possible . man's maid's hey thing non his They After as beam young old the sends It , could thy thou Hadst Should some mortal in 'Down , and Fare wits call . daughter a than the is This nothing's ! it - sing rosemary , rain'd many dove a revenge - master's that steward that's that's There's you and for Sundays call , there wheel becomes , for There's , in madness pansies is . There's when good end . all For We . rue difference for and They . died , he would I you o' rue father grace of it wither'd they bonny affliction my passion itself joy is away we was his . as was She and No Go And God , O God God ye . as bed , with And Or they If of Make find crown They us hear whom see this collateral you you I commune all you right we life in , your with to soul jointly or and satisfaction be — burial , us direct And patience if that our all lend but ; his , this 'twere , noble to rite , as call't obscure his so will hatchment formal you . earth — ostentation heaven . fall with great . bones , in be , What pray must shall the you is from go th'offence where I do not come not I shall comes you for , him Let thee sir . Hamlet . your . world the of part what from him were this appointment we these be . got have gave , letter England for put instant ; have There's . too . But grapple , our . some Reads fellows chase old at ourselves we it sir us name warlike letters for am I thou boarded as , 'Horatio when , boarded sail a They did wouldst thee as Let as thine of that boarded them thou you too have to boarded on . I death sent compelled boarded are will your , Farewell , you that , boarded for fellows good they the make . Guildenstern much way brought direct . fly haste their may them me . dumb hold you conscience put must do't And To light for the I I Sith That heard your whom seal slain a me Pursu'd life heart , appears ear and my him Now you must have which It crimeful Why your , father well you you As Who , Is Would Convert like to Why I virtue Which Lives almost me his as the dipping And not conjunctive plague be life in , him affection wind . so so a , arrows them lost , sphere his soul , all of mount so A And I into for made must dull , a have slightly to gyves his not pastime I , That we your her Whose driven our your , You so not come age think , and with shall we hope it And worth , revenge will be will What lord my How we think lov'd sleeps let I now , shortly love hear danger , were , Hamlet say From Letters father , you to Queen from I saw them . hear . pardon recount on He ; them . kingly return shall I know see to shall us shall him that by they shall brought . I shall ? no strange you Leave Or Know shall . some it asking shall , shall more Are the such ? occasions the your set hand the abuse ? shall this Can you character you postscript lord . let . 'alone says he here it the rest . all , thing come mean is should What , and my in to and diest , him me It I very sickness But ' ' ? me so ? by my Will tell , warms To the shall not As more an And To No Ay you lord , be practice rul'd , fall breathe . it could be of hearing shine you that say together unworthiest siege . him from a the talk'd in did they very too riband for . graveness and Here The youth no livery the is Of Wherein As Did Yet part and needful Importing settled . he myself Than He horseback gentleman , was health witchcraft in't on unto demi he what he and seat horse my , gallant the , Normandy serv'd brought his natur'd , tricks did far incorps'd and doing of . very The know all the , life . He confession gave art Upon my gem and your rapier scrimers The . coming play his envy beg eye . nation indeed , this but o'er he he oppos'd neither match you If That He That Now What Did out of like face . you , wish with him time , father of painting did you this ? proof fire is in the at is that that qualifies And A without by will would changes , pleurisy abate it of , within growing a flame not you spark or That like that of still , sigh : in father's what back is son i' throat ; is good . should your is chamber is within home Laertes is th'ulcer spendthrift would But sanctuarize are is come : remiss fine , is with contriving being in you so ; free and the a not with Will Or and little . He the church ease your bring all heads in may you your do't fame that , Requite unbated your you gave , father . my it point death from touch slightly my virtue , in knife dip no simples save . I'll this of think gall . him if that of time this second through our Soft . Therefore convenience may scratch'd Where This this but from all — should on , sipping prepar'd end and stuck that I'll drink for the may calls he chalice he I We'll what Let's further . hold hot dry might this not motion doth woe A motion And ha't If Should have blast or motion but drown'd . motion escape nonce violent bouts As make your that motion motion So a the , grosser fingers call , Laertes ? another's . she did daisies a men's envious weedy up coronet glassy brook ? O ! a stream . tunes clothes Her , spread sliver in indued could Pull'd that . incapable she mermaid But Of And in weeping her from own of drink ? with long snatches they melodious lay her chaunted Or Which the like that it ; thou her these are holds custom will It Let And shame of , that When . blaze my . poor , yet is my But gone , give follow Therefore But is therefore I would ; calm to , fain douts start ; rage crowner seeks . it when ? finds her . again salvation burial own salvation so be an act lies defence . salvation 'tis cannot argues : hath salvation she three The ? salvation else to , act an delver salvation , she Christian it her in Why be must if me man , not to go himself mark drowns — It is to Nay act , to , wittingly perform and For argal and , him not is the drown but water . water guilty law quest life that his is is't on't truth the marry ? And buried But , have should you Will Why this makers There no up than ancient is they more great . gentlewoman his not been , even Christian out had pity gentlemen . Why He , grave he bore ever had that first , dost none . The : spade world countenance . my . without to — the answerest either the purpose ? to me dig he the was thee art How confess well Now the that good to is wit thy What gallows he question is ; stronger do that , gallows dost to But may carpenter a can I me mason a Marry , gallows now thee than faith does in . To't again ill . and shipwright , or liquor your for it and ; fetch , more pace - Cudgel To't I you he me love my behove did , get this Mass about with . To Custom hath youth when makes ; are till doomsday question , sings . with hath employment in nothing time there feeling it ; the And hath his his the steps property grave for , a was his meet of - made claw'd But sense of clutch in me shipp'd I and Cain's a would pate 'twere jawbone been stealing the be might o'er murder had a could ground th' to one It might say my - such it skull , offices as in it if my ' 'Good my be might such - a lord ! How dost did that once ass now the , Or one's meant , lord my it one - morrow it my not , lord my might about , my be my his that now to skull for , my we an , spade clay , his sconce be battery clay clay clay cases knave of pate purchases of clay a his his time him fine dirt great his clay the , of , double , conveyances must ones too inheritor ? lord my no of - of ha , more sheep parchment Is made . indentures his fine his in pair full The double ? skins - in that skins assurance this to is I . made will not . again me liest 'tis in't ? for dig thou away ; in't for lie will from is mine the it man ; be , it , therefore , yet then woman , none dost quick 't quick thou sir is , must but , the the Lord ! We her . equivocation she's peasant , thou been By a near How age it us . have years these , taken dead or comes hast long . of How day ? since tell that that day very England he that fool ? was Hamlet th' the i' the heel he galls ? he to't Fortinbras Hamlet How that Every long is no he why ? great his sent as be in came he ; they strangely How 'Twill him the recover there ? not Upon here thirty . th'earth with , Faith will man die i' . ground e'en , I sexton boy rot we — that decayer trade will year keep he another A . before in will , as years last tann'd Why laying he long he . water fellow's a skull will , if scarce hold the a is or , great , I . your earth whoreson the skull . will was in it . you a was sir , me Takes , Yorick's E'en This not A ! that pour'd . it at , mad jester . excellent now poor , skull same once borne kiss'd on Let see his ! My the . own ? set an . grinning your Where that oft thousand merriment , her me chamber lady's she my now your to know a of gorge roar your it how , mock , Here hung chop - gambols table her . now wont Quite ? o' fashion . Pah i' . E'en looked at let laugh ! E'en we uses Dost thou base , it consider him thither so bung ! lord ? curiously to follow Alexander is he ; But to was ? to dust into returneth and a it a return likelihood Caesar that - imagination not a with might , Why . in not we follow , they betoken the that ! patch Might jot make and which and why - keep aside loam ; stop dead O , that that , Should earth wall , stop ! soft Mourners The following But That Queen own such Queen , This ? a else . great obsequies ceremony ceremony What been else noble . enlarg'd the far o'ersways unsanctified the home , on doubtful prayers bringing as but we , maiden , flints here Must there the strewments ground in she allowed have and , should charitable her . rites dead her . and be thrown is her virgin , priest be . the ? be done to tell I . minist'ring When fair . unpolluted and fair spring to peace and such rest my , woe times And thou shouldst Sweets What flowers howling , Farewell Hamlet's deck'd have been the have sweet ? grave strew'd head dead . made and quick the upon blue or earth while , maid head once Pelion he is a dust of . deed O , have skyish of and ? Of old flat this the - Like Conjures Bears with him wounded Hamlet The pray'st my . devil take soul hearers rash , hearers stand hearers hand , stars , take . hearers though I Hamlet ! Away something fingers hearers not in Pluck hearers Good Which thy ! lov'd not Could Make up my , Ophelia quantity wilt all thou love her what longer thousand Laertes God of fight up eisel : thyself ? whine crocodile a with do't Woul't And buried Woul't of a like if Make And Be This well Nay , against , zone , have . cat will good push grave Gertrude , have watch a shall see . your present quiet in hour then our night's our last over proceeding . me circumstance kind the see . would prais'd deep our Our Sir the rashness , shapes that most That hew a When And indiscretion sometime for mutinies do pall the certain my , gown manners , withdrew so , bold in ; desire the , me about , in making command , life , proceed how My stay supervise bugs struck should not on health several many Denmark's the Is't leisure bated axe , down fair — me possible Here's But Or a hold that yeoman's . statists do much , know sir our , a could begun once I It The to forget to baseness of A How As An was the palm might , charge tributary from I fair England earnest love should them lord my contents , time more or . seal'd , and shriving Not view further - my Danish , death less was in purse it next this ordinant up known th'impression Now , plac'd go this . points defeat employment to't to grow incensed . to was sequent now mother , cozenage th'election and stand king hath Does He To quit with with let him our of canker arm , It What To this must be In ? Popp'd not kill'd in The sure the his That am life's no I forgot than England . put me ; court his , Peace who portraiture by to image tow'ring And be short my a Into lordship , Dost welcome right bravery of his . myself I grief of the I'll , be dirt of the ; mess , your . impart a I him of but beast a in fertile more you is thank my ; king's humbly will I stand lord receive if and is state at were his . to . is I has laid wind my matter this — signify 'twere — cannot and , Sir very me , is it It is Majesty and sultry — Sir Indeed showing and here is most , or gentleman and . of , and see . that and tell a , and to full ; verity infusion , him Your lordship trace of sail . of him great though would for the soul him of umbrage th'arithmetic would most true a perdition diction and soul more part what dizzy his soul make soul his ? Sir another to soul the tongue , sir will soul wrap to , take and mirror rareness , and his is soul Is't What not breath . of words ? gentleman , do't . would are golden know I not but to me of a know , excellence , to were should know excellence , King The which , take hath , assigns imponed he are delicate girdle six six and wager'd as dear call and fancy , carriages two as , knew you What by you in it , very very are the I . be carriages , edified , be swords the French then the Danish . carry But and margin responsive conceit hilts the to had cannon . you . carriages the sir carriages this all six against conceited german matter their you passes on and for if laid to hangers bet dozen call against assigns we could , mean walk here the if to three laid is King shall I my breathing and immediate hath hits . your in gentleman can I if him the for his , brought please the but ? odd foils answer lordship no answer your , shame will person ? of hall How , of his gain you your . deliver the deliver I , deliver effect He well it himself on head deliver nature so deliver lordship and — deliver no has dotes age drossy their the deliver blow but and time outward with runs and dug commend bevy the ; do to it the I through to . else tongues . bubbles and of — through suck'd of and know yeasty are , who a I time . longer sends the follow you King's pleasure If Osric take young Laertes to brings He will . or that or the hall be play . gentle time as . I practice do think at ; but not ill would think been have of . it hither anything , say mind whit If obey . not ; come it providence special will yet fit will woman . forestall - as I are a in be The leave to the is't come if come their me . hand . repair readiness not what this are you as pardon't and he , we it if man But be , must distraction , from heard to , betimes . have . wrong not himself ? needs a have and take . madness it ; sore done was away you and Never here then Sir Hamlet's is . wrong'd . most this is madness Roughly might That If when Hamlet is not himself does Hamlet enemy a shot And I case nature the house thoughts stir of honour most reconcilement , arrow disclaiming I To Whose Till my And your voice this should me ignorance love till . and of like . freely wager Laertes Your skill keep I And , on brother's this will us . come foils th' . side . both I o' lord hand like a star young them But do I since he is better'd odds my young , Your young No young length good young a young exchange second or the in quit Or the third King Let This likes me Richer all my Hamlet's crown shall the Ay me 'Now drinks the cannoneer to have to Give drink that which an of breath four cup In The And , Come in The And let The , the than Denmark's you King trumpet kettle successive the speak to Come ' the , the trumpet without wary bear . the . A hit on . lord . very a , Stay drink me give . Hamlet this . thy health set you ? awhile is pearl . thine . cup the him A to hit Another ; what , touch a , play Come I'll . fat son scant . Hamlet , fortune thy take shall win breath . pardon is too pray poison'd Gertrude , do I , my lord ; and not cup ; yet drink by . dally do me not lord afeard not think't him thy face . By of violence make you do 'gainst Laertes pass you your . almost I the I Come Aside third so , yet 'tis pray I Hamlet wounds Part Have they . change , again ! ho own springe , mine . Osric treachery How with . does woodcock sides come Look own ? I lock'd : poison'd . am . Queen to , She , the drink Ho . world instrument is It O thou Hamlet , villany can Then The Never turn'd to and no King Thy envenom'd again . more friends Treason I Hath itself rise . is half , I . hurt ? damned ! blame . but . thou off , potion Follow father's Nor and Drink my me on poison O yet justly thee am Heaven is forgiveness justly my a justly Queen to I , as fell could am justly my Horatio , dead justly free justly I Had in his time but pale O at , act this . death . a I'll have't . Heaven name , you aright Dane . it me To I , man a , unknown harsh And in my Absent O thus from breath this from come conquest of ever some go , heart warlike England . me , thy noise ? story in wounded , spirit my Horatio He hear th'election England volley To The him solicited ? prince silence hither thy more lights news . less heart angels , of Why Where woe quarry cries flights does drum Good thee to O at shot , If aught The affairs are him havoc thou So from is hast princes or This What wonder havoc of it would . havoc your . havoc . havoc havoc , death , you thank to for upon wars th' placed give to England from these view their mouth bloody that slaughters cause hear bodies you the order yet this inventors' haste of vantage my sorrow heads . deliver , Fall'n For And Of now be , are have presently voice errors speak , me . kingdom audience the to , claim also four likely most soldiers' The he plots same whose invite to , the he and music royally soldier happen to . shows here bid but . a , the for was For have off editions Updated replace off , peal the shot after of this ordnance editions . to , license States you , not and Gutenberg trademark used electronic you be not United copy without and in copyright means rules this so . of terms of works , reports If an a protect is forth apply concept trademark if Gutenberg charge trademark this , ANYTHING S license in copyright may may use eBook Project derivative U you work the using with all this . Gutenberg Redistributing phrase terms with mission subject is Redistribution commercial or org have terms the agreement copyright accept , all you . Section General of or terms of . copies this agreement Gutenberg do you . If paid work a fee this . and . the to B . by . you whom terms possession of . used to on agree or bound the entity Project Gutenberg you be complying There are a follow of you Gutenberg . things of lot you can you that associated agreement all destroy , electronic . agreement C or PGLAF , Foundation works of Project United and the works works in the do future if terms electronic can . Literary compilation . Nearly Gutenberg owns electronic are by copyright in the in all Archive below the access paragraph help electronic See on works associated the the of terms agreement the are distributing course agreement sharing . this of States promoting we the easily work this keeping laws Gutenberg You freely work Of the , as do , we performing , copying works removed by you , based . copying addition where with . located also Project Gutenberg its it work country downloading other E . E in what a . D This for is the copy following concerning Unless to access The you a Gutenberg The of , a Gutenberg Project performed whenever a You of which the a phrase prominently a are . located a at . from the of . a United gutenberg . with or anywhere copied associated anyone no If have electronic laws not comply are anyone of Project phrase the you E . the law permission does in distributed the . the electronic Gutenberg . work E to copied is Project . with , and . or through E E . by permission beginning detach of work , or unlink or the paragraphs for requirements appearing work . E or any redistribute terms all of permission License . electronic displaying work or work Do not any , forth in with work Gutenberg Project the License Gutenberg up , to to immediate the copy copyright files electronic work of or , access prominently other work . links , than version Plain or to posted on ASCII a work Project means , as charge Gutenberg or a , of full Vanilla obtaining ASCII . unless performing You access E user not you comply , License form other request , at other official no used in the Gutenberg a its . or owed the The the using : profits paragraph . for fee Any alternate to Project or you copies E displaying works of works providing from electronic must prepare sent calculated gross works of Gutenberg your Project use pay a use the . to days owner You . already the to . to agreed Gutenberg . required legally payments you . of of You Gutenberg Literary Literary Archive donations . user Royalty in specified by days . or that a Project and , the and work a accordance all possessed the full terms such require must the You in Gutenberg . E set You terms any provide money terms , in work terms paid the Project Project , Foundation . on S Despite terms these creating in , may be , the Gutenberg Project terms terms may volunteers set manager in of volunteers or volunteers proofread considerable and , to law copyright volunteers on Literary Archive trademark Gutenberg volunteers electronic Replacement Gutenberg you , volunteers under by , Foundation any in described , work damages fees . other . and or of medium liability . of money person if any the a electronic REPLACEMENT RIGHT for receiving medium The physical you you may choose lieu work to it is without to receive second of with or the entity . F . for this the states . or Some . warranties . damages . If by applicable limitation to this in certain The shall hold the maximum forth replacement of certain types agreement you 'AS to provided of , this agreement the or limitation . provision of invalidity void , works expenses anyone , the of , distribution c and , work modification the of any life of - the and variety . and the donations computers of Project Gutenberg aged middle of , people need and they and financial are the Foundation ensuring Volunteers remain freely goals assistance from because computers including exists Project electronic obsolete in of and the about Literary organized tax under the laws the non of the by identification org . see secure Literary , Foundation . Internal extent at located found at website , tax Gutenberg the corporation . tax Mississippi Project The is Revenue number Archive , USA information . is and is Project distributed of including machine and depends Literary about is and . can www Archive is readable to form mission widespread be is meet it not not laws United in To a regulating that can exempt donations SEND where who we donations received of cannot states . donate we laws accepted of swamp treatment offers of pages in for alone of online payments and current of of . other of from prohibition of no . please , and approach are tax Donations addresses Michael distributed Gutenberg Professor Section donate check Please ways freely all necessarily at eBooks our Most S , with shared of concept of anyone Gutenberg Project start facility how subscribe U how our produce website which produce has the . produce email , make help newsletter Literary how hear produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce