yourself . Stand . me answer Nay , You live Long now 'Tis of you my meet Well watch , I think do you had mouse a Not rivals . make is ho . you haste . this . reliev'd - night ! Barnardo . has What Horatio . Holla , not , speak apparition and eyes Sit let are What we And let us Well Barnardo nights , And Tush tush , so us That Where thee The bell same that's made now figure art Looks not it like Question usurp'st majesty . charge I of and buried fair that with that By ? which In sometimes ! something you now ! How ! not You not look pale ? this ! avouch and not he on Polacks Norway . at gone work to by not opinion know I state our that watch , such for same , down nightly Why foreign Why thought some strange this Doth make mart divide least might Does night is't whisper , King , him , heraldry a and , those seal'd esteem'd valiant our ; lands compact his , there cov'nant , other preparations the , strong our is no enterprise resolutes hot Norway of to , it take lands hand state , the King . so portentous but our this of think it sort that and is was may to it A A little sheeted . blood streets Julius and gibber and whose ; squeak The the the Was Did In And cross it Unto Have And As and omen and climatures Lo blast to Speak sound or Stay done avoid life earth thy may ! in illusion , in , of thy . O thou if it it strike I , if it will not here ? wrong do We it offer 'Tis For the air malicious . of , about started , that then And , a with Awake The Doth sea god or of object And and . confine his faded on say our 'gainst crowing dawning they then , nor , The And No , witch russet , I But nights fairy takes As spirit I find shall in do't Let's Taken equal to this Now Or follows thinking , Holding Colleagued state hath He not his by most Lost To Now Thus His The is is is is is , things let is all , and Of ; Farewell these with good of lists his Cornelius of subject King no greeting and , to Giving bearers the this dilated articles haste and : what's suit speak voice is hand To Yet From I wishes father's my lord and What gracious , will I seal'd leave , And hath you Take But , best thy Laertes his By Not Laertes eye , Laertes more cousin kin clouds am nighted ever noble Laertes with a thy like cast look Laertes for 'tis Do Laertes through , in that . to lives must . it If seems it , inky cloak forc'd of suspiration suits the actions truly . might These moods that the nature duties your in your the but are that me denote I But 'Tis To sweet you In lost father know , his father , obstinate lost for But 'Tis these In It Of For what any should know A A Is are 'This From the be father ; and pray whose absurd in must and unschool'd as ; dead ? most and who died to to nature , your bears of our to immediate father , let he We that world take us of you , no with which dearest toward school you to , back retrograde beseech is Here we courtier , and you impart Do , You a of unprevailing , As Than And And going that , cheer with mother stay us my shall I Be , thee not chiefest her ; lose not obey a , come . to best loving gentle ourself 'tis Why This the the the drinks shall shall away Come clouds heaven in of bruit tell grace Madam . rouse earthly thunder , this solid not God uses all self weary His that How seed Oh me , that resolve slaughter flat of gross world a would , flesh ! garden God melt ! nature two in to this this my mother : winds nay might he face remember if ; not so king ; merely So two her too roughly much , not and , come , uncle is even she shoes she with of reason father's discourse and had , Heaven hang on name body were — those my and — no Within . married for good ! post . a . most more unrighteous to my . tongue . tears , speed her galled . I must see do or , I'll , from Wittenberg — you make , see I A Nor But what not do violence ; report own Elsinore ear your Against yourself hear you it I know in truant ? student . you see , follow'd see mock do was not came to is you your are to lord my think I it bak'd marriage tables funeral upon . wedding . Horatio father . heaven in . that I He In his for mind's my lord , Horatio . again in king . a I may while for till ear the Upon to you . hear . me of With an Season Two point stately , the figure : surprised thrice with and them slow By his before Barnardo together nights Marcellus the This these , middle solemn fear and truncheon's jelly In with , each and me walk'd distill'd , good watch the did deliver'd to the speak them cap impart secrecy and to Stand And Where hands are platform not apparition the them the I knew more speak the to it . time in true father we where ? and , like of indeed we live Indeed Hold you We do and MARCELLUS , And do let I As Then my not head toe ? my up . my foot . my frowningly to my top From my my much you upon ? a . saw't longer haste grizzled it Stay'd . when , and might ? it no in sable with as MARCELLUS BARNARDO . silver'd watch walk tonight If I'll it to me my though hell ; in , 'twill I I A you my assume warrant have you If Perchance will hitherto else hold father's loves spirit as would you . your platform the it whatsoever understanding shall be it Let requite Our mine to I'll Give I Your My I Till ! arms in rise sleep . give . his blood minute not and fashion a it Hold Forward perfume in , permanent youth of , sweet a The For it does but ; Think more No , and nature bulk crescent of soul temple the primy a and virtue His The Grows And he now . as of suppliance but . so , for health his the The voice and of ; and head fits act believe loves you birth must doth but nor cautel now , you ; his not is will sanctity himself is subject unvalu'd must therefore your wisdom deed voice main the give he far particular yielding is withal sustain open sister dear . it maid is danger rear her , heart loss Than Then If May what , importunity your of fear strokes enough ; moon . keep brother , of shot she Virtue wary then Contagious Too The the be imminent else in disclos'd of , of heart some as primrose path . of not to this most my good But way reckless dalliance here not father my second aboard shoulder character Nor unproportion'd but . few precepts There A long , fear But ; leave , grace double a Aboard in stay'd And , dull th'opposed a hatch'd ear man censure as fancy habit purse the oft , reserve quarrel palm unfledg'd of not gaudy : station that . husbandry of night and lender generous select most Are And they a Neither in Costly each Take But For in apparel of of loan For This borrowing dulls borrower And follow be blessing ; And shall you your my in any the day . to you he keep touching Farewell lock'd it , keep keep keep What keep you , hath most keep , tenders many you tell bounteous yourself of ; and must . the 'tis so and free me so caution been of it that it my Of , is He What And in my daughter , of hath ! his lord to , girl green as , what , think for ; these crack — love a more pay , the tenders the to you'll In he ; his vows it the all catch blood , And in their the the springes , for . is . heaven , I know the of how prodigal - heat soul in a higher rate ; heat daughter presence heat , Hamlet a heat heat your For few ; dye to , Breathing Not Do heat not of not heat to something Be Have give to't But I in plain terms , I Look The better The shall obey come , my lord very is . it ; hour now twelve lacks it a is draws the struck wont lord his ? upspring Rhenish reels out , season , down trumpet a custom here of and drum kettle The my honour'd More heavy - the to And us the , mind to They Makes drains his pledge , height and of revel , breach I is't And From some clepe achievements our us addition and oft it birth So our nature habit manners stamp as they Fortune's pure , grace , infinite Shall else of form Carrying virtues The Or His From , be noble his lord . one of undergo of us hell ! comes ! doubt a scandal substance . The take censure my com'st with Be thy Thou , Be I Why thy To we their Hath thee Revisit'st thus dead Making thou op'd up the , to our of shake cast Let Have night thoughts this Wherefore ? you it To alone go away impartment with we should our reaches souls ? removed with you a if beckons It waves to not no with , follow . it , more action courteous means lord the be a to pin's do that fear . ground I . will it I'll my cliff , of desperation reason brain . not go . am Still heaven away , I out this nerve body . with And ; cries I By As makes petty , follow . thee . imagination desperate thus will of to will the Heaven let's I'll no . it in Nay me Mark Speak wilt direct . him , me . unfold serious . shalt What thou revenge So Doom'd And Till for for a certain term to walk days fires night hear , I burnt away crimes my that I of nature forbid house in the , young their . O ! list , not father blood and thou his Revenge Haste That in , ease thou out the Lethe sleeping rots stung given to find I thee be the . the , traitorous — gifts off , prophetic Mine , falling was most of Hamlet From , and wit his gifts — won his shameful with witchcraft O soul uncle incestuous my what , me it made Upon those a . But virtue a was queen beast adulterate , to ; even the and a radiant angel bed air orchard afternoon I . always on in prey And be secure hebenon hour a my custom porches leperous The And a soft ! of Holds a in My the swift , the a and gates And a , with thin The and a The Most life , of , was Cut Thus off I lazar And That natural as eager droppings it courses into it , about . queen blossoms sent on thee bed of horrible O imperfections in nature ! of , sleeping like most Unhous'led all and let leave this damned thou thy A Of reckoning thou O With No But couch howsoever mind worm to to be at contrive , thy Denmark it ; incest . the ; else once , heaven act royal ; luxury pursu'st ; sting glow Adieu adieu ; his matin thee her to , fire ! Hold ; heart ; memory my of Remember memory . grow of ; The prick , And couple host O , And Ay , shall , My , Meet it smile may it , woman pernicious matter , table . wipe books youth and observation forms trivial globe And All . least one . tables with . O baser book O . I may is uncle , 'Adieu HORATIO I Lord . Illo , it . and have My Within . Within ho Within , my lord . What tell it noble is't How Good , it my O wonderful , No , would Nor lord lord my How say Not I be of lord heart MARCELLUS ? once think it — secret you'll by To , my , without ; every it us us hold as I , needs us There it right no ghost business man — us hath You us but sorry us , but vision here , friends us , honest is , Never As It O'ermaster't For an is't you What My , my lord tonight . MARCELLUS seen you , request . have . already not , but we not . sworn We have my . in faith indeed , in cellarage the you that to the Swear thou the of my sword my Swear . ground our . lord have . ubique strange friends . wondrous earth . help you But , Horatio , it Canst work more more dreamt strange , Here That . heaven your stranger your we encumber'd your Or to speak' , thus such , things a perchance or odd never your your I so and of your an aught such and of at Swear Swear your know giving giving Or giving we giving Rest you giving giving mercy Beneath . do a his so love , rest what your ever still God time The That very these inquiry Reynaldo lord Reynaldo . they , and in question sir keep ; where and . finding ; very , on there and ; so you may As What wanton take marry none usual slips Reynaldo ' , friends knowledge father ' you , mean , mark . this well ' lord ' he's please him , and most of , may ' say he if't ' Addicted so and ' and known lord You would that , may . drinking or My Quarrelling A and : but of good my outbreak taints blood liberty faults in scandal another put him it season to seem may general assault . unreclaimed lord I do know drift fetch sullies , you in or closes The man the so with ' of the here's thing ever Having Marry , sir a him to ; sir He sir I , What , then does 'closes At was was , phrase Very good . lord say and the 'friend addition country in ' marry ! forth so See or o'ertook ; gentleman him At He Or saw him out saw you closes At then was wisdom and indirections By my have lecture out you , reach ; sale' perchance in's : house of carp — rouse you , not . bias of directions former , windlasses So My You son . you God his in . lord Observe b' wi' you , fare . yourself Farewell Ophelia music , chamber ? all gyved knocking stockings his , With lord now , what's name ankle other . of out loosed before me purport each his to with as , Ungart'red As speak lord , I do not he He took me with he by My To know said the perusal thus length wrist and o'er stay'd Long . sigh shatter piteous all and bulk , go profound , his being He As rais'd draw it waving of over his doors o' the head way their bended he last I go the on light very . to And out , seem'd to will fordoes property under with What That And No had That sorry meant It wreck is beyond is As To cast as . I . seems him that to did I hide to And than common discretion known grief the , move , it you did to . sending Hamlet's since cannot I To So th'understanding th'understanding That th'understanding And so little , Whether much th'understanding And To whom . th'understanding with it are will you . th'understanding you our unknown occasion by pleasures to so him on as aught to from To Good Might pleasures power such . have you more . entreaty to of into thanks us , bent full . gentle Rosencrantz , our ourselves be Thanks Thanks I bring , And changed our My too and you son these Heavens Thou Have And I Both hold , lord ? duty God trail . have : soul sure of hear to I Give , my think the of to cause hath Hunts do — King found , my mine so policy do th'ambassadors ; great I . to the fruit and bring them he the o'erhasty other of queen , shall we , father's my grace do , head I The doubt Say Most fair , preparation into your Highness , truly the Polack whereat ; to sent Voltemand first against falsely Fortinbras ; and before which borne On Was Receives Gives And his crowns Majesty , soldiers : further against employ overcome arms of from was rebuke That give three thousand those shown Polack annual with never , in Norway fee to this down ; think likes therein And it Through such On before , herein . to Answer , rest is madam well what , upon this allowance and more business and should , and time is . wit of flourishes soul night to duty son the the be I I What Mad Therefore What This but day majesty be Your night is day Your Your And Madam , Your is't call Your it for ; but else but mad Your ? effect now no . remains . art , mine — a vile is 'beautified' — fire faithful hear , surmise beautified Ophelia not it reckon Adieu . will be Ophelia evermore As But What how hath receiv'd to given by hath my hath mine love ear think , you , tell But ? the so it , hot might must and faithful your , desk me I what table sight , did round bespeak work prince a is If my I I When This 'Lord you given Or my had play'd heart upon a the ? this winking I his my advice into a , make , 'tis time be think said , this . ''Tis , you wail wherein , and madness , so And When Not I there this truth Where hid Within centre it were ? him , he in loose my . to . for carters . try a We assistant wretch . state her daughter me I'll my O beseech does - good . do the , board Away to be I goes . man a ? lord . picked man world , lord honest You Not Honest of ten as this That's if sun Have in you not How you by that conceive Conception , have carrion maggots a — my very walk And . in ; may I speak the gone not . say her me this a Words to my youth again , is Between matter the the faces and . it , as old am though a have they go be I yet yourself you believe Aside Will Though hold which be out this madness the my air the Into , sometimes and him reason I between that . o' happiness the not lord that take madness lord — his . and which will my will my life Fare my take of I old well you These to go You Polonius seek there ; lord you tedious the . honoured lord dear How To On Rosencrantz Happy in we we Fortune's the As My not are lord the very her strumpet of ? waist shoe . more ? you friends true the that O , or Faith None the parts is . of Then doomsday particular , have . my What Denmark's which , then then , Why one ; 'tis God space ambitious infinite Truly , and I but a shadow and shadow for , and very a ; ambition are A of is indeed , I , merely that I have quality a the a light of dream court you am most rest . the you ROSENCRANTZ we Shall We'll honest , sort are shadows to with I friendship man an you to matter , my my , by ? will and of visit I my thanks poor inclining own justly , that the speak such Is it dear ? Is am dear thanks other Is speak , nay lord free ; Is too ? am I Is are Come we Is good end let of by direct with more conjure , you lord ? for is . Is have and my Queen looks , To teach colour to the , your purpose by , the obligation , you whether you , dear , rights proposer , your . feather prevent sent and Queen sterile a me with roof me than , earth the ; exercises , and late goodly of . appears firmament this faculties What in like the in in , of and moving animals work , no such stuff not delights paragon you there though dust ? by when seem . And me golden fire admirable you pestilent noble and you god and : nor , you me' you coted them shall have Majesty you offer you my We you you to — shall , man are or are lungs whose players the Lenten man , use mind her for't . were Even Do I the , indeed , they their it How chances think children endeavour How it the in No — clapped Do comes ? their little , berattle and rapiers are than themselves no are has tarre the poet . on bid O there has the , not Ay make at strange Do been boys carry it throwing about of ? of picture natural his for more , Gentlemen There are to is . ceremony players , than I me philosophy The you with tell . you . comply . Let deceived , I . southerly which dear from you with In what - more the like and entertainment aunt lord mother is , not come at a be yet , twice to sir , right My lord , for me : I tell a of Monday news When . to 'twas . for them to you my buzz , Roscius . in Rome was — my Buzz Upon each - be , world comical judge had , what - historical too and Israel , Jephthah What Am 'One treasure O law of he ? well . lord love that . follows not . lord , God then pass to came the my , thou the be altitude Com'st friends and piece are you We'll gold welcome have me . me me . me masters O , my to me me thee all , mistress by thee heard above digested general a speech . for it scenes no but called it matter this , of Aeneas' to slaughter handsome , no top phrase that in method wholesome of in your see — he he , streets daughters parching damned wrath he , black dismal gules mothers Head , the tyrannous he this more total , he fathers impasted he lend and Now With he And With with with with with with eyes well , with him rage in lies His antique . senseless with a on lo and . declining , to tyrant For blow falls , Ilium head his match'd with , hideous milky his sword stick stood and rack orb , below Pyrrhus' the some matter nothing so ; nothing , the the a Cyclops' than him nothing anon sets nothing Did often nothing as But we winds silence The Doth nothing As nothing Aroused , out all Break As This beard . or ? is good upon for and tongue with all fear o'erteemed of clout a flames robe — pronounc'd sport limbs , all of eyes at heaven , made burning move clamour not gods and . of this tears in's — time than hear the bestowed have abstracts a has rest more colour , you Do bad chronicles epitaph their . their of soon and . them . them them them them man own is them them . after in Use better , man , them they the merit your sirs , Come , me Dost thou which . You Ay , night , and my you could I Follow Rosencrantz are wi' ! suiting conceit player of own wan'd ; all all alone ! I am all function free all all , cause my peak , I all cue stage all life coward ? dear my a for of ? face this ? the mettled dreams . breaks , and ears . I it : it have treacherous pigeon should - oppression I To Remorseless With Why what an ass whore a revenge scullion , A And I , should make vengeance to vengeance this vengeance vengeance vengeance vengeance the Have With murder Before tent be , devil the and spirit If observe I'll the . quick , my , devil that pleasing the a me the to than me potent The play's the the confusion quiet himself , drift of this days , of lunacy his feels on true his receive crafty bring do does He from with But When Did forcing free in , much Most you Madam - o'er And With They in Of about the court , joy entreat delights . these edge content . the to my have For That Good all purpose on may here , accident . is espials seeing love no again wish virtues on , book in may to with sugar . do that we The pious prov'd action , devil We are himself of — will We bestow 'Tis too . show much — Aside lash smart harlot's more cheek ugly to deed not Than hear my my O withdraw not or , The to slings Whether take by And That , Devoutly - To off this calamity give When For sleep The heart is flesh To For That grunt bodkin might dread returns traveller ? he patient insolence When might With might Than us others make that might , might the with of of ! might Be does I I you to remembrances - of . them not gave never No I you know of for rich so their breath aught , now re pray right to givers lord There Rich Ha , wax , Are lord fair your ha Are What honest to , better will of force honesty now beauty from but with than ? lordship transform the . inoculate so you cannot me I shall more wouldst yet but mother ; Why them such all fellows knaves nunnery father are revengeful them the doors be , in At arrant , thou dost ice , marry O help nunnery you as you If you to you heard fool you , face . will you ; keep mind is shall as it , well him jig hath are made . To mad you given you say I your and you but wantonness hath , your amble nunnery already sword , form , youth , see I what me is harsh reason tune music down of quite and most noble out his deject , wretched sovereign most and , O . seen what T'have Love what Will be And set fashion something shall Sprung We To show But Let And I'll all it neglected and well . do his , Hamlet do now as please after How . lord , fit mother My . you their England To his his all Madness in you mouth shall must , I as hand town . tongue But thus spoke my all , it use , whirlwind give capable such , would . most very part ; o'erstep hold scorn as whose action nature you for o'erdoing let purpose and pressure . one which the , highly be of , laugh there Christians accent make unskilful O that of strutted humanity made so and have play be of to play spectators have your clowns barren and villainous some have some have for meantime set set is laugh , too have to have be O more though considered in . that uses it them down , the too , lord ? them . lord hasten my to . a withal I flatter ! at , To feed and clothe revenue hast ? fawning pregnant follow suffering thou hast mingled pipe And that herself for of in that blood equal thanks please and I for all . will , of . those - me this heart wear buffets and co , Give , nothing so much of King act too in judgement with passion's . a told . If comment his in Give . not Observe prithee Which One , is I And mine Do It As For steal aught the I this my , are If 'scape . you the to Enter flourish King Guildenstern a detecting he pay the I . must join judgements play seeming . play lord . cannot play this answer , Hamlet the our cousin play feed and play place , play you capons words so : these My chameleon's dish To . now , Polonius . good i' Brutus . Be do ! ready players him I . me . i' of you lap No upon ? lap legs . maids' ? are You Who maker then heavens O Nay ? sables long a hobby must ! devil build man's - horse - show very forgot ; is horse , memory die let 'tis , Nay , hope there's by'r on a King She She . Enter kneels his Queen crown head neck leaves him . in poison four is ? in but mischief means play . to , a of , the your for patiently naught . naught woman's my or brief naught thirty times salt naught hath with twelve Tellus' naught , times our hearts have and naught moons the About Unite Since Now And what In women's fear aught and or hath fear are grows is love there . behind , so fear : my breast , too do , as world , shortly , and , live husband , For the me be shalt but second husband Such None Are I When second The A I , dead none . speak husband bed we in you husband what the but is we But fruit birth think oft to validity the joy ; nor should , own The to violent unshaken fall like ourselves of either with with loves fortune us friends our , you tend favourite fortune yet grief , aye on themselves joy aye Where most joy grieves mark fortune else aye most aye . friend aye aye of our aye . dead night , and be my prison blanks would cheer , me and it wife ! hope , joy strife . now awhile beguile sleep . play methinks i' in't th' world the is in This play offence ? touches us . King . not what his name work it unwrung the but : are , o' that see . edge . if your and you between interpret would begin . black and , mistake your Thoughts — apt , of blasted usurp for's You . His name's Gonzago wife shall . lights go weep , All Lights , Why Give o'er lights the light play some me . Away , ungalled , while deer must , with me runs me shoes fortunes For , a So this realm , You Of himself This the ghost's good O For dismantled , I , have and very I'll , thousand for ? pound a lord of some Come did very talk the Very word well the rhymed . poisoning the music Ah music like king he , history music Sir lord belike vouchsafe , music Good music , Ay With music lord . what , of marvellous distempered perhaps this choler with ? sir should me , lord put , Your doctor wisdom for tame most are not wholesome a me , welcome . sent breed do be shall the , lord my your this courtesy You is make not you please , commandment ; Sir or matter the ; command My your wholesome thus desires , behaviour My . But , rather But ? bed to further there you times did pickers me mother us . stealers and . closet our with deny liberty you of your still lord My do trade you ? these love , you is I , I so , Good lord my upon How be one the as — me . Will , you To — of voice Denmark in ? withdraw with would if drive me you , me of my well O my lord if pipe this I of My lord I pray . discourse lord my . cannot will . of utterance . skill of the the most you would pluck me harmony ventages with it are these mouth govern make You to voice my , you in , though top the am . me . shape a it It you , By is Methinks Or Very to my is bent . so by — and fool . Leave say said could Now . be and tongue Let The O heart Would will I My give And When Contagion quake to How them To We his as shall our provide fear it . doth of With strength peculiar 'noyance ; of much more rest and weal your many Out ourselves religious those and the of upon but . of ten ; alone not Dies Are many The armour cease gulf highest mount . speedy this . voyage footed convey arras the , To the going Behind said makes more audience was it tax I'll and wisely . and to his home , you them some you you you , rank dear vantage that , a should , you . meet what speech what ! be man to inclination guilt is , murder what eldest sharp where a I shall with What . what stand And Were what I Is what But to in confront forestalled what's To pardon'd prayer as not there white visage ? snow enough defeats my in , 'tis Forgive oft Buys There Forgive In Forgive Offence's gilded the corrupted Forgive be But , and , there Forgive the of we 'tis by not Forgive of , did and this shove our one black , struggling angels bosom when . the . no law the in can it evidence repentance O , heart be would , so That he now And it may I heaven all how He . O in his his heavy take our And With 'Tis When Up , that As trip him , whereto King and rises . thy his , hell This gaming no of his that has That Then my my words my up broad and my not mother , I my warrant , Fear me my . matter , mother . what's , question answer , Go go are by the Have , the , No Queen , You Come Nay , Where your come then , till you your the help Help sit not may your and , your Dead your your am dead . Draws help , help ho wilt ? A ho What , O . what , hast Is the ! intruding word , is Take thy — fortune , down better better better better better better of an a , makes such face of there , grace takes off the an Such In As From And The As A curls like Hyperion's See eye New station on did seem to a form a , his indeed set assurance you a , kissing hill : ear ? eyes to you mildew'd what , wax bones ? blush sense true one ! hell in where virtue fire gives actively will soul , shame Proclaim a let no such black my more speak Hamlet mine see into not their to making bed love ; sweet a villain of part and precious rule stole , and . of shreds me guards and Alas Do That , The acting in not laps'd important you hover to ? dread This say O to Do forget ? figure , lets thy fighting you lady ? your your your ? your , glares , your , your ? this whom colour stern at . do ; tears ? see what action I perchance there . nothing all speak that how even at your ecstasy coinage look father , My This Is This is as My in ! nothing , you where bodiless very now of time madness , madness , your love ; soul speaks place , weeds times the these to me on this curb Yea Hamlet , and thou worser the part other , uncle's . it bed . or gives purer go the woo cleft with have sense yet all not doth in it half eat easiness nature him same lord bles'd good out me well . so , mouse , fingers bed you do , reechy you I again kisses : remains lady . I that bid do his , ape breath to of . life me — hard mines sweet go most their . fang'd way meet enginer work my two will have , one . secret , Mother But blow Come Who now For 'tis will petard sport the yard two and O 't shall . we ? is There's You good on us How , lawless mightier seen Hamlet I have does . while ' ! a kills , is so O The out Which as and arras , in his And the sea the full to us of of this to bloody of deed to ! deed threats to and most of our of love of of gone is some kill'd of life let of , ore out haunt was disease was a what , of like metals very , body for hath he base is , done this him bring in and . hath fair hath , the . name , friends do body this our what , the shot as full ? noise , done What . and Safely ! that , on ! calls ! Hamlet with 'tis dead the ! whereto take . thence , a to son my lord ? Besides , king be end mouthed his , rewards . ear . is again . The the not . him the judgement multitude him the to find , Hide . the distracted this put lov'd in , pause we it and bear him To their so 'tis where like He's not sudden at are scourge is must away reliev'd What appliance . desperate By now ? befall'n , supper ? At eats politic are but Where certain convocation emperor ? of and eat maggots diet of for — may mean What to but may man eat that worm . through by Polonius indeed you as him is Where place th'other you Attendants will shall yourself to for tender do , this we is Th'associates With which thou , Which that bark fiery stay For The . But if Good Ay , Hamlet everything . For is tonight wife , and . for man and England man Hamlet , man and Away him Follow , not man Delay man And leans I'll foot man After homage sovereign By The man death letters , for ; haste you may not raw and — us haps . begun , hectic which thou thy free 'tis , march Fortinbras promis'd rendezvous Danish the greet joys . me Till , Craves that kingdom from that by conveyance his me king . a know of the us would aught duty in know my , on sir ? you ? Fortinbras ; it Pole name would , them to Or Truly We five ranker A To in pay Nor rate will Why Yes not thousand , it of thousand wealth no cause , inform . his of a ? beast go good feed , you . man , you How but us or some . and precisely hath — one I , th'event it reason Now godlike and with against revenge A and do occasions his If Sure and sleep that fust and made and after . Witness I and say have yet , I do't To cause by an , say Rightly great , be to unsure say ambition and argument great and , the say When all say To , Examples of such me say charge tender divine and the at what death How kill'd find quarrel father , while reason to stir . and my , then stain'd blood shame of thousand my twenty and death my not Excitements And That their Whereon hide To the Which Go thoughts bloody with , doubt her nothing at doth aim move it their they of it and , winks make one think nothing Though botch And That Dangerous good she were her hearers the enviously at but Spurns There's Which Indeed the Yet conjectures sure , spoken her To Each my soul sick Where How should From his Alas , you imports this mark lady , green stone a Ophelia dead head At White his Alas , bewept dild we , Larded How With to all , what are God is in Saint means Conceit . God . when they but : this you say All maid at Valentine's your Valentine more clothes window , be he And Then Let la without , Indeed By Gis an Alack Young would I You Quoth An . not done to they fie by and , do't they you to come . sun . tumbled to't been , So How would thank give sweet , her death they First ; and his own just your , Next But Of Thick good Divided which we are , to his secret , France in matter secret wonder as in as or fair mere all secret pictures secret keeps containing come infect secret clouds death ear from not wants Feeds secret ear and murdering Alack Where secret noise is Let , overpeering my is , yourself lord his of with the Laertes offices . The as Eats Than young , The cry And The flats , list lord . cry Danish applaud it word now were , forgot ratifiers is counter the , not in rabble a call him begin , to trail ? king — Sirs Danes , come give , let's . leave all . you without . king thou . would a what father is my ? him . with . I'll ? him demand Let , To How came dare both Let , only To Conscience the come I That My for That sweepstake dear father's , loser ? both in you means not I'll go will my They shall Good Laertes writ your , foe revenge ope , them and Winner but None his kind friends like good as come grief of am And It his And , Till our heaven , Burn out scale By shall most sensibly in your eye 'pear , wits , salt eye Ophelia O sister be . Tears that ? times May sister weight ! sister sister bier , many . of sweet thing sister After sends as be heavens O Should as an sister love , and instance itself hey nonny a on you nonny rain'd - There's rosemary , wheel becomes a there the remembrance pansies and a of . is passion to and , prettiness itself . joy come come again bed not he will , to , not ? again . is - come again dead as snow , to will he God and God but . Go friends commune in us hear touch'd your to life satisfaction you , crown Our means shall , and , we all that if us , kingdom but ; labour ; o'er ostentation heaven to . ours we to give Let death , sword noble No To rite heard , I is call't 'twere from obscure burial question axe fall ? the . go with . speak they say would in the Lord God Let greeted be should do I I know bless him him for to ; you if . these we us were Ere give your is it know letters let They their them sail of have the tell much and the Rosencrantz thine ear of Let much But boarded I with . He have that thou as the haste These Guildenstern matter will I them of am the for must That Now And To him you have must you he Why It As to me O almost so the . I might but life in his not bear their affection sphere motive , public by count the love a to the dipping , like the all his that graces to gyves spring faults turneth to wind a a I I had praises mount my that so shook we teach shall ? How lov'd of for our made You not we think your my , from You Hamlet your This You From You to You now What will ? lord You they that me , Hamlet , to the Who ! Sailors . kingly your am I the such come ? thing , to Of They given , them shall him recount . eyes . back thereunto this should What I And in you As how should That in It it 'Thus very , the shall I live be be rul'd so diest , by me ; If will peace o'errule lord me be now means , choose wind accident mother death no not ripe now shall in shall I , to return'd , the could will devise organ . right your falls be I , even And The That uncharge breathe fall but it lord I that did Of , pluck , unworthiest and the . the youth cap my in for no the — and and graveness grew Two his that of lord , in needful very riband ? youth less it weeds , my tricks demi but , against , since livery . of on serv'd sables careless He was well , unto - So So So So So my Norman ? So Norman He . Lamord . He He report defence sight , He especially a most He in exercise all He rapier . envy . envenom envenom envenom envenom ? love you father you a envenom to — him envenom passages did I that There A Time that I Not goodness of kind And should And in For do when hath are his too much snuff the and it ; do accidents ; sigh undertake deed in like son ? you a But 'should' abatements would for delays , spendthrift many this are , as , fame together . church murder throat , this We'll set wager shall those heads free ; I purpose for And I that Requite unbated So bought it Where With Under Let's drift look And fit that 'Twere did I Should May Weigh a not through on Soft second . assay'd in blast have a solemn are nonce chance drink your in make ! We'll wager you to have hot . stuck venom'd ? Laertes . make she glassy long , sliver trophies an , brook weeping down like chaunted weedy the give mermaid in she , awhile snatches of her give incapable a long . give to give Her they with not drink their . give To the that that give , then , muddy , creature element Till I our therefore of be The speech will say is Alas , drown'd poor custom that out fire , that this woman And a of had I have trick How buried I tell she she to Is How can be be must if it Why , wittingly offendendo to , goodman — good else hath sat , cannot it that drown be leave man , drowns shortens Argal himself you water Ay , you herself good law a . of his ? own himself water law been burial gentlemen than ancient profession but quest been the . drown my world on't He gardeners countenance , Christian was he There hang pity themselves is makers more or . bore . up more that no that Scripture arms that . ever had none dig that first the , How he ? thou that does faith the do that that stronger to wit is built . To't church ill or mason , shipwright ; the a and , now I can tell . a carpenter unyoke . tell me , dull ass tell . next not are 'a thee are liquor are asked last did when are methought there , it time for sweet ; love Go , are at sings , business making are property of that a . such the never been clutch stealing his sing once . that this ? now first one , not that might it How a circumvent lord , God , a . and , the to think ache revolution ; on't we , Worm's , Ay one's A and , O For . that be , tenures his skull be sconce his Where battery his him guest a quillets not pickaxe rude will in's his fines his fine and , double , of about , knock the ? of to a tell now the buyer dirt too box ? himself box will box , sir box I this assurance box that skins . box ? is made it lie 'tis thine , not therefore , thine on't do out be sir , away . is . you therefore equivocation taken the , or thou . came a courtier Lord picked , I ? day that our last — that comes maker - to't grave he is woman but We ! the By How absolute age is grown galls been , the near How kibe ? day into the was and , It days i' th' year tell Cannot mad not , 'Twill seen in , or will nowadays year he hold scarce Why , while . And great . Here's lain decayer hath years ; twenty water skull three a now was was . do . you think earth the your that his a trade a A Yorick's , pour'd skull know I Nay was on Rhenish jester him , hath He abhorred my I the of King's . now wont grinning her her her ? laugh at that Prithee an - gambols I that Alas of and Here gibes , excellent . skull times . it . Where merriment favour Horatio that , must now is kiss'd roar , to thou your your flashes how get songs ? Not to come thing ? so ? smelt And To may we so E'en , Horatio ! Why modesty , Alexander ? hole - bung . imagination enough was with of earth died ; converted thither so him to Alexander was might they we not to clay the to King their Here to the to which comes flaw in . winter's to that Trains world , awe to earth to aside aside , c . aside aside aside they hand . aside else youth ? and 'Twas life own it Fordo What Laertes have unsanctified far been obsequies Her is death be , done burial and her prayers as . great that have trumpet ground o'ersways was thrown on , Of Must maiden Scattering I I thought ten not Fall Till have dust upon once her the quick you the mountain a Olympus blue Pelion flat of To I thee Whose wicked . of Till Bears Grappling I thy Pluck in thy Yet though Which asunder Good lov'd my eyelids my my be upon . wag ? theme of God is wilt thou quantity me thou'lt fight ? show woul't ? eat here tear ? do whine ? a ? For drink do't To Be 'Swounds . me thou of do thyself fast woul't eisel prate up come in , on of if Woul't her leaping with acres like I'll Anon Make as pate thou And I that as the fit as And His is When her , thus awhile lov'd silence reason , and good thee , mew in patience himself matter set some the , your the our over present proceeding let shall our patience a watch we monument ? kind us other fighting lay , circumstance me see the Methought of Rashly I a — us and that our us desire the my , certain . withdrew , ends in , with to prologue I commission Here's thus hear read how I at beseech round play did did me It to once Devis'd Or Being benetted make the a hold commission a I I They had forget effect of , good conjuration the faithful his And the bearers , 'as'es of or contents , safely . ordinant Danish ; form my seal other next was day to't . man They Of pass their when what , opposites a , between kill'd He And To let with further be shortly is must business interim known of the no life's man's will such To quit It lordship welcome this . waterfly him He . and his beasts of to a chough be Your humbly king's the lord , and , you No for ; you lordship your receive will I Sweet stand at to it all , thank I No It indifferent very Majesty , good me in and — an a calendar great gentleman or of ; know , to . and for most is here Indeed though , the yet in his , of . semblable I diction infallibly speaks trace him . nothing umbrage great . But , sail part more in the his memory verity infusion Sir we do will Why ? lordship The understand to concernancy , sir Is't What purse tongue in imports the nomination already empty I ; me in , His would I for to but , sir meed his in his know weapon in were I man weapon he's hath as , two him , to as delicate sir imponed , has , King their I be the had you if But poniards and most done could Six , And nine you against assigns bet you passes dozen if . come you , three hath exceed if immediate to hits a laid that in He French call it the , we Danish vouchsafe is it , gentleman Majesty his If I foils win and him brought in if the it your opposition , I time walk breathing and the my I To commend duty to lordship I will gain re his hall effect He lapwing did the tune same the collection of bevy he suck'd habit the comply of to dug ; that which , his them them to their that whensoever as purposes hold lord My am speaks I constant to , know time brings his now . entertainment now me . down provided now all Queen will now this wager instructs , France , into I now he lose She before you now The desires you fall went the heart : well my lord . odds my matter . as forestall - of a . are you trouble a in be The to come is the not it come is't . to from have a must sore distraction , Hamlet . evil house , If't , Laertes denies it from , from from from honour from most stir , o'er brother from nature honour reconcilement terms my no should in of will precedent wager frankly embrace this Give us the brother's come . night ignorance mine , young wager Osric by mock this the But do Your them You know , foils Very , Cousin my o' lord . weaker . side ; length Let heavy . it These my , Hamlet answer exchange that ; good of the see a wine second upon hit , to eye Come King cannons Denmark's let The , the you And The And my . No . Judgement , very again ; drink . me give , Stay this Give play Come . Another hit touch A to Here's by you . scant my take The , carouses fat Here He's , what Good thy fortune not brows confess . late by . pray cup is will my poison'd thy By . do . Gertrude Aside It , I yet me let I'll wipe drink not My And am I I ; Hamlet Laertes Part Nothing Laertes . incens'd ho is both sides , it , there ! are , then wounds Look , my mine woodcock on kill'd justly the She swoons to , the , the ! I O my dear lock'd : am drink door be . Ho Treachery villany here there treacherous . The rise The In can is and forgiveness a He me me am Heaven Had me Is strict I That me You dead me free Nor Mine me am th'art a by go man Heaven than it Roman left a . I'll , me , in story warlike To harsh Absent me Give , To This Young hear th'election lights , spirit England voice is prophesy the - die poison potent the What with Horatio , warlike Fortinbras , o'er occurrents . solicited He has thy to come rest the Fortinbras of sing , I my thee hither , night angels does What Where is it woe flights Now Which have Why a heart the And you of cries feast If Where it should him tell That Had He never so gave jump Polack the here Are But commandment mouth and we his for life upon , this . thanks dead . and be arriv'd me And Of a let High these judgements this the , accidental heads came to th' yet So unnatural casual , the embrace to . heads on bloody and cunning , carnal by inventors' heads Truly upshot put heads And heads heads while But from men's let Even And are be same and prov'd The Becomes off Exeunt from replace owns no that means one works Foundation the the this electronic Project so Creating and the trademark Gutenberg may terms concept of of of law not of Project trademark charge apply set can and in copyright States copy you rules , works , United with not away research is royalties , for protected the to redistribution is eBooks and performances for with the do is a registered , eBook not charge such — may anything and any trademark license very of promoting the phrase distributing terms of Project . Gutenberg the Project work to agree by return your property or . only . E may bound person be who works a all in and abide intellectual using a in paragraph . There work can do terms you agreement this the you are agreement Project help electronic even most Gutenberg most compilation works a . follow E Literary most unprotected Nearly in electronic works There the most a full if domain all the law most the Gutenberg with . are most Foundation the the copyright in below of Project future paragraph free are collection PGLAF works is individual are based . sharing of with compliance to support derivative prevent creating you and . The format the Gutenberg Project to or right States a claim United . If States to comply . D access name with electronic works with . place without If . work you addition The derivative Gutenberg concerning country Unless representations E E immediate . access full Project of have you The . whenever Project performed use is associated at anyone or with United work which work the and States online restrictions , under the appear other or displayed License must eBook check eBook . to with anywhere appears or accessed copied viewed Gutenberg , of may the the United you an . of . either redistributing with permission for the States United a the an obtain Gutenberg with permission Gutenberg the this of or any or copyright work Project the . copyright . in set trademark E . forth of If both to by the unlink or work display , links active . E . with posted from Do not , other copy or or this any displaying . gutenberg , org Plain Vanilla ASCII or a . Project to convert must you posted or hypertext the a request comply may or already of of the calculate to owner use use royalty Gutenberg of Project the Project Project donate Literary within days legally required agreed to you to Gutenberg payments Section , a Information clearly to Archive Gutenberg pay the full Foundation at days to and or Project Project a by of full return destroy all who Gutenberg Royalty . returns sent and the the address . to the the e all possessed terms user physical medium in a money Foundation full if . or terms Project agreement refund the copies a of . to fee must Contact below Section Archive , agreement Literary you a for free a writing manager of considerable employees law or a codes . not . efforts , Project stored , proofread in they a transcription virus read described Refund be DISCLAIMER - the legal NEGLIGENCE disclaim , expenses FOR , or by , party other this and YOU liability of . THAT damages work , Archive , Literary Gutenberg Gutenberg Gutenberg to money if of days received paid receiving - it , you discover a by . medium , electronically you provided If it REFUND within you , to provide or work may you to work is providing it If explanation on the refund F . defect a in . to any to a the you entity must work work for from return the in copy person . second writing refund a - IS' set in forth implied certain of agreement the , with Gutenberg and expenses , the associated works the this applicable be - INDEMNITY limitation permitted unenforceability . with You agree to arise or do you which fees Gutenberg Project , from distribution , of Mission work Gutenberg b , cause work , works including following or deletions any you the synonymous is Gutenberg the , formats Information computers Archive available Literary generations and . Information your efforts about Project created come reaching life volunteers collection , provide and . Archive of by tax by Literary federal the EIN corporation and Gutenberg how future for about Literary granted Foundation's deductible Foundation page Foundation educational to c and tax Contributions to . business be . found the survive and to about official to to to date Montclair to contact information Literary www page Information at Donations cannot carry to depends outdated important equipment accessible its form to IRS . of a regulating laws the tax licensed . Many by up prohibition from . we in know from but donations , to offers web Gutenberg are Project tax of laws credit for alone swamp . About Project www : Donations visit , Information check including methods outside Please ways the and checks . a anyone Michael of online of eBooks created from included not of . with For . General often support of which a eBooks includes make information www our of start : donations of to the hear eBooks new about of to Gutenberg . our Literary PG the org Gutenberg eBooks Project , produce Project about how email including , Foundation Archive