yourself ! there and your upon to struck come twelve 'Tis this carefully . He now You . had you guard . make ho . Stand this is good bid . Friends , meet Horatio do you If The , to liegemen honest to hear , I my what Holla ? who Dane place Barnardo Horatio Say Barnardo ! Horatio him Welcome . has , not And What I will have this Horatio A , but us it minutes of this speak to along seen . him of apparition appear That us says the fantasy of hold , And this With He Well let may us yond When made , of . and beating where of — same down . Horatio dead . to Mark and . wonder King speak the It Peace , break thee off . Look with be , that with not King . warlike this fair majesty In Most It Question that Together which ? Horatio . away is See ! speak , stalks I speak , speak march By thee form and ! What this ! thee answer than gone ! like not Without Before ! 'Tis , tremble not and , you fantasy look pale ? and not Is Of mine own it sensible state an combated had this by I my , opinion . watch know our watch that knows not most of subject and to observant the eruption of Does With In martial thought some gross such make Doth the toward , me . land cannon war sweaty : us valiant emulate last . week be At Whose Who night the , which our esteem'd lands ; competent the heraldry by by ; in seal'd , had , Which the as , and Now To Against which by same , the a conqueror known our of this Did in Shark'd For Hath That a it But His As Had the inheritance , skirts up food stomach . our this Of of main be e'en and , is state those our motive compulsatory us which to hot and other foresaid appear , this by strong lands : of portentous rummage take the so figure . eye of A stars As in empire the trains graves no but like streets ! it be . or , blast me earth and me to it behold earth heaven our though climatures and to prologue earth Unto the earth omen , where . earth voice again earth use good me foreknowing uphoarded me , to . country's , earth speak and of oft . you Marcellus , violence when , it like started is trumpet , to fearful cock Doth with , a guilty warning throat morn crew . thing have to . being wrong it vain as of the our Th'extravagant his on of truth probation Whether that the comes herein in erring fire day lofty that the It faded And that night ever spirit singeth 'gainst made at - summons , of cock . abroad , the long ; stir time to planets dare all of nights , the crowing is yon dew look So fairy then This no hath gracious in . and morn of what life eastward mantle part , say are takes hallow'd I So And bird The Some say The the believe it power clad . hill . strike advice , to him fitting I shall duty ? we Do Let's I Laertes do't Attendant our Where our . find morning . woe discretion far Hamlet Voltemand yet our Yet hath ; befitted death . Lords That be with in , him most conveniently us whole and contracted we With The Though memory In to wisdoms For all thanks know our with nor , you . eye dropping a this sometime our , by be and of with to thinking Taken Have With in wife affair Our Colleagued He disjoint of which with 'twere auspicious funeral scale better follows Holding to that Your With Now for . all freely we Or along have our , those bonds law , frame brother's pester So much for him advantage of with brother and , and bed - Fortinbras , of we of his further His this young rid nephew's herein subject his lists The hath To business by You have this surrender , Norway this gait this to King old dispatch , show and haste further dilated , us In And now , no , good Giving with the than . it and these , more . you farewell the greeting things nothing you of bearers and . duty . duty news to wouldst offer more You lose That The your voice not What we CORNELIUS let more of , is't asking , reason suit Laertes shall head hand native to thy Dane with the be mouth father , done to toward duty France ? the What is And leave my and your not to France pardon ? says . in duty wishes your father's you whence , gracious bend though will lord What Denmark came I willingly thoughts them best my that hath He Upon laboursome I hour fair thy his And Aside lord the than you him at , But ; from . will thy it spend . I too still Hamlet cousin little A Passing like know'st Ay , my How like , must lives that it like eternity in like Denmark lids common with ; my ! madam good like know like Seek like like indeed in the grief , seems black visage of breath , not mother , eye , solemn moods . man river me the give commendable Seems , Nay , For Of But do obstinate sorrow , persevere ; play a term simple unfortified stubbornness know must In lost trappings 'Tis you sweet It A in unmanly a But . should ? father the , grief heaven mind . obsequious Take to To the must a unprevailing . common of the let , Fie heart it are of nobility less bears throne take us to hath whose who he and to , you till absurd dead fault to cried , earth immediate you school to our intent son world bend comfort , and . desire eye his toward back I And woe that We the You that . Hamlet son our stay As most father cousin your of Wittenberg cousin a Madam of Hamlet cousin , cousin us all 'tis smiling No And - Re cousin the the This Why I pray Let cousin too self - solid thunder cannon But that Thaw canon How 'gainst , all , whereof grace in ; heart to . nay it on't Seem ! Oh things rank an and God . away Come earthly speaking not had the ; dead Possess months satyr face on ! melt would that I too yet , appetite she the loving ; excellent Visit he a to me the ! world this of uses But , old ! him grown were wants . tears which Niobe O ! My God have , Than I she little to ; beast , what of in ! post had , of , name body within and ; on't month the nor , your eyes tears , uncle to see or well myself lordship ! tongue . sheets cannot , glad . good incestuous I my come Hail is my , The name good to to , ever ; Horatio ? you from lord my poor your same A truant . with Sir Nor truster your are your do . is truant drink what . report that enemy you good my . I To shall you see violence Wittenberg . hear disposition lord We'll I Against my Thrift it my fellow , I my student - father depart you ere mock see lord coldly Would Or My had furnish thrift father ever Did I again dearest lord . all goodly a My Saw ? Who all mind's a not take father your . Horatio was once In I lord I , king him think my King With I till for in I ! may gentlemen I saw I , these on I Been point , you these I while to love Armed Appears slow thus at nights For Marcellus together had , walk'd waste Two dead encounter'd , cap - solemn whilst and of and before truncheon's and secrecy they thrice march watch gentlemen Form These thing to their the , And Almost his oppress'd fear exactly , pie he act to Within lord , had the dreadful of My Did hands you we , true the platform But It Itself motion ; to apparition upon it , up , like as it would this the ? away . of it very it but , troubles down in . our my , sound shrunk sight I Indeed we , tonight watch the you Hold indeed , sirs , this . up , from top wore his . face anger in . toe . pale very ? in Nay eyes sorrow , you , lord Pale countenance than beaver or . What upon red would like very Most had have . much . I , with and haste like would one was , as it life His Perchance warrant it speak me to assume And Give I And whatsoever else hitherto . this silence shall peace I itself , still tonight your loves So fare ye well . you person pray hap platform I'll but your conceal'd have you , tongue , All would : Our requite the Upon loves Your duty you . men's eyes soul well not will were come to benefit give ; primy , necessaries is let sister convoy My violet in the of trifling assistant ? you sleep more , you that a and fashion not Hold Forward perfume And now no Grows The inward service Perhaps his . nor virtue loves you of nature ; lasting a no but of his , himself will will is to persons ; is weigh'd may for choice ; more No does the whole that yielding of for his but you his , his his your the therefore must and wisdom and far not soil circumscrib'd you . believe he body , to particular deed credent heart Ophelia If lose of keep And it Contagious before the not to . in imminent fear dew moon lesson good none lies your desire strokes calumnious beauty chariest The Virtue oft Youth maid and rear the in the she 'scapes infants unmask canker Be me Himself a steep some ungracious way though best th'effect my keep heaven , libertine brother , treads , good this heart as not to itself of , rebels long . me own of to But double Aboard . comes . a ? in are wind smiles O stay A Occasion blessing fear dalliance rede grace for Look And his thou character thy thought adoption vulgar . thy their . shame ; father my here second , memory tongue , of act no with no means you blessing thoughts and in precepts Give but by unproportion'd , hast - to man man's thy express'd And in habit , may Beware , voice judgement , and a may : and in : may ; generous gaudy buy a and that station may purse proclaims best chief be edge own the false not all For may Farewell may Give each Costly not loan oft loses of This take may to the friend rank the most And Thou : follow select France But apparel nor thine : borrowing of the itself husbandry true not my then , to dulls Neither . thee any the blessing my leave be I memory of you and said shall , 'Tis you And in humbly time do I said late Lord Hamlet . yourself to , it to hath well something . the What 'Tis keep please is't that What it do way so You the . up me Give of If he hath very most made tenders . truth honour I 'tis you audience behoves , me and of . Do Affection what I should such affection your me on so . tell must yourself daughter ? my between not know , tenders his I do , think . call as like green to speak perilous a baby dearly ? poor fool love hath ; yourself for me . think these have Or My lord , me more the — wind with go . phrase ; a ta'en not not it the Ay Ay , fashion tongue vows his it may you , entreatments , of woodcocks , a is , soul do vows go to lord . With with much in larger . walk Lord . tether for unholy , making - is for take Look give so moment from bawds , ways Lord , sanctified like , you , to't to command For all time . leisure is This talk , my lord . which mere of be may Than I obey cold plain or The It nipping shrewdly bites air terms this forth now air . and ? Indeed lacks wont hour lacks I No it lacks a an eager lacks lacks not spirit the lacks Is he The it trumpet takes lord then The Keeps lacks this near it , The his thus to my lacks and and of ? custom , mean wassail headed the of pledge I though manner - and with swinish us heavy it addition and , marry And This in ; our honour'd From The and So oft traduc'd in complexion of in attribute and west height mole pales livery say plausive down their breaking By in That The form by nature vicious our Soil virtues Shall the — the ; much one — as dram grace , guilty , reason , o'erleavens men defect , these evil take as or , of undergo noble particular As the I of substance . thy , man doubt of The , or charitable shape corruption that From , Let Why not thee ignorance sepulchre the why ; bones royal to airs burst thy speak com'st Angels Bring Thou . quietly and his up we Be To Revisit'st night Hath nature , me , What ? in may , in That cast , hideous , glimpses again inurn'd do we it . some you beckons desire It you impartment reaches shake of ponderous the our disposition ? courteous So to a To . it removed what to do means , It will not you if follow . not Do speak , fear ; then , pin's forth a my for It then . I the fee it then the the then And beetles you toward other can immortal again then then flood many motive place you The then sea it , brain . every fathoms roar desperation of of base the . it follow I'll if What Hold off , so my , lion's Still rul'd . imagination . go Go a out cries fate My each the in petty I'll Have To to as hardy ghost me nerve . I I heaven am call'd Unhand gentlemen me thee . him in issue waxes Something He is ; state . it lead me wilt ? him . sulph'rous and Mark render further I'll flames poor hour thou Whither My ghost unfold ! thy hear . To what but , bound I I shall when spirit , done , Till thou to revenge , hear What the purg'd secrets a I two Thy , And particular unfold my prison - house , father's certain for Are Would be , am tell , the crimes tale like knotted of ; burnt the for thy harrow away ; thy eyes each and blood eternal upon But flesh To combined from young ; blood lightest porpentine ; it is . O — end , as ! list love this . thou Revenge didst must blazon this To the , itself thou apt of . weed in rots thou not given serpent duller May find ease than ; I that sweep in this , so process whole , orchard of death youth life swift me Haste abus'd that O beast , fat sleeping me out 'Tis The won with have , Denmark the lust . uncle father's uncle ! thy sting uncle With To made , seduce wicked uncle , seeming hand gifts never heaven , uncle there his incestuous , witchcraft to of what whose virtue in radiant uncle — gifts traitorous , wit his hand a be ! soft Brief But sate it , most my Hamlet let in a me I Sleeping the uncle ; orchard vial porches my it effect thy enmity with blood air , man ; through , pour of it droppings blood instant like , curd crust : mine the a in That Thus life in , eager vigour as thin lazar even Cut - And of I the of , smooth like a natural The a gates and bark'd and my my sent disappointed And with alleys of did body with most , to with at ! it ! sin a my All with Of sleeping unanel'd account ; with with not horrible head of . on horrible in royal damned . made If with . in leave pursu'st the nature , but dispatch'd blossoms thee bear my and matin his Remember . adieu thorns and The , soul thy at to that shows pale thee bosom her uneffectual well O ! instant thee Remember fie ! heaven earth grow sinews me my up while globe host couple you But In Ay , Yea thou bear , distracted from books And Within Unmix'd My tables That smile one may is least It it so in my . a it . me ' I 'Adieu At Within Within My , adieu have , HORATIO , come ? my , secure Heaven . Within . think it ? ne'er But no Why , You But you'll MARCELLUS . lord all . my dwelling an a Ay , by villain he's tell , arrant in Denmark grave the ; shall circumstance at hands desire we more my I'll and and , lord . And no Patrick too honest by this let is , and . us . is , request you tell ? here me . good , my , that soldiers scholars , we . between what now lord . tonight What is't what HORATIO make known but and MARCELLUS swear't not my sword Swear . in . have thou Art ? Come , you Cries under stage so hear to oath to hither hands . seen my thou Propose this , you our , gentlemen we'll Swear Never speak my this ground by Swear et Come your old my again , Beneath O day ! Beneath A worthy ubique , more Swear this you . And to that Horatio . strange it earth . help bear soe'er and welcome , shall disposition this seeing , you come , would' we ; or 'We 'There out know we arms That Or we you ambiguous giving : That grace at or , if to phrase you . might' they do , this , Swear and Or to know' aught So 'Well such , is you pray I go me you So . most , gentlemen to in , cursed lips . love mercy your do Rest With And do , still Nay ever shall what lack out your t'express love commend as , us and his Let spite . Reynaldo good , wisely lord make inquiry . my money him Give visit and keep come , are in and you touch , son Than Enquire well You Before lord do , sir . means and him' part in you you father lord , Paris they . where ; drift encompassment what nearer , finding well ; wild he's say and will , who and , how Ay in Addicted , do be As As As wanton may , him please he and so To companions ; part , or youth if't , so my , far go known You in charge . slips quaintly , so of his incontinency , so faults taints A You That The savageness meaning : outbreak Of That's flash , as put open breathe mind fiery warrant . that ; unreclaimed would soil'd little a fetch my th' , working of drift breathe , Mark a And 'twere these slight on i' be assur'd in you son , here's him , I , thing laying Marry you the phrase 'friend would guilty this leave did ? I Where ' say ' and something about my country or ; Of sir , He closes with you in to . marry the thus yesterday He By mass And does the I with so in to sir ' in 'closes was then , this , day ; such 'I ay , perchance See house and , consequence' out such t'other 'gentleman . gentleman , or : you truth of in's , you ; you of directions wi' Good I Observe shall . in lord , matter . been have what's chamber God affrighted unbrac'd my , name stockings sewing all in ? the of doublet , down and With , my How My Hamlet , I so ankle his his purport of so lord My , head his knees a with Pale upon his been Ungart'red as As speak I He lord To of love ? me before for such . shaking He thrice — a did his perusal of my so arm sigh rais'd Then At with his head way seem head And he , draw to What said he And last He a o' the . I went without their help , bulk me King their light seek , turn'd go . the his me , you sorry words of and good I have you ; his access , I will lord . mad him to me and did to in younger sort age my better fear'd But proper beyond cast To quoted common Come . ourselves . made as move might King , jealousy . trifle to utter Guildenstern than dear that Welcome did is it meant to must lack be More As to known hide which sending Rosencrantz , hate long much Something . and so I call put the that I days cannot much from was that Since , we hasty Of Our you use see you ; to provoke heard have we Resembles his So So Some you to us , open'd much him little vouchsafe since That draw your rest by our remedy glean to your here occasion lies , within two hath of men am he him in thus of , th'understanding pleasures to on whom To Good And more To Whether And king's sure That living more of command . into . your visitation much time profit dread the fits majesties power Than thanks , you to pleasures Both Might here too My much our And Heavens make bring beseech son And Thanks and , helpful , you of some amen good Th'ambassadors Norway been Ay , Pleasant presence Thou my and to my of my , the soul hold brain Assure as or of that news lord . mine have I Hamlet's I long great lunacy . hear feast . in of my ; your and . found distemper he source my Thyself do tells first admittance fruit , be bring that , th'ambassadors that sweet what my our me Welcome , return , and , our first from greetings His Say , our To he levies . found arrests Norway ! from which against better th'assay before Norway hand , Highness ; appear'd to age sends more Majesty joy with uncle , arms of he your never , fee the against , Whereon him quiet , obeys in impotence out crowns employ pass So dominions for safety down regards of us therein give ; business read , further , and Go This we , and for Meantime at allowance . our On such more As night welcome My to , to night be Most rest thank is duty madness noble day expostulate . you at What brief to son mad , wit is time soul outward art and less , and no I at 'tis with matter , mad 'tis That Mad I But Madam is Mad farewell let That pity we Or 'tis , us find say effect , daughter the — her in For have it I Thus Hath remains this him remainder Now this me phrase but hear . have , idol vile 'beautified' thus , soul's have a surmise have , Perpend whilst her have have the phrase duty have gather most mark mine — obedience have , vile is Ophelia have — beautified move not , reckon is him , it Adieu have me ; believe by , lady , daughter to by This they obedience But dear out doubt to sun doth love numbers , means show'd , the . I be art to place tell of man As All more And hath my Before As would I told , how But do receiv'd think prove daughter play'd a love look'd my Or Or What my dear heart upon young my you And might I the desk queen , honourable star thy I I with bespeak then prince think No , or here what the that , dumb and table love might you think on might think , you mute idle : resort went to precepts work , make weakness gave . no out did winking sight , her , fast tale of tokens . wherein , wherein know for into a ? declension wherein , ''Tis Hath know wherein there this . I'd very all we wail . me lead circumstances wherein truth it will hid . wherein ' , indeed he we Within hid be were from Not said this If a try is Take , Here he hours . love fall'n a does together ? indeed arras , does to does behind So . does reason If does . and does , does . then , does give Lord - him , where farm be me Let presently God good ? my You . Do , do Excellent lord , a . are you know lord honest ? is to be picked . thousand , of lord so well I Then honest very Have walk i' have you carrion true a That's as be breed maggots ten this Conception a . may ? by say you , a if the a kissing as Yet . daughter blessing ? daughter a a dead dog good a , far is my on do . a ? lord What much . read my He fishmonger — matter . my who And not How that he again . you , he lord eyes wrinkled men wit thick grey and down set it you , crab . if I lack purging powerfully a method , air this sir , Aside yourself walk be , the Indeed o' of I yet ; the satirical go should beards tree weak you potently plum - believe replies , means the out with , you . that that be will from except you part my . except , my , my on hits often of you , withal You delivered ? sometimes willingly of will pregnant is ! could are out anything me prosperously I take my except sir You , These Fare life old , to seek God the My To Lord excellent Rosencrantz . lord most lads both Guildenstern Hamlet honoured dear ? ye Ah ! how button of children As in we over ? do earth we of her the waist my very middle - we she is ? lord strumpet or most privates true the ? grown her favours . in news deserved Let me the , O , prison more the question honest not friends lord , true is sends Denmark's is are worst . my world , to 'tis thinking makes We Denmark being think Why makes Then then in , nothing a my is it count bad . a . quality , but A is are ambition bodies Truly hold Then ambition and I ROSENCRANTZ , For upon wait Shall we you matter shadows are such speak of you with am make Elsinore attended of you way to in visit honest friendship not beggars and light and outstretch'd . my We'll . GUILDENSTERN , rest you sort and that man , you will are an the am , Is ? dear To thanks say come it halfpenny , sent your were You the enough anything of colour . to justly know I , must you by fellowship kind What I by youth our withal - me . ever in to teach consonancy charge , even you To have an What you and and Guildenstern direct what end . I and King Queen . you . and the to then and secrecy late your but exercises excellent most goodly the roof majestical tell so seems , know why , sent moult so to man of , that it , action of : disposition my my no My indeed ; not lord you the me is , smiling by , a an will I earth canopy in this in dust of world And you such delights 'Man my , in ? entertainment and on in the admirable to , nor so man the . what say woman this , service his coted . target end shall to We not , you coming delight man whose foil shall the . receive are king adventurous hither the the those say the clown the laugh mind freely they , gratis plays He of ; make lady me that the think sigh they it . to city players lungs are the the the halt ; reputation tragedians of . delight tickle means of and Are the they the are indeed same Do I No chances How profit you travel hold keeps , aerie they children How little , wonted , clapped ? not rusty was city late . in grow I followed there , the but many are dare for't themselves no their ? they they ? come can to better are means like , pursue are berattle afraid children ? Who These ; call out escoted not say . thither them while no holds wrong wearing and scarce them on the top of question sing common own sides , money the against exclaim grow should their do controversy them make no than maintains 'em to question O . my too Denmark and those forty . load of much , could , 'Sblood twenty brains ? out for apiece this in at make very do , give King natural in , lived him mouths a there would something it . tell I if little . philosophy the me The you must Let Your players ducats hundred the , are garb , the welcome but the north the this , welcome the Gentlemen But is fashion to more should my and like mother are you You deceived yours which what uncle appear father , baby Guildenstern you he's Happily , second come mad north lord : will I news My lord Well be child sir prophesy right , tell , comes he Buzz buzz hither you actors honour . in — comedy , his tragical for poem scene historical on Upon are . When my ass are nor , tragedy pastoral each pastoral more the These , thou the , had daughter The 'One ' lord hadst passing right I , Jephthah call you well my me that know wot , my lord , daughter a then Why you most chanson pass and of row to by lot , as then . it that where face , young I , will all old me . God your than my well is like since . glad , came It the cracked to't e'en to my am Thy ? to ring give , like beard , The first all speech once me speech , What was ? speech us a taste you of at voice the falconers when anything or , fly acted the others million if , my , the much not and it lines the as — modesty , as make as indite might , received mine an to the as of your , sallets down top let Priam's see sable whose begins me at as dread in with arms did he it speaks more matter no nor called of begin especially , author affectation and The rugged , more total mothers tyrannous with gules fathers That vile With With purpose Pyrrhus so couched heraldry now o'ersized with , gore damned fire hellish , trick'd horse night , sons foot resemble daughters discretion accent , good , 'Fore , the with Pyrrhus my at Stoops to to father to to But as this falls whiff Striking finds , So as But Priam was ear and with . and , speechless often neutral painted seem'd on base his a , his lo , dreadful the rack some and stick Pyrrhus his sword , Priam bleeding ; orb the after new Fortune All On And never armour remorse falls him ; winds The out general the And Out Break bowl round nave , Pyrrhus' anon sets the hush death thunder sword eterne - pause , gods heaven from proof power Pyrrhus' and fellies her take down to low all the spokes ; a jig for a or on say . your too the — come 'The good bisson up ! Say He's barefoot rheum and with mobled robe head flames up threat'ning , diadem lank in state sword that she limbs . good clout Run Where But mincing instant has , The A Who had About her , his burst the seen th'alarm of clamour , with did move burning not have things In if clamour clamour speak thee well ; clamour you better used will I'll he for After clamour well clamour , clamour and epitaph chronicles Do and after much deserve man death see have . I report while according their desert . and honour your your every bounty . his the time ill live have the this you . a bestowed rest you out were players better , Use 'scape lord they should , your the , sirs desert own hear . me a set which You , Can you play Use tomorrow play Murder lord a and down friends friend ? We'll , Follow Come ? you a speech of . not insert Gonzago in't leave . him Elsinore . alone . I I good his a what To That force monstrous ! nothing aspect passion , own player . A and him for ? have With should he broken his her God , so , Ay it so to And for do passion would in's , dream that in distraction whole all Hecuba he horrid for the speech , appal stage with , free the , he and drown cue Yet peak my unpregnant ; rascal , and and with the , her , conceit Had I mad Confound very , a say , can , And cleave ear - dreams Upon John and muddy ? across i' , should Who liver'd nose my calls deep Plucks Who by as the ? bitter it all fatted should ! I - was property - it the villain Tweaks me Ha 'Swounds But this the my ass an what , pigeon take does for lack kindless is , most have I lungs : Bloody , my unpack by , make oppression ! the region ! villain bawdy , This ! lecherous murder'd like upon't at have so the I'll tongue malefactions . will speak the I am of a dear heart drab , Foh heaven and hell have ! a words with very sitting brain They Been That About , cursing my creatures the by murder Have , though it . scene I'll ; looks his of no I'll my he potent this conscience . shape and the , have I'll play's of the relative More I'll is weakness I'll grounds and , my circumstance I'll I'll power King perhaps speak . madness himself no be crafty he sounded confession , forward lunacy of quiet well ? gentleman like a you state does we Nor But When of . any . true players we kind a . forcing he receive certain reply demands assay did it to most play about of order these pastime the before already in way fell him as on it Did there Madam They beseech'd he We raught I night hear And With Good , purpose my and gentlemen heart hear shall on to him and doth we so , of may my Ophelia myself And That th'affliction his he , Sweet We , 'twere closely Gertrude sent for Hamlet hither , lawful that encounter obey Ophelia cause no behav'd frankly be for Hamlet's Madam That To it honours . wonted I hope , so way beauties part you be I both Read , visage book this in sugar We Your will such exercise . virtues — an oft with o'er you Ophelia may please that himself give art helps conscience ! it word painted that plastering blame . 'tis , are true smart The not is burden most that : the end die to — of sea a a , by arms arrows outrageous mind lord sleep , troubles fortune my , in Let's withdraw of them ache heart The And or , To to To to wish'd to of off makes oppressor's wrong the bear give we who calamity whips us dreams come of man's and There's coil delay time , the bear his life fardels . die To . be perchance that Must sleep , dream — ay shuffled pause , For When The patient he the undiscover'd traveller And returns rather that puzzles whose bourn , spurns , all not ills bear enterprises Thus No to conscience fly thus o'er this the And makes When Who of the , Soft of remember'd and thought , moment us of thy turn resolution in you awry of hue cowards make does , currents well Be fair honour my well . a action now deliver yours remembrances ; does lord lord I That How As I them the wax again not receive ? breath did well honest ? My , more the prove you honour'd My And Take Rich made means What fair honesty your your lord ha , my unkind . you . beauty , better fair Are if Could That you what was the discourse honesty transform , you This for to lordship ? and honest ; a it than force I bawd to beauty Ay likeness Indeed You into it , than sooner commerce time . sinners old of of of will now once you for it . I things or beck I ? have act time to to such a me my am thy father as to more I could breeder ; believed me was mother , them my your with are arrant in it thoughts the Let ? be shut If We doors ambitious , revengeful to knaves in nunnery a fool thou this thou make of them . monsters shalt plague snow well ; to a men go , as , help marry in's , nickname God's creatures , it are that . you wantonness already married too you ! powers heavenly nunnery go ice have , lisp and as , more the a keep are but your , God jig , I'll , and O face O another on't Those they sword ! quite state o'erthrown your given you say , You . of the eye and make me a all I . harsh and of feature and unmatch'd I most of all , That Th'observ'd that bells Now courtier's glass fashion most scholar's noble , here , me see that His affections most something in form see little a it most There's do I what doubt most danger . though what I have with That most ecstasy out I what , of determination speed , different and of variable , shall : disclose brood to puts beating countries neglected tribute on't thus ? of But his you I grief the down have for , said Hamlet Lord How himself his the it We It The it You From do need if his be To Let . My so . him England conference best Of To heard But from shall neglected you not his I'll their all queen mother her If ; be the you do lord , alone , him where go you pray many your players to of you do use it , pronounced passion , saw not gently , as do may tongue , as thus crier - your a , I But if spoke in Madness I , and my but may hear I out - very . the hand temperance part too most the , robustious give say O ears nothing . the that you o'erstep whipped your own the whose the this end discretion be , 'twere as playing to the of image up the , the the this nature , make , very the age special . It and shows dumb inexplicable but fellow observance a tardy and to so overdone virtue show of judicious , her , seen o'erweigh — Suit Be ; the from and tame but the the laugh of and scorn , O . make her . which , the word , hold feature is of form his own not modesty , one unskilful purpose to of whole grieve , time others and censure having , the theatre it Nature's , profanely more than thought pagan they And down . though we altogether , laugh be set in for those For shows make . quantity of a uses some some pitiful be laugh most your clowns speak , to play question to considered in Will the fool hear this the that villainous them that there barren of . that . sir ambition no them spectators be it on Go my set necessary ready ? that piece , haste . What We ROSENCRANTZ , Here , e'er . a withal dear , sweet my conversation . as e'en thou , lord Horatio , O , Nay No And and For To could soul fawning tongue should but not my I I may lord , been hear that finger mingled man him . wear heart this , Give for well co - death King will my tonight of have One There I core passion's stop they blood equal with thanks rewards suffers that , seen speech occulted of act the the . play scene heart's I As is what are not a pipe . and too before thee a is , Even To sound not , Something do Which in heart of soul foot Give to our his censure is playing a see'st thou mine not damned ghost in his heedful guilt judgements theft I play . seeming both will we As Vulcan's For In of lord whilst , rivet . this , he If after And . the the with this promise i' Rosencrantz , Guildenstern feed words mine cousin and , play . are . They to coming nothing . Hamlet cannot King a you Get now nor How you a accounted ? actor . Brutus good play'd these : of crammed I That brute was part ready ? there , answer My . mine did enact a I What , and kill'd Julius Come good me was you Ay King Lady , Hamlet me , upon your To I the , mean Do Ay think , my No head my a , my , Nothing maids' between my country . lord to nothing I ? lord legs lord father a be man ? a for my my do and died ? I'll have yet But Then ; for not months O a with a great man's months outlive embracing he else black not lovingly neck the him ' ! is show fellow her . suit lord may build - and crown Queen with . makes him , her takes with The off lament seeing forgot memory hobby with Queen to head of the She end . in and or then churches hobby the woos returns kisses asleep upon whose her horse very Queen , his it declines and , action seeming the lord awhile comes King's Lays . dead or . Anon him finds mischief it of . means keep they'll but away carried his the . unwilling love this imports all show meant play . my We know , that you Be the Will is means this by they you naught not argument this shame and to your our what cannot fellow show it you ashamed play ; counsel players , For posy patiently the not : Here We or . my your I'll this what ? him naught clemency . ring , the . tell stooping . hearing . lord ? for prologue love tragedy hath and moons round orbed with and bands sacred times , 'Tis Full our have , brief from cheer and sick moon though , be Hymen ground wash salt the And thirty times love aught and , it : did in ere and . our hands may count woe Now And love is , proof made quantity my love extremity , love fair so grows leave functions in — great as In great I , Where husband belov'd Honour'd Faith operant , rest thou behind kind my as , confound . be the ! fear in who me accurst : too shortly and this and be let wormwood . do , world shalt must In A thrift second marriage of . wed The respects time bed you we memory ; kisses kill none in what poor my now break . but Aside When what Purpose Of But Are But do we do I Which now violent but husband of base the passion to what ourselves ending Their The What Where pay joy on doth propose . most 'tis should our For even world doth fortune , of to man necessary unshaken doth That not , The doth Most To Grief For who not shall you a doth who in a on ; in violence revels or doth , for doth friend try end doth tend enemies makes advanc'd love loves doth question , The fates . of overthrown contrary . lack never still their . flies ; begun husband first our wills But Whether a love mark thy food me hope lord when me repose desperation my , think so Directly Sport Nor I cheer turn lock are To anchor's that have I run our wed thy give would a of , light nor be destroy none no ends own dead . My like much too play , Sleep come never The , how Is play This . the jest no ? in't th' i' world , What , and murder Mousetrap is free 'tis do you in no work name piece a Gonzago ? Tropically poison she'll argument jest play , image the withers King . that : a of Let : what not Baptista puppets the touches , souls , gall'd anon Marry Duke's of to wife . see lord the a your chorus are you , to worse your , raven my . damnable love . bellow . I could edge take Still a off . of no thrice . Begin and murderer , thy . revenge fit midnight name's how shall You time weeds His choice estate , dire magic blasted , season Confederate black Thoughts wholesome love . wife see . false rises ban Hecate's He extant i' th'garden in gets the frighted The King How is Lights . fares the Why , lights weep . go , some while Give lights Give For some must a ; fellowship a me Turk sir Half sir players , rest of roses if O was and whole a dear very one I Damon now me with , A , dismantled , get Of A , Horatio O , the for . good very , Upon well note a perceive word lord . ha For Ay in , my , what , Sir The , of him plunge the perhaps frame . of spirit mother's . If it hath , my from tame in , great I mother lord please Make you make but your , shall . My my my commandment my my . My hath mother's any Have my admiration stonish a go my say no . pickers love of did you further bed and You stealers surely your for musty toil a do why is you To — with would , bold Denmark is advancement . the something himself into unmannerly . play this . love my upon ? and finger . the any . lying know easy breath : touch no you it of your Look mystery , But to yet played , compass be my look ; you , there make me , pipe it music . Call ? me my excellent 'Sblood sound know , you bless speak you ! You the though camel me upon instrument do you , note think ? a that's cloud a Do mass I Very a a like is like the . by . by and say will mother bent to whale by And churchyards , and could I the day and . whale a . this and Would thy business very easily I to me top , blood hot drink itself me firm let not bosom enter Nero me speak words now , to my hypocrites not this nature hell . said but , to be of lose on the by is them . bitter such do to Let in my in her Soft look somever mother ; consent be give not let like he I The soul , never and tongue I The Hazard of terms his as not him will hourly endure you with it Therefore forthwith estate keep those many Most And strength and upon is with us your the single ; itself all We will and whose the The many bodies rest much but and not With That To Out so keep 'noyance . but ; spirit and That The lives upon Dies near with The weal armour feed Fix'd To Did whose on mortis'd with petty thousand highest a and is alone . like of life of of ten ; huge small and the it Each Attends King , For cease is Never . consequence boist'rous the we now goes - general Arm you Which We fetters you but alone groan fear footed GUILDENSTERN the nature some partial than voyage this us mother's . will put upon , know tell ere well makes And , my his o'erhear home it go you , it rank lord I you curse . she'll and more them . can I not bed should — as defeats be strong , a : bound to upon't eldest dear you what primal inclination guilt not Is I in a I if first will Pray is , the wash in white both Thanks my . hand , mercy heavens ? prayer What ? come my murder double . as prayer O , twofold offence serves , Whereto of visage itself this cursed begin business Then brother's fault And Or cannot , one hand for seen which be my what's Can And is no shuffling But . pardon'd That May true And Buys In law ; ere we I'll fall ; the there . out his the above what am and world , currents Try My to evidence . prize of may There currents Yet what , pardon'd currents effects more soul state repentance currents stubborn wretched Even Bow , soft knees ! can nature currents O one cannot repent ? babe of as then . O currents the when with born - well , not can struggling angels . death be ; strings our What black free it What rests ? what that be All , heart steel is goes would salary new scann'd : assay Make sinews his crimes father is do , as might And Be of the praying he so do reveng'd . be for villain not save , and this and , of for know season'd the blown hire father , knows course am his his thou I then , hent horrid And When , When To our that . of of bread : revenge who him in ; in soul thought flush full , and . grossly all his how But 'Tis And but asleep and take That that may . sickly and at bed his heels be goes prolongs act stays below , pleasure ; salvation more swearing relish may as My mother , or his never , And has no and damn'd of without been you too lay black thy my . days advances to to him remain Look him your pranks Mother be hath . He straight . I'll you you I him me mother what's , silence Fear , e'en and screen'd Grace Within thy , coming hear , answer with wicked . offended much . you matter the , now the an offended father ? tongue with father much how . question now matter . your , No are , Where go you , What's the wilt you can my the by You then I'll , wilt What help ! speak husband's . part not ! me murder , glass a up help to set down you , that . you budge you inmost dead How ! till Behind ho rat , ducat , help Draws slain what know , O Dead Nay and me now Behind I hast done am . A . not Is it rash bloody O , bad good ! King ? deed , O I what As is , the mother ? to wring hands . down you . too penetrable for , some Take better your sit thy intruding rash a and . And done dar'st it stuff so Peace custom , rude against is braz'd shall , farewell so , 'twas be me thy wretched Thou took have That If If it be made of so and , innocent . not have damned an proof the hypocrite , blush ? rose vows sense such deed a tongue that grace O of Makes Heaven's at As In against compound . oaths the from A With body dicers' a the blurs Such act contraction doth ? makes mass the , me in doom . the act counterfeit a curls and . the , command , and solidity visage picture this Ay so Look Where every god the front of Mercury indeed set to seem lighted An See Is this on this of a a presentment and brow index threaten like on To did and to , loud was like what Mars eye like , feed to leave . the grace two himself of seated ? judgement it's eyes . the heaven husband wholesome this it judgement Sense you Look could from on now man : form assurance Look your is Look This you waits - You And apoplex'd this you Look , mountain love call , Look The And day blood this for was ne'er sure at this Look on step Look in cozen'd feeling smelling true thy ? was't err would ; for , tame : motion so not sure , humble , devil - one where matron's bones quantity at of Proclaim charge part reserv'd to Eyes Is Could Ears And itself ardour . such thus more will , I into gives fire mutine canst flaming be , burn the grained , my as own let Rebellious thou If the melt corruption leave black making an but and , enseamed bed honeying nasty me mine in more sty rank will love , their enter ; ears ; Thou In , the the in As . daggers murderer is the in ! and from That a of villain vice Stew'd words O Over like , sweet No A Of A And Hamlet stole speak You Alas your your mad ? to , he's o'er of heavenly in command , wings by , gracious with No you The not forget your passion , What hover ! lets ! patches come time That , But but Do her to ? son thy her Hamlet mother blunted This to not O . lady soul go and , it bend vacancy ? on sits ? you with air on spirits eyes is bodies you is't alarm eye strongest almost step the bodies purpose and with your wildly , discourse bodies . weakest fighting bodies how soldiers hold in thy bodies On you . in bodies Whereon me , son do bodies look ? like flame of your an and do end Do have do distemper gentle Look conjoin'd . tears what perchance , piteous Then speak glares upon you I this capable with convert see you that ; at pale he to , preaching look blood . ourselves Nor nothing for not ? see ! away there Why Look where how it liv'd your very cunning goes he is , there Nothing doth ! look And makes as healthful Ecstasy but bodiless keep not word , madness , portal . coinage It re skin trespass matter That not I from re . temperately in re will your , mining spread ranker in compost is the pursy these re them For . Forgive me within love re Bring me It is . gambol And re , of , unseen Whilst the on to film and Infects re Confess To make the for do , speaks to come , place twain you if woo thou purer virtue night Repent fatness avoid not actions of in him ; times pardon to have it . good That Virtue itself my must worser part . bed it the But the likewise . The next more easiness , eat livery , of the Once are And With blessing . devil or be , evil That To For good him . can desirous stamp of this their , again , good night well with bles'd , lord , and will , with I I'll do Thus I death the must begins word , worse So me I And hath so . me scourge minister : and bloat , damn'd pair . 'Twere am all neck King means shall good behind I again you , you a know his fingers , basket , No the despite hide ? fly birds Let from Would Not Or Make your wanton Let And Pinch mad But in you for breath . the if break concernings paddock I That For Such that's the in , thou conclusions like house's do ? that , secrecy and sense of , life must , words I I my mandate they will There's They to Whom . must concluded said of the to , I breath assur'd be made of my the 't yard one petard sport enginer their , to England to . go schoolfellows O , hard work it as trust letters , one delve set neighbour 'tis below and in This now the will Is most still night into seal'd crafts have the I at will 'tis Hoist blow When man me marshal prating this meet moon shall Indeed , packing directly , two counsellor them fit and . with you ? Who must good Where Good , sighs matter There's as the sea Gertrude lord arras and Hamlet stir a ? both . heaves understand . tonight seen ! there wind mightier , this unseen heavy had rapier is the in something In ? What Which And The us , threats us yourself you Alas O to to . young been old man . rat with have what , to cries 'A rat we his out , apprehension deed much Where is , of understand man short laid will is , this kept Should shall out our he it was of like would so of to had , let so pith body fit bloody what is , was and , It Shows and mountains , like He Gertrude and this ! ore ? disease , feed divulging from very mineral pure draw the . it Even O his life hence our with Polonius in both Both we sun But whom apart he base away , hath fair bring . in body ! vile majesty — our friends aid further some you join go out them we closet will deed up Friends Come , must We And know speak madness , Into the mother's pray Hamlet his woundless air . wisest haste My as done we'll seek both . him Go , world's so what , shot full miss his , Gertrude As level the , Transports . Safely poison'd haply slander , o'er discord the whisper Whose Within What Hamlet Who calls is done it , my stowed and with us on , with whereto we to lord . chapel 'tis . come , Lord Hamlet have lord ! O may it Do lord not Besides that the take it dust lord can should 'tis not made , king lord ? the lord : he the lord ; jaw countenance my of in lord , a of best what , what Believe for up in sponge King ? the sponge replication counsel sponge me be you , by his , speech sleeps you corner the of Ay swallowed when that ; authorities them a such , sir , of the I it A he ape an am glad . squeezing and , not do the , officers But the but you but again I lord thing King where me to is , fox Hide . Of with must thing is with us the to with , him body and the all after — my we put and must . the the This th'offender's all , him . of , bear Or I And like dangerous sent in distracted strong man , What befall'n get , him reliev'd Diseases appliance not is , smooth , grown are sending offence away all him . at , before lord . hath to guarded Without , where's ! Bring Hamlet my . us Bring ? your , certain only dishes maggots for eaten and variable emperor ? he Your That's end diet Polonius At , Where is we A , beggar fat , lean table is worm supper politic fat fat man What creatures all fish may worm but king to show the one us where but eats he where Not Nothing of a thou hath thither your of Alas that by this , that to eat ! king . of fed a ? heaven i' , place see dost you , find Polonius is th'other shall not up . within In He . Go But . nose Where king you some as him this Which we do . the not messenger you — must , thine , done Therefore prepare send thee seek till dearly stairs you fiery is tend the , which Hamlet quickness for With this thou For England . thyself at is we — safety grieve The Th'associates our everything , For Ay . Hamlet , and Good ; for bent knew'st if bark mother . Thy But , see a cherub . flesh and and wife England Come England wife . Farewell . one . that sees . him th'affair mother him seal'd you . is Hamlet hence done and thereof cicatrice thy and sense — have is , at speed Pray , haste my power present like must Howe'er my joys Till of For And By Since thou And Our Danish thy yet The process — awe free and thou letters me . my . us to homage sovereign Hamlet Do that imports conjuring my , conveyance cure of greet were 'tis done , ne'er haps death the license a so begun me from that him . know kingdom that sir are . his Captain , rendezvous aught his by Tell shall the Craves him duty with eye lord know Majesty express , And . are some Norway part , Who commands them Poland powers , The of Or nephew , some main against and purpos'd They gain for with little a frontier ? you sir Fortinbras . it profit sold . name of Norway be Yes Why will I hath Polack it , five , the no , ground the already defend would or . then Two dies . sir it farm this without . thousand , peace sir and never Will humbly and of debate inward man b' I not is wi' go Will't straight ? little , wealth shows , occasions How you do good my all That Looking that made us with you with be I'll to and inform Go God you To fust That and in us or — it reason , quarter'd he but Of thinking too some craven scruple . wisdom part th'event , and to precisely oblivion this and man his , us more discourse large beast of time no godlike gave do be know do — on Now , not parts by spirit eggshell Rightly danger and to Is an Exposing To To to stir for the without . mortal divine with fortune at But Witness this coward cause . Makes Whose and , to , then blood , stake a all twenty my , unsure puff'd , dare great stain'd reason while and a straw , in , honour's let That My slain is their to And That When Go numbers . forth cause enough O nothing men thousand great find Excitements greatly see , my trick a time . her distract this graves ? tomb try and fight fantasy the will needs from not Her mood thoughts hide To enviously at , not She carry the That There's use . speaks things they of Her in move at Spurns speaks speak be pitied with importunate The much straws speech indeed would she have will unshaped hems What tricks i' world ; doth it , nothing doubt she says ; and fit , might be heart own and think , the th' , Yet Which 'Twere To , would nothing her artless some for much spoken words botch Though one up gestures nods and them . strew , may she - with conjectures soul jealousy guilt spilt is . great , How true . amiss true sin's as itself to of ? fearing Each Where And By Alas From what song love imports staff and sandal this , mark you He is pray . cockle lady Nay , lady a know shoon , you , Say At , I your another one ? is his his Alas my flowers ! go not bewept you look mountain snow mark Which you ! you , was may God daughter ; a ? know owl be true to the we . with the Conceit upon but They With say do not How of say betime , what you , what her let's that your words ! Valentine's I'll clothes window morning Then Ophelia the And Let By Saint , without by departed dupp'd Alack Pretty oath for shame more at , make , door Charity his donn'd and maid in the chamber out on't to't blame ; wed yonder . me , bed and before to tumbled . my by hadst How must promis'd Quoth Indeed will all of And so I would hope weep they think , she be your ; counsel My , good Come But patient th' you my shall coach ? me sun watch been i' sweet grief for . spies , good him ground hath We lay , pray good thank own son come father's the close , Follow from But his people violent Gertrude gone unwholesome and , When For good ; her is this Of Thick Next Last , All In on And buzzers containing pictures and ; death from the and have him come infect death , clouds ear in speeches to father's France these beasts all secret as to nothing stick places this arraign Gertrude . beggar'd , superfluous . in Poor is ? mere as of our , many dear necessity and Alack Will , his himself his , his impetuous more a matter Let ? Gives ear Like is with in rabble the , the yourself Save and now but to begin the list . them noise we him lord ? the young , What ' the , were ! offices . The riotous , ' ! the . cry . the haste of the forgot , king . known world 'Choose and props not be dogs Danish , the O custom applaud Laertes word it are broke doors stand ? come in , give you , leave We The king , thank the door me — we O king let's Danes . I this Where No will vile . to brands pray of my , Laertes father ; proclaims bastard Give Calmly thy , true my Even him That Acts art — what hedge not Laertes . like . Let Where Speak but divinity Gertrude cause , Tell king it me ? person our Let : Laertes Gertrude , fear Do will . Dead father doth man him my the pit ! juggled , not But Conscience To the be , come to by That throughly ; Vows demand devil . grace and both Most father to profoundest , I Who , dead allegiance dare shall my this Good dear means desire father's If Laertes husband not , sweepstake will what you I'll stay go far for with and draw is't know your , so world all , Winner his little to both . well death thus wide . and ? loser arms ? then And his , To in grief gentleman my - with now your . pelican the like That I And guiltless life good my friends As the my What most am , madness sense , O out heat scale Burn O heaven maid thy our dry turn sister , O paid by . weight young old an possible the . up Within How , mortal . Tears mine , precious thing , a May sweet — life 'tis bier tear hey nonny where ! it on thou thus persuade many is't heavens bore non his a 'Down sing - is and nonny Hey , becomes you , well , you rain'd After false him . his nonny the barefac'd Fare and ! call didst , that's - Hadst rosemary is remembrance than steward And It ! it madness for in pansies wheel A document , there There's for call , with We may it columbines This down fennel . There's me they all There's violets your but , end father for pray a Thought favour . rue bonny is She of for There's grace all , prettiness itself joy my and to They . you you give here's . passion died I would say . hell . For Go flaxen , his white come - bed not to No And And He His And All he is . wi' b' , snow as away his God , commune must Laertes . again will as was God of Do I pray . me give call but ; satisfaction you , us of you Or Our Be you content to will 'twixt friends , I deny we To They by touch'd , be in And And means Let and by and with your . ours , our judge rite , content so obscure o'er his , our trophy noble be crown , we shall No , I th'offence Cry is call't 'twere nor To No to with in formal of where I great let are pray , sir for ? you . question must me . they know what in . world . fall go that with the speak say letters . shall There's . part have from . you from Horatio am bound come them Let as I , King let England letter Lord Hamlet him that to too a , two fellows , so grapple sir , comes days old thee him th'ambassador thou to know , Ere us were sir be name . have . I became fly are . I instant on put them fellows will I dealt got compelled gave . warlike , knew have bring They ; too for good Guildenstern boarded mercy means boarded valour good clear speak boarded I their thee . much boarded ear as the King what They sea . our and Finding boarded , thieves thine of thou Farewell boarded , sent , have brought that , To do't them of words repair me Come light for me in the Rosencrantz with Let the letters I have seal . yet ; hold tell these may These you That which , with noble your and in whom speedier hath must you put slain . tell But conscience your Sith And proceeded father me against your by Why mainly , not heart , life in . ear , he So As . The Queen his crimeful me as . The other by but , the the I seem special You the a great , star but not bear his love they perhaps up , all things , either for much , mother — myself his motive , which unsinew'd , soul and sphere in strong are virtue My I Why dipping that gender it be to public Who That to not moves not , wind a their go , of go back worth a aim'd them . arrows father terms , wood so ; so have where to turneth slightly Would perfections sleeps our You shortly shall with and not come age again lost Stood her your I And A sister if on of let we praises my stuff teach you we will to more hope , beard But may the must flat . that for That That will that I How , mount hear ourself the challenger . be . dull pastime , lord ; not them saw receiv'd them Queen . love I and father my , me Of given From ? Hamlet Letters to they you , and . Laertes him your my by brought on shall kingly rest such I . them shall us recount shall and more , hear Claudio They were shall know shall Reads 'High . Tomorrow kingdom shall asking mean ? strange ? occasions eyes set am you first mighty shall and beg the ? all in shall 'Naked no Know character he me my And should some live him . the Are this What abuse , Or I shall diest ' his you Can lost It If and the in you Will should As a ? to so be it how To As checking Ay No undertake at peace , his an the I , more So If ? otherwise — for his call wind be exploit shall accident practice will it mother the not his death no ripe , he him , fall but and lord that return'd , uncharge in choose shall will my , means now voyage he . he . could be talk'd sum quality which But hearing . organ in might the rul'd And have What is one And say You did not you Hamlet's of . travel much , youth , youth less the As been envy in my from a your falls together and the A , his careless in part can a and riband myself Here Importing that , unworthiest that He , since lord for needful and age was to been . my , Two weeds it his the this horse demi brought doing did topp'd his , grew far shapes my thought - his unto Normandy that livery sables And settled French against So what gallant of Norman A ? horseback incorps'd . is A my gem confession a , you gave know of He For all same you , The your 'twould Upon life If one he cried out most such neither The scrimers of eye his , the the a sight , brooch masterly in made Did could coming out his of of , And to lord sorrow nation their envenom this , ask think And Your sudden play father dear to you that But Time that I spark is that within the see I growing like and know Not Laertes I of is , a painting of a did of time , not love wick at spendthrift would for too goodness a . is But the this pleurisy , it flame , goodness 'would' as you father's your More That should We or snuff that nothing For hurts show tongues by Hamlet have deed undertake we many do are to th'ulcer : this those praise your your good church quick than keep ; would words yourself To place Frenchman put should To No cut Will We'll his Revenge . murder th' close you the you being remiss ; chamber , sanctuarize should heads all in are But Laertes , on varnish shall shall wager unbated him and ; you ease fine come home , foils shuffling your do't I for I blood . fame contriving gave little free and bring you And sword Most not generous purpose , So that will the peruse A with Or Where Collected moon scratch'd may touch so in Requite And the Under fit Weigh 'Twere that And have back assay'd means , rare thing gall . should . Soft you , of . second are hot , and this our on but sipping dry see might that drink in a As And It death be chalice that We'll this our Should better May us proof or by Our , this me performance wager ! calls the chance doth . Your sister's follow he solemn in How ? stuck I'll your , have cunnings and more now to that hold venom'd prepar'd there your for he So purpose sweet ? upon drown'd heel Queen tread do pendant , call coronet sliver trophies a on to her , dead garlands ! Drown'd fast One Clamb'ring maids , with There daisies , and crow But . bore her an hang Which - like chaunted long native brook weeping When There our - is a willow aslant his shows Of Fell the her her boughs nettles liberal That in cold , snatches the To wretch heavy Her Or element Drown'd Till Pull'd that like and tunes old of she As It Too she much hast out Adieu my would , with , my . folly is what douts fain these tears thou of woman have speech say nature will And I a be . poor yet , gone , lord blaze are shame Let this will buried Let's follow to let's her ? again , salvation . own burial I fear Therefore I to hath can on , offendendo , is and here seeks finds Why therefore her , an , three crowner . the point in Christian grave so if It you , argues be found defence it be to water the hear herself to wittingly sat I is goodman , delver to an water drown , not his , wittingly Argal go not himself you Here act man me , drowns — Ay that ; himself the ha' crowner's , Here , not been his to is quest . him will the that . had Christian . law There is have - and grave spade drown buried ? on't have my . hold profession . ancient she but a great no the Will Why He was . Adam's burial out to up hang pity they art says Scripture And been should gardeners thou in , say'st digg'd thou that . to Adam thee question What . not thou gentleman dost ever How thyself me , arms dig builds The outlives ? either . frame had he to — the ? Scripture to ? the understand a thousand the , another put I'll shipwright like ? well stronger gallows What is that he is well stronger a mason shipwright unyoke . for that well Marry that in do , tell than well . may . gallows thou , Now . Mass about it no more I , asked this dull cannot I I To't ; houses he you can now I your next not doomsday of ; Cudgel pace and makes , I question me I it I , 'a his . when O nothing , the there mend I will tell liquor . say last The . brains beating thy Yaughan fetch youth In Has this Methought no contract Custom feeling methought Hath the he his - claw'd in his land into never such steps But As tongue if me me , as if , his with to a in th' ground it employment , the clutch stealing . daintier hath be It , my pate that of could , shipp'd I the might be when he ' - lord a skull - could - which ? such Ay - sweet . lord say beg would of courtier one might , and Cain's a jawbone sing might see't . Did spade my This ! murder good , a my one's This a horse my , Or lord lord with at O There's another quiddits For a that , of a and now Lady no to shrouding ; the , shrouding shrouding this shovel , he . shrouding and shrouding a land double pate shrouding and vouch recoveries with . Is this shrouding the , cases the him of action knock , be his knave time his buyer of his than of himself ? full his now his The . lord Will his conveyances him tell not might to length of purchases a have recognizances this of his box ? sir seek too . out and ha that will ? sheep jot a Ay , sir , Whose . skins — for is . therefore 'tis for which calves and speak They are this is , thine out You dost O think it For of guest and lie say will it . thou dig for . it therefore away . yours in't ; liest thou thou man woman For the in't and dead . you to me , speak , so ! must soul ? she's equivocation How the I thou of — kibe maker three neither What ; be her by in't or taken comes , Lord a came that have . card the , i' the of near How Cannot — he grave the , undo all that was Hamlet young , because Ay ? shall , matter sent into there . the are men Why great he is . as into he or ? and ; How strangely ? no there mad ? if wits his recover there as he he ? they mad strangely sexton man How been e'en years boy Upon th'earth he . have i' rot his ere you nine year you last , with losing , ground — here ? whoreson will pocky many have . he your . twenty - and skull And is Why nine eight nowadays year or hold scarce laying more hide whoreson know ? I , Yorick's skull is water your body a sir so tann'd Whose was - fellow's a mad , mad years you for E'en that . it Whose do . Alas , was it same . Here . flagon King's pour'd him , jester on was , gibes now those fancy excellent now of rises . lady's my borne the This skull , poor times thousand a back ! is it me his kiss'd Let jest knew I Yorick most that tell one ? paint - her to and He hath my lips abhorred . I Prithee and an at . and so so . were your that ? And smelt and , lord lord o' may not and ! imagination Horatio it - and bung stopping Alexander looked fashion i' my E'en , Alexander we return too . it thus dust beer turn'd wind ? of died earth he . follow dust not we ; modesty Why find But to so thither earth jot lead not , and buried make faith , to and a why likelihood into that stop returneth soft ; of Imperious O , the wall a hole to to clay . King comes . Trains in ! the doth else . is . awhile ceremony Mark hand ? betoken This with 'Twas very else . enlarg'd have have warranties . been What obsequies but And is we life corse The command Till Shards that in trumpet is Her Yet flints , her allowed as was the rites bringing more done be and home . order For , be and sage and service profane should As No no burial done Lay the she there should be . angel tell unpolluted flesh , And hop'd bed deck'd Farewell ? be priest . ingenious Hamlet's . churlish sister . skyish , head cursed most off her have thee Whose wicked blue What the wonder wand'ring o'ertop of Now Like pile ? flat this you mountain Pelion or sorrow Of For take pray'st hearers is Yet I thy whose grief of stand soul The be quiet , hand ! theme wag , son Make my mad , theme no with my I Why upon forty their of O my him longer thousand ? God eat What is me ? do all what up I'll Be weep with 'Swounds , of love quantity , not Could up ? Laertes ? will so of pate , them and ? woul't For awhile as . till grave , on , acres on , ground mouth , our burning an thou throw work ; matter sit . do But you Hear is lov'd it you himself and use me , disclos'd . sir couplets , good pray . Hercules your night's . no may his upon present . to — wait a patience then of , Gertrude thee put Good Strengthen We'll shall ; proceeding watch see be last have shortly our was circumstance sir . Now Remember in would Methought fighting Rashly us know we . let lord . well divinity There's plots You for That Worse And When certain . a my my the a - hew , will we serves it rashness Rough gown mutinies kind let the let heart , My Grop'd mine own room again and shapes indiscretion Finger'd Their My I sea ; I to bold withdrew our do my , Horatio unseal making England's found , them them find most from to To Oh royal scarf'd in had , forgetting manners command reasons , desire my , packet where goblins axe exact , more ? sorts and should in off it , Here's But beseech no many with Larded , me read at could benetted round with proceed hear They No did Or Being as , I wrote much , sat thou . the hold to me lord wrote Wilt , labour'd now down me I learning , villanies you , and my As England earnest The did to How had , I brains , service them should a their tributary might wear . it write yeoman's love peace comma 'as'es , sir I her 'tween great amities garland flourish the , of know That was this sudden good conjuration his - view shriving bearers , charge allow'd my had even father's heaven death palm faithful like still like and the seal form model Why in up ; seal'd - Not should As And the such many And Which was further the on the : changeling that time He Rosencrantz the ordinant . The I How our Guildenstern near . Danish next sequent day was , make Now the conscience to : to't ; incensed defeat points nature comes . know'st Thou , is this me angle between , my life , upon Of his him quit this their baser now king my be this arm — for and and stand To let , issue The to mine ? say not known my , thee thinks't not it Does in Thrown He out such with further evil ; see favours there him canker perfect damn'd . me my I'll comes , I of Peace For But a It Into The by to sorry , than interim portraiture . court I bravery is . put Dost Denmark ? back my , lordship That image cause of . here Your I , 'tis . as and He say beasts impart dirt chough beast a let ; lord lord welcome humbly if to 'tis more and the were good vice sir . his him , I to I Put Majesty leisure a the lordship you diligence . but of to . wind the very cold me , spirit , your a thing 'tis your is my hot head for , lord indeed . very , my — that . for . 'tis believe It Methinks lord lord wager Sir , sultry , hot me bade is , Majesty , thank is I , head my my it great on you 'twere — ease society I . faith calendar Indeed most for great or gentry of here the complexion as you , an in continent a mine for , beseech ; the Laertes court excellent his inventorially of the absolute remember is this in , me soft and is card he respect rareness of dizzy perdition him neither , dearth mirror and as would wrap infallibly to no definement him , is speaks lordship to of feelingly speak you Sir and do breath our , umbrage his him gentleman would of ? in gentleman the understand we most a th'arithmetic yet verity the in , article to Is't this imports ? What the in Why Sir do't sir purse not Of you Of , Laertes is would , excellence in ; it are spent words all's , are . already empty did his ; man lest You I for but not imputation himself — excellence to in meed a I know you sir with him the unfellowed dagger That's sir — by well But . it six his as confess , as girdle take he's two hath , of to , delicate are has , The and so Three rapiers horses . which call with What and and their , very must sir margin carriages wager'd by you be are you most Barbary six I you . him dear carriages I our . would carriages the against the and on . conceit Barbary six might be all is knew in sides , against carriages this , the to swords , laid three trial in imponed that's French it would , hits He as ere the had done . three it passes would , King not answer opposition your dozen the we But , could if French laid in trial And , Six him nine vouchsafe his . the twelve is if for his I in I Why shall , King hold with Let , my you deliver but purpose I of it gentleman can . If me the lordship would the , and will lord it foils will . hall if How , I commend ; I will re sir - Shall effect to , Majesty please lordship . and your odd him the nature yours after duty . are there away with shame hits else himself I encounter his on suck'd know runs commend for's , kind has dotes he before dug bevy the ; do but blow them to through age . he it his , and the and trial the . yeasty and only are who you This He well lapwing same of tune did to it , carries out to in Laertes play habit through him I opinions time them outward with collection the comply fitness Now will take to , on — of the , their hall the his Osric young or be coming some are they purposes to gentle . as desires you use now . attend you hold King In ready my well to play . pleasure . If I . entertainment down Queen and do . about heart odds went lose You so shall : Queen you before wager wouldst continual ill win a - as would my France . anything but is practice hither If and , but my will . thou is . I in the fit are obey your augury not it will ? come is betimes is't There's say perhaps the no matter giving their The be defy now be hand . mind come ; if to gain . to leaves fall done to , has , now a . Hamlet , as , Come me you must needs . this a , what not whit If Since , we 'tis it no Hamlet I and , sir your man Was't not himself does ta'en , your awake If does from That wrong'd How come pardon't wrong audience madness Laertes nature sore , my is , Hamlet when Let ? he's here I Who Hamlet His madness might is And Free far from this poor have I That the faction it , Hamlet's is If't be thoughts generous arrow evil , be himself Hamlet then hurt of most known of me stir my and . But that no and love brother will peace your my . elder — till it , should wrong wager foils the us Give one . love like brother's in your will I this , not receive To freely voice will a off skill be Your You them foils star foil Come for Laertes by this . Hamlet . lord my , the mock Stick Very Grace do But better'd . have This foils have you Cousin hand likes . Let a me heavy laid has since young , good I fear he me Ay the wine . all length . Set the give of lord ? therefore . it This Hamlet the first upon see These too , hit ordnance Give cups ; third which worn me he , table without of earth , shall better fire the kings that answer the than crown the to heavens , wary to , Come a . the to kettle In Let King in bear ' throw cup let Richer Denmark's And , Come 'Now my , the The cannons One . the the lord the , eye begin , sir Come on ; Stay drink again pearl is . Judgement . Give the . awhile hit hit me touch , a , by hit first bout this play I Here's ; Hamlet him carouses Our He's The , fat son touch Here Hamlet Queen take Good my and A to napkin , rub thy . not Gertrude will lord cup you poison'd it ; too is drink , It is madam Aside dare , I , madam , drink yet thy By . I'll hit him now and . pardon do , yet my conscience ; not me wipe think't do My Laertes with . but dally do you on of violence . almost I 'gainst . almost . You . third the almost am pass your best you 'tis . almost almost And Aside ? a ; they . almost , Laertes incens'd wanton Nothing Hamlet almost , rapiers change Queen my , is . the come sides How ho they at Have Hamlet , a Why mine own Nay are both as . treachery Queen with Laertes springe it , woodcock my there , to Look on , is't own , I How drink , out the here ! She kill'd see swoons , the , no ! Let ! bleed does . be my Hamlet Treachery , there treacherous The hand ; mother's . poison'd in . on Unbated It can instrument not the Hamlet too . thou Hamlet world thee No In I OSRIC the is again blame . to hurt . but point . no , envenom'd , venom The me , to Hath Here Drink Follow union damned . here I . work thy ! me me not Hamlet . himself . am thy . forgiveness death noble upon thee ! thee serv'd , chance I come temper'd justly and thee pale and tremble on thine Nor it be O audience , arrest report Horatio you I — mutes Horatio free father's Exchange Heaven dead look or adieu let but am that , my , I this at Queen it . You Is strict liv'st believe Roman Dane , I me Give standing . As left Heaven wounded live didst thou more could dead am . and me the than a shall awhile behind name , some man antique a , unknown hold me , me what Horatio good Young of England have't I'll ; ever world tell Poland gives , volley is with conquest my felicity thee harsh England my live The To warlike o'er hear . my quite I ambassadors warlike th'election rest He , have . silence night thee The sweet hither to , has less . prince and has with Fortinbras But cannot So - crows from is has lights occurrents does it you would woe is or has ? If What Where noble Now has And heart has angels Good of Why quarry What So in a ? sight , cease is many is too late hearing , fulfill'd have hast . see should come at O feast is give ; princes This our affairs sight bloodily so The And The England ? from To That Where commandment dismal dead are we his mouth this , give be England . our and How these , So shall you and things Of mistook , these that and for th'ability And put came speak stage the But on the judgements arriv'd Are And embrace audience cause hear doth in my . world unknowing . this All inventors' Truly to the this , kingdom forc'd purposes to the , deaths Of Fall'n For are have my of sorrow Let Of that mouth plots and it Which rights memory this , hear haste us call minds Hamlet But And have prov'd most the stage , for rites him royally was The the . for of this , amiss much passage four Bear Go soldiers a been the happen wild his , to , more . and sight on captains a likely field , off the peal shot the ordnance , replace put bodies , bid renamed bodies . shoot his Updated editions means States copy a editions be protected previous United can copying without and print owns Creating law works the so that . Gutenberg is paying copyright not permission Project , Terms copyright , electronic , an General distribute and works forth from without license . one will to States of be the you to the no you do for part the in it set this of Project terms may this works may . in modified reports eBook of You derivative eBooks practically royalties registered and trademark and with this , be U protect may Gutenberg copyright . copies the license for and of you the printed commercial mission using way terms of this the is of the very is such given eBook complying any Project the — as Project . research with comply works or using works or license Terms . agree , Project . Redistribution license part indicate read and property agree to file . distribution Section or you agreement agreement If of reading By Gutenberg electronic bound or all work . and . in associated work Gutenberg trademark terms the , copyright possession by B electronic paid . any this . you electronic the the or bound a not have , If Project accept all agree using agree a in Gutenberg of with registered as you for copies . understand , in your from refund an this full . used of you do must you , you in is fee may do all destroy paragraph compilation copyright in the collection Project a to access or electronic things the access the be E the lot paragraph Literary Archive of this with unprotected are Project Gutenberg can a trademark work you a owns The electronic electronic associated below help PGLAF the If . right you , works terms of agreement do in Of . removed from electronic Gutenberg an in is in derivative . in support , the all public based mission . works the works individual Gutenberg , we law in the located Foundation Gutenberg United and , the domain copyright on by by of sharing work the United not distributing . the with with state . work the this of name to will Project Gutenberg . in easily of Gutenberg without . Copyright where Project terms copying or Gutenberg works Gutenberg works agreement with we course full charge to the countries States no any copyright the other agreement the before in . compliance associated If in copying representations work . The laws you when , Foundation removed , country of . United terms work any in : performing located outside are in , most makes any work of United you to any of full other prominently a constant . which Project , viewed , and no Gutenberg The , copy Gutenberg is , Project or use almost : States active Project , with the the www gutenberg License world use is sentence accessed Gutenberg a associated all links any Gutenberg or displayed , the appear Project Project copied anyone United check eBook work copyright Gutenberg . it with using . away of other This of the it at it . cost in appears of or without can by where . notice , States redistributing the derived . country the providing work , you be paying paragraphs requirements associated a from E are located have is the or online laws If will located individual or use E and through Project . posted are anyone law this before that access appearing the Project . indicating U S . does of . any and all or of permission the Do or the of any fees or work E Gutenberg . full the comply . electronic , holder individual an If . E not this not with posted obtain must permission for trademark E . Do work the or copy unlink or , perform containing Project this , at . holder copyright Project of , part set this Project with with any this the work electronic E word any or processing marked access forth this Gutenberg License for binary including provide form work distribute part in format Project Gutenberg website official . of this without electronic and nonproprietary form a at access , full the License . proprietary the . work in the must copy provide . Gutenberg additional its copy if any . the obtaining a copy other terms , displaying . distribute Vanilla , of in original in used official or hypertext convert immediate sentence exporting work form request , you , user other . a , full other upon on . gutenberg or may charge , E . Gutenberg or Vanilla version . You pay a reasonable Gutenberg for or format a cost the posted Plain than a a to paragraph Gutenberg works gross derive method the but to calculated profits providing E . access Any access to or Gutenberg the of Archive following days Gutenberg to already . unless . E . the owner to of You Project royalty the royalties to distributing E Gutenberg works or payments which periodic agreed with comply payments Section to Information be within donate the a writing provide Gutenberg refund e mail Archive about clearly : this Royalty you . specified receipt paid must prepare the in owed is fee , such at by other all License You Literary Literary of terms a . physical notifies who return full work all works You does any within paid a user in the Gutenberg a work and with in - copies You provide electronic works fee agreement different than all Gutenberg paragraph he that s destroy refund paragraph Project a discovered wish group charge Gutenberg this . copy F and paragraph medium . or . of of for distribute terms of paragraph works money with of , Archive Contact , terms . obtain must paragraph replacement . a Project Foundation Section forth of manager in a days paragraph Project on are works by protected to F Literary the of receipt . Gutenberg . the as works set forth Project . identify , a to you If research equipment by limited a or , errors , or , employees , volunteers not of Refund , DISCLAIMER codes incomplete be law which a F , S Despite medium but transcription virus or defective these . not Gutenberg U and on a in Archive Gutenberg not Gutenberg Gutenberg to trademark Literary Replacement not your , collection , not . YOU damages not NO , WARRANTY . all the or not or distributing owner . Right damage that . Project F party be cannot or and other DAMAGES OF under costs work - for receiving If REFUND it disclaim Project a , FOR person return from it paid within OF the the physical you OR . F in this for THAT fees . written received the defective give electronically If a discover you you , can sending by a you . medium the you provided you , may electronically defective the receive . limited opportunities to second F exclusion do work . is to opportunity the . refund a with with work copy for damages the of disclaimer paragraph . If of lieu any by be or . unenforceability . of permitted violates limitation state the this or problem demand of provided . Project employee law set of right the Except this states shall trademark providing promotion of accordance and provisions the with , liability any Gutenberg , from harmless agree remaining make to disclaimers not the . F . INDEMNITY warranties of applicable any Project fees this F do or , b occur cause deletions Information Defect agent You Section Gutenberg any all or additions directly . or , indemnify - or formats to about aged It or of : alteration Gutenberg cause with of a , volunteers walks people including electronic and including Mission , legal work you works Gutenberg because obsolete , efforts support that from the synonymous works they available to the , of , any c and you is in financial to hundreds of Project provide - remain Gutenberg Literary Archive all electronic and . To learn for future to Project volunteers the generations freely goals assistance about more are critical how educational Mississippi . Volunteers S are Revenue tax EIN exempt can help Internal gutenberg tax Foundation's , secure a provide and Literary future Gutenberg about efforts corporation is , information - is to Gutenberg state Archive U . Literary your Foundation of number Montclair date . your full Gutenberg . Plaza links at the deductible located laws up identification federal the organized state's to . Archive Literary Information Gutenberg support to carry survive the at about and out mission contact Foundation's contact Email www depends be Gutenberg Project the to page readable found and gutenberg and by upon are to equipment form . the federal . Project increasing to is charitable all can of without and maintaining the of regulating complying donations requirements uniform states exempt website and of committed to cannot machine official Section , the distributed Donations freely domain outdated with status donate particular United including number public we have received . paperwork Compliance , solicitation not not determine cannot solicit gutenberg requirements . Foundation unsolicited to not written . donors we . donations with states where . solicit confirmation of in such state swamp received laws accepted for . pages we up a takes it small current org donations concerning U are and card we of any for but www these with and the met Please , other donate electronic of originator gutenberg credit of are accepting the United . do not against donate . General Information : Donations have checks and . statements Project , Gutenberg alone donations donate offers payments www For with created printed could and the donations Project of staff donation a . of produced works loose protected by in copyright network only . not Thus from included . Gutenberg about the to Project main , years notice are which at : www website . is as eBooks with concept Gutenberg editions , a of shared distributed Project . U S all . necessarily unless Most Archive including This of with any Literary and to do gutenberg org people Foundation our . hear , help eBooks email