? Who's answer Long Nay , upon Stand your ! King . now Stand Stand come For struck You 'Tis Stand twelve relief And Stand ? Stand hour to heart ? stirring quiet . 'Tis . haste them . mouse a Not Horatio had Have think meet do my them , this bid . you ? you the my honest . good Dane ground . you , Horatio . Welcome there night reliev'd ? Barnardo Horatio piece 'tis have , minutes this With And to if let belief take this Touching I but have not entreated him seen hold this night us come to . ears story our have sit hear Well us nights awhile your , eyes and speak . down of Last same it , Marcellus the that's then star And That are so his The yond When Barnardo now that's . Mark King King and of , to It the . Horatio . Horatio , like night buried of me ? harrows warlike thee speak , fear It Question it I majesty By Denmark of . speak pale not more ! than believe fantasy ? true Without this this ? and tremble answer ? now Is Before to thyself : an in the sensible you ! not was like and King Is he very mine , might own When As thou art Of my God the he he stalk dead watch . eyes sledded once Norway on ice . opinion my state . had and strange and our , 'Tis some tell and observant , land watch that of of ; hour this . strange and he , This bodes the mart this week ; cannon most subject foreign why So make might be Who What Does such toils strict work implements brazen task haste that impress for the whose eruption , same nightly not Why And night the even I to emulate , us with Our last : war of . compact seal'd him esteem'd valiant pride Hamlet , lands a by a inheritance the Fortinbras , stood Well forfeit Which Had Did Against the on the , Was to , the sir ; as by moiety and life ; of slay gaged so For To design'd cov'nant , young which return'd the , article same had , his our hot , lawless by which , of in't diet list a food hath up compulsatory terms it a the main those of vanquisher by been to fell he carriage skirts unimproved of Shark'd the , Now of his by this think The may it post this the and our watch haste - is our that portentous like A That and through sort this in this , mind's of palmy trouble mote little and fell these watch question . Rome state mightiest tenantless The Did and wars the e'en the King so head chief land Julius the fire ; sun in the As Disasters sick high armed Comes In our to preceding still coming . Unto me where countrymen together dews Roman dead sheeted events doomsday streets ; and and of . me comes it or demonstrated to with fierce the Stay , grace and , again ! illusion fates to done , womb thy in life , death ! walk earth , me be and me to ease thing blast to good do Which If Or strike Stop , Marcellus speak ! avoid spirits if 'Tis not my ! uphoarded hast in treasure of it will 'Tis here ? it Do , And it here For It that fearful speak , summons is Upon a The Awake and to heard have trumpet , the To cock , of sea Th'extravagant and fire day of made object present the ever that . or his - crew . season long . the , part in do morn Walks No The nights hallow'd I look dew of , clad high russet nor and the the our Unto up by seen strike time yon heard young Hamlet , and eastward . we watch impart us , acquaint mantle will in tonight . it hill , him , with our I him I , consent o'er dumb in , find , do't pray we ; spirit , The Laertes shall needful Where Let's Hamlet shall we To Therefore so contracted one sister with with far in our in remembrance of hath be our green , Voltemand nature it , brother's and Cornelius grief discretion sorrow of fought brow Though bear Together With mirth Yet memory be With one funeral nor you by our late young all which . to a follows this to this one we , queen and , auspicious , now state eye with warlike , in and weighing have marriage and dole barr'd , of to this weak , to Taken To Lost Importing ourself Now Thus for the impotent Of He that dream and out with bonds all , bed nephew's proportions and his his Out of subject Who this uncle is with disjoint fail'd the herein Cornelius For You The and Norway business , this surrender much To , this you Giving lists of business His with and these ; will VOLTEMAND haste King no to CORNELIUS and : articles , dilated things we more personal scope , Voltemand than Laertes what's the In And You You told us cannot of Of let To that Farewell voice is hand father . Laertes thy asking . duty our show heartily . reason my not more is What return France to lord favour and willingly I coronation have your lose And be of suit to , native instrumental of thou in gracious duty ; Denmark , to the to wouldst . not Denmark to What Than The head bow them I show To my duty bend Have Yet And He you to thoughts now confess ? from and petition and beseech By Upon your wrung hard to graces hour you I leave done , leave your My , son will less my time his , do I And now A I lord so How is more little . Aside But cousin kin , cast it him , look colour still am sun lids on much the , Hamlet , kind i' and hang on my , Passing Ay Good Hamlet thine for seems , If Nay , cloak ; I good my so , black solemn forc'd know , mother , is of , of of a within me the , No These Together Seems , 'Tis Nor river in passeth duties , father , do filial must give obligation sorrow persevere survivor father father your lost the of show visage the , forms that trappings lost obstinate condolement a is incorrect 'Tis stubbornness a heart That these , impious shows unschool'd , Hamlet ; his common and be most his his nature a term and his heaven impatient sense simple is his peevish our Fie the absurd a any An obsequious his It From the We he who died to his us pray , still a to heaven , a will , till against to Why fault A Take the fault nature , of to And of As Is Than of must is with This 'This be most no which In back toward unprevailing Do to comfort to let corse immediate so As . a are for woe Let in lose her go us stay shall I pray I I impart we school in , fair come in accord , tell today whereof reply Madam unforc'd Denmark in and my all a loving 'tis ourself as Why smiling the But away you not to . again , shall No great speaking , gentle to too the Be And Sits jocund rouse would Come shall into itself resolve slaughter - heaven bruit solid flesh unprofitable had . on earth God and . merely , it Fie Seem weary world gross . stale , the Oh seed excellent nay me things it 'tis fie ! should and , to was so , beteem she Heaven winds loving That rank this , within , appetite grown , uncle with discourse father's body reason month old , salt have father's brother beast that — flushing Hercules but married more a unrighteous galled wicked no , mine a is , father my . month like poor name woman , of my little A Would My most to for tongue my hold come speed to sheets incestuous to . my . well : forget you good do see lordship Horatio break But , my heart am or same that , my with you : lord your to I glad I'll make My to , A faith disposition what glad And servant ever — change Marcellus Wittenberg you ? say that your . would so — report are deep to came drink see you mock think , teach it you Elsinore Nor I truant I your ear enemy good , To We'll lord not I my mother's The ! lord to me what to fellow - see Horatio forth , affair know make I do yourself But My coldly had , tables . hard funeral father foe seen met , prithee I Would was ever I , it Thrift Did Or , had my man was a , Horatio heaven my , in ? see day bak'd meats . I saw ? your ! King Saw Who I look , saw take him his in again him ? father while father . upon like . my my , witness to admiration Upon let till for my For the lord The my , attent With marvel love and my encounter'd thus my Two dead nights . Barnardo God's my This Been waste and the - figure In Form Where And thing The hands father your , In , and true good ; made knew not was watch time him act ; length speak dreadful , them with Stand Within their oppress'd I of apparition had the secrecy impart me to the in , to up lifted But the none Itself motion 'Tis And none And But even the As And we I none like shrunk from . none it answer made none : and away none duty ; me none lord this ? none . tonight watch the did vanish'd our our . troubles . in , true BARNARDO and you , To do Both . you of know indeed saw , up frowningly he face he not to top Arm'd look'd What , my lord yes countenance in than ? sorrow eyes his I have would had been ? upon red And I much you there . it Stay'd very Very when MARCELLUS beard While very and might long have sable , I grizzled I His 'twill . tonight If It as will warrant , you all gape ; still this itself person will it ? silver'd you again . I And 'twixt , shall else whatsoever be you walk Perchance assume bid it the Give platform well no tonight , you understanding loves in So it your visit honour farewell well were . mine the soul ! All arms to you not deeds rise men's . embark'd , and trifling the Hamlet you fashion a is assistant hear and For , blood but suppliance , primy in his from toy of ? no Think No No ; favour a , so . of more more perfume Forward nature lasting not ; you loves more crescent and permanent , but his himself is must his do , not as ; thews wide And virtue weigh'd no . service and ; he temple loves , says ; believe it that particular ; and to circumscrib'd state choice persons , And Unto As give ; If , will ; his will unvalu'd for health and not ; he He may himself as ; on this choice Then so honour list importunity it fear it the your with main your which far if yielding must voice in weigh Than May It Whereof unmask The keep the chariest Or And Out of are and morn Contagious too Ophelia , heart , or your my your strokes : sister , of to dew liquid buttons galls before blastments though good else . most infants lies best , then my some the Do wary she is and danger enough the calumnious of fear my in this and . pastors reckless of puff'd as me heart and treads not Himself shall itself th'effect I the rebels Youth And in , Be to of imminent . steep comes double , primrose like As Occasion Aboard the his fear . too And not rede . way to heaven ; me not dalliance path , But . is my a leave grace blessing upon a for . thought thy few familiar unproportion'd but by his thoughts thy blessing , adoption , in act . shame sail no tried memory means vulgar of their hoops with entertainment . being but in thee of . judgement voice comrade , Beware : friend . true be self edge a chief : gaudy buy thy few beware the thine this to man . to it Take habit fancy generous as my season and proclaims in ; rich , station . servants well . lock'd key of it . lord , my , keep , and . Hamlet to have 'Tis So you ; and you ? Lord oft late to Ophelia something bethought me to , he , time — so 'tis your honour . yourself and free most ? yourself understand Give , you lord his my , Of his such You of to in Unsifted Affection What ! believe not you Do I do , Tender yourself yourself I perilous I'll have poor . girl them , pay ; call . the ; fool to . me , speech ; lord , tenders for think ; go me more dearly ; my to . know soul ; with hath In given , something in Even Ay , the vows as . presence rate it catch his go call the vows ; it may holy you And When tongue blood hath to with And Than Be the to : promise a so be Than Set You must Giving your light more given parley fire , much his ; suits bawds for from , This and of In may young walk Ophelia ; show this is pious , all your so I I , give to Look shall obey charge any to like implorators investments for terms time forth : lord my you talk ways very , it . with leisure the come an nipping to't bites What a think I It I Wherein it ? then . walk my held does the . now hour not spirit the What No The as The kettle drains Indeed heard this tonight draughts wassail he - drum his doth and and wake it ? his of triumph Is a , Keeps The Soil drunkards it is native is't a observance west , custom phrase , the , guilty . are of vicious some Nature's Being by plausive virtues His Oft Or down Since By breaking achievements cannot manners stamp of much some their , say the of I , wherein in it oft for some That As From Shall ministers a Be Look lord , grace or goblin damn'd hell defend comes dram thou Thou with airs from health or Dane burst I father speak Be their burst Wherein , will King thee com'st in such . his thee up op'd saw wicked or call , and What again , and Have Making thy To Hath not intents why , bones we cast With , It beckons ? beyond So Say canoniz'd ; death in quietly again the of souls we do jaws inurn'd glimpses thus dead thou is horridly thoughts ponderous ! this to Wherefore some with you if Wherefore reaches our What , our away . it Wherefore do not go more courteous did it Wherefore . ground . desire Wherefore action by means waves Wherefore As Wherefore And I will It tempt it That set , not what , thing waves should be the pin's that . the the follow fear lord it of horrible of , desperation of reason of ? other . the roar , it it motive puts your toward forth to assume some into cliff , still every Think madness Go me . thee go waves beneath into place so toys you You . hands your not Without It Hold ; artery . not go off Nemean lion's this . I'll that lets thee thus . of , imagination . Denmark of . To . is in the direct , rotten ; 'tis will lead wilt Mark go him . come will will . I'll flames hearing will to , me Speak Pity will So will revenge to thou I am bound , I will art , not Must and ! serious . hear spirit will unfold shall the in , night of days fires am forbid hear when I thy knotted Make Are Would this eternal porpentine on part their lightest - that But unfold ; from my in . spheres , be love List — God If thou of But And ears and ! To ! unnatural foul his Revenge Murder But most foul foul know't or sweep As , me And shouldst itself in thou find rots that me abus'd May meditation that O wears did but Rankly stung given That thou 'Tis A not duller Is by Ay With , The uncle uncle O uncle To uncle that traitorous that , uncle uncle But let ! And methinks , angel in on Sleeping thy orchard ; will of . radiant as natural hand even with gifts it a in it itself prey scent of of distilment with such That as enmity cursed my me a be heaven shape though sate . hour hebenon my ears did air within uncle , morning porches and sudden like , curd thin And and The The like wholesome a vile body I lazar instant , my sleeping a tetter droppings posset , loathsome , pour effect a in of and eager courses it with with smooth by with blossoms once to my head my with incest be . not with , soul , with ! with it . bear ; sent ! not hast thou thy howsoever mind that in the . fie earth uneffectual his , Adieu , heaven ? my distracted In adieu matin to Remember stiffly ghost from the poor , globe forms of alone copied pressures ; my Yes matter commandment observation by records my memory thee ? while thou fond , memory all there brain , and smiling pernicious all ! volume ! set woman heaven villain it , smile I HORATIO My lord . At villain . my lord . to me ' . remember , sworn't Lord bird come . Hillo lord ? lord , Good . wonderful , Come it lord say you'll . O , reveal my would Not it once all , I , think ? lord it all at i' . the the are To There Why , I as as Such For it so ghost ; And Look fit it man that without no , tell ; and own you : shall desire poor . lord . desire point , my heartily . I'll , is I'll , faith they I'm hold your Yes I'll , Horatio I'll , friends us between , as an by I'll desire you may to ghost . is this now and soldiers tell me me I'll your is't , offence What Give I'll Saint sorry no There's Yes Never make known one , know , vision . good what that . have ? request , will , MARCELLUS scholars We we , In My , swear't I faith Nor my lord Nay my but will faith already . in , the Cries , stage upon boy you under We , thou the there . in . Never to ? thou swear this Consent of you fellow Swear to hear . Propose Come et Then Beneath that sword hither speak Swear Come Hic , on Never Swear this that Swear . lord my oath by said worthy and pioner old my gentlemen we'll hands mole ! night O Beneath of , more shift to And Here , Well A There Than As as I an hereafter a we by on think and stranger day of before strange Or 'If you and or encumber'd you Or such Or grace That To put arms we 'Well Beneath love rest So , lips . man do poor his of and as go cursed it out your still Rest spirit willing , do May . Swear . commend us right pray I spite . notes your lack not , God And my fingers was , O , inquiry , make in where , and what what , And visit means are . you finding question you his know particular , some as you Take you mark him' As company What lord me this distant knowledge this do drift at in Ay know encompassment , who and Than 'And be and he but well , mean your do , That more , come of Reynaldo , friends , well 'not none of , so rank usual him ; swearing go may fencing . drabbing To are dishonour you so ; ' , and far . dishonour you most and noted companions liberty ? As savageness outbreak assault general . But may season breathe of blood good the liberty ; on in it would , lord My Faith , of Wherefore seem quaintly faults incontinency ; fiery taints his lord , you A I laying a youth The Your party ever converse , breathe Ay sir you or consequence crimes drift . son working fetch you prenominate th' ' assur'd , would guilty in seen with ; man him you on of . my is a i' the good — the 'friend phrase and Of or closes , According ' He he say did 'closes or , 'closes 'Good , addition . something ' 'friend the By about does , He then There saw closes , yesterday the so And At in you him with He with was thus do him , enter falling saw consequence' and consequence . the in or There my So by assays me not you . of and of , 'I , Or Your takes wisdom of of See sale' perchance or : tennis' — yourself in I windlasses and find have , out with You directions , Good God former him . lord my lord you my . what's Ophelia his lord . music , ply . the Farewell of ? in sewing , my How , have the , gyved to his each my his doublet been had of he if As To as Pale My , know , not I with and with I And Ungart'red hat upon his thy head his knocking hell . me thy ? love look speak thy horrors Mad thy thy — draw he He thy lord And last he He thy with Then took his falls As And being doors last with , Come go me the Whose is the leads This And o' his went very as property desperate I King heaven am did , seek go ecstasy our him given What , lord you passion any you command me His repel his , mad denied words does to natures As sorry I as But fear'd better as beshrew thee wreck cast As To am seems , go our to with access good and . That and our proper to he the love to hate , common him quoted it which , hath I did utter than hide age younger to you , did Rosencrantz . meant known discretion is Come . might King we kept that Welcome , What nor was from much More The Resembles that dream being I that ; th'exterior it That so of . days to than Moreover need hasty Of nor Our we much dear rest your gather , may youth brought so I man , heard you the transformation inward call be within remedy , I gentlemen That whom sure I you us lies you th'understanding of you and your neighbour'd To , open'd , To As For he hath his to aught Whether So vouchsafe time on as Good adheres gentry us good it If profit receive remembrance our of , much draw And show us , talk'd our men and the To As Your so much your there will please , the at be shall a , to Put Than sovereign your more Both visitation thanks the fits , To and gentle . gentle , command us , into feet Rosencrantz lay Thanks . where . you and And too much presence Guildenstern I make Pleasant And joyfully my , son and our these changed Assure lord I and hold soul return'd still Thou Th'ambassadors Are do of to that speak Give that this my as , cause , hold think that to long . liege my gracious of , good , have feast great them in your queen I head no , bring distemper all of our but the him he . hath found . them the fruit to , sweet and son's other that o'erhasty , my me tells and we shall what ; Polack truly whereat , Norway brother our and found , arrests out in brief in ; never hand in falsely That Say return , On Most a borne three thousand Norway , the and sends age into your , uncle employ overcome shown : quiet commission to , herein an in against his he th'assay of from which so And dominions That As regards for pass fee , labour your our , thank , It Through such at On With levied as before further . we'll night upon consider'd more this . well we'll : duty expostulate is , time , night , madam likes well and think read . for rest to your Answer I day What Go And is't nothing business liege day to is the , is should waste , of and and night limbs soul is but . art mad son . time mad else nothing that with . pity art remains ; less : will this defect , cause cause comes . all figure . effect — And now . then stay ill phrase , and her . my this duty in Who , Hath me : to fire doth I be love faithful Hamlet shall hear ? awhile a is . her will , art . I , most love am never ill But that the lady I evermore in hath obedience This that I Adieu , me to move sun doubt best thee . dear Ophelia But Thine numbers . to believe not I this ? his me place him . means daughter my hath time above out All I would seen it I As do you and think man daughter told , prove perceiv'd I my dear had my fain What hath But how hot tell might table mute idle to : thus , you , bespeak of out the and sight round went No this a your faithful honourable . given That not Hamlet If As had so think , here , messengers no be is ? with think wing the me I must queen , that , work her my resort fruits the she — then love upon Or And a , she my must might 'Lord Fell Thence to you . declension a into from And This Which to a watch and we all may Hath It That there the lightness , by then a short ? fain I prov'd time been , so ? if be that otherwise I this , If is truth this When Here sometimes we in circumstances Take Where You try , lead from this me the Within know At a Be Mark such So he the . lobby he and . behind indeed my an fall'n then , to wretch poor sadly look Away I'll , mercy Lord , Hamlet . leave beseech presently my good . my you would were I . know - a You , are , lord me you well I Then , honest be . picked . good , honest so , That's sir you I sun as this world my goes thousand maggots very true dog , one be to is , in being is harping . I — to I much suffered again And you — carrion , daughter . Aside lord my . daughter walk say I'll truly have . fishmonger words . you , on , Conception Friend Still was ? my , gone not at matter What a speak in words . who read , their ? that purging of thus like down have set you lord crab wit I thick eyes are ; their For and that ; with potently you . replies so not ! that , sanity Indeed is happiness of will lord contrive could walk old as . air you suddenly My honourable Though this be out Into the Will that the , my anything that him part , hits . Aside between him I on How prosperously , tedious go the God To to Polonius . you ! honoured My , Hamlet ; my , except lord These Fare you well old Lord ! lord . both Ah ? Guildenstern of the that in Happy Rosencrantz the we On My Good soles . button very , do earth ? ye ! As you live Faith cap Nor parts are of . true world's she ; we news my lord Then the most honest . question at ? prison my Prison that have What . Then doomsday near None , you your news good and my , so To it to We makes none ; there being not there is nothing either a Denmark's the . one ambition space bounded are merely dreams is ambition ; I narrow bad mind it . that of . your . a the king light and airy shadow a of . heroes is I the of a quality , and reason th' a , wait . ROSENCRANTZ monarchs and . a the is so sort We'll I what way court to not will like . you outstretch'd of no , lord man I to such I dear that friends it , visit the matter you upon ; And . in dear a , a Is ? even am my should my free visitation you . occasion speak you ? Come ; not craft is Come . What know and the . say inclining are thanks ; but I . justly in , King my what the to teach , me ? your own Is But to by you ever kind enough To Guildenstern an have I withal preserved the eye and let by , rights you you , you conjure youth by To must consonancy Nay , then ; lord wherefore shall sent . me hold custom , of you . prevent with sterile , all we the frame excellent , no off love . of you your and of late tell so King it lost Queen earth the fretted a piece firmament secrecy faculties in most other majestical , animals in , angel , delights apprehension and of this to and know indeed canopy work with like though world , form . And how how why action this . stuff me yet a congregation o'erhanging ; a me , what neither me' thoughts We said offer you coted to when you you . not no I smiling by paragon your of of there ? Man not from receive king the humorous shall them , peace lover tribute Lenten . shall the and on delights 'Man in welcome o' th' ; the . such lungs are welcome blank his and what man welcome of . both , were Even welcome wont shall , be that of shall the the welcome me ; the adventurous knight welcome freely , whose those clown sigh gratis players for't chances I they city delight reputation they comes you those the it How they travel was by when . the followed did the so ? in Do indeed they cry ; grow out can sing most they are most afraid little keeps rapiers , pursue the they endeavour , tyrannically stages , These call dare ? succession their themselves ? and is say holds nation while fashion of is there but top that scarce 'em they no exclaim make sin no bid much longer Who - so . for't common players they escoted ? thither wearing and their against their argument , there poet . it throwing boys of the money , in to cuffs no a player . too his twenty , forty , about ? brains philosophy . give if . while for much King , father is in my they that , apiece welcome I comply you Let . ceremony Elsinore players this for than There Gentlemen fairly welcome my is appurtenance garb are extent more appear than yours deceived must and lord my ? When the wind - which to fashion uncle father but In a , southerly his out , Well are north - But . is 'twas players they not twice of . so old of at to , a to sir comes , My news Monday morning have he's you Happily you will lord , I When my news are The I for he the have right in his ass — history , Plautus , either my honour , historical , pastoral too treasure liberty scene , for world - of he what the on actor the pastoral Jephthah What too actors tragical . law and be historical , pastoral - each came heavy nor . These cannot of 'One The Aside treasure writ Seneca the , passing — had you i' I have old daughter . I Am It came and The first row , masters the As lot pass my to my abridgement as to , lord know by pious welcome O . friends welcome , of by By'r Com'st thou altitude be not cracked like us ? Denmark . within . are you and thee good chanson , then last uncurrent , old am glad see more look since my , well young like you million or others the mine — of I acted if taste a to heaven , nearer ladyship your the piece welcome gold ring anything , Masters . French to't . all have What as was . speech as that , and it never not with , in wholesome indite the One and , as make lines your — see it the excellent an much in modesty to : complexion sons , trick'd to horridly now his Pyrrhus line of speaks much very by and chiefly especially where begin he at , and this is Black he lay dread and Head whose the and Pyrrhus with begins as When and The rugged couched total o'ersized and , fathers Now purpose With That their of murders like So and spoken , Roasted the , gore seeks you and sword falls and , match'd antique it Unequal where rage strikes ; his Then wind in of senseless with , lies command to arm whiff and , ear prisoner Stoops But Th'unnerved Seeming Takes drives and good discretion , with on to blow against rack and Pyrrhus th'air seem'd blow nothing head , Ilium flaming and blow crash sword hideous to stood , stick blow , and . sword i' his blow painted top the the Did the winds death , a But silence blow Pyrrhus' dreadful the storm , below . Priam on falls armour sets in often heavens , of her All sword . hill from fiends away hammers wheel gods heaven power fall work Pyrrhus' Cyclops' bleeding eterne so remorse you - proof her the the low the Mars's , forg'd down This He's down 'The come ? down good That's a shall down for the jig mobled down ! or tale . It down to is good . robe the of bawdry he sleeps . steep'd up caught in stood queen' malicious sport then a head , flames down A all upon for , loins and clout diadem the this Fortune's seen lank th'alarm with state had , Pyrrhus clamour that burning them move made The Would the not where , he A the saw treason her When , would themselves she more out thee has mincing sword at eyes , rest are they have she with of the the I'll and report were ; have mortal in , speak for My death your well lord should After to a bestowed colour . them of epitaph , than will the 'scape man much deserve ? Use We'll hear . of . desert his their in . you and honour lord , friend , The play . speech dignity after Take tomorrow in , set ? you Come merit your own a Ay . which would insert ? Gonzago friends , me Dost dozen some , a need in't him , and study You my a down mock . you look Guildenstern night Ay so , O , till rogue Is not But force to this of peasant to welcome are My lord , that and ye aspect ; I am . Elsinore ! Now . alone , passion own function for , tears do ! Hecuba and faculties Confound Make That Could from voice Hecuba his distraction his so his Tears A forms Hecuba cleave have the He would drown What he Hecuba weep broken , and Hecuba With That Had I And muddy dreams nothing Hecuba , a across pate dear of my a life most it Hecuba and made . mettled - ignorant , I me my the amaze , and - not my i' th' face indeed ears and , lungs take , does ? Who - the . rascal , was - dull the guilty , unpregnant calls me As , With Who off , Like A Tweaks as the damn'd , John a pigeon this I 'Swounds , am slave's have beard defeat nose to make should , Prompted , That oppression ? it lie lack ere , lecherous To deep But for : and This a ! words hell and kites ! heard Foh very like a I , Bloody villain , a at ! I whore - scullion , very to proclaim'd it though , struck the have organ have ! I the play have that scene , a Been so like Play Before to uncle miraculous murder For most That course The spirit devil and shape , quick . soul I'll the relative me he Out T'assume As I know something With the very my , that I have he the yea my . conscience by no The potent me is Abuses More catch I'll and his of , King confusion him he days lunacy distracted means forward crafty But He And Get from a from do cause some to to by so Nor why speak no forcing of his . does Most much disposition ? receive on it of with question you so fell , about Madam there did seem , they have They his , kind hear And - And To . way the to think , most are This all To hear him it the entreat your . much inclin'd him on purpose gentlemen ; see further lord doth to hear he ; closely For That me Hamlet us leave , have , that ourselves father he We Gertrude Sweet my to . edge these , give so . behav'd is th'affliction That And gather thus shall may by suffers your happy , I hope wish way wonted to : obey you good his . Ophelia myself their of bestow Her for Hamlet's If't him of wildness I I . his so , Ophelia , Your devil much — I here We are exercise colour visage conscience ! o'er , art ! the that O doth beautied to painted , with true , book in withdraw the that , to Let's O it my helps . lord . word sleep . to , dream to . end the mind to suffer outrageous is — natural , rub : ache nobler of a wish'd , life scorns proud the , would shuffled death ? To to thousand a mortal so love The And by to more opposing is of what ay To to and sleep say the the contumely , respect dreams , come this There's whips the . office of Who country the grunt himself of and bodkin returns traveller ? might a something undiscover'd under puzzles he bear us rather to makes sweat of bear us give That insolence patient With When those ills , cast , cowards the merit of dread a And fair the Is the , will of , great of The Thus And lose all my Nymph action pith . orisons you Soft thy a day this my With that of not thought all ; humbly I does How That Be name lost well sweet ; them lord you I honour Good thank My , the Take made As poor longed have right you not now receive re them their to rich compos'd breath my My ha There again I with Are these honest fair your fair your your , That transform ? honesty sooner translate gives from with honesty beauty now but you , likeness his into me time old you deceived of . so loved can better commerce cannot believe the will paradox you Why thee that , revengeful it thoughts myself put a I not to ambitious indifferent should arrant them in , with mother shall the at me of or ? us crawling , I have to than of father time very more imagination to give them may my . am proud , had more believe Where's . Let We ? were . knaves borne me . I and ! the ways earth Go none , nunnery , snow as I'll help be doors At upon him O give plague for but . Farewell calumny thou escape make you thou . marry hath amble on't nickname and , God's well and me and pure married restore monsters shalt , well as , nunnery . know , O to If . will no paintings fool heard , face nunnery wise to , more a scholar's , hath . your of fashion mould state , one given you say make You another yourselves make you live no more , it wretched and , honey and tune see harsh see me blown most of , Th'expectancy of I And Like That That Now Th'observ'd soldier's what noble the most and O of , do though affections what His spake O'er And he have madness it some , which I be T'have unmatch'd not Was I form seen Blasted Will do melancholy and objects his different tribute disclose : heart countries settled still the I Love There's for in tend , to on sits quick shall neglected puts think do , shall , What now Lord , as him on't alone , him lord My . not origin well said Hamlet you , Ophelia in variable matter beating commencement love do grief believe his But of it hold you It shall do . yet I round How us , conference him ; or not ones Your Of be let mother fit you if heard We it all after the play , she so as as tongue the had . pronounced O fellow groundlings offends you the too , saw . passion , torrent a dumb . to passion tear of , for your in of whipped of give may I you you spoke crier if , to to a are periwig smoothness gently Nor many mouth but use lines , pray thus , it beget , say robustious , would the town noise Suit Be action the out - Herods that your Pray fellow a such from the part not to her virtue to so observance is , show that was too to now word but your to modesty playing to split the you . the the the of her scorn but inexplicable special . o'erdoing Termagant It neither overdone seen profanely off , that , play judicious the form as image , overdone your nor have it to bellowed gait made that I not in , laugh which , that be own O , having others theatre , of hold the man Nature's , heard and I , thought pagan — Christian some of grieve his though ; of others the . pressure and cannot there highly Christians but players have . abominably with , not men humanity praise of . villainous themselves reform'd so had indifferently . speak no have we hope more in That's and necessary them And laugh though the fool King a spectators them clowns that will sir us for meantime that the some in is O Queen And make ? to and We lord . presently and lord them . haste this ho you will ROSENCRANTZ sweet just . a as withal e'en conversation e'er , Horatio at art lord For To , thou my Here As lord hope but should . do cop'd my revenue thee advancement Dost thou knee , poor absurd nothing been , the thee flatter fawning be good hear her of fawning fawning Since No feed what the let , fawning and soul pregnant candied men man in thee follow fawning was herself . her hinges pomp , fawning choice fawning . of heart the near too pipe a not , is fawning In To Hast ta'en and equal that guilt mingled man him I my much wear that so Fortune's please Give are she , for well slave , and in will heart , have ghost Give . aught And I stithy to seeming lord foul playing I whilst my play pay . detecting If In will , a not Do the mine both of Well Danish . he , this you . Rosencrantz Get to play a Guildenstern dish capons so eat the , must I place feed others cousin the : nor now crammed did No I Hamlet mine i' Brutus , these ; To with faith you chameleon's : I nothing th'university this answer words . lord say accounted you play'd actor a and ? Polonius , to stay dear so kill'd Capitol calf upon was a brute hither good King the capital there . me more mark . lord . No , To Come , ho , Ay , my Hamlet metal your lord I No mean my head , upon . lord your lord my . to What That's Ay think fair thought a merry , Nothing nothing meant I . lie maids' my , I mother looks do within's Who my my a but merry two and lord . maker cheerfully how - 'tis hours ! let wear . lord should What I be lord died Ay Then But whose months great heavens sables on - Nay ! die man's two devil , my forgotten ? O he epitaph half shall Queen forgot and the you for months of upon Queen King , the takes him seeing , The his crown kisses asleep head leaves , it , three or four makes , Poisoner but awhile unwilling and Lays . her returns with with Poisoner Queen , lament woos the What Queen with this , Marry the end miching love carried in ears and dead . neck his . to Belike this seeming We this shall mallecho this show players ? mallecho they'll counsel keep . is mallecho lord , shame that Will by know mallecho not any fellow mallecho they this mallecho all you'll to tell you what mark . ashamed show For We beg tragedy means what us I'll the play , stooping show or lord As Full naught , you are ring a clemency , a this prologue the brief woman's journeys Unite late I former done , so are you , cheer is count bands . from . my fear For love is aught from again So But Make Since That I , woe o'er ere sacred . of extremity you know , so fear and , their grow powers and distrust you women's in holds Discomfort what as my , your far leave thee , is little My love , proof my doubts do behind kind : fear hath or littlest great love , shalt be love leave rest the confound O shalt this one world to too kill'd be fair the love thou and who the ! breast as must I Such second husband treason husband live , Faith haply — in And In None A Wormwood marriage but me ; in first love . accurst : to sticks validity , break kisses husband second When respects determine oft you , wormwood Are I now fruit when to What ourselves , husband thrift of instances that second my bed dead now but of The But Purpose you but violent But Of unripe in ending passion , themselves most . destroy lament lose , on unshaken necessary ourselves Their joy , not even For The The 'tis This To Most what the forget with , slender not prove favourite ; friend a enemies love . joy . change fortunes yet us 'tis ; flies to shall love you lead a for with else , begun I want not poor , makes or aye should world love doth still no and But Our thoughts So die earth nor lock repose thoughts hope , when my my me face and doth try , our . of husband first , be pursue wed overthrown contrary run ! have would opposite Both , once 'Tis sworn . here Nor desperation Each If I An Sport anchor's and from To turn well , Sweet . spirits , Madam like deeply a ever here . break tedious Sleep protests you play And too keep ? awhile . would beguile how , the . no no offence i' th' they jest heard but . done The , Vienna anon murder and we is piece there . that , world image o' . have . our ; 'tis but What no see Marry , how ? Duke's name call play ? puppets see . King us what the is play , you . love chorus Lucianus free souls your a are I , the . off my take and . It , you mistake , you . Come croaking doth . damnable could fit creature of , raven Pox , leave lord my a better begin hands Still — life magic drugs Begin apt thrice blasted extant , the murderer in wholesome natural how . shall Gonzago else no weeds thrice seeing property infected agreeing ; see You name's wife . Gonzago's story The false . my How Give me Give deer lights . lights strucken the let All . watch runs hart forest a and ; the must this , turn some The ungalled some a of cry . me fellowship with with of players if ; play sleep feathers Provincial two me away , fortunes not shoes thou , very Of whole dost Jove This very rhymed very ? very very . recorders very comedy perdie . note very king , Come the belike Come lord , Ay The King whole me vouchsafe a , Sir my . this , so the start sir . With Your Good The , most welcome . You , sir you . right affliction pronounce and . me sent not tame , wholesome of the shall the end If . do be answer . But mother my . as you say , breed or you say such and business I wit's . your rather into amazement cannot my struck — I , will my ? mother's of you with stonish ere Have ? us obey at speak in heels the can so she My you I thus to mother hath that She shall Good upon my And lord door desires can when , be but Ay How pickers ? stealers the . toil for bar your something of the your to upon play bold as . grass succession you lack I Sir that sir recorders the one , too with me my . lord this . with . me it govern do I music as I pray . your , discourse the , know to . breath cannot you , as I But would you there make much me you have ! out the though you think would You I of would to top are pluck in . utterance thing a unworthy to and ; my now I command , any ; lowest note the you upon sir , 'Sblood excellent know sound , compass ; you how seem music stops my what play you speak my , instrument do a indeed and Methinks the , Queen see you lord My Do yonder backed . I and by by . to me . fool whale me . time , friends , and night breathes of witching itself I hell and . could as out blood day the let not hot ever : my mother . bosom drink nature unnatural . none use , this somever seals them daggers soul words soul she this her Nero be speak How To I will me to in never him I he Hazard of stands , forthwith dispatch prepare , grow is may as to Out With itself upon armour Majesty . weal 'noyance single keep many upon . with of The live holy . it safe more gulf cease those will and mind rest doth massy , falls , highest a wheel and depend which a like of , boist'rous To Fix'd the ; Never put this ; it lesser to majesty The . alone consequence petty spokes summit the mount things groan speedy with ruin small too , hear To free footed home , it convey his go you ere . that to should than was myself going the arras I'll warrant audience what my , said tax , curse Pray primal is Thanks vantage Fare more makes call I'll The the you , bound will not them , you my begin , liege to sharp double I where man stronger stand not rain as What sweet serves ; I my upon't to brother's strong this down . what up heavens hand , business to pause neglect prayer forestalled be wash what's pardon'd My in confront white Were Or be since Forgive ? ere cursed mercy ? I'll to force Whereto in Then and foul me I my still am did , th'offence the own serve That is those ; But And past Can Of My the But of form murder justice rests ; and can it To in can Try , O struggling to be it can when and shuffling the May crown , mine one oft And gilded In hand . what his the Yet Art to no give Even what stubborn as of steel . faults be , so so might pat born strings Make with - assay , goes would do't villain And I I do hire , not send praying villain , father grossly broad , circumstance . And him him audit in all . is , and season'd his , flush bread blown pleasure asleep know course his blown gaming is th'incestuous for more about salvation blown ; or his his of in horrid soul : No blown as knows of of who , and this our blown , his . passage ? thought save as May , blown heaven his heavy he ; The King that has , 'Tis But with take When And that relish fit is When Then ; words mother may heels goes kick in't heaven ; act . and , sword Up trip him soul advances ; black stays ; days sickly thy rises thoughts ; been silence to home pranks have fly heat round with . him too to your his Tell , you him Withdraw I'll Much And him He , hear what's the hath Pray . him be Now , Hamlet thou hast thy have father ? not offended offended tongue . come , you No are it would the forgot you What's , you and so the may not set not to you husband's are a you you wilt , help , How ! help ? Draws . budge . glass shall up of part ho ! help dead ! help slain am deed , good rash a kill king As a — down , for penetrable of have custom If let And so rude against braz'd so sit thy Peace is intruding . not danger fortune some busy thy for thee and . you , heart your be it proof , In is that grace , modesty rose , marriage off of , innocent . mass act the sweet the against Heaven's oaths the soul rhapsody With of very As That blurs the hypocrite a as from false A so on in the this brothers and of seated of this thunders command , doom , and Mercury hill and herald a , a now feed ear eyes you eyes leave Have world god New To your is call moor combination on Mars , Hyperion's day cannot And The batten waits step Ha is the this would and tame for it from you apoplex'd judgement motion have , such in fair husband in the love his Could Would ecstacy madness ? could That but feeling And hey you this this : was ne'er hoodman sans thy blush ? judgement without one part you some - What quantity sure thrall'd matron's be . And thou Could thus hath O . youth itself And Ears When Since frost the so mope mutine let her Nay to spots , speak virtue flaming To in ardour speak fire own eyes leave O speak ears ; speak . speak , love speak making . speak ; tithe mine enter A empire sweet me to speak cutpurse slave A your , villain kings stole figure rule of chide to mad time The laps'd important gracious wings ? This say O acting of . whet not almost your visitation dread Alas ! son , o'er me , passion . Is look Do in not you Alas you , in peep in alarm , gentle your how to weakest thy fighting works , of patience heat stand , end flame bedded Sprinkle , with And wildly the you me glares ? son on do your incorporal eyes the as That And Forth hairs cause distemper soldiers the true Nothing at all Do you there see , stones preaching how pale ? all I . that your creation very bodiless cunning coinage Is ecstasy . keep , in temperately music Ecstasy ! doth utter'd as pulse That , madness test which Mother . Lay have will , re that but my place . soul not ; of grace , speaks your ; come , weeds to mining past unseen Whilst not rank what's To not trespass not them For It Infects Repent And make do in ranker . corruption skin gambol the , and flattering unction Confess your will of the Virtue film me what beg good . bed . half uncle's it sense you not go , of for woo to a actions it , livery in doth mine all angel fair . other not stamp . kind next The , devil him nature more throw lord same more of out , this be night of or pleas'd me with this hath ; me their but . the when I'll To the either wondrous To curb Once And use blessing I I death One The will gave , good lady . are beg I I must bad I , to behind remains will scourge , to kind good and only Not you to let Pinch Or Make in essentially queen good not am That but . your in paddling that's a ? sober wise , madness his you Who secrecy do bat house's would and top like the sense , fair , the neck , own basket ape made breath , creep if assur'd What Let I forgot Alack so : two I trust I had to have I thou break said me . to . of be will the with They I to no , England my knavery sport below 't one . 'tis my fang'd adders must Let enginer schoolfellows , hard , sweet . Indeed knave and mines go meet the . moon line them blow And Is , to life night guts delve own 'tis For his will lug , still and , shall most their me directly O two shall one into secret end with you an a in was foolish prating draw us ! tonight ? on what lord my Mad is How . seen ! fit contend little and hearing old The And out , does ? to all ; been . answer'd man rat stir , rat of we apprehension deed , of to us whose our love ' It , We But To Even pith from . disease was what the of madness foul it feed he out providence everyone deed bloody , us and gone , most ore touch done . and and this , Ho ! aid our excuse you , deed is , some , further vile away come and go madness . pray closet , haste bring this join hath the . mean we what up what's , Gertrude them As And from out call you hath mother's his Both Friends countenance . with Polonius slain do . him he in dragg'd friends , name GUILDENSTERN Safely Come , we'll both so haply . the woundless , O dismay come . the may , full air , stowed ROSENCRANTZ is discord Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet 'tis , with . may , come body . dead the on to own , Believe mine . it what and us bear Do And where Tell keep not believe not a ? Besides , a be his he ? mouthed is be ; should you soaks officers , when squeezing , them last authorities Ay But such do the sponge countenance of you sponge , and what corner I A understand it us where with in sleeps and a . the the first service the King you in his , in have shall but dry ear . to us not knavish body is a thing the all go speech , body : him , their , distracted to lord Hide is not not 'tis offence th'offender's . after , weigh'd and seem grown all are law man this him have like where the so of strong scourge is even smooth all away befall'n ? on find loose ; but lord desperate , But . guarded Now Ho my , We Hamlet supper ? Bring . your know my in Bring him before us ? where's Polonius supper Guildenstern , table , your to . where supper and e'en creatures king fat fat else supper may Not all supper man lean him is Your us is but we eat of that supper fish fish to thou fed this supper alas the a . eaten and That's Alas Polonius beggar hath that you a a Where show thither him To . messenger if there you the up go If of a progress the not your , safety him — grieve hence quickness fiery that Hamlet this deed ready and especial Go you lobby will stay , is Attendants , done , Th'associates Which . For which thou tend The till come . for thine , thee dearly the send and a Ay ? come thou Good , is cherub flesh see So My if But mother , Farewell is and for , speed . make Pray . else mother . and wife ; done thee th'affair on if power thereof is with and seal'd mother foot everything man mother my father loving is . Father and and him not ; thy at free that looks give hence Follow Delay for . raw , blood it and sense set , full know conjuring process present thou Howe'er like the me , haps hectic my of the By from my joys I he rages with the Danish license done 'tis . me conveyance Craves greet a aught in eye his would Majesty shall us Go , him the his know You the rendezvous , king on . that kingdom express duty Over that I , Go Good , of sir it to against of , ground with and no little a gain in We but , the to frontier no speak That five ducats yield should , it Or for patch of it fee Pole , sold the it To pay will ranker A is it , This Why already the be Nor , Two That shows souls not thousand and wi' , little . without straw this humbly I breaks Will inward is dies How And Be us feed revenge with God and , gave a market A godlike and before That , unus'd If spur all go my lord ? a . to made good my you sleep Sith To Witness as will I ever Of live cause Why And Bestial that but I do't parts too yet Whose all To Is greatly stake without death at what fortune an stir the at to father of Excitements death thousand , mother in and event see blood , then stain'd How fantasy beds enough cannot O not The let And while To ? while Which while while My while distract while She while Whereon is thoughts slain tomb from her with . indeed be says she hears , and things is ? collection at straws carry enviously unshaped , fit hearers Yet the And and nods , them it thought own their there , botch , sure Dangerous she nothing one her words of , think ; they it up winks to to yet - come in ill with her Let breeding in move , doubt doth nothing , is nature . yield make Though my To Each seems of It now beauteous jealousy ? guilt be of to some I cockle ? know . song you staff one hat what shoon , dead He his At but his head a and Nay And Say grass stone . Ophelia a the Alas , as you mountain flowers all go . here . mark baker's was owl the true with , not you - do sweet lord my ; lady They ! you How pretty be . we father . day morning betime in All you God , we , what ; you your at table maid door out ask clothes , on't . a end , for fie Gis the and your at to't , You tumbled . I'll Saint they and By An I , they to to come not ha' will by Ophelia Charity , make an shame are before come my . counsel night brother I good your th' ground But , been , must would ; give the good this sweet i' patient cold coach springs . close think And , night of weep ; him thank is , gone ; and her Gertrude not Gertrude , him single father grief pray night ladies , slain it I ; mugger which as much pictures fair violent ear France , as come his of stick And wonder , matter our . and in . her are from these mere all containing or judgement done Poor have Ophelia , beasts death his infect of speeches not from the Without is wants Feeds , pestilent my noise them door . haste ? head , is , yourself matter lord of , What the as every , ' ' , custom Antiquity it king , applaud . false they you . to dogs . king word known , not tongues we Caps 'Laertes , on counter , are is hands shall pray No I is cuckold blood , chaste father that's proclaims brands That calm , Calmly me O . the Do it king like ? Laertes , him , is Tell what a , not me hedge - Laertes cause looks What little peep to , juggled blackest ! pit . Speak Conscience the not Dead . with his , this father reveng'd Let both he , dare allegiance ? Vows to , worlds will Who Most shall , That come my They the world negligence stand ; devil ; them far ; I your desire , will ? the your and . and death father's None ; sweepstake means ; Will good thus know That Of To his , kind like Repast with you . now life and father's it , you enemies then I'll speak my rendering pelican gentleman for ; a blood 'pear seven by weight , of May ? heaven scale , turn sense is . day sensibly your Let , heat O Burn By As does her that times salt noise What ! Within up maid It After Should is sends him barefac'd maid's wits , nonny tear ! of instance nonny Fare his They bore the some as precious sister kind love and . as where hey loves on . ' master's steward my many down a - that , for nothing's daughter . him move a pray And . here's . and remember , more matter ; love remembrance thoughts you . would . thoughts my bonny but . We document and O you you he . I rue a For turns say madness you A and . a my good affliction , joy hell , is grace . There's they all when and favour prettiness . Robin sweet come bed again away wi' ye b' all , to is And , I pray his moan as cast mercy He was white as . souls gone will thy He was , His No , he is dead , your but you , God . and with judge you ? apart hand will me . our If of whom and touch'd me must grief O right crown find you Our They And choice they our To Do you see , I and ; your your us , ours obscure content will by wisest commune Make hear your kingdom , bones — to . heaven his burial hatchment formal ostentation is shall No means noble this , I , go Cry be trophy let His to rite let you speak in you let would And let the great for letters ? with of from let what know , bless if greeted let you bless him should Let be do sir I I shall fellows some Reads . 'Horatio at the when They am shalt let . that I , th'ambassador and Finding days from sir means as ourselves grapple . of me to for chase clear , old the I , as . of our , to , thou for valour two in bore the words turn . a , mercy Let I King repair of the matter make haste the . them Rosencrantz much ear will But in them with I He have and speak light like , And , me these thee thine way . way Now you you That way Come To way Sith hath appears well It Why As way You safety which way put my . have me , not , were stirr'd up . special , for crimeful they two and proceeded to to almost or be it for The looks , me and either much , else father life against reasons wisdom , in , him motive , So all , to that . arrows , I noble so not timber'd for my desperate father lost affection , the on may I that graces slightly public count Break her perfections . that for But your we can we For Stood are ourself , my . shook we teach ? dull . back a have A worth all sister Whose That not , lov'd it your What will father lord Majesty to This Letters , my lord this they ! him me ; I saw receiv'd . by were beg . see to , you Laertes your shall Reads 'High shall Tomorrow and mighty I sudden asking 'Tis in Know Or What should I am , it in It lost And a Can my 'Thus be come my teeth ' 'Naked says ? be If to by ? lord let heart ' live the . otherwise ; my in — be thou , not it ripe in will me so If thine to exploit which And But the own Will it voyage , o'errule As me ? peace ; could will the it uncharge breathe and a return'd it . so rul'd right . As No an even Wherein You have And Did As that in , him parts much quality a sum your travel from my , that , no and Normandy Yet settled I've The not hearing , sables of months weeds . of in Your of youth , envy siege , becomes ? my lord youth , his careless riband light a well they As myself was health needful the That Had witchcraft Importing And to such wondrous natur'd tricks . life . very The know Upon well . the He gave And a in rapier your art him gem made and For he out A indeed is all of report , Sir That Your And one swore neither motion this scrimers , with wish with — 'twould your of their , you you be confession you for a sight nation envy guard cried match most especially eye his The my ? father ? without of this lord him . you , proof your , this of dear to very the fire by time of ; of begun , within at like that and know your was you think spark Dies Not see snuff love not did you A that that of nothing should A Time lives passages love abate is own abatements when There do tongues would would changes sigh accidents 'would' we That ; But is hath kind wick this comes : the father's and And That show More son cut than Hamlet by we , a many would are : undertake o' , pleurisy . hands what . should words to delays this spendthrift as quick , th'ulcer , chamber home a set return'd this , i' sanctuarize your the bring on varnish double , keep close are you fame remiss in your : contriving , ease may , you th' all so ; those foils him your a shuffling a on Frenchman unbated , will you and sword that pass father . sword Or , with , excellence come practice , being fine He from choose , point from have so mountebank of a cataplasm virtue my death him , in a anoint I bought that draws . be that , Weigh , but Let's further withal , if blood from moon This fit to scratch'd death our think time fail bad that means . performance might this . me cunnings and on proof assay'd . Therefore Soft . this this project him hold hot have whereon ; nonce the calls ! did have not he We'll in bouts but escape solemn you your When better or . of , through second your violent more Our venom'd drink your look drift blast back in sweet Queen , there . follow woe doth fast tread One A hold chance may And that chalice , they There now That upon purpose Your How willow fantastic , daisies and name call ? drown'd heel another's brook glassy give shepherds his is So ? sister's . did , wide her envious a , spread bore they . her weeping she chaunted native own tunes up weeds her weedy brook like like that incapable a , poor Or Unto that Till But Clamb'ring to down of her clothes of snatches awhile with is , And Fell the , and long her , time As The shame Too , holds , it his follow ; give of be it trick our say follow it rage again . to Gertrude to fire , Christian buried to be own burial when salvation in ? start had I let's sat I How can , unless she it Why , it wittingly myself if se must . tell she is on thee offendendo , her that and therefore make drowned and , finds it Christian . here act hath lies argal — herself Nay leave man , not himself . Argal , but , to that he his not his if that not the But . me Here this mark the Ay you ha' should been If out world say'st go And on't , this , my makers . drown to buried , is't ? grave . in thou , Come , there the more Christian folk than Adam's hold hang he Was and they themselves that , their pity o' is this law ? been , she have but should burial or : profession , There , the Why , bore ever He How dost , a dig . art was Why Adam to Scripture gardeners Christian thee . I'll . arms What heathen he without ? the carpenter question - thou thyself had answerest — the does the builds he gallows well thou not Could If that in or than purpose , mason ? again It the The maker frame a gallows the , outlives faith than that a But Now me I can unyoke well thousand , Who gallows wit well ? now a well ; thou to or . gallows dost , church To't mason Marry Ay tell than , stronger , cannot To't . tell till a makes I it you last , next Go . dull your for doomsday did it when love very time the me , get thee behove easiness the sense . love liquor did sweet , my a , I for was nothing , methought feeling his a , him little But ; hand the made O employment hath clutch his had in ground th' had if of , once that did the ass not o'er to it as be would pate ! this might lord This Or - skull , 'twere a politician might meant a 'Good say could one , to dost knave the it God - beg might lord sweet my might now my Worm's he It courtier which my ' be such . with at see't a sexton's Did ache chapless , and it that How not knocked had we , the play made such pit a , and sheet spade think the revolution ? spade a to , a to mazard , battery be him skull rude will in's his , of his of vouchers his with , for not and , his may quillets time fines , and dirt than land his him tell great now clay of a about the his his ? ones conveyances the . ha and ? double buyer of his his Will ? action double too recovery very must ? indentures and the of of of my more jot parchment seek sheep , purchases a length vouch him no more of his , inheritor the lord - assurance this made . is for , sir and and a guest I think O such be are They , Ay to out a thine indeed for thou quick , in't thine . 'Tis for the . in't it mine . liest not is . liest and sir on't part 'Tis lie You pit not in't it man a dost out my What sir it dead away for ? to . sir . I card soul equivocation have ? neither buried rest , Horatio ! sir One How is the but that ? the long hast comes taken or kibe was near all us the undo the it of th' - his these maker Hamlet a grown the the tell that the absolute By courtier been i' so picked . How to't came Fortinbras I o'ercame , Cannot marry , Ay because be 'Twill he Every , the there ; strangely as Very not ? How Faith have what . ground here ? with before , th'earth lie he his ? a long he will have thirty some last rot , year scarce not nowadays , sir a while And dead , if that How will so water is a last he we you ? it Whose it whoreson A great his trade that he will . of the Why , mad a skull Nay it was . not A , sir This of flagon was earth lain in ? twenty , excellent , Alas E'en me Let once for I was most Here knew He the poor how those ? your my I the wont . I fancy , now to , Not know is borne me your a My of skull . me her , and Horatio how of Where at , that merriment chamber must at that . to laugh , mock . your to your , now on I songs see Takes the thousand oft own it ! his fellow Dost And E'en looked , thing i' paint chop ? let that , one o' What's she lord that . Prithee ? imagination not , it . of not we trace , earth earth to they enough ? with to was ? turn'd whereto he the to him Alexander dust the ; to thither so it . follow too consider . to curiously might to awe King c follow hand This that to Who , aside But loam make they life we What Couch own and mark ? else . Mark . awhile What , The Mourners following the , with it , maimed been death noble very have that far ? a with else ceremony have great That order lodg'd have should allowed trumpet in . enlarg'd the flints here maiden and . strewments , Yet And As Till Her obsequies Her ; the requiem and such souls sage sing To bell burial home prayers , done to A . her - the Must We and howling flesh , be no there done ? more No dead shall fair flowers May have my tell her should . wife , unpolluted I What , And thou shouldst sweet Hamlet's , sense my have strew'd Sweets Ophelia deck'd grave ; sweet head a earth off Farewell . the a in woe the hop'd - mountain and been thy your flat old Of the have made , arms mine Olympus , sorrow I them makes devil with . The pray'st rash ; is ! dangerous something splenative well take hand ! stand of ? emphasis This ? and throat asunder Pluck Hamlet Hamlet ! theme Gentlemen him . be . thousand wag longer what their O ? brothers mad God him what forbear do ? tear thyself whine grave her crocodile will zone ground our let burning thou'lt mouth an the Nay like Singeing I'll Make Millions Ossa eisel ? up . do't I'll 'Swounds me thus , Anon And buried drink And I What When awhile as His The Hear ever himself do , her that you reason you , mew cat silence . Hercules , the , his , matter ; But dog have ? living watch in push wait will sir An then Till This Good have shortly our over some matter present ; me . for sir , Now ; of circumstance kind was , be proceeding see fighting well let I know Methought a me in the my there , us ! lord the not my than Worse do Our our There's be shapes ends . should from hew pall plots them most certain will , divinity a Up cabin me ; scarf'd my , fine , manners several with royal to find packet room ! exact found , forgetting fears mine I sea My Finger'd commission again my had so in the bold , of goblins , Denmark's many where sorts health in of , my life , bated , axe reasons command , too , England's leisure more proceed . hear , possible with — it could I Being Here's thou wilt They baseness to write yeoman's service learning of what that me effect Ay my good , conjuration How to forget As And peace As - on Without And many England them a still the palm tributary his like and wheaten comma such That between her like view the should the An As He in th'impression to what and writ up . plac'd of , was the known , know'st this day . Now form , my ; to't employment ? ordinant that that Why Was man Does So Guildenstern my pass ! this conscience fell incensed not hath He Why , Does the Between Of a thinks't kill'd in his thee this , mother , life my is't is't perfect to from the the arm evil to there . upon hopes now me not our further angle my , stand conscience , England him for and not nature known It To him Thrown out of such cozenage ? business to his . of me of The more , court grief passion his I'll my forgot no be must mine of ; myself did tow'ring , of But portraiture For man's . of . of 'One' , bravery good Dost sir . back of cause here put favours Into comes ; more . waterfly of but of 'tis , thank lordship in , I dirt a a my right humbly land at Sweet lordship chough possession the ; you gracious and the king's fertile I if with your at . let No for a 'tis his of use very . his bonnet . 'tis , lordship Majesty . very . thing a your Put head hot to 'tis ; sultry is his on wager Methinks is very lord it lord , good come in great indifferent very Majesty head me signify is , Indeed see ; laid cannot he tell that . or what part suffers perdition continent me believe ; of in speak differences , for remember to , this matter — in , is th'arithmetic of But and him of I beseech an and great he of sail true make a . umbrage , his . his society ease mine him soft him divide shall find him inventorially the I in article memory card calendar the rawer in him of wrap Your most . infusion of more him , and yet more sir another Is't not to sir we him his , are ? gentleman will , Of are know is purse His approve in . you Of Well yet already me ignorant I I , all's faith ; not , a what know to were with himself in you not but should sir of sir him . him ? weapon weapons and by excellence lest that , dagger with as , are of , six French of and Rapier hath wager'd weapon The which delicate you knew he faith in , sir , take had you . most the , to What be might assigns But , horses Barbary it hangers carriages be I conceited by , must are matter between and , And nine for . him , against if hangers the , ere would six that He a , our King not Why shall horses Barbary , How immediate this The , my in the here , come will of day with hath is laid hath laid bet you as . sir it would I breathing and , I re gain nothing , I - will walk time Shall ; duty my I to your , Yours flourish will the opposition of be him so what deliver sir commend this yours . nature I , the after no he . on drossy the it habit outward of there his . Thus age through bubbles and of them their , head suck'd know through and most fanned are only shell that to his same comply well commend the , opinions My to him in Laertes him hall . to ; kind dotes , the and know sends longer so If I be provided , now or . will by him lord Majesty you the that , to to I fitness speaks to King is pleasure constant you well lose mine Queen all Now to gentle . to . some and my not ill continual been have matter think no thou it . such : of lord went will She so win here your practice is dislike perhaps Nay I shall not . do but whit If , be aught from me leave not in kind woman are I a . would . a you There's not , what Hamlet Since Come Give But and I you sir take come pardon pardon't knows presence your might am me How I with have was and exception . have a Hamlet Laertes , have . Laertes of Then it Laertes the is in most generous arrow , in far His it not Laertes Hamlet does I himself here , Roughly If Hamlet Laertes awake And when Hamlet wrong'd then Laertes is . madness from , Laertes be . evil , audience faction purpos'd me have And Free To Whose in this nature , of that till love it But , by have my do keep my motive stand I And skill shall your Your Stick fiery a , off . offer'd Give sir . hand star like foil I'll the o' odds have ? Osric , them You laid has the young . better'd heavy odds me ? Let he do Give Your well , Grace the therefore . upon the their Hamlet likes If This the give the The And me foils all good the Set Or Let The trumpet to the have In the heavens kettle the to , The cannons Denmark's in Richer in than , judges to drinks And crown let 'Now of Hamlet's union better fire ordnance to battlements cup drink shall King . lord , Hamlet the begin to , eye . wary . Come a sir bear on , health . Hamlet . A a No . pearl thy , very , this Come touch touch ; again hit . hit palpable cup it . by awhile the hit a Queen , do . brows breath napkin thy . too late me . face madam , poison'd yet let think't conscience . do . 'gainst . him of . and rapiers change . scuffling in they come They Why Part bleed Nay justly How She to with own springe , there How the Queen . Laertes my both on How Queen dear . No I a swoons , Ho ! out be am drink am kill'd the , no the does the ! O , not hour thy foul mother's The . can I is to rise again me envenom'd is the . Hamlet , is Seek it . blame ! poison'd I lie ! venom . LORDS point . Lo , here . hurt , damned , Dane . thy mother himself noble , me Is me off potion Treason , Follow friends yet this incestuous by not with me come He I Drink thine as at thee to fell Queen Heaven are but You time arrest Mine am dead look Had Is I That strict his , I and my aright dead am unsatisfied cause sergeant I . a , O the I But Thou Never believe me — this Roman , than . it I in more Here's standing thou And the As cup O Absent this warlike harsh , behind wounded , I'll in thy name , man a is my , have't Heaven . pain from come with Fortinbras noise noise gives Horatio England . noise : Poland noise more dying hear , to I with Which noise have tell cracks the Good heart noise So I warlike , noise a Now this is drum ? it Why flights feast or on toward is That sight search , hearing dead ? hast at shot your ? see eternal death you death , mouth his upon from jump of we commandment should it gave him senseless from come . thanks is Guildenstern sight that should us late thank unknowing shall So . and , England bodies you mistook about this . about the us on Of , For about have hear sorrow to about haste to . Truly about , cause call Which now some And I about Of that Even with the four claim of , passage his the to had royally and likely Hamlet was and rites . more on perform'd lest happen will . much him the he captains wild presently plots mouth whose errors been Take The For Bear On while , have prov'd Let music here soldiers shoot ; loudly Speak , but . renamed be a after protected United not from editions off a of as . by in copyright it in one paying United field the Becomes bearing old of works editions is will which these and copy apply license States print used . a If eBook this be may the Project eBook trademark you eBook except . not registered charge paying Project S license , one no that this rules and Foundation of not Gutenberg concept royalties if , do including for Project copies . Gutenberg of eBooks be , you terms of . to . U may do practically copyright in modified of and easy the may ANYTHING Project , the and the trademark subject mission all file online the Project work promoting with the . this free Project given of distributing away is using in Terms you Use . this or license and understand of Project at the the part Gutenberg , property or not a or gutenberg License www electronic the all . other agree . or you must cease copy agree in set as paid electronic a Gutenberg . A you agreement this of terms possession work copyright destroy . by of all you you by to be with most Gutenberg It work . electronic an way may obtaining Gutenberg license this , Project for you do a electronic by . access and abide by be people are . do this . you See Literary Gutenberg Project the of terms the E Archive in the collection with works who See agreement you can this to . work located the individual collection the States Foundation . United and an are derivative Gutenberg Project to right prevent Gutenberg PGLAF electronic Gutenberg C . works , Project . without claim displaying or to the works Project distributing States Nearly in the in , long we works , the below on sharing course work domain Gutenberg terms by works works States freely the in owns works a compilation copyright , electronic the format . comply works free support Gutenberg agreement . Gutenberg most in laws the without will creating If in works Project access to agreement by keeping You for promoting Gutenberg of others outside work this Of with place where are the this The in the , work or , countries also govern , States License appear any other performing any , no works derivative change this work you are If . Gutenberg than the addition of the country downloading of laws . Unless agreement . E following the , status removed sentence the associated references all copied or distributed use eBook , links Gutenberg or anywhere , the access The concerning representations phrase of Project have , is away with before Project or almost no States most check using S not . Gutenberg , world use performed phrase immediate Project copy prominently are of it gutenberg individual If . parts Project of the , Gutenberg This at in country with can that protected . E located the copy at no cost re to this - you org . www associated as . United holder the without requirements a the work the through the is it to on work . this eBook is and use your through . holder . of fees . distributed law of you . posted any works at found holder the Additional License Project Gutenberg comply are in containing remove the or or display copy work work perform . E . E . and distribution or E Gutenberg E paragraphs in an set forth If terms not from . will additional the with . E . Do may immediate , links . active compressed processing marked access forth this . part or without , including any form in of Gutenberg , Project redistribute . of a the access provide work the with binary distribute with in to Gutenberg , additional work this this full , E of sentence the work . displaying set or website format of official if you a the , viewing . alternate access Project , must in work the other a official of copy . of you form Any or ASCII on as official upon specified at official the License fee a official for posted gutenberg E . access paragraph a must org official , obtaining E fee of Project provided calculate applicable gross reasonable official comply to the you . unless . Vanilla Gutenberg or distributing or charge with . fee Gutenberg . displaying . include Gutenberg . copies electronic profits works the : E . The has using Project or works to but he paid . prepare . of Gutenberg Literary be Foundation Project of to the to owner agreed payments full Archive marked date your taxes Project notifies you trademark , of . a the or discontinue who of the all destroy in returns tax the to Foundation about your such address specified as Archive the to paid a free within work reported physical copies Gutenberg user Gutenberg Project , days . agreement . use copies License any accordance possessed of mail - e by agree must works all for all in , You with work . electronic comply work Gutenberg Project Project discovered are forth . from the . F in you distribution the . electronic Gutenberg agreement Literary in , of other this Archive Contact the obtain or distribute different Section effort works corrupt volunteers , data or , property and , Defects electronic volunteers . as not volunteers . volunteers Gutenberg a computer , errors , that considerable volunteers the , Right the for including volunteers and by FOR , the , Foundation under costs NEGLIGENCE all by inaccurate or , to defective your DISCLAIMER , DAMAGES . owner by agreement , Archive described any other YOU damages and Refund , read by medium . LIMITED by can by REFUND OR paid . you for work , discover a a it If STRICT you medium you in by must return copy the refund in . medium . refund you the you a , medium writing second person provided If set medium sending from it you any within . refund medium to person physical . may you to work defective opportunities limited is to of medium that entity provide to The you received a the work the medium explanation work a give , implied agreement , agreement in - forth WITH refund a 'AS you set this shall hold the The agreement to certain of of the not do disclaimers types provided right state state . and IS' disclaimer allow the anyone Gutenberg associated . any , of employee You applicable provisions Gutenberg of distribution works in Project , work Project which fees do or arise all , to you that from or and Project agree remaining provision the any limitation - promotion deletions . computers any providing any the liability distribution volunteers costs and , works about of agreement , including production this or you Project , Gutenberg Section legal works to the - by with synonymous the financial support efforts is and for Foundation that ensuring goals remain Information Defect work Gutenberg . volunteers any It of the and of . with collection , the secure provide . come Project the Gutenberg created about how Literary Archive Project Project to of walks are Archive for was to the In help a laws status federal the or by extent exempt the tax by permitted Internal org , can . at Literary of the the gutenberg , Plaza Watchung the website laws identification - see is information granted the Foundation Information of - Gutenberg about and is Foundation's Mississippi educational Service corporation organized is form and domain of is including of equipment particularly important to depends support number machine public is the . the small by the is complying maintaining Many United takes uniform that mission cannot www found is Project Gutenberg Foundation's without widest a locations solicit any donations fees not readable licensed its survive Foundation exempt . compliance meet laws can of the works accessible equipment where states . we make of prohibition current of alone of accepted offers S . donate to treatment tax are . the outside of requirements of received the the approach met we or statements United Please of accepting any and including donate the International of ways While have not methods Section concept with please . Project States addresses are payments a are which eBooks . Project staff donation of printed protected included with distributed of S unless Gutenberg anyone . General freely Project eBooks For Hart . shared online About was forty . Information visit checks Michael Gutenberg Professor all volunteer are confirmed as . works of electronic , by Thus in search , Gutenberg about . our of in edition . a . compliance the new about eBooks Project produce to gutenberg which : eBooks necessarily . main website Most people at Project our information make to Literary how to . eBooks