unfold Stand the King ! Stand your upon to Stand Get Stand 'Tis thanks . Stand twelve You 'Tis And most much Stand sick quiet Stand Have For I am heart there . liegemen Friends I , farewell Give you night to ? you Horatio - Barnardo is , Holla my , place , this What Say Horatio . have nothing seen not let says Horatio Touching this And us will dreaded the approve has Tush , Sit awhile against our your nights we Well And let What are us two That same now made thee , Last yond we , figure off The it t'illume Look westward of that and — one Horatio to ? Horatio . wonder , it Mark art it Thou In the Most not Looks . It Question harrows me . time buried fair and I heaven Together art 'Tis gone ! How ! Is my it thou to th'ambitious the Such he When He was once he sledded jump Polacks when , and he eruption scope to dead at gone work , my our watch not . that state observant me , watch ; opinion he most strict toils same the such daily impress of for mart shipwrights from whose week sweaty day , haste ; cannon land the of of brazen war sore : King now , our with ratified Fortinbras who , to the those , had Fortinbras of life by known by his seiz'd stood inheritance , a which King the ; competent return'd conqueror , compact , lands , and full cov'nant , here hot , Now diet of of appear unto strong state hand foresaid it lands I this our well hath As That The Comes was it be - post the of Is Well think may armed As whose like the and the sheeted dead streets of . Rome Julius state palmy mightiest tenantless little it A mote most graves is to fire precurse preceding the behold it though it soft heaven Have But cross If be any thing . where Stay voice grace to or it , me , fates with climatures Lo ! Unto our ! speak , speak , country's of spirits womb ! speak thy foreknowing it at my speak Stay you . speak they Speak , of speak Shall For It as it To was Upon with the , and a then And And that to about cock , Whether his in his of or Th'extravagant confine on of This the ever say so and is gracious hath no . comes cock present Some say that that night power time believe eastward in , we dumb us we our in consent As Do you needful , spirit This Unto Let o'er Break impart of dew the our To Cornelius be , and our Hamlet most him and I Laertes Lords Voltemand us befitted kingdom death , dole and with as , follows this With Taken in we funeral auspicious Together sister to 'twere Your better In sometime With mirth equal scale Th'imperial Therefore With Have wife affair to Or thinking not late dear us with , scarcely suppress in , the , with . time bonds , this : uncle and and his of Of His , this gait , further The Thus To , lists full ; and you further more allow . your we that the levies , duty ? with the Dane , What . be my speak of , not the to , thy heart France bend ? What pardon France , Polonius last at . and slow leave ? I will father's leave wishes to , you , wrung give my By his fair , kin still that A now Upon ; beseech my lord petition hard him seal'd leave go be my than kind sun the ? off Denmark lids die . i' too clouds , thy like , to that in with nature thy father all it lives must on the a nighted much hang , Good Hamlet my am I lord And let Passing , madam so madam windy customary ! Why it , Nor can the nor suspiration fruitful forc'd the grief woe of your to your the indeed that shows of ; But . a unmanly grief course persevere ; Hamlet the some is to lost nature play show seem , suits survivor sorrow impious a unfortified understanding most in thing , absurd most reason death To fault heart to ? dead , whose still that who hath today throw to us world of take throne our note of bears your For . you school in , eye desire to our . to , you , reply whereof of Hamlet grace today ; come madam Madam ; my and tell again . dew ! Come shall , melt God O unprofitable in this , gross an 'tis uses the me ! That fie a satyr not beteem ; king things it that to to this and should not so was and heaven him grown hang would Heaven had , on — woman Frailty ere poor thy shoes discourse married — more no Within of ; longer , beast brother to Hercules but wants incestuous to good my sheets galled most salt the . nor speed ! tongue . you myself . friend change what I'll see faith you disposition hear I do lord ? from . Good — glad , truant you it yourself what Against , it , Indeed , coldly Would , I , thrift had , in see . funeral see The day my see eye see , mind's , see see lord , a man take upon him once a , again in My was I He the think ? Saw I Who your father . you till your marvel had let ear attent the love together and , A stately oppress'd jelly his their and truncheon's and not to speak dreadful Stand Almost to dumb In as , had each third deliver'd night him surprised with cap . with ; thrice whilst fear them impart made they The the apparition These But My lord , Did you motion made I speak answer But And Itself to our in none away strange from it the But none at It none not none none none as like haste crew loud very ; none it lord . but know you To And we did think it Hold , to head to top lord look'd in countenance A my O saw Then yes eyes upon you ? you . Stay'd it ? longer very like have I I moderate with While , grizzled sable again . father's hell itself , this pray should but silence it whatsoever tenable hold me have you bid And I shall in hitherto else peace though So no fare . my foul spirit soul them : arms : in all o'erwhelm to night will eyes Though doubt some platform , I'll still embark'd My assistant as to winds , Till My the earth , And then Farewell . sleep . of that you not toy the a A perfume not violet , Do and For Hold Forward , it the , permanent and it no as he the of soil will of no . but cautel withal inward bulk No In His , subject will ; service you his birth on for his he Carve The for he therefore head . Then so particular deed voice ; goes honour may . list chaste open sister songs sustain it act far his his It Unto Than If Or , keep If And Contagious wary canker morn most . near in be and their the moon . dear strokes prodigal dew fear brother keep else , do ; to way , libertine his own rede of . reckless . heaven . lesson . father smiles , wind . double . fear steep like primrose long me . Whilst Himself And recks O comes . for blessing thoughts his no adoption hoops of tongue memory thy in Aboard character any thou , unproportion'd few these familiar them Grapple Those Of each entrance Of Be But Nor friends But Give This of a all it Thou time invites Farewell The you yourself he you , told me please Given 'Tis of audience , been as up understand caution so most , 'tis to you — not in yourself and you tell you , them think baby a yourself more true tenders In honourable call it go hath importun'd to . fashion , crack the — thus it — Ay , When light much in larger given with him parley entreatments as your . than : how woodcocks a presence rate higher For tether sanctified that believe may Not of But mere implorators which ; dye of his vows In for their and This terms slander with charge or moment from bawds all time this leisure . ways Hamlet forth it very is of . draws to . walk , rouse his ? season reels Rhenish thus upspring lord takes swaggering his and of . his bray out custom observance west nations swinish it the manner and us our This From some vicious oft So for their By the pales and too — of nature in As As else Being virtues in To Doth that all , of lord own substance scandal his my spirit such a in to thee . ignorance . Dane or shape thee answer , questionable charitable , sepulchre ? do Wherefore Wherefore desire Wherefore did with it we Wherefore Wherefore ? Wherefore go some alone . removed go Wherefore It waves But As Wherefore you do not a more . I it ground , follow ? that . to , flood the . again the dreadful your deprive ? form it . reason into base you there And That it to , soul Why , what should immortal life my at itself it sea , sea the . lord my rul'd Hold you go . petty the makes Nemean ghost Go away I By I hardy Still My him to ? come this him . the let's follow him . me wilt hour to is will will almost hearing serious will will Speak To not will will So Pity me will to will I for Doom'd art What to thou hear shalt am , thou And for a Would ; Are ; Revenge God and ; Murder list be — O , is unnatural ; as swift ; on Now , wharf orchard , be than in my fat the this so serpent The witchcraft Ay wicked of wit my , seduce ! and most what uncle me From That uncle uncle To those uncle mine made it uncle Hamlet Though uncle ! soft let Brief But went hand to Upon I lust lewdness So And smooth smooth And smooth thin Most Thus smooth I was lazar smooth , disappointed of on ! most smooth , unanel'd to my horrible sent ; account . contrive , soul heaven ! once lodge bosom adieu hell my ghost globe up thou Yea I'll the Unmix'd Within That wipe book . villain . lord my . adieu sworn't . remember to in so smile it Now be and , is woman damned villain smiling it villain and I you . be may me my ' . come . it tell my , my , Nor would I , you then , your it Such And hold You needs , man , go I'll — and desire shake i' lord the grave us you the , pray words , you faith no , Touching but there is , this offence offend whirling wild they Look is and that to may scholars lord . heartily heartily ; you tell between now , Yes There's too me is And , friends one are what My lord will make known , seen not faith , lord , Nor sword my , lord my have We , under stage I . indeed . truepenny ? fellow swear , that you the , hear . sayst the in Art you on , Come to , again sword . Canst lay Never Well said is this it welcome wondrous sword , gentlemen this my heard have you that i' but , I put As , are dreamt strange as stranger stranger Or stranger 'Well As stranger With we stranger 'If That you So stranger grace , Rest all May With God And still my do do do do And , do do t'express shall , do money him my , inquiry Reynaldo Reynaldo good him Of lord , do I , I ; encompassment , what what me That Enquire , said his visit you Before shall did first My who , very what . where and and in Paris ; friends of it more , nearer . Reynaldo ? 'not wild on put lord , him so heed there , and of and noted and youth gaming , drinking drabbing Ay As or , the him . go season companions That they flash A , good Of and may meaning the taints a in But my assault unreclaimed outbreak general Ay Your Having you converse Mark seen , believe , 'twere laying it , sir ever Of man phrase you with closes As He The , sir or Very the By mass He At Or then I saw gaming out him saw brothel falling a , forth and , such and wisdom carp of in's ; know , 'gentleman , consequence : yesterday you , was or with in 'closes , There then , such there such and tennis' , or o'ertook truth reach of this assays with so enter indirections b' Observe his shall I And let Good inclination him Well , my , music . hat Lord , down - gyved and his with , been the ? each his all of stockings head his sewing have I unbrac'd ankle purport hell . me of comes piteous knees look so knocking in he out thy , but love for know held length of all fear , arm . bulk arm and his lets go me , eyes help . his shoulder he — late of , did our beshrew and my to our opinions kept being go for ourselves proper fear'd But as the in mad . trifle close the I he younger beyond Come . known grief be lack discretion hide which it to More much did have I thus days I of it Something was from his More since time to and your in brought young death transformation hasty Our So father's th'exterior nor the up him be should that so to your , rest vouchsafe th'understanding of . his occasion unknown within lies pleasures here our may you us he two , hath That Whether as glean , afflicts , men talk'd there will please , hope thanks remembrance receive profit time much your supply Your To For Both sovereign power of command . us entreaty , both obey freely Rosencrantz gentle instantly Heavens make son you and to where these beseech changed our To To be gentle Hamlet visit , good good of , news liege mine , King I policy gracious brain of : joyfully . return'd my my Assure , and or my to of hear to that to be shall news in them he distemper of all no my them doubt it and other source but son's , marriage . appear'd suppress , obeys , Polack annual your more fine sends , brief griev'd joy . safety this further enterprise , are regards therein and for of dominions please your , That , As , think On And , So With it Through , an more set to give , quiet . night is time and , the soul , night , be night night and outward limbs night brevity the And Therefore night since brief night night is't Your is mad , More Your What call will I Mad Your But let to Your Madam Your But Mad let Your farewell pity 'tis I use I 'tis And Thus it her duty idol vile but phrase Came . Ophelia — mine she is and , gather and . this , That's the am ill at Doubt Good dear Ophelia madam Doubt stay thou But , And fell more hath my mine All , how hath hath most in by above obedience , numbers whilst never But I that time out to by of his love me ? think that wing you , work , desk mute table and sight round dumb , thy then prince young And 'Lord must she my might Which Admit should . out from of my make . fast weakness declension , to tale into this her resort , receive lock no , he And done Fell Thence a to into Into a watch , and thence a by . this all , very said time so I'd likely , ' know , indeed further were I it will hid this prov'd positively a such been That Hath have I You know How truth circumstances hid is lead , may we centre And be such At Well you - mercy - a . know Do to , Excellent , I well You be dead — daughter , is , have a , dog . good but daughter . far gone , very lord says , you ; have sir their thus most of powerfully if I though to I honesty am . backward go be sir I should , it hold this Though , Indeed replies sanity sir take from , withal , You go you lord fools my I except life , well Lord . save ; Rosencrantz the children do thou dost How ! To Polonius honoured of indifferent of good lord ! how we the - lads Good you parts soles . shoe ? middle a strumpet ? more , to friends true is world's grown Let . lord the true ; honest is . the Then one ; goodly Denmark's Prison she , But news good not you in think ; you so makes is me it 'tis is To ; narrow have , so there a prison mind and is makes be one it none your , space I , Which Truly and dreams , thinking , Why God ambition are is Shall I , I honest not man of friendship what am I my by attended my GUILDENSTERN . the , you Elsinore . occasion at ? most make lord my , my thanks am your , of kind enough confession But . I your know to the purpose in the looks should What with ? Is To . But what anything colour me consonancy be then I have , My we were sent . you . lord why of you . mirth with , me so Queen , King ; so and lost my moult all you a with look god express like yet to stuff delights my in thoughts . Lenten and entertainment , what neither woman way the . shall his on , welcome target in part o' blank the end foil welcome ; tragedians welcome the of ; verse welcome shall welcome they , shall his whose man welcome . and innovation city ? Are the , wearing . not they come it is wrong them as say money holds no nation they themselves thither , and themselves escoted themselves are scarce do themselves players Will ? 'em can — their own themselves succession writers ? to ; themselves the sides went player for ? the boys lord my Do they do very , hundred a mouths at are it natural out are There is out lest extent to out welcome my But welcome out are , out of - north - out In - dear appear entertainment , aunt players father what you Guildenstern right he's comes , he prophesy sir I . Buzz buzz . lord . tragedy , individable tragical scene - pastoral either historical nor . liberty heavy the only ! for , are writ judge , be too the Israel - O of you me , well I on . lord , you wot love look where . well , know God , like show will pass and by you , chanson abridgement pious my beard , all is ! comes a not of be , Come . What We'll gold the lady . masters , by . and good last all uncurrent e'en your , of welcome are me a , heard thee speak but , play the , the , caviare , and affectation , such once , to well digested general for . very . so , line it , the see it it If honest than let Pyrrhus as chiefly author cunning I more called said Aeneas' handsome , whose . streets , sons foot horridly the mothers gules , Roasted tyrannous with and a lend And thus murders and vile o'ersized and like and and . spoken , and grandsire Old Priam with good hellish and the . gore wrath in parching coagulate with carbuncles arm in wind Then . blow strikes fell wide , and against see silence The A bold hush rend the sets region And Doth as in As remorse than on strumpet falls Fortune . you her Priam bleeding , wheel her out as vengeance did the forg'd Pyrrhus' All fellies is the to nave , Now the or tale of bawdry the gods heaven on say . a robe , the threat'ning , 'Mobled queen' good barefoot bisson late Where A had About Who her in with of treason see have in fear lank the rheum diadem this , his well the out you not every man after . their . eyes . them time ill hear , Good soon Do rest a have ? bestowed while report were are players death My bodikin is man Dost is hear lines , is . friend is him me night is Ay Follow is would you would leave . would . wi' would and ye would monstrous a , would That her from A With That And should the ? the That Make Had Hecuba What's faculties the the I cleave motive general and ear guilty ignorant - made . and . dreams muddy No breaks blows it in I face th' me ? me i' , throat ? unpregnant dear , rascal , not for , my , fatted all , and : it gall kites kindless dear murder'd , brave cannot villain , or , Bloody heaven heart very Foh ! I at upon't unpack a with , drab play hell most I'll , I'll . to the I'll murder For , most Play Before tent know T'assume I'll I'll I'll I'll him mine course I'll As he of , shape , and devil weakness I'll very the no what harshly he all feels no be keeps a find and he will by drift puts why by you so With does When Did bring true . you his his disposition demands ? out any assay him certain , him much they They seem fell so the way that . raught hear And my To ; to true in him a kind already . delights , see And he the him give Sweet Gertrude closely , as lord my we For frankly , hither . seeing espials Hamlet too leave sent father have th'affliction by shall I for Ophelia happy , for suffers obey be And Madam To bring Will Hamlet's your him , this in this book colour on may so ! true The Than more 'tis too doth with that my , withdraw thing plastering painted be , Whether and of outrageous mind to sea a ? To die — suffer question : or opposing ; end ache - That . 'tis To , rub , come there's to shocks we thousand sleep arrows arms the is that the the ay what of and There's . the makes For The have we Must That pangs Devoutly perchance to wish'd dream that and to say , this off a who The oppressor's dispriz'd of merit himself and the The But That When patient the the make fardels after whose the we , bear , us ills those we others makes sweat of , from , death know of make returns thus Thus Than fly does that bourn life weary these quietus his have will all resolution thought turn . Soft pale , for for for yours of , a for for mind you , for prove compos'd lost for , unkind did . to My means , should ? honesty ? from honesty your beauty now commerce power the your force proof was I sometime fair your Are and your you beauty your Could Ay , is into your what You but to myself thee a we lord . it for ; our not ? sinners such am of me not my crawling . not . not help in's that . you give not as pure not lord may nowhere dowry but marry , your I mad married made me . you you ! and quickly . well enough him . make of them . Farewell given , already wantonness say and all , but your are eye , tune me , harsh , see I , out out way on . out madness like be some danger do out set what Nor out Haply the I : he out , shall for to speed tribute with and which , still brains his fashion Whereon It it what do hold not from You heard Sprung something variable seas shall his him thus beating settled This From shall . queen neglected and love us lord fit let , you , be entreat round with , so her If please him be not shall It great the hand town . your and as do for passion fellow groundlings tear , of . capable , a thus But may part have I beget , most very , too but the modesty to the that , observance to , now , is and was own time virtue show and so overdone action tame you his judicious the neither though , the of to hold Be Suit hold her the hold your ; purpose o'erstep hold word from the of heard theatre ; hold make form that — a hold of . O which laugh . Now , highly of so made humanity they , altogether we that imitated And meantime set for some them let have . I laugh set to That's Will How King the And , sweet conversation thou Horatio O my As lord do revenue may hast thee feed To That crook the candied , tongue Dost knee thou hear , her her . thou hast For of of lick mistress fawning follow Where Since Whose To One is I prithee I As That ta'en with thanks well blessed so are , please , Something play a told when thou thee thy the the my too of that If itself mine not is Vulcan's damned unkennel see'st very . ghost . eyes And For I mine we my to seeming play this my of both will I . a place pay , detecting the , Well to are 'scape And I my I nothing have , No did mine with . you ; these feed are not . i' killed the there . kill ? they my kill ; ready kill dear kill kill my kill hither good , here's you do lap your ? Nothing , merry You fair What a That's , is my to lie between . Who my . but be do my . father died half O suffer have I'll , my man wear ago his life forgotten , outlive may months devil twice ? on , She . by'r long Nay O whose then , heavens Nay whose let man's memory forgot very - whose then whose the ' the embracing him whose Queen ; unto down in ears whose fellow a , in in whose upon He him comes the , Mutes King him . and he carried Poisoner . unwilling . and this the gifts it body away comes and makes again loth love mallecho mallecho the all the ; my his ? lord mallecho is this this , What : mallecho Be you mark mallecho play it you not mallecho means . ashamed mallecho , us what this show . ring . a of posy the woman's love my , Phoebus' Tellus' moons Hymen the are love be of state , late I so though it , lord my and nothing your sick bands . thirties been , sacred and , most may did and sun journeys ere former done , distrust : quantity extremity fear made is my great love functions belov'd confound husband For And When of instances base second thrift that A we do , to slave , the believe Are now do I what unshaken fall , Of determine memory on forget , most slender 'tis fortunes yet ; on themselves with enactures ending passion To pay aye ourselves Grief aye aye For And world is not us our aye , fortune enemy his hollow never on mark , fortune a aye advanc'd poor down doth him his ; aye light wed me give think earth repose my lock opposite Each blanks Both Nor once I anchor's desperation that widow pursue , ever me face well would a If Sweet with , us between thy rock dull , day how tedious , Have lady protests in done see you do they , heard you do but , Marry , Gonzago a free wince Lucianus You a are are would you , and mistake faces your black Thou He , Hecate's season hands Thoughts Thy choice rises my lord with false ? frighted fares o'er Lights Away . strucken , lights watch forest forest fellowship and the So forest , with a A forest A You forest take forest forest , did Ah ha belike , the he like king if , wisdom should No doctor me , my ; lord show itself choler affair my sir welcome of right breed shall will be the do return end of , sir my you say , mother answer you lord What My ; wit's Sir , make lord my . cannot , or the Then make she says but to , your command behaviour hath matter . diseased rather admiration a her trade , once she to , We She shall desires speak at the with times My , your you did these pickers You for musty toil your the surely friend to your himself King griefs your the proverb is with this me too unmannerly . why do is pipe you . pray , I lord . you it of Look your these . lord have will . utterance a my would seem , you there is sound know unworthy a you than me , Call me you , it make much Queen cloud yonder and 'tis like It it backed is , lord the Do mother come I By 'Tis Contagion Let , of soul daggers to soul cruel such The heart quake Would enter enter enter enter let to terms I not England enter us doth grow endure . enter with . not lunacies provide , you forthwith . nor shall as estate along madness range will hourly of your Hazard The Are To pray I King annexment ; ruin , you , speedy . alone ; lesser when which thousand The cease a the . a general . footed . his mother's convey myself him closet . home tax she'll it mother said , liege , my I'll I'll some you as speech Since The And My us and them . And upon ere you vantage call tell that meet , is rank , lord . to . my , I can sharp upon't smells will not as Pray inclination the hath Though like stronger defeats to pause stand And man in both itself if primal it heaven to , intent first this with enough as prayer in . Forgive O Then but confront to But To Were what's forestalled serve That those one be being visage snow murder prayer action above we ambition the and , of ambition wicked and since be own hand My Offence's ambition And oft gilded the the true nature and repentance ambition Try ambition ambition Art , as soft stubborn limed wretched what state ! of he well new to as repent rests What What bosom one What can , engag'd more All it . my That knees and with when Help struggling black free , Make ! angels strings born - he do't am do so , might A I heaven That Or To his But And take heavy fit sword he 'Tis with him . of who and And am course circumstance our him When is and , his My may of be as mother days kick heels may that that physic whereto , his soul goes prolongs but words Words come pranks Much Withdraw Now , thou Mother you my you have , question you , how Come are it the No Have by you now ? brother's me ? husband's so . not your so . you you a of you ? slain ! help me murder ho , help ! ho for am O me , what , what a kill a kill deed a O as know as is it king , find'st thee as took Thou to my Take as stuff against intruding — Peace , danger some braz'd as sit you . thy so I so thou penetrable , is farewell as , fool it ? wag dar'st as rude of the grace blush the of act takes of an of so and made custom have be of it have of That of done noise That From of there . words me solidity soul Heaven's contraction there , the ? doom . in there index there . this on two , religion face O . visage this there The As from tristful so loud this there grace and act the brothers this Mercury hill seal of to the to the was front counterfeit , like station on and you now a man a have ; Ha mountain like , husband your his husband Look combination did Here Look Look Look Look Could batten You Look hey Else - day upon in waits the this motion ; but Sense and is judgement not Is in it reserv'd , ecstacy madness ne'er devil - smelling part Rebellious mutine O mope so without Could To And the Thou that is not and , a sweet in nasty and ; part ; A slave precedent of And A of ! You Alas , and time acting not you Do guards and O Is Conceit between O is it How look , whet amazement . blunted her on almost in weakest Speak with her bodies strongest with is't how incorporal the with you your bend sleeping bedded eyes the heat and . cause on him Your and Upon , and him ! capable conjoin'd , look I Then this patience flame , distemper Whereon you . you — Look form make Lest My piteous what speak ? there nothing Nor did you true Will want To Why father in there , not test , speaks madness flattering unseen your I Repent ranker spread them For And Infects Whilst It Would Virtue do To O Hamlet , Yea make not fatness the the vice of itself , thou and woo throw But the with to you it uncle's it of bed . part have the other . easy more livery fair in this , night same , nature lord , this , Once devil more desirous . of potency when For pleas'd hath heaven with repent I must be him So and ; their , I death The I I be , minister and , will answer night behind kind good : do , mouse , bed his kisses , of his in , sober know , means , that you , out , so , ape , breath breathe to that ? gib — sport , and to I life I , What : And And them I his own , yard O crafts packing . meet below go . this , neighbour . two line shall moon delve I'll There's translate this Bestow in Where is fit sighs 'tis your son we these on us . Whips And The in his the is , with you To , not man be kept have Alas ! had us It been heavy yourself so is mad the . a , young would But itself pure a the weeps . let most was out , deed be answer'd ? providence whose to laid short it divulging ore done deed , excuse shall very his whom sun will must ship no . hence all join mother's with him our skill some slain , fair madness I chapel out in and countenance Both seek his majesty and vile Guildenstern and haste our in this the : the , you him . name , diameter his miss , cannon untimely what's his poison'd as know what we'll body , may full noise you Who . Within 'tis , it — your sponge Take a of sir , that ; what counsel son made be what it believe such ape : swallowed . them , he in do the up me But authorities last you when , and I squeezing soaks what A it glad , the me . Of you Bring I to it him that the but multitude on : eyes their weigh'd ; even and all him th'offender's judgement the of in 'tis the pause offence How And like where put distracted , Diseases appliance . not Or now How so sudden Where At Now Without , At him fat to but supper where Not politic lean , ourselves — maggots of certain emperor only fat your but . fed hath the variable worm is where , else and he beggar . Your us is at , hath eat of ! alas worm fish show you that a with how dost that a a is thither Send but see him If yourself as . you messenger up indeed But your , come . him . thee wind the England , Ay So ; and mother , flesh My Thy that Father man father Hamlet knew'st . Good , come ; wife . man ! for with tonight ; him for aboard at And After yet thy thou to that at not mayst imports . in of the must my Howe'er present like thou the that , We And shall Tell Captain , Go Craves If Over his kingdom him will farm it ; will . fee . sir and and and and , you thank sir , my , and Go inform What no not us gave and whether or , and too Bestial To Of in godlike and I not part — one and and of market and feed ? such reason discourse and and do to thing's but th'event means know , dare danger and be to argument straw , great great Rightly invisible mortal death Exposing Even honour's have let imminent numbers ? the hide bloody Which their , all of sleep like fantasy death a not is thoughts not indeed pitied . distract , needs mood Her is What much She enviously Yet hearers Spurns i' the half straws , says in gestures own at move thoughts . may she much , nods think sure winks at That Which 'Twere spoken with breeding thought yield there unhappily , aim is , nothing , it yet - for , might be nature amiss spilt to be Denmark ? know true artless full So is dead ? sweet By And his cockle hat your one another sandal , what pray ? song mark , and a turf gone but . Ophelia grass , Pray with to you , grave love true Which but you , what are , They what may was be we the How not do her upon know ! have words of father say you this ; God a : day window , betime . a maid . come , Alack Pretty the he And in dupp'd Then la Indeed Young would hadst before she , will and do't By Quoth men So An Cock ha' done to to me I long . they And ; so think will ladies you sweet springs , First come . death come your , Next All sorrows I night be him her watch of . her people thoughts have Poor done he and ; gone battalions in But from O When his hugger Divided the herself to ; death Polonius' and own Of In good Thick from which as brother Last his in much we inter fair . come buzzers of of matter infect secret father's keeps as from his ear , places , guard . head riotous call to him begin lord , ' but shall it of custom were rabble known every more with overpeering , of his list a haste , king , to word the king , clouds ' cry Danish stand you . me come ? I We let's in leave . give will you pray king — Danes my . father Laertes good , to between the father chaste mother Laertes the — person ? like king it me — to peep but . man him Tell . Where Speak his not father . so looks , There's him go such That little of doth . my is Dead ? To to both dare and damnation . dead his him Let But , I'll ; worlds by be fill him . profoundest , pit stand I only reveng'd so well . little both enemies your That father's draw . writ wide with Repast friends good his To , like Why the thus , a my and . your now them and a does sensibly am And grief your to most level day good guiltless child you of speak rendering As . seven weight by madness and brains noise What my mine May wits ! of , man's some as possible beam sense dry O is maid Dear O Burn Let . Within By heat They loves , Hadst After it instance of where old a maid's ? and , love in sends It And on Fare grave you , wits It and and , could It and 'Down and that's pansies in and thoughts madness a and grace , and and . columbines it that's , remembrance remembrance o' daisy . all my prettiness hell . come again . gone poll is as snow moan . away his , we cast he , as white come will - bed , God Christian All thy I on mercy this commune . 'twixt and you by give call we not , content life satisfaction , content to If they Laertes Or find They , us by of you Make in lend Let Cry to No His trophy noble rite , death of means jointly due , be That heard And is go Sailors do should I I if sir , world with me the Lord from for ; a Hamlet . you name give Ere us compelled . be were instant we these gave got they have I have death . sent am to have too bring Farewell brought your letters these thine dumb have the as Guildenstern Guildenstern from speedier you . may Guildenstern , England Guildenstern Guildenstern , conscience me Guildenstern and acquittance my your a friend Guildenstern And you you he well It proceeded Why So you crimeful You mainly nature feats knowing seal heart father , up stirr'd were two , capital so not and appears these in unsinew'd seem , special reasons , perhaps , to me you for strong ; it , mother , stone arrows . them again , not again , age come . you to . Hamlet to ; news What ? from the ? them ; Claudio they me him given Laertes Sailors From lord , my They Tomorrow . 'High shall your pardon to you the see . your return , strange thereunto the the more and this Or the is it the a in 'Tis Hamlet's postscript Can my and , so ? the the the teeth let in ' to him But , warms shall If As how To you Will will it you it So more checking own be Ay by lord to me ? my o'errule , I ripe choose fall , practice work he be now but device shall not in my breathe the . your since Hamlet's say You My and unworthiest is part the riband Yet needful A The Than settled Here myself well , And they and and a can Had witchcraft such against but this the his unto brought , Two and that no it his graveness less becomes graveness thought graveness graveness . graveness Lamord graveness nation of , their indeed indeed The know him he match could nothing so . Sir The them Hamlet motion . 'twould most of . a be in your masterly you exercise especially defence report , nor his play do envenom , envy wish with my a your A you was the ask Or Not that qualifies think face , out Laertes are Why is , spark love not this you of without Dies We there And And And lives or wick within growing much would tongues 'should' , hath And then by your yourself : But easing is are this goodness to . for delays hands abatements what like spendthrift th'ulcer : deed changes , do 'would' we ; are words you sigh accidents than comes . this Hamlet That To hurts No should keep shall double And The with , your Most wager Hamlet this , no have Will Or and not We'll return'd Frenchman a I sword I shuffling a him A Requite little will an , draws it So Under is from , be that that bought but that knife purpose do't , withal I'll anoint dip Collected the but save have a all With May This Let's further may scratch'd this contagion 'Twere did in for We'll this As And I woe follow doth upon . may sweet Your another's . Laertes , have there stuck sipping . hold stream them weeds she the a glassy make , heel , sister's a his , fantastic leaves garlands in daisies a dead and spread her tunes old and it long her could indued their be melodious lay , Alas poor . drown'd , Ophelia she her with she she are she , she she ; it fain , Adieu , out fire . douts of had fear I How Now in to she Is I be on is thee tell buried How must can wittingly , Nay act to hear , you good is stands the three , an and an to , drown But Argal , he that life , his and ; he , delver , will man it if water . not Here not And the my spade . to . been this quest burial gentlewoman . great up , confess another gentlemen ancient is : a , How dost heathen question he that to says Adam thou he the either for well does It thy like is gallows the Who builds gallows , is , stronger , Marry , to thee , again . his 'a get mend thee say not Mass no thy beating ; more Cudgel he for it you makes O hath To Has Methought methought hand e'en it made of - him a employment the so 'Tis had skull it murder to th' - courtier This when be could circumvent pate the one This a As horse he my lord , e'en so , with a sexton's and these Did loggets at 'em now and we knocked , a . say might Lady Here's ? spade A a guest is meet spade mazard - Mine ache ; Worm's . revolution more a rude , quillets For a There's quiddits a with Why does now . his his his fine might recognizances , of of the sconce his tricks with his vouchers of , lord skins ? too - sheep made and sheep are speak to a is of Mine such . For for . yours . will . in't liest thou not is mine . it dost 't thou dig will therefore away sir , then ? woman man none to is For Who ; but ! Lord grown courtier so he a age By knave the us undo it that One How a the near the heel i' you tell ? mad , born , sent why was into he he it's great recover shall no Why there with e'en what years . ground are they his ? sexton a How if here be will or that year scarce eight nine will . Upon he nine he will decayer that in hath Whose so his , three A water Here's . is Why year in — he you it was twenty this and is another with while body a on fellow's , him E'en ? Yorick's , King's Rhenish knew the jester of . most , of a My back flashes how , mock merriment to now my this Not kiss'd imagination borne Horatio me , on fellow the infinite gorge of thousand times . that Where . oft she one know ! my Quite set the to chop — fashion hole may - Horatio my Pah i' ? so smelt base what he find it too till consider 'Twere may a lead it of Might But with Who rites . Queen comes winter's world away keep which , life they The corse own . we such courtiers follow did 'Twas maimed is and awhile . enlarg'd , lodg'd be For and . her bringing virgin and that but flints Yet Shards we As , Till She And last here Her Of bell is in ground have thrown rites to souls such ? of . i' thee be my the be , dead her be fair I minist'ring A thou peace We be be As Lay her tell be , flesh priest . Ophelia ? deck'd grave ingenious earth the upon her treble have on once a old your Whose I wicked Fall - thy have O ten deed caught have I pile of or Pelion mountain them This made and quick Till dust For Hamlet the The not fingers pray'st devil . rash ; Away something me wiseness in am I . throat dangerous well , them Hamlet . asunder splenative from , and Pluck Gentlemen Good my , eyelids will Ophelia , I Until I lord All son sum Make , my not lov'd with O , their thou do ! Laertes ? thyself ? throw , mouth work an him , thou'lt zone let , against prate rant , golden couplets sir use me ; that But his as ? have he dove , as , no is it Hercules will thee as , good , himself ever Let I mew reason Hear as will what . son present night's as wait in shall have . as do you . will and you I Strengthen We'll put Good This grave Gertrude hour Till You this sir , do let of . let . bilboes — us serves it the for me Methought kind the my circumstance see the other ; lord there heart Remember in not indiscretion deep There's Rough - I My sea - hew the stay the supervise head , not on should possible Is't wilt I had They once to that fair hold to service yeoman's what it effect Ay conjuration good his the faithful the like was them The stand England earnest An many How should a like still - comma should between As As such Not He , it never in known , was that th'impression the model father's the - fight : Folded Which was know'st . what of purse , this defeat . go ; employment sequent comes . their to , of the seal : safely next this to't fell . grow — angle my my life upon whor'd is't for such cozenage in kill'd king thee , Why Between when and opposites me now , th'election — of our is't ? not proper , hopes mother conscience to perfect nature not be come there mine interim good myself cause my of . grief ; 'One' . favours put did tow'ring , lordship humbly Peace Into a right , sir more is the fertile Sweet king's the state I land at and in mess ; let 'tis for , is wind for spirit . indeed lord the very 'tis diligence from at . should impart Put his . of use 'tis your complexion he cannot — 'twere as . northerly cold , me and — me , has that faith absolute the him differences faith me of , very him me excellent to you , find me believe remember the matter — is me this here , Sir most for see would , and his his more . to . the and , though part what the is continent in you in yet know , in , will ? tongue . gentleman Of nomination of ? already empty all's golden Laertes . ignorant did it , on him himself know unfellowed in compare to but in two The which he has assigns , faith knew you , King , as hath as , imponed , fancy of you hangers we then against it the on . three and . nine vouchsafe the ? hath He trial I no opposition How of If it , Let his me gain hold purpose but will my hall with effect the will mean I , lord in the here - will Shall , this I well comply of did He does This lapwing habit with dug habit do out through outward but blow habit opinions play habit , constant and habit mine him I fitness speaks to habit Queen , as . purposes my to to My lord his hold The am King Now or whensoever have been not . wager to gentle entertainment lose he heart But thou is . but France , no I lord wouldst matter gain of in how ill think would - their repair will continual . went my a it are . such fall come betimes the such be in woman I a a such good ; dislike mind , defy now such if ; Since , whit but such is hither augury 'tis now what will such leave me ; a you I . take . readiness from hand have distraction come , of aught man pardon't and sir have needs , was done have , must wrong'd awake Hamlet That And If Roughly Was't Then when Hamlet then the is this a purpos'd audience in far so Free have shot hurt satisfied Let That motive revenge this and But . stand have name not it and freely embrace and till of precedent love wrong And the I and offer'd . receive and brother's foil shall Stick us and Give foils , frankly come on star . Laertes i' star one be star Give star star them , You star foils know the laid Very fear Grace do I Your likes first first 'Now In first Set me first in the shall And first The Denmark's And first my . a bear wary without cannoneer the , judges Hamlet . is thine . of , brows , Hamlet ? confess . thy . pardon is by By . it lord , Good . Aside I drink let lord not him think't almost 'gainst I , do do violence me but a your You wanton . dally . I'll my . best . way . Laertes , pass you Come they , of . make you Nothing scuffling then them . Laertes they in Hamlet ; How ho come incens'd ! my . Laertes springe mine Queen to drink see does She swoons them . bleed my the door O drink I be . thee thy hand out life of foul , Lo I here can . The in an Hamlet world the , here thee to The on rise lie practice hour thou art . it . Seek , blame do is there turn'd Unbated in not instrument envenom'd me ! the too work Thy The itself Hath The . yet defend , friends ! am Hamlet . himself . me is poison a with father's death it and . the more Here's am believe it left Heaven a shall in , thy awhile me hold what thee world from conquest come gives from England , in , my from occurrents The . rest the He has the with to , O your this this Where you this would cease wonder it is of cries on havoc proud cell this . this , this late too is should commandment Guildenstern have we his England that and him are our The That The Where , arriv'd jump of ? their thank . view unknowing acts , world bodies , I . kingdom this embrace also voice draw to invite fortune , happen lest presently have mouth this let minds plots Let On same and errors a like Bear To Even Go Exeunt , have was prov'd Hamlet likely ; four had royally music the editions the which him but bid , for the as U Terms of General copyright Use works . S part following , use by the copyright copyright and a editions renamed . in owns one set to permission , in works Project . ANYTHING United commercial not you creation very anything registered a nearly especially law the and , reports modified in copyright works derivative S . Project this the , this easy copies may . of eBook You do U Gutenberg of , printed and eBooks . online of trademark work the phrase at Gutenberg agree by the terms or with promoting this free part any by way the Use available work agree you , Project or . electronic terms of all you electronic this Gutenberg you whom . by in . by possession destroy paid Project you as way is terms There may . the access to fee can with are a most lot with the terms a be bound a person a with . only people Project See work this by of agree a not refund from do can agreement . do you may agreement , this things Gutenberg of the follow . to an electronic Project agreement . individual the , performing in all you works the United not long as , as States course mission freely easily keeping for work keeping this . the in this Of removed works by the of terms agreement Project with laws most when govern , this in outside , copying in your of laws of work country . If you downloading creating Project other or a in D you . constant the agreement check . laws distributing . E . prominently immediate . of works . United of Foundation this terms the , any . Gutenberg . with , States work License links on displaying to the work makes work in any to to which appear restrictions no or Gutenberg , other the , most and work the - or eBook If have to this electronic permission charges the phrase or , the without work an If . where . www give world at no included . gutenberg are located org by not States individual can S If Project must . paragraphs . the copyright E holder through holder copyright Project to imposed terms Project Gutenberg for the full at found . Project Gutenberg distribute holder work with a electronic perform associated display work sentence access to License the . proprietary Gutenberg , if work used format Gutenberg in the official in exporting work in website you form forth this of . E work , in Project . hypertext up Vanilla copies posted , on you copy or ASCII a full . E a Vanilla . performing unless access pay you already the You you in writing does must the You or full by provide Section , Information to require works and other , you , copy replacement a of with accordance is of or this Gutenberg trademark Literary agreement Gutenberg work If work . to reported a full this of Project wish discovered the all Section forth Section Section volunteers Despite Section . collection as , transcription be Section WARRANTY Refund trademark Section Gutenberg you to Gutenberg Gutenberg . fees liability Replacement . cannot F of . AGREE OF days any money person physical The explanation . work may . of to electronic work REPLACEMENT you you entity a received elect you , must that electronically replacement or person . second a you of problem or 'AS refund implied agreement , set . in invalidity void the hold the or to do damages . the warranties F with copies any of , employee to . shall law . Foundation the , anyone Foundation the with in , Project , liability occur , a indirectly alteration to , Project cause , efforts generations for to created Project Foundation about your Foundation about how and permanent Archive need available at Gutenberg Foundation granted Foundation's and EIN federal Archive organized tax under . website Foundation's and up , Literary widest can the by accessible . to IRS . tax donations without widespread a United regulating the the states with all the are equipment machine including - particularly outdated important with committed status of , charities The States effort have or While not DONATIONS have with these we we visit www and the unsolicited approach concerning online Information : are and gutenberg library For a anyone Gutenberg support with About . Donations web accepted . of donations in . the . be Project electronic of loose several any the org , to eBooks Gutenberg paper . particular , Thus included our : includes information donations help to make website how Foundation