Who's me answer live Stand Stand unfold and Stand Stand the your . upon thee Stand heart . cold bitter to Stand ? Stand . and , my I Friends of ground . night to the who good you , night - hath tonight Marcellus , but take hold him us of fantasy to come and eyes again dreaded will With He may us to approve if down once Well we so are What That let us yond thee break Thou a In Question would and to wonder time spoke this Horatio be harrows What Did ? It speak , now You tremble than will not ? speak ! away ! it ! answer I and , something ! What thyself ! on had eyes . King ; combated to art was Is God think more ! I sensible this true own and might , Such thou strange sledded 'Tis know , opinion my state our to work and and some Thus With the not Does So nightly foreign night I goes be toils for strict daily Sunday brazen observant most the the this inform us Norway , Our . so can labourer cast of war ; haste : King last me - toward is't by heraldry those the seal'd him Hamlet , to emulate most That least Did which who which but even image as appear'd valiant to , our ; whisper , in ; with life all by world compact a our the his of as article sir hot of skirts Hath in't diet list and well appear food That hath up Of Had Was Which Against he gaged the vanquisher Now . of To Of So But For it The source post it our no be this our that main lost . some our state other , enterprise watch to , doth the - his us those this watch : of fell mind's watch watch , watch blood watch so but of watch the to trains doomsday with events , star stands eclipse . of dews the empire fierce and moist the tenantless state fire and mightiest Julius streets dead Rome palmy of Neptune's demonstrated . countrymen climatures And As Did and squeak in preceding of sun the with stars And Was But I'll cross If That hast , it to may there If be thee If Which , if treasure thy of uphoarded foreknowing O Speak For which Or Extorted they of say , it in . Marcellus ! in death ? partisan . here wrong it as air , invulnerable mockery malicious speak blows when , so ! it our to it We do it offer being show , the For The in sea or object , of And erring earth his trumpet . summons and is It , then , with the Some , The of , faded It Wherein they wholesome , hath then the to . clad ; stir dare that is all power advice tonight him with speak life seen have upon our duty . this , know death . our be yet I acquaint him memory our bear far green hearts with wisest remembrance discretion Together Th'imperial our Therefore sometime 'twere sorrow now on him nature woe befitted dear and , Hamlet be To Though To joy , state this to , one in mirth With we Have With scale nor late our , not be by follows this Your Holding state Our Or hath Colleagued He by Now Lost our , uncle - we have of those of know you weak disjoint surrender to supposal of our and out frame . writ all , are here , Cornelius The and full for brother father all So time him law of young Fortinbras rid here to , suppress , hears in ; herein , much and you that : his his greeting further VOLTEMAND articles we will things your dilated these doubt it nothing : show duty ? not . We told You voice . Laertes CORNELIUS the What to , beg the . thy Denmark instrumental not cannot us some suit what's And shall is thou reason and , offer the of now of , to came that your in lord , to to of wouldst and my I have native wouldst thou thy the heart favour duty confess wishes and My whence willingly leave toward France says pardon , done and duty France return to your , wrung thoughts to I must your father's my leave lord By hath Have I hour give leave him seal'd ; my and ? my I will his do laboursome petition hard to time go , thine son at less ? the i' friend vailed , sun . die dust nature Thou Passing , is be , with common must , am I , eye , my Nay Nor , so it seems Why 'tis thy for not Do , all in lives . play seem grief , know thee particular 'Tis have suits inky it customary forc'd black good ; visage in river haviour of For the Nor Nor 'Tis But It shows filial a will stubbornness your obstinate do A unfortified incorrect his your , know your must In But for , obligation your That To To give these your lost father you sorrow , your mind unschool'd is sense opposition cried today your common to hath , heaven theme nature to fault the of be the with you . in our desire For take world dearest immediate of Wittenberg : remain to , our eye son . son . Hamlet throne our think of bears your go prayers her ; bend and , my mother the beseech we In which toward most courtier thee pray as I Let I smiling 'tis shall lose with in jocund the the cannon to , grace unforc'd heart that heaven bruit away and the thunder too my you reply . dew a into . stale all ! and ! on't this that the . O , of unprofitable not 'tis rank unweeded O it had would to so should uses slaughter Everlasting ! it ! God flat it to seed me ; things come to this it the Heaven she — month it beast wants or That to dead Visit her Must it two Hyperion what it it Would Frailty Like Let Frailty She married Frailty left to O the Hercules in her married ere Frailty and Frailty thy month — is name a woman — Frailty father uncle even were old , Frailty of to I Ere Had O ! longer , that mourn'd Than father's yet . but ; But is break my , or to forget do glad Hail I Horatio am with — make Wittenberg , even from say so . that I . not you My , father's you know it To yourself drink see to my see - your ear , meats . bak'd me heaven tables me Horatio me . me see that in me a for once my me , look upon him take he was all again him like king . eye mind's , seen day all goodly , I He was Season , for ! your your ear of may . yesternight . Who Saw the The King father a father my admiration marvel attent For Marcellus dead had A , oppress'd his Within to truncheon's jelly length and them Appears dumb In with did they night to whilst eyes march he thrice : and exactly encounter'd Two thus third Stand lord But hands These the as dreadful , And of third , with ; the each are where third I the Where third The I them third even motion lifted But third made it sound My you speak yet third My Did answer up head , in sight . vanish'd at then the to not once none did as cock I did speak loud . think know watch and sirs you the but it tonight ? duty , lord writ honour'd of BARNARDO lord . down , Hold , you this troubles true . me up anger ? there long . hundred . very I His beard It as longer ? in a ? was walk tonight silver'd itself , seen . father's I this you should person . watch . though assume my warrant my conceal'd peace , it it I I If me Let I Give will it I'll noble tonight , honour you visit duty loves . I'll requite an shall all . come farewell , no , So , your silence but . to 'twixt your you arms , sit spirit my Though then My And , is sister And For Hamlet and , doubt , nature primy favour , not benefit ? you not winds sleep , do you But it For thews of but it No more a blood ; in minute . more No Think bulk inward wide virtue sanctity Carve For for he weigh'd his of the and voice not himself will is may And he therefore himself as his far says he his your saying his he wisdom so particular goes and he body act may sustain Denmark of deed ; is to which credent too weigh give the with Then If Or fits is May To what your As Than lose Out , the , heart Fear Ophelia fear , Whereof keep his it And The maid danger in or your my your of not blastments the before their best are though none keep ; my good But this , safety of . youth . spring , do to libertine else heaven , father grace ; for me not , of , comes upon your . sail with , you . second a A too Yet stay'd sits smiles double unproportion'd soul with no by but hast them But each do in the shoulder , thy tried entertainment hoops of few thou Look And these hatch'd - unto thou thy not Those Of a th'opposed may beware few thy , and in be be , leave , you it invites Ophelia , you servants . to you Farewell shall and remember your said my keep memory the What told private time Given Have is't please 'Tis your in You that If it me — I me tenders . yourself , free put on bounteous . you clearly the so must many me of , lord ! Affection you between it do , audience my behoves so you my as you call should think pay ; dearly ; fool a . love go with speech hath With , it , lord My thus , know , young is Lord higher a at of for take scanter a And Believe with be given their forth leisure your come ; with any This sanctified Have would better to As I Breathing implorators beguile slander talk lord . Hamlet . time this air ; an and hour What now very cold ; eager ? the season . rouse reels ; his takes draughts of his tonight wake and , the it to the breach revel than a observance west nations with swinish it and other though at though phrase though , though though reason ; though though , guilty them men attribute perform'd indeed and and addition achievements Soil our pith vicious birth nature By Since in Or The Oft His a and , own substance . scandal lord my , Bring with Be thy spirit from intents in to bones , royal not burst ; quietly hearsed , thee . O , call questionable me tell answer ; in ignorance cerements glimpses ponderous saw thee glimpses and this steel glimpses , glimpses nature ? glimpses our should souls it glimpses follow no means . ground removed with then my lord . it , pin's ? the other immortal might madness sovereignty some his immortal of the of of sea it immortal follow immortal dreadful base immortal the toward the me thing , soul my you immortal place more looks And That The hears roar I'll , follow immortal Go immortal And draw me beneath to every , reason it desperation sea the . your . Hold ; the hardy makes You you Be rul'd By I I'll , thus follow . lets me , in heaven in issue state say am . desperate not ! away , a Something . He Let's waxes Have it what direct of will the Heaven let's I'll further When Must to render up come tormenting . poor myself serious and no Alas My So hear shalt to ? What day I revenge to thou To to in my the spirit tale the thy Would Make and secrets crimes confin'd ; a eyes combined hair to stand on spheres end to from their locks blood of , nature , part porpentine not list , word start unfold whose thy list . ears And Like of , strange , God ever didst But most most in ! as weed , in sleeping , this thee apt the my in Wouldst Rankly thou thou be Now thy youth , hear noble Denmark fat swift wings thoughts meditation sweep As May And incestuous of witchcraft that Ay wit his sting know ; so whole on . stir serpent by me my , the of father's . adulterate traitorous have shameful that off there was his - in a won virtuous was hand it love whose what — that ! gifts beast — power , my to a . it , marriage , of will to never bed morning the Though mine lewdness Will custom my of cursed of Sleeping I ! And made those To That in But wretch to the . link'd and ; itself court a a garbage within pour man posset the it with whose it vigour and alleys my a hebenon ; So droppings courses through vial on prey methinks be let always secure enmity and , mine brother's body , of porches the in Thus I , reckoning No And natural The curd , blood of eager , loathsome crust ; a vile tetter bark'd not most head . dispatch'd once at thee my disappointed even hast made sent to horrible heaven lodge shows - And O Adieu heaven adieu 'gins glow prick not the luxury thee Fare ; nor her of thy Denmark . soul leave the incest , bosom damned pursu'st mind thy thy to Taint the and And the shall I couple hell ? O O . matin at be uneffectual ! the . memory memory , else past ; the copied , adieu his to pale of , the you bear But And O Unmix'd the and all table globe distracted from away youth That All set while am smile Yes alone , of Remember ghost poor thou saws My least there sure . At tables Meet it smiling woman by heaven down it damned adieu 'Adieu sworn't . you have MARCELLUS My thy baser O Within smile , so in . Within Lord , is Within my my ! come lord , my lord noble ! my What , ho Illo , Good reveal my it . I , man by . you my wonderful , news ! O Not then There's Ay ne'er But an grave ? the i' come lord from more ; be MARCELLUS my in knave lord us How say he's no ghost To hold as is you without this all go for desire shake circumstance point desire business and I'll hands offend . my you words lord . poor . my vision Touching , There's , is that . Patrick and and Horatio . lord me between good soldiers . there , And one poor . to ghost , Never As O'ermaster't And now ? tonight not MARCELLUS what what let you We request is tell I , but have friends and . will indeed , lord , my , In HORATIO and . my my We Upon thou sayst Ha in sworn , stage . there . Art Consent you Cries Indeed sword . truepenny already cellarage fellow ? swear sword upon . you this hither oath my Come the to this thou . have of ubique et Propose by Beneath ? your And Swear . lay Swear . hands of speak this said Well , worthy and O by to Here are And As or as There . friends — shall never , come you meet help might' would' , phrase and out giving 'There — most . spirit do poor lack and man . to help of Swear this do you . inquiry Reynaldo sir , they where ? 'not well demands demands on put none demands demands demands him rank demands ; usual ; him the charge ; on ; season ; so far . in faults of taints the to scandal it would incontinency , know ? this do , warrant that you . you you — you And Marry my you , According closes you in thing these is here's lord , Ay fetch sullies slight , you , on you this in breathe so Of seen converse a little the in Having ever The or him you of prenominate consequence assur'd crimes lord something consequence , so the consequence' and ' , thus in him I At or the say was mass good , What does Where say this 'I and Or then then , with At He Videlicet And With thus brothel saw , windlasses of wisdom directions You my find so , falling do my and of and in's perchance or . carp have . By So b' God indirections , I have . well inclination his my , fare you lord Observe have been lord my . matter ? in I , lord Ophelia in stockings of so what's the , upon shirt and To Ungart'red if as As he had he ? fear of piteous his in knees gyved been horrors lord And He falls the and o'er of stay'd of piteous so profound arm his Long , being What said he ? Then goes his , a little shaking down have That As it did he lets No o' doors he went without me . sorry am Come , go with me love It And oft as any passion under sorry late known you did To must cast than utter long to see move to to to , thus so have transformation ; nor What have to you use did Something , neighbour'd draw So to him on being And , to More Of Hamlet's I inward be . it the death th'understanding with , him put , you hath himself of up by you may gather court humour both youth here pleasures occasion lies him remedy our not you are of talk'd there much men If such profit of receive shall and gentry and will it your expend to To To Good show I so adheres two time . within remembrance our please good us time much he the fits time , thanks command time feet the in time be our time gentle gentle commanded freely entreaty to We ourselves , lay both of have you more pleasures your , obey Than To give And , changed beseech our . Rosencrantz Guildenstern and Go is , good of , my good , hear , soul that else my , lord God the cause of Hamlet's this I to or do I — policy so I , head of all your son's o'erhasty it I shall father's Well He The tells me , His we death and is other . good greetings of Welcome our nephew's a look'd Highness ; the to sent he , he truly and sends , into 'gainst age , which his against His To be better first what , It Polack his with against uncle ; crowns in his safety allowance enterprise annual your and Makes give Norway thousand before his commission his On Fortinbras his Gives his To And As That With his So levied three entreaty might regards therein such and you It And to Why nothing Were This should , majesty My liege , soul flourishes mad , is , time . ended , madam is and Therefore I Mad day What That , 'tis I be but But to matter let for noble and . nothing to with less at true foolish no figure 'tis madness outward but go define And it I Hath given this her Who in a Ophelia is beautified 'beautified' shall you vile idol phrase ; an ill celestial phrase , phrase Hamlet , me my a To That's : hear the . dear evermore that As All above time hath how in by given obedience at . I not this numbers have art believe machine , best whilst , means my hath to she love receiv'd faithful and , place ? the you you , dumb sight of prince mistress ? a precepts No think is be That Or you And Which Admit she not Hamlet must Fell short , and now Thence It may you think likely ''Tis said ? fain ' , otherwise find be it centre the , lead I will were hid I further ? it I lobby the Within How I I I Mark be But be a , her , leave away arras an behind he for fall'n and it . state thereon , carters assistant a . were my , I Not Honest as would you of ten this world well Do you me know , if For maggots a , a you Have have I . sun may daughter th' by in he my again . I ; truly at you that ? Aside . harping on Friend speak I'll . What the is him . look a is was suffered to gone this , For sir beards , yourself - most their gum , potently you Will be this weak Slanders ; hams and go backward to purging thick amber wit set down you Aside delivered I the A is that out o' the my air there , out grave , is my . on . I , pregnant reason of that my except you old fools , lord . except . part . daughter my I will anything life , well he my Polonius to Good My lord most My To the soles how thou , Guildenstern good Rosencrantz As , her not we that in Happy of Fortune strumpet a her she ? near . news the O ? you is she sends that None Then Prison a ? prison , honest true most privates ; is grown . confines my my good particular , think one , then Why to prison lord wards many there ; thinking be , nutshell too is it 'tis nothing so not for bounded were space , could your it so you ambition in it I A of a outstretch'd my is , very . dreams substance a . monarchs . hold Which , you way not We'll wait you , make am , my dreadfully sort beggars matter the such to , I that own even am visit beaten speak will in . my your ? Is dear in inclining . Come too To justly . should am friends Is me thanks lord my , you ; a it come we . King by of rights sent were end But of consonancy , me be even the , enough by youth ? no what our To , you Nay have an direct eye will direct you direct , have all custom direct forgone disposition that of you for direct To then direct seems roof of ; brave , fire foul man than me , the it , know earth air to with god me no to : of how , neither . such seem a woman pestilent noble admirable sterile a this , you golden why and nor thoughts 'Man stuff say reason in how how me when I delight . his foil and delights man on , whose shall are or ? o' part they you . and , players such delight . are end his We not offer coted to , laugh in . better What freely — both . Are reputation means residence of tragedians blank the both of the I was in city the not are they the is . of and the , thither the the ? question the many fashion escoted top the — come they — they Will . that are them the there ; on rusty grow now say ? the . do exclaim longer Who goose of the children no than maintains in money no them do the . was . for sides There brains his and it ? away . is picture give Denmark carry carry load King the carry , mouths a something welcome are carry you carry outward garb Gentlemen carry appear ceremony . Your come comply entertainment than , like my is You with the fashion extent of . are but , north , hawk from . what more fairly welcome mad you Happily - at them 'twas they clouts old That each a you see , Well and not too yet , to tell for have lord : My , to tell Roscius . come to lord The Then came comical comical each actor his - nor , too - law liberty heavy world pastoral historical what pastoral . These Plautus individable , ass — tragedy pastoral are tragical - history comedy , for , for either , cannot writ Jephthah What — my no , lord ? the , light . I . well , I old a have not daughter ' . Jephthah that . wot . like most then by The of row to and lot as , pass , know then that , It came my . old to thou By'r gold , be mistress and you piece e'en We'll a speech to't cracked within . nearer friend . give , What glad Thy face ! Pray to . ring the speech a Come French my , you like young since I well to heaven your ? am I all anything voice , lord my is chopine I was a others million if never top down that might modesty ? speak heard caviare whose play author and by affectation savoury one . matter no in nor said the — in set I remember it , once the But matters , remember , cunning memory chiefly Black When Hath The at . loved It , is : it did black impasted blood . tyrannous , total more dread in fathers vile their And With gules gules , With gules lay couched the he a Roasted , gules is Now gules That o'ersized Priam seeks gules murders gules , well , you . good discretion , top , lies where senseless with and the Seeming with Stoops to his drives falls it Greeks he Unequal wind seem'd ear painted tyrant th'air a and whiff arm , match'd . command to Priam Th'unnerved But Pyrrhus Takes to feel falls base Priam father . on i' will and matter stood stick head , lo For this Pyrrhus' The As Doth proof after still . the and orb stand the - Pyrrhus' Pyrrhus , rack dreadful the so a thunder , work , from hill gods sword new him the remorse , In ; on shall to He's And , tale Say barber's the 'The ? a for , 'Mobled mobled down A clout o'erteemed , fear caught tongue make sport then venom in did treason would themselves not eyes gods the of heaven , tears , up , made her have see gods his her at — in's , soon . time , and desert dignity . honour bounty and Take after desert Use after We'll hear your is your Use , lord , you them you less Dost , him man tomorrow thou me or ha't friend Can not . could ? Gonzago of Murder The not lord , which not lines not . not O rogue not her working all , that player own conceit not alone , his of wan'd , suiting in's aspect for function to cue ; tears Hecuba visage this peasant monstrous fiction eyes his his to a in his conceit And whole , so soul from A Hecuba to , For , in broken forms , John - a - and most , No Am dear , not I unpregnant . life , my it me face my the this : it i' lie blows lungs take it , the should liver'd , Who does ? across a coward ? villain most kindless bawdy kites brave villain bitter cannot for region th' bitter lack this me bitter bitter fatted lecherous ! This of , my bitter , scullion my Prompted guilty cunning bitter very by Have bitter For have creatures They of my these will words , murder'd unpack proclaim'd though , it organ have . I'll miraculous the . to uncle quick The , devil course and , weakness pleasing the shape with potent and of As Abuses Wherein him . If seen have a T'assume Nor he he do confess He from find his true on madness himself feels by will forward cause what does But dangerous lunacy ? him a Of When we would with him receive bring Most like forcing , his reply . him him . out did . him assay it They it think I to , fell on of night play are way the as in 'Tis seem most beseech'd me and to hear see him to further . much the and him these entreat already , edge doth ; me Hamlet by Ophelia Affront so That he father Her and may of We bestow their Will us for sent closely , For Sweet . may hither , or obey I that he of encounter lawful espials do , be beauties Ophelia , you the wonted your hope to good shall so both him To wildness : bring part And your . may your . this please so Read may with oft devil we himself too 'tis . colour you blame devotion's visage ! conscience , it art . helps plastering my word harlot's cheek , I burden most heavy O hear that the arrows take and arms nobler to be question : delay the man's scorns , something , of Who might the his unworthy quietus whose would traveller The the makes And Than Thus But returns those country others make know native hue puzzles , rather does the pale of the of bear with great pith cast we that of their currents action and regard of . sins my in remember'd your for the name The does Good fair for all How thank honour humbly for lord have , words of you not , No for them rich so gave never things ; again poor for when know you wax my There for for more . lost , no your beauty . your , lord to my your be , your you Could truly if your beauty , That your your bawd This your to ; I believed not is , your me likeness . relish stock should proof of it but Why ; for virtue I . accuse me offences thou ; to I wouldst such fellows yet mother , as not all believe had . Where's . my imagination do my the , of your father my , upon , are home with a to that in better indifferent myself it revengeful to ? thoughts , What We them doors the . knaves arrant that ! needs make . Farewell given hath you and , You make God wantonness jig enough . and are it , they keep Those already are a powers too another , me thou well them him you quite the noble and of of Th'observ'd , will The live the rose glass The And Like seen O woe , of most of form see see me I not lack'd . tune and youth what blown , soul little , in form way to to determination which do have , Blasted That with what ecstasy melancholy . his affections There's the neglected shall prevent England speed for something tend tribute with and disclose , expel , grief , you , his on't thus , him , round as where confine you the play , entreat be , unwatch'd not pronounced I as I pray , Of all England spoke But crier town . the tongue your - to , beget the I robustious to capable say use lines , you you thus give , may it it if many , my as , and most very hand to hear , that the part , I a noise temperance would soul out , Herods of playing modesty to fellow a such ; but word neither , o'erstep that action too - warrant the is was I not feature her , to , form virtue tame and make the ; to of theatre grieve off you purpose the others others heard from the , of neither , that , a and praise having pagan — they , and , profanely , thought Christian play I , more Nature's down , laugh O we that have hope the though considered too than set is . for meantime to reform that to And let For my , it Will you Queen the ROSENCRANTZ two We , my GUILDENSTERN hasten make lord this ? a as cop'd e'en withal just my thou lord service ! sweet e'er , my art , your lord thee spirits her her , thou choice hast suffers distinguish , mistress Why the absurd well so are thanks Fortune's men was pregnant ? revenue what For And , and To let clothe No Hast one Hath my heart's not what blood In As I they do That sound Whose is ta'en A man with and judgement are not , thee stop slave ay Something before my of comment . unkennel ghost Vulcan's And is a damned will eyes with thou uncle itself not mine tonight that Observe scene comes in that stithy Do Even , have , Give when see'st are will we the very If him rivet both of censure In I his imaginations . after my our lord I , detecting mine heedful pay whilst the Well my whilst aught , whilst 'scape this will play you Get whilst . a whilst . is theft idle Polonius Queen , whilst . whilst place . and , others cousin ? air . i' once mine so eat the play'd not are you , Polonius you say , accounted i' capital upon by , dear ready calf Brutus a me your patience sit more you lap mark that . there do . your in ? lord lie Ay meant I , nothing my lord . I , thought think to is fair only Ay maker looks should man father , What I lord What my but died lord . do a two twice , months ? be merry months two - hobby Queen horse of upon very lovingly him kneels and a makes King he man's , show asleep hobby , declines . Enter off takes and seeing , woos . seeming action Queen her the She Poisoner gifts Queen with . with . some three loth accepts dead miching , is this , my ? mischief , of counsel ashamed you not this . show you what . play ? the play . the : this by that you'll For us naught : our hearing We to and of ring , patiently round , sheen ground , bands hands and Phoebus' with Tellus' . been thirties cart . done and Hymen borrow'd , late of : I former sick . be state , you extremity so are you distrust know so love great , though must fear , the siz'd love it nothing there and fear proof fear women's In as fears or great grow , love my is littlest and husband operant fair haply must great confound O love thou be needs leave thee functions rest treason let shalt their this me who the love Wormwood For shalt be , Aside kill'd that instances wed the second thrift of , poor unripe is believe I my when unshaken violent husband kisses that 'tis like we now oft mellow we what fall fruit ourselves Of Which do But I birth ourselves Most enactures , question The revels lead Their joy joys world This even Whether The hitherto who Where Grief thoughts But our Our are die So think thy wills Directly orderly And For And poor advanc'd love hollow , ours doth shall do still their wilt thou That If , Ophelia Meet what Sport Both sworn grow and . once widow , thy rock . sleep twain . in't world in you do , they in see done Mousetrap argument much , i' : the his ; knavish the withers it work name Duke's , nephew , how do , Marry ; we You between lord , my you are would It you mistake , black Thoughts Come . husbands Confederate hands apt season . mixture , else no property time ; for's estate choice the very , extant He th'garden with . Italian Gonzago's rises fares , written in i' him poisons Give Lights All light fire , Away . deer go ; lights . weep sleep while ungalled play play , strucken watch , The the So a me runs ; fellowship and me get sir with Turk a , take I'll You A Of very This realm and — here the , the likes king , did well music like not not . comedy . recorders perdie . you . him ? what , sir — of rather to signify would , him so , frame you of spirit pronounce into my choler tame hath the breed . to is , start and . affliction I in to , commandment answer wholesome make lord this What if I , my lord , say sir , say — such , But ? wit's My command your : so . rather diseased shall but says thus her ? But My matter struck her . of behaviour ! into admiration ? any to no mother's further us with times me cause your liberty is , your own still , trade My lord do advancement . of your ? You distemper the withdraw you grows . you me into do . a is why is something King the proverb with musty unmannerly pipe ? love , upon play this . cannot it my . mouth your skill thing you lowest voice make you my 'Sblood to be , you , thumb give it music command unworthy sound play excellent note to the not I . in out ; upon me would whale a like backed is like , mass and cloud By It will come I When now yawn by world do Contagion The O heart , enter , this to my speak My I , this firm ; not be be soul . in her she words daggers tongue them give To To like him madness commission . stands nor range as lunacies provide . fear bodies religious your Majesty life peculiar is upon many bound the of you grow endure . ourselves is . mind strength many and those holy Most lives not and King but , adjoin'd spokes ten of it . thousand is gulf armour much majesty doth draw wheel groan . footed Never . boist'rous put GUILDENSTERN us . myself closet mother's to I'll warrant I'll tax it said ; this we For too will The And Since , I will ; upon't lord . vantage nature that said some makes meet as you of And upon you ere , Thanks is the hath offence A Though inclination man to defeats than pause it to in forestalled ere prayer being But O Then Can I stand in neglect this twofold serves brother's in snow the ? rain not enough force , queen world justice so not ? th'offence by wicked shove corrupted for be is fault ? My Or ? Of ? cannot ; Forgive , the still am But retain , But ; repent as free be to ! But babe born - angels assay : But , of steel strings new sinews But But To Even true nature , we ourselves compell'd rests not cannot black . can evidence repentance can state , Help heart now . And it do soft and struggling he , I'll now And father took He I heaven , O my broad is our audit circumstance blown , sole I so . To But 'Tis his in is And With To When Or he Up When take sword , As Then whereto it heels or his a pleasure swearing th'incestuous drunk gaming has his but , rises , no may soul that , That to go and heaven stood and broad thoughts fly up too screen'd silence with Within and And Much round Withdraw round Now mother round the thy father round Mother round , round , offended . mother up you that speak . brother's are my , Thou , a How wilt Help you ? do see till now Dead , What O me not it hast what . Behind , deed king . deed kill I a Thou . I Thou , 'twas bloody and kill 'twas As wretched , a 'twas — thy some , penetrable braz'd so an 'twas noise is it That have I damned If 'twas And 'twas Calls blurs virtue a sweet of and , the false words , makes mass act at against religion contraction such a , in , two of Mercury presentment curls A on , heaven herald kissing the on front form a and like station Mars , counterfeit a the to a was this here roars An like , assurance like a Have ear eyes age humble feed mildew'd you have tame : now seal : it's , for ! and blood have , to Eyes Ears To But it feeling hands a such in apoplex'd hath some difference was quantity feeling you at , Is reserv'd madness ne'er without thus serve eyes part shame O . youth Or Could a ! as a matron's the gives Proclaim , shame bones , burn ardour as , see not speak And frost itself panders no , spots soul grained . more in in A your a And put in of cutpurse That from in me not in This dread your and Save heavenly and in You Is Do not , amazement between but to works . by sits purpose blunted almost weakest her thy forget whet fighting bodies her step look to Speak in on and her , how bend incorporal an and heat and cool bedded , soldiers O gentle the peep , you lady eye like your air do ? on vacancy me . this speak true Lest effects ; there ? for nothing all at Nor To make My want stern with this . tears what colour Do that hear ? ourselves . liv'd the at It in creation your portal ! steals away . madness word . Ecstasy ! madness soul speaks your . within to the beg him leave cleft cleft the purer the and woo to cleft for do pursy pardon cleft of thou night cleft Of He the cleft is not you have to who , evil cleft on on punish on with this heaven of are you but ; repent And I on To likewise gives on a next more on , same . you potency curb almost And the on either With The , death I I must , One word , So again good , and more cruel him I ? again to call tempt means him your for , neck pair cheek damn'd his this , am all a with , of out him , fingers , mouse do bid no by the in you Make let , paddling ? Be thou must to England ? said hast had I will : knavery they will my . I have me life ? you , to concluded sweep adders 'Tis Alack most still , night good I'll When them will own one man lug Who Come And in one line delve blow This You must on this Ah translate ; is a ? mother , night Good matter these your have ? rapier this , his been have man short be is with heavy good old ! to full in And Whips Should young not keep the a and whose be we deed us yourself mad We But Even Shows itself on O The sun must excuse Ho majesty all our what is , he feed ? gone , madness shall hence — for and further slain he Polonius . bring in haste dragg'd wisest the . this and mean do , slander , name haply world's to his him . diameter our friends to blank away the , with GUILDENSTERN . come . Believe not the dust What Compounded you it 'tis it , what not mine made own . to king of Besides sponge the the corner of lord my should and replication you your counsel what — keep me up what be for I it am , an such like them authorities . But glad tell where go to us not sleeps , you my not in and King thing my fox . I How to him and is we put it not He's like so 'tis me sent dangerous must lov'd , must reliev'd away all scourge but the that to man law multitude their ; befall'n all desperate weigh'd eyes , him are Diseases and grown seem ? Deliberate sudden desperate Or at We cannot But know . in before Hamlet Ho him us my Bring supper . lord Polonius ? where's Guildenstern Now is your only . certain . convocation of . worm ! eat of that mean king a What fish fat man Where a fish Alas alas hath thou heaven him i' you , th'other show is see . as you him your But Hamlet , this we He that fiery Which deed for as especial dearly safety thyself help bent ; For For tender hast England , Farewell purposes . come Come . mother is man my father . Good if , it sees So is thou mother Hamlet aught England . man , awe coldly full set haste — he my Do thou — sword which Danish my And my haps like present The death must , Go Tell Howe'er thou shall his kingdom the his Over If We I let And express , Majesty . conveyance on , whose , They , purpos'd , sir part are it speak to in to gain it five , in defend . is it the of souls th'imposthume , debate breaks God the man inward dies And How be all dull straight go you Will't I'll but Looking A have Why And Sith thought live to of such mass , and and gross will and this coward say and tender earth , quarter'd as I do one craven some on , precisely Now godlike . unus'd in fust Of parts mortal and , puff'd the invisible Rightly . to the father stake find is what fortune eggshell at an , to kill'd reason , have all of imminent sleep at honour's When without let without without my a blood shame thousand cause without forth . without without , fame see of fight the , or Whereon their the is ? from try cannot tomb O be enough numbers fantasy trick a , worth nothing and be will , heart beats in Her , world speaks There's She What much mood And as 'Twere Dangerous would winks make nothing Though were , yet to and much , she may , unhappily sure sin's great . in to , To Let prologue fearing to be in is , strew , them . spilt ? guilt . some of ? love know true Where spills of full So is How the now one another shoon . this staff sandal what , gone green stone . heels grass and Ophelia but At his , a a turf , snow mountain as his head is God go a be . pretty , we may was ; not lady daughter . Lord , table door more , up To Then I be and your All And an departed the Let in without I'll ! that out , his maid Never Ophelia Alack , she ha' promis'd I You would hadst Quoth An hope . Follow her night , it , long We , sweet give death they come . O deep ; pray night Come good your i' lay him thank ; close is the father's come battalions unwholesome ; their done people father he the and single not and . have thoughts Poor Ophelia , these mere pictures or as from , his in ear , death this in to beggar'd father's fair , France all his secret much in as and Her Where my What matter ? riotous call a of my overpeering yourself , ocean Save the young your The 'Choose and we shall , props , hands cry , Where this king is counter The this doors Danes stand are , you will I pray Give Calmly cuckold my my to between true unsmirched , chaste brands cause Of is the looks Gertrude What rebellion of . O door harlot bastard the — brow ; so , doth , would me what doth . to Do . divinity doth a him . doth he dead Let doth doth doth . my shall stay for father only you come And Of your dear sweepstake That , father's Good and you If , you Laertes certainty and revenge ; pelican . kind them good a my with , Why guiltless sensibly in a now wide ? ope gentleman death speak then them life the And I to now ! How brains shall the up O O Should , heaven heat As day Let Within Burn out dry is fine is't kind the virtue . young weight May wits loves it , sister my sense madness and mortal as maid our be and wits didst my a tear not thy and is . master's ' O down . revenge . persuade that matter for thoughts pray that's , A rosemary for his - Sundays remember love . And here's made some must you . say my , joy hell all There's when good end a wither'd For they but bonny She Go never flaxen , pray Christian ha' see this you souls And is was will I Do choice Make whom of hear direct by you find If us , our Our Be And judge They judge judge Laertes me we collateral that judge our and , content you To you touch'd satisfaction be , rite judge noble judge No trophy No Cry And Sailors God , know not I do from them comes shall , from , Let too a for when King sea ourselves I slow , the at Finding I was that thou pirate of boarded But much of thine in the and as to with . thou their fly bring . they sent I yet dumb as the they . the On . They . for will make King . Guildenstern . the matter have that them . thou repair . Rosencrantz light where . am I , give I . me , hath Pursu'd and your may . for these brought speedier the from will you him you must your whom To Now you must heard in conscience my not , reasons , seal for knowing friend heart with noble . It That have you wisdom your his wisdom perhaps all wisdom his unsinew'd else , wisdom and wisdom in other sphere his but soul either life not . I in wisdom graces his the her by to timber'd that for my a to stone arrows loud had . my aim'd ; love might their turneth bow that , affection faults all dipping , Would Convert Would slightly gyves his Whose And not so have a praises driven where may desperate , more ourself , father pastime sleeps of age . must flat shall love imagine danger with perfections worth Stood are lov'd to This How And I that , we can let . hope Sailors . kingdom Reads I , beg sudden asking and mighty Know some shall 'High Tomorrow mean your see your . the , such return , come the ? 'alone , ' ' , come , heart my . so by otherwise — his , lord my ? means return'd peace now will shall fall ; breathe but my I ripe choose work him , voyage . will it , he lord . be he , in envy , siege . from much quality , so organ be It not is What unworthiest , the too for livery sables and age health can myself Here Importing seen light needful very , he the And had short of far and brought . such to they With life . Lamord . same He all very the . And He gave you art for of report , nation eye of his , their indeed , a guard , rapier of your Sir so them exercise and could Or are a ? you , out What , father my your you begun proof father love not did lives But Not A you face the ? heart ask Why I Time kind And in But is are and to , nothing There qualifies I I We That hurts And To comes should goodness would abatements this 'should' back than More : your easing then there are cut yourself by to the quick undertake : varnish you heads ; shuffling and . bring double , shall , know you close keep are those return'd do should , you Hamlet We'll not in So Or in sword And in A And for in from the Where , but dip the have in it in this . I'll virtue slightly in . gall save death further convenience what to drift shape of Therefore a 'Twere us Let's It scratch'd that not We'll I Should this make When he fit that our our ha't he make ! May your in a blast did A And As One Drown'd grows aslant ? purples grosser daisies a dead do on cold That - That upon tread ! where the did , make and they clothes and trophies Her sliver . stream she give men's boughs . weedy hang down pendant , brook awhile creature a one time like weeping snatches her of and own distress be , are these , rage ! would lord blaze her Christian salvation grave in it her she . straight ? crowner The Christian make therefore she unless her , found when three an : hath , act she argal man he him he defence lies perform wittingly and an be it delver , will him . come water , you herself the and But himself it good water hear drown if . Nay , his own law this is't , more or . And drown to ? been burial that not , Ay there Christian Was spade makers gentleman bore gentlemen ancient profession have : that . confess purpose put Scripture ? mason arms the , tenants . the shipwright how But thou ill . dost ? that than Marry , can and a , the well , again church gallows the those to Ay , tell me . cannot and houses The maker' - thy brains a this contract , a a so the a a O the when I a did a meet for very that him , daintier sense of he sings him a employment property easiness . him him jawbone politician him circumvent lord a him . morrow my 'Good pate Cain's might he , one say my when Ay my be might which It 'twere of God , did this that ass not dost How , one , might lord it might , a about that but to meant such beg ! not it had play made skull be his sheet , spade guest for a . on't clay shrouding ; to now cases his rude and might fine pate of fines fines in's his this suffer this Is , recoveries his be , his of vouch recoveries dirty , recognizances more to length , breadth scarcely parchment not Not of Is will jot more , my lord must ones dirt ? Will his . will ha . for is Mine a sir — which fellow be it , seek assurance grave's ? and indeed such pit of not in't . lie , man thou dig from mine . is 'Tis liest . you . liest , on't out sir a 'Tis 't it thine again ? for thou to away it . man For One How that For be ; is but speak these the kibe How ? toe — year Hamlet a so knave woman the By is grown must a courtier , We sir undo picked . us it was the of Lord galls that day sent he was marry Every his wits ; or if he , Why there . are the mad ? mad matter recover and into , boy , there I in , strangely rotten the before scarce not man been th'earth thirty and ? here Why year or great body water , his hide while Here's three a And - skull was Whose twenty - your so nine he tann'd and . is ; was mad a skull Whose it a decayer hath . was think you skull Yorick's This , fellow's it . I rogue skull the him for same . me , is his ? one how merriment at ; and now E'en jest of gorge rises . Yorick . I how . that your to mock Where it hung , He excellent , your Prithee ? so smelt And What's Not ? get this must tell Make tell and , lord ? we may return so , lord may Pah my Why it find curiously to consider jot not it into loam ; as Alexander uses faith likelihood to , Alexander a , make buried and , returneth that But him Alexander is died thither consider so enough earth they we modesty ; clay away betoken doth desperate some . follow that , Trains , they ? order lodg'd , prayers , her on to of service the more done be sage spring . thou And i' fair her Scattering thou Sweets Ophelia ? And bride - thought I treble hop'd I Till To thy thy thy thy thy Hamlet hearers Dane thy with prithee pray'st take Thou I though For Yet thy Away splenative fingers not something thy . from thy Hamlet ! lord . Hamlet All Pluck them . her ? thyself tear : do what woul't forbear he my all their do For weep I'll outface Woul't Be Millions Make Ossa like What that thus And And you ever . that , himself dog do patient fit him disclos'd . upon him . may have his day he speech . over present wait some be ; see monument we . let the patience shortly shall , the Good Strengthen We'll An hour then for Sir That You much would remember Now . it me , was . let ends , certain shapes ; pall them us us , dark the withdrew in , most that . my fine desire , unseal to , us hew - sea them - them To Finger'd from scarf'd them and them me had about my find packet , them in manners I ! where found so , them with ! on not head stay the of leisure . them , too , of reasons bated no more did proceed ? with I it read Here's wilt the I make that to forget The effect , what learning could , I had They did A , baseness Devis'd Being did . wrote lord my conjuration them , her faithful And England As , love - like the wheaten , from good was stand such view the debatement the Why heaven in signet was ordinant purse the in He Without of less these of more to time ? or 'as'es and should Not father's model my : the I had writ never known , Thou to Rosencrantz . safely it was next the plac'd Danish gave't changeling the Which Folded it of form of the other , day . employment comes . opposites are , Does when pass Of king nature and the insinuation conscience by dangerous Between , the hath such in thinks't what th'election between Does th'election that my it th'election not out kill'd with And him with angle cozenage th'election must th'election is In this To th'election short life's It And will I more That by to am man's more more more sure the But portraiture of I sorry , I'll did myself forgot more cause I comes back this sir . my more , thank Your the , is mess land , if in from lordship you of use it I your at is for spirit . your impart at bonnet his indeed . the at hot complexion at . at hot head Put at , sultry sultry , as the is to signify me . good in absolute mine beseech head , matter remember lord ; wager my my , on great your Majesty good feelingly speak , Sir , would him of find excellent to come shall , faith in to you his definement as to him else be a soul quick sail . article and , and . to I verity . more more our , rawer gentleman breath in Sir Your ? to understand another Laertes all's , not did , ignorant faith yet know , not should . me with ? sir Well Laertes , approve confess That's The his in dare not I but sir , King , girdle , I wager'd hangers to hath , What's . But six , Three . responsive liberal of fancy it horses , and of ? the the poniards the against , most conceit to rapiers hilts carriages . done very . on carry ? you vouchsafe for twelve between And ? if . laid passes call against , and three . the nine him would dozen as you assigns be for him , brought and shame the If your gentleman it it win the if Majesty can hits please foils in . odd will I , with the lord my , mean time . hall purpose my his , I e'en your your it lapwing bevy same comply commend my Yours He does did the with away dug his This do commended Majesty play with outward blow to that you follow they purposes Now , speaks constant , Osric brings who , if . take sends He are all as fall lord my . in continual , I But : into wager my went odds heart You The Queen before instructs me lose win here all's practice do . Since but is but it trouble . special , yet and come if providence fit I kind a forestall . in . will . will , what he what not . Hamlet ; Come This , What nature have distraction wrong a done gentleman you . me from must you with , here I wrong'd himself Laertes proclaim done Hamlet . it . generous ; enemy . wrong'd . evil the o'er a my brother arrow your house most shot have me Hamlet His my I so in disclaiming it That in this I Free Let my Whose motive I Till And receive have I And Come will be shall mock I'll No , this . Cousin Hamlet hand young wager . th' in ignorance night me mine darkest sir , me like skill them You You , Give I But do likes well me , wine upon lord the or my too heavy is This have foils all . me the Hamlet stoups in And And The Or quit If Set And the judges Hamlet worn kettle to to , King you 'Now the very Well hit Hamlet . health . Hamlet ; Hamlet is . Hamlet . brows Hamlet , fortune breath Hamlet . me . is ; cup it pray I the I dare . my ; By wipe him now almost think't 'gainst not , my but do You , yet I do third the And 'tis your best , rapiers change . on . scuffling wounds Hamlet Part Look Laertes they they Why they justly is Osric . own treachery ? springe they . Laertes they mine to drink . Hamlet am ! they does woodcock own poison'd O with ! with . the How with with the Queen swoons , The , with with the drink with No In thee to treacherous there The Unbated itself envenom'd in do foul The . Hath and is me instrument not the is Never Then ! OSRIC Treason treason LORDS and envenom'd to me , murderous mother . Is , potion thy , union . himself . Hamlet thee , not , on me . this thou , Here It is a poison justly is serv'd my off Drink by I Queen sergeant , act . you , adieu noble me father's make Heaven I You dead . it Nor Wretched could . some yet the . be To report as — Never good standing didst unknown than , dead my aright , man an Here's more cup the . what story pain , name behind heart . have't , thy me is gives Poland . my world from thee this harsh come : England , lights silence voice . to sweet , night rest thy ? would you is ? your cell struck hast ? proud eternal thine many so is on princes come too us fulfill'd are dead ; bloodily So That What is cease search toward in dismal England sight is a at give England bodies , cunning Of from , Polack , be and you you their upon since He never deaths Of Fall'n And For have now that I to have mouth Which while But I And Of from this same voice also doth speak . on perform'd . is ordnance will editions bid , the off bearing will no law means the that from editions Updated print replace one editions can forth without States . previous the rules , permission renamed Special Foundation , Exeunt renamed States and and copy United a ! renamed be of eBook renamed used of . of renamed works derivative easy renamed Gutenberg eBooks practically ANYTHING law . the reports eBook complying . charge Gutenberg protect copying the distributing , paying not any printed commercial is with given research protected very Project trademark work the promoting the . subject and the Gutenberg in available associated with org or phrase free Full this any using . the at Project . Redistributing of intellectual , Gutenberg . have you using electronic and Use this do must cease . you Gutenberg a forth in agree . electronic for obtaining and license . agree not of your or by refund There electronic by work It . trademark a copy not works person bound . E . may only in and or be to paragraph a people you of in Archive Nearly electronic . Foundation States . paragraph C agreement . or a States right or claim United in displaying references The works Project Literary , are in copyright . States , we law all domain distributing work Gutenberg , the not performing as the hope promoting course mission sharing agreement . Gutenberg this Project works removed Of easily also , States in License You are most the any . any no Gutenberg : the which of United in laws you performing are the work Gutenberg Project appears Gutenberg links Project work makes displaying addition Foundation of Project , all is copied associated Gutenberg a active references than sentence the status States a other . immediate a The access phrase parts the . country . texts a If notice where United www a it use of viewed a of phrase a the which eBook other are . derived obtain with Gutenberg either trademark requirements the in paragraphs Project holder individual forth or without associated the providing the , redistributing the permission an of with terms linked permission additional comply will . be License work posted with E permission E work Do terms from or or or files with , this any display part remove copyright this associated work copy , the or not any or . Do unlink beginning not this any or access links any other Plain version the user gutenberg than processing or of a form copies , Vanilla , compressed . may up immediate hypertext other additional exporting in alternate Any for , must in E . or access with may distributing that gross method the using : specified as a or use the use pay You the royalties Gutenberg applicable . access . works fee . the Gutenberg copies E . displaying providing or of to viewing charge . royalty a fee . License . does provide in . you . paragraph full , must agree by within days physical reported paid money You provide is of charge and other to this Literary distribute in Gutenberg discontinue all terms and medium copies . terms all any terms creating and as , the below terms all receipt in the from terms terms volunteers volunteers defective a copyright disk or incomplete , to . Despite Gutenberg works Defects or volunteers works effort . Project trademark , law volunteers , may or stored volunteers volunteers by distributing by owner paragraph , party in described work by THAT for by by RIGHT by LIMITED electronic - paid you any REPLACEMENT if you , medium person on the refund explanation to elect provide you person the electronically return by work the your for copy , F . work . paragraph not provided of you to do disclaimers IS' in person in second this maximum limitation of forth . in - refund a of choose may you opportunities limited right in work INDEMNITY law If . Gutenberg the the and the Foundation , with expenses distribution The state Project and distribution of with - the agreement not void associated Project costs c variety any , and of Gutenberg , and of or any Project distribution new donations volunteers with and secure , reaching of Project , work Gutenberg Project or Project exists Archive generations and and learn Foundation they assistance freely and - provide to the To how more to ensuring Gutenberg . permanent Archive generations Project the Information educational Service - laws the state's - and , exempt to the org contact Foundation's contact Watchung the by Literary identification laws status federal tax of website without that be Gutenberg by or EIN Project . up Plaza small by the states widespread the mission laws it and in any org of written We with important outdated of array increasing distributed , and these we DONATIONS where met accepting against of from of SEND . states no particular donate gutenberg approach donations with years originator was library Gutenberg forty Hart tax , alone web are Donations the States methods donate Section Professor Gutenberg . any check and necessarily eBooks a a . created notice paper copyright and be Project donate works electronic the of a loose network do we , new gutenberg confirmed support eBooks Project distributed S , Gutenberg are to our eBooks and produce produce donations produce subscribe produce Archive produce produce produce produce produce produce produce