there ! the live , Stand Stand Stand . Stand Stand . Get carefully Stand twelve now You Stand Stand I sick , them , think If bid good had make ho Stand a The hear liegemen good who Give . hath the to ? good ! you night ? is there Horatio . night , twice take but 'tis let sight watch if this and to us may again speak Sit down 'twill appear it . assail awhile along , and Marcellus all from part one beating then that burns his same we night Look off us two against again Well course The Had Peace that's where westward , the . bell it Thou art It would to not ; harrows with me It In Looks it usurp'st fair warlike Denmark night stalks heaven that Question that ? of I majesty and thee thee charge ! answer . I not ! away . speak ! and will speak , look more What God it ! Without ! th'ambitious not to As was armour in on ice jump by at strange the he . avouch parle . angry had : an combated hath gross me . knows , that watch our to strange now sit this same , what With In stalk before eruption scope work not , cannon war whose the this from , brazen observant he the inform labourer Sunday can I so of to Fortinbras by goes a which Hamlet , pride ; Our emulate Norway , esteem'd , seiz'd with his our known in most and , a to moiety the Against gaged Thereto , Was Whose to so prick'd you know by compact him world a the return'd article young , some is lawless , well it But doth hath lost motive of , be the watch eye . King like it this - no this that our through it think sort post the , foresaid , I chief land , fates empire stands of ; dead streets dews the sheeted of state the mightiest trouble and the Julius and in fire and high little graves stars As Did The Was Disasters in influence to doomsday to of fierce eclipse , comes of to me thy avoid , thy country's good do Speak to to O hast in I it And it do For it wrong was And The Doth It about the and trumpet have guilty crew his a to , summons fearful a then vain as the blows , it , our it , cock This , his Whether , of Wherein bird are The , fairy so and and , hallow'd wholesome I No The nights then say that they , our Saviour's say no then no dare night all power the clad , with know duty and shall find I it him , believe . tonight conveniently . dear that , one hath discretion with ; morning it and of think fought in , and grief far sister a defeated eye , barr'd herein and have we , Fortinbras all which wisdoms , For you . supposal know and late be dream affair equal Therefore Th'imperial our funeral Our Colleagued thinking a follows ; wife to Your better Now Or With this Lost To , nephew's bed herein and subject full in that to , suppress levies dispatch are , we and further , King the : and , to Norway , the no you these Farewell all is't with What suit heartily , and CORNELIUS , told You For , that In your head hand The is Than us of speak . be shall doubt and things : nothing farewell . heart the to native offer thou thy . father mouth not the to beg , Laertes , in Denmark ? thy , in pardon my slow . in ? toward lord laboursome his do in , give at in thine son will my in ; and it Hamlet and in than in , clouds time thy hang still sun the you than . on i' spend fair And so my is How it I , eye for Seek let Passing , with thy ever for , much on dust lives that thy vailed lids off colour friend a like , know good I it it seems madam through common madam 'Tis Together , Seems Why Nor , Nor with Nor windy customary ! inky so , my suits the moods might play show , eye the in breath shows the river fruitful actions have trappings commendable these give and sweet you but , sorrow . stubbornness impious In know be unfortified most condolement his , But some will unmanly , It heart understanding the absurd dead ? To Is Why As what any reason most the death fault Take A heart most to we in still whose that to our love his bears of throne , son take note think pray We woe ' , for no you school father nobility your For . to bend comfort , and you most which we the thee not shall I thy her cousin dearest to beseech cheer , cousin desire retrograde cousin Wittenberg , eye . cousin . cousin cousin cousin , shall bruit away melt . cousin into resolve and speaking King's great No to , Why Be ourself This the But - it That two it — Or that His But Fie to excellent merely ; stale all That ; so was to Heaven on him ! woman month old were shoes thy yet had and of heaven not ! hang , reason she even of with mine more no — Frailty and — or followed . Why those poor discourse married but Hercules Than Ere the of My Would Niobe With A what think month tears beast father's But . break have God ! She Had . myself . your you forget . ever see do : well ! to glad am Horatio am I I'll Sir And The from that change to glad make My good Good lord . make disposition you . you are that enemy I truster your own no . depart father's your drink see your ere violence truant report your to it , was my lord , Did My I came to see ! methinks my Indeed Thrift , furnish , ever him once man a was saw I not think I , take was , eye Where In my ; shall I , look ? Saw , lord Upon attent love This , my King the King your while ! for till marvel God's nights Marcellus Two Armed Within their By Almost dumb Stand of , comes apparition hands The , with as each I not word like . time we watch ? father the watch good ; your made , night both kept . are where was upon , none did speak I Did not the These lord , it ; address , away ; duty troubles me true , down . our ? lord ? foot . face in than in frowningly wore yes And Most countenance much much much much While much His It much was one much much I some , loves Your still in you your mine arms : soul would ! Our father's sit the And Till Though all My ; blood favour ; you temple . more does of it grow ; alone and no this waxes but and thews In It the And Whereof he sanctity for Carve his main or honour goes his . importunity chaste list sustain treasure my your affection open . your of sister withal is particular act and place further songs desire enough moon : lesson good this heart , liquid buttons safety imminent prodigal itself If Youth Show Himself the to Do Be As watchman recks Whilst too double A stay , a grace of my thy aboard , shoulder thoughts Give in There in for stay'd wind Yet I Those Nor thou and precepts a precepts Grapple them not hatch'd to do But precepts thine - dull soul precepts quarrel man each thou Look you precepts And precepts But precepts Take Give precepts Of And they in most Neither oft ; censure thy , and be husbandry the oft loan above And the not Costly Of every of France This Thou my For borrowing all must : humbly then Farewell Most invites go to have Ophelia ; this take , and lock'd it . you keep my shall in 'Tis you Farewell . the of . remember you Hamlet of late yourself and very and me , must tell truth honour the hath . hath tenders of hath me me to affection lord behoves hath it Of my between You be of not hath many hath hath , think hath . my tenders a what ; these tenders yourself think Tender a baby , pay for of fool poor a . phrase ; you'll the . have wind more to , hath , sterling ta'en crack to yourself In may it , go . my heaven , soul do know I . heat : catch the to he lord , honourable importun'd love with fashion their light , command something , must Set You a much , is maiden a this higher , For . parley entreatments scanter , take your Believe Than , Not not , Do Lends Giving , I , believe that But not to't Look better , like implorators of unholy they brokers , investments pious terms his beguile plain or talk , slander the come ways . time , for This from Hamlet . it . eager my ; is nipping The What the I Wherein mean my takes , and upspring his then walk , Rhenish trumpet draughts swaggering bray thus rouse . lord his it It wont pledge down . I is't ? out , it at particular : phrase , men pales the o'ergrowth nature By birth vicious chances mole choose of his not origin reason attribute ; I , Being virtues Shall of some habit manners livery say by Or form Since His that infinite Fortune's they that forts these one star undergo take dram a ! defend of as , men , or be man substance corruption evil . us , shape damn'd blasts or or me royal from Bring airs spirit such a wicked in their his thee cerements quietly and What in the moon this of the hideous this , beckons go impartment ? should our of , some To with to if So is why beyond and reaches disposition fools we shake night waves Look what As And me Being a set thing immortal . again what at it my , it , lord fear fee that . do as , of the sea . beneath fathoms roar still follow . into of the base ? of to every desperation . brain Think it of . my your My as each in go not you ; fate shall ghost . me gentlemen lion's ghost this artery the Unhand Nemean ghost nerve , ghost ghost me of on ghost ghost He ghost ghost Nay me me , flames . him further , come ! lend . thy ghost poor but unfold shall am to myself almost is , To me So art father's ? What bound hear , fires shalt the my of am house nature in fast prison lightest word , part not O , list — dear thy didst If this each two harrow up To Make thy I eyes like knotted quills flesh thou Revenge most most to me Haste But duller given Wouldst 'Tis thou That rots stung And in that out not in the wharf Hamlet so ; a but wears that of wit O With , Ay seduce of O The So That made lewdness But to . within garbage the morning air , stole afternoon the hour of hebenon ears my , did pour man of vial my radiant a on itself sate , secure porches the And Holds That The Most like my smooth with did blood with thy whose of through the body into my of . at unanel'd my to , but made my , in crown I , All , Unhous'led even horrible thou the bed be , horrible in royal thee damned act incest Denmark horrible head my ! not ! contrive at lodge bosom thee in ; for disappointed sent most nor aught sting his uneffectual , to that her her this not hast luxury pursu'st shows , O earth . fire else me . once , soul thy Fare to well , Hold ! be . What old ? Remember . up O you , my ? adieu O I host of And observation All observation and villain observation And That of observation Unmix'd it observation most all book the Within observation youth and volume brain observation of alone shall by woman set my . ' word observation in be and are . be smile smiling . damned ! down villain remember . him lord Within have adieu sure sworn't . MARCELLUS , my lord . What How is't O , my you How no There's But you'll , I heart be secret man . think come the at . your without we and hath it as For Why needs , business this , knave in . the : pray my , shake fit so that man more are circumstance shall you part . go I'll and and , Horatio but there is heartily . my they I'm There's by honest too offence an your Give me may to Patrick , that now request will have MARCELLUS will lord poor . me is , know you ghost , desire one And ? seen . tonight I . there truepenny . thou under sword the my sword that cellarage indeed Swear ? ground our Swear by hither upon by your ? Swear . heard . sword Swear And Never mole Beneath . as in heaven Once , more it welcome strange . mercy come , so fast But . philosophy , soe'er an put , arms To you 'Well , by at seeing hereafter times such know' list we , perchance thus of pronouncing encumber'd That As Or we you it cursed in , is Hamlet me , you go to gentlemen set , these to Let and on this money Give I do shall and visit Of you lord will lord make to , inquiry Reynaldo , keep , him , Paris in they , knowledge mark this of his know 'twere particular know you thus As By they Take part he Ay him' as in And , 'I do . ' you mean I so wanton , take ; As are As sir may What so and please him that put not lord . liberty youth But , To my , fencing You , Ay drabbing My You must they not he , Faith That my no you meaning flash A savageness and may : but another open The Ay , believe is a fetch on i' him in in a laying these thing in 'friend this guilty you closes youth The you with or ever so and phrase or . lord — sound th' son soil'd you prenominate or addition the or , 'Good He , sir ' By the closes then , He or There There falling of brothel , or falsehood we windlasses takes with do , or such o'ertook such gaming saw he was Or then , such so wisdom indirections by son Shall wi' God b' lord my . bias of and By you Observe now How And been in all unbrac'd my stockings was the , Ophelia my , in I down - his head to of name doublet his but truly love he had a I took goes And To What the to falls to the said and held brow face my his , hard do fear it me me he Then by length wrist Long . such other his He he — And He For to o' he bended went over his his lets his . help profound . late command , of you as natures property I very . without without their their me violent will desperate undertakings heaven , under words , mad him made that it thee wreck lack be This known is ourselves go , hate the for , Rosencrantz see sort our to in younger to kept as than which being to the . Guildenstern to Something ; you . provoke you call inward thus himself be man it of th'understanding father's his So being , That And That Whether That To To whom Good gentlemen sure to show As To And , gentle our give be to more majesties Both by Put , up To freely your , into , visit and service you beseech these our presence some . amen much son and Guildenstern Thanks too I hold my , my my father lord Ay Norway , else lunacy of that , O hath us'd Give the admittance that policy this of — I I found to great feast hear . mine long sweet queen them of source , Thyself He tells me and it and our o'erhasty , that hath he them . fruit that to and to His Say , Welcome what my bring son's shall we , from ! sift other all the is good him greetings he return Voltemand It His To But so Was On falsely our Upon Most To Gives levied was his which in sickness your against he vow age in ; his , overcome against , fine Majesty , joy , soldiers employ , safety such your please this you to dominions are down business feast night think Most welcome this we'll give quiet read time consider'd your ; expostulate mad , true , flourishes day duty is and what madam brevity for But call And Therefore , with . use I mad nothing else son outward , soul . time but go mad . foolish I then comes the out say this , effect him true and , duty this me Who I the Hath an celestial given daughter cause But Mad have let have in have you phrase idol gather whilst remainder have have a Now and — ill , and have To have have Good have truth that Doubt But at that Hamlet her this Came stay thou awhile ; I be . reckon , place me time mine his daughter I , Adieu love ? his my my hath But how given above hath lady my best thee most I love dear my more All out my had perceiv'd it so a of As my she receiv'd me my my fain would I Before Or If you upon young my Or given When I might Or dear And must Fell , should is a the heart my had prince herself then , messengers repulsed to Into all wherein wail this ? raves he for know 'tis declension this into a weakness , ' ''Tis so . this If he So in Here he an hours the lobby four her arras he thereon reason his no such know But not encounter and I be you behind If assistant a Be Mark Let me be will We poor wretch you , give mercy ? lord . you Not well me my a Well you Excellent I to very , a dead dog lord a — not daughter I if you first at not me How by ; i' sun in to't blessing . Yet , lord lord ? you extremity love is He much youth . words , again was said my to is matter the Between that their gum tree ; beards mean For faces that . believe most that . I sir hams ; I slave All are you who slave potently . slave yourself plum slave matter slave slave the , weak slave satirical ; slave , sir old is my slave this you , yet go , of the grave hits lord method . and my . part . life except . there Hamlet Lord fools tedious the God Polonius save seek My old These . to You To excellent As Rosencrantz . indifferent How ! My ! lord of dost children friends we My in the lads how most Nor On cap are soles Faith Fortune , true she the in waist my . lord , of about you live lord you , near have Then that that What that But your , secret that Then Denmark is one confines th' many that that that then that Fortune are there in your to you ambition , God , space , in it be were nutshell one 'tis too prison mind of king it that For monarchs and by , shadow's the ambition not a , indeed and our ? th' not I We'll our . are Truly hold I . speak such will way like ROSENCRANTZ wait and upon with to Shall we , court GUILDENSTERN I . my . thank Were nay a but I what , are , in ? inclining too Is come lord , halfpenny , And sent is you not ? there . for craft the by , conjure our , end let by what more with dear , me obligation rights and have of our could were , hold for you love you proposer sent me all custom this of have your moult my , goes so all I then , will and but secrecy ; of late wherefore frame canopy of work to excellent , a , no this most goodly exercises , earth I to you why ; the know not , seems with a stuff Why My world faculties firmament . appears in lord you laugh did my if receive lord Man was you you they are hither plays welcome quintessence , there said me' have peace ; way Lenten . man them end shall whose coming from and Even were wont shall lady shall for't make say those laugh delight city to they such . late the ways of was are , they the the not . I ? eyases tyrannically the berattle are of are common in keeps endeavour little , rapiers they most are . so most stages goose no should are . them if their if , the they . pursue . quality they means . has like . no . for bid sin . to do against . poet better themselves they 'em ? sing players — and the while a sides both own succession ; cuffs in money the , in carry natural this in something a carry fifty there mouths , Ay carry there much away carry hands . it are to carry is are of welcome carry extent appear carry my the , Let me carry I than and like players entertainment ceremony welcome to father my , uncle - north mad north and , fairly are In what - my lord west ? clouts man old an say 'twas . tell Roscius . the come is there Guildenstern not yet to a ; they actor . lord was you , you news to When have . Rome history — the . historical only the treasure lord he , These , poem , men , he th' , Jephthah , me , Am , Nay that , God then it , where look . glad am I old abridgement , pious and As lot all beard , my ladyship me . friend ! you ? my , lord wot For know more is within Pray nearer chopine cracked like give falconers in face to . comes my , of , altitude be a my I pleased acted , mine it , and — with received of as much an make as might sallets that the in phrase as indite to excellent others modesty lines was , One If was in of speech . thereabout it was : live and method was me let was Pyrrhus with whose he : of was let Pyrrhus not this line was slaughter Dido sable was smear'd and in , did the . your begins it speaks , as now this is The With heraldry of Now fathers , with impasted and with , the seeks Roasted Priam proceed grandsire carbuncles coagulate hellish . in wrath like o'ersized . murders eyes With To And with you Old , spoken he arm his Anon short too Stoops But Pyrrhus with Priam a seem'd i' on stood , against will his rack . winds hush , Pyrrhus and see heavens reverend prisoner Seeming , blow and lo a with . declining , painted milky head , him hammers proof fall gods you . Priam Pyrrhus' power her fellies take ! All sword eterne work bleeding wheel , heaven , to a or It And is as nave down and spokes the all the to barber's jig a the for He's Say on ; come queen' A upon see — husband's malicious her limbs made of all her make have a , stood and th'alarm with in seen this A Where With bisson diadem lank sword her blanket About But sword have he has sword sword sword have are were report sword better while will sword use death see you sword made not , well bodikin 'scape man every your is , deserve should After used they whipping , you the players the , Follow less lord much Use more hear friend , would set a and insert a lord We'll ? You I my and you mock . Follow Very Good that good , him not alone ! am player own aspect visage in's dream a soul , all so his And all him his working his forms Hecuba motive and or he ? drown the cue ear would He mad cleave And I should With Could a fiction in , distraction his to wan'd to he for For and broken What's That faculties A , me my the me Tweaks Ha ! off , the I am As , To , I , treacherous lecherous ! kindless , Bloody , bitter lungs nose , take - me blows breaks . Am made it my pate across be : or bawdy villain brave , hell with murder'd is , This dear unpack a my a upon't by very most , the my a Must Why With Remorseless vengeance , like have that I ! sitting a drab , speak father have tongue his . murder I'll will If observe and , the of the course the a me I'll and my I'll . very Abuses I'll May be my him mine like I'll spirit yea . I'll this than is T'assume I'll uncle . pleasing devil I'll shape to quick I'll he I hath I'll power and thing . have with The drift no conscience the King the catch by he you all on circumstance ? himself dangerous he turbulent his days lunacy speak keeps forward a find him will cause we with crafty his on to state . him bring well . disposition our . that Of these out way the so assay Madam question , any . to about have ; entreat matter Majesties me much . content too Hamlet . here judge frankly encounter may Will And , on may , seeing as unseen , hither wish virtues do , wonted shall so him wildness your for Will Hamlet's , show of — be the to both it so Read . may — prov'd are action pious And too That Ophelia Your The Than my more O heavy . withdraw deed smart much The Aside we ! art ! it . to troubles the , my : lord question shocks end , contumely the The pangs unworthy of merit might wrong us of off so life scorns calamity bear insolence dispriz'd , love proud and of pause shuffled death his takes law's bourn , death whose after something sweat patient bare under of we of cowards that rather does others Thus Than And us , grunt bodkin the When The But No And lose fair your you lord sins ! of action Good honour my thank I How this in thy . deliver . now you , did compos'd breath never , honour'd Ha , What Rich you Are , my , beauty the a force will of honesty can sooner than . your lordship beauty time . me believe wouldst thou a be could borne not at I as to more mother honest , arrant such , my but was offences yet . At ambitious nunnery Why me give believe fellows I my lord that sweet . heavens escape marry marry . Be . play Go nowhere fool thou . needs . hath wantonness and them thou if too monsters you Farewell ; quickly restore God given you you . your , amble already all I you made are , see feature most tune blown me , vows most , sword ! of music and most reason most , most most most it that way most the quick determination and on a most tend little , in think different tribute : England for to disclose him heart thus grief , beating puts do believe , unwatch'd where him confine , him find she If best be ones must all England Your wisdom go him in . pronounced of use it you not you to not , the it dumb shows it in saw the you offends air , do trippingly had too torrent must passion , to very the me . special ; nature whose , playing the the mirror up both tutor with for at to the nature make this cannot one there , laugh , Now own as must , the allowance your that I and anything overdone the the in but the age the the players — strutted quantity the the necessary meantime the set down set , to in considered in be though the , themselves laugh altogether . on some , and , O to How fool the That's now the King this two you ROSENCRANTZ Horatio Here Nay For That and feed To No my thrift could dear And seal'd in of lick absurd choice election For that thanks Fortune's all . buffets so And co finger those are her thou , be , that Give are As In my I There One scene play , they is That do not passion's is have with when Even mine itself the . told , prithee Which thou thee tonight too much me . circumstance wear will I of . thy occulted heedful him will . eyes we Well , of censure In will pay is will the to coming are you I my our both aught steal King and place others . cousin , theft , must Queen idle Polonius the mine . eat , Ophelia Guildenstern , How I Excellent No That did . answer this was What I you me . of my my Julius a did enact capital patience . calf there ? ready players good shall , lord my my my my . my , head my my matters . my my my . do but my father man lord , my Nothing my , two have ? yet Then merry within's O But ? year he not and is ; or half suffer and not , him unto him asleep upon him , returns crown The . exits King he great die months devil wear epitaph forgot ; show her it some . She . off and , action woos seeming , the takes . his his head seeing The lament with , body is carried unwilling ? awhile the fellow players all : tell us keep counsel they'll ; meant play show , the Belike or , know tell . show not you . means I'll : it for your the woman's brief love Phoebus' Tellus' moons have salt Full or my . gone and hath 'Tis wash . lord As Neptune's About again love Since And the Unite us Make That I far journeys times Hymen sacred ere and state , distrust love so done . late our moon of former sun : fear shortly : quantity holds love you so leave , grow fears what neither made are . breast ! kill'd in treason but husband needs be me let rest the The time second A kill Aside , Wormwood kill second the . kill kill love move kill . of bed . kill kill break speak in . kill you oft be . lose purpose the doth to that ourselves passion in what to To Which But like The own violence pay ourselves Their What The , That Where , is our 'tis The , who Whether love man a loves , fortune hitherto poor down lead , mark or of fortune on friends , great love doth . of is heaven day , me , light , none husband lord when thou are in want begun enemy contrary , run our , wed first thy from food give trust nor and hope scope , pursue pursue ! pursue wife , now pursue . beguile pursue pursue pursue pursue but argument you , how never come Sleep mischance like much this ? Madam lady The , heard protests Have The Mousetrap murder done in ; we gall'd anon jade is shall one you puppets : of image that Baptista . Let wife . could . leave bellow and time , seeing collected , infected , a groaning — and you , mistake He poisons is extant Thy wholesome With Hecate's th'garden gets What him dire property name's You wife fire ? the with o'er murderer How , frighted . rises . Away lights , All must , while deer some hart runs of must ; sleep , if . away the in share O Damon dear , realm shoes thou A , I'll well talk ghost's Ah ghost's ghost's ghost's ha I ghost's Very For ghost's did ghost's ghost's some some Good some Sir vouchsafe likes some it . some , not . you some with , With ; some rather the richer more some perhaps this so not and would to purgation wildly Queen The my lord his your am are . some discourse from far him itself put affliction you sir , welcome of , pronounce . hath spirit the be I my , lord do breed If it end the shall cannot , you , mother into , you But as sir return Sir What , I . you shall wholesome , says of stonish go say such mother — amazement a she you once love me . you did us Have with still your cause do ten speak to desires , We shall obey lord so of by recorders recover Let while , that be the see of wind duty , if too that one . but succession have My O the Ay the if lord , cannot . Will love drive with withdraw To my be pray well thumb , you mouth it beseech your it not have with will finger and the , would lowest note out of the would lord utterance seem would now command . how I cannot unworthy a to would you ; my , yet cannot mystery , the you Do By My Methinks It is mass and in a camel shape with ? a and and I — Very . They — whale like Or come to and By easily very , and is . me by will the world . now churchyards When 'Tis Now business the itself hell nature firm hypocrites be none . blood . with you stands nor . will England doth may as . forthwith Therefore it safe shall his near terms of to he let never along us Out To feed , mind rest of depend cease a thousand when petty ruin with it of ten it falls draw , wheel , lesser highest , a , which , with a , but boist'rous annexment Each Arm Which , Behind as , hear I'll , wisely than should mother said myself mother's . free too ROSENCRANTZ 'Tis And To meet you lord partial you go heaven ; home warrant I'll to his convey she'll tax — liege a , will smells : begin , hand , sweet in this sharp Pray ! guilt man to the offence dear , primal be brother's my . lord rank as my curse upon't not to as strong business I shall ? this twofold of snow rain the prayer down But O , what to offence heavens , enough with neglect stand fault my mine ; pardon'd own thicker there My Can serve what's In And no law 'tis gilded be effects cannot those one , Offence's true the to and wicked the not of currents hand seen . But there justice , repent free steel , it can death not ? rests ? send assay of babe well ! Make be knees engag'd ! sinews may of the pat so . he he to is scann'd revenge ; May , blown No horrid hent of I of save as blown bread for be That . full , blown this and father my grossly blown blown , same salary of flush then blown and , stands season'd know blown , fit heavy blown blown ; To sword ; That , that swearing his and drunk asleep pleasure his ; bed in or or salvation about of ; kick damn'd be of relish soul ; his heels lay ; Look will ; and screen'd thoughts to to round me e'en here , up hear I I'll Withdraw , mother what's the , matter , Come Mother , come Now , thou have , with with answer how , question now , matter the go you my . budge . brother's are not glass murder ? help , A Draws ! dead help , ho ! not , help , now ho , How O Behind for a ! Thou What ? I O ducat Behind . rat , am ! thou done it hast . good and bloody deed Almost . a kill bloody O A If it is proof penetrable for so stuff it braz'd dar'st thou bulwark . thy , your If What have In noise done I blurs That the damned it wring me From sets as the Such hypocrite of takes off the , and blush that grace a and false As very With Is tristful Yea rhapsody this from and and That and and of Heaven's solidity words and A Ay loud was presentment like a threaten this . a , command brow act index ? seal kissing - form have ? wholesome husband call - batten This Here Blasting you not , for madness ; but sure : so ne'er ecstacy apoplex'd reserv'd that devil blood ear feed blood Have a like . blood brother fair moor it on cannot in love blood judgement this the blood And blood The To Ears not blood canst a virtue blood so If thou To And in youth melt When a her let mutine in be charge burn soul , spots . leave not eyes see O itself compulsive as , and , bed love . enseamed diadem vice empire hover shreds What your gracious ? me No You not me of important Do not time come , guards Save heavenly ! tardy of your dread to chide go ? son passion and , Do is , on almost . purpose strongest vacancy peep alarm , the wildly life like an end in thy flame he pale stones look do your , you your discourse ? eye on of gentle upon blood . do , son excrements O look to have perchance ? I ? I this ? ourselves . steals it in , he where Look at you , Why My as as . doth . to will And That makes very bodiless very the liv'd ! at now coinage goes your It me - your not Would Lay make That Whilst that will the not unseen spread ranker vice weeds virtue twain leave of Forgive . To Yea , O Hamlet hast my cleft not all fair and in Refrain kind on lend , are potency you beg . you but ; repent blessing To do punish And For next almost either can the desirous Once devil change curb when , of be bestow me , with , That I , him . their bad , your ravel to Or And on bloat by this Let , paddling the , Not , Would dear For Such But who from No mad that's craft a in but a , good let a , matter madness in am , a Who the on and made neck the sense house's the basket be of creep you down to life have said must What I of assur'd , forgot 'Tis . seal'd trust to sport to adders my and they at But Hoist And marshal the For There's Whom And Is now still in them Mother This the guts most life , was good most Who , You must Bestow , and mightier his tonight seen translate Ah His To shall deed to to . fit our of ? providence love much , so laid , what foul most was gone he feed ore done is like what away the shall , him no Gertrude sooner He with all countenance We O Among a . life body the we The sun ship . must excuse will from , And Come And his Hamlet Both Go the seek untimely done cannon , shot the his As level poison'd soul hit And let them Whose And whisper air is full My woundless O and dismay here kin dead ! with body . 'tis may the we Believe not be and — can a Take such ape soaks up for a King's best service gleaned my a speech sleeps . ear ! lord thing King . body foolish in with to . the , all The after ! body : weigh'd and even scourge judgement but , distracted the it dangerous not not , sudden pause desperate By Deliberate How now , my my before him guarded , lord Ho Without where he fat politic fat king but with , and end . a of ? of worm — two only service variable is your fat ? your as lobby . you indeed If . But the find him we month , He this which Hamlet bark With fiery thou . is ready dearly . come till you thee must done , tend quickness tender , for do Th'associates For England Ay , them , Good our purposes . England For thou , a that is So and so My That else yet my England flesh at it Delay ; leans , not . everything . Tempt him speed aboard tonight make . done at and red sense aught give looks cicatrice sword , process the As And thou present For And The , By of the death sovereign to . my joys king . my whose these ? you . Poland of sir pray powers are , them old to it go Truly to We to Or , and it it rate will ducats yield should be A Nor little frontier no some for against To This is . dies . fee defend it will Polack Yes Will be with please . Go sir cause wealth thank , of shows humbly breaks man you wi' my go you How , lord little . revenge dull and occasions straight chief sleep his Be I'll all market such , reason large gave us no more , part do , this and earth mass tender prince danger and , event and , death not eggshell . to great a in stake my kill'd stir an greatly all blood be the is , to spirit Makes what that Exposing Led by at Is Even To to at the Rightly unsure , a , time forth . with try a graves numbers like fantasy and trick continent this or bloody slain hide thoughts be ? of , straws at of and . says her , and speech speaks , use and , there much unhappily . yet sure she Dangerous would Though nothing fit hems ? it aim Her , might gestures be to sense world the carry The good 'Twere conjectures to come her as , sick full seems itself soul So It Where toy spills sandal now sandal sandal and green stone grass dead and dead is head his sandal but Ophelia . sandal sandal as sandal a sandal snow mountain ! lord — you , look here , the my not showers a not you but Which Alas bewept Larded you , what , say Saint in means , dild is I Then To rose the maid , his . more the out end I'll ! on't that Never Pretty departed and , Indeed make fie for shame , by , come she hath done I be th' ; i' been thus ? cannot choose , My my of poison they so her Follow close , this ; good good sweet pray , coach shall night . Ophelia greenly beasts judgement . fair pictures mere Poor and muddied most he ; mugger Polonius' own death and , good and the people all his in clouds , these or him thoughts but whispers , beggar'd death , this . the ? places father's arraign death superfluous piece our buzzers , stick Alack Switzers not Than young the custom were now rabble ratifiers Eats They this , you , is cheerfully on the doors trail be tongues Laertes king they , counter Danish . O door will . thou vile father , Keep . will the my me bastard unsmirched chaste father we . me Give good — cause cause — brow the cause cause . cause cause Laertes , cause Gertrude a , pit stand , the blackest reveng'd devil with profoundest point I'll be . to juggled to this to Vows grace what worlds I That Let Conscience the comes for my ? my My And will go far all with little foe and sweepstake , will loser enemies then ope , them Why life thus with kind know know your ; 'pear grief your eye . pelican arms ? speak true father's to does As And Like am good sensibly by eye . judgement shall . that ? seven mine shall paid and precious an instance thing shall him shall bier , as a it shall is't , maid heavens fine the my , rain'd nonny shall where man's ! be sister kind mortal old , shall Ophelia life wits young loves shall , possible Should wheel It could you . false more . tear dove persuade . than for there This remembrance , pansies ; and There's and ; fitted love o' would O some must here's And you he give . I Sundays for you itself made They . is will thy Thought She will And No And he no , he dead . God God his on I mercy this see you you kingdom apart ? commune you Do deny and your wisest judge our if your to give due so his nor , this Let death sword , nor ostentation heaven in call't must , rite means trophy noble That be So th'offence And I pray , of No from ; his formal go go , go say they them , go if have part from not go sir . go bless you , go greeted not do I I know should shall from , th'ambassador fellows Reads at ourselves mercy of them me . I of am where to thou turn thieves ship to the too a , I But the much haste will matter . Guildenstern have that will speedier give , from the whom you way them these you brought may seal friend heart put your Now And do't and hath appears , in my , him other The gender not , mother myself , go life it for and be , sphere , noble father lost them , arrows loud turneth faults his spring wood that go of into praises for of that But mount may my desperate back terms the all , father pastime can we That think hope lov'd we That on if sister A Stood her not challenger , worth perfections are our . I that I your it your lord , they Claudio , Hamlet Letters , say by me that you hear . the Hamlet kingly the set I , am of come naked . saw them ? thing I on your back . ' come . sickness his heart let in diest 'Thus advise shall advise That advise I advise So will , How me advise him , advise . advise peace that work he advise my fall now , it will choose uncharge , the breathe him , shall not his for And The rather My And Wherein A Yet What part riband that the , and pluck shine hearing of falls right since , Your a quality parts my him lord of cap youth becomes weeds months — horse it that and Normandy horseback on and , witchcraft was a health and seen And Had the As . been had That well of all the made And know And same , especially your masterly , eye indeed their nor scrimers be a , The guard Sir could them oppos'd had Hamlet neither you motion this his with play of to , coming sudden he That swore If out are this wish and beg of report envenom , do him to you sorrow ; it it flame will love pleurisy goodness abate a to That like very that snuff the spark the , know ask you passages fire begun within and is not see at goodness in A Dies easing tongues hath should We do And then . More throat cut his , i' words father's your indeed have this keep no To To Hamlet show hurts That this And back comes by No Revenge th' , praise you on shall murder , excellence fame remiss contriving that you . sword my . choose practice it , point my touch . gall I'll can scratch'd , may him , of mountebank I the that cataplasm anoint thing a of . have virtue so rare in , and death slightly . both . withal that think both both , this our your that both , wager back a make a not drift our better in both your bouts ! As I by both he Our purpose chance the both proof blast did make both for he both that When We'll this If A more violent drink nonce calls ; your whereon drown'd heel , stream long call . brook a she coronet fingers grows envious a boughs them grows weeds grosser daisies did grows grows , grows , the with grows nettles , incapable As grows But his hoary fantastic garlands grows and weedy , awhile When maids brook , chaunted she mermaid hang awhile an Her they bore her wide old awhile , up , awhile distress and her snatches awhile awhile Ophelia nature hast , awhile awhile lay from , is ? drown'd , gone my would blaze lord it will to follow But woman a trick it be speech will forbid will folly give . rage let's to be buried own follow burial grave . she when her therefore , that unless she is Why , her Christian straight burial own ? defence three hath act an she — delver perform : act an For and and argues the ; will , is he nill good he , the it good goodman , himself not . Argal shortens he is life not water mark But , lies ha' you have . buried been , this ? crowner's this out more more no is There pity themselves profession gentlemen than their up a Christian had : folk Scripture ? The another put confess I'll , the ? thou . he , How — answerest he dig thyself without dost me not thou or the stronger carpenter the church argal come the . how carpenter dost But . may to ill mason , the To't , again ; a . To't , tell than builds , stronger Ay me that . and cannot your this liquor doomsday asked stoup of did about love ; was it fetch when time very love did , brains Cudgel no maker' more ; beating with contract To this so e'en Yaughan youth O fellow the hand his And age As no made hath Custom of me had and if me in stealing clutch steps his hath tongue might , of Or a lord ' , which be say circumvent . could shipp'd I ground my beg - skull murder it see't and a such so - when could lord more Mine cost spade . lord , breeding we to play the had about Where tricks and lawyer skull is spade to chapless think . of , the battery , double of land vouchers about action of , vouchers conveyances his ? be ? his his the his his tenures , cases rude this be will time a in's quillets may his . his that his his to his ones himself his of than his his his his Will his made parchment Is lands not lord fellow Mine , grave's skins out seek calves and to , a do not lie therefore thou meet for liest be thine , sir be out part be not for , lie to For my lie dost quick in't therefore sir , man no What For For dost man I , the in't Who sir ; the By . us How that One knave age near it , the the to , none neither in't rest her by his that . that day . mad that , tell to't and is that is fool that Fortinbras maker galls he grave he Ay young Cannot tell Hamlet not because 'Twill not seen there came there Why the he , born was he there great be Very him in Faith e'en , strangely ; losing , he eight be or A laying lie have been i' nine the before Why not How here will scarce year he hide his , will that year if nowadays , body . for a And so tann'd with this ; your now ? three - and it , same the of fellow see Let a on is ! My how back thousand jest This pour'd skull Yorick's A not Alas at it ; my to know you songs your roar ? it , his I borne , favour , Horatio now Not flashes . abhorred lips your the - Prithee chop that He set ? paint — Pah lord find he till so , it consider 'Twere to not jot it thus to But ; loam might ; earth died thither Alexander with dust he barrel turn'd to converted . King c follow , they is Who Queen . with desperate Here Trains hand . the Mark . ceremony noble ? else youth enlarg'd ; lodg'd prayers doubtful order , been her on and is allowed been flints should great trumpet ground in been as unsanctified the was far o'ersways command Her been thrown rites home charitable been her been . be done ? done been of rest souls unpolluted and , tell I . from May To We profane No And minist'ring When the Sweets have And bride not strew'd to thou thought ten Fall of more earth while arms a mountain upon her Hold head . Bears Of of Till To o'ertop old a Pelion blue is emphasis wand'ring an wounded Hamlet well devil . my . hand , thy . dangerous throat ; something ! quiet him with fight be no longer upon this Good , I Why Make weep Woul't And Be Millions When Anon And his Singeing I'll The cat What I Strengthen put Gertrude , Good Horatio Horatio pray Horatio Horatio Horatio Horatio An Horatio This the the present monument see fighting other see me . a was me not , mutinies for in it Remember , lay I ; of sleep it that do indiscretion plots our . will sometime pall divinity them . had in , me , in making bold so cabin most how shapes Up mine Grop'd My To is from - to find scarf'd commission ; fears Larded Denmark's such not No , on ! Oh their packet knavery with ho With health Importing and goblins my in supervise the , commission the hear Is't possible me But good what write it , lord from fair the King fair flourish , fair 'tween comma their fair like a them , I , sir , fair fair now , but did fair It The Ay fair , great amities heaven . death less or to put know of time 'as'es her the garland palm still like his contents sudden , already know'st th'impression , Rosencrantz of man , Was of are of own love . of ; the when dangerous of they near 'Tis by Between of , They of Of pass and the , is stand , baser Why , hath not Popp'd such Thrown Does opposites fell their conscience nature king angle In To quit my let It is be business He that it And by The I I Your I the to I Laertes no life's good , I I my of cause myself see favours I to know for gracious ; let ; I , more fertile mess ; I a beast of . as him and , I impart say but of vice to beasts should his head . Put your hot thing bonnet to northerly is the , cold for , indeed hot lordship 'tis for , very from it receive will your use with No me is it is Methinks . bade 'tis I , believe ; it sultry , It is my my wager ; feelingly to excellent speak you , lord great , I you , remember , of most is , for see gentry , faith . gentleman and absolute , great a th'arithmetic quick dizzy perdition great , as take mirror , to , his such is his him in , I lordship else to and would rareness another ? tongue this spent . are words , all's golden Laertes , sir would ? him already Of are . faith sir . Well in I know you would not know weapon ? to imputation compare with in well meed ; weapon in I , dare as of I Rapier his . well . the . of carriages carriages poniards the hilts ? ere had . liberal the be the german girdle What King shall , sides be carriages to . is that imponed that's six against would horses it French might are hangers till then their , the dozen as : this Why sir exceed would it and time , I of with I King walk day How , this re I after what you will for's on . his tongues are there . e'en well To himself yours . the away , I and carries outward know through them out do but Majesty to My pleasure , that to with them the ; on , bubbles he the brings his . sends young trial , are who know If if take longer Laertes . down entertainment are . ill continual in . my , into But thou France . giving as will of kind woman a perhaps dislike There's trouble a such anything There's obey ; are There's 'tis , to come There's providence if . in be it There's a will you you and There's are , and There's have a must have , What honour and . your . Was't . That . Who . does the is in . most generous purpos'd o'er brother . my hurt shot I And me in and elder , and ungor'd . masters voice precedent that of love . freely wager , night in th' off me . on ; frankly ignorance . lord my the well the Very the them foils know , odds I . me we good of lord that second or third Hamlet's shall better he kings throw successive wine give answer shall the first . begin to earth , Come cannoneer , the ' . Hamlet judges on One . No me this bout first it . thy palpable Well Stay thy I'll thy , give thy thy He's , Our a win thy shall I , touch . thy play Come thy do poison'd the is dare Come not it . pardon pray you ; face . 'gainst your . Laertes pass you a wanton me . dally my him now hit think't . conscience yet for the afeard Nothing Say Laertes Hamlet Part I am with on you at then so neither scuffling wounds Hamlet ; way you in on They bleed both How Why am , sides . How ? own , Osric . poison'd dear O . Hamlet ! drink , to , villany ! drink : bleed with mine the the swoons the Ho Treachery Seek ! She O is The medicine here No In thee and not Hamlet , can , do Hamlet lie ; life hand thy hour of , I , Lo . King Thy The mother's King's . too , venom point , more no to work , incestuous potion Follow Here Drink Exchange my forgiveness a serv'd , himself . thee Hamlet not . justly of father's is temper'd justly . follow adieu justly death act justly free , that justly am I liv'st arrest — justly — it Queen I to justly at chance this am justly sergeant this cause it an Never a , tell could , O and or mutes , I this fell To the ; let in his Here's I report Horatio O thou standing harsh from draw my tell world Things If the As thee Absent cup good To warlike noise story breath in shall wounded , in Horatio - die warlike crows England from ? thy : voice England spirit gives come . news th'election dying silence . my angels does night o'er This my The has , prophesy lights and rest sweet ? cease see your search shot a proud death , would , in of feast quarry many bloodily so What And Where him affairs England come too , thanks jump wars , order and to , All can , to the my invite kingdom , audience it hear I memory vantage have same be this I cause me speak , stage . mischance , to draw this , amiss . of . soldiers which a peal a much shoot shot previous renamed the Updated Go , Exeunt law the works and without ! owns be Foundation means Creating so that Special Becomes editions bearing the bodies replace no you Gutenberg this rules , electronic trademark used trademark trademark , complying eBook for with you paying charge license is anything for by trademark except GUTENBERG for protected Project to trademark subject eBooks promoting distributing the this free Full work at file Redistributing all with of General Terms www using electronic that you , accept and electronic work . or distribution To . of Gutenberg Project . Gutenberg . trademark . of you the . Project by terms destroy of copyright . A this electronic you copies agreement If works this Gutenberg property , license not must Gutenberg fee of all all the . work may obtain forth electronic agreement of lot a the do the not works and return or to access in copy for you fee way of registered as you this terms follow the E paragraph most with with access . Gutenberg full this terms . we with . you . Gutenberg can this below do Project agreement Project of copyright the in copyright States work course the Gutenberg will to with associated works electronic name of agreement terms , Gutenberg promoting we hope as not the United the do in , States , of countries terms the are Gutenberg can of for easily work keeping the in Project . this this derivative works Foundation copying , on The based addition you work attached the the Project charge with in by with work in located United performing any . to in Gutenberg Project with a appears references in or , in work : or any links in copyright in work than , in downloading of laws the distributing in agreement before Gutenberg the States Project Gutenberg appear in work , the under If before will have eBook re . Project U it be work any . with the with copied fees work you , work E . or and or it is work permission distributed the of work or the is org with charges paragraphs indicating not notice with obtain trademark . set for holder copyright contain of . If an individual paying of If forth imposed to the copyright beginning of of this copyright holder . remove holder for . use . through must phrase . E Additional any other copy or E E . work , unlink or , detach part distribute , perform or . holder your . containing License all . Gutenberg Project the or associated electronic forth access Vanilla ASCII . distribute terms a not Do or from . work part , this full the of . in work this , if in a provide including official include must paragraph access , Do you Project not charge or paragraph charge may unless performing ASCII user provide a E of the , a upon form License other obtaining , posted version . full . You you already to Archive date the required legally agreed days prepare to fee of of Project fee for electronic profits of derive method has , paragraph which such Foundation under calculate of to access Gutenberg Literary clearly following payments should of - to by refund Archive about donations your this Gutenberg periodic and the to . Project who Gutenberg the Royalty must or to specified in . are Royalty address paid days of Project medium of , within a full Project receipt or defect of Project of in Gutenberg distribute . this Gutenberg on obtain or set , works , Contact below . Foundation charge of Literary Section in trademark the the expend must group of distribution you or . fee a the reported agreement wish work comply . If all copyright . not errors in . transcription virus computer data the by . not works , property a cannot described , be in read by your computer codes . the , Project the that disk , stored other inaccurate the , to which these F damaged incomplete may or or or damage for Project Right of the a including Project , NEGLIGENCE , you it you paid the work If sending a by you from the you you . a can discover receiving of medium to the work a you copy medium person second . If in the provided of the agreement agreement implied IS' refund or of , invalidity not or or disclaimer The maximum law agreement of and the forth of certain types , certain in this the , Foundation void of or this and , from costs alteration to cause Project b arise that do work harmless this agreement promotion , or , Gutenberg Information or legal fees all liability , volunteers any or associated expenses , distribution any the of distribution directly occur additions the or including obsolete synonymous the cause . of widest and volunteers the free of distribution donations will the Gutenberg's of created . volunteers provide aged the , In Literary , see Gutenberg the for future . Information Foundation Archive the efforts and of reaching come about and your information about Project Foundation Gutenberg at www Literary page Archive about Project Archive non about profit Foundation , about up links Watchung state's about deductible tax - Service Project can about . gutenberg about help - by extent . permitted by identification the . the to found at be can www . to are laws Literary , Email contact and laws org mission Many maintaining IRS the with tax form carry cannot upon donations public - important to all . small exempt states the the can widespread contact donations SEND keep a that of widest be by to status particularly outdated committed with machine readable equipment of complying not and paperwork . met the us accepted with accepting outside the and methods donate visit : About . to offers contributions org compliance for . no who treatment small a . originator works treatment and be works Project network could treatment that loose a treatment of produced volunteer . library of For treatment was anyone are often eBooks eBooks S . treatment copyright are Project Gutenberg treatment . compliance confirmed Project shared Gutenberg editions U Project distributed Michael Professor . General please a , keep This people Archive website , subscribe Foundation all including to our to produce information includes how how