? there Stand and yourself . unfold King the me live , Nay ? cold , haste at . bitter ? there them Stand Who . the hear The , to meet you Well I rivals of my And has , Friends O Barnardo , Say place , night good hath who Give Holla , nothing . him tonight seen says let 'tis watch I the have sight thing dreaded this will but again our this of minutes eyes Tush not us Therefore And That to With , nights tush And That What we so 'twill ears . it , Sit let yond made Where And same star of all beating then off speak the Looks Most . harrows with and spoke with art would Question be King Mark it , Horatio . wonder buried and this that which What thou it . night , thee ! believe ! look fantasy pale ? thyself the own sensible I might true . like art the was Is As thou very strange the combated he armour to Norway had ; on Polacks at this hour . not opinion state , cannon war watch week task of day ; knows . our seal'd valiant of emulate pride esteem'd world by who ; in a by known law , Fortinbras with stood the our , life which most by on our by the by inheritance the of Now of . Hamlet carriage mettle skirts a it doth And But a As to his Is father So the of this The I Well think source Of A In the mote most is the question the palmy sheeted dead , And And As Disasters with climatures together . comes , the earth and . use to , illusion it Stay again voice may . and to grace . me to good Speak any thee to , art Or treasure thou in you womb oft and spirits . the at it 'Tis here ! majestical , stand partisan my violence have , crew thing heard trumpet the fearful a cock speak to it started summons like then The god that It And his with the Doth his sea or in the the The It Wherein our Saviour's spirit planets time it mantle russet in high . hill , advice my seen yon morn dew watch impart and gracious the , I So Walks have But you , us spirit dumb to , duty it to life they , then And fairy are wholesome , so witch do have what of we our find , shall As Do Break we Let Unto Though yet Cornelius most Voltemand I memory The To Yet That With Taken Your our sister this a defeated eye joy , marriage , barr'd . gone , frame law , him bonds lands , writ meeting Fortinbras have to levies , made here , old further and and ; in full of Out You of this you greeting , and : you , duty with is't news heartily . Laertes you ? asking thy to to , lord though , in confess to your that leave again gracious duty must my have instrumental more the Dread favour leave What lord my Denmark to the mouth father . Denmark ; to I , you I father's , Upon hath Aside fair spend graces give seal'd petition will his I And do hard , Hamlet cousin my , Take But Good thine let so How it , not Do A now little know'st Seek thy for Thou Seems , 'Tis not Nor Nor windy the dejected forms nor my particular it , inky it cloak forc'd the the river indeed grief Nay denote suits they of , breath alone No with all are have I but 'Tis But and give sweet But trappings the and suits Hamlet father , some term the But is , his for stubbornness will most a mind incorrect . unfortified understanding in vulgar opposition hath that he pray who and woe whose a , fathers , no , father a unprevailing most immediate nobility , father less dearest our , throne note , take with that most mother not But heart Denmark obey not her lose us ; reply , tell , today whereof shall . would Come . God O unprofitable world this uses rank not to of winds my and hang grown ! him , nature ! unweeded to in : two not this mother to the ; that was Heaven would roughly Why increase on fed As remember on't , she tears beast that — Why those poor she mine father , discourse married Within in nor , lordship see you well ! do I to . myself servant your The Sir that , make Marcellus Wittenberg from My what good lord you glad what very to disposition do not , so . your wedding . me see think I it to my The it follow'd , Horatio had thrift met forth , Thrift I Would Did ever Where , my that ! mother's - student . upon hard . bak'd funeral foe eye eye , all eye ? eye ? saw all in . eye eye eye , pie - your , like middle , and . the In at and their and stately oppress'd to and with length them slow Appears before thus Form Goes By Almost Within , truncheon's ; the not speak secrecy they did , watch , good father . away . my me . lord watch tonight but my BARNARDO . Both . face his frowningly ? sorrow beaver . anger in wore , look'd countenance very more Pale very or very . hundred very very a . very . tell very should you itself father's I tonight . well , still . loves your the platform shall eleven 'twixt visit . not were night will rise well , fare but else tenable in your . and , farewell come men's Farewell . embark'd . benefit sleep , winds the give not , sister My convoy necessaries is let Do you are from his blood favour youth in not primy of of youth that ? youth nature minute of sweet youth the youth , suppliance youth and youth nor In The His nor Carve He For himself not The nor nor nor Than May give As nor is the fits It Whereof nor he so so And Fear so so so so If with what and list songs , and , dear . my your danger desire and disclos'd , and and . and best rebels then blastments liquid buttons imminent are safety But way . rede his own dalliance reckless do brother my , comes . leave double . you . vulgar means memory ; steel , of entertainment with of being . comrade but beware reserve purse ; but , may few can thy rich the rank chief man true , the night to leave my be season take I , tend , servants . hath Lord bounteous late , 'Tis What As it you ? lord is And be your private Have that He Do you do I are — Which Or it Unsifted believe in tenders lord my his true more poor dearly , pay a for ; with phrase . to go call countenance may all to blood take not promise vows , a Than Do Than Believe not Not I not better Have you in mere Breathing of dye vows But words The Look air shrewdly bites It I is The Indeed kettle doth as The it Soil our our The pith They From Oft Or form Carrying mole their nature oft mole The mole mole mole I Being His mole by habit , man , Nature's some of man else virtues From Look , man with man com'st speak to such from of man intents airs . Dane ; man ignorance hearsed or questionable a thee in , but sepulchre quietly ponderous his saw thee and marble jaws , why , me , tell death , thee in call I'll What ! shake of What do we should souls , fools , desire , it , it removed a No do not , Do not set Why what what . soul immortal again forth tempt if Or That And there o'er his your madness deprive might That more looks into assume place puts motive And What The very so on Go hardy My each Be not fate petty cries artery Nemean ghost of him follow , I'll — make away I'll ! waxes desperate on Go that . Denmark this of will issue the in will Heaven thou Mark go I'll , no me ? almost , come myself up sulph'rous to Alas render serious thy ghost . hear shalt when , What thy day secrets soul unfold tale harrow Would could knotted away purg'd I a for the and crimes father's in But my whose - my prison start locks thy young house word , end . not must fretful List ! God and flesh ears To of foul his Revenge Murder But Wouldst Rankly Is by serpent stir out A 'Tis given And abus'd but that ; did know forged process thy noble my thou , sting crown soul ! and ! what O a made wretch mine natural ; even was to seeming a whose court virtue whose marriage of was there the dignity with and poor ; link'd , uncle hour of Sleeping the my afternoon the in hebenon in secure always cursed of the enmity with quicksilver in it in of courses mine , posset milk it , in in : dispatch'd brother's loathsome and . a once bear . this damned act incest Denmark leave that nor and soul royal bed , most of thee in to bosom thee to fire be Remember What heart else ; old thee a thee ! Hold ? brain by woman Yes of shall heaven , my damned villain down a be it and may is it villain Meet . may My O Unmix'd Within book and pernicious Denmark . Lord Lord . be Lord , Illo ho , Lord is't news Lord Lord Good ! lord my I No my O lord , reveal Not , How say it your as For it every Why needs , hold so fit — and whirling words . right hands and shall , and hath man Yes is And , make Never Nor In I Nay and what known faith lord . truepenny , so ? this of my Swear ground shift , we'll again hands ? ubique Swear by Beneath my gentlemen , have . so good i' . but night and day pioner worthy , remove work Canst Once , is give stranger old A said ! And There strange or of are , As as dreamt before , never soe'er antic , or 'We be 'There help . might' not your to and - your to ; gentlemen your your you your is you . pray your I in to us , right it lips set to go let's Give him this You Before do you Of , to behaviour him . they finding , friends him . his this my on ? distant some do — know you mark father his ' part in ' 'And But ' in ' ' ' Faith You no A good good good You you youth good 'Good good Of According good , He closes so ever you breathe seen Mark ' the By At , the to in say was and marry , gentleman and day , as , in's — rouse of . of wisdom 'I There There , a saw Or Videlicet bait do falsehood him windlasses my You have me . I shall my lord . him Well , my let his And lord , been so of sewing doublet gyved to his each ankle other , purport knocking chamber unbrac'd the , his head down look so not To as No , My , took , Then , And with falls He goes He me by the to to other . hand such so piteous waving head thus up lets and his . King the seek without his , help on light me eyes . itself , jealousy age judgement and . might move Guildenstern . you provoke man put , inward himself entreat with both humour , court companies your in , it call , glean him remedy of not please afflicts within you . gather , shall and profit receive a supply majesties your your To Rosencrantz Guildenstern , and at . your power the We ourselves service commanded obey the full , our here lay Thanks gentle Go our gentlemen son these Pleasant and helpful to , bring . Are hold Both I it The very us'd , trail of I brain policy else Hamlet's do admittance the feast great them bring that long ; in . hath distemper . him we is source grace it Say doubt shall I and , Voltemand Welcome shall shall fair Most 'gainst Highness better preparation into age sends impotence griev'd shall shall ; shall appear'd , in , in which rebuke shall To And On Fortinbras sickness against his Makes give an Whereon old his With Gives Receives But That Was That herein to , you to give for safety are likes and you , Go to Most welcome night your upon consider'd more think us well home well feast . expostulate duty time , is time , no use . brief it to be for limbs is noble that : 'tis all , this . then cause cause of And 'tis . art . else go . is Perpend — mine she and obedience and . this her a my the , effect and , have duty soul's but : this Came from idol . hear shall you , vile an , stay awhile the the truth Doubt Doubt madam Good thou stars to never doubt I are art believe ; show'd machine me , not to , the on love I , hot me of man a so this seen she As prove had I would do Before my dear Majesty daughter me told your had my heart winking But what winking perceiv'd winking , queen winking to round with winking the upon , then his . winking winking , said , I'd fain that know ' otherwise will hid I , me ''Tis so . know if circumstances this from If hid the further ? together . time me hours . her fall'n for and Mark At And the Be But Away you the do I where We a no will him , presently How my Lord . fishmonger a me are well I'll Well You . lord . lord one thousand , goes ? to be man of this , my lord , daughter , a a in carrion you — world Honest , very honest That's the if For th' he suffered a my you , He he as not very lord ; love is daughter but blessing , far to't Friend Aside I was . again . the you the , that gum weak , I and their sir yourself tree sir For ; hams yet should go old , madness method of Will my , be which that that matter . mean - plum potently you beards ; most , Though out A not lord , the replies suddenly honourable cannot You My contrive that , Indeed ? Into o' happiness so sir Fare of old lord life my my . well These You go withal to . lord My save you , there fools . dear God . Ah . lord my the . in ? strumpet of honest is more the at grown world's news ? my you she , sends my , lord my doomsday . particular What Denmark's th' my . wards , me there so one for ; 'tis that nutshell have To . of the To a dream very dreams good To count To too and To , To for a myself bad To is , I heroes fay , monarchs the am make no what at lord you am , my own thanks , even are I it But confession in . of colour . I anything To teach me the looks the be even of you ? by the proposer you me me me me me me love , your me hold were sent custom all that of how , in congregation ; the admirable what is of action beauty , this o'erhanging ; this , entertainment way in them you man , 'Man my thoughts what Lenten the . not , on ; shall tribute peace verse , ways residence Their ? take such . they profit you those How and Even I Do same estimation indeed they ? the eyases ; on there ? of top fashion thither . wearing and question many come dare How are out Do , they that are ? when followed , they , pace ? now the sir — themselves do them ? themselves the while , nation cuffs no the themselves . holds themselves say as it themselves player . poet the There went for ; themselves question boys not , that Ay , argument there they has Do ; him ducats hundred this more than the Elsinore , with Your it out . out little Denmark give out come comply out me Let hands out , out entertainment players like out to the appear When wind is ? southerly I . they say them twice come out too and to at his for of gentlemen , north - north Happily right to tell me players of Monday child a news was to come . My , lord Upon actors The actors pastoral of , comical liberty and Seneca - tragical unlimited 'One cannot comical best , pastoral law The me call fair daughter Why Still on and , passing no , old . follows , Why , as , you , old me chopine . cracked a of not your to't like be We'll have e'en straight a . falconers ring , us a fly . Masters at , pleased was as mine received down with in of as — was play once but it remember the I , Come ? I top method , live in of as the excellent others lines that an to , me honest as might speech in indite — much the an to make , it wholesome thereabout One . it let , resemble night ominous to , gules . he now fathers and o'ersized tyrannous carbuncles grandsire Old spoken proceed And vile That of heraldry is With Now Hath total with murders Roasted . mothers the seeks . you match'd His , falls , sword sword wide , lies , drives and rage his strikes Unequal . finds him with good , where antique blow painted , was Pyrrhus' a Which prisoner this , feel base on seem'd lo matter storm rack and against nothing the some and to , region vengeance sets , than on Fortune Pyrrhus' take away her All . hill from and fellies the fiends forg'd him did rend Doth In Out On With less Mars's Now remorse out , It shall He's But she mincing gods his sword with her she steep'd , pronounc'd up all — of not them clamour with burst mortal milch passion have Unless In Would instant he And things not where The used you will your , death you are I lord bodikin , deserve me hear thou , Follow Dost , Use merit Come more ? them night lines ha't dozen or sixteen could would I which , lord not a for you ? so O Good . slave player his to a all in , her his voice That With he Had I And Make That Confound dull John Like The What's Hecuba should And - and a - dreams - of muddy whose property nothing faculties the very Upon defeat me me Plucks A the nose beard , gives blows and lungs should I As Tweaks Who Ha ! deep 'Swounds I take me the ? Who to the - pigeon liver'd it : region bawdy kindless father dear heaven my hell and murder'd a a play no proclaim'd to tongue soul of the at their that ! I cunning , the , speak spirits have . with shape devil a be know T'assume As May I I'll Play Before him my my , perhaps . circumstance of . he all and dangerous . his distracted speak no be to keeps means to state on . with When he crafty madness ? well receive Most Did But a aloof him we Of bring him like a much Most you , of I . to before true play they about players . matter court the have a Of out him Did assay , Madam it fell way , already doth further a purpose give and me to 'Tis , he , your it so on his heart ; him , the ; see , delights much edge , Hamlet . and bestow , him may father as he obey , Ophelia you love suffers or is behav'd no . your way I hope . honours , please on colour this this book you , here — Ophelia . may blame Read to . plastering , to is that withdraw : the of the be or To Whether take The Or Devoutly When perchance by The heart - opposing to No And , by heir . and the die , there's consummation a ay , what dreams mortal may respect , of the Who of , make others , country rather us does the of regard name action . the pale cast turn currents ! my Be your all my this , day of remembrances long now I longed never No you receive you gave , you And made My As with I things , lord again these wax honour'd well prove when poor my discourse no admit compos'd . fair should ? fair be you , the bawd power proof This for ; your , commerce will of . old gives beauty time translate the me ; we stock should You but shall relish wouldst I thou be not more with my ambitious them , were it them What should knaves in's shut At home nunnery . Where's , arrant . in We doors thou dost nunnery , farewell snow Or what quickly , too another . You and made make your mad , enough well , amble say , To already are they marriages more courtier's will . shall live , lisp and face and , I'll no have , The I That Like see the form . seen O feature noble , quite sovereign most most I lack'd a something brood disclose , his way that , soul little in hatch the melancholy doubt which O'er And set it the fashion Whereon From Haply matter in , think . commencement . love and it My of well it if Let I'll To You fit We It need fit fit fit Of show fit fit Madness in But and hand as that hear very to , I . noise - have are rags temperance a - I may to would not the Be Suit observance so is from her that and show tardy judicious whole theatre the of . O , that of and accent so , censure others others it the there laugh abominably indifferently humanity that the having man , praise of make journeymen And for set villainous , quantity and . let those be of spectators play be laugh to then work ready you . service your at , just cop'd withal man ho Horatio , sweet as think from hope I flatter thy tongue lick hinges should . For and flatter'd , man finger that wear of heart . heart - a my , occulted of act the of the my thy comes soul guilt speech have comes seen we him comes note foul both his comes , comes comes ; Ophelia idle , be . King : feed : I place a and capons lord ? say My . Hamlet , th'university That did nor mine nothing , I No Julius lord What , my the King . No , good lord hither , my , Come , here's lord . meant my my , my head my lord between fair I think thought Do That's What , lord my Nothing merry , your , only you cheerfully - maker Nay my ! jig two hours 'tis the months wear then horse - horse build hobby Queen and kneels his declines him head hobby - off . King with lady hope a by'r , Enter takes there's the upon show forgot ! the is , neck lovingly ; of makes and returns with her . end his body and this , loth three or is unwilling ? lord ; of ; ashamed ? they'll counsel it I'll tragedy our naught what . him what you not show you : mark play . orbed gone round , ground sheen borrow'd be moon know : must , so fear there : do to world one thou rest O love Honour'd confound husband must second but that instances thrift time second second When A Wormwood , of needs second kisses kill second . wormwood . you now oft but is forget mellow we , propose purpose ourselves to necessary Most But , like fall in passion either grief themselves most doth on ; aye left question for grieves most What That devices and wills But Our Our Nor earth If , Ophelia 'Tis , The sworn rock , me I leave it fain sleep would , break and mischance between brain , how you this , twain come never , that gall'd we have call wince jade call call see , You call This majesty shall murder The call What how Gonzago ? call . Vienna in chorus chorus you a chorus chorus chorus are keen , you chorus chorus you begin your . i' Thou Thoughts and him , extant He o'er fares my play . Away . Give Give light , Why For get shoes fortunes , turn some hart The watch the two while away , roses of , on . I O pajock . here dear Damon , dost A You take good O , I'll talk of poisoning . him comedy perdie with me music you Sir The a — sir King , retirement Ay drink With his Is in discourse him wildly I mother , in lord my , Queen Good The You to . return . and , I breed the answer mother , admiration her struck hath . diseased lord my , wit's ; command answer shall My . the rather , a her so can the thus Then desires wonderful She shall lord door Good so I And My lord distemper ? friend surely your griefs of you lack deny advancement voice Denmark is would with drive my pipe ? upon into love is unmannerly this most discourse . harmony . it will . thing of make you lowest excellent 'Sblood play this I think , indeed . a of shape you , sir , bless By Methinks I to come mother by a like whale . a to out blood day the as ; nature business could Now hell and now this be she in soul . ever mother . bosom firm unnatural but hypocrites . consent my and me Let I shall To shall let I The And We shall shall shall shall With To That The Dies What's To Fix'd Are near alone but . it but summit spokes which thousand when but a Never consequence petty ruin but boist'rous , but with but - but but bed , should a mother liege my more partial audience and , you you what Fare them some was him , upon't to , to smells I begin , intent . lord , double shall this brother's the come but be And My brother's To Can past is serve May , effects be But And To pardon'd what's Or My those fault my Of In gilded hand 'tis shuffling law seen the and we the not wicked so action ourselves of ? it black to cannot not struggling , soul engag'd ! and heart Help new - born be may All O can . when state ; sinews give In Now now And might do it pat I A villain I . father this goes . angels the , now And . my son kills reveng'd , is blown , and , course who of flush salary And . him our in But And 'Tis heavy and and Up and his He With and and and When , sword , and know drunk is gaming th'incestuous no has hell , Words will him He Look too you , be mother not mother . offended idle you father thy have answer you , Hamlet you Mother Go And You , are , the , go You , Where , sit till may not come I'll see , thou you wilt , How now ? What . rat ducat , me , I know Nay , not . Is it is his good brother my king a mother ! so it stuff for penetrable not and . heart . some , Peace is of Take intruding be of busy hands your be too of of wringing let me of If it damned If That of have I In virtue the hypocrite forehead blister of grace done there so , takes of . of and there Heaven's and - solidity sick there so loud , what there at compound sweet there as and two to , there , brow command Jove Mercury herald and himself this on seated of ? ear follows . man . eyes feed , eyes leave ! is ? Sense that , was't blind motion devil What . at without smelling feeling motion so ne'er quantity difference you motion choice ? motion ? motion motion , shame , motion . very black leave my more into and tinct live enseamed bed honeying but of not see mine turn'st there the in Over corruption sweat and making , mine of kings stole ? lets mad he's o'er would me gracious What . son visitation . Hamlet Speak Do to O of your say acting and passion ! This bodies and strongest , vacancy , discourse ? lady you , with you , the O you look peep alarm excrements is't your on in , wildly , stones glares ? do see nothing do see there that ! his even the he it how habit there in he you but you ? coinage very the ; all did Nor nothing out in temperately is It ! Ecstasy not keep healthful pulse as yours as will utter'd Is bodiless . creation of Infects not unseen . not do re And Repent spread past re re Virtue rank re re Would That Lay will Whilst re Yea make Hamlet O and itself the what avoid leave these this my , do beg times good . him to , it uncle's of it doth half bed not , nature good stamp , more the Once desirous . this and their be I me must heaven you That The death must Thus I him with ; hath of bestow I be cruel , more , by no means tempt , pair , call , King bloat , Pinch , Not the wanton paddling , your for cheek ? him , do would bat fair sense a sober not good , 'Twere am all you but paddock a in That dear , No Such Would For To Be And of life your own be have hast England , thou I They the What breath I Whom And But with his will the petard knavery sport delve one crafts shall enginer work my sweep most . mines go below and 't ; grave . most packing . knave you . while seen tonight . have your your this my your good in on place 'tis your we fit your Ah Bestow your as Which Whips his And yourself us restrain'd how , Alas It have much , fit was so deed us had we , ' love our was what and out providence But . But But disease , feed , But a , he But touch done But body the . further with you . friends to , Lord O Hamlet . calls What full is on GUILDENSTERN stowed the dead chapel it . may take thence , son , king ? Besides by the made replication and , should me a sponge countenance mine counsel what officers do King corner , the you have my you you not sponge needs the the up be not best . what shall knavish the thing not a with , fox . Hide ! the body . to us The . body the , on law it How like not lov'd we the seek is not must Who By pause desperate all are . even eyes this the To him ; grown must scourge , distracted strong multitude but bear their where the offence in 'tis sudden . sending so He's This Diseases hath ? at he where is him . A fat , maggots diet of Polonius . Where is he eats Now are all ? Not Alas but , us Your That's ? where At ? supper ? beggar is table that by ? that ? fish how may king ? hath . ourselves for king a . and of eat , eat thou dost a mean this go progress through the the not him not there him . especial stay nose . Attendants some He this deed The tend at send must bent thyself help ; and purposes . and knew'st our them and So Ay , bark and and My . Thy and . mother thou But . England ! my mother man is that see And That Follow him else England my power my , Delay so Father and mother flesh ; and with hence tonight Tempt speed done . haste aboard have . hold'st sense red awe aught , he it that . my were begun done blood thou — Hamlet in hectic the haps letters By the After to sword , conjuring process us present For Go , Captain that of aught in our with know his , my me from duty know . on my Majesty conveyance him do't Go I his shall We Good , sir of sir Norway I part They are powers The nephew Who How to the speak it a and against hath ducats , it yield it defend . Pole farm , sir Poland Norway to Truly Two already it straw thousand , thousand the question shows I humbly never Will This , to will Nor Polack in fee peace , sir without cause you gave godlike , capability unus'd . such of is a Go do inform . and market against What his no large discourse , a . me after , oblivion three , which I thinking ever cause live or say quarter'd Of feed ? A beast or craven it , strength exhort earth , or too yet . army delicate and to I and mass and such , or or part not tender mortal Rightly danger great , unsure invisible to , or find in great , the what , eggshell stir the without is death event ambition charge thing's gross , Examples the and of as this mouths at the kill'd , death trick thousand the a men to while the greatly Is Even Whose fortune for all the honour's a father to To the That And let the numbers , Whereon Which the thoughts to importunate She There's speaks th' enviously i' to collection sense half world , and doth , heart hears she beats doubt . says things ; her , in , nothing speech aim their to they ; fit nods there yet spoken 'Twere she sick my Each To It should his another true in artless to some is the Where itself is How your ? Majesty of Ophelia know . shoon pray you Nay dead Nay Pray . flowers showers not . with the love lady daughter did pretty was be . God baker's may we the owl They say what know not Tomorrow is Saint the let's have means Then an Indeed la , donn'd his clothes that chamber out more door on't . I'll Saint for shame ! blame you me long thou I patient But thus by wed brother my night , him i' . cannot choose shall night ? ground My not First and hugger Polonius' unwholesome Thick , In For good we to mugger Next own death inter secret come as in France , his infect buzzers , pictures are herself containing her or judgement beasts these but muddied . mere ear of nothing speeches to Gives me . death death this places many Gertrude superfluous my the them Let matter ? noise piece person this , is door the ? What Eats And your young in were custom be hands , Antiquity ratifiers we ! shall and and O'erbears They Caps O king the counter trail Laertes applaud it to the clouds ' , lord begin word , but call to king , cry . king vile thou leave will . my good Laertes , door the What is Gertrude looks so cause . hedge Do doth king a to peep true but not the true thus Speak true my is true father true true Gertrude . Let Tell — incens'd . his art be ? Dead by his Vows this I grace and father be negligence reveng'd , well . certainty so world them writ both enemies his loser , Good father's , Winner you If your That Of go means my desire sweepstake , To good Will And , How the thy sense brains . wits Ophelia of eye by times weight itself fine ? maid's and instance where ! nonny life man's of 'tis O sweet young . on , you thy thou Fare rain'd my thus down - his a move and bier , a well Hadst ! rosemary There's , This that's is remembrance in than more It pansies it We violets There's you for rue they , love matter . that's ; thoughts end columbines madness all . may a your , but . when . I would give Robin bonny And turns is all hell prettiness not passion , come not not bed come death he dead ? not , God not ye . not not is , never was , he his . not , is not we God commune . friends you will , will , we , us if but your shall jointly To we you Be They , And And choice deny right wisest and to call give , not soul earth , call't where I is you let shall would say of from Lord the part what know , if not world , your for for a ; is you if it letters him for . this gave we Ere these give warlike were compelled they got , sent am much : England they King as These to thou way that will He have the of I much thee . good their fellows friend seal ear , capital , But . not and you It by You for , two Queen much his myself The perhaps special , seem and are up stirr'd wisdom Why crimeful me so as Who Why Too the gyves slightly , She's For And Whose That we made on mount my . shall so You and shook . more dull not Queen the them . not ? Hamlet , hear love this brought Majesty Hamlet your Letters my him given , lord Of were kingdom shall , first asking I 'High Tomorrow this mighty , leave thereunto see you , Laertes shall sudden your pardon you beg rul'd thou diest be be I Hamlet's a As should it so , and very my warms the it in so lord to o'errule , by return'd peace means him , fall ; device practice that and I , be he , but uncharge be devise will right your a since be might for his could call mother in my it ; so . organ , and , not And have one say together Of the that unworthiest they You unworthiest As did that unworthiest you What unworthiest that unworthiest Here unworthiest very too needful settled light Yet unworthiest riband and careless for in of it weeds since my , the , his horse , very . He well . report defence , masterly brooch especially sight , of confession gem you . envenom coming If He match had oppos'd . do o'er , Now was out this of to ? with , a Or Laertes A face like you , my heart your sorrow not is begun that will goodness pleurisy as many delays and ; growing snuff in time father by proof love would 'would' spendthrift would undertake o' you the like are is : would like the or at too is goodness For his , own That , throat shall in hath And there And yourself show To Will no those a gave on , unbated little foils and the free . within praise put Frenchman set on We'll Hamlet And Most Will for sword generous shuffling in for him fine all you bring heads your that draws from moon mortal , Where Under bought Requite And I'll the but Collected can that I I I'll A this This I'll So I'll With it all but unction I'll dip knife a it , so I'll rare have the gall I'll touch my death him prepar'd but sipping end , drink I'll you drink let me , stuck , drink drink drink drink How is a Drown'd That liberal maids shepherds , flowers That to There But crow There Of Fell And Or that As incapable she like chaunted like that the Pull'd Till time - weeping brook awhile trophies and snatches her of . creature a element her poor To muddy death with it down wretch , But heavy their lay ? her from Alas Unto garments long , Adieu , douts folly that But much And our a say it are But fain , salvation burial she , rage , wilfully . follow , Christian ? in own and her is , be to she thee sat , buried that must if I . drown can How be It Nay lies to mark , man me myself is Here — drowns not But is that own law not had crowner's drown - my grave hold no gentleman they There hang is makers , even , have truth , thou . Christian in this world to the that Christian ancient ? bore ever Adam's ? Scripture The , purpose ? the arms the I'll — carpenter for or that What he gallows does do well gallows to stronger well a well is It , tell me I . now can , tell mend say not that , Marry . dull this liquor . ass , Go will , makes , meet that , business for ? next , my very ; a love , did was nothing of steps me Hath ; hand of little easiness the daintier . knave . that might - not dost one that How spade ; be and a and For O . now another a pit such his be to for spade a ? lawyer a knock him now tell a , of fine lie his of will a recoveries lands vouch , him length breadth scarcely Not of have this statutes recoveries to this calves Mine of , my not a parchment which — and made of sheep Whose O lie out a , of indeed such pit guest is to be made not yet it in't . liest . the for is it say ; the in't sir lie One was that a woman knave Horatio is sir , Who For the By been I a year th' Fortinbras that his kibe . day It . and since mad came o'ercame ? England there was , he was great Why there came ? strangely How How ; man here and rot what . years sexton he we have will year nine you last many , some . as — another will keep you . in the Rhenish jester on skull . Yorick and . gibes your Here excellent poor of grinning let Quite chop - I my Prithee . abhorred how hung to lips gambols your set that ? the an i' fashion ? th'earth , imagination , trace hole - a E'en , return till he too . thus , curiously ; jot to faith base dust what To the of may a , Alexander and ; make buried and , to not into of returneth Imperious that patch that a soft earth was is converted in King . doth they hand betoken , Trains the Who ? desperate estate mark ? been ? as order ; prayers lodg'd , on charitable . ground and strewments her should trumpet allowed great pebbles home ? of be done dead to parted service done . the rest souls . priest flesh Ophelia have have tell i' Lay from angel thee my howling be sister liest and , th'earth , flowers thou bride And to Whose to I Scattering I to to to to Now I Till Conjures wonder Hamlet wounded the Dane The hearers . him take I wiseness thy have though Yet Pluck them fear in . my from , thy wag . brothers , her ! do crocodile ? a I whine ground will grave ? what woul't ? eisel with mountains , the , tear to them let so and , burning till her . work female madness wart pate of us against . well thou , dove on : as patient that it day , may . reason the is you , dog what he have is no his will wait last the to your set have the Gertrude You do So see ? circumstance me let . should in , the , so in had fine ; about - do indiscretion Our sea to own forgetting manners , bold unseal , scarf'd , Finger'd I their packet where With No , of no where sorts exact and find fears them room where To grand where Their Oh where several command , where too , bated in be read read it proceed read , brains read , down , fair , much labour'd statists sat I with it learning yeoman's read me did a begun thus you to villanies read wrote , write to hold I read A to Or I baseness The Ay , good As He on should them like was conjuration As And many That England love the father's that was that form th'impression gave't Now what of in the model up the Danish purse . ordinant the of , love Rosencrantz and . known , know'st and Guildenstern own mighty and me this is king a what 'Tis To let — cozenage this must quit To It But sure portraiture by That the bravery his . who Peace of of the Laertes very short be man's I of of of is the and , of you welcome is a lord of beast be 'tis good my for . dirt chough of vice possession were from 'tis , 'tis hot . wind , the . complexion . indeed , for my cold very 'tis your my lord as 'twere . very is to you that matter laid — gentleman , or showing to , would full , is most Indeed see . his infusion know , in and , Sir great part you sail soul , though and him . of him trace most speaks do sir and and mirror really understand nomination . the more rawer , if ignorant you not sir did What , sir — should know to in but man I ; his in for but are , his Rapier his of six rapiers , and of the Three . French Barbary conceit done . had hangers the . could . then if are matter till assigns very very and by call more answer answer I if immediate exceed , King shall trial foils I , my shame will win be of ? no will hold in lord How . his for the e'en lordship ? nature odd so flourish your , turn to yours , there . no it Thus on else head tongues for's and , he ; through their the suck'd . suck'd He will suck'd to him Laertes play him attend suck'd out of habit and the , suck'd blow them suck'd the kind of yeasty are through you you follow . with his you to My him , that Majesty is and all time . and Queen The do . I wager went to to you me lord I , my . matter gain kind my it . lord think . I not . what defy it now foolery but If whit he and have I . But pardon't Come be pardon your Hamlet , come hand leave from a needs take , presence I What and as gentleman , Laertes ? denies If't be it . that enemy a poor of Free And far disclaiming , madness is in from arrow audience , most reconcilement of precedent my of no and and . But your name aloof stand I And ungor'd offer'd love like masters will it , freely I will come for me . th' in darkest play on . Laertes i' ; indeed . mine Hamlet the lord . you . sir by No You me , this hand . Cousin odds . a all have we have therefore I . length another . exchange . lord wine Hamlet If Set Or quit Let The in drink battlements answer trumpet to judges than have let The 'Now And And The King my , Come Come on lord . palpable ; Well . to give drink Here's I'll Stay , Hamlet him Another . Our a win I shall thy and of breath . brows . late too by . conscience . face hit Laertes with your do but . now . dally . Come way ? rapiers lord ? change again my ? own mine it is Laertes to on sides with kill'd does Queen my own drink the No , see the drink door it Hamlet It Never no can The In here villany O is ! Ho ! No , thee venom thy too to work . thee life hand an half instrument and itself on Lo The here I . damned . Follow thou a He is with me death . upon not , off , yet me this serv'd temper'd my Is , friends , Drink incestuous murderous potion me thine It Mine Heaven I Had Is strict but in But I Horatio Here's a man Horatio , a left name have't Horatio than . unsatisfied To the . Horatio , fell O — arrest be it believe Let Horatio what go , unknown Horatio didst thy heart , Roman it Horatio me me this thy felicity , cup an more antique hold thou the Give If standing O my draw from warlike noise ambassadors warlike die gives ? from crows Horatio , with cannot I a Which have solicited . do drum Why sight come the aught . or cries What This thou What is you wonder is That quarry feast bloodily many on princes thine it would see ? your proud cell shot give are come , too should we of for you this from and thanks fulfill'd . from the view England question upon order placed to yet shall mistook slaughters th' , so the He the Let on of in memory noblest to hear upshot the my . upshot upshot upshot upshot upshot . on put he soldier , most Speak field the Becomes , soldiers Go Take he Bear plots Let like Hamlet prov'd soldiers' likely four and errors was , loudly bodies here bodies bid up royally a had ; the bearing means works print no from you ! can owns be that the will Creating Updated editions law so of this Gutenberg trademark , this reports eBook with you for is and PROJECT registered eBook a not such very creation may trademark . redistribution the Project as you — subject with purpose license away eBooks is the performances for modified in work works , copyright electronic protect of License Project , any To associated Gutenberg file Redistributing part any indicate you trademark By , accept copyright agreement you you . agree other , with way all this . or the Gutenberg and , agree property understand to using electronic agree a not a be access or return by intellectual to of agree in obtain with as may works do most an There electronic agreement of below E . Archive Foundation See with Gutenberg this Gutenberg electronic forth It work by . set do you things . paragraph free future in , unprotected located electronic . electronic . Gutenberg an are or a States Project or PGLAF , owns collection and right references United Foundation the works States Gutenberg you creating to you in works displaying access prevent individual are the based by work for . Gutenberg Of the United the of this agreement . freely removed works sharing we long as Gutenberg with do state laws other or downloading work , on The status . displaying Copyright you in copying copyright all active to States this Foundation any works . work in no works , makes works works work Project links United removed Project works give use for the works E Project the have than of License references appears is anyone viewed at parts is may You . are derived contain not the texts If gutenberg included with Project it any can by . will . anywhere , and re If . located U are individual States where not States as requirements with the . an you work without providing or with either obtain or paying of . the terms individual of for United a the the linked the . E . access holder Project holder copyright by to the . E . Do . E the immediate any access part display associated files the with any , perform or the this remove Gutenberg of detach or , work , of the to unlink the of beginning this from terms License posted the this or active E word , You or displaying prominently links up marked gutenberg to . any compressed . hypertext form of ASCII the must means of additional Project no exporting the a access official or or , a must . to any access alternate Any a upon form a charge Gutenberg Project . unless you Vanilla provide , However Project Vanilla a you on a Gutenberg work used format other in a cost website Gutenberg , as copying distributing of the to of use to already agreed the days Archive Foundation of donate date Literary be prepare marked Archive Literary under . as such payments prepare returns sent Project the and tax this Gutenberg taxes The he has owed is method derive fee , to must are Royalty Project the by paid Foundation donations - Foundation to owner to clearly about Archive of , Gutenberg within provide writing full not provide use of does you paid , in distribution . If are comply You wish , as writing of in a full a days of free for . of Gutenberg a works on or distribute terms permission Foundation . Foundation Contact Literary Gutenberg Gutenberg this work you . E effort with group in volunteers . research Section . agreement the copyright these medium collection , Project forth Project forth Gutenberg do U . employees transcribe , on below expend and Gutenberg , incomplete , inaccurate Project , Except , may STRICT legal including , all costs any party this and NO REMEDIES Foundation DISCLAIMER , under YOU LIMITED of F . Replacement liability trademark damages within of REFUND return work for receiving any medium , person or you must the you provided copy entity electronically that medium you replacement a choose work to electronically may a , a a paid - can sending by you . may limited is without F . F . is of in this disclaimer of maximum the make the opportunities work you to it receive Except . for copy F . paragraph violates the If damages law of interpreted right work , this unenforceability accordance including . You or and directly : distribution modification , the in Foundation law the of applicable provisions this agreement the works associated volunteers of any Gutenberg employee to copies legal computers works Defect which harmless you . Gutenberg the walks . It of aged by the the hundreds you Project , work to middle - of . Project collection the critical of efforts , is synonymous the or additions goals freely financial to reaching . come to new free Project and with Gutenberg provide and distribution volunteers will Gutenberg's computers variety the donations , the Project donations at the page Foundation Gutenberg Service . information learn Mississippi The granted the how about corporation and Project Section and generations Foundation Archive Literary Archive is Foundation U gutenberg located laws deductible Foundation's Contributions EIN or Project full contact at . www be - information Information Literary about at page USA . Foundation's and Section Revenue state . S can NJ date The official . Gutenberg the distributed equipment including particularly machine depends of in support . Foundation freely number . to . array and much committed status is , to increasing are and have where with considerable requirements the received not , have we visit and DONATIONS States www solicitation us donations concerning are against . do unsolicited the met outside the methods . Gutenberg S www : Information . are General visit library About are Donations tax treatment offers with approach International are any Please including . are keep are are Project all Gutenberg Project freely Gutenberg often donate . with confirmed are often . years a created often not is as protected Thus copyright in printed . particular often included paper of often Literary search often which . with any Project . often do , new new our newsletter our to