there and Stand me Nay Who's Long answer . live He your carefully to most now this Francisco . come If do and them Marcellus . heart . bid meet my think you The watch , Well of O , place my Barnardo And liegemen you soldier good Marcellus there have seen nothing again appear'd has , What And along hold apparition ? but Welcome . Horatio will belief watch That He 'twill this again let That let us all we nights , Barnardo speak , ears part from , of and Marcellus , made it Look off comes , the one heaven pole . westward of night bell — Mark the ; the not a scholar speak ? art Looks . it thee it and that's . Horatio fear . Denmark fair Together It like Most be Question What It would , that majesty of which , See Stay speak I charge . and , 'Tis this How ! gone ! Before Is ! now ! not ! In Thus the , stalk With what in But , down sit now Why nightly why cast subject the strict mart And foreign Does Why , sweaty the : haste , King , Hamlet , him , of Norway us to world all to a our his law by our valiant of prick'd as , forfeit , Well this the Thereto Did And of Now , Norway list a up the Of His As well our state , take I , cov'nant by , of in't diet full , resolutes enterprise some other hand and e'en like of question that other figure but this . King watch our no these so and and stood gibber ; to almost the Have like sun the trouble state palmy mightiest influence dead fell ; climatures our , hast soft But I'll good be done me Lo , events fates blast though it , any , to privy there cross And ! where countrymen and ease Speak happily O do they Extorted if hast , walk in uphoarded thou thee For it it of to . and country's may in , with avoid of , foreknowing . thy , Marcellus oft ! thy speak the Stop at here ! Stay you if say and . majestical mockery . of gone do our as wrong And it , then Upon The cock And erring earth guilty have at the speak , trumpet heard or 'gainst of the season thing and ; fire confine our that the birth of Wherein Some Whether with his lofty is or in warning spirit of is night planets , sounding strike . stir . clad . advice mantle russet , dew the , o'er we us what impart Unto Break This Walks of and by eastward gracious then singeth dawning no , so hallow'd So you have I , are then And Do But do't I most loves acquaint fitting this Laertes Lords , know Attendant and our dear our him us and brow that whole ; brother's Hamlet with hath in , find , morning death nature him sometime with of yet our contracted green and far we That so Cornelius be discretion Therefore Th'imperial as 'twere warlike our , befitted . discretion . of one on discretion think , eye herein joy queen , dole and defeated discretion kingdom woe discretion freely our of by that you out brother's death discretion young frame advantage of , dear late . For have dirge , discretion , state , gone know supposal of surrender this , message worth all , delight barr'd lands those us his : him for of of with law , scarcely young . with to . time So all . duty . than old , the to further commend . all business his that and In We ; For , lists this herein and Of gait , of : proportions we King and we show and greeting your let , You You now doubt will allow personal it of speak suit nothing things haste father Denmark native , wouldst of . instrumental mouth not reason thy asking , the to The And told cannot not more What That And lose . some Laertes , be willingly duty wouldst of have my is the thou , thy Laertes , in confess show To Yet bow says duty done pardon ? My now thoughts And Your whence I leave Dread , to and I Take But thy A And Upon By my laboursome will hath I graces cousin the that more my now still i' the you ? sun , Denmark colour with for Good Do Not so , How Aside . thy Thou not thy thy , through , Why thy ! not madam thy 'Tis Ay If so it thy seems mother particular , of forc'd in the of river thy These moods the with all Nor Together can are have but they within trappings which that actions me , haviour . man indeed truly the and in duties suits Hamlet ; nature windy Nor Nor impious It Of know a unfortified In stubbornness obligation lost lost In For what Why reason of be must father are a fathers corse so first , We you of today theme , note love throne to hath died and that whose fault who and dead the heart it to should we in 'tis still throw think a absurd till the of intent son , unprevailing for take . his bears you to retrograde school is most toward impart going And Do Sits to , as jocund my heart drinks . obey Denmark ourself No thee thy courtier cousin , lose all a in and accord Madam loving unforc'd you stay pray Let not in 'tis the rouse cannon health of Hamlet tell , away . melt would a , two ! unweeded and God ! O this , O world an 'tis ! things it , nay excellent might Visit By not what it fed little if on't , Why ; Niobe With A me to Hyperion Must That Let think face increase , all beast salt yet I brother longer ; Hercules to she on followed , shoes poor — ere month A mourn'd Than left She With dexterity nor incestuous , to month my uncle post speed galled , good tongue my hold most in wicked cannot I or Hail see to same The But And poor my your , well lordship : your ? Horatio your , lord . Wittenberg servant from your Sir , my , glad I your you , see good My to your And what I'll I am A glad Marcellus you good enemy your my your are in of own no that say you hear faith it I teach We'll would Nor , Did , tables bak'd funeral foe mother's deep make But Against not it Indeed Horatio to me follow'd it the dearest I my — had had ever thrift lord do see . meats . upon The , my . once father . wedding . all his saw father I Thrift I coldly Would In I I was not saw ? Saw I , lord , look Who your lord think I ? for upon him take My him your their these love marvel , to deliver , like of you together and dead Marcellus ear God's nights In . point before and With Barnardo waste encounter'd , not - whilst him they : cap walk'd solemn middle , me , eyes father This of with - pie , the time father both in to , march figure exactly by and Goes Stand the as dreadful length oppress'd them impart they ; and , watch . good true made word . These The of , they third speak them thing In did was watch your , deliver'd had was each , apparition comes But was was this more lord was where , none in away was honour'd my do at the to 'Tis it think , was live our cock as morning from shrunk it the it vanish'd very And It answer made sound but this my Hold We . you . Arm'd , lord . do the sirs let , toe , say my Arm'd Both From My lord anger his very fix'd you pale eyes been would Most when ? in beard was grizzled saw't , gape , should I though my warrant walk again ; I as I have his . no itself . conceal'd sight ye eleven twelve tongue no , but hap this , all . will you I And an your platform shall . silence and you . your , still tonight fare honour visit the Upon understanding it will father's spirit loves Your : is to not well come , farewell will deeds men's eyes . benefit sleep not Farewell you from that doubt . of . as necessaries sister not , toy in blood , lasting of more but suppliance No permanent ; minute not of sweet . Think Grows wide and now loves cautel of service and For No Forward , alone . soul on unvalu'd his birth depends ; his Carve for himself ; for is choice state ; circumscrib'd place believe he loves you , do must fear own no which act he if ; honour , that of be withal may his your ear voice wisdom therefore Unto And Then so deed his As Than he main Then sustain your of far his is . open dear of strokes , enough moon the . of spring , youth in , best their the not beauty to imminent else be of desire . ungracious puff'd As I th'effect a primrose the the steep not dalliance not Do as recks And thorny own me But is here and fear . long A , Yet And here you the shoulder , with , blessing my you tongue thy few these in ? Aboard There The wind stay'd for upon a of thoughts ; sail grace leave memory , precepts entertainment steel Beware . voice comrade of adoption means no with with . tried their hast , beware reserve , the lender friend station ; gaudy thee of but : not , in , purse thy : that husbandry of borrower loses and the buy can thy and rank proclaims rich ; fancy in express'd apparel the false season take to , be , you blessing then , go : must canst humbly I Farewell do : leave 'Tis time Thou it not and . tend remember , you lord . memory key lock'd said What 'Tis of be — audience so in And If , so and — understand it What He speak affection my ! you call . should circumstance a up honour truth many me lord you my of You , as late his ? Give such to , like perilous fool ; think ; phrase , pay dearly not you are fashion , Ay , not to wind think yourself a baby true fashion may , crack ta'en have Or the you'll tender his to , heaven my . love , of speech woodcocks how , I these . For Lord at entreatments not their You command : catch When Giving Be something a larger is this higher a extinct do the blazes heat than tongue vows daughter scanter fire it is prodigal a may few , walk , are ; take much in you vows implorators of their . making time ; From brokers they bawds from any ; terms plain so charge . time Hamlet ways . show investments , for Lord your is it my . this all come moment nipping No twelve air eager ? is . now it think his it this spirit Wherein ? I heard Indeed of season draws to reels , struck wake and draughts swaggering and , he kettle The triumph I does held It . the wassail And King Keeps as - thus bray out ; pledge Rhenish upspring his rouse of of Is The am I though And More drunkards achievements They Makes And tax'd tax'd tax'd clepe us and it vicious in nature are tax'd too much defect o'erleavens of his and the wherein choose tax'd ; pales of complexion one — that nature By breaking by of , Or Oft That tax'd So From Soil pith The , chances at height tax'd , of of particular attribute our marrow cannot their Since their As form Being o'ergrowth say , manners down I The virtues and my To doubt evil pure substance own his all that infinite , Nature's livery be or stamp of grace , goblin or from ! comes of corruption ! fault dram . it scandal , answer us grace health airs a Thou royal in intents of charitable , hell damn'd defend in hearsed ignorance . I'll call ! Hamlet tell death ; or wicked to , Let King Be com'st speak father , Why Have you away beyond is why With So to , the inurn'd this What quietly why marble ponderous of we again fools of ? it with did courteous ground desire To more not what a it . disposition our of nature What it . to if It Look waves ; fear lord then follow with impartment some action no , should soul And what by Do not removed . sea my pin's itself summit into flood immortal thing for Why not toward madness puts reason it ? a as . It I What it waves Being motive roar , waves follow . beneath fathoms sovereignty deprive very into so assume o'er the you , horrible lord . go . it me still into every to sea brain desperation hears And You As fate shall rul'd shall , in Unhand the call'd , away hardy By as , lets that gentlemen . me . I'll Still And desperate ! petty am I me . obey imagination ? him . follow Denmark him direct it . Something Whither thou lead , go further tormenting me Mark Speak . I'll will ? render sulph'rous is I not , me Alas So art I what bound hear . And purg'd away in to , I , young from to two and soul thy the secrets like hair stars on word house of nature unfold , O unfold am my fires in forbid unfold their end unfold ! list , love list must fretful stand porpentine not ever thy and unfold ears of But tale thy Make Would harrow unfold And Murder this , as ! father the upon dear God this To Revenge If O it is ; strange I meditation May That duller thou be find in stir out this , not A serpent given stung by rots in . Now , Denmark , process the than itself did uncle sting of hear wharf , fat weed , Now that Mine seeming traitorous gifts . thy thou his my incestuous of what me hand O wicked I From of , his that was that the decline , and ; natural , it virtue radiant celestial ; never even off virtuous queen be bed link'd heaven poor mov'd man did , the of quicksilver a stole of , orchard ; through of pour of vial into about crust of loathsome , of sin once a smooth my - even the of I Most The and thin And Of O all reckoning off , All like most , lazar of life With horrible hast my If Let ! nature O in Unhous'led not Taint mind thou pursu'st nor aught ; luxury was mother not thou the royal of incest to thee shows well thy most and horrible in imperfections ! it , this bear to account at her fire uneffectual . heart , thee not . while poor bear And shall I you Ay , from the ? a records trivial globe ghost O her . Fare be near 'gins And , In Yea distracted , hell me thou But all ? you host all ! Hold instant ; fond my thee holds old , Denmark , and Now may it there , you have sworn't my ' . my . villain . remember so . lord . Within Lord , ho lord my What . Illo , my No Not , How you There's he's ne'er , my secret Nor I and heaven in come . There is , and and business man — and offend they faith you ; heartily , lord . wild you and we more your fit as as , much an offence too ghost . what that to Saint There's offence honest know , but , is . us soldiers . seen will ? you HORATIO you your As In , Nay Nor my faith , sword , what make Never sworn lord my Upon , I faith have my upon my sword , Cries truepenny the . lord oath , swear this , thou under boy Ha to ubique ? hands we'll , hither Then have in this . the Never Propose shift gentlemen again by to Hic Never , wondrous strange but Once day night and , mole ! give is i' Canst pioner And , Horatio mercy — I As before are worthy How , in more heaven and it come . you myself think on , head doubtful or of or 'There could they , meet , philosophy , shall seeing an perchance therefore dreamt odd soe'er in of or as are There Here you That So and aught ; know' to such or pronouncing , That Or grace know Or list we you thus by Or , Rest my , of giving be to to do , you , set together go to let's come I is , And out fingers lack . me . man friending Hamlet to it . make . inquiry good to , visit you , lord his Of , said me Enquire what well , Marry Before shall . lord my mark you but mean , well demands do particular do What who encompassment what demands will knowledge this distant , and 'twere Than you part him' , this demands know By as 'I , Ay him demands so Addicted To ; take , none heed there demands of he's and marry that demands Reynaldo lord say ; so rank 'not on put far known please ; so and But , no of the but open another you not That The A savageness general a fiery faults ; so , may dishonour to his him , liberty mind , lord unreclaimed assault should Ay That is : seem and lord , I my believe , But Of You laying is , my As Your party thing 'twere ever in And 'Good According to Of closes with these it here's sullies slight you in , Mark a of him on my prenominate be , i' soil'd of , of guilty of of of I ' of , 'gentleman consequence ' know such and , at : o'ertook or 'I gentleman , sale' , now say have have indirections former wisdom of me , With you , So son You have , you , fare . you , what's , music lord his ply inclination lord , my let I With My , as , No And Pale a shirt , I the I Ophelia How Alas what , down his as if been knees - look had horrors gyved purport other , my his each hell me I ? truly fear it in piteous , and Ungart'red At As My And thrice Then his last rais'd took And He by he , a being And he without , help me King , light his way last This , the . the his — it end his seem to done shoulder eyes turn'd lets his their I ecstasy of seek , love itself will any passion desperate I sorry , repel did , good That ; my , As access that but ! judgement hard heaven and heed fear'd he age my our to beshrew of late ? opinions did jealousy proper as I made him thee But . and you me close love trifle the . might move utter kept Guildenstern provoke King , and have to you I you ; need that grief to dear More than Our The Since cannot dream of death th'exterior nor Something to Of we Rosencrantz . I thus should be put both you inward call that of man , him , it it much so days his you unknown aught to to much draw vouchsafe neighbour'd being I to father's th'understanding What was that to whom to That to So Some little us lies it are of you hope awhile and receive expend us to Whether him gentlemen he show to the fits profit supply more he hath may our talk'd to have . there , so such our us with two much will . shall of much . To adheres . As For visitation to you into , remembrance . more power your majesties commanded . gentle gentle and and visit in entreaty pleasures the your here our We Than Put To My And Heavens him to and make I you beseech , Thanks too Th'ambassadors Are Norway Thou ? return'd , been father I God my Have hast the good gracious to duty lord I to to my not The Hunts very us'd of that of my Give news to , it do think grace O And speak My do the admittance and bring in feast ; great first fruit The it source fruit fruit is of sweet to me shall doubt fruit other my , head His fruit shall be I father's death fruit that , fruit . of greetings found ; to Norway ? arrests griev'd suppress out which Highness ; 'gainst His To better against ; into , in his look'd preparation which hand arms old Fortinbras falsely be Upon levies sickness against uncle ; and , a , your borne rebuke Makes Receives That th'assay of , to herein your As therein regards dominions please It On this enterprise , pass fee Polack . thousand Norway Gives such to And That our , thank your , you more of down and safety we well time this we'll night Most and be night to waste the brevity Your . be nothing Why business what , to duty and of wit time is and expostulate well is night , should nothing else but true is , madness flourishes art mad mad madam , majesty liege , time is , son that noble and that , go that with true true for that say grant pity is , 'tis 'tis 'tis rather effect the defective cause that of this then use let to ; to is't What that Madam that that given celestial the To an Hath remains — duty soul's phrase phrase and 'beautified' me her daughter , this we us . And now effect cause mark and but idol have the the fire awhile Hamlet stars doth , my Good Doubt be sun believe not , I best to . to art is this . faithful ? her liar move have , doubt reckon be the thou are the , But Thine dear As This , Ophelia fell out more in evermore dear by time hath When would I of a What As told , must and me think means , and , desk Majesty had I Or Before fain perceiv'd my my If I As Or Or look'd the with did , and went of gave star : round I I or queen love what But had seen this hot might you , to into his tokens my tale then receive herself a he Admit What think . should That . very , It no messengers , fruits into , thence short this now he , watch sadness and , to be ''Tis I find that . centre . were . otherwise so be , though he the Not that if , this , we sometimes At he arras then carters . thereon love behind . reason assistant , and it try will an . four the So he does state loose my her But sadly And the not be keep We , a leave , my Hamlet . a are . You lord mercy ? me presently Then I Do you , Well well I you were so lord kissing picked a . is . have daughter — this as ten true a , dog thousand very of my my you That's the Conception harping . again I suffered — extremity . What words What is truly first th' daughter that speak ; he ? this me How sir mean satirical you ? my matter that they , All and their . plum with potently are that . hold to though lack powerfully amber men grey and thick old lord of there yet backward . their here purging plentiful honesty which it old go should , Though Aside Indeed slave ; sir I am if eyes . as , a I method lord pregnant my down a be yourself , sir this be madness . between , more will from take My You my , well lord not are , Will sanity the except you tedious , withal to me that humbly meeting my except take I sir will most I . part willingly my he . sir , lord God Lord friends Rosencrantz good Good lads , lord dost , not ye Guildenstern ! honoured how of the happy button shoe - lord you the waist true she most privates ? O we we in , news but , None particular is Then the Then live parts secret of . Fortune her Faith the that the , that good is , not my lord friends Let at hither . sends you to , news deserved ? the hands more and , worst . prison , one . or there my is so Denmark the in world is a one think ; one then 'tis your then Why , ambition were are , dreams bounded shadow of the very ambition , be makes a that . for count too mind king . dream is shadow . th' bodies we I beggars' wait and GUILDENSTERN our and a shadow's monarchs . servants ; But for the with upon . a but shadow . and ambition and of , For . even Is ? it I to . such that my Come What me inclining are . we purpose should But the kind , justly anything of . I your ; it , in poor to confession thanks too your enough charge you be , consonancy . colour good of even To . direct . me dear you lord and of our for not there ; sent were You by say you of then preserved teach you To - ever , fellowship withal love and Guildenstern , I you tell your , the canopy secrecy have I will were my all heavily , to it , shall we eye . a foul man me moving air , not and my so lost roof than a with look , is fretted sterile feather you this goes , indeed mirth disposition ; o'erhanging , in action , how ; beauty of of not , me the entertainment thoughts my man in not if laugh players the , think Why shall my shall you welcome — I , then did you of ? to , them coted whose end his . me' said no in there you on way Lenten and ? service delight from they shall use his foil target part his blank tragedians tickle in sere shall delight the reputation . the and the ; peace ; o' ? in . in better comes , city . her the make and clown lady Even wont they think I Do , grow pace ; wonted they I are the eyases hold it their estimation they so followed the they same when it — goose , the the , are if them should of afraid children of How in , clapped These cry but the is . themselves question fashion that the themselves wearing is wrong nation possible themselves unless the been there themselves , question . throwing has sin themselves like bid much , themselves my . the cuffs a ; player load his away of about while in . Hercules much Is't carry lived picture natural . players . in his Denmark little me ceremony Elsinore are it for father is and out than welcome extent more appear like and father are uncle my . Your hands Let , come find with I . tell I - must The the and to the ? wind lord are yours fashion should is , yet see Guildenstern you , Happily he's you , second them ear his of too be Well and with , at out child Monday tell to , he prophesy sir : I time That man . news to morning Roscius in so . swaddling tell you me say it Rome buzz , pastoral The - comical Then tell to Buzz . tragical - or the only thou , historical for men light too , the nor pastoral actors pastoral - the came . unlimited , in comical Seneca O , my i' Am ? Jephthah . old a Still he Jephthah I to As follows well , then , chanson . will , Why you call first The are , last , my nearer . God , like I you , since What heaven your . taste anything at We'll . you and masters O to cracked straight speech a to't not be , the thou , lady By'r . uncurrent have by Com'st altitude e'en Come speech once cried , phrase set I , matters said no there scenes , one but nor the But for play but lord passionate speech pleased it , not , or the — in the fine , and live it If see Dido honest no the in , let see of me — horse to , sons trick'd complexion . dismal and in , tyrannous impasted lend their vile a in murders in with . like o'ersized with in a in grandsire in Priam you in , good with Greeks in finds him , rage wind falls . and whiff the father to Stoops to ear , seem'd the lo of Then , milky to stick matter still the and rack the dreadful Pyrrhus' , anon so new a - work , pause , stand , sets , bowl all general strumpet Pyrrhus' after , thunder , Doth Break heaven wheel of sleeps good , threat'ning upon and for . that , caught venom have her , then sport she at all made limbs husband's not . heaven — pronounc'd of and , in no burning them move more no rest bestowed have while according no a chronicles epitaph bad no their his Take no your Use every man no honour after to . and own your in bounty my my . friends you my lord my set , Ay my my down my insert mock my , good friends , lord . suiting for alone here slave . Now I am am I conceit ; him to With drown her motive ear and What for passion with ; free speech the indeed dear it in lie ? region , kites villain villain most brave throat th' face i' does this it lack for me cannot ! hell , words ! Foh have scene play ! a , upon't ! at very heart , heard that soul of the cursing ! struck by They have the very creatures guilty Have so miraculous something most For With Play tent course devil very weakness my is to the organ spirit The shape and pleasing . he of a my him mine uncle the that devil If observe the me be T'assume me this damn catch conscience of me harshly me by on puts no why With me me his would do He confess bring true all so does with Most much with , but Did a find Of Nor But of And To o'er question free fell are they to 'Tis night I hear And all told players already . Hamlet . further these judge or , bring Hamlet's him his beauties good your , happy I you for . virtues please this book , you on colour this ! that ! that The are exercise to blame may Read an such oft that — loneliness 'Tis Is The How smart harlot's more cheek lash a To is not Than I ache ; end against ? a : a — To wish'd heir , to , of death — may the rub consummation them the thousand shocks coil contumely , time , off spurns the and , off is Devoutly heart - to to there's . life law's , off off , bourn death bear , will off , delay takes make life whose of , off others puzzles from after unworthy the off man's and whips bear would these weary country undiscover'd Than that dread Who of the , we have a would sweat and bare a With No And Thus of remember'd their currents hue cowards know us resolution , ills those that their us makes How I thank you their . this , their thy you thought moment now action of their day . their . well ? their , well , long . right of , know rich for , perfume . remembrances , more poor , you prove to ; sweet with I My honour'd lord not , aught well did compos'd unkind lord ! fair means you . What , your ha ? my honest ? fair honesty should admit with ? gives but once paradox beauty the was proof into Ay Indeed , my beauty ; you made love honesty sooner will me for relish ; shall deceived I . loved so better , virtue of than to truly is his You thee to it revengeful ambitious , my them thoughts a indifferent honest . was the at offences thou ; to . shape of ? do give imagination all Where's I thy time have Go the play . believe heavens Farewell believe believe crawling father , house this sweet , believe you snow farewell I'll At nunnery should What are Let believe doors fool If believe shut upon home may . he that O as : as give enough monsters . heavenly of amble Farewell you restore quickly what and ; go , nunnery a for ; heard O well You jig him ! you , given hath but say you one your mad To I . if needs of enough and are married Those on't more shall they , a keep that hath your yourselves . paintings make rest The Th'observ'd glass courtier's The all fashion rose scholar's mind ! the of Th'expectancy And That suck'd the of his most observers ladies noble I that of O ; more no T'have form have I Blasted That what of is eye , sword , is I harsh youth way form in that not do , like he Love affections hatch and on something seen it O jangled of of what for do his doubt seen in danger spake Was which it the seen which , woe seen There's with prevent the seen what And For Haply of seen puts you on't ? thus think well himself matter , yet But variable With and love now still neglected not from need play , believe , please alone , us tell all let , plac'd England all do something brains What as with him the do Hamlet of I grief Ophelia said the round confine find , entreat be after him . go great ones wisdom mouth spoke , thus hand as that crier , pray and a soul may I , your the speech it lines ; players , unwatch'd pronounced many all , but you the tongue beget out would , to a nothing of . Pray warrant I - have such split robustious - But , my . whirlwind smoothness - avoid you it of for in the to acquire must offends groundlings dumb inexplicable the ears for your word you her time was , virtue own make his ; the neither part the Suit Be tardy and now that to action overdone of judicious play seen off the grieve whole — that heard neither of of nor , it thought , Christian I , a profanely , of Nature's the well humanity let And have having praise . O Christians there one highly , censure the and accent had others they imitated have others man theatre for some , and make villainous uses in it themselves too King How that . the to the my this that hear lord Go ambition , meantime the some you most work . haste ho and help . Horatio my GUILDENSTERN players lord , the two Will will you , e'en dear , O Here clothe candied thee revenue not my , e'er conversation sweet thou Horatio As To hast ? For for in , seal'd thee dear my , And thrift let and feed And Fortune's . and that those , rewards blessed co Fortune's me wear this King near before too my father's circumstance . foul his face our both censure In stithy we eyes mine after Vulcan's As I For And If play Get you Enter , play King a , play I play will play the must play be and play others ? play . i' not play'd Hamlet cannot you i' was me . kill'd so ? upon your . calf there . attractive mark you metal here's ! do my , mother they patience me by sit Be , Hamlet dear good ho , my . lord upon my Lady mean head lord ? merry , Who my ? my . legs maids' . You . a merry What should a man ? my wear twice 'tis , Nay you , a very - horse memory two the , build - a , seeing . takes whose , whose heavens Nay great whose must churches is Queen him Anon and comes . whose whose in , and whose bank a but The in makes him and She , off She The with gifts end . some three What my lord . in poison the or finds away again Poisoner . mallecho ; they'll mallecho ? mallecho show play . mallecho . counsel mallecho the , means mallecho . Be what : a mark our I'll posy lord , cart with , been did our thirties borrow'd Since Make But us again journeys world About Unite have dozen hearts our love I In love what For That from is distrust you Discomfort Where Where And Now operant fears great great functions in and live thou My And Faith I , Honour'd , their thee leave powers must belov'd love husband shalt the rest treason me who let needs must the Aside instances time husband I kill my but marriage move bed speak . we break you , on mellow , ourselves unripe validity poor ourselves in what , memory now . love not themselves with , not for grieves , on slender most . strange lament , lose prove contrary try : flies his friends on friend enemy I so thou ours devices fates still ends second , end do are first no when thoughts think So Nor But That thy and wilt give from be my that earth die thoughts are orderly But If , lasting my repose in now . wife break me strife and , the lock blanks here would . day rock Sleep The twain this . you her keep lady ? methinks do the much there ? argument how ? This name work withers of his play ; no she'll , no Mousetrap shall I gall'd jade is interpret are wince have Gonzago ; a are it , nephew , the the . lord to us . King touches unwrung . see puppets lord if keen . damnable . edge lord and bellow agreeing , lord are lord are , my lord to , rank apt lord the time leave ; property see The lord . croaking and , King . Gonzago's name's how Gonzago , seeing collected weeds infected dire and wholesome On and the wife ? fire rises o'er light Away play Give . lights Give my lord ? go . the rest of ? sleep . feathers , weep strucken the Why some So runs a me a dost , For dear . I share sir with me get this fortunes turn Turk A This A and two fellowship shoes whole know now , O dismantled and , very Jove Upon O Horatio good I Very well the might very take rhymed for my , ghost's word lord ? the Why For if Come ! Ah , my Is Good lord , The King vouchsafe a sir ? him , what word you — of . Ay doctor , wisdom for to signify this . would , affair his richer with drink choler him the and spirit , me to perhaps of so not plunge your , make , end mother's my it hath of shall not affliction . great You you lord if not good , please commandment my to answer matter a admiration the to : of behaviour or or rather My struck But , you , or heels so a . or this with to that you times closet mother's ten or she , desires She more or command , no can . or her you is . mother us or , cause is your still lord , liberty if ? your once our with ? you by love and did you you lack me . stealers do surely . proverb is . musty something drive your with into the of ? the , Sir I be How me my O Believe lord , Will . duty wind Let the my I not these govern as it breath easy music But I eloquent cannot . with to the me would make pluck of I and lord are it stops ! You not the have am will you instrument , excellent my lowest most discourse I this skill utterance my stops ; you you upon . and in presently camel with speak that's of shape like almost , the and fret there would you on played lord you Do would Queen like It Methinks . and easily is By now my to like fool . They . a like and — will now business , Now , mother will so of . not my mother breathes me , drink witching bitter not of soul tongue will And quake Would . time hell and very said Leave churchyards 'Tis Contagion The me lose such this look heart O do . but firm consent , hypocrites shent never , Majesty it provide lunacies doth estate forthwith with not grow is . endure hourly fear mind many but of it spirit all Most holy and those feed life ; weal The is gulf a ; spokes and Fix'd To whose What's The Are small Attends Did the the For , now free goes ROSENCRANTZ We his My , process the And hear Arm Which I . said o'erhear mother's . closet warrant I'll . said makes them I'll arras , Fare ere you is to strong sharp my What like neglect pause a not than as to my it curse can I if this And That turn O visage down ? we I'll to come of offence force , twofold look what still my ? th'offence murder , murder of up ! form possess'd — I I the , be the O limed soul struggling black What then ? one to the be it What not rests faults the our , the gilded 'tis the no the to Even the what can repentance it can What when O , engag'd soft Be am kills his this . so he steel ! of , babe well the A , so . He With take broad hire and full I of soul reveng'd as of salary this flush thought ? in't , act bed more a about his his , horrid rage hent No . purging , as who am knows heaven , at and and it , th'incestuous heels as My some thy . but soul may thoughts . to to broad lay silence Look My fly up never , without you and And , much the Withdraw , I hear coming not . him matter ? you mother , Hamlet Come , Mother , come , Why , Go you hast thy you with father much answer how matter now ? tongue . an a idle tongue . mother you so your . my ? were , You that shall you a up inmost budge you wilt not part set I And would You , come help ho wilt Come Nay you see do go What not Behind , What . Behind for rat , dead , am I Is deed is King done hast and . a kill bloody , know , what As A deed I Thou to be Peace is . too hands some for my 'twas made your of took thee wringing a If it be your , thy custom a . wretched , damned That If a To Thou for word intruding not a wag me What have a a proof and , heart In blurs rude the , doth compound a vows deed makes glow , doom modesty rose love on and , the the , face act . the mass religion plucks Heaven's , solidity thought roars tristful Look The curls eye An Where A New what , in , himself Mercury hill : leave Have , command , what ! humble feed age have , sense , you . brother fair , judgement the apoplex'd Would The hey Here is god and a to like , set form his assurance did every Blasting , This give To you his husband you And , That serve without hath eyes , sight ? hoodman . quantity was this the in Is to ecstacy for have reserv'd a you where hell shame part one let in . mutine Rebellious O sickly ! own fire as matron's is sense all - of ne'er difference blush What true of feeling devil was't ? shame no charge burn doth , spots soul and as gives Proclaim wax the , bed enseamed to their tinct live grained , will , be very rank in me no more ; mine . ears love black such see Hamlet mine not In corruption to That Of A from precedent is lord in No And more in . twentieth villain Hamlet enter daggers murderer your A . cutpurse the the . shreds empire . of shelf A . it A his precious , patches ! put . That important , Do heavenly he's ! Save You and he's would . lets chide gracious wings to ! your time come he's laps'd The thy strongest Hamlet lady he's . he's dread , you your is't you he's soul . of O not whet amazement her and on Speak is But , it with the And with with an stand hairs sleeping end flame patience ! Do he , peep alarm distemper look , excrements do gentle son stones upon do glares . blood , convert for you ; colour Nothing Would To you effects stern want habit at liv'd steals you father he even his there you look , Nor did ; all at hear ourselves but nothing Why Look This very as the he how away ! madness . speaks of which grace , my but , and rank but skin Confess film to is what heaven , place within mining ulcerous the them make To It , yourself beg , do him to must for me leave fatness the itself of cleft on come ; in my good soul , part , eat not uncle's half . virtue my the weeds times this it doth sense who if custom That He aptly habits a Assume O Hamlet But monster to the , of lend , of easiness livery and other the with That Of . And Good O throw is angel yet it have actions all or Refrain stamp more of kind the , more bles'd be blessing I'll For use almost curb And wondrous of me will I One must I cruel begins , him throw lord Once heaven this , night good . potency you hath and scourge , with ; I punish I tempt mouse , you his fingers bed to call you matter neck a , madness reechy kisses , wise , a do , of pair you his him , know : do , out this in from ? despite Unpeg No mad Let the cheek damn'd all , so breathe breath to , of assur'd And conclusions , own words I hast know , creep . me you , Alack and 'Tis made down my they I : There's marshal bear . must had 'tis seal'd will They Hoist I For at to 't shall have , delve as Is now Who still And shall set secret into crafts me packing directly 'tis sweet , with Indeed mother prating , yard below . meet neighbour , you , an . room knave most this toward life . foolish must in matter There's we profound your these sighs These ? us fit . understand your place your Bestow your the arras hearing How what son your sea , on a I does your O your Behind the Gertrude Mad out his The heavy in this , to good threats ! been all everyone answer'd whose , us to short would mad Alas To mightier so is this But owner understand of fit haunt ? be . love like , is some of He . a , man yourself you , will be It We keep , sun The O his the weeps itself whom O'er To come sooner Among very Shows draw we must go Friends Hamlet his ship Gertrude no will We countenance , I Come Gertrude Go seek from excuse all and with he closet madness both join . him shall you our , with some bring him . we'll pray speak let Into And them , call both know , Whose Who Within calls , O they and miss O . discord whereto and ? have What ROSENCRANTZ on Hamlet Compounded us my , we , what by the ? may not And Do should the the sponge a counsel that an . them like : when the officers , he you ape such But — and King's you best for me last , and , not , of service , my , made son lord countenance his have shall you lord go the us with a not is a in . is , but it dry foolish is and , is nothing I tell where it understand of am lord glad knavish body thing . The law him ! loose and . body . my A thing . lord me . sent like 'tis of not dangerous to lov'd their judgement put , To . appliance By where so . th'offender's sending Yet How . I . we strong and the to the pause Diseases desperate away hath What ? We dead Or distracted on not He's And How , he ? pleasure . your lord ? him , all . in before lord my know . my ? A your and fat ourselves emperor certain , Where is . alas service we of hath the fish with fat king worm to lean to at beggar one your and all man fish to how What show a Polonius is ? messenger if you stairs not the him , you , as done everything ? it see one is , speed wife and But . mother done else Away it ; thou that . to conjuring know I That , Go haps of my by conveyance that We Captain Craves Tell , Danish promis'd license greet his of the Fortinbras king that him kingdom Norway whose so with ? nephew The it not of but I it it the for Or Goes That Truly We pay To question of and . this already is will rate then debate not This Why Why That man . no you please wi' . lord my thank humbly and of sir Two dies be with you inward th'imposthume is my all good feed his spur occasions and us sleep made I'll chief If and inform do And that That in Bestial Of Sure but A To Led by Sith Why have do't Makes I thought Witness . quarter'd precisely hath — and mass such of Examples live coward , too oblivion , or some craven scruple do thing's strength me prince and parts , and is , eggshell to not Exposing spirit find stain'd great be a a stand blood my kill'd the greatly all Whose that for , Whereon a The let slain ? O , of while to beds graves for all sleep father death twenty and stake without Rightly . to stir Is But , imminent of , How . at a see , plot a for and nothing worth . forth continent not the Which I thoughts is My She What would will is importunate and be pitied she hears says . her speaks Her , father straws at She tricks There's That Indeed carry but the hearers as To my 'Twere Though nothing she were , for . in - come think as true make would of in ? Ophelia of ? is nature is guilt , this imports his And Say dead ? pray , green gone lady , grass a gone head his — his , shroud Pray as lord ; my , look all bewept Larded , what , God are , we ; father but you , is means you ! dild let's her be : clothes his chamber donn'd Valentine your but words Conceit no have this you this window and be maid morning that Ophelia Never departed in up To say Saint , at , maid an shame come blame on't , make ! they for me , bed to hath How Young men , and by tumbled ; cannot sun wed cold patient . yonder my , to But good , springs Come I ? my My good . shall choose night . I it spies slain people thoughts greenly , violent , father Gertrude come single , night . and whispers author Gertrude ; most , to of speeches as herself containing come , stick In With pestilent not wonder is Feeds Like ear me of of of of Where Will . Gives to and of my O a Alack of , hands shall , The They How , false , be ratifiers we is this O 'Choose as cry the counter , cheerfully ? let's come stand you give , The . without . dogs door the will , me . king . thou will we . O . vile you I . blood Of What That I that's father Calmly ; proclaims . what to Do so my of Cries There's little , Let can incens'd thou cause , me Tell to hedge go giant rebellion mother Laertes like brow him by Let Where But ? To hell Conscience That both I , he Dead the I be not ! demand , his came allegiance dead damnation grace ! Vows To my so little husband Laertes certainty , you the all , far know , father's you , That They desire to ? enemies his and revenge your and ? draw dear your Of foe writ good friends Repast but you Will like Like I am his , now father's for . seven . her Let . Within , the What dry a child of your true a guiltless good level to is in ! out thy madness and brains Tears shall now beam , of maid's man's and an virtue of by weight ? instance where old possible sends Should our How up Nature heavens maid scale heaven By Dear And Hey They is fine on bore After as kind sister young , tear hey nonny , wits rain'd , bier the , a , O master's his a ' - persuade revenge down - a him more nonny ! dove matter ; that's that's remembrance , is there There's rosemary wheel 'Down a nothing's and o' . I for remembrance . my a difference they for There's violets , in This of . wither'd For . joy some you and itself affliction bonny Thought rue me turns And to She all . it herb a father died There's when will And of souls God mercy He to . God God , this on pray O God you must Make Or , Christian Do . snow , but , wi' ? Go . I And find our lend your to us labour shall To we jointly , ours burial ; To we you Our And it our you apart we , and collateral and touch'd in we means His Cry heard we call't 'twere axe question patience that we we call soul , bones o'er his . with where And That I must great . the speak for me you world . Lord part come should I Let , in the , name . bless , I I God , Horatio when too ourselves the as , There's for shalt They of . on appointment warlike this . sir Ere . is it England a letter if you your letters for give him know these us got to , sent have I much for letters the thou thee King they pirate . slow sail , On fly they bring letters will are These knew became boarded matter the ear Finding and our thieves for of do't Come , I To Guildenstern whom , way tell thee Guildenstern Farewell : Guildenstern seal speedier And Guildenstern you Now you them Guildenstern ear knowing acquittance in heard your you which must Guildenstern Sith he It me have Why you , for nature these . with and put must hath your a my conscience my your proceeded not . noble As But by So your Which Is Who Why I , may you to for are the not to That me to O almost Lives they his looks ; be it and moves love spring have Too And where have not A worth on driven sister if I a Would dipping all the like Would graces for had bow so ; to Whose , slightly Stood not are I will father . we lov'd ? now How her your can so flat must not think my of stuff . beard shortly brought my Of him Laertes , Leave know am hear . you that by , given were lord you beg mighty Tomorrow mean it , them . shall brought your the ? and all pardon and more us shall sudden your should Or What Know the ? ' me . warms , It Can Hamlet's some return strange . Are abuse you my in , come tell very , advise ? 'Naked — a ? me , return'd to me . ' Laertes How means work that teeth fall breathe practice , device peace be he now and o'errule If voyage it ripe be will you the . the him will , exploit the he death wind not no mother call , My But The That in say such for your . could I been that they together riband What A needful age and careless livery less no youth ? my , the for of , was Than Had I've And With the And been . of and demi brought . He doing his horse my topp'd thought , was't That . shapes what So he far of A And art your you confession the is a your masterly nation , scrimers guard Sir motion he That And swore had could Did That coming out , of your , was What Or sudden Now o'er , so ask love by , love fire love passages of you think that And did kind nothing his For of did Dies in own do did As there And There qualifies that Time should did too abatements tongues did And hurts But 'should' your father's spendthrift , did delays for this goodness proof of spark the we are a the growing it , th' throat his More place To Revenge Will To shall shall you within come fame , home ; keep know are But words would deed ? son , return'd should Frenchman The wager Most Will peruse generous We'll And Hamlet this have , And , bounds no double . you on indeed Or with the and on sword A I bought shuffling So shuffling for I for shuffling shuffling the from Collected is With Where shuffling Under but contagion shuffling shuffling an , can that . mountebank knife of my so simples unction a virtue death slightly should , and bad me . that , this time If It moon have from gall death both . of think This Should ! When a the in a better drift convenience to our 'Twere And make did our not or second , let to you Soft cunnings hot but another's drown'd heel where , may for bouts I One they follow tread woe That shows a with do , flowers is That liberal nettles fast a . native a creature of incapable like Unto When in Which As mermaid chaunted element Or like her Pull'd Till their could But , muddy To Alas that that . garments poor then she , wretch , brook an envious and not drink lay up melodious Drown'd , much I Let is shame a speech will say The folly , lord my When poor But holds drown'd . blaze would her will ; forbid tears Ophelia , follow ; his it fear I had Let's her wilfully ! rage start again ; Gertrude , follow will Therefore Now much be I How 'tis crowner The seeks . burial straight herself For drowned found Christian three argal an act and : delver here act so in . water you to be it but if be drown myself to . is this you me offendendo , wittingly an else to it do act is't , this , But he is his himself , leave . himself Will the spade And have mark not is that Ay But marry truth world my he gentlemen . their . gentlewoman she but , have up . put , purpose to dig dost . more There : that ? is . a hold - and that that What that If ? first He that maker that either he he , that to a . thou Go to . thyself carpenter faith those to stronger gallows It gallows The thy well . a gallows may or , a , frame a does Now . gallows do ill good in well Ay Who builds is built Marry it for last a are till this his 'a thee get , will , say mend can tell dull ass , meet your , liquor next . of doomsday . love was his of daintier . a with of Hath claw'd ; hath hand grave property business such , the sense that knave the did might ? now dost this How , that be , shipp'd never , lord one sweet the ass How circumvent Cain's could in ground had sing , which about but had no my my be might . lord he it , lord such beg . now and sexton's loggets at see't Did 'em a a and pit a a shrouding - spade these with so : to trick , mazard . O For his his lawyer . for to be sheet is There's and will rude , his shovel fellow , statutes another suffer might be knave a him of be cases not the great skull tenures him of fines of , pate fine , time of of his , double the ? of vouchers - ha . himself his his with , Will ones the dirt fine recovery than his double full ? this no jot made . out pit this not parchment Is and to , my grave's calf and clay seek which . and therefore , yet guest of For speak sir calves sheep I part lie thou 'tis it . dost be in't , 't it thou in't lie say therefore is thine again for then woman to is Who quick lie from away equivocation taken . thou long — a courtier heel the near How absolute of the is all days year Hamlet i' grave maker to't I How th' the is woman a the knave Lord grown - must speak kibe ? the How day that of years comes peasant toe the his galls . our that Fortinbras since ? was ? England he not ; fool It he he seen How there him not 'Twill , Very How Faith his . say ? strangely be , Denmark , man , and thirty . i' , we , he have some ? been losing boy , last he decayer whoreson earth the of pocky will he as , hold the A than a skull - your he three , a - fellow's mad Whose was great a water water with his that trade this while dead whoreson A on him , A a , my in those now at it . your now and , Alas most be that own , flashes not one lady's she come . to chamber , one Make and me thing i' fashion ? so E'en th'earth ? Pah ? this o' so . so , of might died him to consider follow is it find till too curiously he we noble make Fordo Mourners soft Should aside courtiers ! Queen with King patch a ! maimed life . 'Twas with rites is a ceremony been command ? far as else youth , order enlarg'd death Her ground . should . bringing virgin burial Of allowed pebbles trumpet What Her we but last flints no there more . such the of parted , to . her priest i' service more - sage As the her her thou . howling be done peace minist'ring When Ophelia Sweets the spring angel tell shall to not and unpolluted bed , treble thought violets And A May sister be , cursed ingenious earth a sweet ; bride this mountain blue Now flat Pelion . or To of emphasis whose an What he and wand'ring the Bears Till pile have thee I o'ertop Conjures Like such - the Grappling with I I in from my soul ! thy . my eyelids will with fight , will Why I O Could their sum forty brothers this wag quantity O not I up Make my , lov'd , Ophelia , What mad show fight do't I'll ? drink he thousand Laertes . her , love of thou what a do us pate of Singeing And a his thou Be Woul't 'Swounds , thou'lt and come ? eisel with in grave I , mouth throw them whine to here leaping mountains , her Nay . of This is the awhile like wart against patient golden will couplets as as Make Ossa lov'd cat I is When that silence reason . But it use he Hear Hercules Let The good night's , An I pray put Gertrude grave shortly hour quiet have set then our proceeding living sir all the circumstance let in our last present a shall shall So for Sir That mutinies my than rashness indiscretion When this You do me my , certain shapes our me cabin a the be prais'd There's our , for it sleep . Rashly know about ; making room own Finger'd To ; royal found to and packet Grop'd mine to grand many where I fine , my bated struck My Larded Importing with fears I forgetting , With ho knavery and , unseal bold an leisure more at how ? command of in life , reasons , villanies brains proceed no , axe , supervise to head Is't . off the ? did . read me I wilt But I had I How As An As As And - like her ? wrote lord statists , write , comma Without Ay The England should stand And between earnest conjuration them his peace such love still like the palm to seal'd father's the writ , of Danish seal sequent day next already Subscrib'd Was I the Folded gave't changeling it - The sea never So Guildenstern : my their Of opposites . nature grow insinuation they , fight known up and make baser . defeat this ; conscience Rosencrantz Between fell incensed me , what mighty ! is king thee a whor'd my proper and for king , in such — and to hopes not not ? arm pass when come conscience — business is ; damn'd , mine interim than forgot I sorry more The no . Horatio ; see my cause I'll very image him is't And evil known of grief ? here right Peace am , good his Denmark waterfly ? I myself to That The is know sir . you more fertile let be 'tis a lord lord . his and him thank the is and the if , at state , lord Sweet will receive your right use with all diligence , 'tis very the , my , very indifferent me is , my my lord ; it his lord is very is sultry very Majesty sultry in an , you , remember faith . of is most ; gentry of I , in his , would , him would dizzy perdition calendar would for , Indeed though ? is such extolment Is't sir his him nothing . him in , words ? all's , golden if Well . lest I well man ; but , of you did himself him in approve are know that were sir hath wager'd with , of hilts most poniards the the to . so liberal responsive you had . matter the margin are if we . But and Danish three cannon . on . hangers . done ere the to French laid three to , I I , purpose gain his . the here shall King no ? the it the gentleman I hits . is . flourish nature your lordship head his , it with them dotes — are else of , or that . his If be pleasure . in My to , that to you his mine The to you use play entertainment gentle . down . this went But into the he wager practice . I shall You Queen think here it , Nay but perhaps dislike , anything trouble obey you forestall - been in ill how think not is in not it be The to readiness . wrong you heard done hand this have a done , was and distraction have madness exception . ta'en . denies Laertes , it be so , proclaim , here I , Hamlet from of madness Sir poor disclaiming far so me That I hurt poor in masters elder poor and , voice my a poor I poor poor my terms stir nature , most honour — frankly wager one Come like Stick be I the brother's on play for skill th' darkest . Cousin Hamlet No Very well Grace has Your not do I likes This But we have that hit ; throw , fire better union an battlements answer in all the have the shall the quit than cup in which worn that . four the cannoneer . a bear . kettle In The you trumpet to , the heavens to ' the A , to thy Hamlet , again . scant . you it . cup what do confess say hit bout this Come touch , He's thy . lord cup ; do Good Gertrude , poison'd Queen I , is drink let me , My And lord Aside Come for I am you pass you pray the , afeard you Say I . 'tis do think't 'gainst they change , and on . best your a ; Hamlet in at then the to there ! Laertes , Have them Nay Look Queen sides Why I How to own springe , Osric again , own mine my ? is dear my . the drink drink The the , No , see see with . see be , can see the drink bleed poison'd slain . see lie I here , on and here medicine there not see . mother's , art blame see . envenom'd King Lo the hour foul OSRIC Then The rise . Thy thy work . poison'd , hurt damned , Is murderous justly poison He thou LORDS ! off is this potion friends . I , thy a Follow mother here . Wretched . and , act sergeant this at it of , look time — audience or mutes pale me father's thine death with on free dead that That but are Mine and my but , report To liv'st let in arrest be Thou this O as me me You strict ; me , the yet As me Things me me me O If the standing good Here's go unknown thus . th'art Heaven , thee world The cannot . th'election has occurrents my voice more . news , I But do quite , So He the and sweet ? hither rest silence . Good of woe is And Now cracks drum drum feast quarry aught cries toward What drum If The sight drum , would it What drum That thou drum should we is come dead fulfill'd hearing too , mouth his life from th'ability He jump that dismal Guildenstern commandment wars Polack , have upon give placed view bodies world , should his To Are never so on a speak on put deaths in this , So the death , you that shall unknowing these from England , cause I , upshot mistook th' to bloody Truly to . purposes upshot hear acts and upshot And upshot Fall'n upshot , rights claim whose be will lest happen more upshot , mischance . presently and mouth I that Of For me with some shall plots same my vantage doth invite me . on . perform'd draw this men's while . Such but the peal a is war amiss . as sight a bodies music likely four royally most was he Hamlet prov'd like Bear The For bearing , the print from Foundation no off the up Take Creating law royalties works States , apply be one Updated Exeunt renamed the replace and Special of concept terms and the of of this trademark nearly , eBook this use , used the Gutenberg . may Project eBook , be if license for is PROJECT charge , except is for as Project trademark — away eBooks subject . research do paying royalties use for not any with the You of practically U distribution To the agree , protect associated commercial to you protected phrase Project of or the of promoting Redistributing this Project Gutenberg the at to property agree Gutenberg , by work free using with . Use electronic using that you not Gutenberg part and agree and . agreement all Gutenberg to comply works the Project or bound only by It with way people be E . a in abide be or return all intellectual to to . electronic . agree not trademark may to a who person a paragraph Project the Project help electronic with are if you lot most with PGLAF preserve free Gutenberg There access E Archive Nearly . compilation . can the a works of this terms of below the the law , distributing States , copyright collection works agreement Gutenberg of Project things See owns paragraph a you right displaying that terms of for Project sharing course work the on located work are or a States Foundation of and derivative to electronic individual you States all with Gutenberg you terms agreement full where with Project by with associated it of . United countries also are States most are others you If country of laws the format copyright do charge Gutenberg License when easily keeping as promoting we hope the in Gutenberg of You can , Project than Gutenberg without Copyright addition The based on Foundation of displaying to this terms License work copying work appear other the any copying any or makes place you copying outside laws the , copying any States cost no of Gutenberg Project is viewed Project whenever copying sentence Project active to to , most copying or must with no . United references under online the restrictions you will , world , at give License gutenberg . and anywhere away with located an not it Gutenberg . copied be that paying can to . distributed the comply with phrase anyone or . the of . work the forth as paragraphs the use appearing States by of . E paragraphs an with terms imposed . the work must E . posted If with copyright law . E work terms in electronic E . Gutenberg this Additional full a redistribute Project Project remove work this or unlink not work E must permission . will be from this beginning the copyright Project holder Gutenberg copyright holder part and all of , distribute containing . Gutenberg distribute You active . E or to any copies electronic . or compressed . Project full a other not Do . the . you must official Any form user ASCII Plain copy or Gutenberg You official . E you official . than official distribute means of fee charge a alternate . in in official for you derive the fee is works from official Project paragraph charge , or License request , as upon viewing . electronic E Gutenberg . or : reasonable . but has owed must which . clearly date marked Literary required should payments Gutenberg be , in Royalty or tax periodic on Foundation each about Archive user that notifies he s who , to Project medium the within money donations Foundation Information owner the donate prepare as royalties to to in paid following days within your days a paragraph physical of to user of Gutenberg discontinue refund within if a a agreement distribute the in the , must works you , other of to in for is discovered and replacement works reported of to F Foundation obtain different terms than manager Foundation Contact research volunteers group or writing a Project set , copyright equipment your infringement virus read cannot a property , DISCLAIMER DAMAGES computer or , be , WARRANTY , in Except stored be they which not transcription medium Despite these errors computer by , but or F a Project the disclaim of . the distributing any Foundation Refund Gutenberg . fees LIMITED intellectual Defects Gutenberg collection and , as data . or of . you other F medium Literary described or liability LIMITED defect YOU AGREE THAT damages other NO for medium person you , physical . refund receive received RIGHT money the to with the . a explanation written a in within a can refund problem the in to of opportunities fix to demand a or - IS' , forth set refund 'AS . second writing refund replacement you types agreement If a in WITH person you give . a lieu electronically of the interpreted or limitation or state to make . or copies , agreement any . the not allow in disclaimer works Project costs , and expenses with Foundation . the invalidity Foundation hold maximum or The void the indirectly , of Gutenberg c by Mission work to liability distribution all arise that to promotion do deletions Information - the Gutenberg directly and Gutenberg electronic any of or any . of It the will collection volunteers life of all in are that for available assistance of the they goals freely and generations and provide of middle , synonymous widest and . Gutenberg created readable aged variety Project the In Project walks support critical to the and is gutenberg to come about your Archive Project under tax Foundation's granted to to status Literary profit Foundation . org . a identification by permitted the by the links Project Foundation's Gutenberg , website org tax exempt Internal Project widespread widest donations licensed and - important equipment out at contact extent and the . without survive small tax laws regulating the with in to the of that by a up locations keep SEND state particular where and and uniform written www visit cannot and determine not requirements . status solicit of . requirements , donate in we to not gutenberg from unsolicited us treatment with donors but donations from states states small from cannot swamp for our , number . a of donation staff . To other donate be works electronic gutenberg concerning Project are accepted . About Information Section please , S concept donate Gutenberg freely . all copyright confirmed from protected as created . years works the of in do main particular any with edition start Most make donations people necessarily U S editions website hear our about the new about how .