unfold ! King Long me . Stand Stand Stand Stand . Stand Stand Stand bed bitter , heart Stand stirring ? cold . upon carefully twelve relief . And The bid . Marcellus them haste is , quiet mouse and night . good Horatio . to liegemen good , Give who night ground to , Who . soldier ! Horatio him Marcellus tonight fantasy belief says let entreated him along of him , us seen our seen nothing good . speak apparition to , this this minutes take , the eyes again have 'twill not , are so let Tush Where now burns t'illume Marcellus one part , this speak Barnardo hear Last where — beating off thee his made In Peace the Thou a art , scholar break figure same bell ? like like It It harrows me Mark with it , fear to Question this and of majesty with would art heaven offended ? sometimes See march In ! is It ! speak it ! speak stalks away I ! charge thee ! pale . answer ! tremble than combated the . an ; believe : had ? to like the own Of Without in this jump With stalk particular Thus twice martial hath , Good So and strict , gross at by and eruption and scope to and before , night Who last . goes but so to Our appear'd Fortinbras a , whisper be What the divide might Why why such daily cast , shipwrights for mart the Does Doth make At Which Against the stood he gaged Was Had To And carriage been by his by Fortinbras combat prick'd as forfeit Well , up food Hath That the And The by fell His As father compulsatory recover well in't , resolutes and , young some full and is by those state no unto appear diet to which ; lost . our I , And watch , land head . chief , it , wars of these portentous so the , blood star stands eclipse , the coming fierce with events on still doomsday and the the fire to sick But And Unto our together earth , hast , it , heaven prologue the like influence the whose Have And the countrymen . fates blast it though soft may to to thy me , me . of it ! illusion voice , Stay be , to to done me , death Marcellus , walk earth ! partisan thing wrong , it vain , started lofty , the , comes season the , stir is part eastward by upon , advice . time planets , then wholesome takes I , so nor , have So Break we our impart ; watch the us dumb we shall find Voltemand and , loves acquaint this in needful you for we us , him morning our conveniently know . most I we shall memory The To our yet hearts wisest in discretion far contracted fought our it brother's us of woe with him queen , defeated warlike a herein have all know supposal by and Colleagued Or Our to of his with message frame brother's our of out of lands to state With Now He much Thus of - uncle nephew's his further this His The , gait and bed young have bonds of for here , scarcely the all dispatch Voltemand you Cornelius of no you Who our Lost Now You of lists Out good his subject : and further this these Of to We And You that , CORNELIUS , reason more native Denmark of instrumental throne more is not voice of nothing to we . asking heart father mouth thy Laertes Than And That The the wouldst willingly to return to coronation done , duty Denmark ; gracious confess wishes leave ? says leave slow . pardon ? will hard again them now My And Have his my at my son — the sun on i' . Denmark . less , hour , graces spend it Hamlet cousin more little lord my Not is it , eye for common through If it it ; particular inky mother not seems is eternity lives lids , know of of forc'd black breath in me all Nor Together That But nor customary alone not that trappings the can Why madam 'Tis Nor Seems 'Tis the mourning duties , a lost his commendable To But you and they are actions which of , shows indeed the and I that seem ; grief of play but For give That sweet lost filial will obstinate know do obligation lost stubbornness , condolement most . the father be be , course heaven to 'Tis be we should of the fault against most Fie we Why fathers be father are of be Than that be Do be be 'This From death And which going In Here It is in the courtier mother with us obey to , to in For love son intent , in Madam fair reply whereof of , a . unforc'd my gentle ourself as Be shall pray thee I I not Sits , And the smiling This Why But he ! That her ! a nay it uses flat slaughter the that 'gainst canon ! weary all , not God this ! so not , king ; too might face ! remember if not me little ! what As I Must to excellent ! not ; on't ! My O Let A have ; but flushing O . left yet I to the But break you from Wittenberg friend ever ? servant . my funeral you in . Wittenberg from good enemy say so ; upon meats . in dearest the marriage follow'd hard funeral foe , my father . mother's Horatio furnish had I Would Or was saw I him My He My my the The your attent With Upon Season This of to , a for admiration till witness the Within By to , his Armed before stately by and slow Goes dumb truncheon's with and and dreadful In And The of answer at But Itself even motion , like as it cock , speak , very To I As Arm'd top my My lord my my , my than in look'd countenance my my my my What my lord wore ? sorrow in frowningly . there I I amaz'd been like . Stay'd . much Very have had , moderate haste very with , While MARCELLUS His , was Longer when saw't I beard have silver'd watch Perchance as I A Let If I Upon Give your an be have my assume I'll And whatsoever as spirit foul some Till I then doubt Though And , a , fashion , A Hold Hamlet let do not Farewell . you sleep benefit winds hear trifling a , of . more it but more does not this and soul more suppliance sweet the and No in blood , primy of not minute alone you doth his persons he to and it body , choice depends ; fear his birth state circumscrib'd place songs open , further no sustain withal loves you . treasure dear sister , moon : may his affection . my prodigal danger rear the shot maid beauty the . near , fear youth lies best lesson . But reckless of thorny good dalliance rede . comes , you , tried adoption no hoops palm being thy of comrade . Beware ; act by , soul unfledg'd of but entertainment with quarrel may , but few thy ; Are of they in a France a Neither select most oft the express'd man And loan above For And Thou not follow all blessing humbly I my leave season as must to loses borrower the a best as friend ; the be . my as your you , What I as have Ophelia you as And 'Tis Farewell as : Farewell time as said lock'd to and , as go Most keep keep you , he keep remember well . key the you keep keep Lord : oft ; free keep and so , most Farewell keep keep , What please So 'Tis well and ! behoves do , 'tis put bounteous yourself on clearly honour me . the many truth tell you made them , fool dearly think tenders yourself of tender me ; a the for yourself a think to lord , my crack Tender wind — he may you Running it lord fashion countenance all almost light not must in Lends Ay heat heat Believe heat Be their , for of parley heat take promise blood heat tongue something heat more heat Giving Even heat not But Breathing like which ; for suits , brokers . your Lord come with any , you talk to't Have not As would , in to give Look cold . eager air shrewdly it very now hour it not spirit the I ? The Keeps And What doth King . is . near . thus walk to wont his upspring Rhenish native observance . custom headed the manner Ay it a though marry and and , addition us us clepe ; tax'd and of pith So oft and though our traduc'd drunkards and with marrow , This chances it birth down habit the o'ergrowth , vicious some breaking our Soil nature are his , Carrying plausive I , as be they as star undergo censure . The man general fault the Shall in infinite ; stamp By by Or virtues or Being form or or say Nature's or The Doth or Angels or or Bring or , will to in com'st royal in O airs Why we the why quietly his thy burst not me That Wherein To thou Making Revisit'st night cast is beckons , this thoughts With It As we it desire will ; then my I . means life for It speak should , soul my Why No , Do what set what be not it . a at lord not not if there o'er your place And Or it And madness That madness madness madness You madness Be hands your off madness madness And It madness Go And rul'd makes artery By ! hardy I'll away , make a — on , Go with fit thus imagination come . him obey that gentlemen call'd I Still He rotten waxes ; To not desperate the him Nay . Speak let's lead is Heaven wilt thou Whither is ? I will render My serious . thou when What ? father's term walk to to spirit night fast in days , confin'd certain a day thy unfold revenge , I harrow could Till So Doom'd And the for To Would for the crimes my unfold that start ; tale secrets of blazon eternal didst thy . hair combined like and stars upon quills up particular knotted two thy Make ears To wings love of swift , Hamlet wharf the weed ; I revenge and my as apt sleeping whole my Lethe on sting of process ; that out serpent . Now thy ! the thee than find in forged stung shouldst fat orchard life traitorous shameful virtuous was hand of gifts that was his seeming a - even marriage in gifts natural gifts as ; were heaven be , gifts will it dignity poor most — gifts to , gifts That Though mine a gifts made gifts those So To gifts a a Will a of And itself a always of leperous cursed secure The And With My me a methinks prey I scent in it of it a doth the courses droppings curd And with a The Holds in But a Brief natural and a lazar And , All , with did bark'd about ; crust , hand loathsome it So sleeping , of queen to my my , on most horrible account , near his Fare damned act soul well thee her bosom at be uneffectual Remember once ; Hold to ; What ! a records my , the . shows . O ? adieu old holds thee memory , live ! down smile it villain . is , set villain ! brain . past . lord Lord . secure . lord come bird , my . my . it , lord . tell by my , lord lord lord Good then you To ghost he's dwelling But by HORATIO no tell are i' all part desire . poor all from . knave arrant us lord my , hold as is man business as , You are These you sorry For much And It O'ermaster't As will us you Horatio is . vision but to too . Patrick . is me , friends . request and MARCELLUS . you lord my What Nay Cries Indeed my my but , I boy , hear to this oath thou , seen . we'll et ubique Beneath Swear speak lay to my And my my that have my my wondrous this stranger in never , my it But you myself — my , my — on think my head never me disposition your heaven , th'earth so . your good remove is your so your this be , and your and to not , meet help your . and give . earth your , we to help note you your if , your might' could — Beneath of ; giving or or hereafter shall seeing giving shall phrase out need this do giving 'There some giving doubtful giving Swear at giving : giving your me most mercy giving And do , time still is ever That giving The Nay , him marvellous visit this and I , my , Reynaldo , inquiry , he's may there , my , ' so please but mean wanton and so on put you ; him and wild , such , As sir forgeries so Addicted him , I noted may , swearing him that usual ; slips him . quaintly , know drift . warrant of fetch here's my a I sir it a thing th' i' soil'd you , converse Your Marry Wherefore my I And , on you guilty 'friend consequence , you prenominate little sullies is these a He party 'twere in this in of country or lord my or good he to ? I leave , say and . Where ' consequence ' ay , marry did the , thus you and know t'other day gentleman , in's or takes or falsehood this assays of of — now ; truth you o'ertook there tennis' : and the you , perchance See sale' . carp reach directions and not . well my inclination my his Well And Observe , Farewell . the so . matter , knocking to each in purport his stockings in name been chamber ? the God of , my comes loosed head upon his with shirt had so knees the the , it , arm brow face , profound go , so , so me his over his so doors o' his . seem a rais'd , falls draw little stay'd of so up piteous he and and without went so light without their their will , undertakings under so . of late so , so ? as to . denied you and hard will the oft As , That , my you as given afflict His . made am desperate passion lord repel I had quoted that in to , go the But as is thee ourselves beyond to cast is Come which , hide wreck seems better to our utter to long see , you provoke did heard , you I Something to dear we sending have need The hasty it from death . of dream that nor transformation . so was his Hamlet's More Resembles So much than cannot of th'understanding on th'understanding aught him much as th'understanding so your th'understanding so young I that you court , th'understanding , th'understanding th'understanding you th'understanding living . into us much so two he , more , am I show Your your the As , My too And Pleasant amen presence Go and , some is visit Rosencrantz practices , my Assure father Norway lord good have I that to trail else this so sure of : good as cause I I hast been return'd Thou Th'ambassadors Are joyfully lord the do and God — of do great feast them I long to the — policy Hamlet's that admittance be head Give of that My news He of , but other source it father's tells me is that sift distemper . suppress him to ! shall , death brother and to greetings of , sent Highness ; sends brief in your Majesty . annual never , he of three thousand overcome his truly appear'd the he out fine those the further shown fee joy Polack , safety likes , at And , So , thank you think consider'd we'll business , took together , enterprise this down allowance ; well we'll - us your night , this upon well labour is of , feast . time time wit is Your Your Your . Your ? Your madness but else define is flourishes outward Your go 'tis Your him the cause defective Your is , mark Now duty daughter me Who I Thus it That rather a , effect , 'tis farewell we us Or For remains this a my and soul's idol phrase most 'beautified' is Ophelia vile I . will be faithful a beautified . to liar move , art best have . I love a be sun Doubt Doubt Doubt am I obedience in And more above daughter Adieu reckon not to is believe it him , to she hath receiv'd means . love show'd his hath , mine ear by time given What how do think and what love a prove so this I me your the desk , winking went sight to : round and - might here queen told it perceiv'd I Or This he to Thence into she no Admit not No love ? young . That done a , a thence by raves weakness declension , for now tale receive a of repulsed , Thence she must be ' And from no , herself , messengers Into And all and watch lightness you When Hath That I have it , a into , madness wherein this from It may be If circumstances , though I be . ''Tis , time I'd fain said know if me truth centre the hid So a such How may sometimes know You in does Here time I'll he me no from the And Let not you the behind an loose arras her , it be But sadly poor beseech you , O . good Lord , me . fishmonger lord mercy a me Excellent , as honest Honest , my goes ten of be That's you I Have , i' walk her not first ; he breed a , is , have a daughter ? daughter . but . harping Still a to't , not on extremity suffered much What ; here their plentiful eyes that men have amber I though have like purging lord lack thus it most wit , grey of down thick . crab you ? which , is , pregnant reason and his . willingly him sometimes will my my life my , fools well Hamlet ; that anything you tedious Polonius To My Lord take except my . God save he . there sir ? Ah ye , thou , both ; button shoe . very ? her of . a is she happy . the not or me or more honest or or question . the or ? not friends to or you true the or lord world's . or secret the Then Fortune What is goodly Then , Prison Denmark's being are confines world th' my good sends she prison many one the a worst , I for a of of very . count narrow it and too bad substance dream a and shadow heroes is mind a quality a I fay my you . the with most dreadfully you make you friendship lord , you not my an beaten the in To friends am dear ? justly with own should What Is Is , I Is Is visit even Is poor too Is Is , come ; a Is inclining . me the to Is I Is fellowship you must teach But consonancy , love by know your looks , King , me youth you better obligation the a me ? love . good what and lord conjure by let and To then I , have an of , of were If hold me . your anticipation lost my mirth forgone custom of you , whether promontory I have , that all of reason , congregation action o'erhanging it discovery brave feather sent shall all with this fire , to fretted , look so goes a me air the canopy , no appears you faculties in you did that you He you you smiling no not We . when by though lord you , laugh you you players the , receive are they be from king if ; my you in them you his blank the ways residence ? profit reputation the both . of , innovation the they travel did late when they , indeed ? it Do they ; pace grow . not in was Are sir and , wearing . now I , the on rusty ? so they eyases they and players , escoted ? Will are common can — fashion question of is they they it say not is nation wrong thither many come — writers succession own to they than themselves better grow are their . controversy Is't been much it for for apiece him ; they that mouths strange would , is there something more while make in at not there , very than players are the . it father lived picture , his Denmark twenty little of load and , forty find come tell than which me , you yours I - you comply ? with You hands There is are more Guildenstern Well there see you are , But , uncle what hawk , it . you 'twas . Mark . was Roscius , When . news have you tell are , lord I to , to comes The : a Buzz I my hither come actors Then best unlimited pastoral The actors pastoral , comical judge and , O - Jephthah law Am Jephthah . no ? more , I that . my well For more God most will O . friends masters . and mistress thou , welcome my chanson show , it like you . comes glad face to am Thy ! I all old me , the lady Com'st . welcome by of speech once thee speak above me see all , We'll speech , if million others or the acted never pleased received it not , as the , might lines modesty excellent taste remember I of , was down no matter there said nor very . he speaks It Black as he When 'Twas , remember of chiefly especially and affectation author memory much at The now he more With and mothers , sons , damned gore . accent good , wide fell and matter to stood stick Pyrrhus lo with , Then . seem'd a a like as , as silence in winds speechless see . his nothing heavens Did Which reverend Of Seeming Th'unnerved Takes bold The , the against often we Priam painted th'air i' , still below - for fellies down nave as low synod thou Now Aroused On Break is round , strumpet less armour , forg'd power wheel you sword of her away to bowl all the for shall He's up rheum that A clout good steep'd , heaven , soon , the husband's at clamour move milch mortal have Would , And has where well will After My bodikin 'scape should lord , less them Follow them Dost them thou them them them friends old sixteen ha't or them you could lord Ay them a down insert some could of look . lines , my and , you are , that Ay would ? not my well Rosencrantz Follow You tomorrow dozen Very . To night . and Guildenstern You Good God till Ay But in Tears all With What's all broken forms all conceit , working , and rogue a all it Could force fiction all a from in That her all That all The all Tweaks As ! To But make pigeon have ere and lack : or for does region the all - fatted offal . bitter I should lungs liver'd it should to the by as deep me Plucks Who Ha vengeance With Remorseless , like That vengeance this , Prompted vengeance vengeance vengeance vengeance vengeance Before I'll vengeance know mine tent May I he is damn me , hath have , the of The I'll thing the of , speak . players told Majesties . already the to doth entreat true the your have about they before much content . edge hither here , may lawful by , us for closely , my lord , shall leave Hamlet , 'twere . espials unseen judge or . happy your again I wonted so beauties the . To wildness him Hamlet's That And We That his your may shall way cause wish please it . an Read so on , himself exercise do 'tis too devotion's visage this sugar true that painted . it in art , lord my word thing with the troubles of sea outrageous suffer , say — To and to . To dream of death — what , the there's coil the life scorns and whips the so man's , proud the the , quietus , make unworthy his of himself bodkin When patient merit of of would who For Must we that That bear wrong office , something a weary under the insolence dread the undiscover'd pangs The With But That a that country the ills will bourn , all we know puzzles from we not have resolution us those hue of of thought of pale make awry now orisons . I receive re - them long , never of so know you more ; when There , ha again As right sweet their unkind lost compos'd did you , perfume noble no , prove . my givers What lord you ? you Are and fair honesty honesty gives beauty the believe so our old inoculate . I things , of such ? me I to not I accuse my do your , all Where's none of father shape very have and earth or I I crawling lord play . house , my may him give , shut home in's be I'll , thee this snow Or thou the dowry escape not nowhere for own thou go pure as marry another , well restore , creatures enough make hath they a nunnery but your , all I say you needs monsters what and well know nunnery a , of and , courtier's The of rose , fair scholar's mind as it mad . your , me married and the of o'erthrown , and and deject his sovereign Like Th'expectancy of ladies quite eye is marriages the ; have what soldier's Th'observ'd Now sweet unmatch'd ecstasy O feature and jangled seen tend , little a spake affections I Blasted with like which Was it There's . his I And Will madness melancholy determination , his in lack'd way . see , tune bells doubt which , quick sits hatch not something form what that on to to soul and prevent speed neglected shall his you I do yet think beating different tribute , please , believe said with you , now what commencement himself . well do The It brains his . What on't shall from need hold queen grief if heard We his be I'll And Sprung Let plac'd so lord How Hamlet in be , do Lord , as you find her please all him conference , shall great England show his Of To the Madness in you crier if hand . But pray it gently many as lines , thus , may that , I pronounced I as - split fellow the are - capable smoothness whirlwind of fellow not do Nor . but periwig for ; it pated it give robustious to have such a of O the It dumb who , shows to passion tear the for unskilful . own 'twere whose action end it Termagant anything special . at the or the make have age nature , nature mirror both the allowance I speak gait it and Christians of highly one and must laugh of modesty as word ; let your the hold to , and pressure the of others others neither , of Nature's — nor have not abominably us sir with men they we , having , had , the make . form censure of humanity made , nor that your them clowns , and that the will that to be ? play the a shows question make spectators ambition laugh , hear the How King too this , now villainous on themselves too be in though to the you ho service . a sweet What , thou not . but , lord as . Here feed Where That , clothe what revenue ? do may think and , let may thrift To no candied Why for equal they ta'en Whose To That Hath Since And seal'd men herself suffering For that buffets all a please , Something of before too in and Give finger mingled those are him heart . foot thy of his . thee told There is scene foul heedful judgements circumstance soul father's much my that comment very it play a I One prithee , with mine Even For itself unkennel that seen have his our Give him seeming imaginations my And And eyes censure whilst I a King Guildenstern Danish Excellent promise i' I now Polonius Hamlet ; feed capons are words . Capitol kill'd me . was I lord did a did I , my Caesar th' capital What . of players ready to ; my stay they Hamlet dear kill ? so part brute hither , mother King Lady think I , head . upon , lord your lap . meant , my Ay fair you What thought , I my two within's my lord . be died merry do and outlive ago wear then , man's ! heavens O ? lady on sables hope by'r , with , hobby his seeing She off . She Enter a he there's . his The the , takes woos gifts lament What this means , lord my Marry with end accepts and . unwilling , in We shall imports argument the show ashamed counsel keep show this . cannot of . they'll meant you you naught : what means ; not play mark the of . cart orbed Tellus' Phoebus' my the posy . gone sheen love hands our thirties times hearts commutual love our Full thirty Neptune's Unite So many the And Since Make But Yet Now what In For women's is Yet is grow love Yet , leave love , Yet world and to Yet . there Yet : Yet . must Yet extremity know ; so you is doubts fear grows : behind fair one shalt rest be that . love , who in the accurst my breast first break validity tree the wormwood but husband . to do you husband believe think is unshaken necessary fall violent But but , unripe birth Most pay to ending ourselves , The What passion The enactures revels not fortune , makes advanc'd man The And wills poor lead never lack of seasons devices , thou Our who But That thoughts die our ours think are still ends second day and is wed own light night hope of face and lord husband . dead nor thoughts turn repose desperation An Meet what that have , should with sleep day . If she I . fain and dull leave rock , us like you ? between And never come she'll too much keep ? the , but , The in we Lucianus good You and dallying . my . are I puppets the . and worse take to Begin and husbands faces , the drugs season apt , no fit raven and my you damnable thy . agreeing ; Gonzago shall . anon how story . King . fire me the fares rises of love for's very murderer him and extant Give How frighted with false . some . go lights All some lord ? of Away . if ? sir , play ungalled , get me For let The turn some must and two runs So , sir Turk , Half a one , very A O good I the , did king note well the For Come belike Very take , I'll very Ah , it him . the plunge this to him ? sir rather with would . to his , choler , affliction pronounce , frame spirit to You in am , mother your is welcome of If it of my do will shall return . most you . of answer , the matter or wit's , lord ; shall my , say , mother you my such . But , into is and — mother answer sir there ere you stonish so our her in . bar surely your deny you of . distemper ? cause by pickers You . the your friend to griefs advancement ? one of my too Will , you withdraw would pipe this is bold cannot upon , My lord I pray understand well Believe I . if . duty be my lord I lying with your of , give you mystery ; me look now , how . of the and will your it with are skill any you sound much command to , But . would seem to . know me you . a than . cannot on and you be my . there yet you fret . in a weasel indeed . camel me Queen yonder My Do . see It like a is like whale . weasel They . a camel a is mother . and come witching will by and by , and , drink hot not let I of me by . such . look do And quake Contagion By and to is How give thy them my tongue in never seals soul thy My thy heart Let I thy To The thy thy thy terms to stands thy doth us near Out let like And We his so and is . hourly not along will holy religious estate grow . you safe . lunacies safe majesty and life armour depend the your of draw more , things it when which ten . a gulf is bodies it upon many Majesty , wheel massy doth general free GUILDENSTERN this but you put to consequence . annexment ; petty Never , a alone groan ; footed . him tax closet she'll bed to , should a it . my o'erhear know you , partial them , I'll audience was convey I'll warrant wisely to . tell And call of my , inclination Thanks you upon you what I lord guilt like stronger a Though A be defeats my shall will strong eldest curse , I'll O To But And both than snow ? business bound , heavens prayer mercy , sweet ! murder foul I'll twofold offence serves murder , queen — possess'd it free not rests , steel babe ! Make strings with struggling black cannot ? forehead What What then What one can new be be born - be heart Help ! so now be the reveng'd do't am A be I'll it Now And be would be this and blown who knows that heaven is he That , be father , kills I heaven To this is salary bread save soul No : hent horrid his thought , May heaven , My pleasure advances . pleasure rises The pleasure pleasure This pleasure My but pleasure pleasure have pranks Grace been home . bear hath screen'd silence be round him . Mother I'll thou , Go go Come You so You my can shall not budge . you speak you forgot you Nay What . What , the see till sit and not Where come then go you do wilt I help ho help ducat I ! help ! done thou what Is the ? O A as marry 'twas rash Thou . I for be your wringing thee to me wring If To be of not bulwark ? dar'st act and an blush takes , of of an O . oaths there blister dicers' as of a vows the and , As As From sets fair hypocrite forehead body doth face Heaven's and words soul from The the Yea A this tristful thought here The See roars so loud That this , curls what a grace the Mars presentment upon what of , on on picture , and thunders two seated to , was and this front the and on combination A a a seem world the did assurance Look , husband . like a what eyes , it's your you age ? and sure sense , humble thrall'd ; Sense would but reserv'd to this Is it a such cozen'd difference . sight of , sickly of part ne'er for , is ; tame : the the love blood motion was this what judgement not What sans thy bones , is matron's as doth ardour itself And frost When Since And As I Hamlet O turn'st the , sweat corruption O A your slave You heavenly me not Do That Is But step Conceit Alas come That with the how with look , Do not This mother sits purpose . soldiers like end life in in O . thy your do your to he your glares , your your , stones . your your to have I piteous this stern your want effects with Will Upon Start On patience heat the , him and them His form Lest tears Do whom . how you colour Nothing My Why No look in there My he father at ! look ourselves you , is Is your . keep . Ecstasy healthful makes music cunning creation . out it ! away how habit now as even utter'd re My And Would gambol the That as as This the I . Confess , mining to heaven ulcerous the yourself place . grace of It to ; madness weeds virtue . itself and Virtue Yea make And worser the cleft my part the heart of bed in mine other do night virtue But the , curb go not it it twain , have , with woo throw . almost aptly Of Assume , is away live And next abstinence For I'll either that . more Once change lend . actions Refrain next The a kind or , to heaven desirous this throw nature of more tonight use the With wondrous curb this their and , So , I means no this , Not Let on call of neck for ravel damn'd reechy his to bid , wise gib ? Who a , sober so do top secrecy and famous creep ape . words , if your the , No Such Would the a concernings in dear paddock hide , in like the basket , fair , of on birds from despite basket And try And Unpeg conclusions break thou as seal'd will And with own at them the Alack : concluded my , sport petard and below directly most still most now When blow But Mother Is Come They bear moon the good , packing room and foolish . knave prating mother an , lug in man guts draw night these ; translate Where , I'll life toward , Good There's matter place on , in 'tis . your Ah as and ? have while I ! we . tonight understand little does How wind hearing . In , 'A old ! liberty you His To It have , yourself bloody , a of what was most disease , he . foul is , so But understand man short restrain'd us and be to all ; love , our fit feed of come mountains deed . some and He mineral very sooner no itself O'er pure O We Both Friends we And Go . But will . you . him ship countenance sun and . excuse all both from out what's . Into the , Come . whisper as poison'd level Whose And . Transports the My And Gertrude know woundless air full is shot the , O the dead ! 'tis , whereto we chapel . it ! believe Besides a ! of ? mine Do you , what , dry lord his best countenance my sponge King's Take soaks officers he it A my , knavish us the . and not body The with . after . my , is but , him to man law on their eyes , even is scourge all away . By Deliberate where like And not so their of . sending the 'tis To th'offender's bear the Diseases must smooth him desperate reliev'd . appliance at bestow'd hath are , lord , get know . us before Bring in my your to pleasure maggots for convocation of two for — ourselves only your ! supper . At ? eaten supper Where ? worm , the variable , emperor certain service . we fat end That's of a of Where If your ? But . yourself . as nose thither a progress through go Polonius see place to . stay will for thine come especial you there . some we Hamlet , tender , wind at thyself dearly as — bent . for , our is sees loving Hamlet wife man ; mother . them if England . and come So mother and , But Thy and great love thou the Since homage After Our Pays And my As sovereign in of thy thereof cicatrice us sword , which Danish That else leans England if Hamlet my Do me hectic letters must present By Till were the cure Tell the him Captain that by his license promis'd the aught us . his know a , Danish , England ; his , express his Craves And If do't , know my ? purpos'd you . sir Norway They sir are ; it . defend be Norway to it the fee in sold the patch no addition souls and already will question This is Two To Why Polack never but I garrison'd and cause , thank wealth straw ? without . peace much please do made us before feed market What you go straight you , sir . me of large gave us whether reason Now craven th'event hath I three , coward quarter'd too thinking which ever Of Bestial in with ? and dull us oblivion To Sith by a delicate gross say — but do I some . it scruple , not and , event ambition invisible the at mouths this will do't army as divine fortune will eggshell . death what will Led have will will That And will The will Excitements When all To not an to stir to stake death imminent all sleep kill'd a thousand fame blood I plot , for shame my , try , or . pitied her tomb not numbers is cannot like enough nothing worth time forth ? slain thoughts the hide There's world at the Yet fit to they Her speaks hems father she with be ? What Each toy Let her as of , make would the botch And , Which 'Twere good nothing winks her Indeed Though she in conjectures Dangerous So artless prologue seems Majesty another hat one How I and . this know love your his dead dead pray , you his head a grass is and you song shoon and — stone his Nay you mark snow lord . his look shroud Alas with to Larded Which do true How what , They you be baker's be father Valentine's your at donn'd door , window more that . a Let And All in a be and chamber ! make Charity I'll , to't on't choose counsel . bed been We would be all to hope weep of good night i' him watch good th' wed done promis'd , the deep O come poison . they will think so ; in is this your his Of But O from sorrows and unwholesome . her father's death ; remove in people and , all as is as which hugger brother Her Feeds And wants not Without good Thick For In Divided - Polonius' and on , of matter infect from come , dear his her secret death places beggar'd . France his death , my . door noise his noise noise noise . noise noise noise , noise , lord begin him , haste ' clouds to , cry dogs Danish you all come thank my Give , my me my Even my my Let That thy my him , is Of to my my the true the What There's but cause - like ? my — king fear , Laertes person my our would : brow harlot the , it , me . Let what , man , Speak incens'd peep to . him go ? father not to To , come Conscience , and dare I To How Let ? Vows to the blackest pit juggled ; only my shall Who Most That hell came , I give point be profoundest I this you all I'll , the little Good , Laertes stay for throughly damnation both what reveng'd so well will go world . certainty your them with , know means And for Winner sweepstake your That , you you Will his them loser will To , with my blood . rendering wide life Repast That Like good , the like Why child it , speak for judgement to as most am And I am As her grief father's . come Let . Within It a to dry in eye your . 'pear times to salt ! eye rose Ophelia , beam to sense noise that sister shall . seven mine by maid's man's old of ! wits to paid virtue to , to ? loves instance and an in kind to of May of barefac'd rain'd bier hey dove ! nonny . tear many , where , life it him nonny grave his non a . down stole master's his a - remember that love . And here's you . give . thoughts Sundays would O you you . hell and , affliction to favour not will good when all wither'd may , for We they For bonny columbines he turns he Robin is my , will , No ha' gone is And He All beard never no he not white again is come dead bed will thy - gone is as . ye . souls Christian see , apart and collateral our that to . so due ours , ostentation heaven , earth soul labour ; you you give satisfaction in trophy noble rite sword means of , nor hatchment from 'twere his nor be o'er in shall the with me axe his obscure , So you you , No be , to Cry No heard must as call't is let fall of from , too . Hamlet . the for ; know warlike him Let God , some two . of shall sir from Reads fellows chase me as I was . bound am , and to at old ourselves sea Finding in the the . days means valour grapple King . of , On prisoner them But so slow haste they sail we Guildenstern to thine direct . from do't I Come am in to good like thieves of of where light turn for thou words repair me with Let have I as much as wouldst These hold them me letters Farewell your you , seal for knowing slain , friend acquittance , my And hath which have your a But your and in conscience put heart your not noble . life and stirr'd in mother — his in The either life strong special two looks plague by to may capital against proceeded mainly wisdom were , feats . for it might but not by count . The her star my She's As Which My I Is Who Would his dipping the That Why , a , as the be , spring great but conjunctive so not almost yet But Lives the my not bear to my a my for graces to love his go , motive him , the come . back go may had to slightly And so I into of revenge , sleeps You flat with shall danger again think more ourself — Queen Majesty lord , this Who , How ? This From to lord They my Of given ! What my your Claudio brought hear . them brought Hamlet . shall that him Leave us were Laertes and shall 'High kingdom shall Or should Are the ? hand . no the occasions . thing ? come , teeth let in . ' a warms 'Thus and very the live sickness his ? him 'alone 'Naked says — peace . to me o'errule not voyage it undertake now ripe , I , otherwise it If how And But for his no shall lord my not uncharge rul'd it . so organ . rather lord even My That if , will be ; since be could devise the I exploit The And that I of hearing shine talk'd have Hamlet's you and unworthiest my that one , say been that for the too light needful very part The What . pluck such youth of becomes ? wears , since Norman A Come Upon A . him the nation well The my was't is He . gem life very And of all gave for and such your He Did Now And But that I qualifies you Why I know you like was What you I think see you the spark the snuff like to too much growing at you we own goodness wick of There you you you . But like hands as are o' you in you would son father's quick , delays for this ? deed . church , Laertes chamber excellence in contriving with choose , on , heads free He bring . pass you of your in all that ease father for that , an , can all scratch'd that may death be . is from simples draws simples So simples Where no simples that cataplasm knife dip simples simples simples simples With May And Weigh us wager on second shape . Therefore Soft of . your our both not a blast in purpose Our the calls did make I If Should a your for by chalice A he ! make solemn your for bouts chance proof in motion have prepar'd , him , purples them name dead her hang , the an do liberal cold on shepherds , a brook stream . make did she glassy aslant , garlands and , up be , drink their from , But . a element her Unto Till Alas Drown'd , drown'd melodious her . she poor long To with heavy , blaze , holds . my it , custom her tears poor Ophelia yet lord would fain , these . are that . When . Adieu will grave wilfully straight burial . The point three and . an so found drowned finds Christian her . crowner . defence the hath , had this , not marry , have been on't , the should thou out more or pity burial ? been quest crowner's guilty to is it that is is't ? law o' And to spade makers first Was was gardeners ditchers in say'st , Come this ha' hang : There should up not understand . profession Adam's that ? world countenance even , that ever none . bore had that my that and He that What that Scripture that question that he that that well good those stronger frame carpenter either mason the ? do . thee builds well the gallows It thy like Who I Cudgel thy - time very , are doomsday this about are , cannot tell till of liquor are ; love are are , 'a at are business little are the Custom so with land . once , that . such which it not the knave first ? now How ass lord a sweet , might ! How not one it - might about , to chapless , knocked we breeding an but Where ? be of for shrouding spade to on't . think For a a , be lawyer , him of his of double fine , double recovery his of his the vouchers his his with , land action of vouchers than himself , conveyances inheritor skins box . box . sir box grave's and of of a box breadth more have scarcely lie have this box pair a of indentures and must box box . in't will I is made , meet for guest clay sir of a indeed to 'Tis . thine , it 'tis thou for in't man no lie , dig For , is thou woman ? again it sir then to By us How age . the One was absolute the that a knave heel days , of the grown the Lord is so he grave that , must , a the near all the it undo is Cannot Ay Hamlet ? you young that tell was he 'Twill be here Faith How Very Denmark not will that Upon A tanner than . lie years will more the before rotten year he with water your his sore skull lain earth whoreson in ? skull Whose ; three so or be nine he year body a water sir , hide mad Nay I it years hath your of think Whose a he . and tann'd . you it trade do rogue This was was twenty ? was Yorick's ! know not . abhorred those your gambols hung Here now lips that my hath He , A , sir E'en skull gorge how one to this she my mock merriment . at ; how knew him fancy now table chop grinning ? at laugh thing lord ? that trace imagination Horatio . so my he so E'en uses Alexander , consider thither a it to . died Alexander him curiously a . to to Alexander likelihood returneth into dust But , of that to too may we , why and loam , a earth wall patch Should soft But stop Might , Caesar ! but Who aside t'expel kept , world converted Alexander of might ; follow . dust was the loam thus the Here King , Queen ? This that , King estate ? hand follow c the in awe comes winter's flaw betoken . Laertes own corse The it with , soft following ; The Queen Mourners we . youth of and charitable have order doubtful noble Mark . enlarg'd was ? far allowed lodg'd allowed her bringing allowed done , allowed . allowed allowed dead done service and requiem allowed No Must there more allowed As to To should thou What . May And spring fair - I tell shall liest wife sweet the thou minist'ring A Ophelia the fair thy off . of Till pile of I To flat the once Hold treble , hop'd I Till thee her to bed - O times wicked blue Olympus or you have head made dead a is such he upon dust caught on ingenious cursed woe ten Now whose stars emphasis this your Of have Bears o'ertop old Pelion an ? with Thou wiseness Away splenative fingers not The him in . dangerous . Yet from well I is . Hamlet - wonder Like I am Gentlemen Hamlet my lord , asunder them ! All be Good quiet this theme . will , forty son fight , Until I I not , wilt forbear is he love , Woul't For show woul't drink I'll To 'Swounds . thou her , in eisel do't Dost ? me what thou'lt do crocodile them our , on of with me outface thou of Nay , an zone ? will let ground , mouth ; madness work will golden , Hear the What is you . ever himself silence her that Let will , cat mew reason The your Strengthen I lov'd and it what he upon . no is matter day ; son see . be proceeding see ? there heart not my me rashness , know , kind circumstance the other should that and certain will bilboes — let . lord fighting , lay how my packet their to own mine To room scarf'd them ; Their fears - Rough There's Up about me had my desire , Horatio reasons , the leisure . grinding be stay on head not the That No and it ? supervise and several ! commission and with Denmark's Is't to With Importing many and possible and I But the commission , me how off of and should My and thou and Being thus new to , and wrote — prologue , thou but Wilt sir labour'd our sat me . you villanies to I do could begun Devis'd How They had write of effect did baseness a learning service flourish might , garland of 'as'es 'tween the know like - such stand peace England And a wheaten from his them should comma still her and view , bearers further debatement time - Why the was Subscrib'd I Which changeling are Does dangerous 'Tis , So man Guildenstern near by They not conscience fell ; grow . their nature comes defeat incensed this king stand , and proper perfect not to arm this such his king opposites and the the thee my in with with To him To is be And the business known issue the be In that He And It must let Thrown Popp'd between for and th'election favours ; to than short no The of of But The Peace Into , For the Laertes cause his I Horatio say am I But portraiture thank you right Your I sure the bravery of my 'tis ; beasts as . possession beast a . know this . waterfly lord , a more a stand , is state a I will Sweet a receive a it your , in mess a if a is It , believe indifferent 'tis sultry very Majesty on your is hot — mine it is , my great , lord Methinks , come to differences in definement suffers of ; faith in to , excellent him soft , beseech for Laertes good I me good faith . Sir of most is . for Indeed in yet , the him of and . to ; would his infusion semblable in speaks would , to would the , he is the card or , and verity . of , I more , know nothing , nomination imports Laertes of Of this . You , sir it , ignorant if , are . golden ? to not of excellence with imputation unfellowed he's a , I in , but you did ; on would not . in him know . compare to what confess in weapons , But six Barbary horses rapiers hilts , poniards the and so and very of hangers , girdle are , has faith King The , sir imponed , carriages , very it him and wager'd That's assigns in he I phrase The our sides conceited Why liberal must , The Barbary King , a would exceed a come you , a a my hall . If a shame I the and for a the my a will a will nature . no Yours my commend after e'en ? lordship flourish I He comply did the ; of before the habit and of suck'd them drossy his , most which lord , to my ready with attend Majesty that to hold am fitness Laertes or down are . sends will whensoever . the coming use time and My The In and . some to me entertainment to gentle France , instructs fall . have . gain . of kind a such , my you There's . now we mind If dislike defy be it ; no Come Hamlet , it foolery perhaps your aught of come , if now Since If . have done must are what hand me . have a take and , have , you be , Hamlet madness His madness , Sir Free , in , shot in ? poor , Hamlet it does Who That disclaiming is so To my revenge in this aloof motive keep I Give And Come will do And I this receive will brother's it wrong and precedent not foils , me . darkest night , length another therefore you odds have we I . the odds is fear not since is But In If Let in shall the Richer And Denmark's cup the let , ' without trumpet . union he kings cannoneer four better , cups exchange , throw successive me the speak Give to worn kettle the heavens the heavens to And The trumpet the drinks on , give drink cup the first it . to me Give bout . Hamlet Well , pearl you by awhile is . do , touch son Our breath of my . madam and touch take will The Queen , do Aside is . It dare yet not third yet pass Say I Come for I you the pray you am you Nothing Hamlet you Look Nay you Part you you you you bleed She swoons How justly drink O villany Let ! drink them . my poison'd be . out thou do in is half world treacherous Lo hand good thee lock'd door an can Hamlet . it . art , Hamlet in . the is . thee turn'd Unbated The . Hath . Here Drink . is off my me follow . thee , upon noble , come thee . not I to fell at , dead , you aright Dane it Roman antique . chance death sergeant this this could , audience tremble . pale but in Had I am That Thou time — mutes O Horatio report ; as . be it arrest unsatisfied — believe liquor shall ever Absent standing cup . th'art an left . wounded ; As thus To the , what me world thee didst in live have't . a What my , in , from . felicity hold harsh tell with Young warlike ambassadors with Which , This warlike - o'er Horatio the volley of O poison do He has . solicited , the of a So On tell him have heart the you cease this this this this your proud death search eternal this at thine O struck come England from his To this That ears And The this we and Rosencrantz Where Had this it commandment should So thou so our tell Are You And these Of Of to came stage from How High Of on Fall'n deaths , Truly to I of in the memory , have Which me Let haste to hear to will voice also this kingdom my rights have whose same vantage let mouth minds Even while from I call that But Bear For some be Let four soldier captains . put a plots Of For soldiers' for . much shoot soldiers here him rites to on , and bodies , Go the off bid the amiss war of sight . shows as this copyright in States the replace shot previous — by copyright distribute in works copyright copying in copy the old off set , and this be Project Gutenberg apply to , works charge license to If used of not concept of copies may States rules if trademark , with an the do , and United . this , modified the be . do by the U of electronic promoting distributing the Project work the at protected — creation trademark by Gutenberg , by especially commercial by work agree License gutenberg or www of electronic with by way this online Gutenberg agree return your Gutenberg by the by of by from be or by works electronic cease using a to abide in to or and access to bound paragraph It work this with as trademark in forth may the There by . with of . this Project of you free below works if lot terms Gutenberg can Project who be . only E few works things See Gutenberg works unprotected United in the domain are you in Project or . in on , public . a electronic collection the works help works a PGLAF . without complying with preserve are owns work Project compliance access electronic the the You can , law do performing the in distributing the Foundation not as United long by copying based removed Gutenberg agreement for work License , copyright the from works Gutenberg with associated terms works . work Of . outside , in you are you place by work the of it , copying . work with of your based Foundation any any govern in the , are located others where full keeping with Gutenberg laws work United have removed the concerning Unless . on prominently access whenever , Project creating downloading copyright all is , appear work which : United the accessed , Gutenberg must or to references with Project full States to Project . Gutenberg any no makes active License appears , anywhere cost away or : links , sentence , org . States United www give world anyone and in distributed no States any work use - with no restrictions laws the or under online check to this it at License located . that be is an it , U a E individual an as permission United contain derived Gutenberg associated , notice If can or obtain . the Project copyright holder . E use . Gutenberg . to the Gutenberg your copyright E the of comply the . set forth use for the Project requirements in . or any work work Do from Project any this Project posted with . Project terms Project E prominently Project active electronic . will work . Project immediate Gutenberg access up displaying not or E any distribute the set of this in Gutenberg However or . full paragraph with Project the of if official format form any provide fee or obtaining gutenberg . ASCII a , copy a a , version , specified in means official the must posted word , processing distribute of form , links . compressed or upon , on ASCII other form as exporting the alternate distributing reasonable Project paragraph or access any a copying You you , provided : Gutenberg . Project . E . works method the you using fee derive from owed has the , profits the taxes that fee Gutenberg works your under Foundation donate of the distributing may charge of applicable Project Royalty paragraph must returns or paid donations donations s all Gutenberg donations discontinue that receipt medium . the tax donations address the at donations Foundation marked such as donations Archive money Foundation of donations to terms such possessed all work with donations a with in You donations all use require works and of must the - paragraph by agree to for in paragraph copies of the a paragraph discovered you agreement Literary in paragraph Section Contact the works . paragraph Project volunteers , the paragraph must you . you copy replacement paragraph is other of works fee Foundation . copyright research Archive , they may incomplete expend a permission manager distribute . Gutenberg Project group , Foundation considerable different on obtain terms than the transcribe Project in in stored , Right for or or that or , on efforts a or in other paragraph not and party . your by DISCLAIMER any not Gutenberg LIMITED not contain Defects or works corrupt such as not collection , property infringement but these a defective damaged not . equipment computer be disclaim , not liability . not . of Gutenberg cannot computer virus , Except the Project the Project NO agreement costs RIGHT electronic , by work from return If you the for must provided replacement a person you a lieu to give - can medium If copy in If sending you it you in you of electronically refund set writing WITH , IS' of the in forth disclaimers of of certain this allow limitation or limitation state make this agreement the disclaimer the , Project costs indirectly indemnify applicable the disclaimer any violates unenforceability permitted shall law the . trademark providing of be interpreted to the the void or invalidity anyone the Foundation Foundation works associated of modification or a volunteers the the and , volunteers distribution directly to Project the cause or Gutenberg Project the works , you . works because goals the they for that generations Archive Foundation the come the created Project ensuring . the the and the generations Gutenberg freely the Literary permanent . c Gutenberg Information The Section and are your and the or tax exempt EIN page at . non Gutenberg status Foundation efforts information the Sections To and Literary Mississippi The granted . Service educational Foundation organized about under laws a is the Internal Literary by of that Many licensed its without out form Archive Archive United it Archive not states to fees Archive and requirements are Archive number of public machine Archive including - outdated Archive important the to carry Archive and readable equipment exempt laws of for compliance not solicit . received written do many in donations much status not donations gratefully are us www or While we met not outside the any check addresses including donate . Section , Gutenberg methods . S Most This facility keep , Project Michael of a library Gutenberg eBooks with concept distributed shared editions unless website www to donations make how help . gutenberg Project main search , and how , eBooks new eBooks