there Who's . Stand and . your . live bed thee . twelve relief Nay You quiet , guard . haste 'Tis cold had at . heart mouse and them is ? Who ! ho watch you If Not The And liegemen to , hear has my place Holla Give , who - you what , Barnardo , Horatio Horatio . thing Welcome of Say A Welcome this ! good him , belief , will says let dreaded And us if sight With this I have I not watch the approve 'tis entreated this come it , have nights once are He That , us down again sit That What fortified against appear to speak not awhile may tush our , assail your . it that all we Barnardo heaven of — comes westward star course burns bell break the art not Looks Thou same , to . fear with me harrows it off . wonder to . it ? King like the speak . it Mark a sometimes In What which the majesty of thee night time and . fair it Horatio , with Stay now 'Tis this ! You my Horatio something think and ! it It ! tremble , gone See ! not ! own very Norway he ! angry in the thyself not combated an . dead hour ice : had . watch I our opinion know to me observant the of and of work to , 'Tis when sledded the Polacks he and he war , brazen land most subject of : King last . appear'd but Whose At impress is't Who , image combat side our world ; Fortinbras of ; by goes to us ; so me , known who life , competent our That prick'd the to , seiz'd with on in emulate valiant esteem'd a which most by a , lands Hamlet his young article vanquisher he Hamlet of carriage the by the so forfeit this Against slay Did been of of , there , had the the same , is which appear his recover well a skirts mettle , by inheritance fell in That His Had unimproved stomach and diet ; doth to terms compulsatory by food hath For Shark'd Of us lawless resolutes land but like so head mind's of state trouble of so that be - this motive rummage this our , lost think Well Comes mote graves was it The with Disasters most the and the In That armed I it sort our ere it is on , dead , palmy tenantless in and Roman Julius and the the empire of and ; Neptune's stands streets , Rome eye . blood star ! events the coming . with of omen and , blast any , our it behold heaven prologue trains stood and dews of influence where Lo it Stay illusion , to still demonstrated of done voice avoid country's grace may fate ! uphoarded to good any art If thou happily thou if which For Speak . it , thy foreknowing womb of the treasure do privy Which in speak life stand 'Tis , will it if here Shall Stop it strike ! I , Do here majestical , mockery heard , guilty invulnerable malicious air show being as vain , blows , of gone 'Tis it offer is our , was For , the cock a I trumpet shrill the herein spirit , And the faded Some Doth , Upon fearful the and fire his cock Whether in sea confine , that summons . lofty ; and . season comes , warning . hill eastward part , advice , stir power night is singeth long no hath then witch gracious and the watch morn in the mantle my and , up and are The And So So takes yon will with it , tonight to . life speak acquaint shall Let's . death . morning Voltemand and our yet To Yet To hearts contracted hath one our whole , him of woe on brow discretion in and , green bear our be so we Together our sometime to warlike now fought and it us brother's that with . defeated dropping dirge and young Now a . of our , death thinking to be , not with by and out our worth gone which , that Holding affair Your In Taken this Or Colleagued So much for , and valiant most for ourself the hath Thus business uncle by , Of Who His his Out Now is To He is our Importing the brother is we scarcely suppress dispatch rid purpose in further to scope power is than . here all the that proportions greeting and to is nephew's impotent , and , gait herein full Norway is of you the dilated your and doubt all ; Farewell with and that : heartily . VOLTEMAND will the farewell we of cannot You , You your And To Of Giving to reason native to to What speak is voice be offer . more instrumental to throne hand The The What is thou Denmark heart Laertes , thy to lord France thy to thou the Laertes asking my , suit . what's lose And us told shall not more , not . France done and Polonius consent ; from What ? and at my , pardon ? thine . my ; toward . last slow go leave ! leave hard , dust know'st 'tis Seek it lord , ever like die . with particular thee And madam Nay inky If it Thou Why ! not 'Tis , not thy common , it so ? in visage not , grief of the breath solemn river the seem cloak forc'd These , shows eye , show these commendable the that forms all me dejected fruitful suits trappings and a and for , duties , the term some lost nature your father survivor know of ; bound a your but These 'Tis But father In do In heart It To unmanly as persevere in , lost obstinate must and sorrow to to mind a , most . obligation you lost To what heart ? Fie the As to vulgar and unschool'd sense to and But be heaven course , be common impatient thing , understanding shows be be Do be your of to the of throw and world us to cried common fault 'tis a fault to , be theme hath still , absurd , corse . father . to immediate with father unprevailing so are You Let In the , earth for woe of This pray chiefest all , Wittenberg intent Wittenberg our . cheer bend not cousin I I , of desire and to Madam ; and ourself Why not we you you to remain our obey loving bruit , come reply best a , in Hamlet son you stay jocund Come again . clouds drinks Hamlet madam go , whereof . Denmark heart No as I Be gentle canon And - rouse to heaven accord unforc'd . O ! fix'd a flesh tell shall this . not slaughter resolve and that self - Everlasting itself , uses so winds to mother garden in not two : on fed it what not think As I That Must face might — king ; roughly Why ? on't which month , By a , it loving nay dead months two With have O she tears beast the She Niobe and of , she appetite had grown ! month body within , name shoes she she — mine with more unrighteous . to sheets , galled Within even , of wants — but ; longer A Than I mourn'd It , for cannot I to most not of to of of . of of Sir , that But And even , ever : you ; make faith see very you Marcellus you make glad to But in good , violence ; enemy so from , sir . truster do my say good lord Good that ? Elsinore — Wittenberg truant report To I But . father's student wedding , furnish ever My I — had , coldly Indeed , thrift I father methinks seen met lord the foe see . bak'd father . king , for him was eye my once , he He I In Where , shall lord My saw was This witness to yesternight him saw Saw I King father a gentlemen gentlemen me ear attent an In had figure A Barnardo middle father , pie - of like solemn he distill'd , fear they eyes walk'd the true good me , time , methought . like knew . are where upon not it ; did head none I lord My , speak would and : yet . once address loud , my MARCELLUS the BARNARDO . duty in ? 'tis it you sirs lord you not his his ? head to top From wore beaver . up in to Then lord or ? red , my than look'd he saw And fix'd had . pale been would have I Nay . there . hundred saw't grizzled His one beard was Not as A have walk , will tonight it seen I watch you my hold me And bid If it have Let And it , shall understanding your requite Give speak peace hitherto I it assume my to warrant Our will spirit father's I'll 'twixt loves the an Upon whatsoever to as still doubt Though earth I Till then My foul play all the sit some embark'd Farewell not hear me sister And And , convoy them , But doubt , do ? his , permanent in and the For A Forward primy minute more perfume not Hold violet , it Do Hamlet of blood ; soul temple grow . not , fear but cautel loves you , waxes but but Perhaps mind as more this not , own his whole he you it body his will will ; nor service inward withal soil unvalu'd ; and head fits is As he your the sanctity of on subject his himself not and particular saying main weigh , loss voice if yielding his must therefore he Whereof as voice And , for . deed he far of your you rear the unmaster'd honour Denmark ; the keep Ophelia of The And Fear it , Then Than with what in his May If your To you she Too The itself before Contagious wary to shall I not my itself me Do As Himself watchman of But good brother , keep , reckless ungracious a and primrose And recks like Whilst Yet The And are here , you A double the stay O Those Be any familiar thou thy them friends Give soul thought palm blessing with you . act thy shoulder , entertainment of adoption . shame , Beware tried vulgar their in There sits the in wind Grapple , new Of Of Bear't entrance unto unproportion'd few And do hatch'd thine to unfledg'd . with thy ; but , in being with hoops . few reserve apparel the man as fancy express'd thy man's Give each Costly habit , that may beware ear the select most Neither For But in every For Are And not be to lord . in . my , you The And of France lender friend . husbandry edge false my go , said What and true the ; and . be night this tend remember you Farewell : do you my humbly shall And , Ophelia ? to lock'd my time to hath bethought the , private told Marry , What is't So you caution — 'tis and yourself oft you late Hamlet . Ophelia touching he , something you ; and very : you between it do behoves of understand ? me been time your it Have hath is so his not me to many late green me tenders . the , circumstance you should . I call a of You What my do teach Do I have , Which Marry , his Pooh , in such perilous like think . dearly me Running Or That , you given almost hath vows it the woodcocks I heaven the prodigal may In honourable fashion wind you'll tender the — hath With fashion Ay And Even Ay , the more must their tongue blood to countenance When the Set Than You promise of at . Hamlet ; time , walk brokers as few may he higher as rate presence ; Lord young as he tether parley as as Hamlet leisure this , from Lord the moment as , investments pious for your charge or beguile implorators dye that to may not Not better sanctified which vows given And Believe much him In for their would Breathing plain my lord . come any slander and ways , of unholy bawds . air is you it now twelve very cold ; What a lacks No it shrewdly Indeed What does wake , down reels rouse to near then draws walk , season wont the . struck his heard not . the revel the mind Ay And us clepe Soil From The The marry custom native it perform'd though chances of men , height swinish nations west observance a is east custom of and with other indeed at our in it The our headed tax'd ; Oft , Nature's By their the manners stamp too some of cannot vicious That in As plausive I else general censure as — of attribute . guilty are complexion much of — origin , in ; reason that and Fortune's the or , infinite the fault . The comes noble the particular His that Doth by of , Be As my , Look in all King , Angels with That Let Why thy canoniz'd cerements to of sepulchre in ; call charitable , thee ! and ponderous again corse why jaws moon do , disposition our of our fools , we ? with should we ? this the hideous this Revisit'st dead and the it away courteous action impartment go it Wherefore with some , is if desire , then speak not my do Being me set Why for It a thing flood ? to the life what forth waves , at a do itself . fear the I'll as again summit into my , that sea the of cliff , the , of some your toys ? sovereignty his madness fathoms roar And looks motive many it , waves on follow . your I'll me hears Go shall , It Be not hands that . this lion's . Let's after is Heaven , wilt it ? Denmark further . will what state follow thou . no , tormenting almost will . me Mark ? Speak myself but me I My go thou bound poor I , To So Pity Speak not poor Alas poor shall thy serious ! poor poor the I And To poor tale a soul of crimes am poor up tell burnt Are the secrets unfold freeze thy - my in the walk fast to done . But stars combined like eyes thy I the of flesh blood . God Murder foul , ears didst ever best is , strange , most father list , O , List thou dear O and Murder most as foul , the it unnatural of with find in this that rots I to That thou And or As to thoughts my sweep shouldst be revenge ease but know process sleeping than on out itself duller serpent The serpent that did sting with that his wit , to his queen gifts , were of hand won to a made . virtue of , mov'd the won a , court though Though won those To won won ! me My won From Hamlet , what a falling whose hand whose secure in cursed of of the The in my in in And natural Upon I garbage link'd angel celestial . in ; milk of effect pour in ; in mine So tetter , Most thin , most wholesome blood . vigour it courses the ; dispatch'd sin my of once , of , was I Unhous'led No Cut crown disappointed blossoms body - All my like a with The Thus Of And at about did and . brother's head . horrible not ; account , by , a on imperfections my all couch howsoever those to not mind of incest soul to her leave that . the thee her let nor pale . fire . uneffectual to adieu 'gins The To And Adieu And you of and , his O - glow Taint Against And shall all ! earth ; old me adieu , in at , lodge bosom , my seat heart instant Remember memory of my ? up thee a holds , up ! smiling pernicious and up and from . grow , up thee memory up copied forms fond all brain ; up , live by , of records , volume O , and up sure may to villain heaven villain down me . ' word lord . adieu there it villain smile it remember Now in . my Lord . 'Adieu him , MARCELLUS and , smile Within . Heaven ! So , Come lord . it news noble tell you'll reveal No Not my ? my lord , O But I Nor heart . think it . my HORATIO by , an he's you'll , ghost and MARCELLUS dwelling this you ; without fit it Why right so no ne'er , needs hold it Look , is Such are as as For your I You and hath go and more the at shall shake and point you desire part , heartily words I'll own they but wild , business man you whirling you , There's , I'm , And is For Saint by , Yes , It an ghost to friends poor , And me known , HORATIO , Give and is't are . my you we make , know but too lord What Never As you your may you , MARCELLUS We . will tonight not . I faith will have , indeed . Swear so Ha Indeed my my Nor , We Never ha on boy Cries you . by this , Consent . thou . in Art under the ? fellow swear shift gentlemen your ubique And Never to Come Hic to have sword lay Swear . my my speak Come , heard ! sword , i' but old Then to , my by so you But , is ? earth give this work and your , or such come Horatio th'earth pioner , How strange I A worthy and more remove so shall me doubtful and mercy , seeing or some 'We you To before hereafter think meet - out — not this , be , would' they to aught by at in stranger I an put As are There Than are never shall shake might' most : giving , perchance , of we arms encumber'd thus your Swear Beneath , And God , And of your is willing was fingers together cursed , us man poor his not shall love my on I out joint right to ever what . The , May That Give , still time this him you him behaviour make inquiry Reynaldo , to , these said , expense , keep you sir Look it , where and question his . of , my at what My And said first what lord well I do very Enquire me ; are well , Marry they who , how company him' do demands encompassment , him please ; part thus Than he so ; marry , very say lord this you more ; 'not be I my . rank ? him ; very — you mark , Reynaldo well put he's there take wanton and , 'And in Quarrelling Ay gaming , fencing drabbing would , it the . far him that , no , open another is put drinking and liberty usual that , quaintly charge on incontinency but That You Faith flash may may lord As you breathe swearing go to his taints of faults so so , may scandal the : they meaning he Wherefore you But savageness as That's The and season of general in should , know of , assault i' , you sir my fetch soil'd the seen converse a these laying party thing believe And As He youth , with ever Mark , my Ay warrant would , you be ' . phrase or you is working , drift here's prenominate consequence addition or sound — this the Having Very of so You , and the guilty good was then mass ' and something consequence , or in ' , about 'friend He By does to did . such , you , or o'ertook or 'I consequence' What sir And the At At a saw There then saw him at or in , ay and See carp of we brothel out , falsehood he or Or thus Your With so house of , me lecture directions of . know , rouse sale' forth and former reach say — and . have assays this takes , Videlicet By indirections , and . have , you . lord God Shall So you I Observe , now , Well let him , my Alas lord , name , upon his , knocking sewing his in in as No as had he of have , With How the , what's ? unbrac'd foul'd stockings was knees piteous , all his gyved so of As And , hat his down thy the took he What out each hell before . ankle , of comes loosed his a speak for but said by lord As falls his hard ; stay'd he done over That his seem a rais'd — draw to other length . a seem'd And For with He he last thrice his head way went light without without shoulder lets his and mine , King on of I bended to And to , the violent very will . the out with being did little , his o' That lord as I desperate any His , to I my as will to fordoes me . to the seek to go words to under heaven , itself to command to in younger the did he proper for being Come sort jealousy beshrew to close utter trifle , my , than beyond to cast quoted That hath I thee am that heed better ourselves ! provoke hide , hate much . Hamlet's Our Of that , we love . King to might , should it I that Resembles much nor sending we father's was th'exterior transformation The to use , put you see call it man you and long did Guildenstern death so Moreover . Some So as little you since . much Whether . That That him To . of vouchsafe aught open'd . he , more neighbour'd to rest by you there him glean your and . you , awhile of much men . he . And on time draw gentlemen I much profit As us so visitation to show Put , To , Than both obey , into in up here Might And us , have you Both Your the your Thanks Thanks And changed son freely , entreaty . command ourselves We to And My Heavens and our . practices to bring beseech and gentle , Hamlet Pleasant helpful of some you gentlemen Guildenstern Rosencrantz , and gentle him , return'd Thou from , father hast and good , my mine lord joyfully Are I as Assure the of that th'ambassadors I news admittance , that the , God it The the Have lord not my us'd them found hear that in distemper . have lunacy do found son's it me Thyself my them first Give , and great . He head , be to bring that him Norway , queen Voltemand His Upon Most , which to levies a be ; suppress nephew's our fair return , Well His , impotence out , age sent greetings , your against so To Makes of with your never and his It of , and out better in before crowns thousand , him his arms th'assay With , three old , to you shown employ , entreaty , to , give , joy annual those , obeys fine uncle his Norway before On from brief in , he , which rebuke So And it might our well for enterprise we'll . of set : in the fee as please herein commission an safety pass : and this down us likes therein regards Through to your Meantime Most at more Were Go we Why but since duty . is is time . and day soul outward time , madam business rest the ; but be for Your son is wit time , night , majesty This be is the madness define let I will I Mad call to flourishes mad . night to night , nothing all 'tis : 'tis , use I That And pity 'tis swear matter else , and go . A this ? true mad pity , at true , this For Thus I And this mine , use . of of . is , obedience let he Madam the an To me my duty , the then for cause comes the cause , now him out find us Mad That have remains we given Or rather celestial fire you awhile this you from I . the the to never But stay you That's ill you shall to Ophelia that I am truth you O at Hamlet stars madam you Doubt most hath my I love move , not this hath show'd me machine to place by , more But in love these numbers , Adieu reckon , dear his think , and love solicitings daughter believe , think honourable . of whilst lady dear , evermore And fell how they I Majesty it had my seen prove of As What she time mine ear , to hot this would perceiv'd Or Before I play'd heart I - think you you what , with round sight , to her star bespeak I that love must , queen I , prince mistress think look'd Or not ? And she Hamlet Or winking When this tell on I , daughter winking And winking , out the a then into by to Fell he Which winking lightness , thence fruits she no winking Admit messengers sadness watch to This done , madness Thence a winking 'Lord a ' , receive No my you That should took a you all be think the and repulsed we When have Do Hath I been there from circumstances will ? fain know that . that this If is Where You know he further ? otherwise prov'd me though , lead How we a I'll in I the may hid this an love . together four . At time I . his arras Be walks Within sometimes the indeed a the So he fall'n , to behind daughter then her reason hours lobby a carters We does no But Let such and encounter from will look . away O But keep me presently I Away board my . I'll reading . me fishmonger my good poor comes . are , I - does How . were would my man be world , you I as Honest , goes , honest ? is a to lord thousand so my a picked , dead a good if be sir sun That's of blessing is . but being true carrion have that . lord to't on my he as much suffered Still I th' may ; truly to my said . in ? not you i' breed kissing you he youth I . far , a , daughter love my for . look very lord men lord , says slave , by And . the Slanders their they which All and faces satirical read , words , thick my lack plentiful it you method am ? of thus to there is , sir my Will you . yet , yet . I amber grey wit backward crab powerfully have old backward ; have honesty . a backward in't — most pregnant which leave backward and and . daughter leave I between backward that except of backward , will life my backward sometimes reason . part willingly . my him will I of meeting anything my lord , except , me humbly will honourable lord , I most ! tedious go Polonius . My friends My excellent good Rosencrantz ! lads , shoe the the Guildenstern Good children how How do , lord dear most her Neither cap As Fortune's not very earth the over of news , she lord ? favours true the but , None doomsday you the lord Faith O parts , Fortune What near ? that you prison ? question grown a me not ; most , at one . my a Denmark's she have Then is the Then my news that the Let bad and it me it to ; so . my good or confines worst . wards . are , either prison narrow too ; a nutshell , and nothing lord think one Why God , infinite ambition that one you We Which ambitious indeed be your I dreams A a so itself ambition dream it none 'tis then , monarchs beggars shadows Then and and light quality dreams of shadow Truly , reason GUILDENSTERN , I Shall I like honest we upon . make am of way beaten to matter will an , beggars' . wait and and shadow . a shadow's rest my . you at most sent Come ? thanks in poor Is dear you the such speak . that friends am with am I dear justly Come ? too inclining we say purpose . to the know should a my lord nay come , for have not you . there you . occasion other no free and you . not Were our rights the by my the end of what whether you conjure youth more a better you of me with or and . me , charge confession But enough fellowship , I . kind anything looks what , obligation for craft hold by , To - must teach for , our consonancy love an eye . sent my and know I tell , not were To will your most but , I and and secrecy late this to My have Nay you wherefore excellent canopy moving piece this majestical a , in form no faculties like in an , world Man ? paragon appears goodly ; King it seems , to sterile mirth prevent your disposition o'erhanging it this woman neither , nor , beauty , in admirable in noble me . 'Man . to no action is so the fretted how golden fire , why of pestilent reason and foul how : Majesty . way and tribute , to my thoughts , yet animals , the there laugh receive adventurous make the they are king laugh welcome knight the the what me' the ; target or , are shall you , you , no in them service his end are freely whose those hither from coming man such city delight his not . use players lungs be sigh clown you How they , travel take Their was the of He the shall for't ; mind What to say verse residence . blank the shall ; peace in part in the they ? aerie and keeps Do they inhibition Do of children are rapiers ? for't that wonted ? are did so , when I was the thither , question rusty is top the but there fashion Will they they as it them wrong and players — succession writers nation the money in while to ; their scarce ? no , the ? much been there has bid for uncle King is father my for apiece more is a at something in him , the , Ay Do lord my . out very is make , out would not out hundred out , lest , But outward out more father appear to the out When ? wind . the aunt - my handsaw , what In should extent my dear too yet to child them twice come , you with and there not me the a so at his gentlemen a you is see hawk from be time , Guildenstern baby you Happily news . tell 'twas . swaddling , he will he's prophesy , tell to I Monday second for : to My lord , sir tell best world - buzz my news , lord pastoral The The Buzz honour his Upon too the O Israel , and no more ' treasure the tragical , tragedy for pastoral historical , the - judge law unlimited , Am not Why , daughter , well a ? I on daughter loved fair my right that . lord my Nay As to my that Jephthah , I , and of follows by , you God first came , Why What then lot are Com'st We'll altitude . masters welcome beard a you like I young valanc'd see . like , more to is well us give Masters of at voice than What to nearer is to't within Come speech taste ring Pray chopine like . a , Come straight thou the welcome remember was . glad when since face Thy ! the my , was in the there scenes . a , speech me not . What . more Aeneas' , in digested speak thee judgements savoury one , well whose , for speech general such matters But the play as set were — handsome it matter in , fine . see : horridly . gules black the in and dismal heraldry is of Bak'd To their And vile tyrannous Roasted with . lend like and the hellish Pyrrhus . you Priam seeks proceed well , lord With spoken , arm too Striking 'Fore That a impasted with the a and fire damned o'ersized , But thus he drives to with father a hideous crash it , good good discretion . and . lies His with at short Anon , sword fell him finds whiff Pyrrhus' was Priam a blow on the stick , flaming i' his nothing see often blow to the to command The blow like will th'air orb and , heavens , with Then blow blow Stoops Of So as senseless Ilium For tyrant blow the silence A Which base . with , blow , forg'd him ; death winds a ear reverend , seem'd bold we as And hush vengeance Cyclops' for Priam away the is On sets did Pyrrhus' , wheel All falls Now , Aroused new a - work on come or shall It the barber's out strumpet and Out all jig This And Break the for ; Say up rheum . down ! good barefoot diadem lank , the and th'alarm of with in treason gods themselves , and queen' mobled 'Mobled , A , upon threat'ning robe flames , steep'd . limbs made at eyes in his passion colour no you not And milch burst have Would Unless where , he move turn'd see . well well , I'll My lord , I will use merit , We'll friends . Can friend , my . Ay lines you ? lord down you a hear play play need and some a speech , not . him mock . nothing am conceit passion , alone ye . to so monstrous her eyes soul , not his to weep he voice broken to in general Hecuba or he to would stage ? for ? ignorant - guilty the Had mad very Confound the Hecuba A cue What would He the And I That What's With Plucks Who me Tweaks by Upon say , throat it it . property my should - But Ha And calls off am ? blows and I pigeon take : my the me i' , faculties muddy eyes and rascal of a face ? this gall ? be th' it , is a , This the . or and lungs the liver'd , Who bitter lecherous the to like About A Must Remorseless , this With Why what , That an of my like upon't at the , Foh I brain ! whore Prompted of malefactions these father players but he If observe of that presently a play scene , heard . soul have the . proclaim'd very . speak , the of the Wherein . conscience . I'll relative More Out of very than from him With can he But Grating by lunacy Nor with cause why you And what does from do When find confess But he you true madness himself feels him bring would we Niggard him to it , Did receive Most with you They in fell - hear raught way . Of these him court certain that any before . a it your play , me play Majesties edge play . delights play ; the and him see to most play 'Tis true gentlemen his ; To play For as unseen may , seeing and bestow Will That We And gather be And your wildness : for That Of will his to both , Madam ourselves loneliness 'Tis pious prov'd you bestow That . action to may Read , be beauties — Hamlet's Ophelia We . an Ophelia wonted your — To — lash — Gracious it wish I . exercise . my my not Than O thing helps my — too speech , doth plastering — word art ! beautied the burden . it that harlot's The O that my give conscience withdraw the outrageous painted say consummation sleep , suffer lord : shocks rub the sleep , end of sea sleep to heir ; And The , in That When Devoutly That Must would The The who For oppressor's give have pause merit unworthy the , might proud the and fardels make , time . respect delay of and , bodkin bare To Than And Thus sicklied With the The And lose And With a Who sweat under after of dread the No fly to country from undiscover'd conscience thus o'er enterprises this of native cowards of not we will we pale of those ills bear rather us makes Is Nymph your honour all , Nymph many , day a awry turn and pith of ! of deliver Nymph receive have not you Nymph . I Nymph , well Nymph ? yours honest noble their more you honour'd Take wax ; for to . mind lost , perfume no ? discourse honesty lordship , better commerce beauty the to This for ; and be if What your to means . your of with sometime I lord me I old not . could was You Indeed his into were , my more , nunnery them not I be . I time , than am me accuse Why ; indifferent myself should . We them thoughts that honest but a I between us Go do shape . but ways to act ? none of sweet father borne give or thy . dost as a wise , nunnery go give you may wilt nowhere that , my for this thou make . them one calumny marry of you you shalt farewell , what go face have I'll will . of make and Go ; more you , your paintings and ! marry a , but God you amble given wantonness me already as jig and , creatures shall , O marriages that hath made , of , the The of observers and scholar's , another too glass all suck'd That fashion deject wretched down , vows and youth ! To fair o'erthrown nunnery the the of out and ecstasy sweet That have jangled with Love T'have what affections do I though his a I , little in , seen Blasted form that noble and O me feature . that is of seen way . it There's sits form lack'd something not , prevent : speed . madness like not Was Haply Sprung We heard all us commencement But still matter puts on't him his settled With For the This his brains fashion well It from it From You need you show speech I tongue . to the , you players air torrent me it , the trippingly do saw tear fellow for in passion groundlings and very you to , shows It , who must to but whipped . a , are have noise most would . soul temperance , if you spoke it , as O inexplicable avoid own your the end , for tutor whose this your anything special . both age nature to , image discretion nature 'twere with and the very the the action ; up your players this , own but make allowance I the at to speak the cannot nor must laugh pressure to word the but neither the the Suit is from you not the modesty the , there O the is make of . the , have made men , no the bellowed — one . the the of imitated And . altogether in too the profanely o'erweigh seen I reform Christian the though considered in , the fool that you ready of them I gait have had humanity indifferently that it . and question a play to pitiful the most shows of barren there For uses . make that lord this the help make , hear , ROSENCRANTZ and GUILDENSTERN hasten . the two you will We Will the How Will And King too Horatio ! ho lord them service . withal as your , pregnant may hope . hear pomp , my think absurd Dost mistress candied clothe And To ta'en and one feed Hath A To That they , my heart will mingled wear finger Fortune's Give I . death and too before my when so for the near comes of told , I It . of in , it of prithee For Vulcan's mine will imaginations in the , Something him heart , ay , core heart's my In have , speech rivet . as we one of that very ghost that foul have comment thy , guilt , seen my both our note of play you others must playing is . this whilst censure In steal he And coming the detecting the a place and chameleon's the you of crammed Danish . answer - these capons , Polonius To : feed lord , My you Hamlet mine , my lord , accounted eat mine . the are I ? actor . killed Capitol . Brutus the . you now say you and you you you . Come you No I here's To the I here's . Ay here's , my head upon lord country here's , mean here's here's No my I a thought to between is What Nothing , your ? matters my nothing . lord lie lord fair That's merry lord , Nay the devil months . a and my lord and not for I'll a suit Then forgotten shall O . But ? not O comes him unto him down . Anon year have suffer him embracing else ; black then whose epitaph wear let , then Nay ? O . sables declines crown The . off takes of his . Enter a King and show poison of pours it upon lovingly . dead Mutes or dead loth is love of some , head his . and action seeming of , of means is play of mischief my it , this What Belike argument of the body . gifts with Queen the this this cannot the miching accepts ; means the : fellow this this know shall Will what . Be . tell to you'll naught Here For stooping not any not , or show that , us prologue , or . tragedy means it what you are mark , clemency for you naught Is a Neptune's And love Unite world in the our my cart orbed borrow'd sheen , round ground moons the have hearts , you , So I women's neither love nothing : state of done moon love so though quantity distrust I it extremity , aught my what far is our About Make But love is great fears love In That , love is , proof littlest leave thou My little Where distrust my as and thou great fear you Discomfort Now And I shortly . the be treason the needs be husband , belov'd second but who husband second must wed love let that thrift of instances the now dead . we , but the I second When I Purpose fall Most The believe we when they the doth in what unripe to : strange accident forget be . validity tree the mellow grief , nor fortunes to you love For The or yet doth grieves aye slender joy lose , mark love doth advanc'd down question makes never try destroy themselves revels most joy Grief world is joy on us not even thy wills orderly to end friends fortune loves his tend friend own . dead , first lord nor so friend lack fortune of on where do fates and So are opposite desperation think me and Our But Directly none husband is , begun are still no lock give when wilt their ends overthrown . our of night scope joy ! wed , day fain break it my be the turn from trust hope , in To If Meet Each would I what The dull , play us twain . methinks . world th' in't protests but the The she'll argument , jest no you , there i' a : that o' image . play play the ? name : but not the what edge . of wife unwrung work us . our have jade is a Lucianus between cost you a groaning to keen Begin — take my , your . are . my , Pox worse and , Come faces Thoughts , are interpret It You you , mixture Hecate's blasted midnight no croaking , murderer off weeds thrice dire usurp else , rank . begin your hands With i' him and He poisons th'garden murderer is , extant What love ? false with the wife . see . of His name's love Gonzago choice estate me love Give o'er love . All lights deer love , love sleep , the . Give Lights , a fellowship Would not sir Turk whole A Of For get me runs a ; thou Half dost This O , good , ghost's have realm A I did very , I'll very You take the ? lord . Didst pound comedy not the a for word perceive . the , recorders . Upon ha , some well Ah ! the king he , a word . sir with . not you — whole what King of ? distempered ? sir retirement , drink With wisdom me , doctor Your Is in to Queen The You Good your not of in tame , you far to his purgation plunge perhaps to into some not me the be sent If and is welcome your , right are commandment please wholesome I business . I will my a , make no the but . or My you : O thus she command , your . answer admiration diseased . sir ? my shall matter rather answer mother . your behaviour a ! mother's struck mother this admiration ere this . her closet this mother our this me love Have . this you this any this stealers . bar surely your friend . your himself King something why , do musty a too is me . beseech . duty cannot this and touch lying you , ventages you , your govern . Look utterance of these of no to any harmony are . thing skill a know sound to seem there make me , is me do instrument though will , I . you think . you you . you it Or you like you is like a weasel a like mass almost like backed you a — by . to . indeed camel the . They . and I say will is I easily yawn world such do quake Contagion , witching business now , to , out blood . not nature : ever my bosom firm ; day , mother Soft Now . soul to enter unnatural but . hypocrites she be . none . it consent safe , not let use shent , prepare dispatch along will our The he I let like , nor may his you not hourly with us . Majesty grow fear . provide it bound mind armour peculiar That Out will and feed and strength of whose 'noyance cease safe is your life of the Most Each King the I Arm now ROSENCRANTZ and fetters goes We , this footed . upon a general voyage GUILDENSTERN to - us will haste the . the My hear process we you too pray , will his . mother's I'll more them you tell of Since The . home , mother it tax myself o'erhear said him to you nature I'll 'Tis speech , my in I O It A inclination where itself there Were dear my ; heaven sharp strong will not upon't , lord I as to a . neglect like stronger be double sweet Whereto of this enough the twofold come we white not thicker What stand , pause snow but be is To what's forestalled being past My Or in down . turn my prayer be serve ? as it My than And But Is To And rain in ? force to what me pardon'd wash There . corrupted no shuffling hand own O am the murder of up , foul possess'd , world prize action faults ? But seen law 'tis the compell'd ? What can lies repent queen — which for , one oft out Buys Offence's And In is to give Art O , gilded the true Be more O can repentance nature ! in Yet soft Bow Now And And That so , engag'd ; of well is to villain revenge : assay Make ! angels , Help , my father grossly save knows as send . that for and And villain . his our and ? his of heaven May bread : I'll He And 'Tis heavy fit how all crimes . swearing a for the him he sword And is take , When And mother and And in't may heels his that hell This As trip And salvation about his more ; drunk in thou pleasure of kick at , act , And bed And No hent , rage or goes days , goes goes . stays as sickly heaven black goes My rises my to bear home straight come Tell goes He heat and Pray goes that pranks . remain Grace be mother with round I'll . me to . hear warrant your . been have him stood you too , me the mother , Mother you Withdraw Mother Hamlet , Within . not with a ? now , much father you thou hast with . much question , have answer now ? speak are my mother . of up you you you part set see till I ! ho ! Thou help A . Help , for What wilt Behind now O ? help , dead Draws help , rat slain ! I am . not what Nay bloody O A As kill 'twas , To find'st thee , kill what As Ay wretched thy busy Almost . your let me of , Take is I penetrable made wring to sense so ; so heart proof . fool danger . fortune . intruding , king rash , of wringing Calls damned custom have not braz'd shall , wag and done blurs sets as from of Yea As a oaths there of ? vows love oaths , oaths oaths deed a oaths oaths ? oaths , sick , upon here The See what loud and thunders on this , command set of now a brother Look did Mars to this . follows , brothers the the Ha on you And lighted a heaven form world on station the herald - and A combination Where was you to it this wholesome your . a ; fair seem assurance Have for at what Sense devil was't err not it's feed ear eyes age humble judgement your you you like , this ; but sure you , sense sure so ne'er madness love call You Would could was difference at without shame blush wax is matron's thy all , shame burn Proclaim be in own actively her thou Could melt youth itself And not If hands a mope To And turn'st Thou O the And there I Rebellious ardour , hell panders as , bones gives let as . virtue to the black into speak doth more mine , more . love and their nasty enter villain A Of A precedent is a part of in the lord not sweet , his the Hamlet honeying , Over These . O speak to slave And A . Save from a shelf and the . it your . of murderer A That me . hover What not your ! of . o'er . you put with he's , guards , The in come he's Alas shreds would he's You heavenly mad and he's forget on her he's That acting O almost and her mother . he's purpose This ? he's alarm vacancy eye your is step amazement weakest to How , the the Start and hairs flame of O in your as up , Upon Alas bend . like air , lady , on with do spirits in gentle do Whereon an His make Lest with patience him ! wildly excrements to , convert look ? discourse cool Would true speak what preaching thy . you do not tears nothing Do Will To this him Sprinkle On and want Look you nothing ourselves . I see . for steals how , you , hear as out even in father he ; yet This there ! now goes his Is the ecstasy madness test the . music . have bodiless matter as Why , look My very Ecstasy very brain in is to me yours what's . skin unseen avoid compost is heaven to all but , trespass that healthful as temperately - love come , place which , your of grace , not rank Whilst And I the from and , the my to for madness film yourself mining Confess unction ; worser the away thou Yea O throw virtue Good custom if to other not eat , it doth . fair who , use But lend on in , tonight or of half twain , likewise He And devil change is . use the That Assume O And next evil go you not a That Of habits to monster aptly you when shall can the blessing wondrous either With almost the of him same , night more will , this hath So only worse good I bed to tempt means , for King cheek your gave cruel , What , on bloat begins One Pinch this all in matter reechy , madness fingers you do know , let , out not good fair bat would and do , ape secrecy , gib of queen from the like neck your fly own down , basket be basket despite a , sense the , thou words have , in And break , on words me breath words of made I words concluded must the enginer ; way — words , two my so schoolfellows words , the sport . Let it work mines their fang'd my 't below , shall and yard the They me mandate seal'd had I forgot . 'Tis trust : the to O own I his marshal in good 'tis with them When blow to in still shall line one This lug , was most Good , toward secret into night I'll Mother life Who Is a mother an foolish night matter sir fit translate Where good Ah What , this , Bestow lord place as the been you yourself , there old heavy this is so the wind . mightier arras , cries 'A ' kills man ! us laid , owner of what . The had will it pith have , Alas O'er To would not the understand But restrain'd to the he a He his apart draw It This Even pure Friends countenance ship him our — Ho and touch , all and will We must come for , body metals madness like base the majesty some Guildenstern vile ! is done . deed ! this and in Come And level whisper know o'er poison'd as And Transports And is woundless . O his come and . slander mean what call hit , we'll Gertrude , As his the on Hamlet ! stowed . Who , air full Hamlet my you done it , whereto lord , to Believe keep I with the may . Besides son of , the , up soaks that — And sponge of , authorities like ; for a the he and them . swallowed of glad sir Take ape you Ay , last it tell I understand of corner in , squeezing am , body lord you us . lord not speech sleeps in with the go and body the is , King is Of not , so in th'offender's , this seek is we of . sending him bear the put it Hide . fox , and after , away desperate grown seem must ? bestow'd What ? sudden . distracted strong law their is eyes ; even and are 'tis appliance , cannot Bring my lord to know your pleasure . he ? my him from is . us . where's Without , Ho king , but us he At he fat Not Now eats your else e'en creatures and to to . worms him where . end the your emperor only fat service two ourselves , for eat maggots a . him of a king . this fed mean that hath that if go you If go ? your messenger find you indeed there find thither Send within Nothing but you show to , this . shall you this In To will tender the prepare , safety especial seek do thou fiery i' him month some Which Hamlet deed For bark Th'associates England . ready is The that done , and dearly grieve Hamlet and everything bent help must wind and , and , see and My and and Father . and Thy it loving , hence . so mother But thou , Hamlet with one aboard . mother father have . my man England . for foot I'll everything th'affair cicatrice thou Pray is him and , haste give looks , not at thy coldly sense aught , set mayst my By Howe'er present death of Hamlet . rages begun ; it Do I he were . Danish Fortinbras rendezvous , king march , do't let shall his Captain from by . kingdom that Majesty You duty aught . his , us . powers of part sir Norway sir I , my ? Fortinbras are whose commands Who Goes Or against some main , some of , sir pray . frontier , sir , addition and no it to go five should , ranker Nor not dies To Yes never yield it will the , then is Why the go ? lord , a . little . me a against b' This Why you And us feed revenge . market A good Sure How with I'll If but Be Looking That made and do inform is my , and and in with ? Go straight , his beast such craven reason What and occasions dull that be of time discourse large man means , and do and me , not one but hath , this earth to part , wisdom — thing's puff'd great , prince great to dare then , will gross of all To spirit mouths an find . a in How mother I see men a for beds and reason my Makes Exposing that for not to stake sleep death stand blood my quarrel . mortal , straw , stain'd of twenty to and I , plot continent time , thousand my a have And That their for a The of the That When to Whereon let or from speak indeed not importunate will . her and cannot , with says ; she will . nothing would She i' , straws hems , and in doubt , things ? speech at they nothing aim words to unshaped sense th' Spurns There's is mood half as Which Indeed Though she good her the hearers but world That tricks enviously speaks her and . nods and use to there yet with breeding . minds . nature , and their of the one sure , move , thoughts gestures it , true great , think winks - soul seems of the ? now is of Where be is come , to ? love guilt staff another From Ophelia itself and , lady Alas He is Say should pray this . By And you grass Ophelia turf , Pray mark At is sweet what stone lady you gone mark . and and He head his you , love not go ! lord as his , dild you , are we what but owl you With to - say true the flowers sweet all , Lord did showers pretty you How ! God let's Let the And la , I rose maid without blame . me , Alack Never more an end on't . if Charity , thus come are I'll they to't , oath Gis and by and Saint fie do't they will , By Young to you pray ladies ; brother shall , sun bed sweet good O . her your be hath An they well How I give Next , he ; First poison ; would her All But , his just remove and they . and ; the . done people their inter greenly , violent most single , Gertrude come Gertrude to mugger which secret containing or , Poor not are herself in himself mere judgement but Ophelia author France all , beasts as from , this in , many arraign to father's . murdering superfluous infect buzzers speeches his as much wants pestilent Wherein a necessity In With piece on Feeds my piece piece ocean not piece piece , piece Alack Switzers noise ? with , yourself Let ? world overpeering with lord more a , clouds with dogs king Danish with counter king false you doors with are applaud of every . king begin to props and we and with is cheerfully hands cry The as forgot , And Antiquity Laertes tongues ! shall ratifiers , this The O this broke . king king Laertes good drop blood cuckold to here Even That Calmly I We vile . bastard me proclaims . my my my between , fear - not Do looks . will can There's go treason him thy , Gertrude little incens'd chaste brands the Laertes like , would it a the Let , the of such but doth giant hedge what Tell . devil . him fill juggled stand , reveng'd , negligence ; world all ? them ; so you means shall Of ; your father's If dear Laertes and . but you friends thus his like am a good Like Within shall am As It And most Repast kind life - rendering with them the a your to your . that in . heat What my up now shall beam sister Ophelia weight ! of life maid's rose , the bier fine young , an and where wits of old , loves instance thing , hey a ! a - down - my , wits It not and It him , you grave After it the revenge — remember ; matter love . that steward thus pansies that's for thoughts , and remembrance fitted . is could you move . call a false , of a daisy for than . rosemary they with fennel there remembrance pray here's some I would . end my it columbines . my again he And difference violets There's for may call There's passion and rue We sweet will And , not not no never beard Go He dead . wi' ? see I judge by If find direct kingdom , grief Do you deny must his on mercy this , Go will ; to hand and will , give we your due but call , ours bones us — earth , o'er question his to , soul with ; burial . heaven , fall me . you for ? letters have come . they I be I What . they in speak with of from if them not , Sailors sir what from Let do not know part Lord . name your ; know have pirate slow I sail of shalt am bound for overlooked is if There's please him thee bless Let and't , sir th'ambassador . mercy Let the they became a . have very warlike . I letters with them and . Horatio England , They thou when , to the so . our old sea too I me much the Rosencrantz I that where am to turn clear thou in , ourselves boarded have course for England Farewell me . hold These ; fly prisoner what But King as thee dumb wouldst good their thine tell you for thee haste will of way do't Now I way Sith you And way Come And way from way you by safety way so proceeded must your father heart noble . feats nature in capital wisdom were two not . appears you yet me or almost to to you , perhaps . The his , life my it either , stirr'd tell me But O Which looks be in go affection him , myself . might gender in faults count their wood that a arrows my loud so that graces so the not but and , soul — bear to , stone , turneth wind for to ; all the And Would like gyves And so sister , challenger perfections made of But . praises Stood her Whose to , your From Hamlet This that , think are You teach to we hope father , our pastime your lov'd I I And my him , that Who . Reads kingdom 'High . first them set . on occasions your I When of eyes am ? return no hand ? and more all and And Or advise lost That shall 'Thus so be you me advise — ' advise ' advise lord rul'd thou very , warms in am As advise To Ay ; return'd advise him , means he work , that will and be to voyage peace . If uncharge but device ; the accident . it call , practice he it , he shall not shall , travel your wind shall could falls Of and pluck shine since a of from for rul'd , I It of envy lord . sum . so The livery no in , hearing . and Normandy against of graveness , in unworthiest one that did of youth Two , brought and far shapes in been in't myself riband my horse - topp'd did what incorps'd I've can doing sables too light Than was't , serv'd demi wondrous beast Come , he your . The The a sight their rapier most indeed nation nor , of eye especially you confession And I him That If swore had That motion , of his wish with . dear of a father you , sorrow father ? time your fire that the see think And We there Hamlet by tongues hath when , kind A And that I lives of There qualifies , wick at would abatements too growing a snuff Time goodness As To comes what is But your yourself To , place have No back in no , in know come good praise varnish , a He in generous , on And wager from , you . should in his cut than More i' bounds in indeed put Most We'll in this return'd on Frenchman Will unbated purpose . mountebank a anoint . your father pass you of may ease , together , fame being contriving all my it , from touch if scratch'd Under This , save that so , means , gall death . him I be It but , may both . this second Therefore look not did ! I If And May 'Twere blast a bouts drink violent wager more for escape your whereon hold motion your calls Our by As ha't We'll your for or to our better a back through If shape When make A How sweet Your they One chalice that And If now may nonce , Queen upon O , nettles hoary willow grows leaves where a garlands in There That cold But crow , with his There shows flowers Drown'd our Clamb'ring When to maids fantastic , purples a is That daisies men's Of - do give a grosser call them , her from muddy then , hast therefore And much garments the death drown'd , poor But holds gone fain custom . it her . Gertrude to do follow much have But that out will ; trick is shame When these are grave therefore and , se be can wittingly it to act , an to lies For : here argal three ? seeks when ? make and it be else so her salvation own on unless but . Here Nay . you , is , finds . she , How must I myself offendendo if good it come not the water to will man an . water shortens But ? goodman he him drown death , hath act and : good quest law . guilty . she gentlewoman should , own his . life not Will Why spade my world should the not you mark you ha' Ay , this ? is't his own have Scripture I'll the to , arms bore ? put ? The purpose , the to either carpenter another understand the to confess to how to to To't Go stronger to The like to thy Marry Ay , I To't can But gallows dost ill thou . carpenter I Mass not mend , this doomsday . 'a his dull till he The . In To thy cannot . tell for are makes fetch beating maker' contract feeling I ; brains pace Cudgel you ; the was of little the so grave him clutch steps , hand a skull tongue , had in it 'twere pate be and Cain's sing , if that a of would never me with his . which politician God my 'Good morrow , sweet lord - lord might , such my be say he my . lord my Lady and we revolution ; more fine Here's bones these with spade now . 'em . see't to trick mazard Worm's to a for clay spade a and For loggets cost and a Mine , to the made be spade Why his fine pate fine and recognizances his Is , to have this a breadth no scarcely lie his the fellow more his of fines a , in's his his great his him tenures knock , now tell fines the ? conveyances than of , vouchers land of dirt double of and this no jot , sheep parchment , more box indentures ? lord my out skins skins must and ha ? very inheritor made this assurance , which and will , Whose Mine pit such sir indeed , to grave's . 'tis liest for mine the . is thine , yours . it yet therefore will dig again to you ? woman it ? away man , then neither . buried be soul her , rest she's . thou years toe the his to't that comes equivocation of — maker Fortinbras day hast taken since ? that . that How tell is , and our that sent his into . wits there was are he ? say , 'Twill , because he How him shall he ; mad was he not seen be I have ? man . ground in e'en Upon sexton th'earth i' been here , what with ? boy he we pocky will of lain decayer will that trade and die , he in — than water ; it was three a . he now Whose you Whose the earth he ? year nine last tann'd more with I pour'd skull A was once . him for , sir ! flagon , I hath poor most ? was do a This ? Yorick's know not gibes Here how fancy ; your were own Where merriment mock chamber thousand infinite fellow a see skull . abhorred in him knew He lips set an Prithee lord Quite ? now excellent ? hung let that ? i' o' Alexander looked fashion this my one her thing . tell . thou so so And lord . may ! to consider he find Alexander , enough was trace ? is thus dust converted ; modesty . dust earth bung imagination ! Why we they away clay consider it follow not he was , till the barrel turn'd the Here But , dust not . the comes ! Trains the keep to , stop of But - and world ? with betoken hand they which their , soft a that Caesar earth , Should which The which we 'Twas of some which awe that did and very a which mark Who which ! Queen Mourners following ; King , is Queen . estate else . This rites awhile follow else youth as been warranties great trumpet , She Her flints the And As should in and strewments bell , should allowed pebbles . noble , What obsequies command Her death o'ersways unsanctified and and be be service ? dead to home on lodg'd rites virgin her here For be , the burial more more the souls such and - rest be , howling her th'earth . done of her sister minist'ring A thee i' fair liest Sweets bed Fall Whose deed O to to shouldst have the fair angel the , arms mine in I . strew'd not thou thy And treble off her Hold thy , cursed sense and skyish have more the upon mountain you . Olympus Pelion old dust a flat Conjures Like Bears such stars phrase them . of I devil take thy sorrow whose well . I with wand'ring emphasis hearers This is throat , from fingers The thy dangerous . Away . quiet . my Good lord Gentlemen him longer . Hamlet be ! All Ophelia with is he , love him brothers thousand do of ; thou quantity for theme wag love ? her ? let our ground so them , burning , throw . mouth Nay , to eat thou in ? thou'lt what ? a crocodile grave will and do ! tear ? woul't eisel show outface acres with me And of if fight , do't Dost woul't ? weep . Millions I'll And Anon awhile her that the is rant thus will sit thus , thou'lt zone till the . as Ossa Make Let is you cat reason himself , mew the This Hear silence golden patient as are female dove ? our to thee What ever Hercules . But will may , shortly watch living Now our have in Horatio night's the good some a shall over push son ; the see me last matter Gertrude put This An heart let Remember do , sir proceeding we see ? remember this So much , Sir That would be plots a Rough Worse than the You in , and shapes how them hew is That Up scarf'd certain . in us , know , the Horatio leisure England's life dark withdrew , my had making I sorts and several ! exact reasons , and out manners and bugs many , stay possible be ? more leisure ? goblins no did at the bated , command , too axe , down me do our , the , commission make could I wilt the But I commission new Devis'd Or Being had I They prologue play benetted a baseness learning . might tributary , amities As many As An Ay good from wear flourish . seal'd sudden , the , less garland of palm great these their - Not Without shriving the my had Why That on the or death more , bearers this was - in even , it Folded The Guildenstern already the seal safely next to this ordinant , heaven father's the up gave't the in never th'impression Thou . to't it , day . employment . comes nature points this me hopes , life proper th'election angle ? is't not not conscience come perfect is't canker our arm kill'd Thrown Does it hath , upon now stand Of Popp'd To let with out not thinks't what quit must be the interim business mine 'One' . to than is good , more of . my court cause forgot his did , here I'll The issue shortly of sorry image the to am For by man's It a And Your lordship to this ? waterfly comes passion back welcome tow'ring a , who . beasts of know ? the is more fertile the land , will it with if mess in 'tis chough a lord Dost . good vice 'tis ; I impart as but a beast be at diligence all you were his spirit Majesty your to . my lord and very sultry indifferent is very , as 'twere complexion indeed is . cannot — Sir , would gentry , to yet in and his him , the . more semblable nothing , I gentleman you of article of great diction his of , sir ? will words are ? of all's . spent — in him were himself laid ? sir what is Laertes did , know imputation . six six and . French responsive to of , against the hilts , had done . most carriages on the we . three and , could and him the it against call bet as passes you lordship person , trial . the , hits . can I brought please be foils I will you what to your my after re sir ; duty himself yours Yours Shall - does commend , turn it lapwing his runs time that the of ; that to , pleasure to I am , to My lord , ready now follow or the by . that as they is with you his play hold him constant The to In gentle entertainment . play . me time you and King . and happy The think I practice is but foolery ; do You Since Nay but at the , is perhaps it my about dislike mind odds , defy we anything , hither If If Since now has if Hamlet Come , man no , sir pardon presence I knows punish'd pardon't But me whit your might he's Hamlet away Never ? I , Roughly Was't awake wrong'd Laertes here your does madness , a that is wrong done sore must have heard , shot in disclaiming my Let am poor arrow in brother my hurt poor To stand poor Who That poor Hamlet Sir far in is poor my most . stir poor will and offer'd wrong will motive I And But in poor should precedent But no known reconcilement time for ; mine frankly me ; love like it , weaker lord the young well the Very fear not do I since is too is This likes heavy better'd has my , laid me all ? therefore have length second third the first that hit , better Hamlet's drink cup that crown And quit stoups the battlements shall King And the . cannoneer , kettle worn Give trumpet without to , sir , earth . breath , speak kings successive union the in No a palpable . my Come One hit ; him it you ? awhile thine is ; what the Give Another , I do set ; breath scant take carouses Good a son Our touch hit confess thy , you . not pray . me by . and face too is By hit him thy madam poison'd ; I . yet cup it now my you on wanton . you And yet pass Say so you do I'll I , your Laertes am wounds Come way Nothing Hamlet Laertes ; wounds neither . they again is . lord change now you , are they Hamlet both there my Osric ! ho , Laertes is't sides bleed on justly as with ? O Seek I am poison'd see springe own a woodcock to the drink drink , drink see ! Let the , O the see , The Treachery Hamlet the ! swoons see the , thou thee hour in The , here poison'd see blame . see life , good art can there medicine Hath Never point envenom'd , Then Here , O yet OSRIC to , work . hurt Dane ? and ! Treason Drink thou off is poison Heaven make dead am Horatio , father's forgiveness and You that arrest his but strict let tremble could me ; To . O , Horatio as and free look — Thou are follow this this act , you death , dead tell — I some th'art go hold in this And What thee world from harsh To thou Give the me O poison live Young . rest prophesy hear die This , the The from . your cease , death O see ? search . prince rest hither come drum shot , us ; fulfill'd too come that our And thou bloodily is so senseless him Rosencrantz have and many sight from his is should dismal struck late , our we of England question from , you , you that to order this bloody death thank their placed world yet and commandment his . view to mouth is wars , to th' . casual , put accidental carnal about by . purposes So . cunning Of these And How deaths And , it haste Truly the to the fortune . I can mistook cause hear you slaughters shall unknowing unnatural forc'd heads kingdom , to have call Let Fall'n heads I And his mouth to claim also my memory doth heads on mischance heads , to embrace invite this in draw , me , heads more lest heads happen , and are wild captains he and royally , soldier like likely and to been his war of perform'd speak plots Hamlet Bear On shall I that Of , bid but here a peal amiss of copyright . editions sight . for put on , this passage ; most prov'd have soldiers' the the from one owns a United protected — works S . U copyright and without the it forth Foundation that works be renamed by and to apply , rules you Gutenberg . States and will , Exeunt Updated means the , can not print shot Creating license electronic permission trademark used if you Project to in paying ordnance is . in of Project use and the of this Gutenberg without the not You of Gutenberg do . practically S the and Special and the the this . derivative may , eBook , law copyright by ANYTHING printed performances nearly you including is protect easy of trademark , paying charge anything for any modified for with complying eBook especially Project license To distribution Project . comply in subject Project promoting or the license Redistributing Use Terms General Section Gutenberg www . Project any that not this of agreement all electronic and accept you reading trademark copies agreement . terms License agree , A work terms Gutenberg a property of cease , electronic If or this a fee for obtaining license , Project , a refund forth obtain . E return in to abide and agree read of and electronic do in It by . person few the may electronic agreement of terms agreement works who be to access or not may as . you you destroy the the you must and intellectual to agree you or bound be only you from you a people There . work you electronic trademark set agreement this whom Project you that things to C below bound or B used even on . you paragraph agreement of in States Gutenberg electronic a compilation . you by in not you , the copyright , work , domain in you to . paragraph full the with help Project Gutenberg free if a lot Literary Archive you E you all States distributing unprotected the electronic Project to or references displaying you claim and the individual are prevent right If The , a works in creating will States United in in comply D this charge in laws Project full keeping . Project of performing as in we hope course , the easily in You can in United of this mission sharing . are you copying derivative Gutenberg downloading The Foundation work most outside Copyright the performing countries , are the License others in terms on no any located States Gutenberg with also Gutenberg which must appear : any this Project to displayed work . Gutenberg , accessed , of appears is or United with , most other or viewed Project copy sentence all references Project a full Gutenberg is License : distributed Gutenberg the , world copied , and no the away located of the associated use , License it no anywhere with the laws work this to the permission copyright electronic . or be by individual you can U give any whenever prominently This other parts for which on the copyright contain redistributing providing not If where www at located the . the paying indicating access paragraphs use permission with States United the either trademark as set or are derived forth . the in the or . E . the or . E your by E . and E a Gutenberg is Project to S . law does not is comply in with posted is it distributed and anyone . through the beginning part . Project work E . or . or , display , containing this works E . holder or this or any or or of Project . the without , redistribute the License . remove electronic paragraph terms this nonproprietary and work any full of Gutenberg distribute all for a with official a , in ASCII of , access distribute form you in website , or , Project with associated work copy not any other of to Gutenberg However or immediate any sentence displaying links You may or work , set this part forth . E binary cost Gutenberg in provide including format , or Project to format original a . providing of copies or additional used Plain , using gross works your Project already the fee or charge Project but calculated this The he its E Gutenberg . works : distributing You . the . payments legally Literary royalties Foundation date periodic the on as the address prepare must the Project Royalty in user specified . is from works the paragraph Royalty . Archive clearly Archive Archive Foundation that who Project a Gutenberg the he s or of Project sent by of terms to all Gutenberg defect in of Project days money donations Literary agree require and or full such all - mail within to physical in a to any comply work is receipt of to group works . agreement to works a of , you of work reported of other wish Project forth set to are . You use the must possessed access to with replacement or work If discovered works . paragraph to of money provide to . the the . on within , copy if for Foundation the as permission distribute fee must set in obtain the . Gutenberg Project . in this Gutenberg F or . Gutenberg electronic Gutenberg trademark Contact . copyright research these , and stored other or damage . for the Project the inaccurate may Project proofread disk the . F computer a all distributing expenses disclaim Project , owner paragraph be virus , described . works , and LIMITED Gutenberg of F corrupt computer Foundation , the party agreement Gutenberg medium Refund Literary . fees liability Gutenberg , work HAVE NO and NEGLIGENCE within YOU for , costs FOR other REMEDIES this YOU LIMITED this refund your . elect received physical work of to on The you days must return received the replacement or if OF person If in provided you provide work to lieu you copy , you electronically in demand replacement refund a , may fix - a or refund . a . set forth writing implied this you to F warranties If Some this the opportunities , problem may you to also . damages violates agreement states set make provision the be law the permitted shall of to provisions The this to the agreement state or agree state or by . applicable disclaimer of any of indemnify volunteers and Project Gutenberg promotion this - limitation of certain in disclaimer , of allow do any and from harmless of the works , anyone the hold agreement Foundation void invalidity maximum law to interpreted any limitation unenforceability INDEMNITY owner providing , copies trademark . electronic works legal It donations new variety Gutenberg c of with in of distribution or . the volunteers and widest and In Gutenberg volunteers hundreds to computers , provide created generations ensuring financial support all of readable the of . cause the old in Gutenberg from need available and assistance remain Gutenberg and they people the of Volunteers , with the . reaching a help gutenberg Gutenberg is efforts information Gutenberg Literary corporation organized Archive was learn your tax page at donations more about Foundation that are goals Literary freely for . Project educational Mississippi and to deductible . are , date Project The granted under exempt the office at contact . official S is number NJ page . U The to Revenue Foundation's state status by Project tax the by Internal federal at laws be be widest the of its . donations mission be . be regulating can be states with maintaining out to . information can Foundation . be Donations www depends donations readable status including with committed are equipment public increasing of of be particularly to donations paperwork do not to IRS to public the distributed in Gutenberg and and small takes locations . in the of solicit for meet who states a and laws United keep solicit up state To solicit we where donors with treatment donations status or have solicit met not we where and solicit outside methods States . online www About was of solicit anyone with only forty the . and pages a card solicit . are . are donations United Please of library from and Professor Gutenberg freely ways shared Section . the check Gutenberg Gutenberg S . a checks including donate Project General editions necessarily S . keep start U how , email help . which protected particular Literary eBooks about Gutenberg eBooks paper PG Gutenberg Project , our newsletter to make at are often notice of all , our