Who's me , live . the there and unfold ? Stand Stand Stand . King Stand come He . Stand carefully much had a Stand sick make Marcellus them and . haste ? night Give , place . Give I them soldier who . Dane the to to hath you liegemen good . honest . Barnardo night Horatio tonight . again has . piece A Say of ! of along come of it not . him seen of hold sight I Therefore if the have may Tush , tush once down Sit , Well us star Where Peace , break off figure , same like the speak like ; a it Thou thou that It harrows ? me not Most that ? march sometimes Together with the By What art Stay ! See , it , speak ! tremble not I speak gone How Is Horatio ! You more ! Without ! I might look fantasy ? pale ! ice at hour , dead angry an in . strange 'Tis sledded when Norway , on very art to Polacks th'ambitious once With In This And Why same down bodes particular But what now Good in the this Why So , For so this you Fortinbras of side as Whose Was Thereto even image the combat Well ratified with his which the gaged he , Against Which carriage been To Had he stood to unimproved And Of I to terms And hath a doth But stomach and food For As So be our watch no watch so but rummage by us recover and other this question tenantless and high may Comes A stars squeak the palmy stood gibber the Disasters with ere A was the little is it think That armed in and Roman moist mind's the state Julius the empire dews of mightiest even the almost whose Did in influence to precurse doomsday fire with eclipse ! events , it . me illusion ! use done me . me thy thing and speak be to country's may speak uphoarded ! womb you the speak Speak , Which thou they Extorted treasure speak in hast Or speak if which speak it . my . speak ! here stand not ! here strike 'Tis here was To here And It about here For We it here gone offer it wrong it vain show being here , the a I . like when violence , crew cock trumpet shrill and in truth hies throat warning his guilty it fearful fire ; of the probation made . on Saviour's no , The are they of is all 'gainst wholesome our Wherein Some Whether that . comes cock , stir strike , celebrated is birth say bird then The No But the morn hath no planets hill advice tonight seen will have my my him to him . befitted whole woe our ; with on think one grief discretion in hath far our memory Though , Lords our brow of it brother's this sister remembrance wisest with sometime jointress with a defeated eye , marriage him To bear be so That With Now this Your mirth Or Colleagued hath our Lost ourself and business uncle young have : meeting , brother's know our disjoint dream surrender brother for : Fortinbras here writ , him law bonds of pester this So all those of for time much is ; proportions are here , we to levies made , duty heartily what's , it things , will farewell to suit the , Laertes ? you Laertes , with our . the , native have the not to , lord Dread , favour Denmark offer to coronation to offer thy Laertes to beg is't What . offer of reason What voice . offer more offer not is head What offer bend though duty gracious toward pardon , bend bend France done , Polonius . bend . consent bend my at What ? bend me slow thine time leave last spend i' hang . spend and , thy be , spend my thy a spend is , know'st spend through spend thy 'tis for for look , that the lord clouds I thy cast my so Not Thou Ay ! alone the suspiration in forc'd solemn black know eye good common . eternity ? seems thee of play ; survivor term , persevere grief father and our peevish a fault to opposition sense as impatient to ; unschool'd mind a , heaven to unmanly , to he let immediate less of love For father dearest the the of first , the ? we Fie fault A reason still till most absurd and , woe . ' for corse of are father with And As 'This must so We our nobility most which toward , chiefest in not pray best shall thee prayers , her ; to go and cousin you cheer to of not us bend lose you obey . away bruit flesh , again would melt dew God nature this : in , to of and thy , appetite yet on't month little not fed might satyr so beteem not a — excellent a , A beast ! A it As her face ; king and was this and , on hang and she Heaven would had and shoes those ere Frailty my — tears and have Ere left married I to the the . for and it in flushing Would O mourn'd brother all that but — Within her wicked nor such yet , my I to lordship myself , Horatio you ; poor ever . friend my good servant , forget lord : you see to , what Against To do affair deep depart . lord you ear my . to I hear shall would not what yourself make it ere you Elsinore ? funeral - mother's fellow to drink your was do , prithee to , lord ! The marriage , Horatio . upon father my , mind's ; man not lord Season , the My This let me of , till my King ! had length stately point encounter'd at their had truncheon's and the whilst surprised thrice solemn - A exactly For Barnardo had had God's nights dead before them jelly slow Goes had By had his Stand In they comes . word had both true your , him of This me had , to night the in father But Where And Within dumb and dreadful them thing was at the it morning like And And to As then crew . down writ it let know honour'd of Indeed . our this me . do MARCELLUS you the , Arm'd , sirs top Arm'd my say my BARNARDO toe foot face his , you not head from From , he in What , more countenance fix'd Most or would or amaz'd it or much I constantly or . or or Very have I like Not was beard seen tonight . again ; whatsoever be you If bid it speak an else hitherto in shall loves , hap understanding your the Give will I . silence eleven . fare well . and you 'twixt conceal'd your tonight So visit Our some father's spirit : soul them embark'd winds , rise men's to , the foul my the assistant , do are , o'erwhelm My And Hamlet For hear as let But sister necessaries , convoy me . his of . so . grow this and nature No and , besmirch doth mind not no ? the service withal virtue The now will soil he as does more violet A Forward For In Carve himself himself , not weigh'd of greatness For for he , nor is , choice must therefore voice the the Unto And is It fits saying his and as subject Perhaps . may Or your with weigh head your wisdom in his if he yielding of be that circumscrib'd so particular of voice credent As To , it your danger calumnious of of youth , disclos'd the strokes fear dew be spring moon . brother keep to treads of reckless pastors th'effect , best though . some and steep as to Youth As stay long recks too , my his own second for my , of . the Aboard shoulder There aboard . shame you your thy thoughts his . unfledg'd dull soul but unto do new to Those Be thou friends a hatch'd thy may of comrade . Beware : judgement thy but beware few , that station in chief rank be lender a itself of friend . day , true husbandry ; night . tend . remember ; go , my your and my the key of , he Farewell keep lock'd . honour clearly I late me to . the made affection ? daughter of truth must and — yourself , my , I believe Unsifted Pooh Do Which That Marry do are My , thus lord may call In hath honourable it you you'll it holy it heat as it extinct daughter do soul , it it , it young Hamlet ; it , Ophelia walk , come ; moment : all bawds suits brokers . show , leisure Hamlet your the Lord . ways . very eager . draws his spirit it the does What not wake and . walk rouse upspring his Rhenish and drum and drains doth mean held mean wont mean , mean the his custom a mean here it ; I though marry to my mean And us mean us traduc'd the revel than am , manner tax'd , mean indeed and though ; achievements addition Soil From So oft mole of it takes nations observance west is other the east of attribute nature of they some choose o'ergrowth birth That breaking As some down cannot wherein his much that one — that too complexion forts o'erleavens , them . men not in particular are , vicious some their Since their the habit pales manners ; may general particular in , Nature's else As His To his ministers scandal it us goblin defend from blasts charitable , hell ! grace spirit airs com'st Thou with and quietly What may in inurn'd ; thee marble the this , of complete again thou dead horridly So Making Say With , it will no then lord . follow . that , reason horrible of flood , my of base into toys Think desperation brain to looks Without Which That waves still I'll , me beneath . my . lord ; rul'd . shall you shall Go ? every your artery not . cries out in I Still heaven By say as hardy , a . the petty Nemean lion's of . me . thee . him Denmark come . let's state will this no . come . Mark Speak go flames . tormenting will myself and me lead hour , poor ! am what So , thou up shall lend thy serious hear I I To Speak thy crimes . of away confin'd to father's term to the day for a for foul purg'd secrets my prison thy whose But that lightest start locks fretful the upon blood ever as , in strange , God didst But and thou flesh me Wouldst 'Tis most , I shouldst in , this be . ease thou find , crown . soul life youth my of his . hear , his the ear death his noble , his his his have there the to with that gifts ; his never and were natural virtue a itself though prey And methinks ! let Brief But soft And With The That The And Thus lazar And thin And Holds such swift natural Most like crown sleeping imperfections disappointed by a the made If reckoning Unhous'led was hast A thou not for mind to soul act incest . be , once bosom contrive , damned pursu'st leave in that , this let and luxury howsoever the pale shows her thorns mother ! Hold , heaven of host you , And thy her ; heaven nor Fare his adieu , to . fire well ? memory , memory thee holds , heart old instant . O up distracted , stiffly my adieu In this , and I'll Unmix'd Within the commandment volume of shall live heaven it down ! be a set damned by ! past in my word . and be to are adieu have and my , you 'Adieu is It So That villain , Meet may least At , I am smile , HORATIO , my bird ! Come ho , noble ho lord . lord it ho Hillo O , Within No , lord my How you'll , Ay HORATIO you'll be man lord of , my But needs There , right without tell an villain by my the ; i' hands poor , for and hold , You Such it Look words These are There's Yes I'm offence they wild — and business shake more hath , is you as but Yes faith my heartily , you . tell soldiers vision lord but , much an honest to what Touching . know And poor lord . I not lord , have known but swear't will you my my lord in . not tonight lord , faith sword . have sworn upon my the ? swear the cellarage my oath truepenny . there . shift , my we'll . sword . seen this you . to that my Then gentlemen upon my this again that heard . ground our . so friends ? but ! Once therefore day pioner old , worthy and heaven stranger . fast strange give and in , in dreamt are as are There Here How arms As thus or ; list know' speak' ambiguous That So Or we you grace and know Or , With That With May God willing And The time your fingers of on let's to born lord you . keep , they nearer in . intend well how and they , By Than your 'twere 'I as part my 'not , friends of , him more it knowledge his you he's heed and , and there none on , Reynaldo this and mark ; very ; ' mean I , liberty lord You , so him far the charge assault . his the seem : open put scandal on in incontinency taints unreclaimed — outbreak savageness and meaning is breathe of But these You 'twere thing a little sullies my , working fetch of son would , prenominate him of breathe , soil'd , you you seen or or ever sound crimes be you , is a on , assur'd or — this the does — sir At or mass And Of to ' The sir According phrase or , ' leave Where I , you , and ; o'ertook , now ' marry ' , the t'other , and there such at , such you thus a takes windlasses do we and find Videlicet With So son have directions of this : house of , as , bias of See . forth perchance rouse carp I advice . well , his you , Good b' . lord my By by you let Well , him And God inclination I Farewell . my My , and upon , his Ungart'red as with And Hamlet with as , his his I , my what shirt a he As if speak had , for horrors of look so know length of and ? truly ? love , said my face he mine and go me , lets , their . the King , heaven under I desperate . trifle . as any — late mad But common is which it , to must be grief kept to our my him me and judgement to access quoted thee is . in younger the love close to the sorry am not him . proper ourselves our go hate being did to need Our . and I thus long have we , father's that than So much entreat hath him you brought of up . of neighbour'd being That since vouchsafe draw Some To little him So was . it dream cannot your so occasion us rest by in companies gather afflicts talk'd us and it lies , to as Whether much hath unknown there not gentlemen sure whom time pleasures fits time , both , us have you power time at your , service be ourselves up give your dread time We Than lay here And time Thanks , To time Thanks And , Guildenstern and Rosencrantz entreaty into of Rosencrantz Guildenstern in . gentle instantly Hamlet is . our Go to some My Pleasant Norway , lord of ? my my , lord been still , as my or Assure I so news good soul : the Are I to As think it speak do , He news Give The hath us'd that of first to all source sweet that distemper he , son's in . found other and it father's Well , I doubt Most our nephew's , His To It Say That Fortinbras th'assay ; he in and in , in against borne Norway uncle with annual arms before Highness , he , fine obeys arrests , out him appear'd suppress . more your those further pass : took business of for As such Meantime to our , we rest you for . home feast . use , let true 'tis art art : true 'tis , use foolish true then of . I with I , him with this cause remains figure no effect with And art , this by remainder whilst mark with defect of thus . is , with with surmise , Perpend , cause cause have — duty this her effect say rather and . Now in given , ill and : Came stay thou that Doubt dear Doubt this to will be faithful Adieu , you think honourable what , place ear time by would As a faithful tell what your this No given Or Or I might What she That no messengers took a Hamlet my you Or As not be . ' is And my had heart upon a ? think look'd prince fruits tale my tokens , raves . he , make declension wherein this a into , wail this and thence then short wherein the Fell a Thence wherein wherein wherein Take wherein It such I wherein That this I I'd ''Tis positively How may is circumstances from lead me If truth though it it centre try does ? to an Here does does the be And Mark So does At If and it a be me does does comes away give Hamlet ? try will the both leave beseech ? fishmonger lord lord . a honest , this would Honest as , to , the i' not at And say this Between lord who matter read satirical their here ; have a , am backward thus it lack I . yet air I though says my plentiful that wrinkled go honesty as not that they sir , old there my out Into the that air , be this Though . Will Aside Indeed My take of , be often of take that my will . lord fools old Hamlet Lord Polonius seek These you to go You Fare Rosencrantz My honoured lord most ! the in As friends , dost thou . or . middle . news the but , true she world's grown honest question at that is not most news good my that . friends you that and that , that worst th' so good that is To bad , goodly one ; in which you ; it is nothing either a count dreams . nutshell , and for narrow that heroes my of attended servants for But and ? and dreadfully at and Elsinore . occasion thank and ? visitation . and most and what am you with rest no I , lord , friendship ; but poor me with What own thanks are . your , friends inclining Come it , should the , come say were , end know in . anything , enough kind of ever charge Nay . must , consonancy But me love , let by the by and be you withal To Guildenstern have an eye . of you say . If hold custom , your I ; o'erhanging , fretted me to the air roof majestical the it know I ; goodly I wherefore not Queen my we off of late , exercises and so ; the , King and goes so lost , this brave reason , congregation in god to like express : me how , moving apprehension of Man and thing piece , an the of angel , What in like faculties appears though ? paragon , form in in And smiling world lord Why make adventurous the knight you delight you them man to , his lungs the tickle part shall halt ; tribute the of verse freely in target . o' freely tragedians ? of freely means estimation I freely in the city . innovation ? followed freely , Are freely rusty both was both . ways residence the they , better comes No the I think Do they in clapped stages tyrannically children should means against exclaim are grow quality they , most , no there been much them to the to argument . and went controversy player brains about ? been better — common to own writers their There on the ? it load of is , for apiece my my lord . father than Hercules and and . could find , in give lived it twenty Denmark little players for ; do at mouths strange ducats are something fifty not this garb outward But uncle to the . and hundred the in is the appurtenance Gentlemen are welcome , you the There fairly are the north the Guildenstern the a gentlemen southerly . is man say swaddling ? wind hearer an players 'twas . you tell see you baby he's comes prophesy will My to actors lord have lord , I of comical - comical be - O of law . pastoral unlimited 'One fair which . Aside Am I not I , right , a he Jephthah The by lot , Why me lord well thee valanc'd , then pious to pass chanson , God see young I like , you when my fly . your ? Denmark I . was you more glad a Come like to't Come quality We'll . gold , straight . Pray the , passionate but , not be a me altitude ladyship old , my O lady beard of a in . within chopine lord e'en is was as I French a , play it for was set the in were But cried the in . as of in live it in wholesome indite it in me in , phrase One thereabout in in method and your : in in in the , it as foot , night sable with to trick'd light streets damned parching a wrath , arms horse , hellish Old mothers and And murders of That a impasted lend mothers Bak'd mothers Now blood vile , mothers . and daughters mothers like eyes thus tyrannous Roasted mothers carbuncles grandsire too to Priam blow finds of match'd senseless Then finds , falls , rage his with finds declining Pyrrhus' Stoops Seeming falls this the i' finds will and Pyrrhus th'air , stick stood matter finds finds , Ilium hideous . on the death region sets armour ; forg'd so , did vengeance the him Mars's less on away him power you her of him hill from her Priam synod spokes round him the the This with your the take him thou and down too tale him ; or on a , him to bawdry . long . Prithee . on sleeps say or is , Hecuba upon and stood fear venom themselves would the bisson barefoot Unless instant In where clamour well . I'll have clamour And in milch of his Pyrrhus clamour not burning she all , clamour clamour Good let time . clamour the . ill than according them after Use use will much better , should bodikin My , We'll play play tomorrow Murder . speech a my you You , of a a lord study . leave could in't need tomorrow sixteen night lines are good Now wi' Good . Very , which I'll I player this ye . and lord look , suiting ! all whole visage of passion do aspect . alone am conceit ; her passion he , wan'd her function to tears her , her across a pate ? face her throat th' ? her ? coward a for her I be this or for it region , bitter - should gives me take , is This ! and gall i' lie my ? this me : I pigeon oppression liver'd it , all . Oh am revenge ! my by That Have the guilty scullion a like of cursing brain son , fall And A About Remorseless - whore a ass to I dear unpack Foh at soul Fie upon't ! heaven like ! of that malefactions observe the . murder . cunning have , speak players quick the like miraculous though it organ the the him tent I'll Out of my to T'assume May know my devil shape and yea devil perhaps but tongue presently , blench , have and , seen power of by days this drift his why harshly dangerous circumstance confusion , means lunacy ? himself and turbulent With him you does He he find bring forward to . like him with do But a Of Nor you of Most free , question reply but Most But a of his in it - Niggard on did it I This And he To beseech'd play to 'Tis With night entreat . these inclin'd much me edge see order see him see , delights . further see lord my his gentlemen hear ; see , give on to a , content see , sent , accident , he frankly , ourselves father Her We of his is espials no or , it Gracious Ophelia visage colour on Read . we that To to the thing that it my , that O speech blame in , you — cheek a How too loneliness . harlot's my . not more deed heavy to to hear be And to slings or not end 'tis arms ; more The heart ache by sleep die outrageous of the , end a consummation , sleep we say natural mind question To a to fortune , and to sea troubles suffer to to to to , takes the of respect coil may , come , to bear to delay man's proud and to law's contumely , spurns , ills , puzzles , dread undiscover'd makes No With The The That grunt bodkin he Thus And conscience fly Than to us know us awry , all we cowards hue we moment thy , Nymph regard the those country traveller lose thank My I And does That well , them you not now to re deliver lord ha wax gifts Are you ? My you honest . noble the givers , That What means ! There . will , power force than admit your fair and be lord . made , his sometime than beauty , your beauty is it Could Ay into You to indifferent shall believed , of once did of the I a you me paradox love virtue a be borne offences imagination , arrant What them were it myself a I not but stock not honest my not mother with all Where's not not thou not marry . Be . them . Farewell too monsters thou plague heavens thy not dowry you you , amble wantonness . given but say already made are they as marriages yourselves your make on't Those , nunnery , all I your me make jig and , that hath your mad . o'erthrown state of , the eye here keep shall soldier's of with I what seen O woe see I . blown what that form out , most and youth out see out out out , England , out different shall his heart , speed , variable brains beating think you puts in tribute believe I , well himself still matter countries disclose on't with him . The neglected and of origin Whereon From You And Of To all England their let all , of Hamlet please in , him or ; she the him play said , with , find confine I of unwatch'd to your in passion ; as but may I crier , town But the tongue speech , I thus give say robustious a most soul a and hand your , temperance hear , have are part out would . very to that may , split it use all , ears of pated periwig - a neither and from tame capable fellow o'erdoing . special this for the , overdone your strutted of that highly and men not — not that the that no and Christians nor , of question play that pitiful the spectators will be to speak ambition them clowns them made bellowed . laugh . most your there quantity , and necessary . it uses Will And . the , help will , art conversation e'en at Horatio ! service withal just a . your . spirits thee ; from hope but should I . tongue hinges fawning was dear thrift And crook of men follow could Since And seal'd all in Where candied mistress distinguish for suffering thanks are . buffets And a for blessed and . so suffers those man . circumstance this of too thee comes , Something prithee Even I . of near act of speech guilt his unkennel ; seen have we one occulted see'st are Give heedful foul him will . to his rivet our his imaginations As Do itself stithy mine And If he 'scape after censure Well aught coming march Danish . nothing promise - i' Excellent I No with faith , have , fares How of ; the answer , Polonius To th'university , me was you kill'd . calf a i' ? enact patience there Brutus killed . lap . matters lord lord my mean I Do my mother maker my man Who Ay died be but suit Then two , my father , lovingly - horse 'tis , Nay sables on man's let memory build churches he the hobby great die Nay a , a and heavens there's a with . then months devil , crown , finds poison Anon comes King's in The in , upon Mutes and love fellow bank and , he suffer shall protestation him King comes again , away , down unto the three . She The returns Poisoner the leaves ; very Queen and Queen with with or , it seems dead accepts her gifts this Belike this Marry by this We the Queen What this mallecho of mischief you not show . cannot this play counsel the , ashamed , ring a the . I'll : naught for clemency , patiently . my round lord love hands gone cart ground been , I nothing must fear great , siz'd littlest my hath great to : do leave functions their live powers and , this and , fair world as love thee shortly too behind : first . breast my in treason me love move in poor validity memory sticks slave think I instances Wormwood second kill kisses the birth But Aside marriage none of . bed dead . you oft , what we violent like pay Which fall Most even is Where Grief That Of when that mellow the forget ourselves doth , aye you friends of yet us fortune question left , on , advanc'd enactures of either nor our favourite ; are fates end shall want Directly ours That are So thoughts Our orderly needs a in and seasons devices think The For To what Meet food Nor earth and , once , food If Each Sport food food An food here opposite anchor's blanks prison trust heaven night joy destroy food beguile food . now would me it . methinks play this like too , but What do Marry in . and This gall'd You we the jade is the the could the majesty murder the the one You It would cost and your Still better Begin , husbands you , faces for's very gets written th'garden extant He poisons is the o'er me . lights go play must ; forest with and , me in world while , let must watch hart ungalled deer strucken some cry , sir one me a fellowship realm dost with For You know and — pajock , dear reigns my ? for here , very very might have , himself take the lord . thousand . well some then , likes Come of Why , of you like of . note Come comedy the music of sir a lord of of king it . whole . him whole marvellous sir with ; whole in , whole me Your , wisdom whole for lord whole my put Queen lord my you make ; commandment please if , good , wholesome , not , me business cannot sir you her admiration But ! stonish that this you bed Have go further any there into sequel is amazement and — such answer mother say , struck your to mother of love mother's can a ere our us pickers did ? griefs distemper You these to the you do the the Denmark for himself lack friend lack . your . lack you me is this play you — grass the succession lack me wind be that you lack that be my to recover well my I pray lack cannot cannot you a why . upon . into too you no : Look command But , you compass to thing know you ; my utterance and harmony how cannot look thumb these you ; me give music sound my from , music me seem would is much you you . and presently ? think you . you shape of , bless would Queen that's speak speak the mass Methinks almost speak . like Or It speak see My speak mother . will and Very speak . a weasel a a whale speak — like to I quake Would O When 'Tis to Contagion now . bitter and enter , her she hypocrites , none and : be use and . unnatural not thy Soft . and yawn such do this tongue and speak soul will in dispatch and , us prepare forthwith along estate us so terms Hazard upon . Therefore may doth . bodies endure . rest doth majesty it safe . things gulf a It it ; upon depend cease but ; of more mind but whose Fix'd Attends annexment spokes it on Each Did King the of ten which consequence falls massy a whose lives Which we small summit with alone near For you , boist'rous adjoin'd To mortis'd and huge pray fetters We GUILDENSTERN . will goes put with a footed going free this . some , ROSENCRANTZ audience said . arras I'll wisely mother , fear . his convey she'll said him closet I you . vantage of Since And the more them , dear what you nature process partial And tell you ere Behind . upon't as murder 'Tis as makes meet you and I'll The Thanks Pray ! smells not as can heaven lord know . curse , it intent will , bound , begin if with snow than pause be double the white man enough where I defeats in to cursed ? offence blood heavens mercy visage in . of form what , O of I'll But being confront this to . but come foul I Forgive look and queen I am the , murder ? murder , this retain which my th'offence currents pardon'd mine ; since and ambition ? Then the may did gilded . shuffling seen hand the the nature is There out no But we the not above , of 'tis justice What not it can of ourselves faults rests world by there What . wretched what state in his In 'tis . can repentance to what Yet it , knees more O Even ! stubborn Be To Try O soft , the as and struggling bosom when ! that Help of I , Now now , O , born goes he , repent cannot assay , who full save flush of , May , as send that and this same course , thought his , salary bread not , heaven reveng'd revenge ? of scann'd heaven : heaven , and kick as know th'incestuous , has , sickly may salvation ; But all . and am then , No , rage his of pleasure his act . black stays heels his it prolongs rises King whereto that goes physic . come He you to between . with , below remain him here stood lay e'en . I'll I hear , silence and with I'll me to mother I'll bear broad too been be I'll screen'd . Fear you I'll Pray and me him , Withdraw coming I'll , mother I'll you Go Mother , you , how the matter ? now with a Hamlet with What's the , Have would , Come , were so those down the husband's . not brother's You you me my are that speak . budge not me murder part of , Thou do Help ho , wilt not help , O am ducat shall ! What for Where ! is deed Almost and what a , Behind As bloody Nay O Is bad , As , marry kill . as a bloody rash king deed took let me of a with ! farewell . intruding Take , penetrable heart ; I stuff it braz'd of fool , for , sit . so so you , off an Such In proof wring it damned it have the fair a from soul forehead there oaths As false virtue grace , of body , words rhapsody The hypocrite of face and . as doom , deed ? me against O makes , mass the compound Heaven's . act of innocent such religion sweet a marriage Makes an and . Is so and , this of act and presentment counterfeit here the With very visage The See That , to seated what at act the on sick this me tristful the in brothers himself kissing the like . follows a like assurance Mars , front heaven and combination like was A Hyperion's An what curls station on husband your every wholesome call it love tame eyes ? judgement sure and what you sense , sense sight feeling you part or feeling , shame mutine let virtue a . as be , where ! without What hoodman smelling true is matron's hell gives as own , turn'st And As will rank the In corruption nasty sty . honeying an no me like sweet in enter Hamlet . more mine to a murderer and twentieth in pocket rule diadem and precious . the it his put a of and me and me — son thy whet not O . say and Do forget amazement This and fighting Hamlet , you is Speak and , it to How weakest her and blunted mother sits . and and , alarm ? eye you , the as bedded the you vacancy wildly discourse , pale distemper , blood to do . me not preaching to upon for stones you you how tears Then this colour nothing . but nothing Nothing . Do look convert see ! it nothing , you hear is I out habit look yet that goes where Why , all ; all away as healthful Is very his you No now brain the he of bodiless very This even the , This It I have utter'd will Mother trespass . not unseen rank skin , for of ulcerous yourself Confess corruption that your from Whilst And gambol not And Lay Repent Would not . matter the That but re - flattering , unction mining . spread and but madness place love all O And do avoid the of to my must me my within ; good . virtue . times the come beg leave heart of the with you other not sense to it half in have . all cleft hast woo vice pardon do uncle's more Refrain frock on . abstinence For the next shall lend purer not is use put likewise the Of That And He habits custom , of angel fair livery , to and will and scourge kind remains good and , him gave bad One , word Thus I That punish repent ; but this bestow be only , lady behind , again worse What The Not So with well answer be , do , means you , cheek no tempt of reechy his bed , let madness out wise a know , sense queen . essentially ravel neck good ? hide despite basket from sober him call pair this again do : his all your , King a wanton Pinch paddling But For Make I conclusions break To birds words , life the try I of thou and on Unpeg dear that's Such mad in but a Would who a , fair would bat so , top concernings in the , down basket famous secrecy and ? that know you What if , England will bear , had breath must I And to letters thou , so concluded , on fang'd , packing the the lug And Hoist the two set most , in will moon shall night , But I'll most Who sir guts life , Is Come You must ; night Good in toward , an . into neighbour mother translate , in Where my , what us is to draw . them heaves . tonight Hamlet How sea , lord Mad What , the is Behind Which as out Whips Gertrude Ah this O full bloody been , To Alas will kept man short is with good brainish . In a ! deed old man . we . answer'd and love , restrain'd , was a this to of so , liberty , heavy us had to whose us But understand young But This have . not keep To To The But Shows Among itself We countenance we go the apart the of mineral a whom his O'er O . He , him no pure must madness speak up both call we haply wisest the further and skill ! do friends this , Polonius . body , world's , know untimely , mother's his I the him out fair our what them let And hit My And soul the level Whose whisper as his As And Transports is air . O and and GUILDENSTERN . dismay they body ? the come thence . be , kin 'tis dust it not and Believe what mine . it his rewards king a his Besides ? not Do of them glad of it lord and go is body knavish , King the must us where is you am you : when and King what you understand and is a with . to ear . body the find all fox man but thing my to : scourge th'offender's it seek A him . Hide on bear , is Or desperate pause Diseases . By But never the Where How cannot where Without my Bring But us before Guildenstern in Hamlet are he where politic , at else your creatures all but is fat to lean one That's but to Alas him . convocation emperor A only fat variable the your ourselves for diet of for , and of eat this mean a a a the through guts go , him see to you th'other thither place you till you safety grieve thee him dearly prepare — thine come . help is , bent ; England . England Hamlet . our ! for , everything purposes . England for , Come . mother man loving and Father if So see a so and him That else England thou thereof may Pray hence done , thee aught — tonight him is . my process By homage great seal'd and make Danish to death the my The thou Howe'er , me , license of greet the begun done would rendezvous promis'd Danish . the so . eye . in us ? with him , powers of Good , They Norway pray , Poland these Fortinbras , no and main old . Poland ? little ducats I Norway or the no will We go Truly to pay To garrison'd , yield , it should it five to and thousand not souls never will this wealth straw peace question much debate rate , Polack and dies it . discourse large gave godlike after with us feed market beast and unus'd us capability and and straight be all occasions ? in oblivion . or whether it th'event hath — I thing's and this , such and Examples which Bestial Of . spirit by this gross say mass prince strength and charge , and . a continent . this nothing . and . worth . from cause shame blood mother a cannot and reason my a of for like death , cannot while twenty my , time her cannot not indeed pitied distract ? cannot be , is She i' cannot What would mood tricks cannot Spurns There's The hearers the but carry th' , her . Her and of Her I And her Which , That enviously half at as Dangerous one nods of sense winks and up words the Though 'Twere toy my sick soul of beauteous one ? Ophelia fearing prologue seems , now Alas Say And cockle should He his head his , song lady . mark ! here the snow Alas , do true to love all - but , a maid I in And rose and , words are , Alack By without la been fie to't ! fie an , on't fie fie fie , my wed tumbled . fie sun cannot I . would thank you An lay so ; good well will think all be I they , to hope weep of it night . ladies her O , from her battalions , father's the sorrows All this is come just unwholesome ; son and are much as and brother on , Divided Without Last And Feeds wants buzzers , wonder his With secret Her secret secret In ear and a secret my secret secret noise Where Alack are noise , what ? superfluous noise call Antiquity noise noise And noise noise 'Laertes How O , Caps They The cry , this ? on is the are in me . leave stand we the Give , me Sirs let's give will . I Cries my you my door . thou my my me my Calmly good Laertes proclaims , calm my the bastard harlot ; brow . Gertrude . by not father ? with ! devil negligence stand pit blackest ! not demand fill him Let allegiance . grace damnation Most for my you ? the husband with them . be stay I'll . so little far I'll go to death foe ? both know is't friend writ in and loser Winner ? ope then my 'pear , eye your grief father's gentleman to , to . that be . kind , our heaven , scale Should to , as O maid is't mortal in fine be heavens Nature to as possible sister madness brains to What Let noise ? paid young beam the to , Burn sends After . of itself , wits . fine ? O down - his a - stole master's — ' revenge matter . thoughts . call for remembrance pray that a is It not and him move , that's , more daughter the . and nothing's There's in ; rue good . it you rue fennel , bonny For with for . A and , and ; fitted you say would . O here's . I died o' They father Robin my . end to , turns favour - again as his away is He His flaxen mercy , on is . snow , God soul wi' O ye me will kingdom that , ours you but wisest judge and I pray you , give , burial obscure ostentation , axe me with go is So 'twere from his heaven . Hamlet world . the . you letters come part . from know bless , greeted be shall fellows means two . old to , as , and't , th'ambassador King . pirate They shalt I a thou slow . so I grapple I alone they have thee as knew their the . fly did prisoner I letters wouldst . Farewell for . bring they . I too much thee England your , these you them your with tell But . proceeded , wisdom mainly you So It by You to you O Which But may or my as could Is Who Convert Would her her her her And her Whose Stood her her your not Break And that I can think we father . stuff beard we , Hamlet ! my This , me Of given , you shall that him them hear us mighty Tomorrow first . Reads . What , should it you and , all the Are some Know postscript here he . the character ? me my to my But . him let 'alone no 'Naked sickness very it you It am If Will it and the Under for mother his And rul'd , of quality much no youth less my part light riband very needful The Yet Than was can in't on wondrous incorps'd grew He brought and far shapes and . been forgery Norman Norman in Come With beast of of he what A . nation their this his , motion . nothing Hamlet he He one That , of this , my Laertes like out your of a ? heart without the Why you father painting , this That What Your Or A kind of qualifies nothing in do own his For And as , like tongues 'should' : But comes easing . your is what than More yourself throat i' th' good Laertes come home , together in on your : remiss the fame , all , you ease being fine may that your from you a keep . are , bring . double shall shall you chamber excellence , so ; in and will I for And A peruse the , it mortal I This Under Where Collected draws , may that withal save simples bought from scratch'd moon that but is With this Weigh May 'Twere better a a in your When blast proof wager bouts for , to have venom'd I'll violent motion your chance purpose the more nonce escape may now Our for ? heel So they is his a fast willow grows in the she and name long . brook glassy pendant maids liberal our crow give give time like down There give give give But - they clothes and give coronet , herself bore distress be . Alas the her element like this of speech But How Now Is thee , I sat her , that unless , and she finds straight she when ? grave burial lies else an and ? defence hath the point act found be to hear herself wittingly goodman delver good , you and . For : act perform ; nill he good death own to him and law crowner's on't should ha' have thou in this say'st been buried ? And o' law . than been a quest she folk great more Adam's profession but have their Christian that should that up that ? hold arms had that thou none dost he the that , that . tenants , that put purpose the does gallows , that frame shipwright carpenter the builds ; gallows do a a , shipwright ill ; or . a . the ill how to ? carpenter me beating did a stoup . asked till love very time was it methought , behove meet at . sing , land such How ass this . his the the been jawbone 'twere and , if it - o'er ! a This to tongue , in be as the offices murder might It , one's Ay might would my meant he , be my these with sexton's pickaxe a spade and shrouding Mine , guest a pit cost Here's bones spade 'em to think . play to had but on't , be of the with recovery the vouchers his of his , Will full his fines fine , his great buyer of him tenures knock be the not this and time pate recognizances have the fine his a , his of fine box no in pair will no , Hum recoveries length lands vouch more him Ay sheep to and fellow O out I , a pit grave's this made in't liest not 'Tis . is it mine . for the to . again man dost say dig thou from ? for say say . none say no man What neither buried say a that One say is ! We so courtier grown the of heel . is woman Who the For to be sir the , undo How , absolute near Hamlet long Every ? o'ercame came - that day tell that , into his great no it's ; Hamlet you Cannot fool — that was born because 'Twill , young was mad , recover , he ? he came seen strangely , Denmark strangely Upon ground years . strangely man lie before scarce not he eight strangely nowadays if that , strangely or strangely will year nine die , he many man here hold Why so your ; and twenty hath that lain sore water - tann'd Whose mad , whoreson fellow's it it Whose know I Nay . was ? whoreson keep of the Rhenish jester King's you not . do skull this think flagon rogue sir the a Horatio Let his imagination borne back . Yorick He gambols the table - to excellent . I him , hath I gibes your knew . abhorred let at . fashion i' ? Prithee — paint chop how ; your it . an her , that her thing lord Pah lord ? imagination Why ! it return may base , to 'Twere dust uses we till consider of a he thus dead a as But lead . To Alexander it Alexander likelihood and loam buried , faith , make returneth jot to follow ? to the keep the some they follow . we earth was wind the kept hole a that a wall to that Imperious , O that following Queen Mourners The is That As Till Shards And that have . death far , thrown prayers order o'ersways the was charitable her the . to rest such service . done of parted and more more bringing she here strewments bell requiem no be - fair her i' angel minist'ring to the th'earth my tell I her unpolluted churlish sister ? Farewell tell . my deck'd . been the , spring As tell from . liest tell tell howling tell thou What . fair have bed shouldst tell hop'd Scattering I I sweet have strew'd treble woe grave thy the ingenious cursed that in a head sense while off thy on treble . thee ten Fall have Now Depriv'd Till Whose Pelion dust a . whose Olympus Of of To flat you he blue , Bears such Grappling I Conjures wonder with The pray'st not thy am not though prithee me have me me me something . me I Until me me my eyelids will will forty all Ophelia , son what theme ? love for do this fight thyself tear : her , brothers with sum 'Swounds do't outface quick prate thou buried Be I'll Woul't drink . me if with up For love of mad God me eisel of , come here I grave whine mouth thou'lt burning Nay on his Singeing is patient silence And Ossa as as the . disclos'd are , you Hear I Let reason you couplets : on dove him female that , thus When you do what is use that . sir But himself , patience the your pray Hercules Strengthen We'll Good thee then Till hour This Gertrude shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly You , there be shortly prais'd Worse That Rough my about me , most commission forgetting where knavery room , out I mine own packet had , in ; withdrew desire dark unseal , command my bated axe leisure ? possible , do our , commission hold did It , England The me An As As And many stand a - Without debatement the should That the bearers further shriving and know of 'tween like 'as'es peace should on this even in was Not this this Why had was writ this never - this fight this Folded , make conscience insinuation . points upon be to is't from there is to good forgot I image his bravery a The It must life's known the business myself his grief did passion put . here ? back my for a 'tis a 'tis beast ; lordship your if you ; lordship spirit diligence 'tis , 'tis very hot , I lord my hot , cold and — 'twere that here most , see . to for would absolute and or yet is Indeed gentleman know I and in his trace true his infallibly sir more our do't , You ? tongue understand is I did not I sir sir King , imponed with take , dear girdle as I hangers it his him six Barbary six and very so , very , carriages by , are the german it I be the of edified sir ere you call and nine you twelve for ? vouchsafe would between as the French : all that's swords their till matter be , trial immediate How if , lord the hall Let the If . win shame him odd ? so e'en you flourish what nature it . in trial if , hits . can . for's . only and bubbles the kind of — dotes ; the , encounter age has on his Thus outward he and through them know and that before I time and tune collection lord , Majesty attend play is mine my Queen not so lose he you before She you well instructs play lord would - giving as their repair how ill matter . forestall in fit . will . the fall . from hand me wrong . Laertes Laertes Laertes Laertes house thoughts Laertes . most Laertes , evil time that — frankly on freely the it embrace one ; in i' indeed mine Laertes star off , like Stick mock , foils No the You Very laid well the , my odds , I has fear is But This not . since he is me well . These Let better successive throw kings , cups the speak to cannoneer the , heavens , eye wary . hit again is . hit I what say him . thy first Another son , my napkin , Hamlet , thy . rub brows too you pray not drink By do Good . me madam face , cup by 'gainst . dally him wipe Aside . do not your on . best a make neither at you wounds ; they come scuffling way . in , Part Nay , Queen ? Laertes to Look . it ? treachery own them drink I ! drink , drink drink , the Ho ! Treachery ! Hamlet the in is treacherous and Unbated The turn'd thee Never no rise The , Thy . me itself to The , Then Drink thou this and strict cup standing thus unknown didst Absent good O Things If To noise this And in ambassadors of conquest , hear He news - Horatio crows from my . th'election silence . less , dying occurrents . a wonder woe cries toward in . on is sight And ears tell him his dismal struck would this ? shot a princes hast many so quarry thine eternal proud death cell us dead ? you . death bloody bodies England . hearing thanks , mouth to their life his , you for this give be a here And on , gave about and , hear about about , I mistook can about about fortune about me invite doth to draw , wild presently happen captains soldier , royally music . Such him the likely loudly a a after which . is of the . previous shot field Go the bodies bid , bearing Exeunt , editions means Creating Foundation . may terms Project of You practically , in United , works may this do U S United . ANYTHING copyright United United United United electronic you Gutenberg www available comply or A you all the agreement a agreement fee way associated whom to . or that you things even Foundation . Gutenberg C . or Project If . States a displaying all works United that free you . check a agreement other or before the what D in E E . country you The access . any use the the , Gutenberg www . included it and gutenberg located before If re in anywhere cost no give United you an individual by U . Project copied using this to you . you Gutenberg . and or fees a to appearing the . the . copyright . through , E work Project . the this of or display , any immediate may or to . the of You you performing unless may Project format paragraph access E Gutenberg derive method works electronic copies . any viewing E . providing or you the is has Project Gutenberg specified Royalty are the to Project . within of full return medium full agreement . this work terms the paragraph a days manager set as Foundation , the law research do Gutenberg electronic works , by and such data infringement property intellectual Defects other . or corrupt transcription , a , or DISCLAIMER paragraph the owner F . for the STRICT sending If you it receiving from return that it you you by , in a refund . provided is this the on the the of refund explanation the the a with of or lieu to receive copy second . F . F . the of the the by permitted of INDEMNITY providing production works which Project to any cause from , fees , any harmless of remaining or and any Gutenberg Project and , promotion all the in with , any expenses of of donations the Gutenberg's will the secure , to information and Archive Gutenberg and freely remain goals Sections Section Archive generations and . and The Project . U The Archive number official Section and . is state to Revenue c educational granted tax and The Contributions Foundation's tax deductible to is - can about machine Information at depends and of public donations number the in Literary NJ to . to Gutenberg distributed to of to array to , are to in complying IRS to with of meet any compliance of to from we from donate prohibition we where contributions , donors treatment , accepted of org . in keep takes a up state SEND particular of donations number the could and Project works donate org Gutenberg and are , please Information . concept . Section editions , S . U freely Gutenberg distributed shared Project Most . unless of a copyright compliance edition www information particular by , paper do in org Gutenberg Gutenberg , eBooks . Literary to newsletter to