yourself unfold ? Stand upon hour your Stand thee bed Stand Get . Stand at heart Stand , cold , Stand Stand Stand mouse sick much am had you , watch you do Well I them Stand ho bid them is Who ground . Dane the hear Friends , farewell my O With to Therefore He , I the apparition speak appear story , speak we Barnardo And And our if not , against down seen have of westward all t'illume Well let us of from , that part heaven . pole Marcellus beating one where Look myself and — comes . wonder and . Horatio this and . of offended is Did What Together In march ? which with ! Stay ! gone ! What this think , Of Without ! Before it ! very art ! I my Is When he Thus nightly down Why , same this strange eruption the why sit , strict such And In what particular gross now might Why foreign not be toward joint that night , Who make What Doth Does impress divide is't . day : haste , Hamlet valiant us , Norway known by , appear'd Fortinbras of last King , pride our world , esteem'd a our who law , a Fortinbras had competent return'd , Now as ; side with his of which the his all and to those moiety , hot to , Norway and stomach ; of list diet , inheritance King of the in't of a design'd here some by foresaid preparations in and the the head so : take hand state is resolutes enterprise no unto which us food it recover , those our I . and haste this of - our that it it through palmy the may armed was it is to the That Have even harbingers to preceding doomsday the fates events Roman and high ere the little A stars The in trains sun fire influence the squeak As Disasters Upon sick with If to be If may But I'll , though sound to to , O if If thee That thou cross it soft hast there thou treasure thou happily uphoarded of speak Marcellus , walk thy life ! death in oft spirits you Speak strike ! here 'Tis 'Tis 'Tis wrong offer here ! It then Awake The cock that about started fearful is summons . like , speak malicious the when , air the vain our And This present Th'extravagant To It Some faded in say bird say dawning Saviour's And then nights they that on , witch hath gracious nor and , his , and morn dew hallow'd heard the the high mantle hill advice , my tonight speak , death dear and that Attendant , know do't and ; woe Lords Voltemand befitted , yet in grief brow of whole , our fought ourselves queen on this far with with 'twere discretion one of be sorrow dirge and herein marriage , barr'd eye , freely have weighing wisdoms . by be and pester fail'd this advantage our young , as in In Holding state Our He with most for To Who Of , Thus with For bearers of Cornelius , to more no : full and and greeting you you we here Voltemand Laertes ? hand In You You your not be not throne have thou more wouldst of the What and Dread , to I willingly my to bend now Yet thoughts And show leave ? my says gracious petition , By hath to father's wrung him me at will laboursome you thine . will ; graces bow My fair best my leave my now than kin still , my too am I clouds Hamlet to go give cousin the , so How Good let But A that is and less much the Denmark . lids dust friend colour i' hang on you sun on vailed lives die . to , eye cast look Seek Seems seems it so it particular it be ; forc'd moods fruitful of is If , Nor No For can Nor That Together , dejected actions that within the have are all forms the nor the But sweet and mourning in truly suspiration not 'Tis But must commendable , lost obsequious In impious heart will unfortified simple and a most . But some to persevere Hamlet nature your these To give , 'Tis is a , sorrow condolement for unmanly . obstinate do It Of 'This must be corse heart against fault to father the so , for no Is As Than It I impart with less immediate woe to and most let that world For comfort you retrograde to you : our of school throne , intent , madam . Wittenberg Hamlet reply . to , son her , bruit . fix'd dew melt , shall solid O not a would earthly thunder . Come away , nature ! and unprofitable world much ! gross garden this my so an and hang earth month had she . the winds yet of roughly too might not on't if I he a remember fed As to So merely beteem loving and mother two : in ! not would within a she body were Why wants a like mine father's she that . on increase Why heaven on — tears unrighteous more no father's Ere to your tongue my : well see The Sir your ! myself forget you to same servant , change you from my poor make what very glad to you . good hear I shall do truster my own truant are . depart , report ? wedding . upon , bak'd dearest Would Did , my , Indeed think father , eye was . father my see ? ever Or My lord , lord father my the your an attent Season The This marvel witness Saw King With Appears Within Stand jelly oppress'd before let me hear . their the your he , watch father , watch , knew deliver'd impart length at Armed point stately fear ; the act of fear , did kept both true and time distill'd me him I . But Form dumb Where And The hands this platform the speak loud address . made lord , not I motion sound my you To honour'd it let , writ of . lord in it strange our lord my BARNARDO you my , Arm'd Arm'd From to , do MARCELLUS you the but Hold Both top yes My , you from . not not not he not not not upon . not constantly Most And A What , lord my not , in than frowningly not Very While would been . it , Not when Longer amaz'd will one with beard was have A assume warrant ; again will . his . watch silver'd in walk sable as was Perchance I I'll bid speak to hold have in itself I , my be If I will Give it it Upon 'twixt platform , as your understanding loves Our My in play : o'erwhelm All were . twelve . duty mine ! would arms give . embark'd assistant me you that of his trifling and fashion a ? in toy of youth , the in sweet ; minute a , blood benefit , doubt the and , virtue His The In nature inward And wide now of no soil , his will his subject on for this his whole choice state circumscrib'd loves you further , strokes calumnious the enough . open desire is the most and to maid The of keep it the And Too canker the to watchman shall Do not me to as I itself , though lesson keep brother , libertine heaven reckless . rede . treads my double here ; your my of , thy There for shame . Beware entertainment hoops their act tried precepts in thee being of precepts precepts precepts , thy beware but reserve purse precepts thy buy precepts precepts , voice . precepts : vulgar adoption steel . not not to hatch'd dull thy , th'opposed man's that thine in the they Are And And thy Costly not a loan above most in a loses borrower select France But And of Neither For it : do invites Farewell said , What Most This must not blessing go and to lock'd , the What in memory I you Marry If of you So it that do — I must me you , caution ? not behoves between me tenders . late yourself girl , lord affection up your so me , baby pay call . them should a green dearly , love go go me fashion . his lord it are That Marry fashion all blood springes And , My the more light than these how woodcocks promise Be You , for of Than scanter . For rate , time making both - blazes vows to as your take not something as Even as their must Set command a as catch , as burns vows as fire at . of as parley larger given mere dye vows as In tether he he walk Hamlet higher their as sanctified beguile in you not unholy bawds , brokers , moment with Look would words The I it . to't , give Have I As The is lacks think season the . now of . to wont It . it hour No it as kettle The And The Keeps does What They clepe From The achievements us As Soil our traduc'd - than east , it tax'd and headed and ; our height takes guilty , much of these o'erleavens reason too of wherein indeed perform'd attribute . evil corruption The of one stamp they censure take of . undergo — fault own substance scandal doubt as from or or charitable or , To the Doth thou thee airs com'st , father Thou Be To cast thus night That thee Hath Why Let , to royal Dane a speak King , his thee we our away desire , disposition fools moon nature , should , steel , What , is thoughts beyond ? and shake the go it ground . means more . you with you waves . to not , will Look go follow will be life what at it do fee ; to , can follow of summit you me And That more very draw might deprive madness every desperation it thee beneath roar still follow me It , lord . imagination him of on — thus , I'll come the state will Denmark of it direct . let's Nay after . almost I will come , tormenting . and up to My hour Must render serious thy ghost myself Alas , lend Pity Speak To not I shall thou shalt . unfold So revenge , art a I Are tell and foul the What ? father's term away tale purg'd crimes for Doom'd confin'd spirit , walk the my prison to part am thy freeze stars combined soul a and particular this and O thy , list porpentine lightest my up two Thy And Like as best unnatural , it as with and of thoughts , swift fat wharf , weed . ear Lethe Hamlet , that did my O of gifts won that with , a most falling to whose wit wicked With as gifts ; hand was that . be power dignity decline mov'd , will never even love off was heaven it in made Upon mine . But though sate soft let custom be methinks prey on of And Will virtue , shape , my the secure my Upon My And That And a of juice hebenon in , vial a pour did blood with enmity it of the into milk courses of man through , crust loathsome and So . with by body a ; mine about bark'd hand : not it my my of nor and in , but thee thy , mother sting - The prick thy thorns the adieu Remember . to bosom , once at be fire . her act damned let be incest ! grow ! fie hell my all And shall you ghost , thee lodge thee my fond there past , records live ! all forms , of all copied shall of woman set it villain a be I memory memory pressures ? seat . to , brain my Yes . matter baser O , most pernicious is smile . remember . me Now , damned sure . my ' ! come . him HORATIO . So Within My my lord Hamlet it ! ho , secure Come noble ! lord news boy lord my . it heaven . lord lord it my , you How But Ay ne'er , There's But he's a from come arrant once ? man , dwelling . the , part part poor point shall desire and hands more right , so it man is Look but sorry , words faith There's they ; we shake that and hath — wild offend too . by honest , much For is And O'ermaster't It my lord request and , is let And now vision is here between me , good soldiers friends , seen . what that , ghost what poor . in . faith my Upon , I Nor , stage thou , already , Art Cries so this ? thou sayst Hic ? ubique Swear by my sword work wondrous friends so ? good remove i' is this stranger heaven in an antic perchance put at To you I before odd , seeing this — come But help think on , head doubtful or disposition - if if they , would' might' , phrase we , and and be . to you , together in you pray is , lips joint born , I was us to . spite I cursed . right and . go notes . Reynaldo , these I you shall Enquire me first what said very what means and come of drift , what expense will you question and ; and more , they , where you sir it finding nearer ; well ; rank him ; on very he's , wild known and that most . so of heed take , wanton and lord my , Ay As Faith My That's not That must drinking would the quaintly mind ; so him charge liberty on in him far . so go dishonour open it to scandal breathe taints fiery blood unreclaimed a of this know would , son , working . that on drift I here's my , Ay And You , assur'd lord he , country in you sullies slight a converse , soil'd seen ever youth Having in you breathe you ; the man Very then And , Of and . say rouse , marry about I in does , was say this — leave I you as gentleman , and ; enter with you closes 'closes the , and or of . so tennis' , you reach , you Good you you . have . my former I , have . Shall you God shall I . affrighted ? matter the ? chamber unbrac'd all his - head was down , to his knocking his And , lord With what his with stockings , purport foul'd , other my in I as upon Ungart'red No and length thus o'er brow ; it me ? he all his arm , face Long other his would — a did little waving me arm his and he his done to being seem'd For And thrice perusal held . head , the by me the to At with find last to out the very will , lets me King . sorry of late under desperate to any oft As my repel did His access , trifle judgement and but . he fear'd thee it it , the our command hard but his better mad denied you as with . is than which , ourselves made to me . beshrew proper as hide More had meant not seems It To beyond wreck him in go being hate grief The that , to to use I thus death from much So his being I Resembles Since Of I up both himself you companies , to may occasion , open'd lies hath he am sure Some much gentlemen To us more he , aught as vouchsafe so you draw whom to To As so supply I Your the power into living , not please will , hope will of are there men two much your visitation shall and adheres king's receive of such have of full feet fits a . be and Rosencrantz . freely Than lay To here ourselves in the . bent And , and gentle you . to presence . bring And Heavens Pleasant and amen Norway , hold duty my And I to I I Both do Thou my us'd As very — do of that first , that shall news Thyself me admittance to to the them my is death Well Welcome my we Voltemand , and what His , fair our nephew's a levies preparation be look'd sent and out greetings sift shall friends . him which desires Polack truly found and , he , the 'gainst into Highness hand before of arms against and , first sickness was It Fortinbras rebuke thousand th'assay Receives That as Makes With And commission to , entreaty three old To his might please for upon . feast - well your welcome to your rest It your at we Go And Meantime and , is , Therefore Why This Most should majesty nothing night waste is and to it be call Mad I tediousness the the , night to time soul Your limbs for . 'tis true . with I swear , art , true A no mad 'tis , Perpend she thus comes the have . duty this Mad pity 'tis for And this defect effect cause . mark and hear 'beautified' is Ophelia . beautified vile , Adieu reckon to is believe . be sun the , O numbers best above This evermore I I , they And more out how But As But dear I Or my this a or with might dumb , star from , And herself ' prince I round to , mute : gave thy resort her , advice make declension . for this may It been That Into to Thence Hath Where may walks Within the , centre if . will this I were together we he the it ? hours indeed my loose . his assistant If behind him to daughter does I'll an for and try . no be not encounter from carters reason state . good good good good Hamlet good picked good . good , good a my man . my so my thousand That's my maggots breed my if the my very carrion a my my lord . kissing my my a being you her by first speak I mean , the the slave that ; beards - tree . Slanders sir most believe you potently with plum , gum hams I should . as old , yourself . sanity , Though , yet , sir , be it , replies could not ! that , the . of so suddenly You , A contrive Indeed cannot , These from prosperously , honourable except my Fare , anything humbly except seek Lord You go My Rosencrantz you waist Then Happy of None about live that the true Let honest . hands the strumpet . more . deserved at my so none 'tis to so me is confines many o' one the and wards either prison or . king . myself for narrow a . lord too ; it think not , a I have bad dreams substance that quality a . a for shadow but itself it in one dream not nutshell , the . the of light and our . upon of are , are shadows matter such in . Truly Shall beggars' Then wait and ? rest of ; for I not , Come ; nay . I . visitation you ? not there sent were You your thank no ; lord ? speak halfpenny but my too ? What we . to , enough kind anything ever - you fellowship or direct ? by rights our were sent could the you ? hold . your discovery , of whether of obligation anticipation Queen so it not ; seems to , with fire this promontory my with sterile o'erhanging disposition I you me feather no moult goes and fretted is to , goes so shall all me lost goes a , and how ; moving goes in paragon angel other this majestical me how a goes brave goes this of , admirable in noble how goes roof , goes goodly frame piece delights not And no to . Lenten , delights me' not thoughts , shall his Majesty and his shall they you you then , from are Man smiling , 'Man I said them not laugh lord hither the plays me clown adventurous those king laugh shall make . her players such it chances were shall they better by both ways city ? means the comes was travel profit estimation same followed ? city was I not in and reputation the of they they indeed , are rusty ? is of wearing question ? Are the they pace they for't , wonted Do the are so , endeavour keeps How , little berattle aerie pursue if there been much to do their on both no against argument no has tarre controversy There like afterwards they , most , Is't been the , that Ay do , for Do and player the it and his Hercules about brains give King of little . if , and those could . philosophy come The hands I You mother are yours . natural out . Your are There are my outward this are north more welcome lest , But is what appear extent my a north west a ? a southerly . a , a is a . 'twas to a they swaddling a Well be with yet his too Guildenstern you baby you see there time the to , lord right , unlimited law each , historical - in , tragical Then actors . he The What Israel liberty - had judge , Jephthah O cannot Seneca of , treasure These , the . no passing daughter old , love where look young , your falconers Masters , like since well . For show abridgement last thee and you , piece are see in speak have welcome all cunning was author the was , heard was was the such one , much 'Twas he at this was it begins was sable was couched With Bak'd lend and in coagulate mothers total more dismal dismal dread in , he whose the , purpose dismal : so not is Pyrrhus dismal the did his as Black dismal When now With is and dismal their dismal Rebellious dismal to his to dismal Old Anon short Striking , finds he Greeks arm command , rage , drives , in . and wind a his , sword , i' seem'd painted , will , matter , and Pyrrhus th'air the on declining Pyrrhus' feel father whiff . this falls his . ear of with with , some , pause thunder orb dreadful work , wheel power her from . gods . down down you down , heaven down , down down down , down . he Hecuba to on Run barefoot bisson and would her husband's malicious have tongue of o'erteemed for that the . is queen' 'Mobled and With Where About had 'Gainst mincing When But this gods with she saw not made limbs , sport venom steep'd eyes in's — let the , you chronicles . desert , and The to their time soon this of Do ? bestowed out Use players better while them use according Use bounty play Use . them Use play Take and Use own every man Use dignity honour Use . tomorrow Use Come friend , night Follow hear thou dozen We'll Dost friends Very and night till well Follow You welcome lord that rogue and my . slave own visage peasant ; here nothing function he the stage would to him to Hecuba That And the weep For , his a force her working this player aspect ! conceit ? eyes from That in , whole ? or and with appal ; speech with horrid , eyes , th' , me , lungs gives should , pigeon , or , liver'd - oppression make I am should as , Bloody bawdy lack , father murder'd ! brave villain lecherous vengeance I of revenge like , Must to , this With But ! Ha slave's son am treacherous an the scullion whore Prompted ! Fie my the at ! upon't creatures Been That brain - my , That Why A Have by guilty With Play very cunning play , speak scene will players , father this confusion drift his and he no circumstance . me the of lunacy on no means . confession state true receive his bring would a him crafty Of he Did we Most you . gentleman , in question free there of - And hear To Madam way him they true and see the Majesties . already edge . much shall gentlemen And give it so espials , here hither , may frankly behav'd no , lawful , encounter th'affliction That For Her Will That And If't , bring Will Hamlet's That I obey good him wish wish wish walk wish bestow loneliness 'Tis . wish O devil action The a that , to wish cheek lash wish Aside And much . too prov'd wish We here ourselves show — To Ophelia . 'tis devotion's o'er ! thing ! burden heavy . 'tis 'tis Let's hear I 'tis and nobler 'tis to , the sea of against arms slings not 'tis him is 'tis harlot's The , Whether The No The 'tis to is heir . dream that be sleep of dreams there's sleep consummation come troubles a a by and ache death so There's . proud the man's law's death and the unworthy death , scorns spurns death , death , bourn death will , death we the after whose death not , weary ? of all resolution awry , bear country returns to And the fair Thus And does conscience And rather us thus make that those ills we cowards and pith great with sicklied With , long to thank I longed now well , pray I does humbly My That ; have remembrances a . compos'd did ? them receive you - deliver aught right rich for givers . perfume to the . mind unkind . sweet when , There gifts poor my discourse no transform . honesty sooner love a force can now . believe loved not inoculate old so it cannot so virtue for . breeder me I am of . a crawling us borne me to my , your to the Farewell to you , to to heavens for thou , this to shalt to you needs not to wilt thy plague Farewell . you given and , hath say . all I but God . enough , jig , powers , make and , more ; no live courtier's soldier's what , noble of shall no I'll have shall The out out out Love some out And O'er Was Blasted out set it down out which , do I out out His something on melancholy There's speed to the and for quick hatch though madness and . What yet and settled variable But the This Thus But To round with him , be , let so please entreat after , lord what Lord Hamlet as the If mother all she . go . him do alone you , find him where the think be ones Your England in wisdom to air I trippingly do ; passion , O Nor , robustious it but thus , town tongue beget a and crier you you I of pronounced as , lines for o'erdoing . you do , offends acquire and avoid honour your own nothing tear for in the fellow . of ears , pated but whipped you groundlings to to passion Termagant to word the to feature grieve , virtue ; the make , it censure of the and her time — whole and . the her as , image . playing but ; let neither tame not Suit observance overdone now and so of judicious a o'erweigh , is the from own pressure own , must cannot there , unskilful form others and accent so that of O the had journeymen imitated indifferently quantity some some villainous considered in be And the in , set more themselves , We and ? to , my haste and hear now , the ! lord Will As art my . good pomp flatter'd spirits absurd lick thy poor flatter from the Dost mistress fawning was men . of For election thou , been nothing ? hast hear knee be , but , Why hast thee the may clothe revenue let And Hath my are As are are Hast Whose they and are scene it , in too comes are ay stop are not thanks pipe are slave near before , are . see'st Something she please see'st , my of see'st circumstance death . see'st King father's my of see'st the foot - a see'st . that see'st see'st his occulted thy guilt have one foul see'st ; others Polonius . must I play . this my of the to flourish of and Queen , cousin chameleon's the . Enter Rosencrantz How ; you lord , did now , nothing , No with I I me was you and was To My , Hamlet these words are not th' patience by . that here's lord No , your upon here's here's head my lord . here's matters ? here's here's here's here's . lap , thought is are my my , Who , you your jig Ay , What looks mother maker should You , two O a heavens he hobby must - Queen lovingly of protestation ; the neck her , very , Enter a , long then sables , there's hope lady the King She , to lament Queen with The three or his loth and ? unwilling , but passionate a , fellow bank a and ears in . keep all fellow know this this Belike , We by or Will that show any you stooping As woman's . sheen been , late . done be and moon , too fear ; behind to there , great in made my proof , littlest , doubts fair love and functions haply this the , great is love grows Faith , And thou shalt , For confound be husband belov'd Honour'd needs Such None In must kill instances husband my you break , memory ; kill kill . none kill husband in on mellow we we ourselves kill ourselves Most Which But what Purpose To What is we kill When kill kill This even Their Grief 'tis For That Whether The Where passion to pay question , else yet our fortunes to fortune enemies ; flies change love , mark on never hollow him in But not hitherto poor The fortune his lament ; slender friend : fortune his fates still do enemy wills Directly great advanc'd down man And want needs For That thoughts Our orderly devices our end none second their and to I contrary . our , light ! it beguile awhile of , heaven nor me trust hope night , destroy , scope , joy and , I wife be . now . grow never The spirits Madam like how , protests lady the but ? is a 'tis . knavish , This Duke's play is image the his but not o' Let of offence jest offence of are unwrung see . my and chorus ; Lucianus is I . I dallying , a to edge . leave damnable , agreeing bellow for thy , revenge Pox seeing , creature fit drugs weeds time and collected no Gonzago anon . how fire play while world away the deer ungalled hart must , not Would me some Away . Provincial must feathers I , share a with ; strucken ; sleep rest ? word a thousand for You take well my . lord . recorders with . history Ay , of , his in me , wisdom should to into some my , doctor Good , put , not me , hath spirit of , and perhaps him the would purgation . start so If be breed , great , from , your the do right end my wholesome is the of not my answer pardon , if to , Sir not make , a , commandment so matter . a admiration mother her with the at desires shall We to so times with speak that you she were , ten lack the stealers . for your ? the griefs You to once trade our love . himself something . is of distemper ? and your these of . advancement voice Denmark the have the succession Let to O lord my the . the recorders , well pray duty do Believe I my of you , touch your it it your stops the , are mouth govern with ventages do me . I know as music I , now would unworthy sound it speak . 'Sblood what instrument , this think , to the you I am of top little will though would out ! camel . whale a like a a is is a I — bent come I By and Or heart quake O When 'Tis is world bitter Now , the Contagion thy , thy in tongue I Let speak thy To My thy me and seals thy she this , not thy in never thy stands Therefore estate as of to thy your And Hazard so terms he I like To The let him , nor forthwith range it you safe with us , is many peculiar whose ; it near The What's That not To on Dies itself ; of the and gulf majesty more massy mount falls draw The things it consequence Never to free footed this will you Are Fix'd and , GUILDENSTERN too fetters with it . Arm I sigh huge spokes ten when , but general groan , alone with upon this . a tax said mother should partial audience than , I'll the we ROSENCRANTZ put - us and he's , mother's warrant and ere you lord know I them closet , not , go you my it Pray as inclination brother's hath ! guilt a where I double sharp eldest to shall pause in stand And Were , stronger Though offence the both It white forestalled . turn my Can That cannot since which crown those serve fault My Is And To there neglect than itself not , effects the Forgive law In past But Forgive Forgive ; being is May Offence's oft nature Forgive is out Buys Forgive Of Forgive In Even to what Forgive Forgive To give that true in Yet O wretched O limed more Art Be soft There his Try the the the the knees ; sinews I I'll the now might pat so That father who the as . the circumstance crimes my O He the hire he hire And A , this sole , father hire our his his grossly broad in hire hire That gaming drunk swearing of ; th'incestuous , hire is fit with took . To With hire is and no hire his that may goes prolongs whereto him At As it asleep the And am for him To sword he and season'd his passage some or pleasure or a thou know has in ; of heaven . stays black , go days advances My damn'd as be This physic He round heat round that and Pray you Grace . be round with him mother . round . here round me Fear not mother round . round round an . tongue offended . have my father . mother wife are ? so , the , murder not help ! ho may not your by , were And , Where You O , I , know Nay O what A As a rash not Almost and king a deed 'twas 'twas , for thy too made 'twas damned 'twas have What 'twas 'twas 'twas 'twas and hypocrite virtue sets from The A As From And With Is this . as , body of O such off me , Makes . grace the forehead blister dicers' oaths innocent plucks Heaven's sweet face act . in thunders the act , and me was front herald man , command himself of threaten and Mercury hill . to you Have , Look assurance a heaven the on Jove indeed brothers . brow this kissing a now you eyes it's sure but ? motion ; Ha ! your what you not would ne'er so and a reserv'd ecstacy this to not to such in But sense it you hands eyes , of serve part feeling some , or but mope some was some some have for madness some of choice blind sight all , Proclaim matron's , hell in fire some . the panders reason And frost some Since When some some O Hamlet mine I there As thou mutine not Nay rank , sweat in Stew'd In the These precedent of that not empire it put more the and the of twentieth precious vice villain ; ears . tithe , his in shelf pocket ! mad chide and your he's What me with your , would passion son Alas heavenly dread ? by figure ? Hamlet to her , amazement in between weakest her with . you bend incorporal Forth And the how Start and hairs eyes the at , And That Conceit is do as up the Alas it you , eye in in wildly alarm excrements thy patience and My Will , Why look you , Nothing all there nothing you nothing that yet Nor No look habit now even in there , the This cunning time test , madness word for Mother matter from My That gambol makes I the but rank Infects Would And Repent Whilst the not skin trespass and film mining Confess in . of must curb make And It That will do spread the Forgive itself Hamlet and thou hast throw away the go But the purer , if you to not is next For Assume Good And a evil He That To That Of That And aptly is shall a kind The devil , to . but repent me must . So kind answer me : remains behind . so do bed pair , do that , you mouse , call again , you out him know wise his fingers matter his of you lady . kisses tempt madness , in birds like sense Who a fair good let wanton by , no to reechy with neck cheek your , all the in own try To Would Unpeg who mad craft in I to ravel am not would , sober basket conclusions break of hast I words have to to no you life your , house's top secrecy and despite thou breath to , Alack I And assur'd , And Hoist They For man This now Mother night , secret most into understand counsellor this Indeed life , Good , sir Bestow What , lord your my your There's your your Whips out your Behind Which your The is your the the your . does , In hearing brainish good old unseen O And rapier been liberty His you It Alas will , have mad kept It how on But To This be But short man But so But , the But of a itself . O But of what But base But vile Guildenstern But touch this skill : further slain and do friends . slander , name . miss our come discord air cannon to untimely we'll call our we haply diameter blank world's so what dragg'd , him out pray . I mean his , away may O . Hamlet Lord O GUILDENSTERN stowed ! calls dust 'tis not what replication counsel bear Believe — can sponge , Take But an ape in , Ay authorities them glad A . tell of you I am , but a body lord , us understand I is the with nothing Of But where This the offence pause sudden By desperate sending him judgement , but smooth must th'offender's away bear never body We dead cannot where is get from , Ho Now politic worms king fat all and creatures fat where but and , alas mean dost What you how Send you month this i' some within seek To , thither place see If yourself But nose . is th'other . heaven will He Attendants you safety dearly for do which With The is Good . the — we grieve thee ; come . But , Farewell ! mother Father My mother . Follow and so . have Tempt . hence aught . tonight power to homage For thou Howe'er like death letters present Go Craves . him let If that our duty my are whose sir of , I , Norway do't Against Who nephew The them Goes some old , you Fortinbras Poland frontier a , I little profit , sir with of farm ; fee Pole not in but patch addition would or , no it . the defend without cause straw this , little ? sir , man more part be not discourse no , such A market to If Sith Why yet I cause A Of Bestial fust in To thinking quarter'd coward say live ever which three such do't such such Even for an fortune at such is great stand I then see stain'd such dare , such such such and , honour's a father the stir Rightly and unsure death greatly at without , straw , worth continent forth nothing this the , or bloody I is speaks of needs importunate What She tricks i' Yet carry The Though And botch 'Twere prologue artless to to Majesty in , now Denmark of ? love know , gone lady mark pray and grass . you this song . what , lady his , go table , a at be . With bewept Larded Which true love pretty was may father baker's daughter God be . her upon this Valentine's Saint is means , in day , his door out . Ophelia Pretty I'll make an ; tumbled , ground patient th' good counsel good my My sun . by not How be will all We must been she him lay would I they close give sweet Gertrude grief you night , I be hath night pray . shall , cannot Come brother deep good good ; her ; watch her death come springs author beasts these all himself clouds mere France ear in have we inter to ; and Her Feeds , Without With ear In Like his wants And on secret and keeps , father's infect matter person our in death Let to The And your offices not Eats young Than the Antiquity as ratifiers 'Choose , shall Laertes and applaud , hands 'Laertes Caps props cry on props How props They props The props this , props we ! be and king props the counter , you broke stand in give props you I king Where Keep Give Calmly Of my chaste mother true the my between to What him That There's such go treason brands cause like our — person - Even Cries Laertes looks . peep Speak Why thou Let him ? not be to Vows demand by . juggled profoundest to . I point only be my give I'll you ; shall comes for husband to know . so well father , reveng'd negligence . his Winner you certainty world . your ; arms in little and both you writ friend ? loser but , the draw enemies them thus friends know and is't death wide his It And That As am child , Why you of and in a your your your eye . that be beam thy the up ! What noise . hey a tear , the on barefac'd him nonny grave you Fare his wits and didst thus move persuade . a him call you not the daughter false steward his master's O . And remember remembrance for you Sundays . daisy grace o' died . I here's . he They say rue . give ? again is - come again joy dead come was white again . snow , soul , to earth , bones ; content obscure his burial . speak ostentation let go with me axe fall ? have . me you for from . they in that they . I do , Let They sir be , them what not if Hamlet be name . too bless thee that th'ambassador , sea at old , of of mercy they knew I death ; thee make are they have fellows These hold . Guildenstern will much the yet good dumb as matter the of Let with in to to clear Finding means . They have very for him a on gave got dealt much will letters . too . brought give , And Sith you Now do't To Come I have him from It That capital these me tell life appears safety proceeded well you by As Which My I She's like to the that , arrows my . a , again , You . stuff be so , will you love imagine — terms back must and dull . come age , again go all , our hope now You . father ? news teach sleeps for that we shook shortly beard shall to . them saw them . He . naked eyes kingly return . occasions When I back on of ? the , more and mean ? no ? thing rest hand the Are , this should postscript a in am It lost shall warms it be , him in he Know Hamlet's character lord advise me 'Naked ' , his let But thou sickness diest you my o'errule peace and , now him means he work return'd , ripe now it he If voyage shall not So If how As To even might I no choose my ; breathe the rul'd from sum for , since of in It falls talk'd be they together that be be Wherein And be be You be be have be Did not one the , lord ? in for that the livery and Two Normandy , against brought demi his , this horse my , brooch all He Norman A With That short Norman confession masterly your rapier you out . neither match cried And And very is . well gem made you such of the of report , indeed , a you defence especially , indeed wish and scrimers nor , their of of , eye a be 'twould he swore He , that you not is did love heart , play of o'er this out out face you your this my this Why of of pleurisy , would changes ; accidents spendthrift a , as undertake th'ulcer deed , in son th' throat should church ? sanctuarize within are your you bounds i' close indeed , you Will on double you , with ease , little shuffling from He on . no have should Revenge keep varnish fine that ; and him that I the and free heads all you , being you your , sword bought , contagion the Collected scratch'd withal be may that It This , all blood but it May this of bad me . hold see — dry and hot Soft . wager motion more for your drink that , stuck but I'll violent proof shape Let's convenience assay'd back in in better did make ! now that for by upon may hold sweet venom'd there your escape , aslant willow his There fast How he If A chalice chance So One they shows There shepherds nettles do a - But our There on weedy boughs leaves ! O , Of crow That , flowers cold pendant , her down the weeping hang dead snatches they time that Pull'd lay her with from . thou , death . her heavy muddy yet holds my blaze , gone , lord would . my hast And water I our is It have speech of this Gertrude follow seeks wilfully her ; again . burial . straight in . be , drowned herself so found her ? her on , it , to is myself Nay that to . Here this mark go leave se I water herself , argues act , to wittingly and cannot it else For an , goodman delver is not is own his this , been thou there have say'st . in countenance Why you ha' should on't drown or more : is There Why makers art makers was digg'd . If makers says , gardeners makers Christian ditchers this world my grave makers gentleman a makers spade - he makers thou makers or builds How makers Could Scripture to heathen in ; those do that again , argal . does gallows ill . the To't a than tell Marry mason thee now To't . can I , and Ay , brains - maker' . thy with beating The it , no Mass this To O , love sweet did of question this , made O Yaughan ; fetch me a stoup love , behove sings at hath Hath Custom hath so claw'd if never been such land stealing clutch his the could Cain's circumvent , if , might It offices to murder ! This , one 'twere pate and as sing jawbone God politician might , lord this , it not it one How my , such to revolution the ? lawyer his and , a battery sconce Where be guest tricks guest the , recovery double buyer of land of guest vouchers of his , vouchers guest the ? guest fines his in's a tell his guest full more box indentures ; ha ? guest too very The my of of fines him to his great will knave , tenures his , of made more and , and my assurance skins that ? in skins . will I ? sir be , to meet guest a indeed thine For . and , I such a , part lie You clay is therefore is thou therefore it lie be O Mine pit sir again thou man , sir . it away in't for ; will liest for 'Tis thine from . you dead . me for buried in't , or have thou equivocation . dead hast long . toe years the peasant the three kibe day We sir he days . the is , courtier Lord age of you Cannot Ay that born marry , fool I that is long the tell ? was he seen , it's mad not in him because mad he came , the . there if as are men , I ground ? with ? a i' man years his . say they strangely what been . rotten before . he be eight nowadays water Whose was and it ? not Whose I , him same for This skull see once on Let Alas times merriment , Alas your be that own Alas laugh , at Alas . paint Alas ? grinning your Alas tell her were Alas . and now gibes and mock of Alas , Alexander think looked ? fashion this E'en . so smelt that tell , thou And What's . my To noble base 'Twere to Alexander of a dust the uses we what faith make ; and Imperious , Should ! soft following buried , returneth that whereto dust clay , c might world comes . Queen Queen Queen Queen . hand ? Queen follow Queen Queen Mark far been have enlarg'd unsanctified . pebbles trumpet ; done . her on , prayers . rites bringing thrown lodg'd be her and and Of there strewments , more no Must As sing her thou When A May violets angel fair i' parted souls priest unpolluted thee . to shouldst I hop'd of wicked thy most thy deck'd Hamlet's woe that once upon the you skyish , stand I This makes them phrase is of ? devil well not ? Grappling such Hamlet wounded ? an What Conjures wonder ? though take fingers Away . fear ? and my . from not I Pluck asunder thy ? with The Thou me All ? Gentlemen . in have For Which prithee thy ! wag be eyelids will Until my son , no brothers theme . a come ? woul't here so zone a pate acres prate thou do't . with her ? eisel thou us , against as And His that , Anon When will will is This awhile fit madness as patient the What drooping are female dove , thus . may me no day ; Now in shall have a our in good Strengthen This shortly You do shortly for shortly So shortly shortly let shortly this sir all shortly , me . bilboes that Sir , my would my a the it ; them from Up That Rough There's our - Finger'd Grop'd scarf'd them , certain cabin about my . my my my , my , reasons England's in the . my , my , withdrew my had my found exact , fine to so an ! health and , axe more Here's wilt But No benetted beseech you round could make had thus , the a I it how read ? hear thou I to I wrote our and statists it sat ? Wilt , labour'd . effect service The my lord , from conjuration good I . might palm tributary , contents these more Without He that was How shriving - bearers my Which Not view like debatement on many the And peace should still her or death time And Why should in I , Does by are , man So sea They that not 'Tis dangerous Of , thee king is stand my they a pass the Popp'd him quit with To with canker ? damn'd come is't life proper evil further — th'election , hopes business known issue the not my perfect 'One' — upon now and of to conscience my is't And be ; me . sir , is Peace The bravery his portraiture sure lordship thank humbly Your I is lord , stand land , Sweet beast state at beast will beast at beast Majesty leisure a the ; let ; for beast of dirt , spirit diligence ; beast for of the head 'tis beast wind the beast Put bonnet is hot . lord , laid — Sir full . showing gentleman faith that you — calendar gentleman memory . and But of and yet see , the in to of for , know his of , him , of , of of verity of article his of infusion . our sir , gentleman Of really another nomination , already empty in the ? of . Of is His you would dare not but , to know for , imponed King The he which as two That's I with of sir The our I The I conceited , it French : would german is this laid three . He hits that if answer trial , I I walk time and of King nothing me lord , How in my not , effect Shall I does He with dug before that lapwing his I know out blow through them habit encounter has . it drossy and of but do them him to ; collection tune opinions did the of the winnowed and commended with to play you attend Majesty his , lord him King Queen . lord have not think been how continual kind is it perhaps If your mind but win about 'tis . say and , we be now defy augury now not foolery whit aught ; what of not yet it come There's he this betimes me If't . be honour was Laertes , Hamlet , needs have a must you But This presence nature from not it , does ta'en Never distraction exception , faction poor this from your arrow brother most generous . o'er purpos'd evil . enemy Hamlet's madness wrong'd ; away himself Hamlet himself in , not the does is of then it Sir madness His Let To have far and my my reconcilement , the and me stir honour and and most of known and . freely no and of will offer'd love it . time , and and love — darkest , mock young foils know You the the No laid Very You shall skill Your Cousin , Hamlet side , I odds , has the it better'd seen you . another ? length foils good my of stoups battlements drink the give quit And The In The Let of an cup shall Richer Denmark's The cannons the you King 'Now And to trumpet heavens , ' heavens speak to begin . No lord A . palpable . One Judgement . health . is pearl thine awhile I'll The , poison'd cup not you thy napkin , you Good Queen He's , I dare lord do I'll , poison'd too not me thy face . make , pass you you Come on 'gainst . best do but of wanton . way . and a ? Have Hamlet now Laertes you . scuffling wounds come ! there . they . incens'd , How is Laertes with How justly a my the ? bleed . see Osric . my , Queen am I ! O No , no The It villany ! Let it Treachery there half thee art , Hamlet do hour an thy in The Lo is . envenom'd Hamlet in not can good , of thou out work . thy practice ! to Dane here , union temper'd with come father's thine not noble . serv'd mother Is is this He Mine dead make thee am I strict Here's liquor Roman antique believe unsatisfied . dead tell , act sergeant could I I at this chance , death , aright cause am you wounded in felicity awhile , England crows my from , O potent The Young To I But tell Fortinbras cannot Which Now cracks him have . This hear I poison quite prophesy occurrents does heart noble Why is ? cease , wonder . your . search see sight This Where it To are affairs from his him or you would hast bloodily many on cries tell and Guildenstern have should Not our ? thanks death commandment from his mouth . question . their , cause acts unnatural casual cunning put How And things about by on , the inventors' Truly deliver . heads haste call , to my us me For But from Of Let four Bear prov'd Even that mouth this whose have I his while Hamlet was likely a here the loudly Take the , soldiers' The have To he most bodies off bid but the up . Go off will works Creating that Foundation and one Special of . royalties States ! set charge to Project you trademark the Gutenberg eBook for , complying this may this eBook copyright ANYTHING . U , license . law especially nearly . works You of of by Gutenberg do you , www General By A Section distribution To Project the Project by If terms destroy all agreement of you is the this and work , fee as do set an registered electronic of paid whom to the terms Gutenberg . of even things to be that C without below paragraph of . C agreement of electronic help Project electronic of of of If you and collection you of prevent of references Project from works located derivative to will works Gutenberg paragraph follow the to below Gutenberg works collection United in do works , the United public . compilation works the domain distributing copyright works in individual of keeping works promoting long we performing we , Gutenberg easily also work for hope , States govern when located countries of the most United this in works terms are others works where place you in works are or work makes this in works works works active States United to . must with any appear , United under restrictions States no or you Gutenberg . you before If . included it gutenberg give away with will posted and or a the E . paragraphs the in the or protected Project S this work . eBook . distribution . and the terms E . your . or . and the E . Gutenberg License . copyright remove copyright E paragraphs use paragraphs by of the . associated terms , perform of sentence the immediate , copy Do electronic . to and distribute Gutenberg hypertext convert or However proprietary provide official access the in used Gutenberg exporting a no of the a . official other Project Gutenberg if means or the posted Vanilla ASCII copies on you copy a processing Plain distribute any E word , marked Project , as specified Any form other or Do You you Gutenberg : works applicable he fee The you from is Project method . taxes gross Project the , but or are sent Project Foundation each donate Literary should to as Foundation your paragraph using you returns to prepare must the to the the address tax which under and payments owed Gutenberg at receipt that user the to about Foundation destroy user of within . paid donations days other . to e by to agree full Information the require with all works and accordance discovered receipt to of wish you work in Project electronic distribution a work is access comply work for any money paid . forth this . group you different permission the set proofread and Project Gutenberg be may , copyright research S Despite on on employees expend transcribe . below volunteers efforts , may damage other incomplete copyright damaged for the all legal the that . of , Except or disk codes . equipment owner , Project Project Project - DAMAGES F , If work medium of OR within person you if money RIGHT the work written defective providing receive copy is to you may a the on with the your received explanation work . the defective person OF of any you the received to provide , receiving you paid it by medium writing the agreement in forth certain of this to limitation do make the agreement law of state applicable of remaining agree this applicable to or interpreted of by the disclaimer states not exclusion provision any permitted - any You the , fees you do Project works harmless promotion , production with . trademark any or which to Defect formats about b to occur liability distribution , Project electronic volunteers any or directly indirectly from expenses of . computers distribution widest aged - synonymous the with readable all critical Project Gutenberg , secure Literary help future . Project information about the can , gutenberg non Literary . of laws a and about the To Literary and support that generations come Project collection provide In at is Foundation page or deductible tax office laws to Contributions S - Foundation's NJ date U federal page depends Section Gutenberg donations to carry mission of by up , and Foundation's Project widespread without Donations Archive domain public - important equipment . accessible form works donations widest be SEND locations keep particular states where state a we who no . donate we donors to donations a pages laws but donate of solicit , contributions org . written confirmation any , current our . be and produced he only electronic About . anyone For are forty support . created network that the electronic of do To of copyright Literary , PG . we main any included not the org and Gutenberg about .