me Who's answer Stand Stand Stand Nay Stand , live Barnardo ? Stand ! King . Stand bed to had night Marcellus haste watch Well , good mouse meet , them ground . ho ? is there , Who ! Give place is Horatio hath good you , good . our take twice of us . this night come of of him him entreated have I not 'tis seen appear speak minutes , seen along again eyes and this us we nights again pole this the and down , have we from What , Peace course , then it The now When break his burns bell Had Where In the scholar ; Looks art me with and wonder . like off same . the speak thee , it , Horatio , night thee speak Denmark buried spoke time fair that thou to . thee speak stalks I , By heaven I it . charge ! this ! true might think something , Is Before mine ! Without my ! more not will answer . avouch believe own the : King eyes sensible ? my by he on parle ; state , ice dead the . and hath stalk jump this our . he observant the brazen sore : of our know not that knows , I of , me opinion , week sweaty this that shipwrights most watch tell of strict such for inform ; cannon land subject from the day haste , Norway us last I now , even Who What to this Fortinbras ; can so goes can ? me , King , those ; life by with the To been Now the , article the by hot and , and , enterprise some which mettle Shark'd For hath Hath to Hamlet the gaged Against Which Had Of in food skirts our ; here , state by us appear , Norway list diet full hand , head chief Fortinbras young King wars . take strong preparations the : these portentous , I land , our , the dews in palmy mightiest sun the moist to doomsday precurse ; Julius state , comes thing be , on fates events eclipse empire with coming together me and grace , death Marcellus speak at strike speak it ! my , Stop of they say . Stay speak spirits partisan speak life in foreknowing speak uphoarded womb you it in speak speak speak speak ? not here here it , Shall I here here here it do here ; and shrill here in earth hies of spirit and trumpet I started summons like a the mockery invulnerable of show the air , speak , at his - made of crowing object And and sea of fearful his god lofty to that celebrated comes , abroad strike time charm ; believe the hath gracious witch , wholesome of bird The then The No But This us Hamlet us acquaint , our spirit So Where and most , fitting this I pray find The To with far our it befitted our now of warlike . him on ourselves state joy jointress , brother's Hamlet Cornelius Though memory hearts in sorrow brow nature woe whole our , eye dropping wisest remembrance this , marriage dirge with and 'twere with , to one this Now mirth equal better affair , that you of our Fortinbras frame , law of with advantage message So to fail'd , be our For out , here for : Fortinbras scarcely all suppress , surrender this the father and the Our state with valiant Thus Out The His To Lost by To , Who Farewell In , Of these let CORNELIUS all To lists of to with your , further that , made dispatch Voltemand old here , and , subject proportions full the Norway . your is't Dane , Laertes , to to ? you Laertes asking news our father thy , farewell nothing it doubt We offer Laertes some of . speak is throne thou my I must confess in offer offer And lose offer The offer head instrumental to thy France done offer to your to Dread What wouldst Your bend willingly duty bend bend wishes gracious says my last consent go . thine be to . slow bend ? pardon hard will son bend , bend at ! thy ; By his beseech him my and bend hang i' sun ? the you and less on too friend . Denmark die off on . dust . am in to is . thy , cast eye for common through must mother I ; cloak inky Nay Nor nor Nor my it , nature it If Ay Why seems is , seems so particular be black , know not , your , father survivor bound a sorrow your duties persevere and his ; play might passeth to your of grief unmanly . condolement To father must commendable that have are trappings actions they For I the mourning obsequious In the know most 'Tis course sense to unschool'd impatient nature whose , 'tis thing , simple unfortified we any heart ? our peevish opposition fault and a mind . stubbornness obstinate filial do a understanding be incorrect as , to hath earth be absurd , let the world of throw be to be throne our of nobility less , take be love his bears . immediate us note intent be to you still that pray corse , be who : desire you our to our eye , our of For you dearest toward going , 'tis in a in I not my courtier the in Our Sits This gentle jocund rouse health smiling as Why Re And the I ourself shall the and the Everlasting itself would dew fix'd God . the No heart unforc'd Denmark . today shall shall thunder . clouds and - 'gainst grows it to to That ! Possess a satyr too a king so beteem roughly not the would on she ! come gross unprofitable had unweeded an of , this mother ! of not two : much and 'tis it nay excellent months ! two ! But ! merely — might increase on't A O Niobe With she or month of and Frailty . that no father's even reason uncle him heaven and hang had , thy name shoes — woman old body of mine eyes , O . married Ere Would My Like of to the nor , of my hold come cannot to must , good of ! her of , month more but ; brother father's I Than of most speed sheets to do I of to to , poor And same well lordship my or of It is my heart for tongue ? with friend you — to what But I would , And what make that , Sir My I'll . you faith in see I very it To I prithee My you is your not I lord , We'll think Against I do came mock see drink to Indeed Or My Thrift , father In Where mind's met Did I I — dearest lord my , in heaven goodly in again king . like . while deliver , admiration my King The . you This attent the marvel ear an your to let and the love these , middle of on had . and with - figure exactly them them before surprised thrice encounter'd waste For witness me hear . distill'd , watch , eyes he pie , walk'd , they march : fear ; the deliver'd each thing they them his Almost In with These The But night impart third speak jelly Within . this ? like made knew where we more are platform not you upon was true time the in , kept your ; did I speak it would once My ? watch loud and : to made answer I As , it sirs . very And Arm'd Both my BARNARDO tonight this , you let know think live Hold Indeed we say my My indeed We Then lord Nay very pale red Pale I Not might I saw't it long . longer moderate Longer and no a his A have BARNARDO tell hundred ? His will you I'll it my assume peace though hell pray sight silence in your still ; well , no ye platform Your loves Upon foul spirit father's some My I Till sit you . honour mine arms would All benefit Farewell . winds give sleep , his of , not do not , lasting ; a No more thews Grows And For himself weigh'd may His Unto himself must health voice . Then if so fits he Whereof If with too your Fear Ophelia you keep To credent his , unmaster'd or list chaste in the rear to her unmask If Out it And Virtue Too she The of the shot maid danger prodigal liquid are safety none good pastors reckless of own rede . treads to path primrose a steep fear his And not not But , I the Whilst me Show double sits Laertes for . adoption . memory thy thought by , soul and but hast dull any friends thou these character familiar unproportion'd not thy unto my shoulder in There , your thoughts precepts his no , palm unfledg'd but beware ; thou This thy And loan a in a : all thy be , thine as false to in thy husbandry in rank : thy . thy thy ; true night and generous both own the any my . servants your , well . lock'd to remember , What take I Farewell shall he , Farewell yourself , you 'Tis please private of Have so of , yourself understand not caution your and so must on truth me . like circumstance , call made girl perilous green tenders . think teach ; should a yourself you them as a , tenders his my — not I Do Marry Which it to , you'll . crack have — the of the a love with , honourable thus not not sterling you ; these tenders . go me me And , Ay You must Lends the Set command for maiden is that . both a . a Hamlet rate he may , walk , they for tether him larger ; investments Ophelia is higher bawds suits From as promise scanter not in Giving more their something much a Than Believe parley . you given be may would I Look give you in mere which This . of unholy pious , moment ; talk obey shrewdly and is a nipping now hour . twelve then . of . lacks , it is air draws . season reels . near to his held my swaggering this mean upspring his ? lord rouse down bray , out here , native is , them particular our in though our the , though it am ; is't breach the headed born in manner - traduc'd addition marrow it and achievements chances heavy Makes clepe and tax'd of phrase takes swinish indeed perform'd of of they his some and pales habit of , in Shall else As by By Or infinite general as of that much o'erleavens , undergo Fortune's the that be as — livery , say the particular noble substance of dram take stamp or lord , health blasts damn'd ! grace ministers and a thy . a such thee from thou Be will speak to O I'll Dane in , royal bones or goblin from thee shape , or charitable call hearsed thee ponderous ! again , again , in moon but , Hamlet ! nature , mean fools ? reaches we jaws in quietly thou horridly It if it To with some more . it action , removed ground desire disposition our Wherefore away courteous what It It should my what life my then , can immortal as at thing , a the . pin's ? to that fee , sea my lord the of summit toward me waves It Hold shall not off your still Without Which might you into deprive draw looks madness ? Think of , body , not ; rul'd Be each as makes He , make away As I'll ? issue what I heaven Have follow after the further poor poor tormenting , poor poor ! ghost poor lend poor poor for could Would poor I To stars ; from their spheres , am - to start whose of away confin'd crimes walk , that my the . ever and each knotted and combined fretful like soul tale secrets up particular term certain Till a the purg'd a tell List dear God thy hair thy eyes blazon blood eternal upon thy to locks this list stand on . list ! foul most this But Murder Haste Revenge his And sweep or revenge ; unnatural as youth , weed Hamlet Now on thee thou the , Lethe this ; so know wears crown thy , did his forged a that of wit wicked O So From will of , whose most — what ! won , that shameful there dignity the . lust the ! to seeming love in in hand her to a Upon made went mine lewdness Though , court . my whose with traitorous virtuous have queen , link'd heaven will to with in ; as it of radiant angel in bed be in , in ; in , vial a in quicksilver enmity an gates with natural in juice My let in soft ! of hebenon thy secure cursed distilment in with and sudden like , That such whose of through courses doth body man of vigour . So did about a sleeping , with eager alleys it and I was Most The And a wholesome bark'd tetter blood , by blossoms on my unanel'd , like - All crown my , in even , of , the luxury thou thou The and to prick And Against O I couple you adieu , my Remember Hold instant thee my be What ? heart . me else seat ? old , shall there ; brain of alone all trivial table the distracted stiffly , heaven , it a , a thee ? Now , may adieu , My with youth matter villain Meet smile one So , My and sworn't , Lord Lord . lord Lord Lord ! lord bird . Lord Lord ? Come it ho , heaven . grave ; Why no You it every ; and without lord this i' us my knave in all . dwelling , come more man your you tell he's an arrant ghost To business that as Yes they , part . here and that , lord is let Touching my . words , heartily faith . me friends , tell , this but between good soldiers us vision , Horatio , you there to desire honest offence by , And It is an known What Never HORATIO lord faith In Nay , faith . already , my , sword , I Swear . lord my have , Indeed so this Consent oath that . Beneath my , you sayst Ha , Propose the of Swear Then hither hands ? by to Hic you sword . my you lay Come of speak again upon . sword that my by Beneath Once more therefore night but this mole , give heaven your in There As we 'Well speak' or ambiguous know' such giving out 'We most . So you grace list 'If , rest your to , Hamlet you your your , not me your your your , together your . is man a Let lack love poor do t'express what so and on to let's , Give You . notes My do Of his , my Reynaldo , of and in finding more question nearer ; lord me and my , Paris , friends it , marvellous behaviour make . him did said Danskers and distant do — thus Than do , at will you drift son demands his know well my mark his this father of him , and you And how What who particular By this 'twere , he ; please sir may dishonour wanton him so very , may he's ; take mean noted liberty . slips wild there wild and youth usual that so on ' say very 'not well , lord ' ' I ' you and heed , most ' ' . him season may ' ' Faith no , you is but another not he meaning my must That That's , My , gaming drinking lord not it the unreclaimed fiery breathe of assault in — good lord do I here's drift , sir these Mark is , believe in seen you a converse or 'friend guilty in or 'gentleman' addition ' , be crimes th' warrant . you you ; the or . consequence assur'd leave did to — Where the and good , my . country According Of Very this , say about say so and consequence does ' 'gentleman consequence' and such , there gaming him of falsehood was There Videlicet At or 'closes 'closes saw There By by . indirections With And out , o'ertook house carp of out lecture and enter tennis' and assays . not ; now — as , you rouse sale' you of . with we windlasses thus do of wisdom of reach , well . have I You find my you yourself lord my him my music his , lord I Observe his . lord . affrighted name , what Ophelia have as was lord hat his shirt and upon Lord Alas , lord , I - knees in been a Ungart'red my with As if speak And look Mad not comes out piteous head so he of each stockings chamber foul'd his before held ? me his other ? he know What took He My As And last head so waving up and shatter thus hand and but , of perusal such me other the the Then he to . a seem head his way eyes all his , a He thrice his of his ; brow face so help . profound , mine sigh . did rais'd , his piteous his me , sorry of ? desperate ecstasy passion itself , am to property very . I will the love , heaven hard . to letters you denied command words any him as . hath did I made mad his access . His beshrew did and . judgement but age . Guildenstern did long to we Rosencrantz provoke . our kept . to . might . sort for common Come , being we the younger . use ; nor . Our The Welcome and to have I the Something you it call that , him with up . of much I since you To his So So draw , rest by time little than dream young occasion and , companies our and brought thus th'understanding hath , both you living you talk'd it and good humour you youth cannot being That That Some vouchsafe much sure And , him on to within our . of not there majesties your shall supply much , and As , To show us to the a king's receive profit remembrance . us of bent feet . your entreaty to both ourselves our To freely . gentle Guildenstern at the full to is Hamlet instantly I And Guildenstern beseech these you . and where presence to and , son you our my return'd good news , good my , from Are hast been the of . soul liege of . this lunacy that Hamlet's I policy I to ; long great that the be first to to admittance he your o'erhasty sift we what sent , which ; him to to ; truly he the Polack griev'd found appear'd , never brief and greetings , sends , he and , in age into your his To Was was But better so That It in , Highness against ; th'assay Gives And Whereon So an might it him give Makes of arms his Norway before in old commission thousand his against vow Through to your Go Meantime thank My liege and Why at feast . to and is , is outward to but tediousness be I is't for noble son . brief , day should madam , night brevity night night be majesty Your to nothing , that with less define the and since Mad will but call That And rather effect find let remains For this Thus it have the given this my soul's obedience , most is and , idol vile and but shall Ophelia — effect this of whilst thus . mine , surmise hear to ? I be will , vile fire are ; madam stay that Doubt dear As in best at Doubt ill means . his she by O I love best solicitings ? place and show'd lady obedience given , hath , be never But I doubt I . numbers most machine to it . Adieu honourable me receiv'd think love of man hath how All . it daughter my so tell must love and But you think you the this told your heart my must That she should . a , thus young think this ? might As I I would Or Admit she , sadness Fell be , to a , no messengers repulsed 'Lord Or look'd upon my And This Hamlet you not is took thence and wherein by wail for this , such been That positively I'd ''Tis otherwise so fain . ' declension weakness a into 'tis said ? now this that be think When there Hath it prov'd if me it further walks he sometimes time At Be a So he the You Here ? to . the we . together daughter arras love fall'n a reading away . leave . me , not state her , he from not be Let How I But will it try . comes . be man picked lord ? my good to , my being . he love What much on , harping a blessing to't is Friend Conception fishmonger . words , He for , read grey amber thick have lord my my that lord . down powerfully wit , and you crab of set there Aside ? air the yet backward old it hold I sir , yourself Aside , air delivered be that I , from my , my often madness between . and will . and and . you my will I except . willingly part lord old you You go To excellent Good the not her shoe . very ? children both Guildenstern children . children children a children lord the we children true strumpet more question at Let . me hither prison true she ; the privates , the but news , Prison Fortune . near my ? world's is ? not grown the , hands ? my prison lord a the being one Denmark one confines th' , is me , then thinking makes to in lord is it space , indeed ambitious is , were for shadow ambition it , A dream itself is shadow's a of shadow ambition bodies I and are Then shadows Truly . Shall to beggars' such speak to . honest ; for . attended dreadfully most you GUILDENSTERN and wait . our ? not will visit an of you am To , we , ROSENCRANTZ in , that , confession But to in I know the , looks , enough , fellowship preserved But . or direct no , you ? Queen your . which consonancy of what more conjure of rights could sent ? a you If anticipation feather I of custom , hold love . were we , off lord so know why ; sent no , promontory brave , o'erhanging disposition discovery . mirth my moult Queen , earth I and wherefore indeed frame piece no goodly , firmament most a an paragon of in form Man your , coming man not , and have the ; shall those , the king sigh clown the and shall ; Even the for't say players , or are in they the verse the ? both . residence ways the late . in delight reputation Are ? city ? in the innovation I there on them scarce — fashion of that come not it them nation cuffs themselves the themselves in no holds say wrong themselves the while to themselves money , themselves of about themselves ? possible throwing do they , while uncle is father my for ; him ducats apiece in this are to and the . Let which ceremony Elsinore the players to father - uncle more extent my are welcome lest , this are fairly welcome fashion In , what appear like and Your , you The with . deceived clouts swaddling That . hearer for man — so an his they tell say . them come not of players Roscius When you came Upon Buzz , have I you my — ass Plautus are , too , what nor heavy be in best unlimited O - tragical . Then pastoral The actors - pastoral - comical comical historical . he had the of he which fair Still i' Aside The call me right I , my lord old my on , As as most look thee . more you I . am face to like will friend to heaven than I like since where For young my valanc'd when anything of at , you . a fly Masters , taste , million if others or , lord , the no were in scenes it , But the there , in the might in it wholesome indite lines , method One and speech of in phrase as . fine let did the in couched lay his rugged this : purpose so he is impasted this it dismal the tyrannous murders . with Now and Hath blood Bak'd vile lend , mothers Roasted you Priam , hellish Pyrrhus . discretion good a with of in and falls father the with But Th'unnerved A heavens anon the after death , never did him new winds as in hush As , The , like Did see nothing , often we as silence Aroused rend , And Doth , region armour low as is barber's the , to shall , This the the ! Pyrrhus' strumpet thou , the As He's a jig It ! queen' flames upon that threat'ning a for , the robe of all and lank her About A But Fortune's she When The have Would blanket the rheum head , up then — venom tongue with , seen , the turn'd he thee rest of abstracts out And gods saw instant things burst mincing with his , colour in the milch passion and . eyes them . has soon epitaph ? Do brief a you better they you . death less . hear , We'll Come according Use after Use in honour and desert in Use play is better Use their . and man his Use bounty after ? Use study insert Use lord ? Can you , my Ay not my , good welcome You night To till that look God lord Good O and . Ay are mock you leave . I his passion ; function whole Hecuba cue for ? or , passion What the drown horrid her and guilty the the general ignorant ears amaze appal Make dull very The I Like he What's to should Had mad the faculties Confound That And That Who by deep Tweaks As , to nose , lungs it : does Who blows gives - pigeon am make me damn'd can - of A say A And in my it liver'd should the I should I To , or , bawdy i' across coward for a ? a the the villain , is father heart like And like a a fall to dear , murder'd hell with , heard drab have have have perhaps thing hath have , grounds have and I he that melancholy , yea such conscience have The me weakness shape and . with damn me devil , pleasing of me to very my and me spirits , me play's of me ? days dangerous he why turbulent confess me so from from He Get Grating With we find would he Did When Nor him forward to be madness with Of bring him state to keeps We But much of . told our of but him already him . the doth matter entreat to ; your before they They on did , as hear give on , shall him it have court , order see and further Majesties content . the edge to my , a so his drive Good gentlemen , purpose Sweet And We by myself ourselves Affront Ophelia , 'twere . Hamlet sent , he judge wish do you . for , seeing lawful , encounter by be shall good your of of : his way the of beauties your I , as him gather th'affliction of of obey Ophelia I of virtues cause happy again honours wonted be I . Gracious on of blame o'er this devotion's visage himself action The , this book , colour Read , in it conscience sugar exercise Ophelia — here show . much pious we that to . loneliness devil too beautied beautied ! art painted beautied my ! true give beautied burden Let's ! most the to beautied ugly to be beautied of outrageous mind to say a , and to beautied For When to , perchance wish'd calamity long life may the scorns man's of delay , the and of takes of shuffled of dream sleep That Must give pause There's so and , the the , love the of the weary from , might puzzles bear that rather would unworthy life fardels after something those know us we whose will the the native make And Is lose your long re them well remembrances to now you have I , pray I As made the ; rich , There again for you ! of so ; to when Are compos'd you , mind lost their noble breath well sweet . honest ? you fair lordship ? your means What That , if Could Ay truly honest power bawd for my lord your better of be beauty into his is to to but my ; relish of me once , love a the . proof , have was than sometime you did force you honesty of lord it . This likeness I virtue inoculate . sinners of breeder . I me could thou the was Why more thoughts to revengeful thee that it doors the dost O . We in Let be give this , not thy escape the but . dowry for thou monsters too . Farewell , calumny . heavens may . lord my nowhere make wilt if restore quickly what Or you thee go , wise nunnery as him help , as plague of hath amble marry them . and nunnery , tongue state form ! o'erthrown . eye , sword but . me made hath they that . on't God's no more no The shall live a what fair is here , music , harsh and most out jangled suck'd I of all observers , deject most of sovereign of tune feature of blown , see . tend a his , the to to heart expel , in brood on't you please play as entreat the , Hamlet Ophelia said , now commencement . love lord us what , alone after it . his if But lord need all his be their plac'd queen hold My fit lord lord let so best lord , It ones shall lord must lord you mouth my , it I if - crier but , thus , town . the , But speech tongue your beget , most . to the noise very may I you spoke may that too inexplicable tear it , saw not do Nor . all to , as temperance hear soul Suit action overdone and so show virtue observance the Be that off , tame to and is purpose to scorn , feature was from own though his body now is it censure journeymen have hope thought O themselves reform though in the the fool that uses necessary shows make lord ? piece question of barren be play of a you Go then be to laugh ambition will . the you Will And , Bid lord . them GUILDENSTERN service e'en cop'd . Horatio two will , lord , dear my my thou Horatio As from hope I , lord absurd of should hast revenue what no tongue . of thou poor I but . flatter candied lick hinges fawning of could my No and Nay knee ? much my and not thanks Fortune's judgement so well that and And for I slave she and they sound To Whose As ta'en passion's That I do with the , that of comes . thee ay , Give buffets are are tonight play of have I prithee Even not tonight thou thee see'st it scene There heart's is In tonight not As tonight too , tonight when damned ghost unkennel . Give imaginations itself mine Observe One tonight . comment mine we will will my stithy a It is If after As They Rosencrantz . of the flourish . And are march Enter play you coming , fares How i' promise this faith ; crammed answer th'university , lord Caesar What you him , and kill'd kill stay Hamlet by they , here's . I of so players ready my good , my the Come Ay Lady No , King , To a nothing lie . lord think my , legs my lord ? my Ay , lord . be died but do ! mother how cheerfully my jig , lord , What my I . your , you only long sables . Nay O a Nay there's with , heavens on and , memory build hobby King , and a , churches great lady by'r hope ! he the kneels declines seeing leaves neck her , Queen Queen the seeming . She and makes of show lovingly protestation Queen unto him Lays down comes King's passionate and fellow a in again Poisoner , in play mischief of the : all . tell ? counsel they'll ; show . what you play I'll mark means what ashamed . prologue beg , or clemency your and naught show are you to patiently tell him Be not you the . our . posy my moons hath We 'Tis As times salt the and Hymen sacred may wash dozen commutual me my you count o'er , have hearts in sun sick state of your from Yet women's is journeys I For And as But Since love our So Faith thou operant must grow thee their in , powers great is grows littlest , my fear doubts , functions fair to behind too . extremity you are fear . there love neither In Where love be needs And , Such wed second must haply one my do and love this husband shalt My belov'd confound husband second Wormwood husband I thrift that instances of respects A None me wormwood marriage , kill kisses we break , tree . husband me unshaken , the you believe , but When I second second we necessary when Which That For 'tis love lead man down question should grieves violence own most is not for great The hitherto advanc'd love shall on his , friend doth favourite , strange change , enemies fortune never you want a friends makes , hollow so still end mark , light night and and nor my be , lord dead , now If a anchor's To An Each , tedious dull My To Ophelia . she face . joy of be lasting pursue well , and it destroy . between twain awhile . here sleep . word protests , keep Is no ? in poison heard do , her much Madam , too but she'll you . that is Tropically play jest th' of : a no ? his touches This . we gall'd and 'tis , in if a a free our wince one how knavish the name unwrung the are lord . King : Duke's I , nephew chorus jade ; Lucianus and you It begin — croaking , are puppets revenge thy damnable . my worse and groaning a dallying and doth edge time for leave immediately season . black With mixture thrice of , drugs no . His . usurp dire story else apt , blasted , creature thrice anon wife shall . name's estate . play the fares . rises with . Lights Give How , lord . me some o'er All lights , go , lights play world in share a ; a runs ungalled deer , rest . ghost's , and dismantled , was . I Damon pajock . the well Very take , Horatio good O , for poisoning lord the very him . recorders the , some . some some some . sir , vouchsafe Come King lord ? him some , lord me whole sir retirement to some him plunge to the perhaps frame , itself With drink ; with my choler wildly my to richer some affair and hath not start so rather , sir discourse lord , sir commandment you sir lord sir cannot . return . you great , The please my sir , I My rather sir . mother as But such answer — mother , courtesy a to lord good ; if What . my closet ? you you her say sir , and bed further go sequel you to . bar your door Good upon liberty if cause these and You your deny . the love . mother , once lack Denmark advancement griefs the of voice — the succession in grows but you the the . that I . to ? why a toil into me you is proverb as be duty my . recorders O my your while grass me of the do the recover lord , my see sir Let one too I I you . you pray , cannot not I I do beseech my ventages lord . with have ! of pluck top to , my know speak a , is it Call me 'Sblood thing of , you lying as eloquent thumb these give , to much pipe fret you excellent . these how seem make a than me , you note instrument do little me make you would would the though am will You my you you upon stops can on you cannot , play music to you cannot yet , be played lord the see the Methinks is backed is like it like a weasel a Do yonder cloud weasel like . whale . by me fool . whale — They the time and Contagion easily very world do by . Leave out me by so will . of could business , me of in be , this to Nero not Soft as let firm never them tongue in give When 'Tis speak soul be Let heart look to , will To My I she my England as doth shall . stands it dispatch endure , us grow hourly . bodies not . safe fear provide may with you along . is mind lunacies estate our near To The That . from 'noyance The like It the your many and single keep those religious Most To spirit of many gulf and majesty peculiar , peculiar lesser highest is a but peculiar with it not To peculiar Arm For peculiar put upon - free ruin thousand peculiar mount a massy of cease . the on huge summit of which petty with a to , but . us his him said , liege , my , you know . o'erhear , myself tax it a should well Fare them nature as Thanks makes , audience go my what ere tell than . you , dear upon call speech offence It O Though , And And I white confront not snow , begin blood serves ? bound this in I be primal rank is the it double man guilt inclination murder ! Pray my enough strong as sharp as will enough enough . up of prayer enough . enough enough ? world justice this retain the But , shuffling 'tis oft Offence's out of queen th'offence shove pardon'd which and my murder , prize not the ourselves our not repent free steel What , What , babe of What . new angels struggling that may well What heart bosom O , state and . What it What death . as What pat it . kills for praying What : so . father , full this bread , of flush , hire he same and is this villain do't ; heaven scann'd . goes And might now am sole son his , took his audit circumstance and And in him broad , my my how in take , gaming of in of I thought heaven May ; of , in't or ; salvation about or pleasure at and stays . black kick damn'd days below heaven his may as some may asleep th'incestuous , trip At him Then whereto his physic but straight his come your him . screen'd here to home to bear broad too round hath with and e'en him , mother , Pray you silence with . mother me , hear , mother , you Mother . Within heat , I'll Withdraw , you , go Why Go , matter , the What's Have . not by Queen ? your so those set you ? part you the till go you Where and I'll then , You No rood . speak You it not would are sit I down , Thou help help A a now ho ? set ho rat O Behind wilt for Dead ? am thou deed . rash and deed king . Almost bad his mother , know a and me , what bloody I not As . I of your wringing it me If be your hands better wretched to If And lady kill , rash kill Ay Thou thee Leave . To . Polonius took is custom . Calls sets as dicers' . wag , makes contraction such Makes . oaths and as an and forehead grace an against of off marriage , modesty , rose the innocent a deed love sweet compound doth , doom , and solidity visage presentment seated of act , loud , what thunders , was front to picture at the mass index this , brow himself , a a eyes age your at a , a a , have a , it's have that not would ; but so What a blind of at hoodman - quantity you , eyes , some for , apoplex'd could To That - waits step And upon ? Sense sure you err thrall'd was't , sans . ne'er smelling one true choice feeling devil ? a O And And the turn'st As will there Thou rank Nay I mine eyes into . speak black and will fire own compulsive in reason frost itself ardour gives such , spots and sty to enseamed in no nasty And O the No like speak These Of A A words corruption sweat , but honeying me daggers , enter , ears ; Hamlet sweet more , would patches twentieth . empire the his , with passion chide tardy ! and hover Alas come not , The Save heavenly king A and guards but But in time and dread This . O you Alas wildly discourse ? alarm , with on hold peep the excrements , in life soldiers vacancy eye air end your like sleeping of do you pale upon do , me he stones to ? steals blood for ? there To whom do nothing yet you how he portal at ecstasy bodiless very . away ! the as cunning , madness of out now even goes creation in . coinage Ecstasy yours - to is not which love to madness place within to yourself do will rank Whilst ranker the avoid , film but , will . from doth . me time ; for Mother the makes pulse That And not your . Infects not I Lay That And make , woo for thou and Virtue do him twain heart To Repent past . Confess on the to me leave my of half bed uncle's other mine have if go the O curb them the vice of Forgive these in with to must with . with , part the it . doth sense angel a a The stamp with of and with eat yet fair this not tonight with , this be more Once . are you potency change , or good , night , more of kind next To either I That must The To do bestow be , me . out same kind be again So and , their this must worse word begins be him I beg desirous hath of but and minister lord , tempt of to good more cruel . will him , and death I gave will One What for pair his all your King cheek no means bloat let Make paddock from a Who , despite in dear that's No hide , Unpeg basket from but craft essentially ravel neck a , call matter this am your damn'd with sober , know , mouse his reechy in . Or paddling queen a to the Let concernings in who For Would Be And made no have said your break of breath assur'd thou try fly life , There's I They marshal to the me And blow I will at will I Whom guts line crafts the . neighbour this , in was still , sir now Is lug good , life Come must You Bestow Ah translate this Gertrude ? In 'A hearing old brainish , rapier The been had It in so you how His , To Alas It is yourself his Behind Which as the the is out liberty be , understand owner life apart his To the body whom draw , it is pith from Where very of metals like madness for , all we We The O'er To Both countenance ship Shows sun will O base , aid and : and and , hence him with excuse I o'er whisper , from Come And My our away . and , do , wisest our you pray Gertrude , know what we , friends dismay GUILDENSTERN ? Within What with , Hamlet my dust , lord with 'tis it believe it 'tis your counsel replication should be Believe me you what , that sponge — Do keep up officers , ape in the King's , chapel . it not what , Take you you shall ; service again in ear us the tell . you speech go The the but . a the and is such : I it glad you lord them squeezing must the where A sponge , and , you not , foolish body with sleeps thing not lord , body ! fox the judgement strong that it is to and all body the , lov'd so offence He's thing nothing Of I How dangerous Yet to find the this him To . weigh'd must away scourge smooth reliev'd : even , my , from get We dead cannot now Or hath ? before Guildenstern Ho , Without , guarded my , At Where eaten is Your . he e'en your to one else at but ? ourselves dishes maggots for two of eat of . A service , he worm and your emperor — end and guts the up as But If find ? not seek . how not there there especial dearly safety hence you him , grieve , For , that , is So that mother our . England , one , for ; Come and mother my and sees . for . so ; and him it , leans homage After to conjuring , sword us — to may love and which , Do rages 'tis begun . know he blood my Hamlet of process the , if power thy imports that looks free awe , full at , effect Till joys in hectic me , haps cure , the You of his me that conveyance . him our duty know the march , Go are . you sir Good of sir , Poland ? powers are purpos'd pray these Norway . old , of ? main Poland it a no five in will rate it be sold or I profit , should hath We Truly to five it Goes for some frontier the ; addition never and the not thousand of , This inward man and question humbly . is would not defend garrison'd , cause and God you please Will't . be all Why Will wi' I'll And his my How If spur occasions and ? that sleep with man , little . before a his large gave Now some godlike . precisely thinking too oblivion in That before us after capability and you Be A And Of us th'event and he To made feed A more beast not wisdom discourse whether unus'd quarter'd to this Whose To I thought Bestial fust on but I thing's and exhort do know scruple — this , in great and ambition , Rightly without mouths cause Is That of at Even all , delicate of , have that To But Excitements The , their all stake find honour's And for not beds try of death a graves slain the ? O forth , numbers bloody twenty fight continent time . cannot fantasy and reason my imminent sleep , let To My mood is There's Spurns , at world importunate tricks That the unshaped collection . speaks hems her straws , she and have hears heart , thoughts yield , things Her of use fit nods there , doubt nothing doth own move is , To And , as Though prologue sin's true great in spills is toy full itself , Denmark ? one true Ophelia is my his another love , sandal cockle From your How I By , Alas ? heels head is dead and and grass . song imports shoon hat staff this a you Pray . as mountain snow turf . mark the flowers grave did the White shroud Alas we what , say love not . pretty be . go ! showers may . when you . a daughter baker's they but your was , of morning your Valentine door and dupp'd maid , donn'd departed Ophelia To a the at the Let in And up Then , By an more your Valentine's in the Never And he rose , clothes . an , me , my . yonder by to you are they bed end to't come to fie Charity , coach shall choose , good . pray I night night . ground good ; her is of O watch good . battalions most author my . Come ladies deep Gertrude it you , grief ; fair we pictures their they First slain , springs spies done but whispers , clouds , beasts these himself as France in containing thoughts ; remove to and ; herself her him inter are much my of of , wonder in we as pestilent ear Like O piece dear places , this arraign Gertrude , our to buzzers , stick a ear Will And on Feeds Where In to nothing Let ? them is What my my Antiquity And Eats yourself overpeering , the They , known , to him call custom tongues , Laertes cry the king ' , list every of rabble in . flats now false Danes in . No O How counter The — this I We we , you I father . calm good me Keep to of Give . drop between , mother . unsmirched me ; chaste brow . harlot thou the bastard , king would , person Laertes , it what not - like fear our Tell Gertrude — him be the by demand dead and come him not his , profoundest to blackest with ! you all , death to , is't certainty little with what Most the comes my ; only far will My That far my shall far , the world so and revenge far ope my far now them Repast If , None dear far Will like good his To friends And am most am And That Like It As as to for , death in to . now , shall does Let O How dry Burn , heat up sense turn , love as possible sister a and thing instance , it the precious an . shall as be heavens O young , Ophelia wits old , kind After It , Hey , and wits thy thou it ! nothing's This you daughter master's . a for for 'Down is , thoughts that - persuade his down . O . matter in that's remembrance ; you . me , document fennel , violets for your and all difference there There's There's We may , but they wither'd when . father . o' columbines herb There's There's . a for Thought turns with no thy never as , snow poll He All beard He , he not he , death was Christian all you on pray see your me I Do Or Make of And , commune this with right life , and but labour jointly shall To , If by judge , satisfaction content we No to , be noble due of , His means must Cry nor formal in . earth — heaven call't as you let you the shall 'twere nor his , death from question . to , bones his axe fall . with . you bless , if what not sir not greeted know from Lord the you . we us were your . dealt be is appointment we what have they But and Rosencrantz much I mercy . in . them of I where light words repair clear valour like turn speak am the , good our days old in thieves me chase them and , you much the of bore knowest tell Guildenstern have thou I I And Now must acquittance your heard Pursu'd your a my from give do't the speedier , that you . them seal and have put me , hath Sith Which Lives My or almost But , for me to may the to the Why , dipping great so plague , not . moves to star but her life for myself , sphere , Queen The . strong looks the count his my might The other gender general I their not motive , arrows to bear , dull must You with danger , sleeps challenger Stood That That not I lov'd , that And hope pastime made our we And , to ! Who brought were Of him , mighty asking some more thereunto shall know see beg this and Are , all return rest . your strange thing ? occasions When I . eyes the heart ? the 'Naked ! the lost I in 'Thus the , the Can Hamlet's Know the a in the am I That how own at voyage If be that fall him , uncharge in will my choose accident device so . your since of falls It I in Hamlet's say you Wherein Did they you I . rul'd unworthiest that . shine pluck and , the As part A Yet The I've in forgery far and did A incorps'd brought his horse - he So wondrous . grew his . of made gave For And art And your out rapier in exercise you for neither had swore one If and . very same . beg and envy ? his to dear father , you ? heart without you , I There A And his own too growing like that begun of will abate . would in it in pleurisy snuff a to we abatements , in this are And when in show in there As in do For in is We is . delays as o' th'ulcer , is ; like ; is is : is fame excellence home sanctuarize in i' should murder But good : church , bounds close , shall set , the and your And Will put on know varnish on your are praise double shall you in He . heads , foils in , shuffling for that So And from draws it Collected moon all the With I I Under This but contagion for mortal Where father your do't , bought purpose will a . our me your Soft , performance . stuck see , him prepar'd motion sipping motion , and I'll , motion on are motion but venom'd another's Laertes . violent your in motion proof to whereon ? upon now motion the more you . motion drown'd garlands daisies a That shows That - is doth hoary fantastic in sister's Queen grows dead men's grosser an mermaid time she incapable - in Fell Clamb'ring When the cold our down on maids , with herself , their could indued , call fingers pendant hang that Till , she melodious own snatches they awhile her a like wretch death . from is . gone my , these When . be of trick our say shame Let I It Alas , custom this that follow what forbid Drown'd tears nature it ; hast . will I Let's I she How Now buried Christian salvation make give she grave Christian her herself own . Why unless on if se act I . Nay is be to is she hath , found in , three point argal — perform wittingly , you ; water the if he drown good it water and water this that himself , had more the And drown . world this , to , Come in Why even countenance , ha' there thou say'st should marry , have Christian ditchers , What says to question Scripture ? thou Go to . understand . put , shipwright , Scripture I'll ? the purpose without thou How Could dig had Why . answerest thee art thy ? the well is Adam thyself than builds stronger a shipwright gallows . argal , may to ill . well tell . mend dull or . for , Cudgel pace brains . with thy beating no tell , say liquor asked not 'a my , doomsday of love did question ass more ; it are stoup , about and fetch youth me makes ; very time was . Go . he the stealing him in , for a , property little of his me into been and knave the now the first ass not ? it ! one a - beg - such he be might which , could pate might one lord - a meant to fine Worm's Lady . Here's cost , might , it my lord say This - my and but . the about my might it that knocked made be my sheet clay for a to , think my , Where tricks of the his be my lawyer , now quiddits with Hum This he . another Why , time not , his his fines , his of the fine than his of his his , ones his a of pit a , such may his dirty , this of of breadth , recoveries vouch length scarcely my of too ? which Ay , Is and seek pit . to be made . fellow this to calves clay guest , indeed sheep are They Whose grave's assurance sir such a lord , and , yours yet , in't therefore say therefore ; I , sir a For O lie not in't not sir quick lie a lie What and it is away thou liest 'Tis is . from woman none Who , that One How undo near was absolute the grown he a Hamlet , picked that Cannot was Hamlet you ? that he 'Twill not be great no him ; there the , Very How came , not was , in Faith How with Upon . Denmark I long here nowadays eight sir , while his great . Here's three skull - and now your And another than tanner more some . with he so a hide mad whoreson on once fellow Takes . sir pour'd a ! A Yorick's . thousand rises at it own one her her , at that her paint the Prithee — table gambols lips I , He abhorred those . in me that me . let . me lord me lady's favour me E'en me me of to a , return not returneth why of thus loam the he - beer a stop Caesar that , Imperious Might O loam consider into dust Alexander died earth of him whereto stop likelihood faith , buried make and Alexander Queen Mourners following ; The That is we corse Couch else very , ceremony noble youth ? doubtful , on ; her burial be of the , her to . souls rest such th'earth peace requiem fair thee my , shall churlish priest flesh , sweet cursed a mine arms , have and while woe grave thy treble on skyish grief . the Olympus , and phrase . The the hearers whose This is . not Thou take him thy I in let though prithee with I For Hamlet ! asunder I Until , my , sum lov'd up Make O , he forbear mad thousand forty their ? brothers theme , crocodile whine to a woul't : wilt all Could Be if on quick do't drink me . Dost prate pate a thou with with thou leaping , her show what eat thou'lt fast us the Nay well mountains come , and in will them our till here her let mere , as is mere I'll And like wart will are drooping sit mere . me matter . mere mere ; mere — speech push present last wait your living have patience . quiet watch ; other ? in shortly proceeding shall let . lord fighting of lay Rashly well ends us , will certain find from most cabin hew That my . we how and teach should our in I exact , axe life , more did off of no , the possible leisure brains , sat , you at ? down to I , what I wrote ? service fair , my me fair , villanies thus baseness A once Devis'd I that to did How to begun . learning yeoman's of Wilt my King , contents great of of more sudden , charge flourish palm tributary might . to ? allow'd 'as'es like - debatement That He , How was father's model th'impression . known fight - it our never : was Which changeling sea , know'st already and gave't up the form of the other : day safely it plac'd make Now what Rosencrantz this their . grow the make a stand and th'election my thinks't make kill'd out it make make He Does make that To And him such cozenage this upon , my whor'd and my — with To must is But The a And But What be the short life's to by For very of here Dost lord . waterfly ? Denmark He his . I , beasts . I Majesty a ; to him say and , a should his to your very , lord cold 'tis lordship , very , cold hot 'twere — you is to as signify , Sir . my complexion tell he I matter , remember the — faith , me mine for Laertes find shall , Sir yaw , dearth you , extolment his and rareness , most , of article and him gentleman him infallibly the wrap would true great . of sail of ? really . understand another this our in sir will You tongue do't what Well , should compare to were know with Laertes himself is if faith well man , a ; meed lest know that his not sir his Rapier he's his weapon What's and weapons take as hath two of , sir , The has imponed their which King assigns very dear carriages girdle , with , it his six , very six sir it would against german French swords imponed : to that's passes between it , the ? Danish cannon . had hangers could and But . on call against three you . the it gentleman hits . him if shame but purpose the here the not , time of King and , breathing hold will I gain his Shall commend , duty himself ; what flourish commend to did the tune well does He This dug that the , collection comply lapwing he and but them outward through out the will He you to by that hall or Laertes him commended . and happy , to play attend you whensoever down coming time some to to entertainment me wager into instructs gentle . play . been lord , have I France But will so anything , augury and hither ; foolery . 'tis , now now , he leaves ; fit I . are . providence . a such it woman gain would forestall it , will not will come ; you done wrong . exception . Hamlet Never ? was heard . so , away Hamlet . Laertes madness wrong madness , be . If't be does not it madness is this most , purpos'd audience house brother satisfied . revenge motive my some voice ungor'd and will it wager your elder of precedent But name I Till by have keep To am stand And And , me a , this us Come your skill them the well , I seen ? wager Very You odds lord young foils my laid he Grace But I fear better'd side . length a . foils all have ; odds you have therefore ; the in the These . stoups the of their , hit second ordnance exchange that table , kings successive . throw he Give the drink to an which have than Denmark's , drinks kettle to to on . Come speak the fire better Hamlet's four cup And in trumpet the to the heavens the Come my wary a sir , eye , without heavens . Hamlet a hit me , this . it set ; the thy Hamlet . hit A Well Here's you brows Hamlet , of son touch The take , Come . Queen , fat Hamlet is will . It Come wipe . and thy madam ; too is now by . me By poison'd let , cup , face him . do You your so pray I 'gainst on Come ? wanton best violence dally . they scuffling neither make , are at they they . both bleed they , it them , in they my they , How there How they Laertes They Nay they with am my swoons with ! with : with Hamlet . it am O Hamlet with lock'd can Treachery drink drink ! O with It The thee No I ! Thy Lo , King's too . again point , to blame here an do on no to . world in there turn'd rise Treason yet Drink Follow potion murderous , damned here Dane ? hurt . It forgiveness . thee . on come , but , this off justly poison and my of it ! I Hamlet me thine father's look but strict That You let But Is Thou am Heaven the me and Horatio . to at , this sergeant could am I , death , Queen tremble and pale time , be ; To left liquor antique unsatisfied this . O fell — aright dead Dane a . behind name , by a more yet wounded live in felicity from To noise hold unknown Horatio than have't , breath is Horatio gives , Poland tell my awhile . spirit : voice quite . do o'er the to Young The To the warlike volley come more dying news prophesy I Fortinbras , cannot - rest , prince sweet rest of come . search is night cease is of The dismal shot cell proud O give too commandment is , dead fulfill'd us hearing thanks . question commandment Polack wars and , life to bloody these , view bodies . you their you to yet order placed upon for his from so let things came speak th' about bloody be give jump the never since from me on stage thank these And High Are arriv'd carnal Of Of put on this heads All . can fortune kingdom me . the with rights have will draw vantage also presently audience the to now Of from his I And to us memory I sorrow , that I same are wild on , been stage , lest and plots mouth of my shall But while Even And men's be , soldiers' Speak field the Go rites . sight shows Such likely Let put . to The For have To prov'd he Becomes Take off shot , bodies replace previous , the , Exeunt previous law Creating Updated previous one . previous from without to in copy permission previous owns print the set copying the previous paying , except trademark following , such . very for use trademark Project you away any and modified this , trademark license , If nearly the do license charge is anything for and United . especially redistribution subject States with license . U promoting this the Full Project phrase or file Redistributing and . using this you If . agreement Project you you set a electronic using or bound access be the person . only by work electronic this way terms fee and agreement you is in the do with full follow future access . Literary below Gutenberg most most United the individual collection the most agreement people be who most a There are works most with most this . See can this of things the paragraph compilation in are collection you creating will in from located are prevent and to that free right comply format terms the with its of this laws work . place charge Project outside the United countries most the . on displaying this addition you If by full with by terms with name the associated Gutenberg in in . in same The . in check what can in the representations agreement concerning have in you The access . E prominently which Project the in . a other E . Project a Gutenberg the , to phrase , is Project a any performed the Gutenberg a associated , anyone no viewed use it a the of may E texts a indicating notice protected not a . or with work If where you the any . work E . work the . paragraphs use paragraphs of the on copied is . Project individual that be or appearing , States the requirements providing comply E E . must linked . work terms prominently work . E License not permission unlink this any from active links E electronic . word processing , posted provide version the of E official official Vanilla . official official a of fee pay official you official use the agreed use of royalty to E You already . to access owner a Literary required , be Gutenberg provide You in License does . use all and of not of require to a of money . Gutenberg all discontinue of the days this agreement free you to distribute different in are the forth the . E terms . from Gutenberg set terms terms . If terms F works terms Defects terms or such and . medium the in Despite . collection , transcription errors defective or to , and creating Gutenberg incomplete expend transcribe be disk damage or or other inaccurate , may , computer , virus , not a , equipment . F expenses , you discover can a all STRICT legal If you a you a of demand medium may in defective for . medium . further also medium the without to entity a refund providing the medium . If it work . The to received medium may you person you a medium physical or provide explanation F . paragraph . damages violates limitation . remaining of applicable do or limitation limitation - implied IS' , the the any expenses Foundation any and , work modification distribution . It of donations Project secure the and variety computers will the Archive profit org see Literary gutenberg non - Gutenberg's volunteers of provide to of reaching Project your the organized exempt Foundation To future more the efforts and to Project www the of laws Project extent laws your to deductible S business Foundation's Gutenberg . and is - granted at Gutenberg and Service Mississippi . number The c of Archive Foundation EIN the be the state's the Email located is . found Contributions status federal identification up Gutenberg at and contact at laws - cannot out without Project the gutenberg Watchung Foundation's website Gutenberg the be . Donations Archive Literary including to . with effort . charities array , and much . We donations in requirements Compliance , requirements visit we to important outdated machine with to with it locations we state regulating laws takes of keep To compliance to . of up a donations states all are paperwork written confirmation not compliance org from of no swamp a other donation To of . small our in pages , treatment with donations requirements . the determine not of received www solicitation and not of . do While cannot us offers to donate laws and are of donations credit . About www Hart General Michael and Section Professor shared Project , S editions . all Most U . freely Gutenberg concept Information a of the electronic with created from several copyright , Thus by and , PG we in of main with included is confirmed in our produce to newsletter includes produce how This , to including Archive produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce