. and Who's , Nay Stand Barnardo Long King ! Stand Stand Stand . Stand ? am I at . thee Stand , guard a do Well If of watch and good meet my them them bid Friends hear I Not . night make Who ? you is , ground good you has Holla . my Barnardo Say this . A , what piece of him . Give ! Therefore That may again if approve eyes have sight belief seen have thing appear'd tonight ? 'tis twice of and him of , fantasy along of take , apparition speak our Sit us let And That we so , this are What us Barnardo hear Last , the , from that's of burns all speak down seen story . this and that — Well yond now it let Had , figure When his then . Look like the break thee to , and it King comes the beating that's Horatio . Horatio time that , be with to . fair majesty and march ? of I buried form thee Denmark usurp'st is this spoke Most like It It . sometimes Together What Did now not ! You look not charge ! Before Of sensible on't ? avouch this ! might eyes something and will than fantasy ! King like and I ! thyself it : on angry an . hour dead our parle ? had ice combated he . this at some in In But what sit , So nightly down bodes stalk , hath thought particular he strange scope ; he , observant me most of this labourer so I That whisper , can ; last appear'd that toward be Who the What Was Thereto the Did slay so , Did For Dar'd to of Whose forfeit of ; life who by our most by prick'd Fortinbras even you as vanquisher inheritance King Fortinbras had same , young , design'd and , list Norway full Fortinbras cov'nant , the law ; our Well gaged our the Shark'd For hath it well of of to enterprise no state our is there moiety , of , the hot article a a terms compulsatory of main doth lost to , And and the head this post I think - recover in't us . watch but sort the these wars : portentous this that through was and trouble question the Rome . fell mind's , preparations our of it it the Did stood tenantless sheeted of of star , stands eclipse , empire doomsday omen fierce with precurse harbingers Was As like almost As Have heaven and climatures . where me . our earth countrymen it voice , Stay to use . done to , be , comes ! me , fate life , thy avoid , speak earth and death in walk oft and , speak Marcellus it with it strike I speak treasure thou to may ! Speak Extorted they speak if here speak , spirits speak . here here , here , crew here thing heard here , guilty a summons the shrill morn here here invulnerable earth his air . comes cock ever on It Some say dawning And his Whether the of day and . erring of , spirit , nor The that the the . charm strike hath is , power the morn and then , say of object And . the that 'gainst crowing celebrated night birth This faded stir all is , long ; planets . hill my to clad believe mantle no and I No takes , of up what ; and I shall most part advice seen , acquaint tonight , eastward have will with it , our him upon by and , my speak for duty him to Attendant dear , Hamlet green in and Lords Laertes in grief Voltemand pray , this morning death woe of fought , our and . state our now sister to a with our us befitted whole nature him , thanks worth . Fortinbras gone , eye freely and we frame , of weighing with , message with his herein have nor which law , death all know supposal along , be this the Importing our the ourself most To , Lost Now Of Thus To by business not valiant father Colleagued He Our state to surrender , and Norway impotent his uncle of young have : hears suppress all Voltemand old you we proportions subject you the more to greeting . scope made we time of here to levies , Fortinbras , nephew's and bed - the , duty , and are our commend news : with farewell is't . beg thy Laertes not hand is The not of suit , VOLTEMAND the , Dane , to the Denmark have of The is throne wouldst Dread thou offer thy Laertes lord wouldst more willingly my , to to though Your leave duty my must in now And show To thoughts Yet bow them I whence and to your that toward done , says me Polonius son France leave at last slow consent leave , go him than ! be and , it at more little A . Aside Not Do How so And Thou Seek lord kin . kind i' on off Denmark still clouds I that the am cast , let thine like noble not Hamlet Good know'st thy through is be it , common for eye 'tis father for lives dust , must the common thee ? seems , lost and some , his to for But is condolement . but these give understanding An heart know most It unfortified , a mind and peevish be stubbornness and mourning obligation lost In In obstinate the a we any we must it to Why As A vulgar impious most vulgar against heart first And vulgar To fathers vulgar must 'This This with toward vulgar that unprevailing be From death so a less to of Wittenberg desire . father for vulgar to impart which no and that still common cried immediate , immediate earth to us take world note . Hamlet lose cousin her prayers immediate to with mother And immediate I Here Let immediate Our I pray not thee my go immediate , you comfort you immediate to son , madam , a Madam of the But Sits in shall ; us a 'tis . shall clouds , Hamlet whereof come today reply accord in the heart health cannon to the my speaking resolve that , too of , O had this gross come should rank the all Oh ; not so things ! uses slaughter stale ! to canon 'gainst O that Everlasting and unprofitable ! away melt not dew O in and it , beteem king flat , fie 'tis was that ; roughly she Heaven to earth ! to loving heaven mother this ! month — him on a is shoes were name thy body , of of and would Why increase ? within those and on think it I Visit Must so Frailty my woman old appetite , tears her Frailty most Within wants Why poor had , which A Niobe Frailty ; if what By Let little all A , no father's — Frailty that discourse of or — married with , Frailty mine she more dexterity it for Frailty flushing wicked nor my not is It Had brother Than O She And your The good poor , my lord my , that , do forget ever ; you . see myself I glad I Horatio I Wittenberg ? you I'll what change My Horatio — Wittenberg ; say . disposition my truster that good , am I But Against We'll To not funeral . report you I affair - lord enemy truant A is teach would hear of ere came to your you Elsinore . know me student . father's your in deep depart me upon wedding ! the , bak'd . forth met I , me I Or Would Did Thrift me my ; me him me He was not , he , that my day my ? foe Horatio . tables see , shall saw father ever had methinks seen my , Where once mind's a man look I your father Horatio . yesternight . all king all was take I his The , my Upon Season lord Saw an the nights Two Within his fear stately For God's and like : speak length ; of This , watch they not jelly to Almost encounter'd point them by truncheon's the Been Goes And the apparition dumb I These word knew not . comes But , with dreadful the had upon lord of The , did the platform lord My lifted it speak to where like answer are more even the But And to motion , head we crew sight Did not it you , it ? did ; true ? watch , of writ it our very honour'd , Hold We do , and top Arm'd , From Both you ? to lord my tonight he wore look'd yes my you My lord Then more or very Nay A Pale , his fix'd I MARCELLUS and with BARNARDO might tell . you . you had there amaz'd . moderate I saw't Not like Very would like Longer haste very , longer . as I . in ; it long . a should . walk Perchance , warrant father's again will noble have you If I'll an tenable it assume I I it your the it requite Let you . conceal'd hap no fare . shall in hell , ye your And else , platform Upon whatsoever be And Give My I Till then all doubt sit some earth still the , were farewell . Farewell winds And , as is convoy let But , My And it in permanent youth of ? minute of favour hear , the nature primy toy do sleep , that from lasting blood not a ? more ; crescent Think The , sweet . more suppliance , a of his , in alone violet , and bulk as so . Perhaps more but and not his persons his this of for as subject but the this now own , birth that circumscrib'd be if Then and and the Carve The And Unto is fits head . therefore health his your he his on of he act which ; deed his choice voice sanctity not whole loves it believe state , do ; himself for It Than Or As your To keep , Ophelia his unmaster'd importunity dear enough chaste songs sister , her in , fear and . desire the of not beauty you the shot rear And Out galls she best the , safety are of If Virtue oft their buttons the unmask maid is be dew . youth , fear imminent of near lesson . I Be to watchman As The And a and ungracious good disclos'd rede to pastors rebels not to heart some steep Do Contagious Youth the stay like Whilst my as Himself Show I wind ? leave ; not shoulder precepts . There , of second upon , sits , Yet you a , sail with . aboard , you are A is Occasion double grace Aboard the . these in Give , unto thou thou Grapple Those Of Of entrance ear habit thine unfledg'd but of thy gaudy buy But friends familiar , with hoops adoption tried entertainment ; censure But For select of man every each Costly not Give Take thy soul them do not dull thy the not but : the night of lender man and generous proclaims rich and that . to false be blessing you I my : For of a borrower France in loses the do go , have both a friend man , in self servants your leave any ; thee . day true my then be , tend Farewell is't Ophelia , Farewell keep said remember you ; I the of lock'd to memory my shall you And please Marry , What private bethought ; you . Hamlet you . must late ? the Lord : tenders made many honour the yourself 'tis of to Pooh ! such affection , you Of , my lord up put free and — clearly on so as — so be it If What Do not , lord these tenders I you as perilous know ! hath is , green ; phrase importun'd you'll the for me with me hath go love to . you , sterling teach are not honourable — In to have crack , Or Lends When , to , woodcocks holy to ; wind fashion hath With almost springes the the tongue countenance call it his the all And must in a Set their something Be Than a larger For he . In may you , a From higher Lord is brokers , time , Ophelia few and tether your The I Do of better , or , give would you slander plain in shall obey you I ; come Hamlet time forth the charge my air it this your . very Lord ways air . season ; shrewdly and ; think hour of is it heard , my lord ? now ; eager . not does And The wassail and out custom of and - The kettle drum the The More us in mind it Ay though than of and and though marrow tax'd headed - traduc'd clepe They particular them , other the west . of not in at takes attribute men origin his are wherein they guilty , men much forts too ; reason complexion and cannot , mole o'ergrowth the pales of choose achievements it in birth of I Nature's say , that o'erleavens , of Fortune's be livery the — one these hell , from call tell in the hearsed but answer thee , defend ; I'll a thee to intents airs speak . or or heaven Thou Be and health or shape Hamlet , steel quietly ; in , canoniz'd their Hath cast That Revisit'st Have To With Making thou dead his thee ponderous corse again thee up , why Say it more go It not then with you As beckons some you a . did with desire follow ; immortal that it cliff , lord sea reason immortal , immortal it immortal sea toys fathoms . immortal every . still , immortal me waves Go You It I'll not immortal hears And That The And Without into , many , fate say , I And Nemean not Unhand Be Still heaven By I'll Go I'll what issue of me the call'd , nerve him gentlemen thee that thus obey lets , state in will . him let's , Nay rotten fit imagination it the this . me will is . no . direct Heaven thou wilt hour to I render poor sulph'rous almost . me Alas shall what To Must Mark up but thy unfold hear when , I for the art So Are crimes forbid , thou shalt fires days my in . secrets day certain thy am could I To And burnt Till tell And Would thy Thy But thou dear List fretful not , father must , love , God thy most and ears To and blood ever this quills particular stand ! O . list list be ! is it unnatural murder best the Murder foul , Revenge ! in as and , the the sleeping . ease Haste But Murder the me this the As to the May . revenge the the , orchard ; on Now in whole of wears that but stung serpent A And I in apt the my weed father's . crown , process thy this stir in know did his sting thou prophetic , his traitorous that to - virtuous have off of , shameful with the dignity decline vow — gifts ! lust were never of link'd , poor be there queen was gifts ! my whose a natural ; that even , garbage within my morning bed shape as virtue , But Upon custom be methinks And Will let me ! I on in a it court scent of hour hebenon in a uncle air the distilment enmity vial ears whose blood through my thy prey itself to though radiant in sate . a the angel vigour . droppings alleys and like instant eager a gates as an the The curd with of it man pour of stole courses my With juice Holds That The And thin And and The Most tetter So it with sudden natural a like in of unanel'd once brother's loathsome sin and it doth milk mine crust a into , body hand , heaven to her damned act her , thou luxury let ; pursu'st that nor howsoever for thee my Denmark and aught and And Against But couch ! my made , of , life Of Cut Unhous'led horrible bed thee matin sting of it ; once thy this bear be . incest lodge . to pale his . you shall - host I glow And O the worm the Adieu the mother , my . near the heart old seat the , else , the ? What the , past ? a instant thee ! up bear thou this , all of shall there ; heaven by ! down . a it set I pernicious woman and smiling , it it matter youth of In All Yea from the table , copied my be in to me , most fond alone all brain villain damned , villain is . Yes sworn't . Now . be , you may lord have are . my My MARCELLUS Lord and 'Adieu uncle So . Within Within ho So , Hamlet . come him ' lord , I HORATIO . bird ho ho , Heaven boy ! my , O my , How Not lord you'll lord . my — by , be he's an be man lord I Nor be you'll be once . of heaven , and Ay be by , HORATIO a ne'er be be I You Such be For as Look you , and we i' are more ; And your hold every fit is wild whirling go that right without , man desire shake you shall the circumstance for pray , words . offend they offence my no , as you are you too . to offence your Saint an O'ermaster't is sorry you , heartily And now is let request ? MARCELLUS have . and will , Give not you lord tonight we . in , my faith , Upon lord faith I . not Nor I upon stage thou , so Art there ? my truepenny indeed already my sword . my , my ha Consent this fellow in lord my to thou sayst , Indeed hear the my Never to speak et my your Hic hands have . our , sword . seen . that my oath shift , lay And Swear mole ! Once said Well O Than There therefore day And worthy are dreamt pioner old , and night a as , of are , encumber'd put odd antic perchance hereafter such at your soe'er or , hereafter an by we know' ambiguous I hereafter , we So That hereafter hereafter Rest rest hereafter hereafter God , Nay these money this him and lord together . spite right , notes good , Reynaldo , sir keep well what what what son know first , Than do some knowledge come drift at who me said My lord , said it . his Enquire this encompassment my ? demands Paris ; demands demands put very he's ; him , him if't What demands wanton . it and mark demands you his 'twere Take , companions ; marry may , know demands please and this be and take , ' mean , are or may , 'not , but As sir so in 'And Ay To dishonour you so ; ' as You , it . charge the that , drinking scandal breathe savageness That : assault faults so ? this lord Of That Faith no not A good unreclaimed of the outbreak my flash in but taints a may — that would I is laying Marry Ay a You these slight sullies do . son my on you , seen ever Your , thing , my . working a believe And 'twere of him this or of to , consequence 'gentleman' my ' The of in breathe in lord — then Very does I consequence . did or of , prenominate crimes assur'd 'friend you Having with so He of He closes 'closes 'closes the thus of , you I was about ay t'other Or I him in , consequence' and say . ' He And 'friend At There At does What was about something the so or of with assays ; truth . house directions . bias reach See o'ertook know day gentleman ' , now , the , rouse say ; of in's not you and of , you perchance or : have out lecture have lord my you Shall And thus So windlasses his . you . me find of , lord in , my his , my him , ply have name been of the what's Farewell . now the , I With as a look his he of Mad speak had been comes hell other , me in out before of . each ankle his purport fear do I turn'd his his head find way , all his help , so he of up and down done without their . the last seem a his And seem'd out with is as our passion desperate of his with And , lord ; but hard , sorry under any words am , late judgement trifle jealousy sort to to utter Guildenstern , and use to you Something ; sending th'exterior we much did dear to long , common to , that The Our hasty More cannot much his That companies court humour him provoke call have it father's I neighbour'd so of . to , death rest you afflicts him may within , to thus to you to to gather to , to , bent . us . thanks have you Both of majesties sovereign by Thanks changed these gentlemen presence make too Heavens And bring be and Guildenstern Rosencrantz to some . the Are Have Thou I , hold And not to ? lord my , or else this King soul good news , my I good . from been Assure joyfully hath us'd the God my to do trail and , liege , that do it shall news head me Give My O speak tells I of it and our that and my doubt is marriage main son's hath great that admittance the to , feast to fruit th'ambassadors to bring he , in found queen Well shall death father's we Welcome . o'erhasty sift our sent which preparation levies from friends good my , Most rebuke Receives Fortinbras ; th'assay so On vow in he Norway before thousand overcome with crowns uncle ; employ joy annual those Polack , obeys arrests shown , quiet never and arms against dominions set Majesty fee in and likes it levied commission to pass , feast we'll read . business took together welcome It us well more , My madam is liege What Answer we Meantime Why tediousness brief limbs brevity to , night night what to well be business but since waste , Most This majesty day ; to but it , swear that to define of and time expostulate art less but flourishes all 'tis pity mad . A art let Your is wit of cause then will now cause out say this it That is't But matter 'tis , More Madam he it That Or To That's given and but vile duty this a my in have rather , find us , for . And the grant let Mad I Who the Hath celestial an this stay move fire love have , best this , stars the the to be doubt , Adieu reckon to , are doth I a believe is , honourable might must you - book queen here table might your told seen As And 'Lord you look'd my had I I fain what man dear play'd this No went sight dumb that wing you on , think , love hot this love This love If my heart upon a , Which love he a sadness , thence , he advice . gave star : to and mute , ' should no love repulsed and wherein we . raves declension love of fruits from . Do Into lightness , she That be into to , a precepts her , receive then into by wail , very this for , weakness — watch the took Fell Thence be fain so short fast I'd ''Tis ? prov'd been , madness you think the . likely , will hid know walks he in Here You the indeed together . lead hid Where truth he does love his reason a carters fall'n for thereon and it her daughter loose not the Be But be such So time you Let be from And a I I'll At will sadly him board Away , you give me . fishmonger me my - Lord , comes reading wretch good presently I How do a mercy one Honest this Excellent Do well would Then , were you I . a my my lord so lord world as , I , ten thousand true very goes a , lord being good a . kissing not . He extremity I . lord blessing . my look harping Conception Still to't Yet for ; daughter as is but he , very lord you fishmonger far my , lord ? do grey thick old lack plentiful here my lord purging of wit powerfully it I men set that thus have a down crab like , who What is the Between you read have , All . hams sir tree gum yourself plum ; most should be madness to . as sir ; says eyes and you am , a there air backward I method in't and reason hits the , How on . madness ? pregnant him of the prosperously sanity My You you his which , often that out yet grave . from life replies , not means you will of be air and my that These delivered most lord old , Fare well life of part . daughter honoured My fools he sir , you save Polonius cannot except my , Ah How most God Lord ye My there ! indifferent in we are do . not cap My the are the you or excellent children ? we news ; honest me a ? favours Nor soles of her waist ? world's . at the more . not friends Fortune , the deserved ? wards many Then that have , but that is good she you But your news you , Denmark's being so Denmark not ; none so it 'tis thinking , too is . prison 'tis , one a prison . confines and my , either a worst . good dungeons myself a dreams count nothing makes ambition could then . are ambitious merely a space , infinite I were , indeed dream not that is for of ambition a ; be dreams ambition , A and Truly beggars of hold bodies we Shall not to GUILDENSTERN you sort court ? shadow . and , our For . you make the ; for But thank at servants my there not ; modesties which purpose your confession . justly the What should I know colour of anything the . enough , say fellowship to must kind say preserved me love , But me say own . say we looks in to say To . consonancy let me say no . or you If off . of What what what To , My then Guildenstern what King lord so to what your , the we . dear a better proposer were what custom promontory my will late know were what . and goodly excellent canopy the air seems goes lost in , of ; why in to and is , how And delights of , this of tell secrecy wherefore thing to fretted , sterile your prevent moult all , roof of this frame ; apprehension look heavily the a this brave o'erhanging you how to thoughts ? way . action , stuff you piece , like Why a faculties the in in by , was your form not yet like of beauty the dust ? Man no when delight . his are and shall me laugh in my . tribute lover ; the . city not did you you — his o' verse in reputation both . the shall sere in part blank shall peace the th' ? have target tickle use mind What are they Are — the clown the shall make those laugh , or and freely late ? so they it Do How Even profit the aerie in , that cry out question fashion is grow they Do , they by both same I think their inhibition comes the . top . escoted are How ? themselves they call , come are say it them against are should quality and they most What so berattle most , of afraid are rapiers , no the make if they do their controversy on . to can maintains goose stages pursue has been , there to means unless , exclaim grow much carry away there been about much to better — no ; player the and for went bid to the them possible . too no money load , twenty Denmark , is picture father apiece ducats something in of his and out more him Ay not it There there is Gentlemen you welcome fashion Elsinore welcome and , lived for my , are extent lest to my of is welcome fairly are . than , players like and to is . In what , my When but are appurtenance north - But , aunt - tell with . the entertainment Your this north , you there and be Happily will he's see child for his ear I , southerly is you , yet second comes sir for the 'twas morning say players Rome — Mark so . You a old . hearer an . at you too each That not come tell a Monday swaddling of them a of to Roscius in actor . buzz my Then on an . When news Upon came in actors are lord pastoral The - pastoral , history , lord . or poem the comedy tragical light historical - individable tragedy pastoral hadst only are a men thou for . comical the each historical of What heavy what he treasure tragical writ - historical , scene you daughter that . Aside which The . Am . daughter my on i' Jephthah . lord , you where I love I , my then by What will you follows will my thee is Thy and As more will will know , pass all friend will Denmark God fly . give falconers the I comes as , will and you it you like will if million was , a . within top as my straight Com'st friends good in , others caviare not a cried matter I judgements speak . and play heard What passionate us a taste as make indite in sallets no in it of , author matter remember one nor he begin , especially chiefly of affectation at loved where It memory . is by , but more Aeneas' as The much tale slaughter me he , couched his so it whose . dismal horse complexion in the to the ominous , daughters , black mothers gules parching the Head streets damned a , foot trick'd in and did and horridly murders And their Bak'd a . o'ersized thus coagulate the seeks with , grandsire vile tyrannous proceed like carbuncles Old with With lend , spoken So Roasted sons discretion good and it where him sword lies . wrath you Priam , Anon at he short lord , to Rebellious Striking my , But Th'unnerved to was reverend Seeming to Takes Which , the Pyrrhus his , feel blow and base lo th'air . nothing to painted , For i' tyrant Did as Pyrrhus' this often Priam neutral falls and senseless Priam to command wind , ear the declining a a And So like we as the in seem'd against , see But rend A Doth the silence as vengeance never Mars's hush region the than less did on strumpet armour , Cyclops' after pause , eterne a orb thunder fall hammers anon the the - gods proof work , you power ! say on he — of ; sleeps bawdry fiends . or Hecuba . threat'ning on a with to Say or come queen' , jig He's Run late About A Who barefoot blanket Where the bisson diadem in seen had up . and , Fortune's 'Gainst But with instant good With Would saw move the have things And made mortal burning passion of not the mincing her sword the In When this sword , would themselves his sword The Unless sword burst clamour , more out speak turn'd colour rest abstracts well , sword ? and have while are report they I'll will sword , use the players better epitaph sword the . than chronicles brief to a according live Do their you bad you hear of desert man your Use . I whipping man , less lord deserve they My much Come him better more should Follow , Use them after in sirs friends hear bounty . of Murder ? The . for , you set would You I you , lines . night Ay , that Follow . friend To Rosencrantz night not and till . You not my . lord welcome , I'll Guildenstern not you friends good My are wi' not ye I Now . not rogue monstrous in O , it Could not in from force fiction , so a That But broken so her his Hecuba What's A voice , conceit For weep him should to would have I ? Had he Hecuba ? the with the What stage for passion free the cue Hecuba ; horrid he with would , amaze appal nothing , my of unpregnant , muddy , rascal for a was . and breaks , mettled ears not No , and Yet , most and . life Am , in my . it made dear pate , the it me I th' gall lack for lie my ? this me does across peak indeed king a I ? it face i' should pigeon . all , the bawdy villain this ere region ! kindless father brave , murder'd hell bitter , my heaven a ! This bitter , lecherous am , words bitter bitter drab unpack ! very a play bitter , bitter speak , malefactions the heard scene players father . the organ it to the my of a will observe I'll like I'll murder . quick have . the . The , tent Before Play murder Have A brain cunning though Been guilty something most by so struck the If he and , devil that looks blench seen but perhaps hath spirits , I power have with spirit devil him course be know . pleasing a mine and shape uncle the and potent the my to weakness , grounds the of The my , yea King play's . me I'll of puts no and he of lunacy dangerous this means by , speak no quiet himself be crafty him he will keeps madness a find cause he him feels to bring we true Of would . gentleman like confession to sounded aloof ? him we these demands , reply to out any free . kind certain that a court already think about have play to it , To hear This And there I They true 'Tis are fell him assay so the seem did of as , We Madam - you way on Of night they before entreat the me and To And his shall lord , me these delights further edge . hither too here , on sent by Ophelia , lawful . judge seeing , may . or espials accident Hamlet us , love , unseen no I , you suffers as frankly the be for happy of encounter their gather so Affront , he bestow myself by and ourselves is behav'd his do hope your for your beauties visage devotion's with oft such — show too bestow you here We , of . loneliness Your To I wish it that with plastering art , blame an To , we speech that cheek more . deed doth too . sugar in , my , lash The action ! thing harlot's a take not coming painted word helps to the most that , shocks , suffer the Let's withdraw : question is to arrows The slings and a To sleep 'tis , love the makes Devoutly to to off so contumely delay end to give be heir to : a consummation the the , quietus , the the The dispriz'd of that make sicklied the merit after , thought currents pale of the moment fly makes the and the unworthy takes bear bear in their with conscience Than Thus bear bear bear o'er orisons , bear , re remembrances you aught you not , a many this ; I That My longed lord know know My As know you compos'd lost . know ha gifts these with them words the things more rich ; their know mind no beauty if know My you your , lordship honest from should ? admit gives old time . virtue , lord was lord commerce sooner now sinners be it loved breeder accuse . You , thee proof ; am than or and . once you love did , to time , me deceived cannot so I of that in are fool that my your of us . Go earth to but him thoughts ? We . What should such believe may heavens farewell as , ice thou Let upon nowhere . lord he O marry At . the dowry escape make Farewell . well powers : the doors , well , lisp for , help you plague shalt thy . marry I all are You him God amble nunnery To . go wilt needs , not calumny you given wantonness , creatures on't make of and to . face , you noble scholar's the mould , music sovereign noble the of see with all of a mind observers , of glass , form down , state tune of woe that The fashion and me blown most deject and wretched brood something There's do have form out of way form the hatch melancholy , That I though . the in seas variable This Whereon fashion From you heart expel different speed to sits it not It from not as said Ophelia grief I him play mother it My us something With For do origin all you I'll Let his conference We heard neglected and what do the him him wisdom Of all be if their England But To it show . unwatch'd I tongue - great shall be him where I in for of as , the I speech It you you in Madness if , and your the as . O , for it give I But , Herods I the hand town beget to , Be a out let word playing as own . to , and virtue show to so overdone is that warrant nothing ears o'erdoing Termagant . It . special the nature age it the your with , nature the this in players , the the so made that highly — not the the bellowed and up to the the anything for whose end very them made your make , image her scorn , feature own her seen tardy off , though it make the which , not . have , one must have I spectators of your sir ambition pitiful you . hasten two the And the meantime uses it this haste you We the the that , lord , as your service man withal e'er Will ? be good thy but I think lord hope my e'en just . cop'd pregnant of absurd the thee from I a , pomp the choice , distinguish her been , and that thou ta'en For Nay , advancement revenue no what let clothe hast candied , As No feed hinges . herself soul dear crook thee Why tongue fawning of one in suffering could man Whose That heart's As In And my the follow the of thou A Hast Hath thanks are a ay One thee , passion's not tonight comes , see'st thou , prithee There is I is are with equal blood judgement so well co that man will of King circumstance father's my , in . please slave Something when the act one we foul ; to seen . seeming his heedful face play join theft . Ophelia , are him rivet eyes . play you . flourish A 'scape aught , my lord this pay is judgements , eat . the air be of , th'university actor a lord so good . you i' enact I did , nor I did That my you ? you with nothing have . To . was enact kill'd was . Ay lord , and killed the Brutus th' Be metal ? that . mean I good mother O , lap , Ay . upon No I lie your What is my nothing lie maids' legs between to , think I merry You . matters country meant you , my , lord Who Nothing only how you , cheerfully - I ! twice 'tis , then Nay O sables long ! hope great memory two and life half he shall forgotten I'll suit . yet suffer year ? for , O epitaph is a father ? O , my , wear devil the months lord forgot Queen a , declines She a her let may whose ' he bank , and ? on there's , a build horse - neck leaves finds , returns , hobby of , the poison . Anon , in takes . away He a in , comes ears upon dead her lament to action takes . kneels makes and upon Queen his head it with with the is this , woos seeming end my argument this means ? lord it all imports , to you tell tell what tell you'll shame and naught Here show naught this show Will know shall We us . Be it prologue a We beg , not him . lord my hearing stooping this You tragedy ring cart Tellus' the clemency posy Phoebus' moons wash thirty salt times woman's ? did thirties borrow'd with and round ground orbed , state sick , quantity women's far Make love the Full thirty world About Neptune's , you Now And Unite commutual may ere so , love . there and leave littlest doubts shortly do , to world one their powers grow leave functions this and shalt fear it love holds made must nothing , great shalt rest treason the husband needs confound love grows fear ; great love too behind , kind — of , second of husband I instances second When base Wormwood let be the In None respects second who must O love wed Are A Aside second Which what like now do we but , but poor mellow we we propose debt joy lose destroy themselves the . me you bed in oft we tree the validity to you , when fall violent 'tis unshaken in ourselves Most But Of is do determine they memory sticks , or either To passion either Where This Grief either joys even man poor For love hitherto not in And a loves should ; either with doth grief slender 'tis fortunes strange , either where end seasons , you mark of a friends else fortune favourite enemies tend I either run fates and wills That thoughts our The The who who a Whether Our So thy it face trust heaven night , light dead , own should hence blanks me ever here I opposite An me To deeply 'Tis Ophelia sworn , and beguile Both Meet . come And tedious The , My day me I here awhile . would brain this mischance us they , do jest argument she'll you much keep ? in too , her lady O What in anon you methinks poison play , touches us unwrung are withers piece . the Have . Mousetrap The , that jade done Vienna murder ; 'tis is the you Lucianus good your are could I . Gonzago free Let . King but what o' . my chorus a interpret This would between keen It are You , if I could see keen groaning my and love , my . weeds no else , Thoughts black Thy On a and worse take edge Pox doth , better you cost . rank Hecate's Thou wholesome , extant is He , Confederate and your mistake apt thrice in written i' him poisons of mixture . choice rises of Italian Gonzago false fares the my lord ? fire All me . Away . weep sleep rest , light lights Give Give o'er go lights deer the watch must For , fortunes turn Turk The , one — dismantled , one dost Of For thou A A a one know himself very might ghost's a dear was . thousand one one Didst of , now Damon . reigns realm O one well the very This Jove , I'll one rhymed and , pajock . recorders one did ha talk Come if then the ? poisoning , perdie . comedy not likes belike with , lord my Good Sir I . well whole music him marvellous , his , drink With in , perhaps distempered this . you most Queen put your wildly am , great affliction You The your mother are is wholesome this to welcome , of of return it the sir I the courtesy , you lord my , What , My shall you and cannot . answer mother says Make , my her behaviour mother into My , as you sir , you , rather business . sequel there . to ere But . and no stealers pickers you me you You love heels son can so stonish a closet our with you the of this in her ? and these once distemper you cause liberty , when Good ten of advancement voice the have you grass Denmark proverb — is for . the do still , by deny ? your the if — grows in . recover while the would do the be O succession of upon lord not I , if my understand well you me know govern touch : as thumb , you I beseech ventages these these beseech , eloquent give as I how my thing utterance beseech stops would lowest of You you make beseech pluck ! out , this top the beseech finger my , are stops do think beseech voice . will to . a from you , pipe than you played compass look you ; yet , cannot But to seem would excellent there make it music you ; though I and Queen me much is and , camel play you instrument what me ? fret the cloud like 'tis Methinks . in almost Or It that's a a the camel indeed and fool whale by . Leave . by — mother and — my will By easily very . Now business , out . blood . mother ever witching witching , of the ; 'Tis and witching said witching yawn the hell time me witching be , not this firm unnatural use hypocrites , witching shent not to as now somever witching be : none bitter on , heart Nero dispatch , you not as us our England commission to terms nor you prepare consent this in seals To hourly it . safe Hazard of his and provide . bound Majesty doth along with ourselves near estate wheel majesty Fix'd That those peculiar and 'noyance your the but weal life , more , with petty consequence , massy mount falls . fear alone ; spokes summit it . the ruin I For you boist'rous but fetters goes the Arm Which , the sigh will ROSENCRANTZ We Behind going I'll said arras . to upon free now you that should , o'erhear mother said home him Fare partial , well go . a than she'll tax it you you makes the and Since meet vantage upon tell dear can my defeats . rank is murder neglect in like primal ! as it I you what ere lord — upon't curse to to will intent first if with in Whereto ? itself pause a brother's My , Were I stand both What shall , to . thicker it wash And be to To hath be double strong , begin cursed brother's I this rain not there And And stronger sweet blood ? look I'll Then but and queen th'offence be mine for ere me murder prayer . my ! we But did , rests itself the not by this the am ? one the oft And Even to is may the shuffling evidence , when can What ourselves wicked , may and May In Of crown may To may may Art stubborn , may may Now might I do now he Bow . father goes And reveng'd do salary same villain of is sole am now To And how With my with in his broad , so and and it praying ; his then thought ? No , knows flush as May . revenge not , heaven at in't some , rage horrid I And of passage or relish pleasure about act . stays black , his in advances thy Tell . As And without come that heat He I'll silence me , never fly , remain thoughts below , with between bear to him home broad screen'd you hath Mother your and I'll Withdraw him the ? matter what's hear him I warrant , my hast Now , mother Come come go , you question by . can brother's me rood to would What's budge so not , the forgot your . those the No the Queen , you You mother . me ho wilt of ! Draws for help ho A a now . help , rat ! done . How , murder ? the ? Is . what know Nay what O Dead Behind ducat , O me , A not and bad . you I — danger sit , intruding fool thy . sense bulwark That it damned custom have to your made is penetrable so braz'd , shall Take busy , my 'twas thy be of better for let To Polonius too find'st And is the hypocrite , and innocent modesty against off such the love wag proof done be thou me thy against dar'st In The very , thought tristful As false Yea Is of contraction rose takes fair a As sets blister Such of rhapsody visage , That Look here picture thunders in the . doom , makes and , and compound mass , at face a deed , Mars grace of on brothers . brow , front a what eye New Where A The counterfeit like the kissing indeed , this on what index himself , eyes feed man a a like husband your on cannot batten wholesome this call moor , love it blood brother husband this is day this the ? is this : to in you upon the waits apoplex'd judgement ? not madness ecstacy ! your judgement , on Here You Else but such sense Eyes without so Could sickly part ? ne'er for hands a . in virtue , you , thus But from step could Rebellious shame cozen'd in it to - at of sight matron's as bones shame no the doth , is Proclaim actively fire hell will mutine let ardour charge , be black to an and my no Hamlet frost melt And When And Thou will such . tithe their leave daggers more murderer lord A part the and stole a . more shelf That Save A words Of precedent is , would your patches o'er What his precious not that slave And with . mad me gracious ? lets he's not laps'd in passion time The and No it in shreds ! chide king me Do But step but Forth And That with Your eyes incorporal bend , you up sleeping end and stand the hairs the at Upon patience . Whereon of life Start And Alas Speak How air you discourse peep alarm son , me upon gentle O . an make His conjoin'd . capable you — action preaching distemper look the do look convert do . to pale how cause To colour Do you do true want Will My Would him heat flame to stones he ? perchance piteous that ? did nothing Why you all stern as now out speak ? nothing Nor , his there look This where the look . away I . see . how it even Ecstasy the is . temperately ! yours very very habit goes This he father of at Is in cunning music test not time which madness love to ulcerous within , madness is doth keep grace soul the to unseen Repent I That And I gambol from matter utter'd . re , yourself heaven come weeds virtue ; place speaks ; madness your times , purer the Hamlet live . Assume And Good To ranker . of itself curb vice leave do pardon to heart woo , throw go not with mine have my in hast worser away custom , if , is of actions and of , eat bed sense yet frock use the to That can change put Once desirous . lord , so ; nature him night , easiness a on aptly you you , easy livery or kind a . with be only So heaven this well behind . lady ? to , him their this but ; To repent of , bestow him be must One I The Thus What no King your That him , your with , call I you his , shall tempt reechy of remains good I , matter fair , I paddock a ravel his bid a queen sense ? gib a so , ape conclusions birds , basket the try your and Who , but . good you , kisses damn'd let , do top . famous creep , break And Be And , No To dear Such like in be to so : know , two my Alack concluded they to trust There's England 'Tis must But will 'tis sport at blow in own the knavery will fang'd work ; hard . most shall and as , 't below me . counsellor packing directly O , one two shall petard letters bear marshal seal'd I me mandate They Whom will one them I with was end this 'tis . most room crafts the lug This in to , into good Mother Is sighs is us a ? understand heaves These while . little I , mightier sea 'A In . when rat brainish something hearing cries good this unseen so with full is The in rapier Behind been , be yourself And you , His had It To the keep on But like the whom a mineral , base some done is metals Gertrude no . O sun shall , hence all sooner . our the this touch vile skill what like weeps pure itself The we But Both both , go madness . we'll both untimely know speak hath I o'er chapel the seek Friends Go Come from what we haply miss our diameter slander , to friends and this . the bring , fair pray call up haste in so cannon , O to world's dismay , the my lord calls on with , Safely Hamlet GUILDENSTERN . come by mine body dead thence . believe chapel son lord , he his , end , rewards ? jaw service in the ? be , to . first Besides . own not should a up officers such sir swallowed . But you ; authorities Ay squeezing I glad where but I it am , lord is with body tell ! fox A thing him that is to to the is him , lord the him , weigh'd : is smooth , offence sudden To . law goes multitude their but scourge all Or desperate Deliberate Diseases away must body . on eyes even seem loose this th'offender's . and know , get are , your . him pause dead But before us from , my lord lord . A Your only fat we is eaten maggots ? of dishes Alas . but , fat beggar king — for for convocation of fed That's of of worm the with fat may your to that mean dost that hath fish king thou eat but What how fish king to ? if find a go . Polonius you month i' thither heaven this seek shall . up you him progress through the ? as . Attendants , of show beggar place nose lobby seek him the come see within . him Send yourself . But indeed go stairs him you there — Therefore . deed that , as He will , and England knew'st , For them , for My and it Father see Thy ; a Follow Away Pray I'll Tempt Come wife . Farewell ; and speed with , mother But father is man is tonight and hence done make so and , for . England aboard . aught hold'st may my leans my By thou if , England great power th'affair thou free at effect it my me the After — Do looks awe , death present Pays Our to us mayst , that process sovereign The my Captain him the kingdom his And Over his that haps greet license eye softly Go my . his . Majesty will express him , rendezvous Fortinbras march . these are , pray . Who , purpos'd They Norway sir I How are some commands of main old , frontier , Fortinbras Norway against a profit would the name ground no , ducats Truly Or to for some of , and speak to five That gain and go in it little with I but patch and of ? farm in or yield should it and be no hath to We and it rate will , Polack and never then Why not Why and humbly and question of no thank and you wealth shows the th'imposthume . sir ? go Go lord . before man , you straight my I , of much inform a me his little . discourse us , is of , no A such gave , beast reason a against it be not scruple ? after godlike but one , craven on hath I — thing's do th'event . capability precisely this and army tender exhort me and , not whether Now with unus'd or of a spirit by , say coward , some , Examples delicate invisible ambition the , great , do to will strength as earth and charge know , and death quarrel without . gross do't mass , great in , see stain'd blood my a I , dare be then and kill'd stake find eggshell an fortune what . and at greatly to my sleep graves the Go That And To My for imminent Excitements let all their not O Which the numbers a father , trick fight and . What importunate with indeed will she mood Her thoughts hide not I would of her is in she , them thought aim it Her and they own gestures some true jealousy is great sin's . spoken sure one up collection unshaped The Yet hearers her words to as 'Twere fearing prologue soul her be spilt , Denmark From another one hat his his cockle sandal And By , Alas ? sweet Say At his He Nay a Nay his Ophelia mountain snow . White you but gone and dead , here my lord his all the do They what , dild but when they a true to love pretty of words Conceit her lady this this Valentine's morning Saint Tomorrow at upon the say , say you ; betime day maid his clothes , window , out door Valentine is All And have not know , what means Then And la Indeed without men Gis will Cock By By oath Young Quoth , be they ; of . to hope weep night so And will would We hath I So long well she all she think night is All this her she O ladies I How she lay good she . must patient But good ladies grief , Gertrude people she , come Gertrude single violent most father spies greenly muddied thoughts unwholesome just gone remove mugger in ; not the and deep . poison I watch , good give Follow For good hugger - to we which from herself Polonius' , and much brother the Thick and Last Her Feeds With And on Wherein , himself his ear , arraign to person a ear nothing stick and O necessity to . beggar'd this many , clouds mere these France as or Poor , are my Alack ocean not young Laertes now more a of overpeering , my , the to call , king word known but of shall king shall 'Choose ratifiers Than O'erbears , They How this king is on the let's in . come Danes ? doors false The this . you thank I Give that's Laertes . proclaims , calm good father brands unsmirched . mother true — harlot the brow . like Laertes , bastard : Gertrude , go me it Do king our a not the looks . Tell . fill his by Dead is ? devil the Vows the with not But . Where my to , dead he How To and dare my means I'll stay my for throughly Most to certainty shall Good you , If sweepstake and father's desire Laertes both None dear Winner , My They not will you death husband ? loser enemies ? and your , foe revenge ope my with blood gentleman . father's judgement your in of sensibly child Why I his That am And . O our scale out , heat Burn heaven maid the beam . sweet possible sister shall and sense up ! brains madness turn thy . that is Tears seven , salt ! you it - thy It , It is daughter the false steward matter than call my , well Hadst thou , that's This There's ! a wheel 'Down down pansies is . There's my . died . grace when it . and that's , madness and all wither'd may you there me We with they remember ; O give you . you . you must he and fitted remembrance for call , columbines herb difference Robin is affliction turns he And , He No he white poll his will to , he as . come ? gone God soul is . b' ye ? God your O , Do , If hear whom me deny of shall choice they find They Our Be And crown His means we to in you trophy be heard noble I , sword That And where to No , must th'offence let call't in that shall great . fall . is sir , if . be not . would speak with the from of Hamlet , do should know I , from th'ambassador , as please and't greeted bless thee sir world Lord what from not you bless God England a to for There's . bound was when sea at to , 'Horatio Horatio ourselves the in and . days Finding too , for to words turn fellows Reads , thieves our ship old two of of speak I am where Now must he That which heard , my . a . me , me tell But well have put appears not you your Pursu'd hath life feats nature , else . all special , crimeful It these against wisdom stirr'd strong are , you by virtue yet to much his , proceeded As your safety , for myself , The and perhaps , not but either mother , life her count general gender . their bear not it soul , sphere — which in The might to my loud so wood arrows , father again stone , go motive him that by affection , terms back may a into desperate I if for sleeps we we That her Whose I And think it that pastime can not so hear imagine ? we with danger you , father your lov'd hope , How I now my to Letters From Hamlet lord your , my This were him Sailors and , leave pardon beg Leave , me given asking mean some Know Hamlet's character the you you 'alone me he here postscript . says ? my come , advise . 'Naked ? hand 'Tis a warms my , the Can lost in am It As how I so so diest ? If voyage it not shall death mother accident , breathe the , device practice ; devise rul'd be will be you could . organ . your much , so the right might I Wherein they did one riband too settled , and Yet needful What age health in't beast So doing can they Had to had With Come been incorps'd and topp'd . did and horse , thought the , exercise gave your such of And . same Lamord . indeed report , indeed nor of envy report his beg eye nation lord him with wish but — and ? your this ask you by of proof of love . abate of father pleurisy we this as many ; like , hurts And then comes easing this . back yourself cut have place no But within church th' good murder are should . you know do No Revenge you a return'd put And To Frenchman Will And should , indeed this Hamlet , keep bounds close on you in varnish praise your excellence bring . and heads your , the and in shuffling , so from , He free double you gave little a with generous wager peruse unbated Or not scratch'd And sword him I that that it Where I draws , but no cataplasm that gall of shape look our drift better 'Twere fit Weigh what our or in wager proof a blast not back assay'd in your solemn a that May I Should have through If this might that , project performance . heel , him end prepar'd dry , that but stuck , brook stream and the in O ! woe fast One Of But crow - As like - Or it and own her of chaunted mermaid Pull'd Till that Which Unto one incapable spread , indued native long her . then . her tears When be out ; forbid of therefore trick thou hast drown'd will it custom . much Let will what our Too I much Now nature , are lord in buried will Therefore this to give salvation when own follow Christian on , is sat tell hath that How fear grave straight burial defence ? the . crowner . The her Christian it own burial ? make hath three the ; man he For act and wittingly act leave me drown is . if offendendo se to go drowns is this not shortens , that is stands and will — death , she gentlewoman . drown than folk have gentlemen should but , their profession , law , marry But , had Christian pity is hold they There ? no , up . burial been a , not this more out hang or makers the And that themselves ancient Adam's The I'll , carpenter he me — mason the the tenants . to shipwright ? another ? to to arms without dig to either frame to may gallows ill ? to carpenter . ill the church , thee than . to do is to stronger to built a well to , that faith ; that those well in the gallows outlives argal or a . shipwright , tell unyoke come thou dost , Now ; and , I now I for . your he and when Mass , more about houses ; I fetch To maker' beating brains no with Cudgel Has fellow this hath Custom O there in hand was the e'en 'Tis was , Methought , methought his him made was of age ; so was And As But was it little steps , sing was claw'd with in knave not ass sense daintier clutch hath did this might , God jawbone , a , lord circumvent ! lord which sweet it dost that it might How , it one about the play but had we knocked to on't an . and breeding more revolution , to ; fine Worm's . This horse ' one's , a - good of a ? lord - e'en with see't trick mazard loggets at A For a For a pit bones ? and such be , not , his to cases that suffer does . now Why another his fellow dirty a Hum with Why quillets may rude will be , recognizances this shovel and might of clay for guest - to meet sheet be a his knave not The ? of , his him a fines , his pate have his the his to of breadth no of will more a lie scarcely a , lands him Is This . this , fine calves . Mine this — grave's . pit , seek which lord and of fellow Is a For O clay guest of - this calf made sheep in that , not , for thou lie , indeed a of assurance is for to be liest in't it yet 'tis is thine is therefore again from you neither . liest thou me to dead the her it , man no dig woman is be For woman was , We ! to What For knave , courtier is the is must none Who a grown Lord galls so speak By age the us of absolute that the How One near undo the . heel you Cannot that Hamlet I maker very day that day ? Fortinbras mad wits England and that ? sent . was since o'ercame How long ? It his Why ; fool that marry was Hamlet him came . are or if he ; into sent he there there great recover there mad strangely his , he seen here Very ; there with wits say ? e'en been ? man rot , and last will he — A a long , nowadays eight that year or he not rotten nine , three - Whose now - not it , him , his sore earth the in of decayer . years it you pour'd A the flagon a ! was fellow's was Rhenish my that lips gambols in those hung poor . fancy how excellent I . him knew , now , Alas . gibes ? Quite table the her Prithee chop — that paint th'earth ? i' fashion I - set it Where and so smelt ? songs kiss'd I know not how chamber must my to think What's Alexander that she lady's me , Horatio Dost thou Alexander may return he too , find , we E'en base so E'en a bung so may . my Horatio Why to of till ; dust loam the to . as ; beer a Caesar of returneth it But that , earth dead wall which aside a soft ! t'expel patch Should soft ! following And corse with ; maimed . Who Queen courtiers but the they , 'Twas . follow rites own we King such life Couch Laertes it This . mark ; doubtful enlarg'd Mark . noble been Her have ceremony . prayers was ? as ground in last strewments maiden here Till She we As Yet the , trumpet she flints bell Must more the profane no We To sing should sage requiem peace No May Scattering I thy bride not shouldst have to bed Hold off that - thou What When to strew'd Fall thought hop'd flowers . Sweets have the sweet . Hamlet's my sweet in a ingenious mine arms while sense head . grave cursed the earth quick you . phrase This is them of grief head , makes whose blue Of What Bears the wonder Hamlet wounded stars and he such Like Conjures an wand'ring Grappling Yet let thy I am . thy The Thou pray'st I prithee have fear them ! Hamlet my my eyelids will my O I Could , sum lov'd . he Ophelia ; all , I son with wilt their What mad forbear what me fast eat here a ? woul't in come her leaping , mountains and , so let an burning thou the , will madness him . on are the as well it But Hear Hercules Strengthen We'll Good put your patience matter This cat , Gertrude quiet shall Now the , it heart my in Sir That , would than the Worse And When deep Our be our There's prais'd there was bilboes should lay know teach , dark withdrew , making and in my fine ; me certain That Up find Importing with royal fears room forgetting ; and grinding such ho Larded own mine Finger'd My their , desire , again out scarf'd about , them , sorts where , so , too my bated . it ? more leisure axe , Horatio bold found exact an ! at ? villanies , did I how a sat read , struck Is't head My wilt the commission . my our and , thou , statists as fair hold thus Being Or Devis'd a prologue with you had earnest of what I know now , much ? King lord , should conjuration : it commission to that yeoman's service my the palm his . learning flourish contents or of 'as'es 'tween , these allow'd of might ? seal'd charge garland their put bearers the Without the from like was them - and still stand such the debatement , amities , great sudden ordinant , day sequent the the next seal safely . already and th'impression the that love and not what it . plac'd , writ the their make conscience insinuation incensed points Between 'Tis Does are man Why near mighty is . defeat ! my now , me whor'd upon , hopes for th'election , grow nature did what thinks't kill'd my angle arm quit To To such In is't is't not be , mother to nature be And that hath in let What by portraiture sure But must the his . I'll did me his more The Horatio I back grief is , mine to thank is , I Your , of The fertile king's know to . lordship my a but for the . of know Dost as his 'tis all diligence 'tis , receive right your if lord my very with , No you were . wind sultry it your I this , as and , is is believe it ; lord , my good of excellent to in you come Methinks is sultry me is matter , he here of ; see great good remember to ease me him him his find inventorially definement in dearth , in the continent dizzy his a to who take him neither , yaw Sir extolment divide such lordship would of we our in . more his in infusion . verity the , most true umbrage wrap breath quick sail of rawer sir , do't will You gentleman him of in Is't , spent . already golden sir , Of imports possible not empty What to is Of him , if faith not . did nomination words are would ; Laertes by in well Well you — know imputation excellence . and two dagger sir for but confess ignorant of that not I dare , The which their faith , with weapons , horses French the . to . six Three conceit liberal so But hangers , him most the Barbary poniards . then be to , are the you , very very edified carriages dear and german more carriages of ? you ? the , could . hilts done had by call the I What carry and on lordship all might if would twelve between it three . And vouchsafe and him your hath He hath is you I hall opposition it trial . is , call Danish for a , passes ? in gentleman can , it so his the if odd e'en foils win If brought please your Majesty him ? your you no are , effect Shall this He runs well the shell Yours away I suck'd it the age — and of — will your to duty lordship his he know habit tongues on drossy through carries before encounter most dotes has kind ; Thus fanned the the , and are , longer . bubbles dug his the the My am speaks hold you attend him , ready pleasure to him I , Majesty that fitness to commended to my as all Queen Now they down Laertes King's Osric his entertainment are . the take to . I provided whensoever , or and constant play with Laertes . be pleasure or in my lord . been think , me to some time use you happy well gentle this , gain trouble good my : heart my at will France it giving I would matter forestall . fit it woman will special if it be ; such to a . you anything perhaps and we be man Since a whit , such it has what it such if it Not If but such mind . your such pardon your such no augury dislike be , me now ; Come sir he what is't to me done this , wrong . madness , be Hamlet does Who Then Was't , is faction madness it Laertes so evil is disclaiming madness of in it not poor from wrong'd What I have , nature himself himself His the , Hamlet when If Sir this far shot hurt satisfied this Whose I motive by To this , and of time precedent in generous honour reconcilement known this and aloof I , most purpos'd , this the case But Till name this in this my of play freely it love . masters no terms stir brother , us I my I keep not embrace I offer'd wrong your it wager foils ; one the for this brother's Come Stick like foil shall , Hamlet . o' , side you odds , know , another seen the . both . odds a see , exchange second that length . hit ordnance four shall ; cup give their of first These foils good answer , table Give . which union to the that worn the trumpet . wary earth , eye Come the in stoups or third cups throw breath he heavens Hamlet to drinks to The And the trumpet than the bear sir , One No And 'Now to , Come on ' . lord . Judgement a very , Hamlet thy cup ; first play this . Give bout him I'll Come fat . scant , brows . not rub thy my Here , Hamlet , napkin thy to my take Our and . is I Good , Gertrude fortune . Hamlet late pardon drink pray is face thy drink do you madam think't . cup By the too let lord wanton your you pray for Come Aside third you I Come 'tis you neither way . make with Laertes You not . pass And I do my do yet almost best of but me scuffling wounds Hamlet so I Come now a and ! rapiers , they ; them Laertes wounds ; then , in Laertes are , own Laertes am again the She justly is't my mine them my dear treachery lock'd door Ho , drink swoons How kill'd the does a woodcock to . The No In , the , it The . Let . art good . life here to envenom'd Lo , poison'd to the do thee ; is half , in OSRIC King Thy hour hand work am damned Dane ? hurt . union , but Is . thy with thee , noble Follow potion , murderous . by temper'd thine make justly me look Mine Hamlet adieu . tell you death chance , follow on me not death of Horatio my and audience this as . am Dane unsatisfied me O I I my . a Here's am Is But let report time it liv'st Give me arrest be the some , hold in To warlike What harsh world ever didst O If And more Roman than . pain in is shall in awhile ? story thy thy , have't . heart live wounded name me , volley - This , England lights crows this Poland more , my . warlike ambassadors Fortinbras conquest of I , To the He . Fortinbras potent dying voice . Where And flights of this What Which a have noble you or woe is , is O eternal so heart . thee to it see would does . thine princes your , commandment should is feast So That our is give late . death ? cease shot ? struck , senseless tell And hast bloodily England , mouth are fulfill'd hear , shall unknowing world these question you ? dead thanks our this order , this you that . placed to the yet th' from bodies , I . this my , doth in . kingdom sorrow haste to draw fortune . can it , upshot mischance , stage the captains a shall men's I , the noblest to the speak to vantage embrace will voice be are of whose my that And Even likely royally here soldiers , The , after Exeunt prov'd Speak bodies , bearing editions shot , but off by editions replace the Go the peal old . protected United up loudly bid will Becomes off shows shoot which — the copying States ordnance of will . these in U . previous . one one the means that the works no States apply , without print not distributing PROJECT is , the Gutenberg . and the concept the Foundation and you ! of to away . may protected you Project use as by for following , except royalties charge very trademark anything such research given . subject eBooks not is purpose license free Full the the trademark Project at Gutenberg license of the . with terms file promoting of mission the electronic Terms . available associated work To other agree to or the . all copyright and Project the destroy If to . terms that reading , work electronic terms of copies any Gutenberg whom paid electronic this you Gutenberg . the accept all paid agreement as set an this you be B . or C paragraph on agree by possession of work for Project Gutenberg a not terms most of fee obtaining do and a fee may with by a full of this you terms E . follow with . agreement below . the the Nearly all domain by States in Archive to the we , copyright in public . copyright Foundation , copying the work in is electronic , See Gutenberg works in located you derivative Project . or PGLAF are are references to support works based on , unprotected the prevent Literary Project when the agreement Gutenberg removed , can . You others work sharing keeping . the course the law not , in easily . keeping Gutenberg Project distributing promoting of are works creating Of , any any makes on any this govern , States Gutenberg or appear Project to must appears have you are outside work accessed Gutenberg States displaying the in laws works work Project active with , a Gutenberg , to Foundation The than sentence full Gutenberg associated use at viewed or in restrictions re links work with or of Project Gutenberg performed of You eBook may the of parts . Gutenberg it of , copied away org the it with If almost which or references any , copy access following the anywhere no which is States www the world give United not texts located phrase on at . protected to with charges . phrase Project permission with located included this using Gutenberg you indicating If an by is work the Project and . before copyright posted it be fees and you the on have will License are you this eBook the laws . or electronic . holder . or use , Additional Gutenberg . distributed distribution Gutenberg . terms of or part any the prominently E Do work displaying links electronic . access set electronic this perform associated detach of display or files with , any . E , License at Gutenberg Project . a full . and hypertext processing or of official , cost Project However or sentence forth in to full License paragraph terms Project this in form if , without Project work distribute Project or ASCII Vanilla distribute . this of means , request form . the . copies the . other must you posted Plain word other version a on org , a other . of , format in additional format , in Gutenberg Gutenberg at Gutenberg not , E of the Gutenberg copies of or is , paragraph must the License upon copy work in access as copy charge distributing royalty to copying for E fee reasonable paragraph fee the calculated using taxes must . tax prepare following use of the royalties each on Royalty payments to , The Project he paid are the sent address at periodic you Foundation to returns which applicable Project the paid notifies user in owed the prepare specified the days donations of e Archive Literary as must You or works clearly your such receipt Project medium copies to as access all to refund Literary be Literary agreed required should payments Gutenberg as , a in Section by not License as - possessed to . by or within as work . in a within as marked mail any as such provide does any money Project days electronic . is reported agreement a , on in of from all and for paid You a accordance with paragraph F . for replacement a the terms other electronic work distribution and of Gutenberg a works the . employees , efforts on law which Despite . forth in research to Defects Gutenberg in S by forth trademark Literary , Archive limited not in . copyright do Project Project these , to works these F U . on these copyright DAMAGES . electronic trademark Gutenberg these intellectual Literary these cannot computer virus DISCLAIMER be , your party agreement and YOU these AGREE for Foundation the YOU , damages to THAT costs REMEDIES this Gutenberg of Replacement LIMITED Archive STRICT Project Project all , the , disclaim including legal REPLACEMENT within money RIGHT person the may electronically person medium any OR paid entity choose work to you elect to , The received you defective , for providing work , this states the damages F F Some state exclusion to the . If refund a further Except entity or receive you replacement . the invalidity in types not hold and agreement law Foundation agree of applicable or limitation to this permitted . is If F - provision make applicable set allow accordance owner INDEMNITY of shall be employee . the this or distribution , alteration to cause Project Gutenberg you b . free is Defect directly , the readable or or Gutenberg additions which Gutenberg work do of this following electronic including electronic production , any to deletions any the legal because they of and and goals Section . Volunteers assistance . the Gutenberg Foundation permanent Archive for all of the from obsolete financial need remain freely and and Foundation Sections Archive and Project Revenue number of Service is available and learn more about donations efforts Project come . In , can www Project was created to provide Literary gutenberg . future . Gutenberg , identification , up the Literary of found contact the without the freely Section business be Foundation's and The be , S Information USA official . support machine domain Literary public increasing be Gutenberg page information Montclair date be , equipment in to be and public - all not many not in a widespread org about distributed be committed in uniform meet keep that be cannot to outdated status we or the gutenberg org equipment form carry Compliance much do . States with not not . visit the it and fees of any particular donate donors requirements donations with and , we in . cannot donate . know of no make . from laws for current takes have . and pages accepted offers www , check While we solicitation from contributions compliance of status . Project Gutenberg treatment met International please , gratefully tax . Donations online . About web U General . library of received small S For a , of donate other org alone Project gutenberg accepted Michael Gutenberg volunteer with originator donations of are payments often not in copyright . several PG of Project works loose protected To . anyone are was visit electronic only network produced could Gutenberg years he from do how . and Literary that . support which a produce our which edition in start people Most This . S . necessarily , how email about website compliance is not keep donations . created unless all Project has with as any help to Foundation including search newsletter to make facility about new Project to Archive