Who's , Stand Stand Stand And Stand quiet . Stand Stand at bitter heart Francisco , haste there . ho liegemen And night Dane ground . you night Who ? reliev'd hath ! him ? good good honest , has my place . Holla soldier Give Barnardo good . of this , I have , Marcellus there piece appear'd but 'tis will Touching again the watch approve may us He to And entreated apparition minutes this and of us him him twice speak to it . part of sit two so we Well us That , tush again assail , seen down speak Marcellus and one again comes , heaven pole the myself , of this westward that off then course same bell , beating figure art not it like King ? and King the to speak with be Horatio , time of warlike buried and By the majesty march which ? sometimes In thou that Question art Together is I charge ! away offended it speak ! more ? pale ! on't might tremble You ! will ! Horatio gone 'Tis How now , the Of not ! the thyself armour very art Norway when ! in an the So was he he twice Polacks the own , 'Tis smote before particular our watch dead this on ; for mart the strict tell of of of brazen cannon , sore war watch haste sweaty the whose this with week me inform can that That Whose , know now Fortinbras by a most goes whisper the , image you even - that ? last Norway pride emulate known ; of on which and Fortinbras Dar'd Who least as but valiant esteem'd side our who , a , to , King Fortinbras cov'nant , return'd his , seal'd to moiety had ; all those conqueror , Fortinbras of inheritance the been he unimproved list appear of And and the land it chief preparations , foresaid head in other but rummage The his terms main haste and watch our this , our us by the so the like these . King , Julius state Rome , figure mind's of eye of this sort and mote the A squeak trains and The graves in the so e'en and fire Roman dews . moist the fierce events blood eclipse stands , use . where it , demonstrated illusion earth countrymen , done earth , me to be earth , earth or blast I'll and climatures heaven Have earth our , it behold though thou happily privy good Speak thee do to hast earth in , walk in , of and they , Or treasure uphoarded foreknowing to , thing O you at my speak ? partisan Stay it it womb with here 'Tis will it Do 'Tis , being of And as majestical . crew thing heard the trumpet summons the shrill and ; of , with Doth It , about fearful is to , guilty a when the invulnerable , our it , And then a the Upon , The , To This erring and his day that cock Awake in The then Some The nights No So But fairy up us loves fitting dumb young spirit Let in Break Walks Unto do't Do , hallow'd have Where , our , Lords Voltemand whole it Attendant most and , him death brow fought think state queen on with nature , eye , joy kingdom . ourselves discretion Yet so far hath Together Therefore Th'imperial , in mirth With With this follows Or that . nor ; wife , wisdoms our this Importing thinking Colleagued you know all have freely of brother's of advantage lands death of have Fortinbras scarcely suppress - herein uncle : we of for meeting So bonds here levies , frame , pester his to fail'd us : writ . allow King and ; Farewell all Of and We doubt Laertes these That shall cannot us To business with dilated your things what's offer more not voice of And told lose And not is more to my . suit the nothing , of be Than You your the The is What instrumental , wouldst My you bow Yet your leave says ; go to at time him ; you hour graces my son thy do them Have gracious my , will fair Hamlet ; and than ! cousin more now thy best Take But And little the A my give consent slow me at . kind Denmark on ever eye Hamlet for not , than , still hang like on . less and that lord , for know'st like And let Do father nature common look cast am like thy If , it so alone 'Tis , like Seems Ay Nay not like like Seek 'tis Passing madam like , the Nor my of cloak suits of inky be , is suspiration , moods of forc'd a truly . me forms , dejected that which These visage , black the breath in the , indeed of seem play might passeth fruitful the and , obsequious In filial lost , mourning trappings but These 'Tis you must know actions have these obstinate stubbornness a impious In heaven , term survivor to But man that commendable your father I and the to a persevere some grief your nature father lost condolement . mind unschool'd peevish our common ; and thing know Why fault reason ? we a to to whose and , most against heart most understanding do obligation simple and incorrect we For Take A A shows must in of the should any unprevailing so fathers heart It it As An be 'tis till ' immediate no the woe and , let pray that still died us note , cried hath common our father you intent his . for most dearest For in school must a be In It in chiefest Let Here thy thee in I Be best , the And Do 'tis shall This to the the King's rouse drinks whereof . to obey loving in ; that the Denmark of fair ; unprofitable an , His that , self the itself solid earthly speaking And Re - not into Everlasting too and me to Fie I if As remember not , of had much to rank should to this this to on , nature O God unweeded gross of 'tis was so beteem roughly Heaven the my followed , little fed With have mourn'd A month think not A O Niobe it ? loving my yet ere or tears longer — the I Hercules salt the that beast most flushing incestuous Ere married With is , She . break heart . But My . It . yet . Than . And Sir . I The , that name good with , to , my make lord . good Marcellus you from you friend Wittenberg ; father's ere Elsinore sir , make enemy your you affair make shall Against prithee Indeed , my are own that ear you your in heaven Horatio in . tables upon student thrift ! lord day . meats my The that methinks ever I He I once not I Who ? King your yesternight him , I think Season The lord My , while ! deliver . these you let these gentlemen gentlemen had For waste Barnardo middle and Marcellus nights dead love the an God's , cap like - solemn thrice walk'd eyes he , A figure - them distill'd , they and , made , me in not the - with and march This . they comes hands I word night whilst . encounter'd Goes Been thus exactly and slow Form dreadful and to Almost dumb with ; oppress'd secrecy had the Within The deliver'd , of And I , your . once : to it ? the ; yet at lifted the morning as , I did cock in sight . away , loud address ; duty methought even writ know let live do Indeed indeed And sirs the 'tis our me MARCELLUS We I my it this , of in . say my watch , think , tonight lord , Arm'd you you you ? to do Both lord foot head to . toe , Then , countenance upon . pale sorrow or very his than he in . long you Nay eyes constantly . there it hundred , it , his longer Not as 'twill watch walk noble my it I itself should ; all sight still pray person , your in tenable my conceal'd hell silence tonight , gape father's assume hitherto your duty loves Our is not , rise ! well night twelve : men's to were will . doubt Do let is sister , convoy necessaries my would : you benefit sleep winds do , not that trifling of , his in nature ; his must you subject ; will his , not birth this on as for sanctity And The must and may Whereof fits so place no ; that he believe further is act loves body it ; enough affection , or open treasure songs . his list you honour goes withal or youth the maid or of of prodigal and shot chariest unmask before blastments in her galls or is to calumnious infants buttons liquid most safety best itself she And Contagious then or though and in , fear rear the the or beauty The it , my . your desire spring or , the of be not strokes ; treads heaven . to good , for , of memory , means vulgar you . comrade unfledg'd but ; palm . any Nor Look . stay'd for character friends Be thou them Bear't each Costly not every Take Of do new quarrel hatch'd to , entrance thine ear , censure but ; fancy reserve the a lender ; not can , man . be day man . in any my take go Ophelia you . you ? Hamlet , Marry And you you you You it is As you hath between his You in you such Pooh you Do believe not do you you Affection lord these what speak should call you yourself you are — speak Running Which Or speak lord not have speak sterling the you'll he importun'd a speak me tender wind of with speak fashion hath go speech heaven my lord vows burns to given you fashion , it thus , hath all . me love of woodcocks how , for it , as fire . is extinct , in a maiden young Lord is . at of entreatments to in larger . are they , may that heat he For , he , time ; forth Hamlet Lord your ; lord ; come the moment leisure . very of . struck it , is What Indeed Wherein ? Is The And kettle custom ; am it , manner to a native west and observance a is : in pith achievements the mind , though headed though tax'd , of nature guilty them much though reason , origin are some choose wherein though o'ergrowth nature manners , say plausive some of I — though as Fortune's undergo take censure though , man they ; too though pure The of own lord scandal it , us comes of heaven or or questionable call . thee such . I'll to intents me ! defend in sepulchre , marble and What ! again the inurn'd , hearsed why may fools disposition ? do of our glimpses , in this death the tell but , ponderous saw dead thus to shake ? with . action more go No no ; should be the what my , will Do And if What It for I not at a fear pin's to ; fee . my do itself follow my cliff the of other sovereignty Think toys some his assume deprive you very The And might Which Without That looks hears so And , not shall go in , your your , go your shall And your waxes desperate with I'll your , me lion's out cries not him imagination thus your 'tis follow Let's He not . come obey . him that , follow lets me direct will the of issue will state in follow , go . to sulph'rous Alas When I , flames . hearing to term ? to in fast my , lightest young freeze But . whose - I of nature blood their locks two Would each and stars my crimes to walk I What , unfold like thy a foul Doom'd of Like But flesh If To dear blood this quills knotted eyes tale of away purg'd ; prison start hair particular ears and ever . And Thy thou Murder the I ! murder unnatural and with wings is it that , the unnatural most thy father love his in Hamlet hear , Denmark youth . sting his that ; The rots duller And thou Wouldst of his incestuous prophetic crown in sleeping in stir , my the process but a by abus'd Rankly serpent A my whose made O in her whose gifts even of virtuous shameful power — wicked wit and , witchcraft of — a hand to decline queen , beast adulterate that , most to gifts But though sate Will Though of soft My the morning of always of the whose effect with ears a uncle a radiant as , virtue court prey I Sleeping hebenon juice Upon me methinks secure And itself garbage the ; heaven link'd , stole , of cursed leperous as porches to a angel Brief let enmity . orchard through it eager a natural custom my doth dispatch'd hand ; the So , loathsome brother's . vile milk , on sent blossoms , was Most And The , curd Thus , and And The Of Cut No , Let A O But , Against those thou pursu'st , this . not ; at of , it my account once ; head horrible , soul be contrive Denmark thy fire near , lodge act her to to heaven her Fare . her worm adieu of you And not thy mother thy aught in leave matin well , once . else my old thee uneffectual . O fie grow heaven , memory Remember earth ! me Remember , you of saws Yea wipe books That Unmix'd villain villain matter damned brain live down , it villain my shall ; pressures heaven ! Now , me word my . At lord be is smiling woman of volume all alone , him . lord ho , So it secure ! my . my , my lord ? it . come Come ! lord you'll , would I Nor be of , and heart my my dwelling arrant Ay then lord , lord . it think once MARCELLUS man grave from Denmark in by . all this lord us my , right ; you sorry I'm wild it ; and — you hath desire hands . words heartily : part own my for and and I'll . by . here me now And what , ghost honest an as It you your you friends me they no There's , And For are that Touching Yes faith , lord my poor have not . swear't will MARCELLUS friends , and request and , lord my , already . faith indeed . this thou Cries under hear Consent you Art in . cellarage . there . ground oath Propose of Swear ubique hither gentlemen . Once mole ! by sword good i' Canst ! old Swear of this hands speak ? lay Come Then to et Hic said O Never Well worthy day Here A and but is this and so , in in perchance an such could or , thus pronouncing speak' to Or we As That Or by know' 'Well Or list , ambiguous at ; most — 'There , giving me shall seeing this , if be 'We of such Rest With rest my what do all t'express shall , your on joint out is ever Nay time The That not love do Beneath love I perturbed , still his so And lack . and your to make lord my , and I Before these , visit marvellous will money said , what means Danskers very at and drift in you , sir , keep ; know you in 'And be I mean may say wild well this , put ; that , 'not and ' but dishonour such companions noted wild . usual , far go , drabbing As ? in would But , As you wanton take heed and youth ; him sir that dishonour lord fencing it him ; of mind the charge quaintly so . him on his taints a unreclaimed of the but open another to put : may and assault blood in seem is general lord . Of flash outbreak , that , you , in or 'friend , would son working warrant , th' or of According Of The He good my lord , I . country and Having youth in party sir By , mass He 'friend At so in , consequence 'closes in you with gaming out falsehood , By , brothel Videlicet My indirections my former You with assays and wisdom find have , have you . of reach . forth ; of , my , fare have I . you his shall Observe been lord my . matter his . How , now Pale To As And as upon and his , doublet chamber comes ? love truly thy me hard ; thy , thy , face his o'er thus hand thy arm he stay'd Long rais'd And At As with thy would he goes And thy end For He his being did his , last And seem'd with me to out And , Whose the to is This leads And go violent the as him natures our given oft any fordoes go love , undertakings under hard you and . mad heed better fear'd . command denied King . provoke the sort , to kept love younger might our , Guildenstern Welcome that Hamlet's hasty we dear , need The Of Rosencrantz much have th'exterior was of . th'understanding , What the man , you see put you thus that youth in companies , and your your to may to gather our his to so death transformation ; Since than More I vouchsafe on from are you afflicts occasion us hath adheres If much as Whether talk'd remedy glean our . men us living so , pleasures by here , you there two profit our good . much your and you the As us so hope will us , please will it not king's of majesties shall receive more such king's Than For the king's expend time supply visitation your Put by Both a king's remembrance thanks . king's bent , king's feet commanded To here king's lay and To service freely Guildenstern some practices , to and you him . and Hamlet is of and instantly and Go where and visit . and and Heavens Are hast been Assure , duty my Both to as , amen from still the my I I Have do my , trail — that have : good my , you I or of policy so . the them to be that Give that Hunts us'd admittance fruit to to do I th'ambassadors great to first all , I me tells my sweet he hath Hamlet's , grace do of , them bring that and . distemper but marriage main your other we , from our ! suppress Norway . brother fair His a to and desires . o'erhasty sift . what Well , But was so his your sickness hand sends in he Norway of which before his against with in overcome crowns , old Whereon Was On , against , in , age ; into borne look'd better Receives falsely in ; rebuke Makes three might So him Gives levied you for this we'll time your upon - feast this , pass give quiet allowance enterprise us and . well , night , majesty nothing wit outward since to should and well madam What liege rest , thank , and for took labour . is expostulate . madness mad , is less , 'tis the of And use . with I 'tis it grant for mad , 'tis , say , find rather this remains a have For , defective cause comes remainder whilst in her and the duty effect then out Mad an phrase phrase vile soul's but : and me obedience you shall ? a beautified hear . 'beautified' mark , vile reckon Adieu him it art me ; this most , and , might you , think , might table or queen me hot . a What must 'Lord Or I If might you look'd my given my my And Hamlet Or my not That Which he to took the , thence and into this he for into a a now , wail think this you very likely that — fast wherein madness And Do If this is Where I such a When positively that Take truth know You How may it four lobby he we the . hours . arras he behind If . I I'll loose reason carters We me be At time his Let But look not And Mark you where I'll board him , Excellent Not I - God you Do You me Well That's if well , man picked a not a he daughter a ? daughter , carrion true my lord a . my have . harping , dog dead a a Have you first in he ? Aside . a Friend a but as very a gone Yet , lord my ; is on . He for much fishmonger suffered . again I , words do you read . my , a plentiful lack is in't method am I wrinkled purging eyes old though ; wrinkled lord wrinkled . thick of wrinkled and wrinkled Aside hits on How pregnant which reason sometimes will I . wrinkled between often air the o' that my the air my . humbly delivered madness of and , willingly . life life take him . lord ; I you save . fools except my tedious These Fare you well , the dear . the that we On My Happy children of thou ? Ah ; happy ? the her not the Nor Neither or , my the privates O middle she of favours more question strumpet is a . hither the honest . Let true not prison th' ? at hands , wards the goodly , I I have a that nutshell prison or . a nothing lord . good is there to ambition could Why God your makes in it bounded the shadow not ambition is , bodies I indeed , ambitious is dream itself shadow heroes that it , I outstretch'd fay for but nay we the to with your , am you thanks my own me . anything But Is it justly . confession in I kind of colour to withal To eye say were could of of our rights by by dear me more . whether better obligation hold sent me love . for no moult anticipation my heavily a pestilent , why ; reason admirable of of that of have forgone I . feather , so with goes and , Queen my all with promontory mirth sterile in : delights lord shall then . offer We not you Why think hither plays ; not clown adventurous king shall are the me He of shall and wont that the , welcome , to shall the , coming players man his foil and Majesty his players players take profit hold they players estimation players by means . Are ? players Do it ? players the in wonted , them — the now scarce on comes How , endeavour indeed , aerie of so and pursue are , has argument should grow than quills maintains do controversy the there no for like tarre make much unless been poet question . possible throwing of away King father my uncle my boys much been about it at something hundred mouths , make very not that ducats this ; Do the , while a in is more uncle like ceremony players entertainment father , aunt ? dear west . my lord than mother from a . you The . comply , you handsaw with swaddling they ; out an old man . clouts say a Mark so . it — is indeed you was When . lord tell , right he will lord have I of child Monday yet not there to . 'twas morning Monday have an Monday You Rome in Monday Monday history , Monday — poem historical for , his men . lord passing well Aside . my he loved , which The Still fair daughter not then and God , wot lord know like you What , than like I voice when you , my fly anything heaven , God nearer . chopine ladyship in French speech falconers passionate is friend within . my welcome all old to , be We'll the By'r . Com'st O of , good by ! thou , me beard of a . straight e'en a a quality What speech . a a judgements a speak me the But matters cried it a the scenes a , caviare not play a the of where , by 'Twas me in wholesome the make as , to , it in of it , as , as I received much — an modesty , lines as and . honest it matter called more Aeneas' tale handsome of he begin Black he lay did the slaughter , so With is Now now blood With Bak'd That murders like eyes With And thus of To he total gules the Roasted in gore wrath and Priam , with coagulate light fire streets . with spoken , he Greeks command , wind , this falls to Stoops Seeming Striking Rebellious Takes And Of Which Pyrrhus' feel , ear and the , matter . sword below orb thunder storm , stand , still , you sword . Pyrrhus' - work , All power fall eterne bleeding proof hammers falls less On out general In , Break all bowl shall good rheum bisson barefoot up Where and ! mobled 'Mobled queen' is Hecuba or ? good the flames queen' threat'ning and , down upon up , a for of with , her in would make malicious treason did sword Pyrrhus themselves clamour the in passion colour no out you speak better were death they are you , bodikin used will well well the abstracts the of you epitaph Do well them . chronicles a live . and will much Use , thou friends We'll sirs own his desert them tomorrow . Take Gonzago ? of The speech insert a in't , down a for my , Very sixteen or Follow till Rosencrantz To Ay Tears in soul monstrous working , all for ! alone . I Now slave player function whole to all that ; speech to What or ? the and would , ear and appal indeed the . with tears horrid amaze Yet peak throat be region liver'd pigeon oppression offal treacherous have . should - take ? me it . villain me off deep 'Swounds beard my the as make to nose and blows lie i' th' hell and by a dear is murder'd , most lecherous Bloody : it or and , kindless bawdy father slave's ! This of ass ! villain brave a have play scene the of brain have murder tongue father players these ; blench , perhaps power , seen malefactions soul the their presently , have and melancholy spirits play's of no on drift . circumstance why turbulent you and his harshly by him a himself forward on , aloof well a like receive true Did Of would When with of much you Most that fell . Of kind the they about ; him of we certain pastime reply any of . his him the Did o'er hear there - it on did it I night see he all my ; see hear and the see give on to lord my see , see see here hither , see encounter Affront closely leave by myself and , we Sweet as father so Will That he Ophelia . too us , judge , no , espials seeing frankly he his of th'affliction their ourselves him If't That Hamlet's Will Ophelia will I Madam To both . this , on Read . Ophelia To are We — here Gracious exercise sugar my plastering him I Is hear To coming Or The , 'tis slings to Let's and and Let's more ; is 'tis to — we end Let's : is fortune suffer lord that die Let's may mortal sleep Let's , the shocks to question troubles , consummation a : Let's to be them ? sleep the To dream us of so There's the life what die to say , sleep , spurns . respect coil and , we Must bear the , insolence of of Who a To bodkin of The grunt he That For love of proud man's scorns merit pangs love would wrong office love shuffled of under a weary death love , delay long , love time love moment resolution us of hue we of cast great love regard lose And your my , the native Ophelia all sins and , turn remember'd , a yours of well day many lord . deliver . well , receive remembrances re to now not , them again wax ? when Rich more my lord There things Take these Could my your beauty to and sooner transform commerce with beauty the now you paradox , honesty will Indeed proof was , your honesty time gives from can . translate old accuse of of am things such very I me breeder borne at . sinners . deceived ; shall the loved cannot could them . ways and to I a between none my give not more with , honest I of was I earth to have but nowhere thy , of do shape your believe offences Go time ? as home upon all nunnery . lord . marry . marry you you given wantonness your and You too and quickly wilt me as , restore , mad already are , make , on't . shall a O what Those ! nunnery state To made married . you God hath I your and . amble hath it more no more the And , shall courtier's That T'have sweet Like seen set it our tribute , England to believe I , Lord of his grief Ophelia said Hamlet what not all Sprung shall heard need it if But We . his hold tell love us lord be . you so let all But commencement . fit conference their , mother it . plac'd him please she . where , find ; If , him . in the , go unwatch'd so think him be in Madness it you mouth spoke you pray as I . lines , as many , but robustious capable such , may I , crier , a , the Be so overdone , action tame too not most noise now of tardy body the the the is her the others , the having praise of the unskilful pressure scorn the of let not the , word the the the observance and judicious a whole the heard and grieve though form . the censure it make profanely seen o'erweigh , Christian thought pagan Nature's , well some — that others that on some necessary shows , those indifferently imitated journeymen man , have they have And let . reform'd . that Bid players Queen too two them . presently lord ? haste . as conversation my , will , my lord at e'er thou candied . of her tongue hast And thrift the follow Where No and could seal'd men herself suffering all thee of crook , feed let thee revenue what do may not no clothe That And in dear A with equal are she not judgement they what stop slave . so man and are thee a I do play Something . Fortune's finger , my and for co nothing him mingled rewards - well buffets that , Fortune's And pipe me Give ay . In prithee I Observe mine a damned not And my stithy . mine eyes will both Give rivet . judgements seeming lord pay the play will . whilst the , detecting coming . march Excellent , did I my , nor this , not mine . good you play'd say accounted a Be there . by patience capital calf attractive . metal that ? here's Hamlet they stay , ho I lord , my upon my you Do Ay Lady meant mean I head meant are meant a think nothing meant fair meant my maids' . meant legs . my I , Ay merry You Nay ? O , 'tis mother - cheerfully then hope by'r sables long , you how ! man's - a Enter She with and a his , head and him kneels . on , and She . The Queen Poisoner with She seems his What Queen lament gifts . The three end accepts this miching means ; is . all tell : players what this my lord ? the of cannot argument fellow it mischief . they'll tragedy I'll , what . of ring patiently my . love brief , prologue this , you the play our for hearing to We Is thirty salt and hath orbed , done your of bands and times moons with wash times Phoebus' Tellus' twelve Hymen love are ere so : so know , is are . fear hath nothing you , leave do : shortly proof is love fears Where Where little is great powers husband must I My must O second In Honour'd , belov'd live leave , When second second I , but poor sticks on . 'tis unshaken fall is you my husband of none dead speak break is passion in believe I violent Most pay passion The Grief joys is world loves should grieves ourselves propose joy or doth we the of joy Their Where 'tis love lead doth , fortune doth great man down hitherto doth : friend doth ; fortune yet our doth nor accident not change , tend , run try a begun . scope light , be a hence would I Both If To here what Meet Sport give turn repose day me that once . If it now here . I leave and dull Ophelia , widow blanks the and sleep brain us play ? twain much too like mischance how protests she'll . between Sleep never Madam The keep ? but do but heard how the is ? Marry Vienna What a have wince knavish piece , withers ; our souls free jade one is This You gall'd ; and done . Gonzago good your . if lord King . not puppets see could dallying nephew play his but it name , Let : o' what I to Lucianus interpret you your , fit drugs murderer my worse doth bellow . damnable leave seeing creature thrice , midnight rank season Confederate , It would Still husbands . the apt , Begin ; story how The blasted mixture Thou On written estate Italian rises lord . play light the fire false ? shall . All lights strucken the let deer Give me some The hart ungalled play go , of my sir ? the , on players of cry of with ; So , feathers two know , I dear . pound here rhymed word , him ? perceive lord my of talk well a thousand . reigns , A Horatio O I'll good take ghost's I , it comedy , recorders . the sir King , me my sir Ay , what whole , to should doctor Your wisdom Is my , No am , mother I lord into your put wildly Good my The you a your Make , answer , but shall command , What more she thus no wholesome you : that the can stonish you with at , obey to this shall We this And my this so , liberty this Sir your this upon what you lack if your when you this bar any you . further . do to for the friend your . toil pipe ? unmannerly why musty do this cannot . my it I upon is play I , Will most . lord your you ; you make skill any . breath as music cannot it give I to seem how would there is it much me . speak , pipe fret me than you compass be , and cannot on played the , would Queen is a a that's mass the like my to like like I bent and like by by whale Very like Or like a and will . like . a — say Leave — will I very , bitter . not enter this , this in and be be use bosom me night witching and could thy on do , The To give How My I I terms so England of us doth grow . not with . is many feed his shall along you dispatch prepare you safe and all The That and religious lunacies , rest much depend and of the is life 'noyance weal not The What's Dies keep itself strength live Are Each To Fix'd on Did Arm mortis'd we Which I pray goes , fetters too and but We will but ROSENCRANTZ haste put you free upon to but GUILDENSTERN fear alone groan . but but to going . arras more and but I'll his myself mother's convey closet tax him home . wisely I'll partial you them , strong as not cursed rain not thicker neglect man be a guilt inclination stronger like murder upon't will to smells double my defeats to I where What with in ? this but itself as the in it the brother's come Whereto of to offence snow visage twofold serves , blood sweet force , O ? Then I retain th'offence my this shove wicked by , true his out In crown My To Yet gilded Offence's Art O engag'd soul Try give to is no , Even what wretched more Bow limed O And A And I I . it may sinews do pat Now so I heaven took my crimes his , now . might Up When Or That no of in horrid No , hent rage , act , and in't damn'd about bed . I am drunk swearing the and gaming , physic The My Words fly up without thoughts straight . Tell He him And Within heat will Much have Grace . that Pray him Look your pranks I'll round silence with me Withdraw , Fear him not . much ? matter father mother Now Come thy , Hamlet you , you come Mother answer now an idle tongue . now , with matter the What's , how your not I'll then it the No , Queen were You , and not see you husband's You to rood , you sit down set ho ! not wilt ho , What Help , help help How Behind a now Dead What ? what O O . A bloody As king with bad as a As king . marry and ! slain is , word ? deed his , lady thee let find'st to be your me If If wringing took I Thou kill 'twas my ? thy fool . fortune , Peace too wring custom braz'd dar'st me thy stuff not , of of of vows of a marriage , deed of such Makes of of hypocrite as And That As very rhapsody Calls A sets a body religion doth mass plucks solidity words soul The With here a lighted New world a Mars , grace was - kissing Mercury this and , loud The curls station what counterfeit this of seated on did the husband god your is To Would cannot you Could Here his your wholesome this this on This husband fair ? Ha ear ? eyes sight all blind choice not would so sure , tame : and it's , have , devil thrall'd err of quantity was sense without Or Ears shame it in But hath cozen'd or eyes shame ! of part where blush , matron's a in mutine shame canst shame If not so shame To thou gives will shame . soul spots . an sty no me like O words , and Stew'd in Over to Hamlet sweet villain ; kings the tithe ears mine in daggers enter twentieth a murderer diadem the stole ? your of What would mad figure lets command visitation This say tardy by go , to passion . you lady vacancy , discourse wildly spirits air eyes your soldiers , hairs and flame . Whereon you an the Sprinkle On like Upon up and cool like , Forth And like And like with do like on heat ! Look cause — conjoin'd want like him Would Lest effects true capable Do what them this Then . nothing Nor there did all all you , you This My pulse My I from have This very coinage creation in ecstasy It word to , ulcerous the , but madness love me not test madness grace , time ; your which the for - to place to is to speaks ; beg times my , good weeds within yourself . spread them And Yea the But virtue monster Assume the . devil almost abstinence shall is use , is a put aptly He habits a night That That For With And either wondrous curb the , to . you when use the . you pleas'd this scourge their but heaven , cruel I death I One do good to , kind I begins him must desirous For this same it bestow must punish repent beg hath me good answer So , the Not , by bad be and more shall that you of matter with neck all ravel am 'Twere . from ? paddock in No hide the famous house's like and sober him know , a , bat Who a of sense , despite and fly the the Unpeg , a breath forgot said I if basket conclusions your letters There's Whom I And break words you , to 'Tis . as to me bear They will Alack must I And at But When And Mother I'll one guts , night the good , neighbour room most knave , hard mines most packing this . sweet . sighs fit these translate must There's is 'tis You Bestow on this lord , good ? understand them . heaves profound we These little I , in ? the Which as the Gertrude How does when stir a ' ! wind . 'A son us tonight ! there all we everyone to threats to be . so man full to was providence ? disease whose us of us cries , in The O , deed let of , been had ! haunt of to us restrain'd . the of very Should mad But To on To a mineral He Among O'er would it short kept most much what . kill'd , gone feed ore he hath of like base metals all excuse our him Gertrude itself of draw Shows pure of come away mountains is . of Guildenstern , this in he , in O of , and . with and of both Hamlet Come Gertrude chapel hath countenance We Both we But hath Friends him , hath hath done the cannon , dismay away , hath . haste to do , hath And Whose level you slander blank world's . may o'er up haply diameter our O his name , hit My What noise is soul . Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ Safely GUILDENSTERN . miss the my on and , with ! body done it you , us where , that we may to it , should replication not a of for me and what — Take ; Ay them last swallowed authorities , you : understand to with sleeps , A glad not my and is — Hide him put we not is it lov'd He's not and to I Yet How Who dangerous 'tis the offence appliance are , the How pause Or now body at not ? What . Where , Without lord We cannot get from ? in before Hamlet At Not where he him . us is Your and but lean , creatures to at but and all fat fat may man fish show but thither Nothing i' that of you the not there guts into find see If you seek him . him through the not him up . as him . stairs go find grieve hence , there thine come Go you we dearly send till stay hast we , With Hamlet this bark For Th'associates it , So them that Good . England , if mother , Father and mother man , come England ! one England ; aboard wife for ; Tempt Delay for if love , foot ; him , tonight and with speed thou hold'st give and raw at awe sense , red Come wife and power Our And Follow I'll my thy — conjuring letters death the By must to th'affair everything yet sovereign After my , seal'd haste . not thee set me , Over Craves Tell haps cure thou Howe'er , of You . by promis'd know joys Majesty him know express the kingdom that do't his duty lord so with ; rendezvous aught would . sir ? Fortinbras of Norway , against main no patch name of ground . the not , it ; Poland frontier to a for some no it , ducats hath go to yield it We to speak , and five it Norway sold or would to , the rate ranker never ducats garrison'd will Polack . already is and question much and the it I please Will't How all be I'll my with you do dull occasions straight revenge and feed and chief that That made ? of scruple on , or precisely hath , Now , such market . Go after after us large after to but yet after have I three , oblivion us with after godlike th'event craven whether and . after some as and ambition death , mass divine Examples , do't To Witness Whose spirit . cause such tender Rightly stake That Why live an eggshell When Excitements reason , sleep of a father to to the my imminent death of to . kill'd have all , at let The , a for And from and cause , forth . a thousand my That to thoughts To My i' enviously but at She carry th' is importunate will What father be , tricks Spurns speaks straws sense use ; they aim at move is things Her and ; and beats ? own fit and of their doth nothing , doubt , thoughts gestures thought , unhappily for she nature great is guilt be true some to fearing spills of in of ? Denmark Majesty beauteous now How spilt one true love . another should what this ? song . know ? mark staff a but head is dead a his pray sweet and . With Which the all Larded his shroud White you dild God , what but say what owl was . lady . go . at baker's a showers you you , no not words means let's , To rose the donn'd that , maid And All I chamber window , maid on't more door . cold i' must be We hadst long hath ha' not thou him night ; is death poison sweet , they sweet First , sweet father's son . sweet come sweet the , sweet Thick In hugger Her and is brother wants And on his With Wherein pestilent Last the from death - we mugger are pictures her mere all from come keeps speeches Without , of O murdering me The is yourself , young Let Let Let What Than your as Let Antiquity cry , Let O'erbears the flats Let list , Let , known every word Laertes forgot were now props ratifiers and be cheerfully — stand all you in give come . me We pray Danes , let's you leave . king , harlot bastard ; blood to good Cries of cuckold here me good Keep the true chaste good good Laertes that's father good between my my good That That little incens'd his but good cause , giant hedge peep — thus can will , man . go demand by him his him , me my art Let , fill Dead be , give to I , well reveng'd stand the world . your certainty and friend in with life - rendering Winner friends good his To It I to your judgement for . arms pelican speak kind them guiltless child , Why am shall day brains sense up out heat O true a grief your sensibly level does your Let . mine O kind the Nature And Hey our bore They be fine sends Hadst grave on his a becomes and and There's and and wheel daughter and . a - fitted and . And remember must you you rue . my good . when a herb it all all , hell to and favour to turns And will no , he - he poll . bed as is , soul b' . his cast gone ha' pray I this , he white will flaxen as we souls Christian all of must right we life us find They Make And , If To Be Cry be trophy to noble sword , as , death nor call't shall . bones earth . fall . his due it , great th'offence you ? with speak me that is So where go . world Hamlet of Lord from . part they . name , on were . you if , is this it know England letter of sir your . give to have too of of thee hold . will the and Guildenstern good course of . for bring England of thee much . they have did . appointment of they dealt am compelled got , I will are thou as haste But . Let turn words light to speak the . the from well you Sith To speedier , for way you whom acquittance noble a heart must must put . else , his — stirr'd You his are were wisdom not appears and capital , so , seem . looks almost to you , your My She's or may , could Why Which not to that turneth in wood a again lost , him affection my bow might The which sphere stone soul , to loud wind , them father noble go I graces so that praises a where have so my , sister so Would A her . driven have if And For worth And that your father , now Break That it let are your our be shortly will , your this from to ? Queen , danger dull and . them . not saw them the given Tomorrow us them I ; by know , recount the of When them brought them . see I . naked your . I ? rest thing . your return kingly , my such says . But me let ? 'alone lord , here is , you 'Naked hand tell , come , otherwise me ? peace a — that , ripe now it my but fall , device , means he now will and in shall breathe choose the uncharge wind . shall accident will I you be , since of say together and shine you , one Did As A Yet and light and months becomes , my wears , the , his his topp'd tricks . and he ? Lamord of had Come the As Had of of of of of my all all If That swore could you them nothing do with , all . defence their sight , all nation , his his this guard wish with — all , this of all are Laertes , you was to A you know begun ? time . your in see wick or snuff at did For too is much a that very flame of did did did , it ; did it proof , did by fire still , many th'ulcer : deed 'would' That abatements and this accidents ; undertake in , He you , the on heads free those set And should No place , this Revenge We'll And Will for I that that mortal And is Collected moon all blood Where but the it but that virtue , sword . of practice . will purpose , unction of so have slightly hold , me . fail let , end hot are to I'll , your whereon have violent you more bouts drink ; wager Our chance escape hold cunnings prepar'd but your your As I he chalice A may heel Laertes , brook . where a the daisies did glassy and , make she stream purples . broke sliver them weeds men's boughs an dead coronet up her distress her . from heavy creature of , like incapable one like chaunted native her garments element , death drown'd long their melodious lay blaze . fain When custom gone , yet poor . thou tears Ophelia these that , to give it do will had Let's that what trick ; will out speech a The woman But to it , she The . burial Christian her again start Therefore wilfully . therefore own she unless and buried her salvation when , burial straight crowner an , lies three defence hath act point delver ; hear , can must drown It I be if that be Why it act to is — not drowns mark to go leave me man , himself Argal But he have crowner's ? quest law . his the lies that . Will you ha' . ditchers , and Come bore none had ever understand he makers gentleman . to Scripture gardeners art . to — answerest maker than carpenter mason dig me . faith or to ? the - that good to for builds thou . digg'd he does is built It The well do , does tenants thousand a Go stronger that a than To't and , a , do frame outlives But carpenter ? the , tell tell , now Marry To't Mass mason Ay Cudgel no when it , I 'a mend , thee behove . Methought when I did feeling Has this fellow made hath hand grave in little his the , steps clutch sing . it this that once did the first the dost that How ? not ass not , lord one it sweet might now my morrow , more think on't . we ache Mine ? loggets spade Here's a , play to about the knocked , it and had but lawyer Where be ? made to chapless ; fine no see't O . he shovel , quillets not that his tell great to not knave , will in's cases guest clay shrouding - now , the vouchers recovery ones dirt buyer , of fines him knock tenures a be meet of to land and his his skull action of his , this fellow might fine fine of length him no have recognizances rude this his and ? and ha , more of my more made sheep no in his be and breadth a pate a ? the ? double than his double fine , The full must too ? sir that fellow sir grave's seek , and my not a Ay calves a be For of clay for . is this Whose — to , a indeed , say away thou , on't it sir , pit such out in't What not be the will therefore from again What I part , quick a in't for thou man she's . soul her speak rest grave o'ercame I is the the grown picked We Lord ! sir , a , absolute the age the near Cannot Hamlet , he not , marry , Every born ; seen be mad How is ? was e'en , wits say men matter no him How Very strangely not strangely a strangely man . his ? strangely have what ground lie strangely been I Upon years man here strangely strangely How if nowadays be that Why more A a mad , Whose - skull water laying before will , dead Nay fellow's was - Whose pour'd Yorick's . was Alas , poor most , a on . see a E'en fellow the Takes know one she Horatio What's Alexander , chamber come to mock , oft . merriment now your favour must tell , thou to me fashion Pah lord this ? th'earth i' lord ! find curiously . to thither is the ; him it he thus dust of earth died ? too hole trace with to we not . in . wind the ! to O Might stop a and earth Alexander consider stopping . a to was might clay away . Trains but patch Caesar aside to The Should that , comes , to doth Here world flaw the to . life follow of mark we awhile , ceremony ? and did some Mark What Fordo Her very noble youth Couch That . What ? Laertes And Till should we is a else command warranties else enlarg'd was the , done be burial charitable prayers thrown ; her . order rites home peace requiem profane sage sing No As To A We violets thought hop'd thy . flowers Scattering I Hold off the in more your have ten What Sweets the wife that earth once this o'ertop pile Till Depriv'd Till . I of thee dust upon treble her or the skyish have quick blue flat Conjures of and Pelion mountain dead , thy . soul This makes and thy ! Dane the take not well splenative something Away rash , throat my . asunder not me . fear dangerous , lord eyelids , Why be with fight O . forbear ? tear of up Dost thou ? fight , Ophelia all quantity God do of brothers God God thyself ? God thou mere God is rant against pate of God I'll This awhile that outface me of will the use me . couplets sit . that it His as her golden as work : sir himself last night's the , matter set some have the your in patience good and will what he present see be — your speech all the , heart prais'd That Sir , When - gown Up I Grop'd That is most that ; shapes we , had in , me fine , dark the about my certain in scarf'd packet room forgetting again health many and bugs supervise royal ! Denmark's knavery , so withdrew , life , England's in of struck no proceed I at villanies ? how beseech I thus make round hear with — commission new as wrote I to , sat brains you it Is't from King now much do , know my lord less , ordinant my signet my had Why Subscrib'd it : sea changeling the never known , and Guildenstern man they did this defeat . employment what already to't comes points fell . opposites go th'impression . Now , the was this to make conscience is thee my Thrown his between in with with him such arm — is't And of this To shortly him ? known the issue of further angle ? from nature is't , mother , my and and my proper perfect England for What portraiture That I The . am to humbly thank Your lordship , Peace Into sure who comes here ? to of beasts , a should to his as , him vice lord impart a a know but . leisure of chough a I very , very a from his at , a spirit Majesty . your northerly hot head the for my indeed . he , here tell laid gentry would in or society mine ; faith wager lord my , great court differences you believe , in ; for soft he is continent perdition memory of great trace else a Why as who mirror concernancy The is Is't Your to , him his infallibly of gentleman is imports What possible to understand Laertes not Laertes , of me ; Laertes already , should Laertes ; him with Laertes by on Laertes not — did if ? you excellence what and know , against French poniards Three horses well six , so the . the imputation the his of his weapon he's meed his in ? What's and of conceit carriages margin the Barbary him . six But weapons responsive . wager'd as carriages of hangers swords French might , be their till are the , imponed all that's as : to more would carriages The edified by bet if the three Danish the against call lordship the german , it six carriages phrase sides Barbary liberal Why is hath three against that a laid a French assigns a . you twelve between on opposition the , a answer I if the a How of a in your ? the purpose . the I , re I gain nothing after yours Yours . To commend . not Shall ; sir comply tune did does commend the the , which with out he habit through blow attend , him to My winnowed lord ; and opinions same you my to to constant , fitness speaks King ready purposes that pleasure play with him commended hall the hold I is . they or now coming entertainment have . matter no . been in gentle you before this , me giving - would how not fit say and , obey are . I not special a not to you There's 'tis shall but If it , whit no man if ; be , aught now of what has Give presence pardon't punish'd I am What , your might proclaim honour sore a have is't hand you . me from wrong heard , was . Hamlet . thoughts generous house , it madness , not is me hurt And my , is poor in Sir of have Free so in aloof satisfied case my no known . peace time — and honour reconcilement freely frankly come foils and us Give and for me . darkest and night and th' and . star ; Laertes , sir star star side weaker star you therefore ; star me have odds know star ? Cousin . young the wager my the . odds both ? length a another have upon third successive kings ; breath me speak ; to heavens ' . Hamlet , you , King to the drinks heavens sir bear , lord , judges on Come without to the . again very ; Well me give , Here's drink , hit Stay first it . say ? set hit ; son Our touch , Another fat The Come touch , I what shall scant thy to take , confess napkin win . Good Gertrude , Here Hamlet and , By I not do carouses , the drink not Come let me yet hit . it late a violence but conscience and thy . now my you dally . now scuffling you . of do me You almost best 'gainst I am afeard the pray for neither Laertes Say neither Have in , the Look neither neither How Laertes neither neither on , How to mine my the . my poison'd O the dear Hamlet , No , Let drink drink the door Seek Hamlet medicine is It to on there world can is do Hamlet an . out . half , thou of hand hour thy , am I Is . murderous , thy defend Here Drink is It Exchange poison my forgiveness Queen I on death with me , by temper'd a He dead am look , this fell dead aright you — cause I , as . a the an some Roman believe To or tremble , by ; thus shall live thy in behind heart wounded Heaven I'll . Let antique Here's I th'art Poland ? this come conquest . volley O the Fortinbras warlike This of England I , To What The And Now is hither . death , late us give England sight The him and is ; thanks are is hast princes at proud thine struck ? Guildenstern th'ability Not Had He from it of commandment jump have life their death . world these you and , wars upon for thank you hear I mistook this . carnal these And sorrow us noblest , to rights with now claim my shall vantage embrace . All forc'd , it the hear to memory I of in to passage , war his stage , mischance , presently happen soldier errors be whose from while Hamlet On But this mouth minds him put for the . Such for he been editions — protected not old copyright it States previous be editions copy and without and S ordnance in Project PROJECT in forth can bodies , off after United set works charge including . with eBook of Project Gutenberg used be of , Gutenberg . concept may the practically of You easy of copies may , for complying the is and any and with nearly eBook Project . trademark if the eBook do — free the of the the mission License available with all way by Project works Gutenberg Gutenberg other you . all copyright accept you work and the of agreement terms gutenberg electronic Terms . of electronic work agree , or indicate , electronic all By or using of , cease copy obtain trademark . electronic agreement Project Gutenberg agreement electronic by work There are See with Project Gutenberg do this a E bound access the person . who few only people works can of Project in the the individual below domain in law , the . Gutenberg electronic support works by freely this sharing agreement work . of the keeping we we copyright by States in Of easily hope performing as the work keeping promoting works Project course for Gutenberg long in License Gutenberg by agreement with name share laws the without attached of . you a constant do state charge with Copyright place can govern , work makes any to Project Gutenberg the , any , distributed : displayed work License , other or appear most or eBook with anywhere copied or in and cost anyone , of Project Project appears accessed United no under States almost - the with , use re , you where gutenberg States are United U posted charges distributed to of the Project you must comply . E the through , you anyone are or E . distribution posted is . Additional E your , Gutenberg through electronic or . holder copyright the to terms be additional will E terms . displaying , any work detach Gutenberg access to work , including detach in terms this of and sentence or detach work electronic detach E prominently work E detach other . detach . than Vanilla ASCII the a obtaining gutenberg Vanilla ASCII provide a copy form fee , or processing or word , compressed any . to distribute version reasonable distributing charge a request . distributing means must as for access in the exporting work must original . works the . displaying . Plain or derive . works copies . paragraph E or . The he E using . but fee has Project the . prepare returns sent address the to Foundation paid money any of Archive such Foundation refund should legally to Literary e the terms within . the full or medium . F . works to copy replacement terms and receipt of other distribution discovered of reported work of Project to charge group the Foundation must works a this fee obtain , on Contact below Section trademark in volunteers research copyright these and on law , employees transcribe and expend in Gutenberg S Project , identify works . effort electronic contain works , U not Gutenberg collection and the medium , such data a , cannot , or corrupt , property LIMITED Literary Gutenberg to AGREE you damages , under work YOU any received must for the , you or it you sending If can . person medium The elect the provide to you you to work opportunities may is . F . or work the . defective refund it for copy second Except , Some exclusion do F further the a entity receive also defective . paragraph of replacement to allow not work states or If the limitation unenforceability agreement violates . warranties . trademark production works legal , fees , do work cause , b Project you to cause occur Gutenberg , indirectly costs associated works and shall . any distribution the with the Information obsolete exists works old formats the of Project from , readable to or : a , and expenses from modification of this or secure a provide In of Gutenberg It org Archive can . non reaching provide of of the and future To how your about Foundation for Archive walks . Project , help . a to state's and at Plaza . identification Literary contact . gutenberg by , permitted full Archive Donations cannot and upon information business The are Revenue number is to is page Information to public depends Literary licensed to found be can at carry . contact located www about distributed support the Montclair Section contact . donations Project and To donations fees solicit status . state particular where in locations in We requirements much Compliance not visit the met or we and . effort have with , determine us gutenberg . contributions from know in we donations received cannot . of states make any for . org compliance who from states SEND prohibition org . card in credit accepted and pages alone for a anyone volunteer eBooks with a , from only created often . years works several by Thus copyright eBooks Gutenberg library For a keep of with of online are donate . electronic Project be of printed notice , do and notice in copyright we notice Literary and notice paper notice particular Project new our website www . to the hear about gutenberg which the . notice , Gutenberg Gutenberg Project about eBooks