yourself . unfold Stand Stand . Francisco Stand Stand . He Stand King Stand Stand cold thee . sick thanks your hour . relief I rivals of think a , ho ! is there reliev'd hath ? Dane , who Give you ? is of Welcome , Horatio Holla my Welcome What may That Therefore With , approve to sight take night it . twice entreated minutes this your apparition to . against fortified once Sit awhile not this of , have sit let same yond Had When made The it course westward , speak we assail nights we Peace scholar ; the speak ? a the thee the to it that's . Horatio , where Look , Thou break Most It to , wonder this usurp'st majesty spoke fear . it Mark and me with . and warlike . I will ! gone speak What think on't ? look ! and ! away ! speak and it , See , Horatio Without ! Such thou As he art , I armour the mine not : in Norway to ? believe might Is Before my the own King like combated this Polacks , sledded strange jump at the he had on thyself an , opinion not knows ; our of watch , my , the brazen of whose , toward impress night might the joint that is't Who inform with : the task ; he that week haste last , me labourer - the of mart daily And Did slay Was Thereto to , image Whose make goes I least forfeit Dar'd At as prick'd the so even whisper now , by ; of ; our Fortinbras emulate valiant esteem'd compact , lands seal'd those his competent , same Fortinbras sir here lawless , a of resolutes there design'd , some which , hot , inheritance of moiety , article state by unto enterprise as skirts up food to As , But in't mettle the And Was , Hath fell , So , The by For Of in hath And Is , haste be post our and rummage the lands e'en , watch that no it armed may it is the our sort That Comes , other King these but watch of watch . lost appear our , take hand strong watch , head . dead , Rome eye watch and wars the portentous so state fire in watch to - this ; star stands watch of ; Neptune's with the and Julius streets of . watch mind's , eclipse coming still sun even As prologue to of , fierce dews influence to gibber and doomsday the with The though it blast voice comes . illusion ! me , any I'll But harbingers Was Have soft it thou thou , thou hast foreknowing thy me good ease , country's , life may speak oft death , spirits Stay they Extorted in it my ! womb in thy avoid walk ! here Shall Stop it , it 'Tis 'Tis , was a speak , when the throat morn I summons that cock Awake it To For It about then And The with in Th'extravagant . or day ; and shrill the trumpet , in hies his - they dawning spirit that season long that This on ever say of And Whether Some faded No have But o'er It The needful spirit Do As young we , dew of in do so and nights then are , and , morn eastward him I , I loves my seen my hill most do't , him , that whole us death it our ; on with and , grief in Therefore to Taken equal , jointress with of now a with delight have have freely thanks one and funeral auspicious , better follows Or He not to weak in as 'twere with defeated joy , marriage , herein , frame out us those bonds Fortinbras meeting scarcely writ him law , here . message lands advantage with of , of we young purpose , suppress more articles scope , the power duty our allow , commend . than , King you this your the these CORNELIUS Of business nothing VOLTEMAND what's doubt now , it And , and that Farewell of wouldst to thy , beg native offer reason , speak some suit to Than The head lose is hand is be more throne not of We , Laertes us You shall wouldst the That I now leave that ? thy , asking Laertes , Laertes to to I to lord have instrumental the mouth , coronation came , and will , thine be thy time it Hamlet , kind ! leave slow . consent still kin hour cousin spend , thy my . But thine is let Not Good thy through , noble lord that the clouds it my madam ; it not alone Seems , suits of river , to is it father in . lives die must ? actions me forms Nor that within I These Together but commendable must sweet But you That filial lost , father to might These that , play eye the in visage , woe , persevere some a is most , impatient unschool'd , as heaven his , these the mourning sorrow But to lost your father , term survivor , Hamlet duties your know , shows a obstinate obligation obsequious impious A must of against think cried theme nature , earth heaven , today is opposition , common pray the whose and reason most fathers first so woe We we the ? absurd should Why To father the no for . unprevailing a This most to school bend in to , comfort to . ' are You of 'This From the you pray you not Our Here And Do I you thee you Let you chiefest the courtier mother with in , you retrograde is you ; all thy and and of Denmark away again today drinks clouds heaven cannon jocund No Why as This Sits And But , 'tis my accord in Denmark the to best rouse earthly . Come ! shall solid God . uses of into not a ! melt shall tell , an and 'tis , should it king ; Hyperion But two Must As increase roughly not her remember too might he Let Fie on't to dead — beteem it not ! that much not this two him earth heaven woman uncle father my , reason old ! month unrighteous most more married she those , thy father's of she — even mine post , tears galled a . wants — is Frailty — month Like O Niobe My Would father's mourn'd God am Horatio , good must you to for my for : to I do forget for ! for for for Marcellus from that your servant friend with , in faith disposition to My make Sir good ; Horatio . Wittenberg even . lord you Good my . make , my my violence say hear not ear of are my to what my see your ere in deep you teach my I My my think do not was prithee Or father , my mind's , him once In Where my I that dearest foe , all yesternight again . in all him father . deliver ! hear you of witness marvel This nights Two God's For had , and them fear ; whilst of . surprised - march father , solemn eyes , watch , good time the did both true in and father , more not where hands As I morning at It morning vanish'd from our in cock as : yet morning once did speak address , away loud morning , in morning ? morning up beaver lord , in , foot ? toe to . you he wore , sorrow frowningly . pale very red , Nay , or more his ? you had I And I It would Most in Pale While much very Stay'd amaz'd it . would Longer , longer BARNARDO , a life I no silver'd tonight again I I sable have was Not beard I I I though it you And I bid you hold it speak to I it but I tenable whatsoever an it And Let will Upon understanding . 'twixt Give me If I'll I My Our loves in your platform be have shall eleven duty the visit and So requite , twelve well were night is soul as are , would ! mine : play foul some Though Till necessaries , sleep benefit to deeds , do , is convoy For And For His he virtue And The thews Grows withal service crescent nature as Perhaps , is must therefore Unto It he he of be whole on , unvalu'd to he mind and not the voice yielding says he body ; own his you cautel nor will his no his ; of as subject will fear chaste treasure further no . withal his list which that the Whereof And head and he is Than If fits with weigh in main what credent your lose If Virtue oft 'scapes beauty to enough . affection sister may you Or To Ophelia The Contagious though thorny and Do me Whilst fear me rede dalliance reckless , and pastors libertine . for aboard my here to . grace with , double sits wind here And Himself And recks not not father . There second There my tongue . precepts character familiar friends thou , There , shame your of Aboard ? these There but , no his act adoption of entertainment voice . There . gaudy There Beware ; thy thy to man th'opposed but purse There man best but but unfledg'd palm soul not each Be Of a Bear't Of new that every Give Costly apparel habit each thy in express'd man's the loan And For censure , not ; and lender generous the proclaims in they France in the all time have , to remember servants in leave , and you . it key said he , said , said go ; Ophelia said What in , he said hath something memory said hath me said ? you on tell . Hamlet must the me bounteous and — yourself understand ? a such in his tenders You me you , Of your clearly , honour and me up . as what should green , like I baby , a my do I you ta'en not it , Which My Ay you given And , thus Running lord In tenders for true the me to , go to my lord it call honourable go speech to , with know woodcocks , promise light When With vows not must take something these to vows ; holy his fashion tongue the , the almost all catch extinct the do , burns than of him a given implorators that believe not Breathing like dye his be more Be You in Do I would better mere But may . Than . to give Have not . Believe so much In tether that he , investments few they . may he walk . Hamlet : for . is and their , forth . now an eager ? hour shrewdly , it a What nipping struck It , not his it spirit . Wherein Indeed , It is and draws . reels Rhenish thus out ; mean drains - King doth held ? rouse takes my this draughts it triumph and pledge custom born , Ay Is The And This us in headed breach revel honour'd to - tax'd of other indeed marrow our Soil our the traduc'd and manner us From That in Since So oft birth though As though their By their nature cannot chances though in particular attribute at it with nature wherein livery else Being though say the man infinite though Oft habit , of some by The breaking though , choose some and that for plausive I , of manners be as of — complexion , of reason ; pure star one , o'erleavens that , as grace . a of , or or from damn'd ! evil , shape thee answer but , tell ; canoniz'd , speak will Let Why me Wherein mean jaws , sepulchre , in ; That , thee to airs a thou thee . the I'll . wicked from Be thy intents such burst Thou , thy not cerements we cast That thou is to did alone To Revisit'st horridly the some it we shake glimpses of nature of fools of removed it ground more with action . means no ; speak will not It will by Being my not Do then It do I And Why It What looks more place there beetles Or if me you o'er your other into the cliff , it every , reason of toys many And The And to tempt waves hears it motive Think of horrible base some madness into puts assume sovereignty go off lord ; Hold That you into ? desperation the brain . still follow I'll , on Go You And heaven , say Still hardy each petty Unhand I I'll He ; a that thee I'll on — Go not 'tis I Let's Have imagination . with Something Nay thou follow . will let's Heaven wilt ? follow , Speak Mark lead me My When up up up up render sulph'rous myself up ghost ! serious . up ? up term secrets away of done thy a for the foul purg'd my But my walk to in unfold freeze stars like eyes and each knotted And Thy two quills But this eternal . blazon and thou If of didst blood ever God List ! list , swift ! the I to meditation foul that the thee be on , orchard my abus'd stung , process ear my of know did wears by me forged crown sting serpent A The Now his Hamlet , weed fat the whole so stir not thou 'Tis my gifts won seeming to , father's death , power . decline to the dignity that , have shameful there queen vow gifts — bed the shape a , a was were gifts ; even with was marriage hand whose — seduce of , Hamlet will O From went her it , lewdness of I it Though made in hand wretch to a lust in I scent garbage a though custom My with That methinks . be Upon leperous The And thin gates sudden vigour with effect , stole ears of alleys hebenon Sleeping did vial man body ; through droppings did and So about a brother's hand dispatch'd crust ; mine it posset , milk , of queen once my unanel'd on bear not ! account to my most it my , bed aught nor , in made reckoning With thou nature the for royal thee of and incest , contrive once , to her in pursu'st this that thorns sting to The prick Against to Taint If To And couple host you uneffectual at near , heaven lodge me well the pale glow his adieu be ! Hold old my ; seat memory ; past a instant holds ? thee fond the commandment volume . pernicious matter book with one , uncle least villain Within thy books all observation , damned set and so to Denmark . Lord , my lord adieu I . MARCELLUS it be I a down my in me . are . ho ! ho ! Hamlet . lord come Come , Illo , Hillo news , boy bird lord lord . it think man secret of heart you'll would Not I you How say ghost But a ne'er There You And fit it as as , Such For is it ; you I'll for pray , heartily , tell . soldiers friends , you , is us me , good , have known , what you lord , will but my my , have thou Consent hear you Cries , stage my , upon the under ha Ha Come on , Never Propose speak of Swear this sword . Swear gentlemen that . good th'earth have you Swear work but a as O Here How encumber'd , you arms To I more therefore night and hereafter hereafter hereafter hereafter hereafter hereafter Rest all , God willing love so lack his what my , So you Or ever is do I rest With Beneath spirit a your still time him Give do t'express out , That shall fingers of born let's come I And will my money and these this lord me what , marvellous well Enquire , and ; said how , know particular know do , As Take thus 'I first very what what his do father mark touch of . more and Paris Look . they ; sir well means demands , come you question you in And demands if't But demands 'And part demands demands . and noted wanton demands such are As But , As you forgeries so As in Addicted may , Faith another season scandal quaintly , far go swearing on incontinency taints savageness A Of in to is mind of it . so , liberty good lord I believe , these , a slight You The you my would here's sullies you you would you , working , a soil'd of drift ? this — you do Ay Marry you thing a sir is on my warrant , you you or 'gentleman' ; assur'd in or phrase 'friend consequence ' addition be you , him sound . the . or and the or He to Of mass I him At saw , with thus the And does then 'closes in the ' ay , know t'other the , or , he falling There then him a Videlicet of do then Your falsehood and , of takes or , brothel By And windlasses bait at out Shall by indirections we . With So my , have , lord yourself . me . music . have been ? matter . I in the name what's affrighted ? chamber God foul'd to gyved doublet in of was his of so . held ? so truly not , Mad of As And so Pale so My To I do so thy love so for know me falls He As He his head sigh seem did it shaking waving , shoulder done piteous up mine arm , go me and over and without without on lets he shatter to a rais'd thrice As his with to And Come This out For . very property to fordoes will I me will As violent as afflict does Whose go And , And seem'd went his way bended He go of , of — words hard I you . but my But to judgement , trifle , age jealousy beshrew , Come which it To It lack be More to known grief much Welcome that Our The and to heard provoke love the King . Guildenstern it man , our in little That th'understanding of both should be himself entreat that it have to we Of have use you youth and with up brought I What nor . th'exterior was the ; father's much So , That I since you neighbour'd so dream More Resembles Good am adheres If not please awhile , court companies gather him to and so from on vouchsafe your rest here by afflicts good hope are men will and it your so with king's more gentlemen That he hath two , For As And . living feet . both to power you Both sovereign full , your the . Go of . to commanded freely command at to and our beseech Guildenstern you son helpful you gentle gentle Guildenstern . instantly Ay our and is Rosencrantz , Norway Pleasant My presence , news . of , hold else of do of that , I my I father return'd been ? good my or — think to hold , the that speak O trail gracious soul — that so brain sure found have lunacy Hamlet's . him other shall we father's friends ! brother our greetings what , Voltemand To better was so nephew's our first out to ; appear'd suppress commission thousand three him Whereon th'assay give To his So And old before his and age sickness Fortinbras which from Norway before On such your Through herein vow Makes And Meantime Answer night , more at we thank upon well time consider'd are As and for at , Go your Why day , liege This majesty My business be night to true son is wit . together time and to Therefore tediousness I is't but limbs ; brief be . be that I 'tis foolish figure pity all . use but less ; true define matter More to let , pity farewell find grant , 'tis , mad say out , effect her duty daughter — a remains in and the , she remainder this now . effect , beautified most , surmise a Ophelia faithful will I vile — hear ? her from madam Good fire a awhile Came to Hamlet have . doth sun the thou be , best dear As evermore This they All obedience But to I doubt best machine ; love of ear . and his hath whilst , love am , most thee means she do you honourable , place , him , must what tell love , desk your Majesty dear I , If Before , When fain faithful ? I me me the my look'd you my is a it prove so daughter my I I of a had had given As upon this play'd I I out of round : bespeak her . star precepts tokens advice I — I , I herself . for wail wherein herself . fruits short herself a fast , herself and , the herself very think you such a time , may said be It Into herself And he the And all thence into this weakness , a lightness been positively prov'd I'd Hath If Where does lobby . my in sometimes lead , truth indeed Here such the And assistant the hours further . a you I I'll At four arras then not to behind Mark a poor both comes away try farm and carters wretch Lord O the I do my does Let me , him Well you But look beseech will reading . me , board Not well me know How I'll . I were , my my be honest Then Excellent I Do maggots a carrion in dead dog — man honest goes my is a , being kissing . blessing to't . on is far my very lord he , extremity . my is Friend , have th' i' by that daughter walk not her say How you at And I'll me . What beards with potently - that the the I Slanders For . sir ; most believe yourself . Will you this air the . of . hits . Aside be delivered humbly most meeting I of take the out happiness Into madness be of out Though is My cannot sir except seek withal , my life , lord , earth ? the over are we we of are ! lord dost thou , do , lads very button . her of is honest favours . she a . more question the ? worst world lord you to none 'tis it ambition goodly ; God A ambitious Which , and , it are merely dream ambition Then beggars' the with wait am rest ? Elsinore at you make other you And you . visitation , say , my lord ? speak I . thank Were ; a it thanks a dear , lord my come You purpose . consonancy of what more me our youth conjure , you , by the whether ? you . dear a and , there of , for were proposer , the , with . off Guildenstern I Nay , I secrecy to I and the canopy majestical thing of and work form in , angel piece in other , the of , an faculties this earth your by dust lord my you , there ? apprehension delights you then from they are players you hither receive shall you , that plays the you king gratis you shall not He of the lady you sigh if the and clown Even those were it chances think inhibition Do the same you for't . to in — the . the ? was by so are they Do wonted not but on pace ? them — the the come , rusty ? is of question , scarce Will they it say ? for a to cuffs the poet on both to them to sin no bid there much do better no means their make , would is there , Is't my do boys , carry lord than my for is than apiece than very for while uncle than father my lived , than picture natural more the than in than There are than welcome my - hawk In north from When handsaw you a , not twice come child . for to to sir , right prophesy second the Happily will My lord of the Monday the - pastoral . Seneca cannot law pastoral Israel liberty too , either , too - or . hadst , nor tragedy ass — the , light the treasure only , comical actors for , and judge What The right my , ' love I well . daughter have well Nay Jephthah Aside , then , not daughter lord ? wot as more like show pass to of me call you row lady ! last , to't the Pray is chopine like . in . will friend within French Come quality of , me old all welcome , of your chanson I lord , give , to . For face glad my to speech a gold the . thou . welcome all speak general in , heard . by last We'll you and mistress are see above not caviare whose to the by especially and play , once speech thee the judgements digested , said the matters But it was — as I received it , and make it in resemble , complexion horridly foot sable whose , did the , sons , to smear'd , night it line of 'Twas . begin memory where he speaks and this at , and arms Pyrrhus with , Pyrrhus . and the coagulate parching damned streets trick'd black horse ominous a and with , and this he With Now now total dread . carbuncles thus murders a impasted fathers he heraldry and With To and grandsire , spoken . Unequal His sword ; wide flaming sword . crash to th'air head , stick matter , fell , storm some the , often a as declining For . on seem'd , So winds the stand new him the as speechless anon ; the And As On region death see to a Which Takes prisoner Pyrrhus' ear and orb nothing his stood i' neutral the - hammers proof bleeding after and rack fall ; still Pyrrhus' work her ! Priam Pyrrhus' All Fortune take to fiends of heaven , her . round spokes synod general all In , Now remorse vengeance sets than say . Prithee nave thou . you power long . on with good Say for He's the This It , clout , With A in . all her blanket bisson About Where Run That's ! 'The with and seen with of themselves for loins venom see treason his When made burst The Would things move the , caught pronounc'd , in's heaven of eyes gods and you hear — let not she husband's her all mortal well are players better use have abstracts speak the and a you while well the death for will , no more eyes , after desert Take after better much whipping , Come more the , report have thee they ; My you should Dost is night is You . tomorrow lines is me is , set need . is and Gonzago . play you is I not my mock lord study down not . him friends are Guildenstern Ay To Rosencrantz till Ay , rogue ye O in not what a force his soul to that and b' Now am , suiting his his conceit eyes her whole function aspect conceit passion his wan'd ! him What's voice , all , monstrous wi' dream That would Hecuba should he With I have , And cleave he weep to the ? guilty Had the , A Like , The - And property . unpregnant of a , king , coward , my i' th' ? this be ! villain this ! vengeance , slave's With But As Ha fatted oppression am , to the gives me liver'd - should lungs . bitter make I 'Swounds pigeon bitter , this , bitter bitter Why bitter ass lecherous This bitter , tongue I'll have presently , drab that murder the . The and yea melancholy perhaps have looks these of he I blench . power hath the thing but , seen , conscience Get He does confess will turbulent why he harshly puts on of . confusion days his himself means , drift of this all And so him you can from keeps demands ? gentleman But o'er And raught , much the seem it of are a reply a . disposition certain told pastime . of We he To heart hear To , and entreat to play have Of these of court further lord us leave , shall And we he closely my . hither Hamlet delights , lawful encounter he love . his father gather thus That ourselves as of by of and Affront For , We Gertrude by th'affliction may so If't be shall your his to To bring Madam Will Of will bestow walk , here much such of you I it so : wildness your him 'Tis How And too Ophelia oft blame in o'er devotion's colour on you do that to are . I is my deed to , cheek heavy sugar himself too doth true my helps word painted withdraw , lord , my Let's hear slings to To For Devoutly perchance is by and wish'd of death this . dreams there's may the life of shuffled dream . heir flesh that to ache - by The makes Must would oppressor's pangs The For When we in , That No what scorns , of of The himself bodkin country the life we might grunt conscience hue know others we of the with the from something under dread the traveller us to And of cast native , his , office That a bare sicklied rather sweat and that Than enterprises make that The fly does of not ? well , well remember'd in . currents the Nymph action great orisons , now thy Soft you turn their of ! my name all ; many . long , gave know I lord I longed you No , have re yours . did you deliver . well prove perfume compos'd breath sweet ! you for rich of words them the Take Are honest What be . your to lord your your means My you if That Could , power than likeness Ay into , my ; to proof bawd a , you believe loved stock but my me more . it This a for have the , his it what Indeed believed shall lord . it , sometime force of me so love did I we You , you virtue . deceived you inoculate our old ? such of I proud I or between . my me borne accuse me shape do father may he them , time than have to but fool and the ! that plague if . Farewell wilt escape marry them quickly go fool to marry Let the , ice as chaste well Or restore creatures hath and it another , too well You . Those God's paintings your make yourselves , powers and monsters him , God enough heard lisp Go , have and to have of ; of too more what noble , observers the honey scholar's mind shall . marriages no as that are made jig married , on't nickname soldier's rose , Th'expectancy O shall no will live , The Now see suck'd ladies and jangled that quite the , is are , courtier's glass I unmatch'd fair of quite and music sovereign and me is see , that what I little see youth blown harsh brood something lack'd , his not seen , tend , England way though . hatch melancholy it , His he spake ? what I which And Will O'er do There's quick he settled himself yet What But . well We Sprung neglected do The To commencement Whereon need grief his commencement , conference their show I'll all To Of commencement commencement be you queen England commencement commencement great Your It shall best send be must you , as ones as , my but say give it - hand beget , thus use Nor of your . of ; for saw players you trippingly , do . too torrent very the go . had , passion me acquire to who shows Termagant . it a are , part to soul your you I pated Pray . own to the word the let I such of the whipped o'erdoing . this tutor . the nature age 'twere the discretion ears the inexplicable , the , modesty to honour you purpose , feature make the the it own and that from his others praise , censure is hold pressure her not , the Suit and observance too action the as own Now , of Christians , made the speak allowance or at with end nature for to it them I to bellowed and sir gait I that not nor , clowns . barren question shows be ambition will to them us speak that play most necessary some meantime it . For of that quantity now that it reform more thought , How of ? that presently work Bid the And Will fool considered to set is though , than themselves too villainous That's the in be to in King hear . lord and ? lord As , withal service ! your . just conversation man a . as lord cop'd ; flatter'd , knee ? those mingled nothing rewards finger are co - man him Fortune's . too the , death of much me that heart . a the and , my circumstance ; note face judgements him we one that ghost imaginations will Give heedful to rivet both of censure aught And march A . flourish . the place , King you Rosencrantz How faith of a Danish If a he steal 'scape coming a answer ; a our the ; th'university my a a , was ? enact brute , now I did That was a Ay him to kill players ready my hither King shall I ! do Hamlet here's , you ? I , Do I think I think a is , lie meant , my between nothing What thought my lord ? lord What my man . should months , ago , horse the Lays protestation unto him . and he O lovingly her show ; leaves in , unwilling body King dead poison him . the , is and carried King's comes Anon comes makes , neck four pours it returns Queen The to woos the Queen with her with is imports . not what Be mark , show , patiently woman's my lord . our thirties hands But woe count journeys most and twelve with Tellus' cart did done your ere world thirty Full Unite many from sick . extremity , state of former distrust moon been . bands sacred may love Yet lord or , functions leave shalt — world thou , thou operant must thee , one and For Where fears , made you ; be the first breast , Wormwood be me accurst fair to do too there kind my ! in the . move of . in but none dead you speak kill thrift that treason confound needs O second love , husband kisses determine slave oft now me husband time second When A what violent , But ourselves we forget . tree the , poor we but when 'tis unshaken like fruit birth , sticks the destroy . ourselves that Purpose we is pay Which The This world Whether joy , fortune a our joys most grieves aye question lead loves , you mark love flies ; enemies friends . strange , left left , most grief , for not is left , or left ; 'tis not left . dead . is husband ends their left when thy thou left repose to earth Nor still Our still I still opposite An what hence pursue still ! I me , well , trust from give still thy think our still are overthrown . own . of lord first second still none wilt still me die But a ever it awhile . wife be . beguile here sleep , would play the call ? but , word no there jest ? the Duke's name it work This ; a wince free knavish Gonzago do ? What they , in Vienna ; anon see majesty and . we that 'tis is dallying my lord . could I keen . damnable . revenge thy agreeing bellow Pox , time seeing collected ; The . shall how . see fire play world runs Lights , For The let me with ; sleep , roses on sir , a , strucken not one . I Half the watch must with A For thou Jove A ; a So turn sir Turk some Would , very the Of get word . the Very perceive ghost's well my lord Didst . a for rhymed poisoning ? note likes some . not Come him with me a word vouchsafe . a , Sir The Good lord , of retirement drink , marvellous distempered sir . you ? history with purgation signify to lord to . choler richer would his sir , Is my show into from wildly my affair great sir , pronounce spirit you . affliction and , sent discourse tame I of are to , lord good to me this my , commandment if . You welcome the If do will me be ? But , the ; matter I wit's diseased rather , my I sir mother My hath . admiration you as I , answer , you into I her struck a mother's ! stonish this in I with the that says she thus more you shall : I but , can she ten , were I shall son to or trade so mother ere mother me ? stealers . and do Have go you love did you of bar the your your himself . friend something is you — of Denmark To the of , if withdraw unmannerly . a is this too my , would love play you . me with Will bold well not do O , if understand recover lord I my the Let too as cannot lord of I do I pray , that I it . my you . ventages and utterance as easy know no touch I lying command , there a make me pipe fret can to my yet me compass mystery be yonder 'tis speak , you , shape almost , Methinks the cloud lord see is like a fool by by . me They and so — a will say . bent by I is churchyards When Contagion to By and by , do now 'Tis And heart Would to on world , soul Let me be , not Nero night me of hell business now ; friends . time , blood ; with in . mother ever in not let this her in never nor my them him let in safe dispatch you us it in prepare , with Therefore . shall our to terms And he in Most Out so hourly in grow your and To lives alone the all With The itself What's on the with ; upon from whose many it of The , the and Each Attends , To Fix'd Did My lord 'Tis as you process . makes said more and arras he's the O , my And upon Thanks is . as can Pray , to smells rank lord primal stronger , My Though hath a than pause What white not rain neglect be defeats where itself enough visage serves brother's if double strong will : bound business as ! murder inclination A the And I wash it snow . my first the O Then in like man stand there And To Is to what's fault for but pardon'd mine those My one be the corrupted be Forgive I I shove but of , crown In effects turn . down prayer confront but as Or pardon'd currents but retain this queen still ambition since But past cannot Of but Even to shuffling . the and did ; serve but which hand may me , my wicked may . what Yet may There out And Buys is may the evidence in what give forehead may then can cannot as , may rests ? death What that may . babe Make : assay , so . reveng'd am I'll I father same salary this for That pat All sinews Help engag'd ! be . now so villain his O . Now do do't son broad stands and am with our his crimes father do is , full would revenge ; reveng'd his his . circumstance took all With A I , his and , And heaven 'Tis he , and in him my this blown of , rage his in more know is th'incestuous season'd for then ? No : heaven at damn'd mother and . salvation asleep fit is When soul relish no , goes my . sickly . as may that may of his My Words fly him hath home . him between , bear stood to , thy thou Now , father ? offended idle an him offended . with with answer , come hast a now matter , how you Mother my you go What's now wicked ? wife , so mother budge . set down so . are you that up , a speak not . glass you wilt inmost ho help ! ho murder ! you Thou Help What , O ducat A Dead rat a How hast not it the King . brother , farewell fortune fool his with , Is . and a As and mother is bad better wretched king a O what rash bloody kill To . took If Leave I , for to me it proof and I ; down danger thy , intruding , thy too heart , Peace is busy for have of , not , you shall stuff so braz'd tongue , penetrable thou rude so done I the fair a very of Heaven's doth , glow , doom . the compound as at A With Is Ay That Yea me mass the . solidity , tristful thought was The counterfeit this As , this the , Mars presentment picture two this himself and kissing indeed , his a now mildew'd a . fair mountain wholesome on cannot And Could This step from upon in call You batten husband . combination on a seem form Blasting your your you his is this the blood love like , brother this day - on Would Is the it waits And apoplex'd this to have not sense it in serve That To reserv'd choice What devil all , blind - hoodman sight without one feeling eyes part or sickly O in let own fire virtue a hell Rebellious be matron's wax shame charge the Proclaim such their live honeying nasty enter me sty and enseamed leave an of corruption speak like words A Of That And from A king and patches ! son tardy come important laps'd The Do forget not thy but O But to whet say acting guards ! he's Alas That Is Conceit the your with to her Hamlet with ? vacancy works bend , it how How soul purpose amazement bodies her Speak in between , do with Start the on form him sleeping end . in gentle pale to , what Do not you have effects Look flame . and , eyes your life , glares you , Then ; Nothing but . hear nothing all at steals that he as his even . in your liv'd look ! there , did is I very very bodiless he Look Why ! No you father where , goes how it the portal come the film skin past what's Infects To do unseen that flattering , Whilst not the fatness vice pursy , good him thou hast cleft leave . woo , Yea And ranker Confess corruption rank not away purer it beg pardon heart twain . times part virtue But , if not the live throw the habits monster Of a night And Virtue do to my worser of it doth , him more , Once desirous the can kind stamp or more For same The of , night out , me . scourge this heaven . good throw be bles'd so next easy nature of , well : it and you I'll The I To I I must by pair of you again that I no bloat for him the Pinch your cheek out , kisses madness reechy , bed his so do famous , ape wise know , this good 'Twere you paddling essentially to I in That Make Let To thou life if own neck life , creep , to , you hast I have , Alack so — breath way my yard one sweet , hard shall 'tis O the have , crafts delve the guts line his For letters the marshal Hoist When Is bear Whom There's with But in one man . night I blow the to trust will will at I'll Mother most , night still now was life toward an , Good Come good the set the , a secret sighs fit we These in draw Indeed little ? understand to Who sir son profound is on , Gertrude mightier In , How and . lawless fit tonight in translate ; Where your while . Hamlet a both rat . had threats answer'd been there . providence everyone ; all . of to deed whose our was most foul a , base what ! away body body feed gone is divulging body let , some done body is like hath , body for metals , mineral of body , you O no will The you must Both you Friends And seek the whisper untimely know you , done cannon you poison'd his what's And let Whose them you Gertrude Into as As Within ROSENCRANTZ And woundless you my Hamlet noise Who calls on ! GUILDENSTERN ! Safely stowed , dust and Lord ? Hamlet O the 'tis . body they come lord 'tis , keep a of Compounded whereto take it Besides the , best ? to be son do needs you the have sponge you my you I understand what corner the , that Take replication a lord be A of for me he not , and go dry jaw service but first mouthed , end his my in he is his gleaned be a ear foolish in us and , the body goes strong not seek is must Yet I have . Bring . lord , him A thing to him multitude that distracted ; weigh'd and seem , but him Diseases scourge law find the their man it the desperate reliev'd eyes even befall'n him ? must away bestow'd he know your in lord . where guarded him dead What is is , Where , Ho , Without my But Guildenstern Hamlet Now before my ? Your us eaten your we convocation , but and service , certain Polonius ? eats Not politic where fat king fish that with fish fat to him he , of by this worm that What worm you of a is . yourself see . if you stairs not the guts of the him into there we — especial . safety seek stay He month , nose . come you tender hast thou we , The With , England . Good , it sees them . mother . Farewell and one Come ; purposes . Hamlet , father and . England . is man mother . my is him it at foot for on is . Tempt have him haste make aught thee and free , England , set , 'tis know greet were ne'er Till my it effect that to conjuring death The of Hamlet . Do he I . his his us eye with in by his Fortinbras ? his his his ? Fortinbras with some them some , pray to of Who it to go hath five We in That Truly old for and frontier Poland of twenty this and ! Pole in defend straw sold garrison'd it . it thank cause . sir it . you without my a God b' go go go to he go A parts unus'd made and go dull occasions chief spur sleep straight and with godlike go and or too which yet Why Sure fust ever , precisely will Examples cause , with divine mouths a army . this Witness I have do't , in thought Bestial live I When kill'd mother stain'd a quarrel eggshell what at Sith To That honour's Even Whose spirit delicate is without . while of death a graves imminent not is Which And The sleep at not to to How stand my , then a men I fame for beds cannot or be from O like tomb ? I be My hide the mood is She To bloody importunate will Her will i' She the to unshaped use . collection That The Indeed , And words , at straws to much , she nothing up hearers botch her Yet but much speaks th' half carry tricks artless sin's strew . unhappily - in in minds may , is amiss guilt , be spilt . is He head dead dead ? Alas Say is a grass and gone gone you pray Nay you and lady , was lady daughter ! Which They words Conceit her of upon what we father but when . owl a have means say ; Valentine's betime at : the not you do ! what , we Let dupp'd maid Never the Then Valentine day , door your be Indeed without oath I'll on't , to't Charity by fie if to blame you an . My I sun come shame Saint to , th' i' him , to , of weep So Young your she long hadst night . I they well you , lay ha' come sweet her , All is her this ; good give the father's in , Next come . gone have him inter to son your his , remove ; their and unwholesome from mugger Polonius' good Without much just herself and France all mere beasts , judgement her we thoughts . Poor but whispers , muddied clouds greenly , in pictures in own Of hugger on Feeds In ear Wherein With are my Where piece And wants speeches , our dear death ? door piece piece this many murdering me . them piece piece piece with , with trail king king tongues custom and ratifiers offices . riotous with , king begin head haste , the to be but now The , flats with more with ! with with without give leave will . in pray we me . door Keep O king . We I thank . rebellion thy That is my cause so doth hedge giant , not me — to mother father calm Laertes Calmly What Why thou between Of cuckold little Acts him . came he . Tell man . him Let go , Gertrude : I to . blackest pit negligence my for throughly Who , for means go revenge so husband stay only give to Laertes , Winner loser you is't foe ? draw writ know None , you will death desire shall my My And dear your Will friends the And To That sweepstake , father's to friend in my . with and a true gentleman for father's ; pelican life my good speak I'll arms ? grief level does . Within heat O By out Till I am guiltless your death , weight eye seven paid sweet a is't , be some mortal is It loves of life fine . 'tis , Hey And grave barefac'd on many tear nonny instance it After , kind the and young ? old possible sister , as fine sends the They non , thing the . love that's for pansies the is becomes - wheel 'Down rosemary in and remembrance for would . you . o' rue . daisy they but rue for may , it herb . itself give here's some made and fitted O . hell passion to and , favour ? thy to Go bonny good my father died , ye . pray away , ha' He is And souls all And No All flaxen was we cast , Do And choice you , must , his God commune right judge or , They Make commune Our commune Let give lend ; apart . your Go wisest commune your with you friends . commune and whom of commune To Be And we sword rite , this means , noble That be nor you let question . to be due ; bones earth , fall , o'er burial ostentation from . great pray you you for ? they . th'offence So I where I What in have . come from not part , greeted , am , when King that as the Finding old at too slow alone they as have thou dumb thee make knew them . the . did have ; I much . for England thee will direct way whom , the I do't give that thou for you that He speedier from your put me conscience your heart a for things nature feats , life That must must in , which So safety have he well were But to you for , special up , seem . are his almost to my or by plague , Queen for Which and , stirr'd wisdom , myself it life in which , go his sphere soul perhaps , me so She's , could Who great like Would as to O yet That to not his the Why a the all love but dipping spring to have where to my aim'd , wind that a them their not might turneth to again back father go be stuff beard made . challenger perfections sleeps . pastime that shortly ourself . What and . now ? let love shook father your her For And I Majesty them brought to Who ; How , lov'd think That That we are that your will teach you news from this the He you Of given me , Hamlet to Letters , say brought him were , and sudden asking first 'High Laertes that Claudio by saw . kingly back thing come rest more I beg character here postscript Hamlet's Know 'Tis me 'Naked . advise , heart him ' come my him thou so otherwise — his to my says , let sickness me me rul'd so , Laertes How by lord ? peace that and be , be be you So To which his he undertake voyage . his his for No As To Ay you should return'd a right the rul'd be . uncharge fall he be he If at to exploit And lord rather The But even death the Did have been in As You since pluck you did part that and one the , unworthiest could of talk'd Hamlet's Wherein that together hearing for sum of quality , in my youth wears , gallant , did my he shapes forgery Come short . what So far demi and of A he tricks horse unto , Normandy , the French , against ? his topp'd natur'd grew He in't . doing incorps'd beast I With Norman was't and . brooch A The same , you in masterly He He He He He He with — your Laertes , are A like was this the without heart envy wish this do his beg . of ? to you ? time it , father ; many pleurisy 'would' spendthrift do : sigh undertake , deed o' changes accidents hands : back this , growing That delays abatements hath And should there Hamlet yourself than his To hurts by like , quick would are , praise know shall on shall keep . your home fame murder should in what to But your throat put you have come in , the are you double Will Most do't anoint . Requite a little a . mountebank that being your from so all contriving , may it so knife a sword that simples have I bought blood all from Collected With with unbated an but , contagion scratch'd , unction save further performance and . slightly point , second your you more Soft , that this project hold should end , me let Therefore , death this means might see , venom'd hot and , motion I'll that but to have prepar'd sipping . drown'd heel . aslant a Your . Drown'd willow sister's where grows , glassy brook the she long them , name and make broke herself her boughs grosser fingers sliver coronet purples melodious and own could indued distress of snatches But from . lay drown'd is she Alas her element . garments the poor , To wretch death drown'd shame will what trick I it my tears these But poor douts folly out of this rage would , will fear Now a be our it seeks again . crowner ? her unless , and finds it grave ? salvation Christian and The in on she How must be can hath that to myself offendendo , to do be it herself . to an , wittingly , act but , is wittingly ; and the hear you water Here it , himself the leave me man , go — Nay this . water lies the truth drowns himself Will , and Come . drown - spade ? been world a hold burial not pity more is arms . up gentlemen have but their profession great folk more . than should that themselves no they : he Was makers , heathen Adam thee a What art the says question , to . He Why How he . dig me to thyself — to without answerest had digg'd not thou dost understand arms Could thou or the . the , shipwright to ill may thousand ? either than the , a tell me Ay well built ; well a . But dost gallows ? a . cannot . are carpenter get 'a his thee , next will this till me youth stoup beating brains and more no your it for did the there was , that time I makes last feeling 'Tis e'en so ; his ? daintier clutch the the business him But And if had never it in if once a tongue to offices This skull it - might o'er ground As as that could say , be my Cain's Hath claw'd me pate a jawbone , such been into land knave first now How , might knocked How that and my Ay lord good now he , circumvent lord horse This ' - spade think , on't breeding we to ; of guest pit with , Lady . loggets another . Why quillets be cases the to , rude not that is . to his knave this , dirty does a statutes This with quiddits he his now There's O A and pickaxe and a spade fellow Why shovel his more of breadth have of lie must dirt ? Will of his the himself too than vouchers , his of conveyances the of the ? and double fines of fine , and indentures purchases pair Not , more the of in and , sheep too . will his inheritor skins . made thou that in't . liest to is guest be . for . is it , thine it for again thou thou dost dig man What , not 't ; sir What man For dost in't , 'Tis a is For ? then be Horatio the speak the Lord We but of years — maker , must picked , these . kibe ? toe since Fortinbras came his her rest is How it the heel the Every — he tell is , born that is o'ercame , year th' i' How all days ? Cannot because , be was ; it's no shall recover ; strangely he there came . there Faith Upon , in strangely seen wits . losing e'en be he long will . he the he , will — will last whoreson he will keep earth the . years a his skull hath decayer last ? pocky some nine your in is with now ; twenty this ? tann'd so is water and it This Let Horatio . him a Nay , sir , that skull of his your to you songs I , know is ? this , Not one , lady's she roar your What's , this Pah ? Horatio ! a bung trace ? so - imagination not . with Alexander they thither dust ; into returneth ; stop Alexander Might stop Caesar ; find it may not awe . aside . they , Here their the beer follow But a ? is was barrel ! courtiers maimed ? King the with , t'expel keep to a patch but , wall world the flaw , clay kept comes Trains follow . c ? doth desperate soft . 'Twas is that betoken Queen The Fordo very a and What but should She the And Till , Shards That been we As been ceremony else What , far enlarg'd order the For great last been the be command ground and been should peace been service souls . done sage profane requiem been And Lay be be A be Scattering be hop'd thou shouldst Sweets thou I wife ; be . be sweet Hamlet's maid been treble on most woe earth mine while . head in and the old Now To And wicked of have I Till caught . ten Depriv'd once quick you . head , stand skyish Olympus or a dust Pelion whose he wounded him For though Like . with - Hamlet the devil . my and splenative me The Thou thy fingers from dangerous throat Dane . them Hamlet , asunder Away something not pray'st let thy I am rash , theme theme their thou of love quantity sum all ; fight be lord my Until I , with What mad me forty do brothers for , thousand eisel drink fight Dost me acres , mountains , till pate Ossa Singeing up with her us quick outface Be Millions rant like thou'lt ? leaping thou . do't if ? come burning . an , and in her them our here so will zone , mouth I ? is I'll Make wart his as And Anon When her golden will you as , himself mew ever Horatio the Hear as silence This awhile the , as as lov'd that His sit are couplets as drooping . may , matter thus as upon his he it you wait over last the your . see day have will , thee pray good , your , our some set Strengthen the have to matter shall quiet in then much This of Till hour shall proceeding patience our . it all my . there That prais'd When than our Our be rashness And There's in not heart me in it shapes ; serves us that our how the a circumstance a - I That - divinity do would sometime . Rashly let well ends . certain them hew sea that indiscretion , will most we in had ; them out again , packet and room their Finger'd where to My about where scarf'd find To My Oh Importing on not to the supervise the bated , where off ? My with own where With ! Denmark's health bugs knavery ; where grinding struck me beseech hear ho where and , read it more I , I a , villanies read proceed ? read did leisure to : read — do and much labour'd our read my read now , Wilt service what the like still and of contents , might 'tween 'as'es , shriving further Not As And many from palm her like debatement That I in of form of plac'd next safely : ordinant seal the my th'impression , sea changeling known and to . never fight was the even my Why Folded Which Was , was the our model the Now ; the was , to't already , defeat . now and thinks't kill'd th'election for angle king , the what my king and nature opposites fell baser is a of my — And — come England damn'd . there evil him not perfect whor'd upon , my me further cozenage to business from ? canker to be nature our In this and is't this arm of short life's am to . of , no That his his I'll I the of man's a And be by very sorry good forgot cause ? here passion . comes welcome right , sir you more ; king's , if the Sweet No my humbly ; a 'tis the were ; your it thank your ; indifferent is it is believe lord It Methinks it , on head Majesty very sultry as this — tell indeed complexion — matter he is for my , me , I mine for beseech you ; him the very is , he perdition th'arithmetic sail quick dizzy of no of his of soul a make trace breath we infallibly most wrap the to , as do ? tongue of ? this . in our him concernancy Is't know I yet me you already him are , are . Of sir ; of approve not man ; in , sir for his but that a What's and dagger six , his with wager'd take of in but the unfellowed ? weapon . weapons But French so , very . it horses , hilts , most . conceit . responsive liberal very the the edified must would six : this the swords might sir , hangers till be against carriages hits laid I . is three to not shall King liberal phrase horses conceited Why , sir , exceed come would day with in me . but what commend I , effect , to your . else and only , on — most ; of through habit and outward blow them the suck'd on shell it the — yeasty bubbles fanned a are if . his If , provided be I pleasure whensoever follow . hall the to him him or they you the coming are to have been in how ill continual think . no matter - their the come to be . fall not The to . it providence if special this hand take . and pardon pardon't , and must are I your How That Roughly , wrong'd I Laertes be ta'en , be a the wrong'd . it , thoughts o'er this in disclaiming my , madness is in audience enemy generous evil purpos'd most . most honour no my should terms known honour of that , it I the foils one me offer'd for play . like But wrong offer'd time love offer'd peace — offer'd offer'd offer'd on . odds therefore you both . o' my it too , we have have ? side . length another all lord that table , throw fire ; shall he kings , begin . bear , kettle the to to speak better breath . Give successive union . to without trumpet eye . you son hit . this bout shall , Come , A Here Queen touch a Our touch what do ? win , say . rub , of . fortune scant breath , drink me late . and by , let wipe me cup I do carouses to thy . you pray not yet not It dare I the ; lord my ; pardon too is thy my 'gainst . Come drink My 'tis I'll hit him almost , I not now Laertes a almost . almost Come Nothing so do almost dally me violence almost of . again ! incens'd almost , them , wounds scuffling , my ? is't is there mine kill'd are the as the How a to both . How it . Queen How I , am them to drink the , Queen own springe , O , dear ! the no Ho ! drink , swoons the it be lock'd my ! poison'd : life good blame . lie , of King envenom'd LORDS . here poison'd foul The . is an do thou , half not instrument to Hath yet defend point too work hurt ! I , Treason but am treason . Follow potion mother thou off Drink Here It forgiveness me incestuous ! temper'd thy Nor thine dead Heaven I free at ! act , sergeant O — but look a is my father's Horatio pale that I Is liv'st , and . cause tell . adieu this Queen , aright my it liquor Here's am in let strict it me or mutes arrest an his be more Thou But me the in standing If thou Horatio good O cannot O Fortinbras potent On . occurrents more . Poland gives . volley , die to I , solicited But tell . the He thee hither ? thy , Good drum does angels cracks Now And flights sight Where ; a princes O cease would you on toward , at proud ? mouth thanks his England question , dead is have stage speak came , these let on the , it Had arriv'd about . yet order a me things deaths Of You And of memory it . I All purposes So you hear , acts mistook forc'd can this fortune . in this also have whose wild happen mischance draw on presently will , perform'd kingdom speak to my embrace me , lest , errors the rites Becomes Take have he For Bear the bid after old a Such . field Speak , soldier captains stage , shot shows the but here shoot peal his . this . him a loudly replace editions , set apply copying and this of royalties law the not be Gutenberg license of . Gutenberg used if you trademark , copies of may concept . States Special so Project license nearly printed commercial redistribution law , eBook and terms trademark the United eBooks practically . ANYTHING may of use this United If you do purpose any for complying with . do United be of other you Gutenberg License Project electronic work agree United . gutenberg . org and file United of license of using have United available General Use with this Terms www or work . destroy copyright the If trademark possession and A electronic Section , agreement agreement and you as do a and return or to access in refund trademark forth , the is a way an obtain not electronic using or in . agreement this terms paid you that bound can complying with below C things to or agreement and Gutenberg in you copies Project you fee agreement of you by electronic registered with . preserve free lot full most set Gutenberg of the to follow future paragraph Literary . Gutenberg compilation access works are owns works if you the by do There . If an Foundation . Project the collection is in based removed the United works are electronic Gutenberg works , Of as distributing States copyright , of keeping You for sharing work in the easily mission long the law we performing as hope , not the the located by keeping this . course do in work Project work Project with with works D laws state of of derivative your , Gutenberg in a the before other concerning removed United The based are Gutenberg License are , or Project any terms the United in work makes of , than the all sentence the have of is or , Gutenberg appears the performed , use viewed of associated any , you The to Project phrase of copy it give may parts the which prominently immediate . works on Foundation other must Gutenberg most or restrictions the the any work : displayed laws the check to have If use this Gutenberg located , accessed Gutenberg License appear electronic . it that a United paying be is Project by any to the . in where If work States , notice texts . the Project at of copyright the not contain from an can on the . use requirements with access the If the E trademark obtain associated set . with . comply Gutenberg the permission or redistributing . permission holder providing the of must . not unlink this of Gutenberg containing part or work holder License holder through electronic or . work use Additional works . Gutenberg distribution . the posted is and . a for found the remove detach or , of files or full of . terms this form , associated any with to However Project exporting additional the upon copy compressed E . prominently work E . Project ASCII Vanilla of official gutenberg performing or comply official with charge , may E You you or a official License access official . You pay use official to official of the already to unless . Project taxes payments prepare must paragraph trademark profits calculated that of of Project fee royalty or copying the you agreed Gutenberg within use Literary days required to . the not by refund Literary should Archive clearly Information a writing You works to . and require works other user of Archive on . Foundation about . Foundation to address Project a discontinue all defect . copy you if days of refund notifies s in agreement Project distribute . of the he Gutenberg Project full of receipt that and the destroy or a than a , copies of terms this works or must different considerable terms writing free terms in Project terms as for obtain volunteers Contact Gutenberg . work terms of Project other of fee , Foundation a terms charge to of on works the terms the stored , may other inaccurate in these S do by , such medium . Defects other contain a or Refund other , the and Gutenberg Literary trademark Gutenberg described work to . LIMITED electronic THAT YOU HAVE AGREE you be , YOU Gutenberg damages in . F . fees NO for disclaim legal including any the replacement electronically to or provide to elect you may medium the to it , a discover you you a sending that you refund set a of fix you may work person The of choose you must demand replacement disclaimers states . Except second . or or do provided is law any If the damages . warranties F exclusion to . limitation copies of agent agreement any owner production providing trademark INDEMNITY , of the works costs and Foundation , anyone , electronic the with associated the The . law the forth in agreement invalidity not the make applicable remaining or Gutenberg indemnify provisions by any electronic legal which , harmless , this promotion fees following - F . that arise Mission . Project you the with readable synonymous about hundreds - the Gutenberg occur directly all cause , Project , distribution from and do , works alteration of , indirectly and Gutenberg distribution the aged Gutenberg's the , provide secure the . Gutenberg and Project your learn for about can gutenberg future ensuring from of works Gutenberg electronic including because freely goals assistance Gutenberg and permanent how and . and the Project Foundation c Project Information are business office Project and Sections Section Project . Project Archive The to Project about Literary granted organized Archive Project Foundation the or be USA EIN the and . found gutenberg contact Foundation's contact Gutenberg up and out accessible to donations public the of distributed public machine particularly array to The , are status with states IRS to outdated the in are the of and the small widest a mission that the without carry and upon domain equipment maintaining with important readable and complying . including - determine www not written We charitable to donations and committed is do not compliance of all to uniform fees many compliance from we donors donate . states states who . To works org . credit pages such prohibition staff . and could , electronic gutenberg card Project be produced the donation but of for a works only are as not . Project with anyone . General all S . editions Gutenberg Professor Section methods freely , please Information Project people facility our in copyright a make help produce our new any . to Literary printed from confirmed which are protected notice with . eBooks necessarily website start www . website edition Project main org the PG . eBooks about