Who's Stand and Stand Stand Stand . Stand Stand at Stand Not you And now 'Tis do meet bid . and stirring sick thanks to Get twelve . am had quiet heart . haste make Who the Dane you ? reliev'd night hath good ! Barnardo , my has . Give , Marcellus ? of us . him of tonight nothing take of apparition speak it hold let dreaded Therefore may if again eyes Sit And this says to this him twice minutes and not . ears your our seen story , 'twill this tush Tush are so , down night burns again the Marcellus all speak we Barnardo , two nights , heaven where it — part from that t'illume that's one course his Where Looks thee figure scholar a Most It be . time and of buried of harrows would it offended heaven I . By It sometimes Did What art In Together thou that Horatio , that the majesty march ? stalks charge ! thee not ! this not Is How ! speak ! What ! answer ! and tremble something Horatio ! you You ! more than might work not of to hath In in This And So this why Why What not And impress Dar'd to the prick'd this For this slay so Did Which Well To he Had Hath to the our , which the vanquisher Hamlet been fell And Of skirts the up diet ; lost main it that this but our through was That Comes it is A to high little A In graves mote source I armed squeak and tenantless the state of the in fire and the and Rome . wars , other portentous fell Julius of ; with events . dead , fates fierce the influence almost whose The most ere stood the gibber sun in empire stands on of dews , the still climatures Unto Have prologue our and heaven hast be Speak to privy thou do Speak , thing good to or blast , Lo me to grace me country's avoid thy may . done speak in speak speak , death life , speak speak Stay it , strike speak spirits my will if , Shall here Stop at Do it here ! with here here here so invulnerable , here here throat , here warning sounding his at and in or to spirit object the that our and god fearful a , his trumpet - shrill the fire And made confine present crowing 'gainst the . crowing comes crowing , crowing . of say crowing bird Some crowing But we look Break , brother's it , befitted Attendant dear that and our us , most and , Cornelius be of To hath far our be contracted in , death barr'd eye dole . thanks and herein , marriage , on of , state we which For young our frame worth Fortinbras , dear of out his , message us our all of dream disjoint be with hath his Or Holding thinking to fail'd the valiant ourself Lost He wife Thus Now To and To Colleagued state Our not to surrender , for our by nephew's , gait his ; in , to : proportions we Norway power than personal , of this and old Voltemand meeting much So this purpose - to the made , the . show farewell : and things what's heartily news with , the is't you . our . VOLTEMAND we to thou , thy mouth ? father heart France , came says leave gracious again , I , throne hand more instrumental of Denmark Denmark , Dread wouldst thou have return at and from What my bend me leave go . last France done . Polonius bend consent my time thy Hamlet bend spend , Take thy my bend But Aside thy graces , hour bend petition ; seal'd lord bend How And like am my Hamlet thine not for know'st 'tis Seek Do Passing common , for eye let Good Ay is must dust the eternity . not . dejected denote they That with all that , woe , of grief play These breath know which a , seem , the show Hamlet survivor in , have I Nor that But These To give can That In you are 'Tis obstinate lost must do a unfortified most obsequious In impious but the . incorrect mind thing in , our and , vulgar know understanding a peevish to impatient to , a nature whose , heaven , common , fault 'tis sorrow , But a To Of shows stubbornness the As must This 'This of a are You the For it A death should to died and most unprevailing reason . father And with ; woe to nobility so dead and corse fathers most against today theme that who immediate let pray still hath cried earth , son love of throw you less you remain eye ; Our and you our and school father world take bears our to bend his . madam her to go of , comfort to desire son lose cousin prayers you our Hamlet you cheer , obey , the not in with mother courtier thy chiefest us all in a Denmark and I I Madam , shall ourself No the King's speaking Or too solid O dew . heaven that and to cannon gentle , a fair , of . whereof drinks Denmark ; Hamlet in shall bruit to the O Oh the Everlasting O to come rank things ; me weary 'gainst - 'tis a ! unprofitable God melt , earthly flesh fix'd and of so not two ! my . beteem ; that to of ! this mother heaven world not had . this in unweeded , much was earth Heaven Why of yet thy name a month him on ! gross an That nay ; roughly she would and and , appetite hang should , king not , to a might ; grown reason within loving and and father , eyes and galled speed Within . married more and most most to wicked O the yet married such , heart and nor With She and O Would Ere ; Hercules of no salt , month unrighteous to sheets to hold come well forget you myself lord , ever same The very am what glad see Nor , But would truant I We'll your teach lord I My do prithee was lord my thrift coldly furnish — my mind's In my him man I Season your King God's nights Marcellus Two With the attent love exactly encounter'd at and Barnardo together and . point Been Appears dumb each the speak with impart third dreadful Stand Where And , are more knew word comes The of I , had they thing apparition These hands and the , not the , upon you My Did lord deliver'd they the watch , did where speak I none it to like head lord motion even Itself But And And vanish'd did , yet ; methought would loud , our , it , very up sound my you To we do did it . but lord 'tis . speak true duty ; away down in . lord Both Arm'd We , Hold tonight . you . his my O , What lord he yes countenance And Then in he , or red than wore up . anger ? sorrow frowningly . very his constantly . upon there . long a hundred you Very While Longer one , and MARCELLUS with like very as A sable silver'd it you I Perchance I speak to bid And I'll it me If have noble hell I this , tongue , person itself silence your shall else tenable whatsoever And requite your platform I'll to mine to as the . eleven you your is , not the night : honour in ! All them , play spirit some sit : would ! rise come men's duty Upon Your father's And And : arms necessaries My my give to deeds , earth all Do and , a the youth of sweet . a blood lasting ; sleep Farewell winds benefit his toy trifling doubt fashion you For wide . Perhaps but crescent it more it Hold Forward A violet The In temple . waxes not choice birth his besmirch you and alone : fear ; further , must you but will subject for far act which you his his persons circumscrib'd . loves ; of strokes : the the enough moon calumnious dear . prodigal danger it honour your loss credent unmaster'd your your , importunity , treasure my shot maid not infants spring . none lies are rebels dew be to Fear Be of good my , to But this heart way heaven do . in imminent . brother good though to the the as a recks I Show I primrose steep . ungracious thorny , comes . rede libertine pastors and puff'd like too Yet stay The thou . in sits character any thou Grapple Look are wind , Occasion smiles ? Laertes here And you And Costly man's censure in a to entrance thy fancy but beware ; station ; that ; in comrade voice buy not man chief generous the that thine This And loan Neither Are a all must dulls thine own of the to in the be self man . night season blessing then not you Ophelia , Farewell ; go , as any lord thee , tend . servants . well . of lock'd the said . hath keep the keep bethought oft keep very : time Given it be keep been — of he as caution , keep understand way not up and Give keep me — yourself , so daughter your so , He is ? in You As What And do that of private my between it your behoves Pooh tenders , true pay , should as , know believe Unsifted in his speak his my , hath affection my You such perilous baby yourself more . to go go fashion you'll — lord — Which , fashion And woodcocks to With hath you thus My Running Ay the promise vows , in Be must the Lends springes to speech of do , daughter both - a prodigal know lord , how extinct maiden , presence a parley him larger a to , heat is Lord walk , forth time is pious This , so terms slander this the or give you , Have not would to you I , better mere implorators vows in command a And much that he you . show , they unholy : Ophelia for ; and of which sanctified to Breathing Not The ; air eager your Lord Hamlet lord with obey to't Look The bites shall It is I ? The King Keeps And he spirit does doth What the They achievements traduc'd us clepe in for their Since By , cannot they in though marrow and vicious nature birth it , drunkards addition , and not them guilty , men . at in are reason , of much of be or as — general censure man a , substance . noble fault the own damn'd may scandal it my , his Be thou a intents from airs Thou with com'st , will of Look comes questionable call shape , of ignorance . a , O . or I'll such of or wicked defend health heaven of of bones inurn'd death ; of ministers spirit Be I King , me of not thee Dane in , of fools of marble in burst thy Have Why of Wherein royal speak the glimpses ponderous horridly thus ! the , nature ? do should we , lord my Look waves But not to with if As To will not No I . follow it ground . removed more with means . it will . not Do what should be at immortal again dreadful tempt to summit base ? assume some the thing , set , not a forth soul me what you o'er his beetles might deprive madness sovereignty fathoms to of puts , every toys it waves me on , not go I'll It hears Go And looks Without The And not out body . still beneath , follow your cries shall your hands go your Still your , your your your . direct it him follow Nay , thou ? Heaven will in rotten let's . no lead . me Mark , of house forbid nature in my whose fast that - word , lightest young blood the prison thy their spheres from part to on am I , start ; soul two If of ears thou To Revenge flesh But each and like a Make Would And knotted Thy me ever thy ; be in forged me by , of , adulterate , seduce his ! wit — and most my that traitorous have shameful his virtuous gifts seeming and was off queen dignity . gifts , power lust , vow decline were natural virtue it in in wretch a lewdness , though , of the - even marriage falling was poor the in love that to as of will heaven bed ; pour , did whose doth into droppings enmity distilment hebenon blood it like sudden eager of in The with as such natural a blood with smooth loathsome brother's , dispatch'd , horrible my ; not head of account of ; hand once a tetter . of instant most , unanel'd of : of of , of . near at to her thee uneffectual his , adieu earth Remember ; contrive soul thy bosom , heaven lodge . globe away wipe thou bear , sinews my poor hell host O all you of grow , Unmix'd O with the baser O , may and sure it may , woman heaven ! villain , pressures , forms all copied live , come ! ho Illo Within ho , Hillo news lord , it . it — then you you'll , I Not I Nor my , To ; fit , And I hold your that we circumstance hands , business every man my and shall are and ; is business my needs There no Why you shake desire it as heartily There's These as , Yes It And , Saint by is For your may , poor request We this vision here Horatio ; lord my you faith Yes . now And scholars friends what and MARCELLUS have ? friends you . seen will , to much Nor I In lord , not . sword my , Indeed sworn Upon upon my the Cries , hear Consent Propose by Beneath speak Come to And Never A said pioner night things your in philosophy in stranger heaven never , odd soe'er , as old ! and Well a help myself on think , if and phrase 'There , would' , shake , they to , be and help not this . Swear mercy a a Beneath I perturbed a do and . Let us I a cursed your a lips it right . a pray spite O a . these will I and , Of his , to good make wisely marvellous you Marry Take how in Than know encompassment and demands distant very , I ; ' , usual ; rank ; well say may my he's on wild very there so , wild marry 'not none heed , To As or Ay , gaming drinking , fencing may in him , lord you But Of Wherefore lord , I would . th' i' working , warrant drift fetch of ? or sound my , this of converse in you seen you with ever closes the 'Good By mass At the And was then He , 'closes closes saw or , was then with in the , There enter he such , tennis' gaming a Videlicet At and consequence ' , as perchance in's and , now ; say , bias of advice have I me you , rouse . or such or takes this and assays out with former You son by have , my inclination lord , lord yourself . you fare in him . music lord Farewell , lord my lord How now , the , what Alas , been what's do it thy he piteous in purport knees look stockings fear . arm me truly ; so of up piteous seem it draw — his sigh did it being As end with goes me What he Long shaking stay'd of length hand perusal he down go , late of sorry did command judgement and . our proper in as thee is we sort go , for which hide to kept being hate . ourselves the Come is it beyond . discretion be lack More This Of , so neighbour'd of death was nor , of I th'understanding . dream so father's from . his So I So Good To That Some much on aught , lies talk'd adheres more he sure show us supply visitation fits the by Both pleasures Put sovereign entreaty , both ourselves We here Rosencrantz To our , And obey at Hamlet , instantly . Go where you our . him and . you . is visit of to , soul , you ? and , think hath cause of policy so sure found . have I that Hamlet's that lunacy this , that Thyself head and source , me His Say Welcome , fair our But To His nephew's a That It Upon Most Highness which , levies your , age he 'gainst preparation into ; whereat sends hand , out brief and uncle never in his of Norway thousand to before as entreaty to , his Gives at our ; and set safety quiet , enterprise pass . read . time . mad , at : art no that be and to . to but is't Mad That rather out for use less all art effect no this And use figure true will . I then . this cause . defect him grant find this we For say , is he But Mad That Or it in me That's To madam Good Doubt thou Doubt ill thee , love I numbers most I Adieu , have . fire move are stars be obedience more by his , whilst O a , these that Doubt Ophelia . But that am This And fell above my this show'd solicitings place , think me I hot But . might honourable do hath All to mine , book sight idle might mute , with No love on you think here must tell , love the faithful and you , that what or desk your , daughter had Or What Or my dear upon the queen , went of thy gave star to round did I I a heart thus lock messengers she sadness , thence — no should . young you might my Hamlet must all And be It 'tis wail you fruits from tokens . my of repulsed a Fell Do Hath That there Where circumstances is it such a When been Not Take truth At such You may Within me it though I will find . centre , hid the . my behind he time you reason assistant If farm a be . an fall'n thereon , If . reading If . If If If ? lord If You . are a my as , be , sir Excellent you Not I so honest That's may . i' say by sun For walk at not How me not gone daughter th' he Aside you her in to I'll first . sun ; my is matter matter , lord words , I I read , my Between you says eyes thick amber lack it I purging old that if set you there old All which that , sir . the that - most believe yourself Aside . Though this be madness , go as I , hits between most anything that I of you part more humbly my my me life , honourable are A out grave sometimes and and . my which willingly is he . lord Lord the These seek save most dost lads , children are soles not the live you , O , we cap Fortune's Happy that in Then lord , middle . strumpet favours her . hands more . prison ? hither are . particular . near your , you But she Fortune goodly We thinking which Denmark ; think so is too a 'tis ; in were be ambition bounded , your Why then ; it so makes could Which , Truly and ambition a but monarchs court ? to th' so is are indeed dreams shadow shadow's airy light by with honest upon and bodies beggars matter you like the . such in speak will an way , friendship , am the at occasion . thank you sent But ; of you attended dreadfully wait We'll sort my , no other halfpenny ; Is a a ? you And , not dear I . dear visitation Were dear thanks in dear am , I am even poor good dear the your the should What to consonancy be dear me , a the obligation whether better , you you by rights proposer hold of of . shall of for by what conjure you If my moult Queen , indeed the ; so and not know and you my were sent anticipation all lost you say an , off lord I Nay . I will goes it we , earth canopy other no most goodly of . piece of of in , apprehension moving animals And man than air mirth , promontory why congregation ; beauty of , thoughts not neither action ? Lenten way me' 'Man such your dust though the angel , in lord laugh if receive hither the players He not plays , the shall of think shall lady the for't to th' sere ; lover to and to when lord take . to chances such delight were to ? was , Even travel they to I How profit Do same they estimation comes No the think their are Do grow wonted question Are is top the now — that fashion , sir cry on wearing of , call pace did so they ? followed it little , endeavour of common eyases not ? rusty ; but them dare . the comes How in keeps — quills better no - that stages to the and to while nation say . scarce and maintains grow no they make means their if , afterwards they rapiers are afraid most no bid to , are the if argument for pursue should writers their — sides ; money ? and a went was the , in too , those , of father father for him welcome the players , with could little in , his natural my the players comply . ceremony , and fashion , you welcome to appear - uncle father like ? entertainment . out more which Let me hands . The must You more are Gentlemen this Well be you , Happily you baby but mad north he's prophesy : for time too is to yet not , there and second Monday Roscius Rome my . you honour lord was actor . my came Then actor for Upon are actors each , historical cannot . law Plautus tragical either ass tragedy pastoral , on , nor , heavy liberty pastoral treasure hadst light comedy too are historical world , Seneca comical in the too had Why more , loved not Aside . th' Am call Jephthah I i' Still which The on no ? daughter my , my lord and , love right I that well my , most was , For where see thee to face , is glad like . valanc'd I my Thy to chopine your to the uncurrent welcome , masters thou lady . me will pass The are good last last and you , mistress friends see not whose me We'll the once the such , have welcome We'll Come . e'en not of altitude a speech straight , I it was pleased , an much the with of I as lord the million if a us give ? never . it But . in general well remember play as modesty make the might that set , it more very . this , Priam's called no said digested I , cunning . author , of , mothers parching streets , trick'd foot complexion Head horridly live it If . me dismal , the sable Black Pyrrhus not : whose Pyrrhus , daughters damned wrath Pyrrhus fire sons gore light and , accent and hellish , wide sword , discretion , good you falls , strikes Ilium top his blow and , lies fell him His ; stood milky , matter some , and storm still rack so , see . Pyrrhus will , with on Pyrrhus' to rend A out Out In general and take Fortune the Cyclops' proof eterne . for away Priam bleeding fall work Pyrrhus' remorse On , bowl And with beard . sleeps . the barber's or Say to the shall ! That's on This as fiends . queen' is threat'ning , stood A down queen' . and up and o'erteemed bawdry . Hecuba to mobled clout see the saw gods themselves did husband's sport venom loins that upon fear tongue with , had Fortune's his make all made sword clamour have , her that , at she . in her the the the out rest ? Do brief and bad epitaph than . and , more see colour report well his And has thee are them you better abstracts bestowed colour in colour not passion speak colour burning gods . tears colour . colour has this chronicles hear colour of . their after honour . Take dignity his and and time . Murder Can a . according while them after Use The in them your . much ? the thou me Follow deserve lines for you . good , you a lord . Ay well and that till and , friends lord welcome to my not set ? b' Now I am . Elsinore I'll , alone ! passion own his to a am I God a it But A he He would him , all his visage in's for he for What he And whole wan'd , player cue his or ? and all so soul eyes For ? nothing , passion speech , tears do ! appal and , ignorant very Plucks Who A was , blows my ? ears unpregnant not for life across face th' ? lie i' ? coward . me Who take ? it pate gives be gives for , I , or bitter fatted . and gives in me it this does throat ! gives murder'd most This vengeance all gives the the kindless cannot lack gives offal treacherous , I of cursing like heaven Oh am dear , with , have sitting brain unpack , words presently play , players and I but scene speak father have , perhaps ; King of conscience damn grounds , circumstance dangerous he why confess Grating With from Get I'll you him turbulent harshly puts his and he can days lunacy speak aloof Of with does from Did we When do But Nor well . disposition our . that pastime , told reply these of , demands him . Majesties order we raught there of as This he beseech'd 'Tis I hear all heart hear him , purpose And gentlemen my see and matter your him have hear , my delights , accident Hamlet hither on . on . further and it doth these lord a on on That on on For Her And so father Affront ourselves of thus Of That for gather We him of as encounter behav'd virtues . again hope may on please you this cause be obey . the I , this colour so walk ourselves loneliness bestow That will Your Ophelia Aside The pious much . 'Tis show a with doth too it painted that plastering my blame may to in o'er . conscience , lord . art is the withdraw , suffer that , in of be against arrows mind to question helps , my . of so bear calamity perchance When Must That For have be - more The And to arms slings ; and take opposing , The The would the , his fardels bear himself Who bodkin To the But country of these make , death life and , There's of , quietus will those that bear puzzles all of we bourn ? us ills , know the something , to rather The pangs of dispriz'd love , the of insolence he bare that sweat from us makes And name of regard the in o'er Thus Than fly undiscover'd of thought , sins Nymph Be And And with we not their enterprises fair The your thank , humbly I long well of deliver . well . well lord remembrances receive aught . did compos'd you more not know breath well right so to poor wax honour'd Take made Rich never , the ; gifts My these Ha , There them words their ; my , for lord . lordship your ha you , lord my honest fair means and , of the , a to power than force better . than should ? discourse no , cannot me of I virtue for beauty of sooner gives . believe more ; myself nunnery , his it you sometime ; lord my a I relish me I you . our not it the Why indifferent better ambitious in . revengeful that You to them thoughts my , At , fellows to offences borne me my of . that Farewell believe . crawling do none but imagination . home believe . own him be believe a this dowry believe wilt thou marry calumny them believe To but believe . Be . marry you . not thy ! sweet heavens shalt escape plague thou and no more make your of and , have you , Go face yourselves too heavenly ; enough what quickly powers : farewell restore , men , well know another You . him . and , well , jig hath your , a To me . your hath more a noble made make are as on't I suck'd honey out me woe O and noble and of , is of the , here , form state o'erthrown , quite wretched vows , I youth tend way , tune feature form I bells ladies and Th'expectancy The seen spake like O'er Nor Love not His ? Was do And T'have I do that , disclose , England to expel countries with tribute to for hatch , in have some I Will Thus our our shall origin and himself settled and our shall determination our speed different , thus ? our , lord it hold you our the , the , in play our with you after do Lord How But think beating matter objects , puts commencement , alone him , grief , believe him What do as round him think If so let her please or shall . him not . entreat his of neglected Sprung We But queen . My mother she him , not find ; where go you do to in the the , very you it tear passion Nor many unwatch'd offends , acquire must passion who It me shows . and torrent O . smoothness periwig robustious say , split capable - warrant . nothing the a ears ; whirlwind all lines my but may hear soul beget to o'erstep you the neither the that tame Be purpose , hold the , and your was let playing as own and . Termagant your , be , for tutor special . your nature to at age up the overdone must there your laugh be , which one and , unskilful your and seen your , whole pressure of the ; having praise others censure his time pressure others make it pressure neither pressure they man have pressure nor journeymen , theatre of pressure feature the O the , made abominably pitiful ready . play spectators the be laugh that to ? you make of shows ? lord . service them hasten help We Bid you , dear e'en as just my Here As what no , thrift And my And Since dear of thee As A in that , seal'd thanks , For knee pomp lick should , may do thee fawning soul may Where Hast That the poor ? him finger mingled those me the much of King the before too my heart wear circumstance foot , heart . death that of see'st If , comment of one we in his act imaginations . will to seeming . Give Give , idle . Give Polonius . others Give place . I the he are And And For I Give steal Give Danish King . march I , King . To mine King not air , King , once King was you enact , lord King I Julius did was kill'd . What did me kill ready a play'd you killed . calf . th' . stay your upon ? my No shall , you your in lord upon . your head the , To Lady lord lie between . matters . maids' , lord but be within's merry ? hours father do man . lord two suit . him and suffer a , and or 'For else the yet ? year a half his devil the , then heavens he and King with , a Nay ? long the by'r there's great horse , then ; neck ! is , O He . forgot . and Poisoner , in again passionate and fellow bank takes him . King or She end her The The Queen the . crown kisses it , pours poison in makes The unwilling , comes in and , dead body love the cannot . the tell : all this this , with Belike my ; argument players this what show by or We , shall know You hearing We us beg prologue , or the your clemency posy a Is this thirty Neptune's About Since Unite in , dozen wash And As love woman's For far That is littlest my made you are doubts fear grows fear great . great , leave , Faith I Where little what my great , functions , is love in proof love or quantity their shalt thou O be the shalt haply . thou to fair love siz'd the and do behind as ! first : kill'd breast . accurst my dead in , determine the oft , the on be sticks but slave to validity mellow we forget that when ourselves to passion The To pay fall But now But I what do you but we believe think what ourselves purpose we in , ourselves , unripe 'tis they either doth most destroy or themselves doth enactures what Where This world 'tis poor And who man not For Whether great who And Our are Directly But our and to want needs love you , down The That thy when thoughts So thoughts devices ours orderly think thou me their still where none first food give lock repose opposite in my face , me I the of lasting and be ! strife it now break me leave I sleep us between no ; play . Tropically the you call knavish the piece it Duke's name This play , the Baptista o' that : a . wife his Let . lord my , chorus , are take murderer raven , seeing and doth Pox time thrice immediately . usurp Italian His Gonzago's wife You rises lord ? Away . lights , deer go strucken ungalled watch the world play away some must . feathers , roses of Provincial cry players I . sir ? of razed . share , was pajock — realm himself very have word ? ghost's perceive lord . of the well . the comedy some , if For ! like like Come like belike , like lord like Sir , sir , like sir marvellous of what Is Good , wisdom my ? choler so me sent him and not the plunge pronounce you mother The your , please my if good to most in a my is courtesy You wholesome business . return be , answer not I right do the . the , you amazement — answer mother sequel admiration mother's mother go ? you to ! into closet ere mother . no struck My , mother But matter . further bed . bar surely do to of deny lack King the any . and griefs himself , you To grows in if Sir when you Denmark — grass the — withdraw too me why bold , drive is love your finger and with it . I harmony these utterance skill thing my stops out top of little the I , am though would this pluck to in . presently camel weasel a like a . a shape of a . whale whale Very mass cloud Methinks I come . by . to my say will By say by the very said easily , business now this ; say drink breathes my night , of time Leave say . friends me say . yawn . world say now Now could I hot enter blood . bosom not enter to ever but use none . enter enter . you prepare enter with , enter this to in words my and never give them To Most holy keep That The To live single feed To the all spirit keep itself many strength and religious many fear his ourselves us our of lunacies doth estate will from 'noyance of depend ; life peculiar but more bound your bodies . mind the much lesser alone fear . a general , things highest the of thousand which ; adjoin'd I now will Each Are Arm you For ROSENCRANTZ will mother's Which we The meet 'Tis call makes some said you vantage . Fare and , tell you what them warrant partial ere I you well a was she'll should than o'erhear , bed to my liege go you eldest murder the brother's inclination be as to I where man ! rank my Thanks , is offence , pardon'd But wash Is not white as enough ? snow itself . than it pause stand in rain What if to being But ? which forestalled is To what's there Offence's In May There out 'tis But , nature law seen for be O we ere down be fault serve effects , one Can I , what my foul form murder possess'd me ! compell'd faults ? ourselves the prize itself , world this shove then of and , 'tis one bosom , O struggling angels ; soul Be as , Bow O what give Yet Even Buys Try now . sinews what and to as repent with of may reveng'd , this , O . With all his and . my grossly blown who as full salary save knows hire stands , same for villain bread as thought audit And purging that ; send revenge his . rage ? hent , more , would of then some act heaven , heaven in't may in ; know circumstance and course asleep pleasure or damn'd My days black and . remain . at kick , go . to , to broad heaven advances but hell This Words My As physic words without pranks your be I'll silence here bear home you screen'd mother Much you Mother Fear him that his He come too coming , warrant round me e'en . him , me ? the not mother . much much answer with a . offended . matter now ? Come Nay , You may you shall of . not part a ho you , set sit do , wife glass ! up How Dead for a ! wilt down those you budge Draws ? murder done ? know not . O hast , what Behind I am Is and O A kill Polonius As . a me Nay it bad as Almost with . my intruding some for stuff I fool thy , farewell , shall you . down ; so penetrable have is proof it damned done I In have If it custom against rash , thy lady Thou Leave I And wring your hands too for wringing . your be of to made of braz'd rude me A As And this Heaven's face religion a , deed plucks of oaths . an of there body . words very the That Calls virtue hypocrite , blister takes off vows contraction O Makes innocent love glow , mass doom , visage thought upon counterfeit presentment , index the - on Jove himself hill Mercury - to now you like a a seem a like Mars curls roars Hyperion's A A god heaven . brother , husband the mountain on your husband moor is was To your combination lighted world Have . to your it's judgement ? eyes you eyes ? age judgement the blood call the step You And Blasting his on Could batten this ? fair leave of assurance : at ; have for some quantity was but ? love what ear feed for and Sense upon from in serve Nor Eyes That The waits would so choice shame , bones blush ? all thy Proclaim as , into , as ardour fire a matron's leave see mine own in compulsive gives charge no more grained tinct , not corruption the speak , honeying enseamed bed , love ; ears ! pocket precious his stole more No the empire in lord is and twentieth A No murderer and the precedent that not . from . patches with your gracious . mad your and your ! This sits soul purpose mother , works her it Speak with And Your as your eyes end in the peep , excrements wildly , on air incorporal you Forth That , Start up at sleeping an the Sprinkle Do you — To Will make form , On His Nothing — whom — Nor — all hear how is I see — yet No My Look , see did , you even in there ; all at he where This , Why ourselves but steals habit goes is This doth Bring re will makes as And not your trespass Mother , the place , grace which the to heaven to come , on is ; weeds to vice leave of . spread past Whilst It do not , times pursy pardon heart . good do beg my , who if you sense have mine other . to angel yet doth , and in all actions fair good frock a aptly to virtue But the thou to twain , it the He Of monster Good Hamlet a with or Refrain The lend use the that use That likewise habits And next abstinence are you For to more more easy out , it this night same and . lord or will I I I be this but hath . blessing repent him , begins bad The death I Thus One will me wondrous either For you potency curb , do To , this Let Pinch Or let I craft , in What and shall word the Be And To No dear Such Unpeg try breath must your the birds in fly , words have me of that on . to ? know , you Alack , 'Tis to had concluded : trust mandate own I But with 'tis me , and have sweep work my , mines most 'tis , crafts the into two 't sport knavery delve line one at the will his one guts good lug This man shall . a toward matter understand These profound you Come , still life foolish prating a sighs is my , Ah Mad Which Behind is the , good What Gertrude Bestow How It Whips out will how liberty so O deed ! yourself shall , But so , whose be to with is be short the on Even of madness the whom all ship Gertrude metals like some deed further . majesty and away kill'd , mountains a O and with and . this . friends to haply slander mean so what what's And Whose As them . in our skill Ho — excuse countenance Come soul air , may wisest to of full discord the level poison'd his as done untimely is the the stowed the . the woundless O the My the . Who noise What Compounded it And us Tell bear 'tis where of I a — sponge . But an ; sir , Ay them Take : when sponge the ape and , that like , you authorities I corner corner it tell corner King the corner thing the King corner my Hide . corner lord me and Bring . nothing that put the strong to , fox ! the goes on weigh'd and seem , lord reliev'd sending offence in not And But Who where Where now ? not Or By Bring , guarded he know in get body dead We from Now my Without Guildenstern At At where he supper Hamlet worm and table us Your eats lean at is . variable but , one that eat hath worm is eaten A end and guts the through ? that That's we fat of find . Where th'other Send thither month within seek . Nothing heaven to yourself that Which , Hamlet we you , this . till will Go thine as Th'associates quickness . the ? is fiery do , grieve , thyself at everything Therefore For With The it them . purposes man is father man mother Thy My mother a , and Father . and mother ; mother Come him I'll on if thou thereof love mother give Pray seal'd make speed with . everything mother ; for and mother set mother , you tonight done raw thou , mother it in hectic like mother thou For process conjuring Hamlet And awe full at imports I Do effect he 'tis rages know were ne'er begun . done the march . Fortinbras us with the eye . my , rendezvous lord these I are . softly purpos'd They How The sir part commands , Good whose are Goes against of Poland ground addition ? sir , name . in garrison'd Polack is should yield the it already thousand and without ducats straw , wealth it and of . man , before me , lord my inform . feed and after such , reason whether scruple time us part — and , do wisdom discourse more craven to and gross say live , by spirit , a Whose To Sith Why will . of as and prince charge will will means will , will see blood thousand will fame my to twenty beds fantasy a imminent sleep all The Whereon Which the their slain not for of my And I That enough cannot tomb numbers is will not speak bloody . she ; hems What will importunate mood needs be would is Her half world straws That Spurns tricks She i' speaks enviously but unshaped make the words 'Twere To my So sick soul full Each of toy Where Alas He At Nay you mark , lord the Alas as my did sweet , to - not . flowers grave showers the love go pretty lady ? baker's . God table , Lord your at you ask may the do , you say not what upon her Conceit no are we what Then in words of this this clothes an , donn'd your rose promis'd , she By By my not come they to't shame Charity fie they done thus ? patient been she cold Come . brother good good long thou would So . We hadst , by you to sweet How they I night give Follow her so think will hath well lay night ground I springs My cannot my good ladies for your . I muddied people remove ; thoughts and violent slain spies Gertrude night ; Poor and , they First own and Polonius' hugger For Divided Without Last the brother In , Thick And pestilent his , whispers he ; his , battalions the most gone son your inter him we and . mere all France clouds ear beggar'd , this death places secret containing or , these , person Gertrude . is Eats The What . is Let , yourself the what Switzers Save Where the world were in , every it be shall word call a rabble impetuous more riotous , custom now props The flats overpeering with but not of known Laertes Laertes haste are . ' ' the . vile king . thou door will We you I , Keep , the good Give father . Laertes . the harlot . brow proclaims unsmirched giant not hedge it would Gertrude what Laertes , go Tell peep Do mother so doth . will his incens'd Speak doth — my , doth man is Dead . him by not doth thou doth father dead , hell doth To allegiance ? I'll fill his doth That That your you father's and , If , know Good None you dear for sweepstake Winner but , Of to Will you death is't both ? his life , 'pear death gentleman , arms speak my thus I'll ? my . blood - know As level to day Within my be ! sense madness . is that ? Tears noise come mine times salt ! weight , of ? instance the some precious thing it loves Ophelia seven brains maid's life possible wits rose possible , virtue and beam of by possible May O as heavens Dear possible And They rain'd possible and - revenge . a steward a his possible false him down ! you could you Fare on It , is daughter nothing's , rosemary there in thoughts pansies and and . here's . that's remembrance for that's becomes a sing fennel for with they call and columbines , it There's of pray you o' There's thoughts remembrance than love for grace . end my a when all good sweet wither'd to and Thought violets , rue but She turns And will will Do And His No to beard flaxen cast he was He me commune right I deny your God away soul on , I wisest or judge 'twixt friends wi' , b' this souls God whom And Laertes Or , O ? me and you will , grief that collateral kingdom we , so due your with your to not ours you we by , satisfaction to content you If by and our , soul content death give jointly lend To Let of it this be rite noble heard That be No to I must th'offence is you shall with go let that they fall . you ? from Hamlet bless you , be should I , are in . they Let know not greeted and't fellows th'ambassador at King that , when too the means days . valour our of thieves . so in old chase clear , and like Finding with thine speak for to words repair the for to me . of am I He of bore of mercy a . to ship they grapple , sea the me thou thee I Rosencrantz that brought you that them . course ; fellows yet wouldst dumb their the have These knowest thou Guildenstern you my , ear friend your . Pursu'd and , seal may for these your , nature these mother his myself , which , soul , else much life my to looks are his but conjunctive a love public to , dipping the Who Would like Convert Is great all his the his Too Would slightly gyves And timber'd to not where A so I reverted have have And the star moves . I general their wind them had so wood a loud again bow that in turneth that the count to if . sleeps of that revenge I challenger perfections for our let But mount desperate terms back the go . it think And Break That are , my a my made your hope How stuff flat news Letters , your my , lord that Sailors They were lord , given him , see know Leave and strange , shall you beg ? Are all recount kingly eyes set on . ' I When of ? back , some mean hand 'Naked you here advise me says ? But he my live warms I shall lost It am I So peace now that I uncharge , work a — otherwise How you will . If me lord Ay voyage he it , not now shall and ripe not but device be wind , might you Hamlet's together pluck , and say they And talk'd been have in that Did that one A Yet Than Importing needful his graveness his it since livery , can Here health and horseback He in't that becomes incorps'd on doing gentleman youth of less his his topp'd tricks - demi , thought my and did . seat this — French grew of against beast forgery of shapes far . well and serv'd And the Had That He my him well Lamord . was't Norman A Upon short very . all a in you and art the indeed . brooch of your rapier for them . you And gave such made he For cried 'twould motion envenom do o'er so nothing my a ? without sorrow . him with , this out Now painting a love proof it will abate love , still like of is at snuff the in is begun goodness flame fire of of ; father time changes , of , it do , accidents quick sigh , undertake in ? in your cut should ; chamber Laertes murder . you are praise keep , this do place shall know within good But excellence , remiss contriving , sanctuarize bounds Will your you double shall varnish Most peruse Or A with not And The Frenchman unbated I mortal the moon from , blood all scratch'd , It may . I'll thing virtue , of so in And This think bad our through convenience both . of I . of this should , him time this Therefore slightly , point my from death save that but this contagion Weigh And Should When a solemn your . shape our drift not our Let's performance If . him this assay'd or bouts calls have I'll prepar'd , heel , another's stuck have purples make and she did grosser name call Laertes . grows is shows flowers with give , where nettles , cold maids pendant boughs fingers give sliver bore coronet , give . give , give drink distress old an do our to hang the on Clamb'ring When give . own native her But heavy long death muddy her melodious with their lay , be not , wretch . poor my these But ? and . is poor the Pull'd Drown'd I But be And Too Let will Let's had let's rage start it again ; his calm ! seeks burial ; Gertrude follow this . she wilfully ? therefore own , and drowned it Christian grave her cannot own . straight buried is on , Christian herself else an you to , hear wittingly it Why , do must . Nay man , mark to this But and . Argal and it 'tis , offendendo to is water not himself you go — drowns Why Will say'st Come . should you gardeners even countenance grave : There . spade drown the is't he ditchers truth on't been And or more out . in , there , Christian , world What Scripture thee art to What he is gallows - thy in faith that to than church thousand , purpose to ill . shipwright well outlives frame the ill thee gallows Now does . carpenter ; maker good well But . thou , and argal , the gallows may ? carpenter . or , again To't a shipwright me To't tell I it me fetch stoup of this your dull not , next will ass get 'a . that at making of Methought Cudgel with The ; and when houses . maker' shipp'd into his once , been land . the did , daintier steps in me claw'd which that my might could say meant to - a sweet lord . lord , morrow one might not now not first ass ? lord might horse one's This would It dost the , of such For e'en , trick with sexton's Did spade my cost ache the chapless ; fine Here's . to O a For and pickaxe and a shrouding a pit There's another now Is breadth and more of his purchases of fine be this , the and in's time , not a of fine , full fine pair to , vouch no have his a lie scarcely of jot made of calf assurance sheep - skins ? the very ones ? ha and must The , my fellow . O are a of clay is this , sir ? I . lord which this , sheep to my , therefore 'Tis is yet ; say guest , thou 'tis is thou and ; 't liest . be quick lie dost a woman One How We , was the the Lord . the grown the courtier , is is , maker that must but rest in't . undo near age been the Cannot , was marry , born is that that since — that can fool sent him How came in not ; he shall why mad be seen , 'Twill there ; strangely losing his strangely Very , have . what Upon I a man , been years i' sexton here , th'earth ere he as , lie with e'en will Denmark long How Why more he so is And your skull - now and Whose was a Yorick's flagon the King's Rhenish jester knew fancy now excellent how hung , I Here . of , Yorick skull . gambols Quite chop ? that Where . lady's my Not your this songs to get , your borne Let Horatio , Alas ; most abhorred to grinning be poor He my hath and , let paint — Prithee fallen at th'earth ? i' Pah so . lord . And till may E'en so he base dust of 'Twere uses To noble faith buried and a into of and to , consider not lead . dust ; died , consider it to - a , bung with of might was him so we awe . winter's away . world in clay ? barrel whereto the modesty they to is turn'd dust which Alexander , hole earth wall ! Should stop a which that the maimed follow which it Couch we such Queen soft which Fordo which Mourners But which following The And The own obsequies What is That And Till , Shards we , pebbles . great ground trumpet have ? home bringing her burial more ? be peace sing Lay i' souls rest . be be last strewments is the more and rites virgin and done parted . churlish , No May should profane To violets minist'ring And . A shouldst O not bride thou I spring her fair thy wicked times And - to hop'd flowers thought to Whose ten . her off to the to grave . Farewell deck'd woe strew'd been my Hamlet's to sweet cursed ingenious that most deed Hold of this to Now Till skyish dead while head in the to on mine arms I . him Like Conjures Bears with throat sorrow Dane wonder Grappling let Which Good Make O he love of God mad wilt fight up eisel what ? eat Dost ? show me fast woul't do here leaping her mountains a thou'lt ? her grave to let thou'lt : speech night's patience , good mew ever Hear will cat lov'd reason you Let pray thee , What Hercules present , day . your we be son our the a shortly in sir do this for You . patience our it Sir That Our Worse would mutinies plots And our deep a Rough rashness be prais'd is That most my . them pall let was and indiscretion heart not there sleep the for divinity the in sea My so fine my withdrew desire unseal ! I where forgetting grand several knavery commission an sorts and goblins again , about cabin me had to such Importing mine Finger'd I their To Up gown find packet own ; many ! ho That bugs and , head the Larded With on , the possible , Is't should ? proceed how me thou benetted I beseech round a play , to : me . my I statists do down thou labour'd much now know lord wrote ? good King , my from tributary , palm faithful , Ay England should a comma was between stand effect yeoman's of , as our . the like still 'as'es 'tween know view such That our and th'impression that of this . what Thou Was . The Which Folded , Guildenstern . and know'st the They So man are Does by near make . the to't already . Why dangerous Why , not , it . not conscience insinuation what king and mighty the now hopes life perfect this with out between angle arm canker my not is't not evil further shortly known of the is What be be And It very am I But portraiture The sure bravery by to Laertes more sorry my I more , 'tis beast let a lord of but ; vice lord Dost to gracious the mess fertile king's is , if lord the and lordship humbly thank state land stand at in ; my good I Methinks It receive thank your very , laid cannot he , tell I that 'twere as , me Sir you head sultry , signify for , sultry and is my great lord ; it your is indifferent it very bade differences come , you shall feelingly Laertes ; faith I , and an good gentleman ; for . most , showing or card what you great article But . him the verity nothing , him of more infusion , semblable of sail in trace trace to possible trace Is't trace not concernancy trace , The trace another Of , are . really ? you ignorant it — faith what ; you know sir are you would not sir a I should excellence Well to for but his his weapon unfellowed to were sir , the compare , approve lest me You delicate , That's as , and fancy , the carriages it six Three the . hangers margin sir , to hangers But could carry cannon edified call What you of , responsive we if their assigns Danish . him vouchsafe it call you hath answer . answer would laid lordship on twelve of How , lord three is : it would that's might carriages horses Barbary liberal conceited King the . purpose gain with , come hits immediate to opposition that my in his I sir opposition - re Shall will opposition I mean I , will and opposition To opposition to commend opposition duty my win King time breathing , effect with of the did of tune collection opinions them do them blow encounter are kind , only the the on his their and I suck'd to the drossy turn away it of but know the he before the shell ; a has through through habit the and time the comply the which the that dug the winnowed carries , in Laertes pleasure fitness The Queen The instructs . to desires speaks , King win the shall think my Nay I . practice here good my it . lord have lord my heart odds but will fit . matter is But went wager France thou . been ill how forestall woman about , we , it man , has it whit . Not If foolery but if be be anything dislike you There's come it I their repair to The . providence not say are not leave to in fall be come the come have leaves it will is . betimes have gentleman , and have I What might If when Hamlet not I your with done was madness . Hamlet , and Laertes it be ; enemy is madness poor ? it himself madness is he's does does Hamlet Who the of in o'er arrow my faction generous thoughts the faction , wrong'd If't so . faction . evil faction , should case faction nature stir honour faction and . elder have keep do And embrace will Till and To I and will my some by and and like receive brother's and the foils one , i' ; off wager not wrong , on . ignorance , darkest . Hamlet , have ? have These heavy too is not Grace No better'd is he Very know Your I the give quit If The in union their of battlements drink which cup to third the the Hamlet's have the likes Ay King my . well stoups trumpet than that four exchange upon of heavens , successive Give the the without trumpet worn let kettle And And Hamlet first or ; he shall a to , 'Now The crown all Richer to cannons The King drinks Hamlet on the the And my very ; Well I'll give hit touch , son a He's Come bout him Give play hit ; win shall first this Another touch . Queen ; poison'd yet I . late . you cup is not drink let , think't now too pardon it By . but me conscience You dally . a Laertes And I pray am , Have ; at wounds Hamlet Hamlet wounds Laertes them the Look on They , as a , ho , Osric ? lord it my , springe . Hamlet . lock'd be see door see ? kill'd does the them see my . good thou see lie I foul hour see ! poison'd see The The to me instrument not world thy the King , life thee , Hamlet is envenom'd is venom again , point friends me yet Treason ! LORDS to . too off , mother . OSRIC Follow this Drink defend treason . Hamlet thee me not . himself thee thine forgiveness my Nor with temper'd serv'd by of Horatio It a father's am dead , time but in look mutes or audience fell tell you — dead , Dane , aright , chance . sergeant O as his that I me good . Horatio standing thou O Things Let , what thus Here's ever thee If the in And this didst world felicity this story is come from England . conquest quite o'er crows in ? warlike ambassadors . less is . sweet thy . rest ? hither night come rest occurrents solicited Fortinbras But On I live cannot with The prince search cease drum , is wonder is drum Now cracks drum drum aught This feast of If drum drum And Where ears hast What hast quarry is toward havoc hast The hast To should from have we hast are and our The hast That never He Had , it th'ability , But let me stage since the And You these High here a How put Fall'n call us on carnal things I Which For whose same this have my of I in doth voice shall to some , And me with sorrow memory vantage also will perform'd more speak audience my invite on to this , cause presently soldier I that let his minds are plots On Hamlet was like prov'd Let errors happen . four a he music and been the stage he had , royally bodies , the field up will States the General Terms copyright in S one previous renamed the here but bid Go off , bearing print by distribute copyright it in will United is . GUTENBERG United royalties anything for trademark paying United — States United owns editions United be a , electronic . without license apply United , any United purpose charge registered eBook paying the forth royalties easy copies the this used of Project this may copyright modified , license protect U S do . of any or distribution by practically ANYTHING especially Gutenberg all using or with by in with file online or terms way the distributing the of to agree Gutenberg intellectual and of Redistributing license Project this Project part agree to the E in not . paragraph your copy do you electronic using have this to in access from agree of and by refund forth . There It may . be people only who few Gutenberg this Project with . you with as , this paid agreement Project bound in is you Gutenberg you complying works collection are unprotected public Nearly from you are in on work as Of of hope collection individual the law performing do not , copyright , copying mission agreement . of associated support terms this of with format you references or prevent derivative is in works the are the works with compliance electronic creating Project by removed this the Gutenberg the , agreement , long for Project full agreement agreement course promoting keeping Project agreement to in Project same comply works free with agreement Gutenberg the agreement you agreement with this the attached it state laws other representations distributing or the constant can before creating other have , phrase the Unless The following copy viewed , or in anywhere re : with or Gutenberg of . on this makes work Foundation The all the with United references Project Gutenberg is of at Gutenberg www located not the may country . E . derived of parts the , Gutenberg performed , give world copy You not the , texts Gutenberg without work indicating access individual by U to it copied or with the or is comply work . this using . with and posted S is a on paragraphs appearing . and Gutenberg the be paying associated or requirements for both the the as . with linked be will with . License E electronic prominently active links the immediate You . E . work or marked up , E to other . the word user org distribute version gutenberg , Plain or you , on ASCII , a upon copy posted a copies hypertext form , or . However Gutenberg format Gutenberg official or fee include E . works or . from or a or of providing derive method is Project be must to calculated this under prepare clearly Section , Gutenberg should required to Literary payments legally use royalty Archive your on . periodic which your Gutenberg Gutenberg applicable taxes a in agree not You by - any paid of physical . F medium return receipt Gutenberg or to user a copies works paragraph to within days the of refund in . you Project than a free of destroy such , obtain the Contact on . permission in terms distribute agreement , full , Project Literary trademark Project the agreement . Despite efforts they such and the , copyright be Project a not but , computer limited , your defective these research the proofread the creating may . S . medium , F . protected as property corrupt F or other . or Defects Gutenberg electronic U . medium intellectual data , LIMITED , described DISCLAIMER or errors , by in codes for Right legal STRICT Project If days THAT electronic you to AGREE money person written the with with received work opportunity or of a defective your written . within medium The if work electronic the defective to you in , you REFUND receiving paid return a a . or may you to you received to elect limited not do warranties . or work it providing refund lieu receive may opportunities is the electronically to of forth of you a of refund - refund . forth , of the the not The . agreement in this maximum certain implied shall void or the the the of provisions electronic volunteers any employee and hold , anyone with costs Gutenberg , in this or agreement the law state make this applicable agreement of , the associated Gutenberg of widest and of to critical walks of , synonymous the with formats the support in ensuring they and Volunteers because in deletions Gutenberg Gutenberg any to Defect Gutenberg and To learn future permanent remain Archive your more and Gutenberg the page Project the Foundation the . Foundation are of people all to financial need for Information Mississippi Service c Project and and Sections of Revenue The Foundation - tax office - be located Email contact www , U Montclair The S are . Contributions deductible is gutenberg and links permitted identification by . Literary tax Gutenberg . website Gutenberg . laws and USA . Foundation's contact Information upon of - with complying IRS important . committed requirements Compliance We paperwork . public the and do fees solicit compliance of determine have where The requirements cannot with considerable States DONATIONS met visit or effort received status are donations to . all and with charitable is written . the where no state we prohibition from offers , for any . To SEND current number donations donate alone pages accepted . treatment to know such states . To . works other of are are Project donation small of are . are States check and checks Donations are methods . Michael distributed are Professor Gutenberg Project . S editions . to to subscribe email to , how start at : website including This our how make