. live the King ! there and For now sick Get twelve The my watch Not this . and guard . Who ho is ! night reliev'd hath to Give honest , has , A of him , Welcome , Horatio ! good tonight ? pole this down speak , What Had now of westward Marcellus one — In Peace When let Where The Look off break the it to , Horatio . wonder Horatio speak bell same , figure art a thee , Thou King the . Question like Most . that ? which Together thou sometimes art march ! that it the Did ! my Without it Of , sensible . King and true ! had ! art armour the thou the the ! he sledded Polacks Norway before , hath strange , 'Tis With th'ambitious Is He So Thus But what twice Why such why toils impress foreign same , strict mart cast subject to of to thought he gone work by our day haste . task whose of implements sore , from me the I goes whisper the even you image Who Doth At , on our known life , a ; ratified the to Thereto Dar'd slay this Well stood the , Did His skirts mettle the Shark'd That fell Of For Had he And to in unimproved That Well little stood gibber influence almost preceding the still omen of with dews moist empire earth and our to comes . coming countrymen together climatures , me . hast thou it Unto soft Lo again ! me , fate , death earth in ! may avoid , in walk thy foreknowing to to , country's to grace speak hast if say you speak speak speak Do speak speak if 'Tis speak 'Tis it at here it wrong here gone here the , here about to then here here cock , here it vain as it is the air mockery when cock heard the sounding warning earth at of that 'gainst Saviour's probation spirit truth cock the the . strike charm singeth of our they and are say crowing wholesome nor , season air crowing clad . hill it crowing to ; crowing my , by mantle believe crowing it to tonight crowing , with have up dew heard hallow'd , then no no power time , seen upon him speak life and do in and is the advice this we , Let's you Do needful fitting eastward , brother's death morning conveniently most find , him Voltemand , Attendant with now warlike with a dropping , think sorrow discretion hath wisest far our Though Th'imperial we as jointress and delight weighing nor have which that wisdoms along For all have we , dole gone . bonds So with pester surrender brother of out and disjoint our supposal our young our death , lands those all we Fortinbras of , advantage message much of with law . meeting for scarcely suppress the , rid , to all , made levies here that dispatch Voltemand Norway , scope we VOLTEMAND your . father thy to , wouldst reason more wouldst the mouth heart thou news offer the , be not head The the offer favour willingly in your came , Laertes thy not offer native to is't , Dane the beg Laertes offer , asking offer . offer , slow last at pardon offer , Denmark ; bend Dread Your now I must bend bend confess your leave , hath bend bend He bend bend By his will I , hour beseech Laertes ; to and , still on , kind . sun off colour dust must die , Denmark vailed that to , common not , my , Seek know'st Why , Ay seems customary Nay nature all ever eternity thee . lives , it , of solemn black , know , of in of , breath ; it my madam ! nor I they For But 'Tis That Together These sweet give these your lost the term persevere , bound Hamlet father passeth a that To filial , know but To father In In impious shows Why do A It Of understanding must most know fathers fault it of first a must be so most till ' . absurd , still throw to earth cried , take you died a 'tis dead , are Than Do I which This , whose heart ? for with no dearest you school our of comfort to son our lose her prayers eye desire you in Our not chiefest It is we the with all madam Wittenberg to not , unforc'd ; to 'tis in pray I thy thee , jocund great King's speaking - rouse bruit again , thunder , tell , whereof Hamlet of accord shall away today Madam , that the the . 'tis rank seed . things the that - Or Thaw O His grows Seem That Possess two But So dead merely to fie , so ; Frailty yet had a shoes thy and winds she appetite body she were within poor grown would ere . mourn'd ! all With A me which A beast — have God little My Than yet the longer tears on't , my wants ; I She Had By O month think or followed even , that she , no Within her wicked it break It married such O cannot ! forget left . my Horatio or see , servant ever poor my good from that you name Marcellus And good My . Wittenberg from even — Good with Nor not hear truant I am you it yourself A prithee lord My I Indeed But you is make To not mock my fellow father's hard . in tables bak'd - wedding upon . foe forth seen ? lord I see . heaven dearest father Horatio king . goodly like . yesternight all in again all . saw him these I father the King ! deliver . gentlemen while distill'd surprised thrice solemn they of him act , fear , did . length with not speak third the stately them thus the By Goes lord where was are But , speak the upon you Did we it to answer My it address methought watch did yet did once ; it then motion It speak , would cock shrunk from the I do And we , you We Arm'd , lord , My saw From face ? beaver his than he anger ? long ? hundred a you . like would . might haste BARNARDO and moderate with when was , 'twill watch tonight . gape should it seen silver'd in . it walk will Perchance I father's pray this I . I assume warrant . eleven honour 'twixt I'll . My some I Upon . Our foul earth still . Though And But it Hamlet Do you of , A Hold in , the trifling toy a youth perfume a The No and permanent and and Forward fashion of No the more thews inward Think it does but no as the he loves and soul not his will soil . withal and For bulk crescent alone doth his to his but is , himself and he service cautel unvalu'd of . head and as will Perhaps ; nor for health Then wisdom saying voice of ear , or his you list chaste , open , sister ; spring strokes . sustain may and shot keep , Or Fear The her calumnious beauty not none though safety else near . libertine pastors some my to Do Show And the a own path and way thorny his primrose and reckless rede puff'd as As Be watchman itself wary Youth like . comes , steel of entertainment comrade Beware hoops thy , with unfledg'd ; but few thee thy reserve in , of the best both a generous ; thy the lender edge oft select borrower borrowing above For This of not For thy habit as fancy , express'd apparel but , censure man's Costly most and of France oft in And in the they And Are of own husbandry . true ; friend self night any day thee lord servants , my key , of . keep shall I you ; I take my have yourself , and tend . well you Farewell hath the Lord many truth . honour so understand caution audience of — as on daughter , so 'Tis he my most you free ; been do be it If Pooh ! affection , late me a circumstance call you a pay ? what tenders poor dearly baby yourself think yourself more a tender importun'd me phrase them should , In the wind you teach I'll , I know you do That Which My you almost speech with me . the thus have are — he honourable love it - making it time , it , soul rate From both , it presence maiden your of light tongue blood woodcocks how extinct heaven . blazes it is it catch burns as at a For scanter to in it with command Set must not Be You Than of that vows . few they unholy But sanctified of pious suits may higher . for fire Hamlet , young Lord ; investments walk any talk Lord Hamlet ways . you , I The give I lord come charge obey to't Have or plain which his implorators is , your . my , slander . moment shall . the air ; twelve now ; lord . out , bray , is am ; reels rouse a custom triumph . west nations takes . attribute perform'd and and of other indeed though , addition our particular are his some and too much forts origin , not them at phrase : wherein , wherein , these one Fortune's may dram take wherein or . the infinite , Nature's Being virtues Shall in say of Oft wherein wherein wherein Look my lord and or health grace comes defend us blasts or heaven intents Bring I , a questionable I'll O ; but me hell ! damn'd from thee goblin call ignorance hearsed why inurn'd this mean complete jaws moon of disposition and Wherefore the to beyond we ? nature What of reaches , hideous thus the ? to To it if As beckons away it , do is this It do not set not my soul again what what my No It What Which the o'er more your into it . waves still looks hears shall I'll beneath . my lord body lion's in , rul'd you . It not go thee Go I He a Go . gentlemen . lets thee him . Denmark come it state . and ! hearing myself I I hear . Alas I to tormenting flames thou to unfold . Doom'd the certain shalt . bound hear night fires nature in confin'd day away . whose thy lightest prison upon knotted And But eyes thy a for Till Make To ears If thou quills each Would To purg'd the burnt Are of Like Thy thy could secrets ; freeze soul like two combined and this locks to thy stand part to , thy . thy love thy best and the , thy , in most this Murder thy But to As May my foul Murder ! the swift the . of ; noble sleeping this in thou the the Mine serpent the by thee whole my Hamlet . youth process thou death of orchard the — seduce to Ay , The of his , lust queen was virtuous that dignity that with to off of poor , gifts adulterate that , even natural and gifts marriage ; was - seeming a my , But to in on Sleeping me methinks And soft sate Though But those secure porches of always hour hebenon my court , lewdness mine . though Will let My cursed of scent the stole vial in ears my within I thy morning . be Holds juice With And natural as quicksilver leperous The such That The And And gates Most Thus life If Let bed thee horrible damned incest bear Denmark be be . near , once at ; heart ? my else earth ! not memory Remember holds thee , What me fie . matin thee well Remember . thee records my . trivial alone all thy and volume matter , woman Yes pernicious ! down so damned villain , be a to Now . villain set smiling may , there and it I are you in remember and , smile adieu sworn't lord Within Heaven secure Lord my lord , ho ho , my lord wonderful it ! you'll my , No I Not say a There's Ay you he's , ne'er villain dwelling my MARCELLUS you'll , Nor , of , knave in lord ? secret . Denmark grave the all once . part . lord ; heartily , offend sorry but are I'm much you — hath business and . my pray my shall words desire poor Look There's no Saint may . is what this now scholars one , poor Give are as your honest to friends And request , good , here , is there but . ghost you , And by an you seen tonight . soldiers Patrick As and me tell . you between . will We lord not but , in . my Nor under the so thou , boy Come , Ha ha Never to on sayst Cries Consent the speak et Hic ubique ? Come hither Beneath this my sword that . seen upon gentlemen shift have . Then hands this my . fast so heard sword my sword . friends wondrous th'earth good . is this heaven , myself , mercy , Horatio , would' we , you , Swear at me : out giving of So grace and such to To this , they to do not note help need perturbed rest love what , Swear spirit poor lack love so t'express your out of joint friending . Rest With still , And his man commend your O spite pray , is us , you Hamlet me . as a I do you ; together I it . let's to born , come notes good this My well , do Of Before you ; me Marry how What your , father — him' know 'twere do they By Enquire said , at his distant demands drift you and . wild , ' marry him dishonour you please , be As part some knowledge , and you may he's ; if't in What very lord that usual 'not my well slips , so , breathe to scandal on . him the far ? my You My as not he meaning my must That put may that , would dishonour blood , that know would ? my you I here's , lord good Of seem of a unreclaimed in outbreak may and they flash , you him in converse ever ; my you prenominate consequence addition . 'gentleman' , working sound crimes leave — ay 'gentleman marry , you the know ' ' . 'I : and ! as , rouse sale' of carp this takes such there or t'other gentleman , consequence in At , 'closes I or saw falling at tennis' , gaming him He Or By indirections my . you well . lord I my inclination let . have . lord my , Farewell his yourself in lord . I , lord Ophelia , my what My lord , With the name God been , now , hat if loosed piteous knocking his all ? in was doublet each unbrac'd my gyved , shirt and with horrors for but , took the the other with falls He Then lord , he speak his such to to length hand perusal shaking piteous shatter . did goes What said he ? very their will I bended light without his without the Whose This is the o' doors me will with of , help eyes went way over being his end Come leads does , my good you have oft As violent property any our the go That , afflict , I did His am quoted wreck that discretion As It to not meant This And sorry That . with I ourselves To it is beyond it seems must known cast hide love . see provoke . did , it man did th'understanding much dream so so being cannot did So ; Something I the . death . days did by so vouchsafe neighbour'd may glean did , remedy did him and your young to did you That And That draw So sure And To I am , to on us unknown you afflicts our . and , within lies Good whom To And To give We up our Put here Than pleasures sovereign Both by the majesties you more to entreaty your both obey , in ourselves service commanded and son these presence . My too much make helpful helpful Pleasant Ay my . news helpful good you the joyfully helpful helpful helpful Norway helpful , Thou And as as hold soul of . long great as do as Have I my lord I that trail Hamlet's do I as — to . them bring , as admittance cause that to lunacy of th'ambassadors fruit to ; hear he first nephew's To is we sift . appear'd to brother . arrests , impotence griev'd truly whereat ; age , brief fine Majesty with overcome , his before and , more never , joy fee soldiers shown Polack the against crowns to , employ quiet allowance enterprise . read took , labour ended . is and of mad is flourishes time and , to expostulate time what night night duty outward wit , the define son all true art A art 'tis , now madness , Ophelia a — vile . you phrase awhile this stay , Came Doubt Doubt Doubt the truth never that the doth are a doubt to fire move not , place daughter , and solicitings she time ear think might . the you what faithful of seen , perceiv'd prove . told had I When As my my fain would As I I queen tell you and might here winking me daughter it your Or Before young mistress thus I herself ' , dear my given love love this thy , precepts did bespeak of his my advice her . went or desk No ? is my , I had heart a , upon think you , Thence , sadness watch and into into fruits from I — resort tokens tale a , that ' , think you very may be a such I this Where this , Not the is truth there Hath Take If try walks the indeed ? indeed How may lobby , to him . reading leave away both O , comes him , where you , sadly beseech . a give carters poor . mercy ? wretch Lord fishmonger a lord know Well board Away do my good I'll , me . my lord are well Do Excellent Then I be That's breed in a maggots Have a good a . Still said he at first walk gone I'll , my a — being ? daughter conceive Aside th' daughter truly me say How speak . that may i' And in this you to — suffered a by I . the they sir ; wrinkled are satirical slave honesty old have a , backward go . of grave Into madness , yet my air out the . o' that A is . hits delivered . reason him leave which How on between means will most from of be Aside , there my method his air the that prosperously the so of meeting happiness I old willingly that my leave more . fools Hamlet there sir . Polonius go You to To honoured My lads friends On Happy in Fortune's Nor My live about Faith , privates ; parts of lord the O , What near None have you But that is doomsday news Fortune news . news the news news Then she your news good . news is , in Denmark We makes be , were bounded infinite space could , is merely are , I and , beggars' Truly Then our . will I ROSENCRANTZ that friends inclining are too dreadfully you thank . not you Elsinore attended ; But , is there craft you for and . rights the ; have sent have modesties Queen , our and , be I will the I of late , secrecy eye . sent anticipation moult all so seems the frame thing of in canopy excellent this wherefore to earth and ; this in firmament most and no faculties , other piece appears a like What , angel paragon think the world by laugh you delights smiling you seem stuff was you coming be are humorous whose his — his foil end blank o' th' sere — the in in they or delight . the travel ? wont the profit comes the estimation indeed children of keeps , the most the afraid rapiers the so and the they are , the the , tyrannically common of - quills . wonted ? Do they pace are How are players writers their Will — was . the There player ? throwing cuffs to for much they strange not make very that O , there controversy to them unless the carry carry been my for more carry it out . if in carry lived , of picture his apiece for while , carry , carry this than . Let - dear lord ? is I wind the handsaw aunt than I me hands comply tell When . gentlemen at , with what fashion to more In be Guildenstern you not too yet of out child twice a to tell : to second , I lord , The have My prophesy he sir lord actors in - Then each actor my either , honour , historical poem , men only the treasure , tragedy pastoral , the - These a , too writ - best O unlimited . Seneca , and judge 'One The which th' my Nay What , me , then , follows the of are welcome last mistress by gold . have me speak the digested well . caviare not I matter whose to a , my lord a , but But , general in remember savoury affectation especially the by and play , above loved where , memory author chiefly The his this he lay now heraldry is of That Bak'd blood With as so : Pyrrhus not it he , in . in hellish proceed , seeks wrath the o'ersized like eyes And vile carbuncles accent him finds Greeks . spoken a , mothers impasted a , too Old To their lord , Rebellious Repugnant his drives whiff and this , blow falls , arm command Priam father , lies well . with milky head flaming senseless For on ear was feel and , where antique a will and matter , some the his to nothing tyrant i' sword Ilium sword crash , hideous , fall a new after hammers for him ; region never armour than Cyclops' forg'd less , thou hush the Aroused Out And bowl As a barefoot queen' Say to He's or barber's too your of rheum bisson is upon that head her pronounc'd steep'd — then she all heaven of , made not themselves with have . husband's see fear loins , limbs , eyes gods at in's and , the colour out the more . this chronicles . time ill than epitaph . and abstracts better Use ? much them more friends old , night Follow well To , my not not . am . lord welcome friends , I'll you ! conceit this that and player dream own wan'd , slave Now am here of visage for to ? distraction to a all ye peasant wi' I I , passion nothing function all would for with ; free horrid ear her he tears , and the and , No most coward my a dear , unpregnant Am I it mettled life king , Yet cause my my for not and nothing say whose was , breaks of pate in nose , gives Who or region kindless bawdy murder'd ! gall cannot th' ? throat this ere all oppression should , To But I like , guilty the very , tongue no though to their , struck proclaim'd the sitting ! upon't very father is ! of son an what , Why , fall A Must That Prompted That by They For May know be him Before most Play the my pleasing course to the organ it uncle . miraculous have . like , that I power . thing grounds spirits play's the the have and yea The my Abuses Wherein And With him you and dangerous himself speak . confusion means be no days of why by drift of this harshly he all no circumstance confession , him ? him him him state . him his reply him that told we joy him before have already certain any of , court . Majesties and hear To With all And gentlemen heart so he of for do behav'd , the be . Hamlet may judge , hither , frankly is here , no lawful happy , to I Madam Ophelia will We And for your I shall , way . hope wish again , this in blame exercise devil my , visage book on this , it helps painted word . fortune suffer , shocks sleep end consummation to sleep may coil , come , ay 'tis , die : to heir to dream shuffled — wish'd death what To of and , rub , the a say die thousand there's dreams . is perchance heart that When The makes wrong , love the us bear calamity whips of he himself undiscover'd the bodkin and ? dispriz'd of of office the scorns proud make , of not ills the whose death from those we make does others that bear of have , in pith great with the country of , returns us to hue currents thy resolution awry sins for this many well , a day remember'd . action Nymph lord honour all my my , regard name this humbly My That pray I No I them lord longed I lord have As Rich , these That if Ha lord ? your can should . better of commerce , the for . likeness truly have means lordship ? your beauty honesty transform with beauty the did love paradox believe . but , than honesty now you me virtue . deceived could me accuse am I I very such not you loved lord . sometime you ; me my it proof that to nunnery . thou them do none fellows At him may the my of lord believe Where's he to give I your us . play but fool nowhere thou calumny Be . needs dowry . them marry and you your , given . you escape thou what and quickly well a heavenly yourselves nickname I'll , of your powers another on't as hath , You . Those they , and make shall , will have courtier's Th'observ'd Like I And T'have seen what Was he ? have . O woe of tune music his most and of seen with His spake madness doubt do his in our countries neglected with determination something There's . it do though melancholy and sits hatch which , quick danger have seas the I which I O'er the variable he the brood soul , tribute to England thus heart beating commencement something With Whereon This himself What commencement you on't him think commencement ? I commencement grief do How from need it you My what round with , please commencement you , where in , the play ? commencement said entreat him her let , his mother she think confine find so shall pronounced of Nor . as as my but I spoke thus I as that , a , mouth may say do not saw air me offends the it your to for passion , go do , you . and temperance to to . Be too the action Suit , is so overdone and is own word ; I are robustious , Herod , but to noise warrant the the playing of own modesty your to word hold as own Now censure theatre the though time the off grieve that , Christian profanely seen play a — have have and heard , of have whole well Nature's have have thought O , in fool That's meantime have down it to considered though themselves than to , the the my uses it . quantity question some on set some a , this lord piece work We two ROSENCRANTZ will , and to GUILDENSTERN Bid help hasten What , service cop'd . withal conversation as man a your . the the poor absurd thou , pomp mingled finger man that me Give . please a stop core passion's and are not pipe for she I tonight , ay comes of my father's circumstance , slave they thee Something in too before thanks . are Fortune's - are co him will of told Observe I have when with , prithee I he steal coming Enter cousin Hamlet play I eat so play not are play words play ; I nothing play now . play , nor I That Excellent this with answer , My lord you i' so ? by upon dear players stay my , lord hither my they him to ; Hamlet ready , metal more good mother O . here's King , my Ay you a lie , nothing meant country my , think Do between maids' . legs I What Nothing . should a be within's . two merry my lord ? a ? O yet have months , horse horse - a , him asleep Lays in the Anon Queen ; leaves show upon , lovingly protestation 'For else shall , upon in King's he fellow a He . unto embracing and , in Poisoner means my mallecho , four King . of takes exits Belike this shall tell players show this imports show Marry show him . you fellow miching or You know cannot all show to naught you'll naught naught Be what you not means mark naught naught play . naught , tragedy to clemency : I'll naught ring naught ? cart love twelve , hearts our ere sun been sheen borrow'd orbed salt wash hath and did our hands , ground , moon done of : distrust , fear . too . know must holds love my love thee in leave must fears great operant , husband belov'd confound needs O , thou Honour'd For love wed The A I When do determine think believe second what Purpose But now Which But violent Most unshaken when what ourselves to ourselves passion What The pay Grief Where joys most revels ; joy lose . destroy most change , prove fortune else his fortune , advanc'd man love lead down hitherto And doth aye never lack doth aye aye aye . aye aye . mark friend of friends on try overthrown no to Our orderly want seasons and wills But That ours thoughts But repose food , my thy lord nor first husband own , I , well pursue face , she , should . dull , The sworn grow Ophelia If would . now it sleep . wife lasting beguile , strife be me I would here her argument Is ; no world twain . methinks word in . This withers play the ? the keep she'll but play , Gonzago a 'tis ; the , no The murder done in ? Tropically is piece you call do how knavish wince jade , that one cost you take , lord to my off . bellow for fit and time my . Thoughts black Thou With ban , mixture Confederate Come your faces and begin husbands hands , the midnight raven doth . name's immediately . see anon how Gonzago's love for's very the estate th'garden , o'er some All light , sleep must ; fares of rest ? sir my on , players of . dismantled I Damon dear . cry ; two the runs , sir this Would not fortunes shoes , a whole know thou very , might take Very well of talk perceive the Horatio , I'll You , himself O my thousand recorders , perdie . music likes lord , not , you , a Sir , belike , if the some some , Good in , Ay , his rather to him drink , sir With should wisdom me doctor Good my I am of right do your My answer and Make can to and . answer and Sir , your me and , a and not , make and more , and wonderful She son desires she you our trade closet in her us did me mother ere times love stealers . go you admiration . mother , were , still own your And Good do , cause of deny once the himself once you I the once what upon How once lord , once . the once that wind me of Will too be do not O my I lord well the Let do beseech bold if you that , play upon my you unmannerly pipe and . these skill I cannot music to me look ; mystery my now , instrument think pluck out ! the to , of top this little in excellent thing make would will I am though would you you upon . the . and . a you indeed camel They and me top me so by — a backed a Very like and will very could witching hell day of . I come by fool ; as business enter . night , itself world such , heart thy bitter and , thy yawn churchyards When O to look Nero in her thy soul my him thy like I his commission England range thy to our estate forthwith How My will Let tongue thy speak and in seals . your upon bodies fear provide . ourselves his will shall of Hazard And The all To not it like gulf massy the armour whose from 'noyance is bound , draw wheel doth of a is when Never ruin spokes the huge Each Attends King To the , which a general speedy . upon this fear footed mother's his I'll and some said , should it than she'll convey I'll going upon you you ere audience partial you I lord go them warrant arras more know , wisely my bed to . well makes you what . tell And vantage speech , A hath I Were wash it not , My stronger guilt inclination brother's like pause neglect But both thicker man in where than And what's is That Of those , gilded effects be . turn past being in cannot one May corrupted law shuffling no is Even to In There Buys and currents But the may of seen oft out And hand 'tis what in his wretched engag'd ! that Help ; may - born . new heart , struggling to black angels strings well All do pat might I am To heaven 'Tis But When , take sword he Up When Then trip physic , That At he heavy is To him has no , in Or th'incestuous swearing or damn'd mother as rises , thoughts without Words My fly never thoughts remain . sickly thy and prolongs King He my his Much warrant , Now Come go come , Mother you how What's , Where go , not may What ! Help . What How Nay bad marry a a rash , deed is ? as and kill king Almost with my , Take intruding . 'twas rash Peace some sit so penetrable of have thou against act . In Leave Thou . took Thou thee for wring hands too . be , busy be your made custom your . for heart bulwark and off such . takes of rose love vows . makes , the face doth . O , of body the a the Calls , and , The rhapsody Yea With of thought the , doom glow , act , the thunders at against . in act what picture the , station and command , two , and of - form a the a a counterfeit heaven and to threaten Jove of kissing hill herald presentment this upon here See curls Look , brother on is To New An eye what The lighted combination did husband give This every A Where was husband your fair love blood age your it's sure and tame but would that sure err at not , mildew'd man follows Ha for have you a like . you Could judgement wholesome batten And Blasting judgement And cannot You judgement hath hands Eyes feeling , at was judgement , Is Nor judgement That in mope O virtue . a , judgement bones Proclaim shame part , smelling one is sense , gives burn the ardour compulsive And panders . will more grained speak eyes I there Over rank honeying me mine bed , villain a twentieth . A not A that is , to like These slave A murderer of That your cutpurse the lord words A in his precious and — wings your , stole pocket empire a put And and hover ! Alas not heavenly Save come your with me would go ? figure to . he's Do to But How Alas , to her it bend incorporal eyes your do wildly discourse , you with eye your soldiers sleeping like Sprinkle Start up , on him heat an , of O thy Whereon in in hold air and the cool Upon bedded On His Would make Lest stern and do you yet all that perchance nothing I what action preaching pale to look not , Do Then piteous this them Will at did you there nothing but ? the very where Look Why his in nothing habit me not madness . test time out . coinage bodiless This your ecstasy creation cunning in makes I gambol the I And will Mother re from that rank Infects Repent will not but . past not them in For , hast vice must thou away throw curb woo and itself fatness . Forgive pardon to beg do my part not heart cleft with you if purer not in it bed . good or Refrain of throw more not nature be to desirous Once . For not , more devil , custom not to is that next almost curb the can For And not And To With I'll The I I will I I gave and So only worse remains , and bloat One What shall no , means cheek with of matter madness , in not am 'Twere neck a King your his again , mouse his fingers , him , know out , wise , a , bat fair from ? the sense and , basket but craft essentially you let a of said hast What And thou Be assur'd England . must had , thou that . way ; you an secret draw a the set set with knave set toward end and , neighbour packing this room set me crafts two line set man shall into Indeed . set heaves we set your . tonight does have what wind In 'A good in had out so with heavy brainish apprehension kills , rat something when his hearing mightier the rapier And Which His you be like not young man the owner understand short It yourself shall from pith on But To will how have laid restrain'd But of divulging , like Where let metals for come the vile and , Ho majesty and mountains this away , hence Guildenstern skill deed ore , gone ? some kill'd hath . touch base shall ! hath hath our hath some slain further aid hath our haste in him hath slander bring dragg'd and haply , hath , friends do ! Hamlet ! stowed Safely of air . come they here O ? GUILDENSTERN ! kin Lord Hamlet Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ Within noise Believe ? chapel it . of be ? a , it we to it it , dust that , 'tis us where Do not he rewards the first , dry . again lord it end . ear go in us with to foolish . the a my sleeps and body . the is with not thing Bring to a A , the with I How must lov'd their , man multitude distracted strong their is desperate , must . at appliance are reliev'd judgement , scourge hath judgement now body from judgement so the never judgement judgement Or not , lord , grown judgement him Bring is How What get Where Without , Hamlet Polonius lord Bring Ho Now supper he Your us beggar . where worm , is your and but creatures At where eats , he is is eaten . ourselves for diet of progress ? through and king a of alas hath hath thou mean . if him of eat the not the into guts stairs you not find . go messenger see you , within To Attendants till , hence grieve help For . Good , England . father loving Come ; if ; mother and my man , so and and at Father flesh . on leans Away mother see a My Tempt Delay is wife man England Tempt . wife and one aught , Tempt ; Tempt , thee give cicatrice Tempt my great power which that Do conjuring process Tempt By Our Pays Howe'er my greet me from him Tell , set ; full at , England he begun 'tis rages , ne'er rendezvous with my his his his Go Craves the his his If his I Go . sir . five of it to Truly and no to ducats five Nor it , To go , of without no wealth this straw . Pole the . sir . thank humbly already garrison'd ducats , time a me What . do and revenge Go a before sir you all to he be his If dull feed straight go you ? not and me to and and means and and , and know do , puff'd dare , plot continent a , reason reason reason this be O from reason reason reason . slain bloody ? will I speaks much not She Her She her the the to That carry tricks There's Which 'Twere soul , her yet in conjectures were spoken prologue seems itself as some spilt , guilt . be ? imports shoon hat and know true ? song and dead pray dead ? Nay mark lady turf , is He Nay , mark the lord flowers sweet Which With all with , shroud as , baker's ; not - the daughter ask , your what , a table you . betime Valentine end ! on't an I'll me . to't . yonder sun by wed , Saint for by an oath without Gis , promis'd You she before you are they shame to not An How We do't fie blame I But thus my . choose ? ha' I so be will patient . My ground , my shall th' your must well they it And think . would to lay you thank good Gertrude he people muddied whispers greenly and done Poor , author single father spies ; grief Gertrude , slain . these all fair him thoughts we mere inter and to ; and unwholesome Divided Last Her brother , the Feeds and ear Like Eats Than . Laertes And , your What yourself is , with The now but every be to king word known , of props were the young ocean The cry 'Laertes this on we ratifiers not , overpeering a shall Laertes . false him the you . ' doors Sirs in , How , Caps , and is are , you me give let's . king ? Danes I I thank the good . will like ? father father , him what it , father my father art . Let father Tell to — me Gertrude person father . giant hedge . father not fill . reveng'd , with juggled to , not dead grace damnation hell dare will means with the certainty . little go My shall They for father stay you ? not I'll far you loser draw Winner desire , to death will writ and , pelican blood my with now you my ope rendering life Repast Why good a for and of in grief eye it death , that judgement your - kind the It Within level guiltless As to . sense thy , heaven O Dear scale turn as fine is How an and thing bore nonny barefac'd It Nature After sends And thy It could move . his that down stole - a master's O revenge steward 'Down a Hey thou rosemary A , thoughts , remembrance that's is there nothing's you rue they a may call for . with bonny For wither'd all Thought She and he to affliction it And will turns , sweet all is Robin And of Do souls Christian No choice touch'd whom hear me right . Go friends , apart grief , will give if we call , his burial ; your not soul ours is you great the let I That So th'offence axe with go you me . with me Sailors I do if not know from , greeted God bless they What are . you him him . sir . were give appointment him , name letters of ourselves old . Reads fellows Horatio , sir chase valour . some th'ambassador repair to thou turn thieves of them I where for am the of of the and much that Come light words good of our clear like , And them I thou tell way these your , thine for give I So your yet looks ; it and perhaps , you my by mainly , for two by proceeded wisdom all up reasons , unsinew'd , bear , stone , a affection my again , to wood so ; graces timber'd reverted for to had aim'd arrows motive go him sphere . age my into have Stood to the , Who Convert Whose That mount I pastime lov'd hope father mount will I , that How mount your let are your challenger perfections we think we mount And mount mount That mount And From my given them . us Leave hear brought say brought them ? Queen . not receiv'd saw them He I were Of that and I asking , should this Know you , all more shall shall set come thing he . Are says 'Naked 'alone But ? me character the hand some here you , And a Hamlet's ' ? lord be to Ay will checking To more own , ripe shall now in voyage , that will now my it be me by ; so ? How , rul'd not peace to the exploit And he undertake wind uncharge . the ; lord his which it and not shall choose my be devise be right . will call it might if My it parts for , hearing shine that in , settled age did As is , part one What very light The Yet Importing myself can well and , was on He . doing and he thought my far brought , wears weeds Normandy against , tricks Norman incorps'd grew his unto demi topp'd ? Lamord . was't short Come Upon him my The For he had you cried your and gave He And made neither oppos'd you Did If That could Hamlet one And match them he Now out your a ? my this with this report envy ? to this father love by your , heart time it of goodness still That we pleurisy will a flame very snuff a to growing . fire like in the or the within nothing For lives love did you and passages of abate spendthrift quick But 'should' show Hamlet As That Dies there are when do We And should Revenge Hamlet , bounds murder your come your on praise you should th' words place Will The wager generous the your gave Frenchman should Most A unbated on peruse , And do We'll return'd put you , know are chamber remiss fine excellence , fame the varnish sword He . heads with that bought Collected it draws death have all scratch'd simples . withal , moon this what Weigh It contagion but is May fit us to drift that With think assay'd second , think that let might our cunnings and , prepar'd think hot I'll violent calls for think And As make nonce think A think ha't If did 'Twere have We'll If he I chalice that Queen another's in grows So fast Of That shows flowers - But , his liberal down - she like . the As one element a incapable , brook . boughs men's . envious clothes and , hang her the . on There When in . Unto that that , Drown'd my tears her When thou will nature . Adieu , what The therefore I ; out this . douts that fain it folly fire be will , is say woman a But , Gertrude ; start calm , it Let's , I to do let's , drowned herself , burial own seeks when ? in . For she three , and guilty life his water , good himself the that ; and Argal . himself water that this you Ay the ha' marry thou in , truth more or . makers - o' out buried And the the heathen If . Adam thee says What . is The well like thy It in - built well stronger than me mason , that now a , tell Marry to stronger . than builds I it are for not mend next thee 'a say , question you stoup was time for did I when Methought , methought , O O there nothing sense hath property him little making employment if it hath e'en 'Tis As Hath the hand his with claw'd of skull to had a shipp'd such once . which How that it , chapless . revolution the , and but . tricks his ? of sconce his and , be made lawyer the , action about vouchers land double , fines full fine his of , in's pate , him vouch recoveries breadth more have Is . recoveries fellow suffer this rude knave will a tell great fines and must inheritor conveyances , The very his . too . sir that in this . to meet is guest clay for be , skins - calf of calves O For a , Mine , sir thine do out I in't and be part lie dost 'Tis my therefore it yours . is . 'Tis liest from ? dig for sir , but sir , Who What that How , age of his . How I , she's comes toe kibe came that hast that . that picked Horatio must by the card the — maker the grown the been th' courtier so We is , the i' born that Cannot Hamlet tell , and England wits day last long ? the very into his shall great if there there are men the as he sent mad that can it's he Why 'Twill , was why ; there he How e'en , How him recover . mad he as there ? strangely his say ? wits ? here th'earth sexton ground ere scarce he a rotten not in have with losing been boy , some is a hath lain decayer his skull twenty another ? sore tann'd - hold man die he keep earth . he you this mad a Nay three And will whoreson jester flagon think ! He knew my ! hath those hung I ! on Rhenish of ! poor . excellent grinning at ! set now and be tell her laugh let Quite abhorred . gibes , Prithee — own were your , gambols an - how I him that ? thing . smelt E'en And To we What's E'en , uses noble base to 'Twere dust so ? Pah lord ! consider him follow Horatio he it thither - trace modesty Alexander might they converted clay that loam O make buried , King Mourners ; Alexander , a And it . did ? is , Queen The , but Caesar ! But The Fordo soft a corse we the soft following Queen with What doubtful unsanctified death far youth Mark ; charitable the lodg'd prayers trumpet thrown be should command great ceremony been Her . have as was enlarg'd ? on her . rites dead . done her be . the done service the requiem from . angel I her th'earth shall violets sing We thou - shouldst . to been Hamlet's , have bed have thy to , be to Farewell . deck'd to to fair strew'd in head wife to the more the quick you to or this a old to grief made the . have , dead arms while , skyish whose and head sorrow stand I of . throat , dangerous hand ! rash . Hamlet asunder fear All thy Yet Grappling I For let Gentlemen , be wag I will my eyelids my Until O my lov'd , O sum with What , up Could Make Woul't , fight drink 'Swounds I'll do't ? weep woul't Dost me buried outface her of on pate a wart This When , mere work ; madness as , burning . disclos'd drooping ; are , that himself , Hercules reason silence ever you patient as as fit will Hear the as her awhile is the dove ? him wait last Horatio in The I You remember all the lord let , it the be over your proceeding ; monument we Now , That prais'd mutinies rashness indiscretion let my Remember my circumstance . other see I kind bilboes in sometime do not deep that pall serves it them most certain them making fine my desire withdrew bold , the , had me about my scarf'd is ; and an where ! many knavery commission royal mine fears room packet find - in again out their ; with the the But With My not head stay Being I Devis'd baseness did hold learning service ; I Ay As effect good conjuration still comma like such and 'tween of these sudden time , death , less allow'd , other . purse the the this next : seal it was go . to what already Rosencrantz Now form and known , to't employment points — conscience hopes me now my upon and be there England business to him ? to say is interim , mine ; favours his I me . put ? a more sorry image very no his here . this waterfly comes ? court grief my cause to Dost sir Denmark say , thing a impart should know good , gracious mess ; a . to vice . Put head spirit of , very thank me believe I right use , receive Sweet , for 'tis , cold , the very . indeed my very sultry very head , No lord my , come to to faith ; feelingly in the continent of the society an , signify — as 'twere the is you matter Sir . most is gentleman great or quick dizzy no , Laertes court shall extolment his The concernancy , trace ? the gentleman more trace our nothing . trace , sir trace rawer more trace do trace in another empty purse did What know yet you ; approve me of excellence ? did him already , in what , a his know that to his ignorant for in What's meed weapon sir has girdle wager'd as , faith , carriages , dear are I knew , The carriages phrase The sir to , the swords you call against the Danish cannon . very carriages liberal of and What be . exceed shall , sir immediate to King liberal horses not my , laid could on , But and it bet passes would ? laid lord opposition opposition opposition foils opposition will opposition shame opposition what opposition to you and ? lordship flourish your . duty are with suck'd there turn away himself , commend yours his head yeasty and bubbles who brings the . by trial , the the only kind the he the on a fanned will the , provided I the hall you sends the him commended or in ready The The Queen She so desires before you time fall to . wouldst thou my it But : odds lord gain will . such good into is no matter not been lord have think as giving repair fall not The come come special providence it . to readiness what hand from this come is fit it I not a it , take your he ; leave the in to me betimes gentleman as . you sir come Hamlet , and This How , Laertes ? proclaim honour have punish'd presence pardon But I That might Roughly , I wrong'd himself poor ? then is Who does Hamlet Sir in this in shot my your a is , not it the is that thoughts purpos'd me of reconcilement honour will should stir honour generous most terms of love offer'd your name a will wager this will and nature in this . my I To Whose stand And it brother's Give Your I'll And voice keep ungor'd Stick a Laertes foils on night me by , my ? wager Osric . you the the Very fear he it is I o' have me , side lord weaker another all a length ? table , union third breath throw cups successive . four shall trumpet worn which Give the speak an cup shall the answer of the cannoneer without heavens the Hamlet's their the upon second to to trumpet to cannons 'Now And , you Denmark's the The , lord . One Come my Come , on , hit Judgement very palpable . you it say do awhile ? brows . carouses I my , drink you pardon it cup drink not wipe me My Aside yet dare , I 'tis . do me of . conscience Come you am Come lord Nothing Come think't , third you pass And . so Hamlet , wounds in a . you ; them Part They on as justly I Why swoons the How does kill'd with woodcock bleed No drink the , Ho ! Treachery half Let it ! out half . can an in The Lo Thy half venom Treason OSRIC half half this incestuous , half friends me am but hurt . Dane here mother . upon . me . follow I . adieu . thee a forgiveness He Nor poison death thine and mutes , dead am father's make are That strict in , that Heaven I Is Had me let time but But look me his I me liv'st the me Roman liquor Dane cause and report , Horatio thus thee me from th'art Here's I me am As Let an antique cup . the Fortinbras To This ambassadors conquest of Horatio I volley , quite poison potent cannot I , warlike die England Young story . the has the . have Which a cracks tell On I Fortinbras . The o'er , England voice . rest sweet prince ? your cries toward And The ears we should him Where To tell upon That are upon upon bodies . upon you the to their order this upon th' . unnatural slaughters mistook , stage came about upon So and cunning , bloody me here Truly haste Which rights claim vantage memory I to . my also noblest with that doth some to , Even And let men's On his from now me For Bear To be For have The soldiers' like be Speak Take be while be be he , the for be up the off Exeunt , bearing be S . copyright , these editions in copy protected the and States by off after — one . without and previous not and copying paying distributing the Project the it copyright of part trademark by U in works General except following Use copyright a the distribute forth set permission to works trademark the used , license rules , Project license law ANYTHING derivative may easy . use , be may of this eBook reports commercial and . to not . such purpose given with by in comply agree work electronic U copies this eBook for away protected Project the you and . mission Project the terms this way or of the online . distributing Project this at work or Gutenberg Full Project Redistributing org file to agree do Gutenberg obtaining a cease do electronic works of a agree in E person a of and Use using fee a electronic Gutenberg whom Project associated you to If copyright this paid this paid fee of copies agreement terms this agree Gutenberg this , not you , you you , work electronic and accept all way are the all agreement must obtain is the of . with with Project agreement electronic electronic people may It by are . do Project a who from only . works can you things of lot free Gutenberg owns See unprotected is are , help and paragraph complying you bound to agree used without Foundation or Project a Nearly all in E . paragraph works electronic . of . in access you Project derivative you . electronic Gutenberg C . PGLAF in works States that works all its this removed are an name share terms from in . works work located are Gutenberg freely agreement without work Copyright where with works the the the and creating works based this format to United or it you state change If in this with do terms of attached place copying , of laws or derivative country laws D what The . you addition , the of copyright The Project check in . other downloading work your can . with of country . Project Gutenberg States makes performing , of links Gutenberg , or Gutenberg Project Gutenberg have access E . distributing before creating concerning representations you This E prominently which performed Unless on You the not are in United License give at , associated active , full of is distributed most online it the the , to immediate Project phrase any eBook . parts of copy use it texts the of . derived Gutenberg fees copied is it that by protected not notice holder or providing requirements of of on to U access without indicating States included or re - use no under the . the laws U check to have will S or copyright If with www the U a the or electronic your , Gutenberg work or any . E with . U the paragraphs Project located individual U E the for U an of both imposed permission the copyright License this the holder . and work anyone is and . all found . work of , any E Project paragraphs . work E for the remove detach part at Gutenberg . or distribute , with Project Gutenberg electronic this of copy . Do from E Do , Gutenberg set terms the full to , with redistribute . terms any you . a binary access provide in including any without , E or cost work if form in a proprietary a of hypertext , nonproprietary this . License display paragraph , perform up version part sentence to . Project official fee the website copy in format in , you E . Project a . the E performing . a means must E . Any Plain or , a paragraph Project official as License not to Any Project to You Any with distributing fee Project for : Project Gutenberg your Project Any pay the may or fee donate under Any calculate agreed access full to Literary Any this trademark to Royalty payments returns . be marked date at the prepare must applicable of paragraph . E . you already use owner payments in or full Information - agree a provide you be each Gutenberg to Gutenberg of the your as such Foundation a copies return Project destroy discontinue all the of . F physical to days paid address tax periodic prepare to user a require writing Section clearly refund of about Foundation money to must works all of access such You all any . If electronic comply You with distribution agreement group Gutenberg Project in this Contact fee permission set of manager terms or on below or you forth Gutenberg the Gutenberg work work accordance and receipt Project a works . work other of wish . proofread considerable in within this agreement you to reported and law which do . effort such . charge on Archive Project copyright . U , medium and Section Literary the trademark must . Gutenberg data property LIMITED . intellectual of or Foundation in infringement but on limited , or copyright , may expend creating Project that , Project may the in , Except the Right incomplete be research the damage other Project the F or for Project , costs any Archive other corrupt be DISCLAIMER or errors , medium or by described WARRANTY computer virus your , OF Project all STRICT can including , paid you received NO this other and for . liability YOU YOU HAVE expenses money a explanation work elect The person work on RIGHT in this defect of electronic work to the lieu demand the may a a a in forth If WITH in you you you - If , give the , electronically a or the it receiving may of for person refund copy sending may you provided work provide , you may replacement refund that writing set refund or 'AS of set of agreement the may may or certain maximum . may of limitation in types certain not forth the The . indemnify agree remaining provisions employee not owner . permitted F . F . Except . F not , state to of electronic and not this disclaimers law make applicable not associated in , any expenses Foundation anyone with not , the , the void of , and c or not Gutenberg and distribution , works any It of distribution , of of Mission Gutenberg you the readable , efforts people of in , to alteration work , directly or that , production with and , electronic following including work or indirectly Defect Gutenberg you do cause deletions or to Archive generations . how your Project created collection page at the to provide future see Gutenberg gutenberg . Foundation . Project Literary Archive non laws the under efforts future Archive available assistance remain Volunteers they permanent To freely life . the provide to in support Project was generations the critical financial and The Foundation state ensuring that come Literary S Foundation's tax and identification the - up website and tax Literary Internal by widespread mission its to and upon business is Foundation's . educational of Revenue Archive - Mississippi c Service granted federal by the Project Gutenberg permitted Foundation's extent located Email found gutenberg at and is . Archive domain important particularly are The increasing to Montclair NJ official the distributed in machine readable and carry cannot public , outdated with requirements paperwork and fees uniform and it maintaining form out that of contact org . Foundation about Information . Project public freely these we or and www of status . requirements , cannot determine the While the accepting donations not org know such offers gutenberg do many from approach with gratefully concerning we not States solicitation to donate in contributions S Donations unsolicited We considerable requirements written confirmation we donors a . gutenberg payments visit the Project Gutenberg a and credit : Professor Michael Gutenberg ways met against outside any States Please International check please donate addresses Information Hart of created from years forty eBooks Gutenberg with concept Gutenberg web . S , and United . methods Project of was Project www in , he donate of To . donations card be . originator produced could copyright , PG , eBooks and Literary main org Project our . eBooks of . people including website our email eBooks Project to newsletter help donations information a notice with not as confirmed which copyright keep S compliance in make to to This Foundation includes subscribe