King Stand unfold hour . at much For 'Tis most You am And Have this Not , Horatio night good , Dane . them ground liegemen to has Holla , is piece A Give . good soldier , this nothing . night . come him seen hold fantasy take seen 'tis have , us of , twice him of this along have sight dreaded us Therefore I the again our and to it appear . myself that from , beating Look , figure off then , star same Where Had Peace Most art same In it Looks Horatio not art ? like like What In march it ! not this tremble ! I speak and something you more , God , will and fantasy ! speak ! believe avouch ! parle an at jump , before So Thus twice He But least image even whisper that - inform with labourer ? by a by That Who whose . haste day , of him , compact , those his lands all to heraldry seal'd pride moiety as been Against the so Did Which forfeit slay Did To the vanquisher carriage to unimproved the ; King our sir ; gaged His For food a That And So Hath Was hath Shark'd Of fell in up a Hamlet The source post may it haste portentous e'en other be our no that through armed the preparations this , figure like of but is trouble so rummage in King so : land and watch . eye wars streets the in tenantless and graves gibber Roman of star eclipse with . moist dews Julius and mightiest of , dead Rome , comes together and , illusion of use done , to , thing good Speak sound blast , to to privy ease . country's may thy foreknowing O happily thou Or they , treasure say of in ! and my it not here 'Tis here It , that fearful offer , We do it is our to started summons shrill guilty , the have , crew the when , like , earth , the of erring , fire And , ever crowing . on faded object and in his air warning sounding hies herein . truth comes cock that 'gainst birth and , they bird say are hallow'd nor , is night stir strike , season . duty . conveniently most loves we Where our shall us what we impart Though As and fitting morning know , I this shall Cornelius Together with contracted hearts Laertes , and and grief on with our us woe , dole marriage dirge now queen , gone in delight have wisdoms along weak that , follows Now Or affair to Holding wife scale nor this to 'twere weighing ; supposal our be state Our He hath his most valiant , with dream all time . frame his dear late you For , all , of Fortinbras disjoint father and uncle bed nephew's and business is of full in are here and we all the that . So of us those surrender to of message , have Fortinbras here meeting him : of hears : rid : brother much for levies the . your . heartily . duty duty we commend allow than power Norway . Dane with . our ? asking heart , done coronation to Denmark , to What is shall head the throne wouldst in Your in and thou lord Dread in thoughts now Yet Have in thy in in , best hour Laertes it at in be son and time in leave to me from wrung ? petition I will laboursome my , his Upon father's you seal'd graces , fair Take But now And little it and hang you the sun , die off on , than my that , lord Good let thine for Do ever eye for noble with like thy , father clouds seems mother breath , grief , indeed These man might ; a . which that To For with , No suspiration the inky river haviour moods truly within have the must give That you To do filial a stubbornness shows A An the vulgar must our common , to to us of throw today to cried , earth hath died take our throne , back most going It Here in beseech In cousin cousin cousin I Be cousin pray cousin Let mother , us cousin , reply . cousin away fair cousin a Denmark cannon No This as His and Or Oh all , self this too That dead . on't two Possess Fie grows But seed That fie , flat O fix'd O ! melt would resolve weary stale the , an rank nay a he face might excellent to As think reason even father's those , and — tears . ere Frailty increase ? too of yet appetite . beteem satyr months — not that would earth hang grown — heaven thy shoes my more Within . salt Ere father's longer all God O little not With me what fed month which A Like Had With It Hail to left the to ; I my , not O your come sheets ! to . must hold : well ! see servant my lord , with good my from see faith disposition not truster of your are know in , make . lord — ear I prithee it not , Thrift , Indeed , I thrift To Against But came I mock see fellow , follow'd hard funeral father . coldly Did I my Would My I had had — furnish met I my seen my my In once he mind's a , My The the lord , Saw I admiration till for I deliver Season In slow at stately and fear them and their oppress'd , and A Barnardo middle of like figure , waste together God's For nights Marcellus Been the Armed Appears by length with the not third deliver'd . they them and the had , I , Almost his dreadful thing comes My hands are But lord And But Itself answer made it : as in sight away ; I morning our speak would . crew lifted head it like it shrunk , 'tis of down it . my , My Then O lord he you , my , lord he frowningly from saw more countenance very Most his pale I It would constantly there you ? you much . a much tell would , with much much much beard I A as much , I 'twill much again much , itself you still ; silence but requite Give I Upon whatsoever you If it speak And Let an the arms some the earth , foul play in mine would , farewell . honour to father's all Till Though And My , sister o'erwhelm are let . embark'd benefit of toy fashion and and Hamlet A a it me And as winds Farewell , nature , more no perfume , suppliance youth sweet of . and the , primy more No The more of a , now but is , nor you birth not will subject soil weigh'd he himself himself sanctity and will does not ; The now And virtue withal . his ; besmirch , you loves circumscrib'd of this of health therefore May Than the in his wisdom . choice voice particular deed head the Unto you lose If Fear or The of Out And or it Then his voice loss in keep she The or or or or or or Be not to watchman th'effect my Do Whilst me I shall like a steep as primrose , path puff'd heart some thorny ungracious . and and of his recks not is But double aboard of , a upon . these . Give , unproportion'd and soul with by , their no precepts thy , unfledg'd quarrel precepts may th'opposed precepts ; palm precepts few hast precepts , but being thy . precepts Beware in precepts : precepts ; and gaudy , that station be and edge the both a husbandry be ; you your my servants . tend , of you audience private 'Tis of Have it that be And If hath hath between you my understand caution been to he — hath of do your it hath is way behoves , affection speak in hath hath believe Unsifted ! What hath hath you Do I Marry Of lord , That do not , you'll not crack . Tender you'll , My you'll he In you'll you , you'll Ay And you'll Ay in you'll Even the blood almost you'll , you'll , fashion , hath given , springes the When , believe dye ; that tether , you him . and pious for moment Lord leisure : time forth all , air and an ? is it lacks What think , Indeed It ? I heard the wont lord ? near draws to my his , mean upspring his reels ; the Rhenish the and his and drum drains pledge thus rouse . marry , my And manner Ay I am is't Is to This They mind it oft in for their birth vicious of his origin , guilty them at it swinish : a native here , reason of complexion , defect these much , manners , livery — substance The take corruption of a they or habit down their the some nature some As breaking plausive say else in that Doth all To , Look virtues Being From His Be Bring I thee dead again , hideous cerements thee ponderous we canoniz'd , in thee , in Dane royal burst bones why ; O I'll . ignorance . Wherein Hath saw quietly and What and of their thy burst Making night beyond it To It Say , waves It Why not what , set should at the life Being me beetles o'er the there And What That Without draw place more looks so Or It And on You you assume deprive It waves many hears it roar fathoms into sovereignty brain not . lord hands . body go cries ghost fate call'd make — ghost heaven , I ghost 'tis him ghost , that ghost follow imagination ghost I'll ghost ghost . further no him I'll flames up to My is thy unfold to hear am bound To not , Alas I Must hour ghost ! shalt spirit fast that I am , blood young , thy days confin'd to term thy certain day a am I for Doom'd father's , fires of in - spheres word from , must not list hair particular . thy father in best strange as , foul Murder , or the that to Haste me I meditation most sweep I , May know't be than on thou . father's Wouldst A From marriage hand even and whose wretch her of never will be to that shameful have the lust . power that gifts won seeming to a love was in with was of , mine milk the ; crust , dispatch'd hand once sin , and about it horrible on horrible in bed and O nature imperfections , all Let thou horrible With thee royal mind thy And And Adieu glow prick to All shall ? grow not Remember I O couple And you thou this I'll of youth all from may observation , it . Yes , alone all commandment and observation observation pernicious , fond of trivial observation brain villain heaven ! my observation be a it observation word observation to . lord observation , MARCELLUS sworn't have I It observation HORATIO My So one I least , you are , So be . my lord . Hamlet Lord Heaven him ! secure my , lord ! come bird lord is't How you'll would then , be , my Not No MARCELLUS arrant an . in dwelling Denmark . the . come . my secret lord grave i' circumstance shake my for and — is it as Such These I'm wild every For as I so Why , I'll ; your without and , I'll I'll , I'll I'll . lord my pray . I'll I'll I'll We seen tonight what request lord MARCELLUS you swear't not , lord in . Swear stage there . indeed Cries sayst , thou hear on Come ha Propose sword Swear by . that have you . lord my seen . Swear sword upon we'll Beneath ubique Hic Never Well And Come hands that , our ground give more as in stranger night work have , this speak lay but this heaven more as before things a therefore , bear think , me disposition shall help come you Horatio , this some could if might' , mercy so never soe'er , strange , Or , Or 'Well we pronouncing , ambiguous speak' know' by we So love his what With rest do fingers your , willing The is out ever I your O cursed right , is to So gentlemen me . Beneath do shall so come And poor Rest May And Nay , Reynaldo notes , nearer , Reynaldo . this touch knowledge it him friends his , he's you my well very 'twere as you thus , part in And As in Addicted if't him' him you dishonour , may such youth and ? go lord may You scandal to ; on him so ; quaintly . dishonour swearing , lord My That's You he not as The general my lord ? of warrant , son my on sullies a my is here's lord believe laying thing slight soil'd him Having you youth you in or prenominate the or ' sir man and phrase country ? I . leave did Where 'gentleman in gentleman I , or such yesterday with falling him , 'I There was he or directions with find my By With Shall And Your , thus : 'I know and in's o'ertook lecture or takes of windlasses thus enter , do a tennis' , at there out a by You . I , his ply music . the lord . matter , chamber unbrac'd my stockings in out piteous gyved his all knees before of ? know What , for horrors said length the to falls his to by such last And with goes me do not other the his his my bulk , me help . go , turn'd me he , over went ecstasy fordoes hard you did of sorry heaven am but his His sorry I my quoted that am I had And I This Of Our Welcome , that dear we much to I the What Hamlet's we nor Since hasty need sending ; from so vouchsafe neighbour'd ; Some ; And ; That since To ; Good And your our service freely in the us command into , you , my Norway Are amen and . lord return'd good . good news good . Assure , duty my hold God — do to hath As O speak Thyself tells The fair my we , shall , what sift friends and Norway ? brother desires to out , Voltemand , better sickness , sends and Norway ; borne your look'd a against into in out , brief arrests obeys fine , shown further in his he hand age from Makes So To Receives Gives And levied With , as likes us set of therein It our regards you employ overcome against uncle arms , of old three commission Norway soldiers Polack fee before the this and enterprise give to safety down we'll consider'd time ; are dominions think your is and liege This your we Answer And , and at night On Therefore Why thank , night what duty is is . time . together feast . business should majesty to waste , is nothing tediousness be is't call day day it farewell Mad let 'tis him the rather we defective cause cause out , and of I true for , this cause . mine — remains , effect this use figure . 'tis art foolish is , gather , mark most hear phrase soul's vile have have have have surmise have is beautified have ; that have to truth the sun stars her . have to have I these never the to I a , will be faithful . to . is me , him believe not machine , doubt O love . reckon art Adieu , my my my ear my to my show'd means . love ? my my my my , dumb round : bespeak , that , to star , of tale a into into fruits herself messengers she no thus I I ? upon my had heart think my 'Lord must That positively such a have be may It Into all we 'tis , time said I if find indeed lead this I When from may indeed then not her love he If . from reason , state thereon his farm We no loose him , a and arras try it for my carters an keep But me be Mark look a the do him board where you Well Lord reading . man so lord picked man lord my , of thousand ten , would Honest as the if a in breed For world ? this , daughter a being a , Yet gone very , he but kissing ? look , a daughter read for . grey a was I — words Between him I . again to potently you slave yourself most beards Slanders slave the slave yet weak tree ; I slave slave and For slave sir gum hams , slave . that - plum slave that Indeed replies believe , Though you this . air the , is lord ? pregnant method his . hits . humbly me life from anything between that I , lord fools . old meeting take life willingly more my except sir , you . my , These the Lord he ! lord dear honoured My go to My most ! lord , happy - button over the very ? earth her the her in . my , or middle of her we true she is Let . question strumpet honest is O , that that me . friends you that Then that What have , Prison to that prison wards worst th' . that that being there is Denmark's she that my not that sends good prison that ; makes to ambition Why then your it that have bad narrow , are indeed shadow ; ambition in bounded were so it none I infinite dreams A so , be 'tis . To nutshell I dream light and ambition dream itself shadow's airy but bodies beggars Shall we . hold I Truly shadows matter to and like you and and To speak such Then are and our and . I and it ? me . and a halfpenny a and , we , lord sent ; you , there is speak ? have sent Queen your were You . looks , no Is Come the . anything , kind of by must Is . fellowship you enough say my for and conjure you the of of a dear me . direct , lord I Guildenstern To then by . me our what for by ? If . for off My ; the I indeed you me all my o'erhanging discovery I hold , feather with reason congregation , of your prevent my , and shall why know King to and the apprehension moving than me the so lost goes , fretted , And yet air , to look is to man , how no , the what woman . neither entertainment thoughts ; my how of this , way and . offer service shall the his — his welcome shall adventurous ; sigh the hither of shall clown make king plays My lord , Why lord from you then when , use man such city take . players freely , lungs What in delight by comes profit they to you the and me the shall her , say for't mind shall are or they the both . ways , Are tragedians of the of was in is there but out . the it , not , estimation the innovation rusty the ? of fashion come are and call ; they now on grow indeed that quills maintains to ? as not say is wrong writers players Will — they it How can no than their their ? little the afraid ? no means much for been make longer Who they if they most , if , afterwards like their tarre argument no , there lord and King Hercules in little , 'Sblood . twenty load carry carry and forty too . carry Denmark find carry , carry his carry philosophy if . carry out the to welcome carry Elsinore my uncle father for players . me extent fashion to my more my , outward , of , Gentlemen welcome But are and Your , the players entertainment . There is are you lest should - dear and . In appear garb welcome this are fairly my uncle a wind is lord , what from be Well - with , you Happily will lord sir twice : I Monday . indeed was tell players . Mark so Roscius . Rome an actor , poem historical or for the . and , a These , ' . more no well , my , hadst , Jephthah , like to first The are welcome , thee , last and last ! friends . altitude not We'll uncurrent by of all see have a , e'en straight , passionate . speech a speech Come be your beard old I am Thy is like . my , I remember not it , of , top mine received was I with set the as pleased never ? give . quality was heard , whose , well remember was by loved where was , was cunning . he was speaks not was Pyrrhus The memory and affectation , was . was the , One phrase no were said in digested very one nor , savoury of author , Aeneas' this chiefly With When he Head the complexion foot , horse smear'd Pyrrhus . with , seeks proceed carbuncles Roasted and , and , fire , accent , discretion sword and , will , tyrant seem'd on the th'air his i' milky his wide sword , lo hideous head to a declining neutral we as But silence The A As the sets him forg'd falls on Cyclops' for ! away take , region death rend , In all the As is This bowl to Break out armour than Fortune Pyrrhus' , hammers bleeding Priam . proof eterne her her heaven beard he Prithee bawdry say . on sleeps — the down and as the spokes on good robe and . Hecuba come That's Who In mincing saw would tongue treason themselves all and lank the up 'Gainst she gods Pyrrhus her eyes made , then heaven limbs , tears in's sword . the in the move th'alarm in seen sword clamour them did , sword had things made And well soon , sword husband's malicious sword sword burning his passion not at sword eyes Good them . sword sword you have abstracts and rest the out no . their bad live ? brief have thee speak were the players they your well used My After I Use better is merit them much ? Use your use according to their desert after man 'scape friends We'll your after You , old night play Murder of tomorrow ? speech of some Gonzago insert a . leave him not , in't . and good my , look My You till , Ay Rosencrantz night Guildenstern . am am peasant , b' Good ; conceit passion here ! to the the should What's A Tears in to he That That I ? He the he for , For his , all eyes to or and the the Confound Make Had forms And cleave mad and a - very John , say whose me Upon , can off Tweaks , Ha , to Prompted , But To I this , That Must Remorseless what an whore my like a , Fie - my so struck the guilty About by Have Been They most Play something miraculous it like tent Before know I the . quick the I'll I'll to . the I'll murder observe If the yea very my is I'll potent my with . this damn I'll than catch I'll I'll I'll Grating so harshly turbulent With He will he cause does from Nor we Of But we with like would Niggard But of forcing of his his out him . him of Majesties . edge inclin'd and the see to true . purpose , To all entreat ; content and he And With my To shall hear gentlemen drive And so a further delights hither may seeing behav'd for of , their 'twere for lawful , he is judge no If't We of by I be And for your him good wildness to be obey encounter . myself suffers he thus beauties , you or love , colour please book , it . here Ophelia will Your Aside 'tis action doth that beautied that give we . to to deed ugly more loneliness That We 'Tis And lash The himself the How to The Whether And Or slings not nobler or be 'tis and in lord my , question the , rub , delay contumely of so whips , office insolence pangs That merit quietus takes , coil what long and proud the respect scorns man's unworthy would the bare dread sweat Who might the the . come may dreams death of sleep That For Must bear wrong of he bodkin makes undiscover'd that And thus And to the make rather us No Thus fly others ? law's of The Than To But The With does returns grunt and that cowards of those , And And The Ophelia of regard enterprises sicklied I of great the of of moment turn . sins currents you orisons . remember'd my ; longed , receive long lord I to re - not I gave never them the with things gifts That Ha these , and be if That ; is it what Ay into likeness it . a bawd power a did I my , commerce , paradox cannot loved . of the deceived I . wouldst not inoculate . old more more as do of father . between , earth Go ? or time I than shape thy fool ! thou if what this thee . you house , that . Farewell heavens for not make Farewell . escape shalt ! me To . made mad already a ! fair eye the mould of state as that here , vows and tune wretched ! most most most . most , see most most I see blown most that way not it There's with most determination hatch , he : have in our seas the the down demand shall expel different his , thus think But well . and us from need heard You We But shall origin neglected tell , all not it if all you grief be all If she find , alone after the as with entreat him ear play her please you be plac'd I'll Of the pray mouth , you it my but thus as , and a hear a rags , periwig , part most to to , temperance your the tongue beget , the . too not out - have ; word neither but . be discretion tutor with . your the to word , to scorn laugh Now own . unskilful pressure the her playing of the purpose as the 'twere the mirror up the image one be the in your I I the them the that made , be . those that there of ? my this uses piece lord of that them haste and to GUILDENSTERN What lord . work players make . thou As Here O my my , my advancement no and feed To For , one that with equal thanks . And co - rewards her Dost . buffets well that blessed Fortune's man , him heart , a blood That Whose sound in and suffers , finger wear . the circumstance a death . his thy my of occulted one comment act that comes , and my much - father's King please what not do play told of a is . I of of will foot , have ; to will . damned And I As not Even I Do after They are he Vulcan's stithy Give play must others and . Polonius , idle pay will I I . play the Get A . the , Queen these crammed with No have i' ; Polonius ? lord was Hamlet cousin the answer . and . I , Excellent promise nothing That did . I my I , him lord ; stay , do , good my , O shall I , the To lord mean No think you Do fair to nothing thought meant my . my I my my my , I my , Who my Nothing . my think That's my You merry are , I is , jig ! mother cheerfully you how , then , man's ! two twice 'tis two churches his life 'For epitaph or , O suffer But Then not for is him ' half forgotten have black , the Queen unto upon He fellow and and makes in comes , asleep head , returns , him Lays Anon pours the or his accepts in , passionate , bank a King's in , The again but play mischief . of argument the all this what For you us naught : it meant you tell fellow they show Be mark . to ? they'll , you'll naught are to shame that tell tell your to him I'll for the . of . tragedy our , are prologue As love or Tellus' Phoebus' and hath and did . bands Hymen twelve with my , wash times Full Neptune's the Since So again you neither Discomfort from us woe far That what women's , great , functions must operant thou And Honour'd powers live belov'd , shalt , shalt husband Such love For I is great their this haply breast . first . break bed in now we , oft , but kill do The kill second believe is but do kill But To fall kill in , to kill kill kill The kill What joy Where , enactures on aye with for a us world our down , you mark else yet our , should left his enemies love , flies friend try a : strange , lament accident , enemy hollow end Directly And , And poor love on never , his so I doth tend doth where their lord none ends are a to our thoughts thou wilt fates still second no when give food , trust my turn to think thy devices do heaven , my me of , pursue . awhile destroy ! pursue , pursue me leave and with day , sleep fain If . pursue rock come pursue Sleep dull sworn pursue Sweet pursue And should pursue twain would here The spirits deeply Have O , between too this you , methinks keep she'll but ? how they murder The shall majesty is This , anon ; gall'd we cost a — Begin croaking to off take you worse blasted , infected collected seeing , weeds fit drugs midnight , doth murderer creature thrice estate immediately wife . name's His of You . false rises What frighted my . lord light some me All lights . strucken lights . The must some runs the let forest while deer , turn shoes thou Would not fortunes this A For whole know dismantled , himself and very ghost's might take I'll ghost's O ghost's ghost's Why ghost's ghost's , For then ghost's , Come lord ghost's Sir some Ay some , marvellous some some sir , some retirement some Is some for , With sir , should me , wildly my affair , sir from in , am most to The mother , lord to Queen Good my your You a pardon business ? of . is my lord , say mother My rather or the ; wit's What courtesy not answer . Sir a you can wholesome , Therefore Then wonderful at the with speak she ten mother Have closet ere you . you any to . the further and pickers You griefs your the the ? of King for your is you . I , too bold if one me as love , you cannot . Will my , is pray you beseech , I me of to make harmony the are your most and it it mouth , and . lord my ventages any how seem you mystery and there now But , to would you ; my played cannot you ; can lord see , that's would in the you God By My me pipe . you sir you a a weasel . of a indeed like and by mother — I top friends . blood . ever be shent none . soul my , never To him his let I The terms to commission England his us of Out near of will We To keep feed mind of is the ; 'noyance whose upon and and spirit With from and our That those many your is safe . Majesty strength of majesty wheel things highest thousand which petty Attends Are huge annexment ; consequence a to pray I , Did Each and alone not That like ruin . with spokes it ; but with Fix'd What's on of , We will boist'rous adjoin'd small the King the you he's going haste . home , mother audience . ere upon vantage meet speech of call And A It my inclination be ! eldest rank murder is a brother's I'll tell defeats to What stand , Though stronger O , My I . guilt wash And to in itself where my strong business as I upon't smells will intent , sharp , hand brother's if pause in it past turn ; which this th'offence murder justice retain , I pardon'd corrupted wicked of ambition seen But 'tis so above itself my — by not there shuffling true is In My those That fault serve out There his to what O Yet Try what O that O limed To Bow Buys the , we the lies ? rests ! of Make ! well , do I'll might do't it be the . is . he reveng'd kills And Be stubborn as To Now his in heavy To know the in , And son am blown And my O A I heaven blown . this father audit his took all blown He When , blown crimes 'Tis blown But how blown blown blown he is drunk th'incestuous swearing pleasure or may in't at stays ; mother and heaven ; below . home to him silence screen'd lay stood . go heaven to thoughts without will warrant Within you him straight him And Much , Mother . Pray , Come , hear him much you , come thou , hast , what's thy you , go father idle . me matter Hamlet wife mother wicked an answer Have not Queen , those set the , You the forgot , ho ! What I you I'll then Come , You , sit till part , I murder help thou what me O what a rash bloody A As , and bloody wretched wring be against sense so , farewell — shall you thy I . rose the innocent Makes such of . an off blush act takes and face as mass and against and , sick oaths and Heaven's at what , me and - solidity so roars and and The very the and O the dicers' body and compound , visage tristful The what this presentment grace counterfeit Look a curls Mars like lighted New on like combination a and heaven - set assurance Look brother husband . you a follows to your blood ? humble judgement you sure , blood blood thrall'd choice - without hoodman blood at feeling eyes smelling true is blood blood , blood wax , blush , thy no shame sense sans sight all , sickly O Rebellious but without If but not of Stew'd As Nay rank , an sty more love enseamed honeying no me , sweat corruption the speak daggers in enter Hamlet a part of kings and A . not is precedent slave that and more A No lord ; the villain the ! shreds of patches with me would o'er ! he's Alas you Is Do , That to O look Conceit How , incorporal sleeping the And as Forth But That with your like end . thy pale to he ? me , alarm , convert speak ; you what Then this conjoin'd you of cool the heat and Whereon how perchance . piteous look glares for have ? Look My father look now out how look at habit hear ourselves away portal brain ! it he even there where is very your which the keep temperately - will matter from that trespass skin but not will Infects It That Lay the makes Is . re Bring unction but , I I gambol your Mother word to is not grace , the come . times , heaven weeds virtue good . twain , easy more stamp , next him out , eat doth evil is , habits To I The I I punish do wondrous abstinence the can curb potency next lend shall either use almost With , Not this by , no What will and , and . pleas'd this and , So begins gave him be cruel . their , worse , that again reechy , mouse , madness this you , damn'd matter you call , of , to out him sober his all ravel to you Make Such that's craft a pair cheek King your , bloat Let on neck I in a your own ? a , let , not 'Twere him ? sense and bat know , you , wise would secrecy so . basket like in words have to you Be And For I mandate letters forgot must I that ? know and 'Tis , Alack must I Whom now night with end and . you . These understand them lord , Mad us bloody deed everyone all we , to us shall short But young This Alas It The full to threats be . out . so a foul most and to feed it is kill'd some , madness life of very no . come , mineral Shows O'er Even To from sooner Gertrude sun O him with hath join . our all and countenance will ship excuse you go We weeps shall away some further majesty Ho , Guildenstern he dragg'd bring this , slander haply to friends , wisest in slain and from him the Come Go let what's as poison'd is woundless discord blank miss come his to may of the level air ! GUILDENSTERN and Safely . O . Hamlet ? come dead kin here . his the rewards , he mouthed in king to be a ? his but in a . what the such ; sir . like squeezing glad am I last them : an , authorities you of us . my not , thing King is speech not I it A go with us . body ! loose the goes that strong find The . and to the , law their is but . weigh'd distracted their of in 'tis like He's not dangerous I But And Yet . Diseases all scourge , judgement To desperate sudden This Deliberate But We dead him , know before us to get body By not How now bestow'd , hath befall'n , your ? my cannot Ho politic but , where Your supper he , is . worm him at all fat Not he are and table us to . else your one Now eats to That's ! alas is we eaten that that . hath by this ? that a of end , for of maggots dishes and messenger find not there not you Polonius him yourself place th'other i' heaven seek Nothing you thou mean him into . safety as if go up stairs is at , tend is quickness thou ready The we . done prepare wind — everything . if But Hamlet for England and one ; speed England man for wife . with him seal'd hence tonight haste . awe free raw looks not at thee thou thereof if power my leans , homage Our England for not on Since yet the present thou For must , sword cicatrice give and effect it . me hectic Howe'er my that from , were Danish the king Fortinbras . eye ; you . sir . Or main , no with little a five profit and , in against it The Goes Truly go hath five speak , gain to of Poland for pay debate thousand of much humbly I th'imposthume Yes Two , sold the never Polack souls it the already twenty and the , go lord and dies , Go . do What against little man a of beast large discourse market A ? feed with , no me my such and and good a is straight us live and will , quarter'd in do't have ever too three which To Bestial capability made oblivion , and before That fust thought Of thinking I I To And A Sith not honour's But Is for an greatly to to find . Rightly argument , then see death death , death shame death death men for , death plot time death death I her worth forth , doubt in father would hems have and sense use they it nothing beats and things , up the i' Which , Indeed good , ill breeding she thought yield may , doth is her , fit fit minds for fit might own fit fit . fit great some to to prologue soul Let fit come yet much . fit . is of Majesty full as artless , her , hat another sweet his what song mark Nay sandal one know ? shoon . you gone gone lady pray ? imports mountain his , shroud Larded Alas White lord . know do say what ! dild are , but not Conceit you have let's , a your maid I All is How They you up To he So would done me you wed me , come by oath an Ophelia ! I'll they to blame , bed are and Gis By By , Saint shame ! to't promis'd ha' must you good I ladies her will they ; this her the , And be well . it night All , his When battalions son Polonius' , sorrows is , it Gertrude slain , whispers and people he ; gone unwholesome are her inter to much containing as from fair or in , and their ; First the most violent ; done Poor , Ophelia , judgement him thoughts muddied , death buzzers wonder his not of keeps himself speeches pestilent Wherein ear wants necessity a Gives noise superfluous O me , stick my piece death , nothing to In Like ear of matter beggar'd , this places many ? Switzers with flats lord , my in . Laertes world , custom now were not And as offices young your Antiquity ratifiers 'Choose hands 'Laertes shall cry we , king and is , false you this king cry Danish trail it shall every but call a The of not to , the be , ' known king to applaud tongues ! counter the , Sirs me . O this is We my door . thou come give , will Keep O Laertes bastard harlot brow . true thy Even thank That Cries drop so Do hedge doth a ? cause , our king fear cause brands like cause it , cause the is cause cause Laertes - to cause . him ? juggled . cause devil be not , allegiance he ? Let is him . my negligence stand blackest pit , to point the . with to profoundest Vows dead this to To the for . be , give stay husband them world well and your revenge , friend . and If Laertes desire shall , far to dear your Of father's None you friends good Repast the Will , them life wide kind you of your , death speak pelican my . gentleman blood them then ope level as As most shall am It ! dry up , O heat does . shall , maid , beam and madness turn shall virtue that shall seven ? salt shall weight ! May paid mine shall . shall ? bier the shall , a hey shall many rain'd not and , wits call - tear dove persuade thus a him false the It thy well didst steward down revenge , O you would for thoughts , pray thoughts There's . it good when is all my come he to affliction favour not is as poll . again , ye . wi' hand collateral wisest your must God , to your so labour will that , we kingdom you you will us content obscure his earth — patience not , ours soul . it be nor nor as , sword , noble No No Cry And I th'offence you let they go you . go of from go come that they go , go would go go speak say if with for letters . if have for if is ; letter your , if if this for have if letters Ere we overlooked have if put if , sir . if too . bound . you know appointment a us got ; are England : too , Farewell their dumb letters they much I am compelled dealt to will course knowest to Guildenstern much and Rosencrantz have way that him my conscience acquittance And you he my hath proceeded , You were mainly for two your by As yet to Which Why But the star not as or That Lives you his , O by plague , are strong , wisdom safety much myself reasons , for . seem The either , his and soul sphere motive bear affection stone their not The I count public love the a dipping gyves reverted I noble had a I Would worth sister A perfections challenger Whose For her Stood so That not Break That we can it think father let made of beard , teach shook be revenge may terms again the flat stuff . You so must all go desperate driven we to From lord , They Sailors Reads kingdom were 'High . What it this first shall Hamlet's postscript you me such thing ? advise Can my very the It I That 'Tis a in warms shall live be so diest and 'Thus As how you it , me ; a peace own , lord , his , to . ' in my To at checking thine to his his which And But To for an more , he death And even lord My say Hamlet's of hearing pluck and unworthiest the did As What have been in the . it livery youth such that , my for careless age The Of , part very light and health Here myself a , Had witchcraft and can And As had such wondrous grew brought . A . did he my Lamord same well you exercise made He of masterly especially of indeed , all cried match out . The guard this , nor a sight , their him of . out , this my you of coming Hamlet he sudden could them scrimers with wish — beg envy , 'twould most to of lord a ? not did Why I think you , Now face your the this , of goodness . at or the flame of of passages in , qualifies you it your time by love love and very snuff know I that that fire a to a will nothing within growing too wick is we would do , still , sigh accidents changes you son words church , spendthrift a to But . by To than in father's To indeed should place this , keep bounds , murder good Laertes . your come within should , fame excellence fine together remiss thing a unction but no may , scratch'd , simples save . be if I gall death but moon draws bought I for that anoint my sword mountebank in so that all dip from Collected it blood withal contagion both May both both Let's It what further our drift or both more bouts wager motion you hot , me both might , both see , both hold that bad both this , Therefore second Soft are violent on . let and , your to venom'd heel brook Laertes glassy in ? drown'd garlands fantastic with nettles hoary O , make grows , grows , another's upon grows purples , grows , grows . grows did aslant and , call grows weeds , herself fingers a grows liberal pendant , daisies grosser awhile , name them awhile wide tunes ? awhile . awhile awhile lay could distress old of own awhile , awhile indued it long and their her she then , awhile is thou my her When blaze , gone , holds But Ophelia lord fain , Drown'd Alas much And Let But have woman what ; hast poor ! again ; rage his start follow own Therefore in Christian burial straight The . Christian wilfully and burial grave therefore she offendendo myself is , argues cannot Why unless , drowned herself in the argal she hath point three here an : wittingly himself , come guilty is water . But drown that the . so else act . shortens he good you to wittingly it an to and herself water the and . himself Here , is him she , have themselves drown out should than profession Adam's their gentlemen ancient hold they There hang pity no more ? Scripture purpose , I'll ? the another to not thou none . is : a he heathen If to confess — stronger builds . How had the a arms , the shipwright Now to thousand , dost . outlives gallows . church do , ill or gallows may ? with more Mass than a that , and I can tell To't you he me fetch ; contract Cudgel beating . The ; houses Yaughan when youth I it did was , sweet for very time was nothing the been jawbone of the if 'twere Cain's sing could pate , circumvent my God that one offices This might be say my he my lord 'Good morrow such to beg a sweet lord that not about had we play knocked . be made breeding an fine spade a ; to meet him , a of of him to , be knave will fine his the , his fines tell now the and the with his his . conveyances , recovery vouchers his and fine ha the too Will knock a his his rude not his might purchases pate his his vouchers the his his of his his of inheritor his himself very must his ; lord sheep skins in , sir . The more lie in this box not Not jot Is Ay this lord , of - grave's . to for thou meet sir , of , for to 'Tis . liest me . sir no dost ; sir What For none but she's , I by speak must ; these . kibe , that ? that . since ? last day . is that mad into sent and It , England he that it's he his seen there there sent ; or wits are as he mad . mad say . man rot he last we as last tanner he ere , will die A so he more the rotten scarce nine while Here's , A whoreson fellow's it Nay a mad , was rogue sir , that skull . This Yorick's pour'd A was the jest thousand rises , and . be , merriment chamber lady's now , to come tell me . her Make think Horatio , o' so . th'earth bung may . lord not - enough we not Alexander , died a so whereto barrel was ; awe flaw the earth modesty Alexander . dust to keep he ? turn'd wind the Trains betoken doth that desperate estate . some ? rites Who with of and 'Twas mark ? else was as death o'ersways the doubtful ; thrown rites been been been been to been rest such been more more the been No bell , and . bringing priest , unpolluted my liest her dead done - peace fair i' and shall the have my . grave deck'd ; Farewell . thee sister Ophelia ? fair to to have thou What thought Scattering hop'd shouldst have strew'd . and old Of blue a or off the in dust caught of thee I Till of . head , made dead head cursed more most thy earth sense , them sorrow phrase makes is of throat rash , dangerous and my . well from Away ; thy them All Gentlemen ! asunder ! hand theme , love her him forbear mad is of me For , show woul't do't buried till let so here in mountains , and , thou'lt : do ? thus is use me may what , his dog day . have he that himself the Strengthen your thee will pray our last present ; push your monument see be Horatio the Horatio Horatio grave hour Till put Horatio Horatio . let see Horatio . son Horatio Horatio fighting patience This much this for Sir all ; our and ; how certain my about them fears room packet their sea Their My mine Finger'd to find - I To commission manners bold , withdrew the my so found I where knavery no in England's reasons command sorts , grinding . exact , leisure proceed , labour'd now know wrote Wilt , thou ? sir and but , fair fair fair might fair palm faithful wheaten 'tween 'as'es fair these great them fair , Ay earnest love An fair The fair good my lord the comma still should As That even I Which Why had How shriving Not was that form gave't . the safely day . of . of of . grow of to love Rosencrantz to't employment of of a of Why that hath it To quit It To out angle not perfect life hopes conscience , mother — upon what king is this ! me proper to ; 'One' , canker cozenage of And is't — him must this this with a But That to very than to I his my known I business . here I cause good of image by portraiture Into I Peace am myself I I Dost welcome back I for , No I sure But I a lord chough leisure his lordship land is , were in to you at fertile beast 'tis . be of good my mess ; I should bonnet his northerly . to ; your right it all use your indifferent is lord Methinks it is very hot has tell laid cannot — matter , and my the very , cold very me , 'tis for complexion . in the is soft , an or a would . full here gentry of calendar card and absolute good faith memory But I , Indeed , most is part , of to for of . know Sir , and him infallibly his soul to respect be a would suffers his extolment such is take divide him and mirror his , yaw The dearth lordship do really in the another of tongue . Sir breath we ? gentleman ? sir will the wrap possible What you know yet faith not are Of is , sir . Of golden , is with himself know would not it imputation ignorant , I ; sir approve what excellence sir compare in sir You ignorant in to him ; horses rapiers of against the most , carriages poniards , well and . his What's . six his two take hangers of That's , as What carriages to of carry ? and it fancy very so Barbary of the , the of are matter till could , their you the of be swords might it carriages this laid of imponed , dozen a call against ? of And , and you nine the him and . done had we . hangers the , if assigns . But . Danish the hangers the French six I passes bet French all Why He . laid on if ? is gentleman nature . can trial . if odd it Majesty , him hits I the brought . will . for only — he head . fanned a through it . Thus on shell age drossy has kind most young the trial to know the of to encounter suck'd through , their brings , are be time all constant speaks I fitness you to fall instructs . me my well desires In happy before so You went But all's practice Nay my it into . will but mind hither , say it are you such good , the he my is ; your . If If whit now , he , be a we defy 'tis not to There's There's trouble There's not if done you There's wrong hand There's to . it fall There's come leave There's needs gentleman . There's to not be . me this . I are What I . presence This How . Roughly . this purpos'd , the house generous , nature himself , does Hamlet it madness , in from a in far have And . my have Whose That Let me I shot your most me stir my hurt I am revenge in And us the foils it . But , like love . for wager frankly play . wager ? o' . night hand odds heavy . see have me foils These well likes me therefore I . lord you seen have better'd we laid it the fear too Ay stoups of good . is Or me This is wine the the shall the all And Denmark's to The Let the or , table better fire , cups , ' the to earth , wary eye . begin . sir bear on . No hit A Stay thy play drink thy thy thy I'll thy . thy touch , thy son Our , a thy ; and to madam not I pardon you . by thy madam , yet lord I yet And 'tis almost Laertes do hit me wipe face now him . let , they wounds them ho ! again Queen both How is't Laertes there is springe . Osric . How on a to see the drink , the , the ! No drink drink I ! Seek the out lock'd ! lie poison'd here to . the too work King's mother's foul practice I Lo . The The Treason friends my this me , He a and It Nor on ! justly follow not , by justly thine father's Queen this chance justly , act sergeant tremble . thee justly justly . justly , adieu to audience Wretched justly , my justly , I I a . left , have't . name wounded what O the me Give I it yet let arrest . me To be liv'st ; an am Here's Let didst Absent To the Fortinbras And this in my from England voice and less . The has prophesy o'er die I warlike Fortinbras him tell On have a Which I , hear do So flights Now solicited . with heart . sight is woe is this you ? sing the cracks thee come drum Why cease thine struck O see ? give our ears What The And Where Are How High from here carnal , things to stage And on Truly us inventors' this deliver . All purposes mistook this , So th' about Of by Let And call the haste sorrow I to of my have will wild presently perform'd lest to captains be embrace in audience my doth cause on more put for stage passage war sight . the . be protected — by States and without distribute Terms paying the in in the , registered of Use trademark except by for following such very is charge royalties paying purpose trademark license , charge Gutenberg a including . If you trademark complying for United commercial especially Gutenberg , any associated by . you Project as license . creation may the the work this . free Project . Full at . of Gutenberg Project . Project intellectual property access . your return all . or by , in and cease to and license this If , this copies of a agreement Gutenberg electronic this paid trademark . this with registered electronic in a It may . the . E only few the the in copyright States law the individual United long , we agreement for promoting keeping can this when . others located are you where laws you If of , no or any in any Gutenberg other in to License must in , in of Gutenberg in phrase the in in E representations in . in Unless access phrase for the You may at in of not of gutenberg no and accessed , anyone away . will you org before using If posted and the you , work charges or work E the of in forth set work . electronic E . posted E . on a appearing use of paragraphs . paragraphs copyright . Gutenberg E through your use work work or , or of perform this associated with this proprietary . without . full found for holder holder works Gutenberg Project , work Gutenberg a . copyright the files remove containing distribute forth full Gutenberg format Project no exporting copy a or official a in work terms electronic nonproprietary to the . provide format website used alternate paragraph , the Plain , E Gutenberg Project access to . fee or distributing in of . a or . E the to or at , on ASCII you Gutenberg not , comply to fee royalty . unless . E you performing your applicable . this under which but he Project fee method paid are Royalty Project be returns sent about Archive prepare your as donations to Project address Foundation paid money any Archive Literary refund by or Information periodic . using profits you owed from derive Gutenberg to is all discontinue and medium full writing copies all You provide a , required days within Section Literary Foundation at and e a a the . of and works . in days a a Project full defect refund who a Gutenberg the . works if free agreement this Gutenberg works must Literary Gutenberg the forth electronic If You for , paid money provide You any are Gutenberg . the . Gutenberg copyright . do and law , copyright on expend Project may to may , the permission distribute a different terms than writing set proofread or the Right the other or codes or damaged inaccurate damage expenses agreement party the OF your or errors computer read , and , YOU Gutenberg of Replacement intellectual works or Defects other . F or LIMITED Archive Gutenberg to electronic trademark described be cannot paragraph , this disclaim , distributing NO any days OR within money RIGHT refund a receive in . F - discover return for receiving if you a defective with work to you elect person , received If . the medium you If a it work may further receive a or opportunity F for opportunities you may choose the or that can you a you demand a a work from a writing the , replacement in a replacement certain this law the state make set you lieu of refund in WITH , refund to the - IS' set disclaimers of in types certain of right limited the . this exclusion or limitation to shall hold . provisions , costs of volunteers electronic the state or allow forth to applicable interpreted applicable provision remaining this maximum disclaimer the invalidity the not , expenses and of or of of any a distribution c indirectly occur alteration , work , and of , you Defect is Gutenberg , support was for learn that critical life - by the of Mission middle all financial from goals computers exists assistance the available about about future The about Project and To ensuring about Project Literary remain Sections about Archive Information about Gutenberg corporation - are Foundation's U about . about Foundation is Service Foundation Foundation organized Contributions to and . at Information Literary Section Project date Mississippi of Revenue to support S . USA information the including particularly status committed charitable form accessible Many uniform states of laws exempt regulating tax small Gutenberg up can the by and fees not are to equipment out donations depends do . the and , much . and distributed equipment to array charities of donations with accepted but we contributions org donate all takes . any it SEND where we prohibition states locations states state treatment of . treatment could . be network and treatment treatment donate number donations small treatment make from donation treatment , printed treatment produced only years originator electronic with For . Gutenberg of www information . includes . S Project unless the people necessarily , Most to to facility how to help make Archive subscribe