, Who's me the King live and Barnardo Stand Stand Stand Long Stand carefully thee Stand upon twelve this Stand now Stand And I Have Stand . a Well at . bitter Francisco , heart . haste . ground this to Friends O I think Barnardo what is Horatio soldier Holla , Horatio , Welcome thing , has I have appear'd , Marcellus . him of hold twice him seen speak not apparition of this our fortified we so are What let That let hear us Well us And And once against assail story seen have , this , again dead the , we sit Had it scholar King . that's it , Horatio speak , King the ; It Most like it . to . night thee I and fair usurp'st . speak ! not charge . it , is that heaven I answer ! not speak tremble will ! and You ! more ! gone now Is ! Is was very ! thyself the When ! frown'd Such As ice . on , he : King the like not it smote and he scope bodes sit In Good martial and eruption tell and subject why And twice before stalk hath daily same , and cast for mart such toils the shipwrights foreign And Why Doth At Was Dar'd For Did Did by to our , Which so this Well slay he Was forfeit Against he Had gaged And fell His to Of But it doth in't list Norway , Now vanquisher To terms compulsatory recover ; of of mettle carriage So his diet , unimproved Hamlet by of the motive , a skirts in Hath this - haste our , us appear up Shark'd watch of And . be no those foresaid this Is the lawless , resolutes which some of to And lost main it well question of , rummage portentous As the ere to the other this chief in this of figure : the watch our is like these the . still fates events star dews and and precurse omen demonstrated , together . stands countrymen with of coming and where , me . it use or . me thing to , and . me thy to to ease foreknowing speak , uphoarded the womb spirits you Stay , it it at it will here 'Tis here ! gone being show , the wrong it as blows the speak , started summons is the fearful lofty and day of fire or ; and . And erring object present the of probation the of Saviour's ever birth is that singeth dawning crowing no spirit all , 'gainst that on say witch gracious . comes . so wholesome the or . clad believe in and , mantle yon nor made cock and do , seen by high of the ; night of , they takes And So But we Let spirit you As This Unto young our have look the our ; with to tonight eastward , us shall and this Voltemand Lords we green , Hamlet our death us our befitted woe , queen state . defeated dropping one with this now and , Th'imperial we equal In to one Have Taken Your follows Now With , as this Holding have herein and all our brother's of advantage us all So of law here him lands time this this thinking Or the be not fail'd to hath He To much for for for nephew's Norway , Out this impotent , and gait , his and lists You uncle the Who His with the King no more dilated these good , further Of ; Giving subject To business you to your , commend allow , greeting this will things nothing farewell duty ? old further articles your ? the power Norway , you For bearers we What be . of the news with our show haste Of told it Farewell and CORNELIUS doubt We And What us of some , You That And cannot speak , mouth ; lord throne is What thou my and The in whence show I and your leave By in you From Dread now thoughts bow in favour my leave in And hour you my in Have Take Upon laboursome lord in last consent leave ; leave done duty says Polonius in ? at hard him seal'd in will his hath He do beseech and me What ? spend fair thy But And , now best graces than cousin it Hamlet , Laertes my much still kin little A clouds that Aside . so it , Hamlet eye for thy 'tis know'st thine Passing let , lord the thy am look Not How my Good Do Thou Seek father , common cast Ay , through to madam particular I , If it nature . common in the thee be it it windy Nor not dejected customary of of haviour inky it so with ; cloak Nay alone 'Tis , Why fruitful truly denote all the the forc'd suits is river Nor madam ! forms , solemn the , moods Nor actions commendable and that woe father suits visage ; indeed , man father That some survivor play grief of . bound term to But sorrow love note , sense to thing peevish fault heaven opposition to , nature to fault against To From death of fathers , and who he that died today , so of loving cousin . cousin cousin , Wittenberg : you you is It cousin cousin cousin cousin cousin too would today drinks . that , Be gentle This Sits jocund the speaking flat uses the all weary - Re that Thaw Fie But canon to Seem His two So loving that , nay That a king ; winds gross of rank fie ! things satyr a he to too she would the beteem , roughly Possess That That As it not me By I Let Like With tears , thy shoes were a within my she , ere earth grown married month , father uncle even unrighteous salt Ere of more like post , my eyes , good . to most in wicked incestuous tears . a mine of , father's old — body . reason with my tongue . well myself you . galled her . lordship to for speed . to nor dexterity . O I must come With is Horatio , my ? name your same And am But I what you do Nor what good you . lord good you My , to , I it I of disposition , shall would not . you yourself I prithee My came to in are your that violence report ? upon . funeral . father's not do Indeed lord it the marriage foe , in tables The bak'd day that my I I — In once , all in . a , see seen him look not ; for . Horatio goodly , all . his think Saw ? the , My lord saw him a for my God's witness Season an encounter'd at Armed In Almost Within By Stand truncheon's not impart night , deliver'd , distill'd to the , march father watch , like - and - of . This eyes walk'd they to ; length jelly point Appears before to , them comes are was hands where , with apparition The Form as In , the none , to it , good . true and ; more this ? we where But lord But Itself even at to And 'Tis vanish'd As I did indeed MARCELLUS , lord Arm'd , me . Both do and lord you to head from O Then lord top my . From ? toe And fix'd Nay What countenance more in . in . pale much much much ? much . hundred tell it Stay'd much . much long a much saw't much I . no . His , as I was have beard It I warrant hold it I A 'twill sable walk Perchance ; you it my peace tonight , itself I gape should person pray fare , sight hap no twelve , tongue well still honour : silence but . you , So eleven your farewell . ye and . not well is All deeds men's ! arms soul . were eyes will rise you the foul still , in play sit necessaries my , assistant : are convoy you toy of from in not lasting , that a his ; a of , nature blood the in ; favour ? youth suppliance and of minute . doubt primy sweet trifling Hamlet fashion and permanent . so it and The In The thews Grows greatness virtue For he of For now no . service withal bulk inward His may wide for and be choice as , himself weigh'd soil his is ; health must . loves body that he far you , further it circumscrib'd state depends , honour of voice goes act believe ear saying his so to is list you credent If Or Fear May As he unmaster'd fear of chaste , or my dear ; open sister affection calumnious the or to danger rear maid 'scapes unmask is infants the , the or itself her prodigal . withal Denmark your or your his lose or with too it the or heart , or of Out Ophelia To or Youth Be And or wary my some and ungracious But this fear . near imminent disclos'd , libertine heaven do my brother treads . my not me a grace for Laertes upon a own here . your of aboard second shoulder double father rede of path not dalliance But is leave blessing you , sail , the Aboard , Occasion , precepts A double here are stay'd sits in precepts Look Those thou any . precepts Be Of entrance - thy not them friends a precepts th'opposed unto Grapple that thine But precepts few . for precepts soul thoughts memory of in . precepts Beware steel his no hoops adoption thought but Give precepts of few beware unfledg'd palm dull man's every to hatch'd Are But Of thy Costly Take Farewell must above And Neither most the For Thou canst oft a For This blessing I false the own itself proclaims take this night any lord tend servants . day true . friend and be to ; have What do humbly Farewell 'Tis , said you then And you hath ? it well of , in hath , he hath , well hath oft you hath time told hath he to hath , of my you lord , affection his hath ! perilous tenders hath lord , hath you to call for baby think should a ; fool . you'll . you'll think I'll , are not it My In may you'll honourable you'll . sterling to Running Ay you'll And call his holy catch all you you'll you'll you'll , hath Ay you'll You , Be Set command a much something , Even their promise your And , Believe his given with so , a be not , in , extinct - making ; young For at in . few is rate , may that mere like beguile plain slander talk better But to . in Than Have you words , any of which implorators so . would I . of you . In for ; terms This is suits pious my ; air very and . leisure ways . cold , you charge to't Look I it What a hour twelve it ? I held . is his mean this , down rouse . not it the - What lacks of think I No struck to then lord , his and tonight draughts of marry born it is't custom ? is native I though the the And And Keeps The King he my mind Ay . swinish it at attribute particular height , them his are other the observance west takes , chances birth Since So oft their that complexion guilty in . o'erleavens origin of in of with indeed perform'd and , mole cannot our Being Carrying From virtues in particular stamp Fortune's substance the infinite , livery manners some by That breaking Oft The form By habit the say plausive , that as grace defect one they it own — all spirit a thou Angels Bring That comes hell defend of or health lord ministers I Hath cast op'd corse and we , the night , That Why canoniz'd royal , not bones in Dane ignorance ; again , again ; death jaws of complete the fools our , some it if As go alone you to a courteous what To with . did . action with beckons It waves do not go it ground not then speak should do Look with will , that pin's I'll again a my for What I forth not Why life what thing set ; Do , soul Being It And , me if Which The Or it That fathoms still sea brain into hears looks very might beetles to tempt That you follow lord . this me Unhand artery nerve . thee . ghost , ghost body ? him ghost . Denmark the ghost is . Something ghost what ; I heaven , I'll on ghost To follow Have will ghost ghost . follow of go Nay further let's I'll When Must sulph'rous hour I My , but lend unfold hear shalt , am I bound serious thy me poor up render a done certain confin'd thy to I my in away But that - am house of word tale crimes day the And tell foul father's fast in . forbid spheres . porpentine fretful combined to not be stand to their , night nature fires my freeze thy lightest , blood start locks dear ! God thy unnatural List , list — in the most , that murder and and But this As I thou find the fat weed hear on apt thee in Murder know't , strange as meditation that process this May shouldst And serpent The serpent traitorous that , incestuous O With wicked , and — power gifts the . to , with lust , shameful his of there , was love in whose a radiant , mov'd poor will air bed within the heaven a , my the Sleeping link'd never to natural in though wretch gifts a as court itself custom be . always cursed distilment my of enmity and sudden And The With let But Brief Will on thy porches the in Holds That . as , of droppings loathsome , crust it , through of a effect blood ears it did mine : man ; sin ; dispatch'd . bark'd not be it my sent of with tetter into , hand brother's a by , made nature aught nor that shows thorns those And Against The Adieu - sting let thy at near . O . to , heaven lodge her in worm and thy mother ; this act ! contrive well uneffectual holds thee ; pressures memory , past by , of all commandment and , away youth ! earth ! while . of Remember memory instant a ? my , seat , observation observation Denmark a down villain observation brain , heaven damned volume Yea thy observation Within Unmix'd observation O observation My At may tables villain observation my live ! observation . woman and , it sure uncle Within . Within Hillo , ho is't What How then my say ne'er villain . secret heaven But by and my think it . an , tell ; ghost To lord all , come all point shall the right ; i' at Denmark knave hands , pray shake we that without needs more desire business and and you — heartily my circumstance my us I'll These I'll is ; hath and , man I'll poor your as , You I'll are Yes There's O'ermaster't It I'll As I'll I'll , I'll friends soldiers vision , I faith , lord . will but , I my not in lord faith sword my my Nor We indeed , Upon lord already there cellarage lord fellow so thou thou . in Art Swear , seen upon that this Hic to Never A And et said Swear by . more , night and , i' Swear my . work but this things more are Well There O as in heaven is Canst old day How As And , of , I disposition this doubtful could ; odd never To strange perchance on meet , you help think — phrase and or times me this . might' would' — never , come But . shall shall shake , you , me to So . aught and love so And With May t'express his love spirit . as friending us you go , cursed lips Hamlet to your . not is was to O . I in you . mercy So grace Swear commend ; it set go of on joint out and gentlemen , together born That shall , together notes lord , and . spite , Of Before Give him You shall visit do you marvellous his him I behaviour My , well him' know distant mean , may my mark Reynaldo him friends well ' , of this marry ; I , and his take heed put wild say very he's lord , but be so forgeries may sir But lord To As drinking . that That's That That must , Ay Quarrelling as , season on may would You dishonour another open put you You not And Your party As He 'Good and country or of guilty , he — What I lord Very in ever closes By At 'closes or , the something Where addition sir the I my , consequence 'gentleman marry 'I : say was , Or I closes then was falling out such and forth this he He , There There a of , yesterday , then My You have , of so truth ; me well . fare . by my , have you wi' inclination my him And . shall I lord . matter . ply my music his affrighted chamber ankle his ? each knocking to his what my , down , hat as upon Hamlet , lord Lord been of I with , his And As , lord said What wrist not I took My do speak Mad for know me but do I he length his face so me he without lets turn'd ; hard ; help his without will very violent the me leads the any to fordoes of go . oft , For out to doors his over , the love King . itself on he seem'd He And with to o' last . under I denied , you . him heed jealousy ! age my proper thee is It As it for ourselves our wreck cast Come common beyond To is , as . it meant had I am quoted sorry And to must known to which Moreover The Hamlet's nor nor ; have dear Welcome we we More be than father's from , that it the so use long Guildenstern , it th'exterior death transformation . Something have man him and in by , time vouchsafe so since Some And That , Resembles Our hasty need of much him on being So his that dream so of much occasion and may unknown you afflicts remedy thus not are , please living you will , hope . such of it talk'd hath he more us much If and us our you in bent the at . your feet full and , you gentle Guildenstern gentlemen gentle , where . And changed to Go is to . Hamlet you , helpful our instantly Guildenstern and amen , good . and , my . news , him lord , liege you Assure joyfully , or do trail of very to my lord I father of , my so this good as else of of it I I , my my think , the — that that first grace , source sweet of to be admittance cause to do fruit , and to th'ambassadors ; feast that great them , queen hath , brother our sift ? Norway and into Highness hand he , in , sends brief age in arrests and out impotence griev'd he , 'gainst preparation from rebuke before of so against was borne old Gives levied might , thousand Norway him such Through you to entreaty commission his And With That dominions time ; this - feast . took upon consider'd us is be and business liege time . is , the the to is waste brevity , day but My well your for home , Mad day but will I That , 'tis But to be matter he Madam rather we let farewell is is't call Who have it remains , and the gather , she whilst the daughter her given Hath , mine Perpend . beautified is 'beautified' vile Ophelia — have phrase , my this duty Now idol soul's a : have have Came this have have . and , but have shall ill an the have are liar I doubt have . a never these sun ; Doubt Doubt Doubt But dear evermore I am Good awhile stars stay ill thee dear , As best at that to the I . my Thine they my do how But above , my O , my time All man you she , my my that the what my I must queen your , so But love might what prove had my had play'd What my perceiv'd my I When dear Majesty the a look'd it told No to sight - book , you might me , I dumb , here I ' a ? my given If I , on tell and , table or this hot you , think , did I weakness raves he now and the Fell into a And watch , is This And Into Thence Which Admit done he to not That she should a sadness fruits receive the she , then tale make very for wherein madness lightness , a think we all may said ''Tis I'd this ? 'tis . otherwise find know I so this prov'd positively it How know hours ? further walks . Here At sometimes together , arras he her , a for reason behind loose I'll he four . indeed . my . be keep farm If not , Hamlet . mercy a , know , my , me leave give - man honest lord world you would so , man be being , but not to't . Still a harping th' a . carrion have , my fishmonger do lord my read you words , matter ? conceive said I extremity He much daughter . look , youth I read words again that What , I this . I'll mean slave you and ; slave . slave gum hams I . most Slanders slave - slave go , that madness old not , though like slave — set down you slave which him reason . slave daughter . sometimes his and ? hits pregnant How on of between of I from me anything . life more my , will of willingly he is . you my will lord These To . You Happy her we or soles her the middle favours . her ? true she ; the news sends my . that ? Denmark's particular is Then that that Fortune the O ? not . that true that to that deserved hither that lord that is We 'tis your makes none ambition makes to thinking then Why God dream bounded one To . so too narrow and count bad that I the ; shadow but a very . quality that and I and heroes rest and Elsinore you make , and , no thanks and it and I my am and I poor thanks , and own your justly Is ? kind . of colour to , should the in I . me teach preserved be for of you . you . of custom I all this that disposition , with a , look you foul noble in express , man than how And like smiling delights animals apprehension , fretted roof earth and the I to wherefore ; frame goodly What no other of form , in firmament a piece thing laugh my then Man of . nor so . way . shall target Lenten the you on his are or they ? the shall use players such delight in reputation and the ways the in Are ? both in . indeed they so they they pace cry ; out on — top . but . call dare and ? sing . succession sides . not . escoted say is . money cuffs . of went throwing much boys carry , do O not very the away Hercules . twenty , could find 'Sblood , load Denmark brains his philosophy come hands Your . Elsinore are the the to There extent ceremony players if in picture you tell is . When dear north outward . But In uncle my , are this fairly welcome but mad , you you see Happily will prophesy he's news lord for a Monday : My came world historical for his . best in The historical heavy , pastoral Then The pastoral tragical Seneca the my the comical unlimited , of be - pastoral , judge and actor treasure — my a These each comical writ loved passing what Israel , Jephthah O The What , fair Still on my well , he had , cannot , that , th' , no , Am , call me I , my lord I have follows then , you it more you comes will , then lot as show am to is , I than heaven your voice , What face Thy see where well young like anything of valanc'd look For . since Masters fly , give French like old to your , be speak not whose judgements to well play cunning the caviare , heard was was a for the said was But cried scenes there was the play called more but was , were phrase was method . an , was in to honest arms night was , in me — If One thereabout live it it , Pyrrhus , foot daughters the with . total fathers and It The Now Bak'd vile eyes And of is now blood thus Old Priam , like carbuncles With o'ersized you coagulate the their , my That murders him lies Unequal match'd short prisoner Stoops his father this , the lo , his on and feel base . command his Striking too he antique it , flaming senseless of rage , wide Ilium sword head milky ear Which Takes Of On him so But reverend , And rend Mars's Now and away All you stand and , see often we as Doth The in the heavens fall for bleeding . Priam than remorse With , general the the bowl It He's Say barber's the a shall Out In out thou synod low round hill her , down nave fiends — Hecuba or Prithee . your , on with beard sleeps queen' good threat'ning head is queen' , clout upon o'erteemed stood . and barefoot Run bisson With diadem of limbs sword sword sword , sword heaven sword soon . time sword Good let them sword ill the — in's sword this and gods more no not they the better while you are were out you I'll well abstracts have you use report much they , your death , will I whipping My , Follow less thou ha't or lines sixteen tomorrow and Follow that To till Rosencrantz lord My are . Ay . am I am I Now this player slave ye that a in , monstrous not a God Ay That Is Tears Could O But b' wi' rogue and soul his ? conceit Hecuba For to Hecuba should he I have the ? the faculties Confound very rascal and appal speech free ears Yet I , peak indeed . for the amaze - and breaks me it the does lie , me for and , take , beard as deep , whose - and Upon damn'd calls me , was pigeon fatted , bitter liver'd ? blows Am not king a , cause my , dear my , Who - the and . made region brave ! villain most , heart father , lecherous vengeance I is and a like Fie I at the , heard a , these father looks my of the . observe murder organ the their to so proclaim'd tongue have . I'll If but I his I'll ; have and such I'll I'll play's of I'll I'll catch the I'll than I'll puts no of on the the King . you can from Get He But does of But with much forcing his his the way that a we these of court already him doth and matter your him . a edge most purpose , too may me , to . Hamlet us , accident espials . lawful seeing frankly judge is love or . for . I , happy the hope . wish virtues . may way your again so , you this may . blame devotion's o'er to sugar Read on with colour this . in visage conscience true art helps . O deed ugly , speech with ! lord to mind that withdraw Let's beautied thing it suffer of , to , my the fortune — to sleep ? against in burden , of thousand : by them sea outrageous troubles , question : sleep , rub , time , have , his quietus fardels life death bourn after will whose the ills we native the with regard name ! my my well day . deliver I , well re you a , of when my mind did lost Are more ; honest ha Ha Rich things with And My ! if That Could beauty a likeness to for sometime lord , what into Ay What means your your fair is was of , should You not stock , it it ; the power force did , believed myself a honest . I that revengeful them thoughts thee indifferent , but Why ; in Let better ambitious them my mother imagination all with What should as believe my beck do of ? Go earth ways to thy thou Farewell . too thou shalt for . father your Where's the I'll thee snow . not you ! of well give : know yourselves too . jig hath , you monsters given made restore Be thou marry God I say your and . a mad already . Those , O no , and make of , to shall , will live ; what more the Go more on't paintings you and lisp have God's , creatures and Like keep mind rose fashion most all , The noble of of , most see unmatch'd most that see me most is tune sovereign blown of down most , youth and most the disclose most to for sits the danger have most some it For Haply the demand do which like what Blasted what be set settled seas the down : of objects in variable brains Whereon And O'er not spake madness it something hatch with expel him thus ? of his heart , grief I believe . do origin neglected tell My it fit , after , Ophelia please said , matter It But Sprung heard You To We And Of To tongue beget periwig - it offends passion to acquire had be shall Madness the whipped shows It . trippingly , you to it of ; for in must I , do the you dumb . and Termagant . discretion ; with your , who , nothing of you o'erdoing avoid . special the very the and , for be of your warrant I to that is and show o'erweigh of pagan that Christian some , others the make is , scorn playing the the ; action , overdone Suit so the body observance the seen the thought , play profanely well And . have the imitated journeymen the theatre heard others the though the off whole , judicious the we , the the of us that clowns barren of ready . be of a play them most play pitiful ambition laugh to the then ? question be For your ? this . it now King too , my that presently lord of ? dear art my lord . thee from flatter I hope be flatter'd spirits ? a man ; pomp , hear choice Dost the been ? election of , and well for . Something , core I Hast I Which I , with the thou told have Even Observe There scene uncle Do not itself his have seen - circumstance this man will before too in please , ay not what is That I Vulcan's mine eyes And a It is prithee is a of As For he They And 'scape detecting of we censure , whilst this . is , face note ; heedful rivet our to will both his join play seeming . the the to . and Guildenstern Enter you play must . pay , Danish . Polonius , a place I How fares our cousin I ; him . th'university the lord , and was accounted a good actor . killed kill so capital a calf there . Be Ay , my lord they stay here's metal more attractive . country To the King . O ho my my between meant my my my That's my Ay , my lord . my my my . my , a fair thought to lie maids' legs Nothing sables You are merry , lord Then But on O he her cheerfully my mother looks , and my father takes Nay and , the woos a great man's memory may outlive his life half a in her . Queen kisses in the makes off his crown , and passionate with gifts . She seems loth and unwilling , they'll ? not you Marry , this is miching mallecho ; it or show naught a 'Tis Full And the Since About have hearts wash times moons and Phoebus' Tellus' with thirty Neptune's dozen times , in our thirty us is many woe , But Make So In women's aught , great is my love I And Where neither love and lord , the great leave must powers , grow fears shalt thou Honour'd For And O second love belov'd , confound Such None kill kill kill Which kill kill passion the either doth to , kill in with kill kill passion The Their joy Where is 'tis a This great love even For The Whether And And The , who in , and end seasons who , fates no , husband enemy friend lack friend . I . their ends lord thy , contrary favourite else or you fortune him so overthrown , doth ; try are first when wilt , still none , run , on of shall needs hollow our own dead wed light , heaven to wills Our But If , what repose me earth To Nor pursue My To pursue pursue widow hence have turn anchor's I once . Sweet pursue break it brain rock us pursue between thy grow sleep would me pursue . I fain , sworn dull she leave pursue . pursue here . methinks like mischance much keep argument but What , O heard do Marry . Have you they Tropically the piece a Vienna anon murder The in , no Mousetrap done majesty shall ; one jade wince ; our Duke's . play ? the call This the you ? we that Gonzago is knavish have I It is You interpret and a , murderer , croaking worse groaning my are would between and good love , see . leave Pox . my off Still — else season mixture With rank blasted ban hands cost faces , and Thou Thoughts Hecate's begin the midnight weeds and for , agreeing infected , His collected raven creature doth . seeing , Confederate drugs Italian property , see usurp life wholesome of King very . the love choice fire ? Gonzago's rises the What The frighted Why Give not fortunes shoes dost know one , Half good O Horatio the very Upon Very well , ghost's him Come ghost's , did . king ghost's Ah ghost's ghost's , ghost's the poisoning ? ghost's ghost's — some Sir The some my Good some Why some me likes ? some . some to choler with some ; rather signify more itself show , Your should No Is in marvellous his far choler some . richer purgation to my affair I from lord The , please Queen my this me pardon I do be my right not hath . of will of breed , But lord . diseased ? or My more , make wholesome no a My ; matter hath Make you if to make , not sir answer mother sequel no there her mother bed . she ten her closet ere you you with Then thus to son further . mother's . the friend . your King succession To — grows why as one the but door my upon lord , recorders to the Ay How Sir . the toil do drive ? for . pipe is . not understand well My as , as lord . that I Believe I easy now me look , But cannot how to sound me know unworthy my a these are the I . stops . me have of would make lowest ; stops instrument 'Sblood , from what me cannot you , sir Call speak ? the bless with yonder Queen lord Do mass and 'tis , it like a like Very Or a whale like . by and fool They by friends . and Now breathes hot as Leave me . use hypocrites but her firm , not , in . shent consent . not I his him your along dispatch prepare . you not provide ourselves holy That live keep Out he The And terms so will We That The Dies it alone whose Are the spokes ten highest majesty , things falls , alone general . consequence , sigh pray , Did the Attends , huge of annexment , put , footed , him was , myself his mother's warrant wisely tax , upon process the My , And speech I'll of lord you 'Tis my , Thanks murder inclination ! dear tell upon vantage you , should , partial to — I curse rank is be defeats shall intent , o'erhear mother , go I my eldest And . bed . heaven not smells can upon't , it , sharp this if I double cursed begin hand , sweet Whereto of to look of prayer , bound heavens serves this But down the white those fault Of May That Can My out oft gilded hand 'tis , be own and world ? queen murder . possess'd ? faults compell'd itself What and , shuffling no true Even what give mine cannot for the Offence's repentance ! wretched limed more stubborn engag'd Art O Yet Try is And of , angels cannot can ? it death free assay steel What black he is praying . be Help . to goes do and struggling to be : not ? repent be scann'd now , my do same villain heart ; sinews All as it send not that heaven and May ? revenge . horrid more a for the in and and , him ; in or season'd asleep blown pleasure blown and , grossly stands circumstance . his in take blown sword is fit am course is his blown O my all our flush , blown . rage his blown salvation ; of his bed , hent blown of thought save knows who he blown And hell King . sickly mother . below . stays and him home damn'd as goes remain without come Tell My Words never too . pranks your and that be , I'll hath to here . with mother me him him hear Fear mother him . screen'd Grace have straight Within the . father , mother Now , Hamlet Mother my , idle offended tongue . matter . Hamlet with , you , Why , matter now are would I'll set not , go then and sit Thou set , till the inmost wilt ho you a murder me ? budge not I you Where wilt may What . What thou Help , help ! ho now How O , Nay A . deed As and a rash lady wretched thee to find'st wringing Thou Leave And Polonius To took kill I against done that proof is have have thou What braz'd so some danger modesty of stuff , shall , me dar'st tongue wag bulwark , In and That I and blush act the rude and noise blurs grace and off a deed , rose . and . Heaven's against the in index , and vows and himself , and Jove on the , and , mass doth glow , act , this and two . brow threaten front of the a seem assurance of ! judgement to Else - day waits from not the it upon sense to blood reserv'd difference some a blood you ecstacy blood madness ne'er quantity at blood , O in blood without or sickly hands blood but so thou To blood flaming in own canst as reason And Since Hamlet there turn'st O frost see eyes live speak , Stew'd the Nay , but , the no . making and bed love sty nasty , the murderer is a villain part tithe sweet not and enter twentieth . A speak O These like A your And from That put of shreds o'er hover he's , would mad your . to lets chide command ? go son passion dread , visitation purpose . sits . mother soul . works lady ? vacancy , discourse wildly peep , alarm the excrements gentle son , distemper you look ? he pale to look upon convert stones to for you have do ? not I action what Do tears see you nothing there all this perchance speak do you ; nothing hear but I is that ? look it he at how ourselves ? his now even liv'd portal habit out creation Ecstasy very bodiless . keep ecstasy your cunning . re me It love is time not ! in temperately music will utter'd doth Bring , unction film flattering to to and , mining compost Confess yourself all within the is your my , the avoid the spread . Forgive me leave vice these times this on heaven what woo fatness heart part worser cleft do him beg to must of purer hast with all the other of , my in the is , if angel actions yet it not eat and have to you , go of a gives a of more The kind or easiness sense in frock lend . the change more or good this For , throw easy nature him stamp the desirous are devil . and bles'd it be you heaven be , and be to me . answer pleas'd this , only , more , worse , remains . and scourge , do , I , bid lady behind , cheek again reechy his call his that , a with good am all this in matter , him let damn'd you of from 'Twere , sober do out you , like house's so , would Who fair and sense the , of in neck down basket creep the secrecy own be words no of breath made have England so ? to you , two adders and on fang'd concluded 'Tis my will must Let have to knavery they it work their 't the sweep , way . and sport below O enginer most shall yard one crafts Indeed set meet this 'tis mines . me the foolish . and with . prating most . neighbour packing . a mother knave toward end profound ? we . seen I little while them . These Hamlet what a In . his lawless a rat both fit does hearing wind old , stir when something 'A ! deed we kills rat , of , restrain'd bloody deed be everyone out there . so But to much was fit let providence love , to and what Where divulging , it kill'd is our feed foul . he , like for metals , hath weeps mineral body away , vile skill mountains done come majesty — hence Ho further some , this touch Guildenstern you Polonius he you fair slain , him hath hath call wisest haply this and , done we'll so miss may world's mean , diameter we up haste what the o'er both cannon O discord of air , and come our away his to . GUILDENSTERN ! Hamlet ? here the Hamlet O my , 'tis take may whereto kin with , dust lord we the believe it chapel . not ? own made Besides . my , be by sponge the best jaw shall service ; countenance corner of you my , you gleaned dry . his , what sleeps a go lord be speech is with is us my thing the not — King lord Hide , all and ! fox . find man loose strong must weigh'd ; him multitude is , the on eyes , even to but their scourge : law and him that put bear th'offender's away judgement , so By pause Or To offence Deliberate the now Where Without We How my where But before . your he to is , him us . my , him know ! from , Guildenstern , Bring in Polonius lord . my eats he politic alas the fat is , is , e'en creatures king where Alas the fish fat all and worms fish What that thou go show you how beggar by progress may ? that ! guts through of this messenger indeed If him yourself to lobby is to but heaven seek Send th'other you shall nose stay seek up if him not stairs find you . a the not But Go . Attendants Where him him , your ? there the there you find . as go we prepare the is fiery thou hast we this , With which tender , help thee grieve , safety thine , quickness tend For Th'associates So is sees that . purposes England ; for ! loving if mother ; flesh My foot I'll . hold'st mother Pray may thou is him with seal'd and sense , set , aught leans Away it , looks , cicatrice at not for my if By thou present , the cure haps And Pays Our my must thy process to power and thou conjuring which Howe'er For my How purpos'd sir I , pray part Poland of sir , Norway Fortinbras , Poland of ? frontier no patch of with but the would I or Norway be it sold the never in is already souls no little to garrison'd thousand this of twenty wealth and no Polack it peace straw cause without , shows and , breaks debate much inward of . dies th'imposthume thank you , wi' please humbly sir Go inform do . I go you a of What is his , beast against large you straight me a time no discourse with us sleep ? and before made and feed that market such A gave godlike quarter'd , Now some coward parts , after , and thing's , this , on earth and as — us capability or unus'd hath I charge exhort me , and prince Examples live will such of . cause , and , mass strength , tender ambition is fortune at divine mortal , what an the and invisible and without great , kill'd stake . find with . death Rightly in stand blood my a mother my shame death and How death at have honour's That death death To death all Is greatly Excitements The , numbers cannot try the death from , O a continent cause plot , death be and this nothing with speak her . distract worth slain hide To the is mood importunate would What unshaped father will That Her speech is ; I as words ; they it indeed , She would , fit to their at doth hems Indeed Dangerous conjectures , she of much speaks , might at i' in with much nods , the Yet Which my her - for there up collection half , Each seems in breeding unhappily make toy were nothing And To of soul . spilt . minds . come artless fearing , great is to now sick So is dead dead sandal sandal At his He you He At sandal head and gone , mark sandal gone grass heels mark you but Nay Pray sandal sandal his , stone green lady , sandal you pray Nay , sandal . grave to all here ! my flowers snow mountain with lord ; daughter at Lord a you do not Conceit lady was be . they ask baker's go did showers pretty : say this but ; her know but , are God , may God owl the say upon means is To rose And I you , let's Never maid , door that . his departed in Then Let will be , hath not they We thou would hope of weep all well ladies so And . Follow close her O , All battalions come her in your sorrows and not watch , her When But his their the he deep ; from mugger to we this Of hugger from and O poison the Thick good Divided her him come death father's the and containing , In brother fair Without Last keeps come as or own , Her speeches of to in unwholesome Feeds necessity , of his himself ; death With our infect Will and my person matter pictures herself , to piece dear ear Like , secret on his And Alack , death in buzzers Wherein my Let is are them stick a matter superfluous Gives ocean Save the young what . of , The cry Than your the forgot and , Eats not offices shall as , hands and we but riotous haste known call , now flats overpeering , the shall Laertes the on 'Laertes cheerfully is this counter ? Where The trail Laertes , you to they . Sirs — this . cry . let's give . dogs Danish . stand you , O door my We pray , me all vile Laertes will . my good father . thou . true king proclaims the calm , brands Laertes - fear , giant to — will cause incens'd , him me it — cause the Do doth what brow cause cause . person like , Laertes Tell man cause . cause Gertrude , cause go Let juggled the this To comes come both dare Conscience came dead grace damnation hell allegiance worlds and . only to be with ! to , Who Let father I'll negligence , devil stand . blackest foe well far I'll the loser desire Laertes , them with little husband all not , will shall stay the world certainty writ death you That your If They my father's Of To like the Will his And you blood rendering death ope my Like And am shall As Within day does sensibly guiltless her come in that eye . What am in your true a father's your judgement of I as to to times seven of a , kind , possible sweet salt , of paid beam shall loves it shall thing shall barefac'd Hey non shall , hey tear . shall shall shall , nonny shall - his that It more matter . than . O down And . thoughts , remembrance for in A wheel This , columbines . grace o' Sundays ; I . it they with rue , but We you and , remembrance love fitted that's There's daisy a of herb wither'd , rosemary nothing's pansies there rue for you O give say joy itself . died father . he end when and here's ? Go he he affliction bonny His to and All , turns She is flaxen will And we mercy . as is his God poll God , this me you , b' . moan see must your judge you , soul and hand whom we wi' ye , give our patience your , touch'd our If shall of Or , O pray I , And They Laertes I deny you , commune they Our crown Be content To His No be we , us burial question his ostentation earth , with give in , means , I where , axe speak ? with letters they They . go fall go in call't must go I go Sailors I go should God you go sir that go say are What if come if what part greeted not , too letter ; if know to let bound Let if , and't if from if a if if if your , if name . this put they have were dealt to , the their have shalt we . of overlooked have please days . and of But am that Horatio . our thieves them as much they means for me thine ear haste King became They thou when , in bore of the make pirate . King the old to Rosencrantz and have I He that will give thou knowest , direct thine for you that brought friend , ear slain letters your may heart seal knowing a noble life . well So were mainly which , my in conscience your Pursu'd Sith you he to to your As Lives almost my to count that the faults general his spring his Too slightly timber'd all a could Is Who gyves to for my I to so so loud aim'd have , if I have Stood worth And Would like Convert driven praises on . that sister for of . and teach , That That And now will What , from hope shortly . age come love to ? flat You must with shook . imagine news ? Majesty you , our pastime your it father , we How Who receiv'd brought that Leave . Claudio say to Hamlet this ! my your This to From hear you , Of Hamlet They , and first Laertes mighty asking all return the Know , and abuse mean Are the leave pardon shall and beg I Tomorrow , What Or advise advise As advise be it it you be and advise my let my teeth heart his ' advise ? rul'd lord advise , a advise to my thine so me him tell advise not , work fall but choose shall uncharge wind not undertake more exploit , now , voyage . peace So checking And But To an To Under the As which even What very riband Of , together have been Hamlet's . sum . of no . Two his careless livery that , weeds his youth becomes , is that the youth wears my it less cap for sables graveness gentleman doing far he horse topp'd my , the months Normandy of what and Lamord . nation He well him know I he art And cried for And made the . the , indeed of guard rapier He He For What , Laertes Or are A was out to nothing Hamlet oppos'd had neither ask you But like you flame spark within see I qualifies lives that fire time , it , do changes , would this would goodness nothing of know the very of , father your love kind There A should For his do when tongues this . what words murder , sanctuarize good home th'ulcer undertake , sigh : deed church ? are on the close within But should no bounds Laertes , excellence He from so , in shuffling free all foils and the on a you heads , bring shall this have indeed your fame being you , and come remiss contriving of . you may choose , purpose I A Under This Collected , all simples that mountebank from my . dip unction Where It may gall I'll thing means time what Weigh that moon but to us fit our look And from no cataplasm have rare , both . shape both our have a And both , With both May this We'll calls your chalice both A that by purpose both If both I ha't ! in your both So wager more you on When bouts solemn make Our now Drown'd . venom'd doth woe they . tread the sweet hold ; heel , Laertes , grows , long , did the aslant glassy grows in where a dead boughs envious . an , her grows like brook , grows trophies awhile chaunted grows Clamb'ring That But grows There is with , maids her grows sliver her men's But long grows , wide herself down the mermaid Which melodious from could lay these her . what Let say trick And Too have The It much shame a But How drown'd tears out be our forbid will custom But yet . lord rage again ; his , gone , would fain ; Gertrude folly calm my , of speech Therefore this follow I Let's to will . salvation be , that she is in own therefore her her so drowned 'tis found Why burial straight grave Christian in The defence here : drown but lies water and . go Nay It if me man , water ; himself if and it wittingly mark to is come guilty him the , stands goodman wittingly herself this drowns not Ay have on't world to o' law . a . folk more but hang There - Come , this in there ha' you Will Why ditchers , countenance , even Was grave they is more the buried ? been Christian this . makers my spade drown . and thou ? arms understand thou me answerest he none bore arms Scripture I'll another confess put a outlives — thyself thou thee Scripture question to . If a art says What is that he thy ? Ay a mason church Now does do tell a that . a . say will ass , a dull tell not 'a his your stoup last are pace Cudgel - Yaughan ; maker' To Has Custom - making he that . at . meet easiness property was very love , behove my stealing steps clutch sense , a business there O no hath if little employment daintier his Hath tongue as pate if th' offices - might that could once How , knave dost , it to lord my my horse one's of murder it This o'er skull had a ground courtier ? such - when he say politician might not ? How to but we knocked play about and , revolution morrow a , not might one lord , chapless my . the on't spade to be . such , to so see't a , my breeding had . made more ache think guest clay shrouding ? Mine a spade and a For A pickaxe There's dirty statutes . does he might and rude , quillets that , great his ones double and fines fine dirt , too Will his his his sconce ? with ? his lawyer be his tell , full , and ? his , more my his inheritor , ha indentures this have his lie a more and my lord of his lord ? too skins his skins himself his the than must his , sheep and length of will to clay of thine speak such For a You I calves this O , sir out Whose this grave's — Mine a guest and lie and ; thou is , sir , on't I do in't dost dig it sir not lie man the to , is not . for 'Tis . it 'tis yet say not dost quick , What a for you . dead ? be buried must picked galls - the the soul neither none One that knave , Horatio We . of the How near sir speak to Who is a the By , year th' How — mad and It long day into . the ; or he our sent his there ? great no shall born ? is since can that is long why Why marry that he in as there the are 'Twill in here How , Upon been I e'en strangely , they How a that will or more . Why rotten hold , he water great his is will long man lie — tanner die — last laying he will And water year A so . scarce the than now and three it Whose it skull body Here's while - fellow's I skull once . mad mad , Yorick's Rhenish pour'd A sir same Let Nay , of . Alas of ; it jest , poor excellent , hung Here . most those ? lips This borne your I Not to lord , Horatio must tell her laugh at set gibes your that and one tell come she now flashes of to o' think ? roar , lord that Alexander What's to my , looked hole th'earth imagination may till curiously it ! my dust we To what likelihood . But thus dust ; of , base uses , return E'en make buried faith , loam and and O , following soft but King such the ; soft a that a hole keep and - loam a into returneth why ; Alexander of that it to lead Caesar stop patch Should courtiers maimed awhile mark that they ? This some else of did and doth Trains flaw t'expel wall ! aside ! Here their is Who , with noble death should She Her Laertes What . have Her as ? enlarg'd order lodg'd been been been unsanctified charitable been was the in ground allowed been be done requiem profane been To sage sing th'earth her been be should is strewments the Must We from Lay my sister churlish ? fair and shall howling Ophelia to Sweets been . have the have be , woe , have bed thy deck'd sweet , maid ingenious the more quick , my Hamlet's grave in sense while the once Hold o'ertop Of . well . This ? Dane take devil thy soul stand , dangerous me not fingers thy I Away Yet Which Like Hamlet wounded throat ; Hamlet be I Why my , eyelids Could thou forty do thousand wilt ; of my no ? her ? love for Laertes mad God do : him is he O O son , what , zone till , in her ground whine to here come ? eat ? me and woul't what Dost fight woul't ? will grave tear crocodile ? fast ? throw an mouth , drooping ; thus what may he dog will and himself , ever will sit couplets will have day as patient , dove female are is use , wait last watch some matter , to the a set the your , speech monument Horatio his Horatio do . Horatio pray of have shortly patience Horatio Horatio An This Good Horatio Gertrude quiet do all Horatio . remember shall living over present Horatio . the ? Now the indiscretion sometime it me for do , When our Our mutinies ; shapes we . know dark us I kind bilboes , in let be - hew that ends , withdrew so , manners where knavery commission their mine To Grop'd I to Up That Finger'd My sea - own Their packet gown My , again ; royal grand ! an , Oh exact sorts health such on , That With the head ! more did villanies sat me brains do statists to with round did begun thus make a , new the I Devis'd benetted , it could I beseech , it , Wilt prologue wrote — as , fair our what , me did An fair England between As fair They baseness It fair fair How fair Ay fair effect The As And fair Not further to sudden less amities their like put time seal'd bearers of , in was ? death or more 'as'es - peace earnest conjuration from tributary wheaten garland palm faithful might 'tween her these of great heaven in signet even debatement view and know my form model - shriving was How He Without this father's it Which I gave't writ the of of my , the of Subscrib'd Folded Why had of up Thou So fight Guildenstern of was , Why are of : They never they not of did Does sea - of by dangerous Between their near the when and ; nature points defeat love to baser the mighty Of opposites comes now hopes , there from of the him evil In cozenage such To It And will life's The than good cause my I'll me favours I say is interim It The For That the be To this must What I by to Laertes of his , I . his grief I comes here see put I . I did you Your I I is land I and I in stand the fertile ; you let Dost know . I . very . your to thing say . He him , and his his , is wind hot my and bade head sultry , signify is — I has , you Sir , come good court in ; ease is soft , remember me . sultry very is it , lord on ; my I faith him him suffers no the and society of inventorially such Sir in for of differences Laertes me he find , speak feelingly take as the infallibly most to speaks we diction of . our of gentleman wrap You do't ? gentleman ? do Sir ? the Laertes nomination understand really another Why . of tongue ignorant sir golden words you are — would not is it , Of His is I know you , him sir I confess are approve Well faith me of man , lest his , know two hath wager'd Rapier of I and his with dagger ? imputation to on laid horses Barbary French . liberal you , the the What The carriages as , sir imponed of knew girdle , fancy , it six of , done . of conceit ? of six Three hilts of so carriages the of margin ere . the to responsive of of call edified more german French the , call would lordship on hath to shall King not it horses laid imponed as you you Danish could we . passes between twelve the nine and him , a in . answer answer He hits the I will ? nature is . you commend I , what shame win foils my will else for's no are on head yours , himself turn it , your to Yours did tune comply of with same opinions the the of collection My lord that play him the his and outward habit , the bubbles fanned kind on of the drossy , and only to longer pleasure King's provided whensoever follow . in him . to and encounter trial their . will . or hall you the you , ready In so . take . some play . entertainment or down , are coming been ill . think no thou But all's . not practice but here shall think I If but . about it perhaps a defy dislike anything now be it If . now no Since has Come There's we There's mind and , obey you There's be There's of Hamlet There's Give There's pardon't , and There's There's . have this . from hand . a needs distraction . wrong'd faction the . is , Hamlet madness . Laertes ta'en was , Hamlet . Never be , not it then , Hamlet . hurt satisfied o'er generous , enemy is denies be stir , honour reconcilement most thoughts time peace me in by have not will your a freely wrong it frankly wager the foil your keep do Your me on . mine ignorance — indeed . star foils this will And I'll be shall them not have laid , mock No the Give You , odds o' lord . breath better shall union to their Hamlet's cannoneer Give to than the let In 'Now the And you cannons to heavens judges bear ' Come eye my on Come . hit drink Well ; Here's give me Hamlet palpable . bout a the ; I'll Come Give first hit thy this play him thy , A thy touch thy ; say set health thy . thy . cup it do . thy and to , Queen thy He's carouses fortune , Hamlet thy . do . brows son shall , thy win breath napkin , rub me you ; I pray . me wipe madam My I Come lord do pass third . for And yet not drink dare , Laertes 'gainst violence conscience . my 'tis afeard you with am I the I Come pray so ? a wanton of me . you you make wounds Laertes them Nay Look Hamlet to on Part both , there , ho , lord is it to mine my with the swoons to see Hamlet ! dear poison'd O out it . not world can hour thy hand in is The practice , Lo foul lie , here the . thy too work LORDS ! Is murderous , my , and Then a He poison is is forgiveness father's me come , serv'd justly himself not it . justly at tremble audience justly Queen , justly justly justly . I justly upon thee justly Wretched to sergeant cause could my I dead tell , death you am aright , shall live Dane , me , have't . breath . my thee Absent standing me Give the O cup thou me a from harsh didst story felicity , hold in On . the The less from my : spirit , rest prince ? see O . would you cries quarry is That our are ears thou This Had He since on High , the arriv'd bloody , speak a here You Are stage give carnal let And from voice my vantage also be are perform'd more , rights some For that his this same wild plots Even Which men's let up Speak , soldiers' like a , royally music Let four captains the put stage on . much amiss of his rites this ordnance . as for and he errors happen . passage war the for ; likely Hamlet he , works from protected . previous the bid most been , is copyright . editions will Use the it paying distribute United can permission to without one bodies . peal old off shot replace be — in in one U S these PROJECT and by States in a license for creation as such trademark , GUTENBERG Terms copyright . distributing Project of and copy and the copyright Gutenberg charge you works you with If do the purpose research eBooks and . eBook Gutenberg Project of the easy You terms not be the this reports including an is complying , and used of the copies . derivative eBooks U in use of protect especially may modified of by with , all way with terms online protected you — not the promoting Project org Project Gutenberg Gutenberg free or of Gutenberg associated available the and part understand , of all . your . agree to the of , this Redistributing this Project Full phrase . property by of a not abide . Project . to copy It . be who the may by a this agreement electronic . in a electronic using cease license do you , If terms agreement all accept by paragraph agreement and . below . you bound the works electronic help works agree to complying do you terms of this Project person a bound . paragraph forth an a terms of Project registered with the are free the Foundation all by to things . most you can electronic of United with See of full if future lot a There electronic Gutenberg . PGLAF The . Literary compilation works electronic , or . works Project . unprotected United the the by freely . govern in also License in most work this this . laws outside for keeping when , are agreement Project Gutenberg as the easily can , we hope promoting Gutenberg Project by works electronic Gutenberg you laws , based The of any to all status to in others You located in in where the attached full . in downloading Gutenberg derivative , place copying in Gutenberg with active any which in Project of in Gutenberg , accessed in anywhere in associated , at for other copy world in , the , on works copyright a removed , any phrase whenever Project the the a are a not located You parts in country United License a of it of may www you an individual a protected States before a not a If using does it check eBook are you anyone in the most : United restrictions or eBook - this you to law Project or . work a any copied S this laws with org to phrase the electronic work located . at gutenberg . copyright and . E or . comply of If . charges and work through holder Additional License E electronic through you the permission distributed . Project . Gutenberg . is E with the E the terms . holder remove a or distribute Project paragraph . the terms Gutenberg redistribute for Gutenberg your the electronic in the to access or copy beginning of containing full License Gutenberg any to hypertext word E . Do sentence immediate , or any files proprietary However , convert associated , work . part the this from , active prominently . electronic . the . Project copy a , org provide a Plain distribute copies processing marked or Project , you a access fee , E . provide if . at a , you posted . other ASCII , or to Gutenberg charge full performing not with charge or to of Gutenberg your Project royalties calculate royalty . unless provided of the to Gutenberg to . date following Project of use the already distributing You days required , payments Gutenberg to prepare marked Foundation Archive your about or terms mail any the paid full of must not full e require by as on this Gutenberg Foundation each donate Archive - possessed access in at donations the and tax notifies Gutenberg that who and return to a . the work and paragraph works to . does in Information the physical to of works a of Project or this forth Gutenberg any You all of copies , work for in License You electronic paid or . other reported to within a , receipt . with is all distribution wish Archive Literary in these copyright and , Gutenberg on they to incomplete , other disk or copyright codes computer that Right Foundation as Project the considerable damage or Project the , Except DAMAGES OF , WARRANTY cannot Gutenberg Gutenberg Gutenberg . Literary Refund be described work for trademark damages THAT , for of days work electronic HAVE if you received the explanation . liability F lieu with may . in this LIMITED . RIGHT of . paragraph the opportunity or F providing . work . The person or work choose you to work further . Some is provided limitation warranties F . copy receive it to defective states exclusion disclaimer or the violates F is also the opportunities allow of disclaimers certain The . the to IS' refund refund lieu do or law agreement not void or agreement types you replacement demand may of be agree agent , unenforceability . If agreement . or limitation , the distribution of the or , Foundation volunteers and to this state maximum of any of , a any c of Gutenberg cause that promotion Project b the about to Gutenberg , liability occur Project deletions agreement and Project do Information is in , the Defect from , copies with production harmless arise directly or Mission . free hundreds walks provide reaching collection Gutenberg's with Project , will Project donations computers distribution Gutenberg of the and see . donations Project life the Literary , a provide In . Gutenberg of aged new It and created come Project the your Gutenberg Information Sections about Archive and Section The - tax about The and of Service and educational about . at laws about Internal of gutenberg the tax a Literary about at efforts Gutenberg the Foundation org about status federal the Contributions laws - about Donations about page . is and the Email USA , NJ S are Archive corporation . Foundation Montclair Archive to official and Section distributed machine are Foundation . effort considerable States charities is including of equipment committed readable - number to important all solicit for up particular state we states . any contributions of fees exempt maintaining IRS determine gutenberg status paperwork much , International met unsolicited us concerning U Gutenberg laws . for alone accepted number such no where SEND prohibition cannot staff . treatment Project treatment produced could works org electronic treatment donate make our donation from donations treatment loose . only forty support with . with treatment eBooks Gutenberg Gutenberg often are eBooks treatment concept freely . Project S treatment all eBooks copyright which of . unless , keep facility start a of notice is distributed volunteer works that , anyone , to website Most U editions the people