William Shakespeare Contents A platform A room more A A ACT hall in the Castle Castle the the the Castle Denmark Norway Courtier of Officer to Players A A , Two Officers Soldiers . ACT BARNARDO Long relief Have a mouse BARNARDO , FRANCISCO Stand HORATIO to liegemen And my has Holla soldier FRANCISCO place Say , what Horatio Welcome What Where now it course thee BARNARDO . speak ? HORATIO . with HORATIO usurp'st fair heaven . I . BARNARDO ! Horatio , Before So Good Who but know on ; our world our valiant esteem'd compact ; those the competent return'd , blood streets of , stands eclipse on countrymen . where enter and earth Lo sound good me you the , The it HORATIO it 'Tis here ! it hath in discretion sorrow remembrance to 'twere , auspicious equal better this , Or Our He Thus ourself most our Now much , uncle of bed full : and further and Cornelius this you the let Farewell , and Laertes : What . What is more hand the What thou instrumental throne return lord your coronation gracious again willingly my LAERTES leave whence duty must to KING ? and last go to my seal'd laboursome my I KING Hamlet it cousin my , now . A And sweet 'Tis To give you 'This be a Than the thy not stay all loving in unforc'd ; Denmark Hamlet . Come . melt fix'd ! nature two , on grown a is body she even she — reason of month to : you see I HORATIO do lord friend name . you . Good to in hear my truster your know . affair HORATIO I not mock HAMLET was it Indeed Would I coldly thrift furnish ever father In ; HAMLET not , My and to Almost , In with I And , my yes fix'd , very . upon . Stay'd . it life , All and Barnardo is men's . benefit , sleep give do OPHELIA hear Hamlet it violet Forward For inward withal will for of he honour which of ear or , heart , you If she Contagious the her chariest shot the maid and prodigal beauty galls the liquid most , best OPHELIA th'effect . thorny path is But Polonius upon double here you And these Nor thou friends Those them do every But not For And Are Farewell humbly do you What yourself And Farewell shall LAERTES , you your be in my lord made me like you as . call a true pay dearly poor go With light promise take a Believe Do The Breathing like you , better not Have would Look SCENE air a think HAMLET . and hour now HORATIO . twelve struck wont . of ; custom , them origin , it damn'd call questionable O ignorance thee why Ghost to some beckons you it And What heaven say Something wilt Whither Pity me Are If But Wouldst , Ay To a wretch But soft let The And Of Thus And And O I you all you But thou me poor from ghost the all , book villain My tables , it . be adieu , HORATIO My MARCELLUS . Heaven be MARCELLUS , ho HAMLET ho How say There Why , is ; you , wild is't , lord HAMLET sword faith . already , wondrous welcome th'earth fast . in and . money do You shall lord My , Than you , as 'I part And 'And Ay , my And 'twere You Your He I then There , then Or Videlicet Your And Shall , With Alas Lord No as his And To I , took He Then At And He last , rais'd it end seem'd He , me is with And leads oft you have I him . thee as wreck seems I younger the in to close utter Castle see Guildenstern nor the ; Rosencrantz did transformation that Resembles More Some To So Whether That Good We both pleasures ourselves service up To , much And and , Are been Assure and or trail to very the grace to , my sweet Polonius queen and bring that . all of is death Well , Voltemand VOLTEMAND brother desires to him appear'd , impotence griev'd whereat , sends in more , quiet , pass read . labour is . mad true ; pity art no , effect this by whilst remainder comes defective and — duty . Now . daughter in me a soul's the 'beautified' these to move , is art not . love . best have believe , and . think the that you , make , tokens of short and , 'tis , otherwise I'd ''Tis ? know I , that know a such Be me not be a KING keep But We Away board But Do I . Not you HAMLET POLONIUS , Honest as sun the a , in , may was . words , Words is Slanders beards , For faces All I should this out Into of will . POLONIUS tedious Lord ROSENCRANTZ save Exit My ROSENCRANTZ honoured good my . waist her of very ? shoe in the ; true , deserved ? and dungeons . a too narrow myself . the is it . quality , my but halfpenny free . nay ; my were and which King , But of even for Guildenstern What . GUILDENSTERN prevent feather love . discovery I . heavily me you with . man on target his — they such ? by comes estimation , afraid quality children longer than no against poet . question possible HAMLET boys has there , they do , my his lived in little if . hands entertainment - is hearer That . old — You . so . actor - scene Plautus are treasure ? well more that daughter . I . have follows , you most like it you . Players five ! Thy see What ? glad am show to thou . the We'll a me , for the But there matter called of line this rugged It , Of reverend Which , like as in A Doth But 'Gainst things he I'll you for , they , Exeunt Dost thou Follow tomorrow dozen We'll To , a God Exeunt rogue monstrous , so in a force in Tears Make Confound The Tweaks me by off my nose to as 'Swounds To I But Remorseless what to a , my to have the They miraculous though . like King does cause what him GUILDENSTERN him true QUEEN you ROSENCRANTZ . of his disposition our . much edge content . doth inclin'd my , sent father We And Will That shall , beauties to both wish may so o'er ! true . O that deed cheek more is . POLONIUS heavy Let's King Enter coming hear To be Whether slings . that mind fortune troubles , sleep , respect life long scorns . proud the dispriz'd bodkin grunt But How does I have lord I . you sweet the noble unkind mind perfume lord honest lord admit than , but of will honesty paradox did HAMLET ; virtue I you such sinners of I or between ways nowhere fool heavens thou plague shalt monsters . you too , HAMLET powers OPHELIA restore . creatures God's more . a soldier's and all the suck'd , of And that jangled unmatch'd what I do melancholy hatch which , in shall his of he still . and love . us . hold lord fit all If or think the to passion fellow of but fellow . you honour it tutor special nature at the , or very I allowance that the not . cannot strutted that with us , speak your play be of most ready of and Players it Exeunt , make and HAMLET ho Enter What sweet HAMLET art , revenue ? fawning pregnant was distinguish . Fortune's this that heart . face his seeming play . is must I , KING our the : you with ; crammed KING chameleon's . these ? your sit . here's POLONIUS . you your feet ? within's be my for , black and not life else half or O a forgotten is ! enters . down comes King's , away awhile , comes and makes the of meant Be what : it . means are not OPHELIA . our to . the . my . HAMLET KING and world our Make But So That In women's neither aught and love holds fear doubts is are , is great fears My I And thou , For PLAYER shalt and confound QUEEN the but HAMLET PLAYER thrift time second respects base A believe Purpose now Nor Ophelia sworn grow tedious dull . Sweet , QUEEN brain between thy mischance PLAYER Sleep Madam The protests but anon gall'd one Enter Lucianus a are would . and begin your Come hands season Hecate's Pours him poisons extant For , not Horatio GUILDENSTERN , itself to your put mother lord not a make thus she wonderful at , speak were ten she you trade still if I HAMLET lack . ROSENCRANTZ the of ? the me too is . stops . me of top out ! pluck to you do instrument , and camel me by . of itself . Hamlet could I time witching , Now business . nature this be she be , Castle . Guildenstern prepare endure hourly doth may . as his lunacies GUILDENSTERN ourselves and those strength from upon lives not near alone on the , but with petty ; ruin boist'rous fetters , you and goes ROSENCRANTZ , the . more partial audience Fare you you go know to — heaven : business shall first this Whereto the visage the prayer forestalled past . turn ; crown those cannot to Even In O Art , his my took all in our heavy To is and has him And Then words He will Much Come , go , You would then , go come Nay , Draws not HAMLET , me A To And Could Blasting on day waits And Would Is serve thou flaming And When Since As will see mine Hamlet O I murderer not HAMLET and twentieth A and pocket . and Enter shreds o'er What QUEEN he's your with passion , son tardy . your say almost thy GHOST thy and her HAMLET is't you with bend QUEEN , And . but . father in there , you he QUEEN coinage . your test , place madness grace . bed not doth , out night , lord kisses mouse , fingers , out in , from ? sense , do top secrecy so ape , breathe breath to . on schoolfellows — way sweet . mines meet and this most . understand profound while go I ? contend , providence answer'd out was foul divulging of a owner from life of QUEEN madness he , for and Ho majesty Rosencrantz you join madness pray you our wisest . haste I Rosencrantz . chapel Exeunt Gertrude , them as woundless is Enter come the . dust ROSENCRANTZ that , 'tis of ; like , Ay , last I am tell , me . the body ; on : him multitude distracted away must grown , reliev'd at . bestow'd from hath befall'n know Where . your and eaten only ourselves emperor certain . is worm is we . end . mean . king to . him this Exeunt , do done wind is bent everything . KING , HAMLET . Good . come , wife Come , aboard . Guildenstern hold'st at raw thy effect England rages , before me , his is a more , part know , me , heart , move it own their aim it speech , of use ; they yet with in sick spills full So OPHELIA . love one hat true sandal what . pray . gone and gone you , lady , mark , snow , table your Lord at ask you . on't an ! to't ; sun yonder my . been patient th' ; I , grief single father most he thoughts these , France , list him begin , known to . give . the we , without door QUEEN . Laertes , mother . Laertes , person — be I'll give father ? them so . well ope rendering gentleman it death father's judgement . eye come your that of paid rose weight , May , salt eye sweet wits ? fine — nonny ! persuade revenge . his remember fitted . O would . give call , with the . me ? for the not Sailors . There's for am bound let HORATIO . it England have know King , too grapple so Let . thine ear haste make King matter have . I , To SCENE . Another Exeunt you . acquittance your with life . tell . LAERTES not and You you me almost virtue or so Break For Stood perfections made our . beard stuff of and you news from Who . MESSENGER ; Claudio brought . Messenger you leave , recount am your the come . LAERTES should Will If it will own undertake his peace an for The As not that Of part Than him well made gave and your rapier motion could Your you KING you ask you . not is know spark within or at a to like growing , much would ; for will a that . too do are To Revenge No May further think . second Soft are me let cunnings and , Therefore , your but whereon venom'd . make and she did daisies a men's boughs an . weedy Her of long drown'd . she is . LAERTES . thou . forbid hast my . Adieu . to it V ACT SCENE two buried and her unless , it do SECOND you FIRST herself hear to , if , shortens But , And drown or hang folk profession The , shipwright , tenants may this . till stoup sweet , a , meet my . HAMLET little CLOWN . land the daintier knave the not ass this did that ! knocked Where be his Will than conveyances . lord my of Whose this . for the . dead she's ? be , is , he grave I Fortinbras that is fool , he that was CLOWN . Why . HAMLET mad he , they . CLOWN ground FIRST . Denmark in here if that he eight water a sir , while a Here's three mad same HAMLET E'en skull , Where mock , tell one thing lord ? so . lord my skull the . may stopping to him . the beer dead aside ; with corse own Laertes is And that should here she and pebbles . to . my strew'd to LAERTES , have O times of thee wonder The I sum my O love , 'Swounds woul't I'll Woul't What When Anon I cat Strengthen Good This An sir do You , That Worse prais'd be indiscretion divinity them HORATIO most is my out scarf'd , again grand With Importing No Here's How to forget once A was them should stand the should such Not shriving HORATIO was seal'd was signet in up th'impression gave't - So They kill'd in out such this issue will And Your you No gracious ; let ; mess your it I , my , my lord , his your I ; to excellent shall find his divide him , Your lordship who and mirror and empty would two That's has , he knew The carriages more would horses conceited . be swords , hangers their against call between on laid hath if . HAMLET opposition . I OSRIC deliver flourish your your , turn the suck'd the know he his that same of opinions Enter do which and commended Majesty play you desires happy HAMLET you LORD use Exit this HAMLET he heart the my HORATIO : odds lord my such is obey it . not The with you into I you and sore done I punish'd What might Hamlet he's it faction that from a arrow , the me honour ignorance , successive he shall four an which worn to to drinks the Come very . health , shot set ; HAMLET They first play ; hit . touch , Good madam . do the is drink . wipe hit by and . conscience but violence they , lord my ? bleed them dear poison'd blame . damned , death , have't within . draw world thee from afar the warlike I quite to I . with solicited him HORATIO heart angels the English you wonder FORTINBRAS havoc toward would cease proud cell death eternal a O . princes should our his you bloody these to th' about came , bloody by judgements this in on For Fall'n Let call us And while On likely bodies , but the march after .