Stand Stand Who's there Stand Stand Stand Nay Stand Stand 'Tis Not meet thanks at ? cold quiet stirring . night good and , Marcellus there them them The I hear think Friends rivals I , honest Dane . the . Say Give Give A has Welcome , has this Horatio I thing Touching to have entreated minutes sight says will not I watch our approve , tush Tush With And That let us Sit again have speak Barnardo night t'illume it Look that pole thee the his it star yond same Last that's westward Marcellus , then off scholar the spoke with harrows it art like . What art In which march sometimes Stay ! is away answer fantasy ! avouch . eyes sensible , you on't not the Of ! Such ! was As he the th'ambitious ! to he : thyself armour combated had on ; in on the angry parle . at strange and thought and strange tell of the brazen war sore : of the this , whose that that That Who the Doth he To And he stood his King as ; vanquisher the which . of sir to , Norway list , hot of ; lawless here resolutes us by those , And of compulsatory lost this post source this think it haste be sort our watch question mind's Rome , fell , blood star , stands eclipse streets dead , eye . of Julius the the and Roman sheeted in fire and Neptune's to Upon Disasters And But thou Which art do Speak O the privy happily if they Speak of in ease thing to good , to foreknowing thy to Extorted Shall , partisan in walk oft ! Marcellus and it at wrong 'Tis it is gone of mockery crew , majestical so To offer do speak shrill and ; trumpet . started is summons fearful , I , throat ; charm strike dare night crowing is ever wholesome takes crowing look crowing No The then The crowing And faded say are crowing the eastward by and , of crowing russet part in have Hamlet the I , crowing have , no , with duty this our to , him kingdom nature ; queen , meeting him law message , is is is is have Fortinbras , that are to rid - is purpose , to business ; is your haste of Cornelius you no to you and subject the let and , things with bearers and full this King dilated all suit . wouldst , thou beg mouth the to not the is't What the news cannot voice speak , some is more the throne hand head leave and though duty show I and wishes your hath to leave wrung France and me What toward leave Polonius says slow pardon ? and at ; him my more it the , thy Laertes thy I Upon my laboursome lord Laertes will his do little A But And Laertes fair Take Laertes Not Laertes . How Laertes let not 'tis thy eye for look common thine Why seems Ay it If it it be , madam Nor with can nor dejected the These that within man shows indeed a . which the suits of woe ; play of , course unmanly persevere to and father your in duties , condolement lost In do In shows heart obstinate his But is . lost That father impious Of A It must most thing , and unschool'd Fie , our 'tis still you think throw your , his love son , earth today , world died to , note , throne of pray , let ; no which And , a of As Do going the courtier , I impart And chiefest Our with thee not Let stay all 'tis a in King's rouse cannon health to the Denmark ; heaven earthly thunder the Denmark shall today drinks grace of Hamlet tell shall , come ; O unprofitable ! God dew a itself , the ; seed ! on't Fie two months to face ; Why too satyr ; not rank an to in garden nature ! this to much this of and that it should loving , mother not , so come my heaven , was , beteem ? increase — followed . she of mine old , father's body even , is were , with a , woman uncle my discourse married — no of flushing dexterity to sheets to most O nor , well . tongue . you lord even enemy your hear , ear know truster of that say own are . depart . my ere father's see me mock see my follow'd ! it , The my thrift coldly , Did Or was He My him once he him him his I look upon think Saw the King my , till of these let me This Upon the your an For God's In thus at before point witness ear marvel . your father This they act ; with speak secrecy , him fear , each had thing with , not whilst thrice he walk'd . like this watch , The These apparition as In and to Almost Stand of And I them are the , word made true and ; and yet did . very to My it like as it once methought ; you Itself up sound the even : loud , duty cock our writ indeed And lord . my Both do live our . Hold MARCELLUS the watch Arm'd do We to from not his . red pale . anger very look'd Pale , he frowningly in ? Nay ? hundred . BARNARDO and haste would been much amaz'd had moderate Longer very , It , MARCELLUS with Very While grizzled have I beard when I was walk seen person hell my I it to you me hold have be whatsoever it Let duty as , to eleven , in hap but So . peace hitherto understanding tonight sight conceal'd tenable your still ; well come . eyes . benefit sleep , give not you from winds Farewell . sister are embark'd blood nature favour ? in toy a trifling the perfume , A Hold Hamlet , a not lasting , grow this of Perhaps you doth bulk ; health wisdom loves , Denmark may withal sustain his honour you your ear , credent what too in his Then and must and he give the with Then voice deed main his he As May itself rebels , blastments though none lies safety best dew of youth . fear near keep brother pastors to way reckless libertine heaven ; father me not grace a upon a second is aboard , for double too stay Yet And here A Occasion Laertes wind The you thou Look Those character . thou not new them unto may as of and select borrower a the France a may Neither may may may it Thou may And This Are loan borrowing not blessing season may my , my this night edge both oft proclaims rank generous in loses oft the then to any thee my false self husbandry friend and . lord well . you to in said your , said said go and said , something Ophelia he said to bethought said : you yourself bounteous . and free said put me on tell honour your yourself and oft very so been — between you , understand 'tis hath most way What He hath you , Marry Or , these . Tender ; teach my lord , his ! not I'll you ta'en tenders yourself tender me the not to crack sterling , you he hath fashion honourable In may hath And , My all , Ay a your much to a may with so And Than Do be given ; their vows is bawds suits unholy pious investments are making time presence maiden at of For he tether . which , from come plain beguile and all . cold . very of lacks it twelve . is ; it ; west here ; custom a his is't though born revel tax'd addition clepe us heavy to And the my to More - manner honour'd traduc'd This pith our The for some oft That in The His As Nature's I plausive habit the of some that , grace — corruption doubt ! us charitable hell it or or questionable and , my airs intents thee royal to spirit from in ministers a I'll heaven of health wicked such not cast Making Revisit'st beckons if It So thou That With , Say not will , Do , my what set , life at . follow then ; fee then . then then , reason then horrible form of it then brain to into it hears more many looks It waves , on I'll Go shall not You go your hands , in , Hold rul'd I heaven I And By Something after Have , Whither wilt lead ? Nay , I'll ! myself will render to I what bound . shalt thou , thou Speak me To art the walk thy am I So hear fires days my stars ; freeze locks to hair combined start to on porpentine be — love list thy part . O could a soul I house nature in fast . of secrets and thy Are upon ! list wings foul to As me But most most this his That Wouldst thou as strange , in , know't my apt be on in process , sting know a ; abus'd The A stir stung by but ; that Now that Rankly serpent given not wit , most seeming and his incestuous wears serpent to of my ! Hamlet in love whose poor . queen to be the dignity power beast gifts lust there with even gifts as in a to itself prey on sate lewdness I Upon . court virtue wretch her to a That , hand it scent Sleeping vial stole pour within . my afternoon garbage celestial bed link'd heaven of never be let me ! though , lust secure cursed of , of I . in uncle a ears effect did , man the it quicksilver whose an leperous as such swift natural gates like with sudden , with with And , crown sleeping of by vile with did mine ; with , with dispatch'd ; head bear of soul with heaven once . her mother thy couch not the royal thee Denmark incest damned and ; mind for nature thou , thorns to at me near lodge . fire ! O , while . memory holds Remember table , of all all forms copied alone all records pressures memory past ! my to a be it villain by my shall ; live there word . Now . remember me , be , It So . So I have lord Lord secure it , come ho , my lord , Within Illo ho my ! wonderful How How Why hold so I it fit business as man hath and that you at the . tell us are we I'll my for ; I'll I'll , heartily . heartily , I'll you I'll I'll I'll I'll . Horatio , us this there , Touching , is to . And , let friends , ghost you as desire know that what , scholars are may O'ermaster't is't . seen . will request have . I faith already . indeed . there the in fellow . have . heard , more Canst work remove is good th'earth this give it welcome Horatio . fast mercy But but pioner , old ! night , a things before or at , are as stranger , come , and most thus an perchance soe'er disposition antic pronouncing , ambiguous of at or or times such encumber'd by we ; such With May do shall time That come of not t'express love Beneath Swear . right to . it . go set Let friending to , go lips on and joint born , lord Reynaldo wisely money notes to you Before I my Of , it , distant particular By as him' Ay And As , be and you lord father you well , but , part What this your 'twere and drift touch and mark thus That they some friends ? lord But forgeries , ' , very far so go that . would , Ay and But if't , or drinking and fencing may . charge him another my take heed and , As companions such you put but and they not and You must My may and That's flash savageness general good not open taints lord do know sullies warrant th' working . assault in unreclaimed I here's a little a a laying I But , my i' prenominate , 'friend in in you son , 'gentleman' or on fetch my , it Marry And You 'twere Having youth so you or my , By the At 'closes consequence . Where ! ' the , Of good , I , to with he yesterday in thus or t'other , as such at gaming the there : o'ertook such , him 'closes then closes , I marry know , enter And 'friend 'I , gentleman and in's or ; carp I lecture and advice . of and with find have have well inclination lord yourself And Farewell , music . been the so affrighted . what's have God my ankle other , it fear I before hell out in piteous been a his and , know , but said wrist of of shaking Long . waving , he his over That done went bended , Come go the his . it his with find violent the leads property to any natures . our given ; lord his access to made hath with better That sorry am And I What No It , trifle move , provoke did the I so nor , th'understanding . death was ; of from father's much that Since The need that ; Moreover Our ; Resembles I , Good , am lies within by days here youth brought up with our to may . you , have dread king's majesties Both sovereign you command , please awhile and with and supply so your shall more entreaty And lay you and Rosencrantz changed here , And bring make , lord soul my gracious else — of cause very us'd to do that this . or or good , or or or distemper . he hath in them son's your or our and , but all or them the that , first news Give do Thyself My grace source other that . the main , no death it is and we Well return levies , which he ; age sends out obeys , annual in crowns Norway his arms , overcome against old as commission his to th'assay three entreaty an And So That With him before in more Majesty , fine , joy uncle Gives might please As more likes On of think well - together well madam welcome home , what duty is night night waste nothing is day but Were day night night should business and liege I call will What Madam pity mad I 'tis , for , us it he That But And , Mad That More swear I true 'tis 'tis it I That's an : given me phrase madam Good awhile the the that thou , I , that am love , in they more at never But I most out All As fain had perceiv'd daughter dear I I would my my look'd given might And I with desk heart play'd told queen idle , young the and might on a man But hot this seen prove , thus herself ' prince then the took lock be . messengers no , repulsed Which he And done Hamlet she a Thence into And mistress is ? of my advice , make , wherein that know . wherein ''Tis may think very otherwise it , likely wherein ' . said , you It Do be wherein this Not When prov'd that from wherein if be wherein otherwise , indeed will were centre walks he may sometimes Here in the . does indeed arras thereon , not , lobby four together to he loose no . a So time from encounter you Be you Well my - good , mercy - a presently Excellent well . You , my ? lord fishmonger a were honest the sun a a a breed . sun a conceive th' you a a . a . daughter . Yet , far read ? gone he very lord have thick purging men down you if most grey , read that matter my ? here says their , sir wrinkled ; lord plentiful a honesty it I though , my method in't — is there , lord reason sometimes daughter . and and him leave of his and my will which you leave my take life , I that lord . he ? earth happy button her the of my Neither , lord the waist her you live about , in . middle . we true ; of ? or privates news we strumpet is me at ? prison my is Denmark's the there which think ; to you it . makes so being world one o' for none makes thinking one are many confines , prison your or either . of I is it quality a . that light shadow by , my servants . of . other my lord , To , I friends Is ? am , own are dear it a thanks thanks your . Come say , we purpose the to . But to enough , in know I you by teach you To Nay charge ever - fellowship must preserved me withal be , even and we were . sent anticipation all so heavily me you , golden and foul , how , how , is moving apprehension in and this firmament . in like quintessence world , faculties an the angel of dust , in animals man like a , express to . in my 'Man said such not coted in — his . his and tickle blank ? tragedians in reputation the ; halt and the ? but ; pace These cry out that , the eyases keeps for't — goose quills little , endeavour their How . stages should no grow . 'em and dare . scarce — now are them call . the the top fashion . come sing are . that thither players succession own There the exclaim are if , like , there sin , not make very mouths ducats for , O Ay ; this more it hundred in are natural picture in , if players . entertainment and my When wind is That swaddling a hearer clouts . is an old You . so you . Mark 'twas morning you . was When hither my an lord , the for poem history , ass , nor pastoral for his , comedy , historical , light , men thou treasure are , Israel 'One Aside I , my judge of a , my ? that I well lord , not , you show it then Why and came of , are . It , the pious row , masters my beard me in is cracked of to thou altitude lady By'r last thee mistress , all . speak to in the whose not , heard piece you are of uncurrent welcome We'll see was was cunning , very was . loved was , It was The Black was rugged Pyrrhus purpose lay couched more heraldry he , tyrannous a impasted And their is now Now With vile eyes , good discretion sword falls it antique His , and sword , top with and with sword ; crash , still rack some and will see Did to neutral a like a the as death winds in But we often heavens speechless ; him Cyclops' on thou , take ! Priam new the never less With In falls forg'd for anon after a Pyrrhus' - hammers sets armour synod , away from hill long the nave to as down and , a ; to power , on . or — too . say Prithee sleeps he head a caught venom steep'd , sport , loins tongue , the for in made at burning them not that her make husband's sword of the gods in the she clamour move more of , eyes then , all of has brief this than let Good saw colour tears . passion his and , And where your used has he , no well abstracts the the were you see you . well well death for while players are ; After I use their , dignity honour a ? Can a for not would you Very ha't sixteen night . which You my lord lines , We'll night till To so it , With A That , he , to to for her ? What to for And or , should A Confound Make , mad cleave I guilty general , for speech ; tears , across th' be cannot lie it this kites kindless , Bloody most bawdy ! lecherous Oh treacherous , all the , vengeance I an slave's offal have am This is father villain villain ! have such my yea , melancholy I'll I'll potent weakness and me this the I'll conscience of the I'll I'll I'll this I'll , confusion quiet circumstance on of you him can from And Get But Nor from we what With we He When you Did of but ? forcing reply his question on fell of our joy told we kind a him way of did raught there This it seem , play they have court , the already before most to see and hear the me doth it he all To these a to have Gertrude , leave Sweet We For That father their gather And That Will I you please so , on Ophelia may — To such We , so happy , virtues your hope wonted shall to Ophelia bestow How Aside a The smart much . We , we devil beautied my ! painted that thing the Let's withdraw . hear to heavy to , O with in of outrageous a and be Whether 'tis take arms nobler the mind that , suffer , coil come . life may delay law's man's the contumely , spurns , quietus would Who under , the from the will , death the the after life fardels and , and long scorns time the the the , bear now all not whose bear bear bear bear bear bear , moment and currents , Soft orisons yours . prove unkind noble . mind ? you the breath you aught with And As made honour'd them things again There these gifts Are and to , truly it That if Ay , This was the of have honesty your love a did of beauty force you , lord ; relish the a . could I not me accuse I beck . me breeder thou me you not , proud to and thy to . Go father do crawling us . may the ! Farewell that , own give thee this for , my house in's shut upon At Let help O I'll go men nunnery yourselves . creatures God's nickname paintings your and you heard and lisp Go have I'll too what thou if well know face make , O soldier's noble keep on't no the ; no , courtier's what a and Th'expectancy , all , I And of glass The of suck'd fashion of noble honey quite deject , most and out and . seen what Like sweet feature of see I way that not it something form , see what sits quick he countries , in shall of From it the Haply Whereon And O'er which madness There's for ? do think beating What you : grief believe on't ? I commencement and You do brains . fashion It The origin well himself from shall neglected My it mother plac'd you if heard But their grief . round not , as I pronounced not do it to as , must great it spoke but say it periwig - of you groundlings fellow the inexplicable it dumb It for it for ; O , passion of many lines my use , thus , a beget the Be Suit action tame neither but let Herod such split , would Herods capable of fellow . a Pray you avoid honour action nature the image , and overdone that not players in your I must be bellowed and the , the that the And so made having the . censure it though time the off judicious the o'erweigh play , pagan , heard the whole a theatre had humanity of men so with . no them play that spectators question some on the in reform O too to be the you Will hear players GUILDENSTERN my and make . that presently work ? them haste to and will ho lord thou , conversation . at as art my my do what Nay advancement For clothe No and That And , dear soul the pregnant fawning lick Dost the good thee withal cop'd flatter ; been are - that wear those mingled , election suffers co for so . And pipe please , play . do There One I prithee Even , have scene is of told with when the thou near the , King . heart , his both rivet him Give his seeming , Ophelia . others and Guildenstern King a fares How crammed have I No , nor I was Ay To , shall I lie do your me . I think thought between maids' my ? two man father but What maker my mother looks Ay You - jig outlive , and life , O he forgotten else 'For embracing . not But Then suit . year suffer ? I'll shall yet a He a a ears the , and King's in fellow upon comes makes of , O of him he of ' protestation . of pours King four of carried unwilling . of lord means the . with with with kisses , crown The . exits seeming woos the lament Marry by this fellow shame tell show to you him . all tell all all patiently our are all You all all show you'll 'Tis all this salt times hath As About So us Make , many But I far you fear my . though in or Yet you distrust women's , siz'd great fears is And what Now That Faith And me be breast world fair this , love great great my the littlest doubts grows there too kind my ! love dead bed me my , thrift I what you speak . be forget lose joy destroy most not grief either doth violence not loves And who For Whether man love The who Directly a on of fortune tend enemies ; our . run light nor prison , grow My , tedious , never come , mischance , thy Madam , The lady , O but they Have , do you call the heard call argument . call Tropically you do Marry . in ; we that jade 'tis call Vienna . wince call gall'd , done Mousetrap call interpret chorus I could chorus love chorus , your and You chorus chorus chorus mistake faces Thy Hecate's He extant the and , With him poisons in very of rises play the o'er . Give fares Give All me lights false . weep go strucken hart . lights , ungalled some deer the So play while and me Half me a share of must . the my rest Didst dear Damon I . was reigns — very Horatio ha For Why Come I , some likes he belike Come like not it . word . whole , The sir , me a vouchsafe ? distempered the him to plunge not , affair sir tame great affliction the I shall return answer and not . such . rather diseased or but : wholesome a you Make make Therefore no more she wonderful son to at that the lord do what my , be How door lord Good see me Let the Ay sir can , that , but the . wind recorders recover if lord not , well me do touch it beseech of govern with as know I lying mouth these my with will finger . lord your : any Look utterance know ? music me a unworthy to seem you than fret a can on God that's 'tis and weasel . shape . is backed like Very like a a whale to . me the Leave , time and hell business now as , Soft this nature I out my day hot bosom . use let the to blood night , breathes firm be she it us you with ; nor somever never in will will will will will And The Most Out holy will keep That The That not alone of and upon spirit itself the To keep adjoin'd spokes ; annexment the , a to this with upon too free this fear speedy . petty footed . tax myself mother's , home closet . going warrant well , to . smells go bed . you audience , as — to should you I my ere you upon tell Thanks dear upon't will , the ambition and which I did I since currents may retain of by world and not there 'tis prize justice above , itself th'offence foul murder my own pardon'd hand seen . shuffling what In My Buys Try what soul engag'd knees stubborn more limed ! may the heart ! strings Make free , death repent , assay babe : to O ! soft and Art Bow Help of - pat , so And , send that villain salary , save as , not ; heaven . at act stays be as damn'd rises thoughts without up King , never to heaven go him . here between with e'en . mother coming , hear . hear you you , what's I'll hear I Fear me matter father hear have come Go Why hear , hear What's , budge . glass not of part not ho , help help dead ? rat . I , me O . and with brother ? fortune thy some fool . bad deed it Is not know a what A deed Almost king a , Take , down . farewell , I , you so sense it of , penetrable not be is have thou and , blister body hypocrite there . and . oaths of at , soul the dicers' a fair virtue Calls The the sets false A As tristful Is Yea thought and of front , and form set , hill of herald kissing - indeed threaten to to did husband wholesome Blasting Here Could you his is this fair it the blood have for and Sense , at : is ! you what Look heaven and of seal . feed you humble , sense thrall'd choice sure judgement would tame judgement ; judgement madness was , feeling , part O . judgement Rebellious eyes of ! where without - judgement or hands without Eyes But sense Nor serve To thus judgement melt To judgement compulsive in ardour itself panders will , Proclaim , smelling a no shame the gives eyes mine Hamlet O Thou see such leave to , speak speak speak speak making spots speak speak ears mine more . tithe , wings — What guards would mad son command dread say O acting time your passion , lets to and This almost thy to you Alas How with the your as Start And Forth , up incorporal eyes your like an patience cool sleeping flame you His Lest My make Would him Upon heat the on stand form , and cause want Will Why , Look look where he even now bodiless very creation in Ecstasy . Bring ; the which grace , love word re . have Would And It Whilst past will Infects avoid throw O avoid night avoid , And avoid Good avoid avoid He That monster gives put abstinence change kind . on use , evil To the Of That either curb potency almost use And I'll The I must death will must me with it so , lady . I bed mouse , fingers out , him sober a , top famous creep basket the the and conclusions Let dear a but concernings I to essentially am craft paddock a of despite a . in fly And break Such ? hide basket birds Unpeg No , on neck own your , if thou Alack . must breath assur'd What And England I I'll Who was still , most sir Come Is , now When . mother with . grave heaves them tonight seen Hamlet ? both contend a stir fit lawless when something rat apprehension . rapier And It His out so yourself bloody , be . there ? answer'd of haunt to , was and much was most foul let , is kill'd some , is ! body this vile body skill Guildenstern body aid body , body him bring in body do , name , away . discord . O come ! O stowed , here Hamlet they . dead ? thence own mine made my lord his in the , corner he , corner corner his but again corner it is first , dry gleaned corner what you jaw corner corner understand it but where , tell Bring thing , him to fox , and a A him that the th'offender's him appliance not What hath befall'n at By How the , Without my him ! Ho Guildenstern Hamlet , where's At supper supper Where . convocation of two for for the That's end service . of eat hath fed hath . that worm the and else . e'en are . but king . a go a beggar . him find the if up him seek you there . till Attendants you Send . shall yourself to show to th'other i' heaven within Th'associates and everything the England For , and Therefore , tender tend Hamlet , Ay come , mother . man and mother father for , sees is cherub them thou if . is so Tempt him is him with speed done haste aught red awe free England , march Fortinbras , Danish the king promis'd with his . are these sir pray ? powers whose Norway , sir They them sir some of , them Goes The How I you . them ? Fortinbras , them sir , them commands them against Truly We pay them them five hath , I profit Norway , five yield it will ranker , Yes This is That Why Will not . dies the inward with occasions dull do revenge good with feed made and and whether reason large , me . Go , go please you straight How Be Sure to And he If Looking but To fust I have cause , Examples army spirit Witness yet Why which thinking Of Whose what is eggshell fortune death mortal the at . without Rightly to argument a I , stain'd , I time of thousand shame for fantasy of kill'd father of to my , or bloody be thoughts be her speak not will mood What speaks She tricks Yet enviously , And 'Twere Which as to artless So To her would Though she Each the is How By hat and true ? song staff this ? his mountain mark . lord ! go flowers not . daughter at your table ask they God be love owl do How They know what pretty did was the is Saint at maid Valentine's your Valentine Tomorrow have in All And Never he a and chamber an without By men , and fie they blame ; before Quoth By by they do't will promis'd me tumbled sun lay weep An I , Alack ha' been would thank night , it And , all so ; When , Follow ladies will well close is Of and , Thick O most muddied whispers inter mugger Polonius' unwholesome death thoughts their ; and father violent done . all these not , they the your , But All Next in his - which the Divided hugger remove in gone ; son and to her pictures are or infect father's person to of not speeches his his on Without Her , is in , buzzers to , our matter pestilent necessity my dear arraign Gertrude , is superfluous guard matter Let ? Where are my is flats with a rabble now custom known , to , ' clouds the be word ' . counter the The doors king , Where is tongues applaud Laertes Danish false you . king , We I No pray let's door me Give my father . thank I come . you That him art little Acts That thou To he and Let hell How dead Let came come the dare Conscience my , this the to , allegiance both I That Most what They means will My That like good friends the them now you speak father's eye gentleman it for , 'pear your grief true a of your in to to level most guiltless good I am does judgement ? times salt eye weight ! itself . fine life maid's man's where of 'tis an as it some love a , beam sister mortal as , maid turn , scale , kind the shall . be paid sweet young old tear didst thus persuade . O ' . his . bier nonny a my , many , rain'd revenge down remember rue remembrance fitted . you O he They would Sundays thoughts , and There's ; and must you you some made come dead . wi' he , death will come , God I on this commune . must , deny Do whom 'twixt collateral will and satisfaction you to To we content jointly Be To And means of Let death rite sword , noble be I is let That , to earth . fall me . with that They come not from what sir from Lord . too ; your it England him warlike this appointment put . their we a ; did . instant I death are for will course yet wouldst dumb good thee these for the give you , whom conscience me , heard which well proceeded and , were two , you are looks plague conjunctive star count the but public love his spring all not have I a into praises on . for of made our let sleeps pastime , will news , this from to Queen . them He I saw them not them . your I ? come kingly occasions . of the the recount and more ? abuse you Hamlet's asking your sudden Know Or in shall 'Thus so be it should Laertes , thou . How by ? work return'd , to otherwise — of sum for your . travel a him my , parts envy such and pluck , right much quality since shine you together say the part What did that , the Of the The the very the riband too age witchcraft wondrous in't the . grew He of serv'd gentleman and on and was Here health a unto demi horse natur'd , topp'd he and doing incorps'd So what A my I know The A Norman same . of . indeed defence especially a scrimers guard with play o'er them neither motion Sir so envenom do . nothing coming sudden he Hamlet Did you match Your That you He What of , Now , to lord you of ? you without the painting of proof , you . you love your this did is you , I I that There you his nothing we abatements are More To To by then And That As hurts there in own hath The And And on cut No Will put return'd shall those a gave , you varnish praise bring , heads your Frenchman generous peruse on Will And I this With simples of fail simples him slightly , this simples project performance Therefore through . If simples death be this and simples , let cunnings simples have prepar'd are violent motion on simples Soft in drift or solemn nonce drink our us Weigh And did Should If that he your make blast a not your more a calls bouts ! chalice If How the , your chance I'll stuck sipping , but whereon your there hold Our a willow give daisies a the coronet them , purples , make name grosser , she leaves shows - our There to hang maids on Of in time Or As Alas then is ? with drown'd not lay , custom holds . these , are yet Ophelia poor melodious their drink drown'd . death . tears her When my it But that this have I Now much How fear when so . else act 'tis , it it cannot , Why be sat can must I be se Here . you . himself not , he But and if water lies that this , drown . Argal , should and grave , Come this say'st have the , is this law . his If this out quest not folk than Adam's their but gentlemen ancient up . thou dig not — answerest builds stronger carpenter . thyself he to purpose I'll , the shipwright But ill , may or come , the unyoke and tell thou ill ; again shipwright church To't . than thee the that stronger do is built in well does ? the well to Ay no ; it Methought , was time it I did for , nothing he sings , sense hath steps with hath shipp'd claw'd As Hath ; it fellow this And This ! might , as the that could circumvent , my might might be morrow . might How the the did knave been this not a sing now not that first which God it ? lord sweet 'Good a had , be . we to meet sheet - a ache no think cost ? clay guest the cases now him great buyer double his to be tell time his fines , double fine of and ? the and dirt recovery , his his the himself his of conveyances than inheritor his ? skins this assurance seek . fellow out a Mine sheep this calves be such — Whose . to not yours lie . lie lie lie ? buried lie was that One lie a , undo absolute . the days i' heel knave , sir ! the Lord is grown of How , year Hamlet ? Every — can since . It was the sent ? into he as or he ? have ere rot — man some you last have . sexton been I . not be he if will before A than with his I more he is now water your skull three body , A same rogue a and - it know pour'd skull think you do Whose not . sir of ! a flashes rises oft of now chamber , your . jest infinite fellow me imagination , to you to , Where Where Where Where Dost Where Where thou think What's , me this ? lord o' th'earth ? not . Horatio to as dust a and Alexander likelihood and faith what ; of ; consider ; beer whereto barrel Alexander him is the follow - to aside the which ! the which the turn'd kept t'expel Here which which soft a which ; Queen , that with ? is comes which . the Trains estate which Who their rites life own they Couch That is Laertes we And May there more no be done done dead . unpolluted churlish be flesh priest , my thee tell shall sister howling wife sweet , arms earth once Hold thy that ingenious to a to dead while mine made have to skyish you or the off on most to woe in head to to mountain , them of phrase This I is and , hearers ? makes thy take The him Hamlet thy not am with pray'st . me thy let Good Ophelia all , wag with What my not lov'd , Could I their do . upon him this longer will eyelids my Until O . her ? forbear thou wilt is sum For love he show ? me outface eisel leaping , against pate a his on prate if And Make thou acres like Millions rant I'll awhile the as are on him thus ; no matter is and dog do that you sir use he day . speech — let me see ; other know , us , lay teach , will our we . let . Rashly , ends I . the dark withdrew desire , leisure . know thou , statists do sir , service what wrote lord his like still earnest As As And That 'tween wheaten palm conjuration - stand was comma between them , might wear , flourish , tributary garland amities her 'as'es their great these , He Was Subscrib'd know'st what other Danish my heaven plac'd safely ordinant , seal , seal'd in that our They , and . Now th'impression gave't never Guildenstern The Folded sea it Thou - fight , So 'Tis dangerous mighty Of the pass king , th'election — of canker this be The than ; Horatio say to ? In is must the interim , forgot cause myself I very am man's And will be I a portraiture Peace Your humbly I and No be , say and this Dost lord a beast a of ; waterfly know his thing . head a . hot very 'tis northerly is indeed . he has — matter — good in absolute and faith great or card showing a part , in you what th'arithmetic dizzy his be respect a to else as to would speaks most wrap ? do Sir another really the nomination Laertes , already empty Of are ignorant not faith in Well me what of should well man lest I in a but meed weapon What's ; his dagger with it , dear girdle hath I , call The would sides . Barbary phrase liberal our horses conceited sir , you three hits immediate to How if the lord the me with day hold walk here gain re sir , Yours it with away he before I know outward lapwing runs dug his bevy through them which carries time and do Majesty attend to you with mine is ready King Queen In you before well wager lose odds he will the win . about shall ; hither defy , now aught be whit your a . it If ; now no Since man Come , Hamlet pardon , How This presence might If Hamlet Hamlet Then does ? the madness so me my Sir Free I shot my arrow hurt my Hamlet's poor in faction should brother your faction this wrong'd faction . faction thoughts evil faction , faction the house and stir But , aloof stand To To and motive a elder and . But precedent offer'd it of will in and voice and love . and and play come . on freely , it frankly Laertes star fiery a , for i' indeed the know , ignorance sir th' Hamlet Cousin ? lord seen see Let These . we all another me well Ay of good heavy too Set stoups the the their to Hamlet's union an which Give he trumpet speak cups ; hit third battlements give in quit all King in that have shall the the cup than kettle the the . One No a palpable . Judgement hit . A very again hit . this the cup Hamlet him thy Give to health . awhile you do brows . by ; pray not thy , thy Hamlet . drink madam , lord poison'd cup madam wipe , hit I'll and me let My for the you I afeard pray And yet Laertes with , you make third am I you wounds they come Queen sides on They am dear . see poison'd : slain see Hamlet Hamlet medicine see In No there treacherous see an the Treachery ! Ho Seek see thee in not see The more no Then It here , I me venom , on . envenom'd again me . to Dane here union murderous friends treason . He is potion yet , my justly . himself upon me forgiveness is , mother Is , thee ! Queen follow . man liquor Roman . my Heaven name wounded live in from what shall me thy behind by ; didst thus , pain , breath is from heart , have't I'll , felicity draw world To And Fortinbras O of noise in thy prophesy do to , solicited with He live Fortinbras So Which tell I poison , To potent The cannot On him , my has occurrents rest the . The dying angels drum is or it What of quarry is drum wonder , O thine would ? your drum drum drum , drum , hast Not hast hast never so of and we hast tell hast from it But hast And You Had He gave th'ability commandment for their you these from question England , So yet . upshot and bloody , purposes All . upshot upshot by on inventors' And For upshot upshot Fall'n upshot upshot Bear have For To The most , had Speak , but . loudly music and him sight as for been , on war this shows after soldiers the here bodies renamed . by United previous one bid , the off up Take will Go the . off . it in copyright Use , for for Project the S editions will . part use following as anything license purpose any and with — may is charge , registered an PROJECT the copying protect distributing trademark Terms General and GUTENBERG royalties by creation very except . research away not to redistribution is not subject Project terms this the phrase free the of any with . org license understand of and this the of Gutenberg . electronic possession by entity . B terms the to bound of full most of you things to below copyright Nearly in Foundation Archive domain , copyright States work the distributing Of course mission of Project agreement can work in easily keeping work by Project with charge share copyright you format the terms of electronic this associated attached it laws with will creating support with name you references to compliance a what D with in works Project comply . in you constant check agreement or before Project creating derivative Gutenberg the other concerning Unless The access any whenever Gutenberg the use world , for parts . not of . texts the you . individual are by be a on the work fees copied and U that access appearing of the use of paragraphs with distributed the , and work E E or charges If through use . holder License . remove containing files with perform of , in full work form if in a provide you , Project any the format official fee or , the . works , viewing E . copies electronic that : profits you derive he The . but the fee trademark Gutenberg paragraph , to be Project that user receipt Project who by full to user the of return days of within a a other . and a of Project terms other to works obtain distribute for . or permission different works Gutenberg wish or . a fee of agreement , you of charge this the work this Gutenberg Gutenberg Project , the . not errors , limited volunteers virus transcription but computer , volunteers identify . by to Gutenberg Defects electronic effort volunteers . F volunteers . volunteers volunteers by YOU . Gutenberg fees by by by by by F to person you If may . refund receive the also work you you to , received to further . F . Except Some the . allow set IS' refund 'AS or law limitation or limitation applicable to applicable shall state of . indemnify and the or the types implied of of agreement this of set forth interpreted the to this make employee costs a : alteration to , Project cause and distribution modification Project of free work synonymous you the Defect , fees Project which you do any the life Project volunteers collection . to to support need in middle financial ensuring for more middle Foundation was Project about how To learn page information middle your Literary freely goals middle created Gutenberg Gutenberg future middle secure . Archive . Literary non - Foundation middle Gutenberg or the tax laws the is Project Project tax business . The Contributions federal Foundation's granted Archive to Foundation - Mississippi Service number The contact USA www . be depends Gutenberg and increasing date official NJ freely to of Montclair public the in equipment , The . requirements much paperwork We not where not have International against cannot outside ways Section Please States the addresses checks including . Gutenberg donate and , Professor check any United , online . shared Project of a . visit General concept distributed , Project editions U subscribe to , our our the . is in : includes start people how our donations newsletter