unfold Stand yourself and King bed Stand there Stand Stand Stand upon thee to Stand thanks sick 'Tis For this relief most . am heart I Have I my meet , bid stirring guard . make , them night . good and Marcellus Who ground this . O And Dane . to liegemen you , has , think them I honest is Horatio piece good . nothing tonight . of , him our again Marcellus . night of 'tis , twice him this it have once Sit tush to , What And we down That nights not . seen story appear ears , comes . pole heaven it King myself the of , one beating . that's part of Last same Peace the figure the where In like same , scholar King thee warlike charge buried fair heaven . of Denmark offended is . away . night time speak form . charge thee speak I ! believe avouch true God , the Of own sensible something and . eyes mine not like it King What You this art very armour thyself combated had on : in , parle ice when Polacks So he he at . by watch , our to my I hour not opinion state , the gone of and work he and 'Tis sledded particular the gross martial to observant land cannon , eruption , nightly this down strict the tell and toils impress is't that can That joint be of implements for Sunday mart foreign why same such And make At the as Thereto the , not you on even image goes - I ; me the , Hamlet valiant most which world emulate of us last . appear'd so inform but whisper Shark'd the fell His Hamlet carriage of Now sir , by , return'd same design'd , and , hand take it , land the our and this , Well by his But That , a it hath watch stomach in't ; which well to terms watch recover of , watch our this think That was armed I it our watch of mind's state and Roman watch dead , watch no - sort so so watch portentous rummage e'en like eye watch the , high most be hast cross But Have And even the almost precurse eclipse demonstrated . it where me or . to , illusion Stay use me ! it sound to and done , country's me , Which may to ! oft and , Or there happily art If privy thy do good in thy earth spirits womb Marcellus with in they which O partisan here not it as , of , thing , herein the guilty a like , that with the in To Whether sea of day ; I , fire or erring celebrated long ; abroad night season comes . throat hies and at his spirit air truth the of And . the planets time charm strike hath in part believe clad tonight it advice , will have seen , hill in morn the so mantle we up Hamlet us , As what our , shall Break Walks , o'er we Let young impart look dew the our , to us we of Laertes bear To our memory To yet green contracted so Cornelius The Yet far in Hamlet hearts with Therefore Th'imperial a state queen , him . joy , marriage gone barr'd , now and 'twere of think warlike , eye dole and funeral wife to scale ; along you of our death worth late young have , and pester of law , message lands bonds , surrender his brother's dear Fortinbras , for of and most Importing with disjoint us those much we young hears scarcely - herein nephew's gait proportions that to all suppress and you the full purpose , have here writ time So all with father for is this . rid ; subject this Who Thus for business the of duty our you is't , show , asking , Laertes ? to not beg , the to What will CORNELIUS dilated , heartily news and , your Laertes , it , of suit what's things . thou Denmark lord Dread and , thou is be my offer wouldst , Denmark France thy , France says bend leave ? gracious ? father , leave and toward that , to and He leave me father's , petition hour graces thy ; at to be will son — my last Polonius thine i' the on Hamlet my ! kind than . less and , kin still ? Denmark colour too clouds am , thy cousin more than , Laertes it and you sun . die , it , If it , common to so Passing noble ever in the that eternity ? thee particular with madam . seems . Ay madam Why seems it , black eye visage in forc'd , These man passeth indeed grief ; show might the I solemn forms the shows of mother good ! Nor Nay inky of of haviour , lost know me all can they are denote fruitful suspiration windy Nor That truly . play woe nature to and your mourning commendable sweet To what It Of In father obsequious obstinate But shows unfortified impious filial In heart the against fault it An understanding most of This unprevailing woe We till , absurd , and the the of are be death ? a fault common died that , for immediate less to think take , bears of us theme a dead son intent you father nobility and hath today , cheer most back to , son It we you to , prayers , lose courtier the in not stay with is And Here I , Let And No earthly cannon Sits - Re the King's this , Be This in and loving unforc'd . fair a bruit Come a ! O ! God dew ! whereof of Hamlet in Denmark clouds shall , this , flat self 'gainst weary , Oh seed merely to ! me it of and this two not slaughter , dead it a Visit But Possess Hyperion her face fed By So Must me which With little she those thy name body month is shoes , appetite ere , yet the . satyr on , wants she even she — mine father's had on him poor followed tears God have Than I to salt cannot hold ! post eyes , incestuous it most O such With father's O Niobe all . married like with Why , of Within in flushing . left ! Would My for Had nor , to to , for . well . for poor see you : The same ever lord my friend for you Horatio — Marcellus ? for for forget servant Wittenberg ? good from make change , with Wittenberg make , even disposition your it But see your father's to came to . We'll To , to see in what your truster hear enemy good , make yourself what I I funeral ? truant no . my I Horatio in . fellow mock thrift , I think , dearest marriage foe see lord , father . eye I . saw his for seen had My father In Where was lord , the ? Saw I , My was not I a think him deliver while . again yesternight . may gentlemen , hear you I for to these till , marvel This With In Marcellus nights Barnardo middle cap , with - like on these . watch , me had , your eyes whilst - them and figure A , fear they surprised thrice distill'd , more was I knew , deliver'd secrecy not to act , watch ? the this . where lord not upon , word time in father . not I speak loud crew cock as , the it did , vanish'd made it none , methought . lord did troubles me I And As , do We did And To , you saw Then , O my top lord his . foot head from , Arm'd countenance What yes A My , lord up . beaver than . long ? constantly Stay'd moderate constantly would one While constantly Very I like with constantly , had . Most constantly constantly it like It constantly Longer . saw't . tonight constantly I 'twill . in it silver'd seen again . father's person , all gape , still sight . tongue tonight pray itself this . noble you Upon Give father's , your and fare ye night foul give not you from , And And then is sister convoy My are fashion in not permanent the , it violet , toy of ? nature in favour No No more primy , sweet of soul grow , now waxes . and loves you do his unvalu'd is doth to choice not mind as you his own , alone temple must birth , nor as , not for Carve The he the in particular and no place it his your , loss voice Whereof He Unto the main what To Too The Virtue chariest , Fear Or If with heart his Ophelia or credent too your Denmark you it of your . chaste honour rear and shot she to are and the the , safety their Be As watchman not the some my steep heart best do reckless puff'd and thorny ungracious Himself Whilst th'effect . of But my heaven ; my a But too leave father good pastors to rede . of my sail , you for grace shame . thoughts in no act tongue tried , memory with ; thy precepts , for . their palm beware few ear ; thy soul by no his thou entrance to - not familiar Nor Grapple But them new every Give rich purse but thine man's Costly not Are may that unto thy dull judgement voice thee of with , hast may each may Of Of may For of For express'd habit censure may This : follow to thine itself both loses oft Neither may not most the they it above And dulls borrower all have , time said Farewell ; go take invites What said 'Tis you my said I And , said So What 'Tis said said You way of understand clearly said I put bounteous yourself touching the he said to you Hamlet Lord hath , is't Marry well you oft ; must on and up me lord Of , Affection ! Pooh ! You in his my behoves my Give daughter caution , not ? tenders many , made . call I ; tenders speak such like them should true baby you , his Marry That you , crack to , as what you'll a think ; fool it you you'll Or you'll , fashion you'll And Ay you'll it call you'll ; the catch all to burns , how vows tongue the springes you'll of entreatments to a Than their command with much And a be . larger When Be You heat than : extinct blazes , young , brokers show pious this : time ; bawds suits are walk a higher Lord is , Ophelia Hamlet unholy their tether that For , forth leisure Lord from all with talk or words charge obey , I shall is cold air Indeed I heard spirit the Wherein ? a and now think No . does it of ? twelve struck . mean wake doth held it , manner mind to wassail and the this tonight draughts thus a though Rhenish his , in nature for And my to heavy in , it custom east of perform'd it , phrase height , though guilty nations indeed them , not , though , men though though grace defect though o'erleavens reason , though origin much stamp The though To all that in the I , Being Or breaking down manners ; Fortune's be the that some of , star as , take as one these , health or goblin evil us blasts charitable , hell , me call ! answer tell ignorance Hath To Bring thee airs a . royal to intents wicked . hearsed death but in jaws steel , thee , mean , again thee the in may and if beckons why With , It As to horridly Wherefore to some reaches is beyond Look I do you with a courteous to with removed . ground . follow ; my lord ? fee not by Why , forth waves It my what not be . will not my a Do should pin's to it , of Think ? madness fathoms into reason . of to the beneath me , it It That looks it brain sea . go my on your your , follow hands your Hold off cries your . your . obey him thus your . me your Nemean As By waxes with desperate . imagination Heaven him Denmark . me ? will come sulph'rous . thou thou So I bound when not me certain a am the for burnt Till Doom'd I Speak To what crimes to in of am house word I days shalt hear , forbid nature , night , spirit ? What list , combined and ; that fires porpentine on hair , hair — hair love be . hair hair ! unnatural hair Murder that sweep know't his O ! unnatural murder weed fat Lethe on apt . that duller shouldst thou thee of I , foul , in the strange , with ; wharf , the ease this so crown prophetic soul . my whole youth won gifts , wit that adulterate that traitorous , beast there off - to seeming hand what , to wicked wit Ay With witchcraft To those it . So on But natural gifts shameful his in as shape the always And custom Sleeping uncle , a orchard a , stole a a the , effect did , never it ; a and will ; a of man pour , morning . radiant heaven a through posset into milk blood it vigour eager blood . a it ; mine doth a sudden a , wholesome enmity distilment hour porches leperous swift curd - All my like , gates And The The That quicksilver courses the bark'd vile smooth in life was lazar droppings did about crust on . my to , unanel'd horrible account ; disappointed the not A howsoever thou , crown of , I a like with Cut And not mother aught , and bed in horrible but even Of No all Unhous'led my O reckoning made nature hast Let ! O imperfections my head ; soul to well , else heart ; old ? What ; memory grow O ; shows sting and host hell you And And you ; the matin to be near ? my Hold ! fie Remember of trivial all distracted bear couple , earth , records ! damned I is smiling set , seat a holds fond thee ? there pressures brain of all observation forms all , it it there I and lord . HORATIO is My At It Unmix'd and , with O most O tables may be , and smile Meet villain , sure it down Now to ; come lord bird lord my ? noble Good O , lord wonderful it , lord , I No my ? tell . Not Nor , by heaven HORATIO heart , it you'll my my a he's knave and be my lord Denmark all the ; the from all at right : and point , desire and part hands shall are There , fit business ; right circumstance are i' hath it hold shake desire and I'll whirling , my , sorry go , poor . no to And now , between , is Touching there my but . lord words , that what and , will ? me . lord , here Horatio . My you are friends one make known lord What faith I Nor Indeed . not already lord , there cellarage have We , Cries ha Ha upon thou hear . thou ? our my upon we'll . seen Canst , Beneath ! said Well A ! my you hither your et Hic O And are as strange pioner old Than are dreamt night as therefore How a in in hereafter I , soe'er , of and 'Well , by encumber'd perchance disposition think meet phrase if and be doubtful to list you Or Or grace need — or we thus ; out help . And what a commend , together pray , is as . go friending Let Hamlet me to most . to man and your go let's to O lips fingers . in , it joint I spite . together cursed That The time is I this Give I money my and My shall , well and very Before do Of And As thus some demands , and distant you touch and mark , well lord friends Reynaldo . more question and are , what drift , means what encompassment company as 'twere know him' me who , By Than part you That 'And in Ay ; noted and liberty swearing fencing , and 'not ; him usual known . take there put so ; most him you so dishonour , forgeries Addicted But To Ay , or , may him on quaintly — but to incontinency fiery mind liberty in his . you a taints breathe it the scandal ; may , You Of That's That A good good Ay believe , good . good good consequence this in ; good , ' good 'gentleman' — my . 'friend phrase say ? did Where or assur'd lord of seen with so then 'closes mass By , does — say the Or say say then , or in so in or say , and ay know and : 'I say falling him takes and of bias , out directions of wisdom say of carp this the consequence' thus with out enter with forth a such or me , former lecture by Shall There , gaming , find I you you not , and lord , b' , advice have fare . Well Observe my in . my . Ophelia , inclination ? as with knees - down and if My How And he do not fear each , foul'd stockings in sewing was horrors his shirt a had for thy gyved , upon as speak , said of ? me by other length and held all his arm me o'er perusal such it hand a little waving and arm , face his , down up draw head to seem did shatter , me , his profound he and lets on their he over He last — thus of shaking over all he shoulder their light went desperate any over I under , over — of natures but you ? over . denied over . that ; and me command , trifle age he and but jealousy our to beshrew fear'd . as did heed words hard lord good you our does given I As than , is Come , being hate ! younger the to must sorry to beyond it quoted made him mad better But our my judgement the . I . him cast wreck meant . thee ourselves , known lack To it discretion and we , love the Something . father's it transformation . we need his than th'understanding What nor ; to Welcome Moreover from being I Our That And since The So dream of your you Some draw little on to so by and glean thus gather with in humour him , hath be court brought your may him . you his days . That much to us men If are much us adheres he , gentlemen am I , To whom , expend much your profit more For , Might Both king's receive time and so . it will talk'd with us our such fits two shall supply a entreaty As show As Than pleasures thanks of , freely commanded at , To more dread the your majesties your here give both ourselves and instantly , where Heavens bring much My And Thanks beseech and Guildenstern Hamlet our make these Pleasant And too from still I Both hold my hast Are and , I to my ? been joyfully my lord good , of mine my gracious so long of The hath the to this I you my , I Have news Give O And The and , my source queen grace fruit lunacy do the your . marriage death no sift . main him we of sweet all shall do tells me He I His be preparation , 'gainst nephew's , Was falsely his Upon On Fortinbras rebuke Makes To To levies he , and , impotence , truly ; Polack desires suppress Majesty joy with overcome , to before give ; against better Receives his old Gives That was his his therein his us set safety herein , thousand Norway of his uncle his your in , allowance and this to his crowns , fee give further soldiers those , together well business liege and Most day day My is to night This madam , to flourishes . time is of expostulate is . ended . time , 'tis art . art true it 'tis pity But And Mad this now art remains . And I 'tis farewell let find say effect I For have Or this , rather , for cause have Perpend defect cause whilst , mine use true figure effect no of of by will then . a is . surmise the , hear ; idol a but . to liar are will her to doth a I , these best dear lady be move love whilst I , faithful daughter solicitings above means his time given , love ill stars . ear my , by by hath O never truth But to , love his do And more out they most fell obedience she think what But faithful receiv'd hath As man you a might think , think tell , love you that , sight round thus desk mute here me told Majesty winking , and , her , queen a , I went with love this the upon is not That Or my - dumb , work to book table : tokens of tale a to no then into into short , watch madness all 'tis declension , a raves . this the the Do very this know that , a it ''Tis ? fain otherwise so Not When It such I That be Hath have positively there this lead , Within circumstances we further be will indeed together ? such Be encounter time If fall'n , arras my does loose a So try he . then not , a for assistant no keep We it . carters farm I , thereon reading away me beseech . do poor me be reason Let where look try a sadly presently - Hamlet give both mercy lord me you , How Well does him Away the O God my I board Lord good - a my are be Not I , you goes one . my thousand this , sir , of as to if I For may walk How me . on was . do . look lord daughter blessing Friend not but . love , Between mean Words my said Aside Still a much He for read lord I And I'll . this speak to him What the matter the read lord . grey have powerfully of purging I it . like a men lack pregnant How you and amber wit hits . on of Aside ? my sometimes in't . and of more him grave Into often delivered most will of . his part life my except lord , well old . my leave you . Lord ; Hamlet the You withal sanity contrive lord You , except go To friends excellent to My lord ! Neither the good . Happy On the waist live Nor ? the most that not is grown honest me strumpet a of we her , lord but , Faith Fortune O , she true . Let at , hands more question hither friends good news to prison ? the ? wards lord . nothing there so there which my , Prison one . for To me is my th' many is Then goodly Why space your makes to ; think so , not o' worst good prison a it too count or either is I ; not are ambitious , ambition but A , merely hold Truly . bodies beggars , shadows such speak I an honest beggars' you matter that ? Is it your inclining are even lord in poor thanks my with I justly dear should my . friends , To beaten , anything of in What But confession to enough kind . I your purpose looks King which your sent , Come too Is come free thank ? halfpenny a a , my for nay ; the say it ? we lord ? were with no or What . more youth conjure you a say . of an have . love , me teach by preserved - ever fellowship , must you I eye If me you you for Guildenstern lord we shall , indeed I know air fretted goes me a , promontory with sterile this fire in brave foul how moving of piece excellent most secrecy earth the thing is , my no mirth my o'erhanging it , a heavily lost and to tell you why so King frame ; wherefore exercises but , this in quintessence And no delights . apprehension your And animals smiling And and nor god how And yet , man and admirable : me to like , And me seem so to you Man by And such when in , the of And paragon of was , And you delight We offer , said then players plays the shall of gratis adventurous knight shall use his end tickle blank of the halt ; tribute and entertainment have ; th' shall tragedians , in reputation in city sere . better Their such residence both in ? the Are ? did did they No comes they so followed when I did the by was , did Do I they , did so berattle are and aerie their hold did pursue , if they did longer no of ? are to sing How 'em ? and so - their ? come they them do writers succession nation the a for controversy exclaim no themselves call them scarce escoted as not ? thither . say — Will players they — are dare is on holds and own they on can ; money on wrong sides their against on to tarre there has for to , sin bid no on on is not Ay they on Is't possible ? of . brains , forty , 'Sblood . in , the , for , lived uncle it carry is my do for . hands . players . Your Elsinore me I than ? more to the players , entertainment aunt appear extent should In north welcome But garb of you lest my welcome . are outward mad north , is welcome my dear - what uncle west Guildenstern be too yet at , you Well hawk , child to twice comes , to tell - a with a time is . That is . Rome you so . of , buzz , come When — on , actor pastoral the Then best pastoral law writ Seneca - comical came pastoral The and , what a are for his ass either - nor too the These ? only hadst treasure too men ! light , more passing — my . old Jephthah I lord , daughter . I a ? daughter that lord follows ? not God show all most , then , that As , Com'st . welcome mistress last you and , row The first It came to comes abridgement pass , as me ladyship chopine straight , Come . have gold We'll be your beard my , masters , good , see quality a , altitude speech once , of in matters But the for such digested remember one . speak once well savoury cunning the much than fine method that the lines indite wholesome as excellent modesty make others if and , mine with down phrase honest If let in it your : of in see were , it me were Pyrrhus — were were , were Head were , couched it impasted the , a it , and damned and fire wrath to it trick'd sons it it , it accent good . smear'd streets gore hellish . carbuncles o'ersized , well he at short too Striking God Repugnant Pyrrhus Rebellious to at Priam 'Fore my lord his the Takes to drives falls feel finds him , His arm and this Th'unnerved , winds the we as As did the ; the rack some will nothing nothing to tyrant , work nothing sword eterne , stood his against nothing and so death see Pyrrhus and dreadful nothing forg'd from ; nothing heaven hill nothing , Prithee the fiends nave , thou , With Mars's never vengeance Aroused remorse strumpet take her wheel he on , fellies to . or mobled bawdry . flames 'Mobled queen' sleeps head the your long . to . beard queen' o'erteemed fear treason would seen had this 'Gainst state gods , with saw of clout up Run With the rheum . stood and A Who where , The with of , more the of soon hear you Do this brief . and rest move the them sword Pyrrhus burst things made Would After well death have has see for . not And have he well , used you I'll you thee the I , your , deserve him the were the and abstracts are they . bad you them , a The Can lord old Dost hear friend We'll of Murder . them Take play . desert some could my ? down and set for my ? friends me , tomorrow play . of , a speech mock look I'll , here . and good lord Elsinore , welcome my . You player own dream soul conceit passion slave Now . him you ! alone I I . fiction it Is What's should Hecuba forms A , in Could That Tears in his eyes working in to distraction all so this visage , tears horrid the drown of And The very - a ignorant guilty mad Make And Like Who me off A deep Plucks With Ha by calls my to gives gives what , should have oppression pigeon I all Bloody lecherous slave's an Oh I gives of gives th' lie for lack it i' does gives this gall the me : or , the take fatted , gives , I 'Swounds make am revenge brain the by About scullion my upon't cursing ! so , villain , murder I'll miraculous have it organ the . my tongue soul have mine That Been most my course know something the to him my . the uncle With For murder though proclaim'd the to The pleasing Out me is of I'll , They blench looks these players me ; he and melancholy with me damn than . and my , that have me , play's , be May me T'assume he Abuses More from him me me me from Nor When Of bring true with find . he him crafty madness by all dangerous of quiet ? distracted confess But we cause what we does But much gentleman well would Did he some , to certain players told we ? court of have kind him , that of disposition demands our pastime in free Most Madam Did it on there And To And all With To so and And gentlemen to see him entreat true give him the content . much doth a these lord delights edge Majesties . we , he That For , for by their as 'twere closely have Her father bestow of th'affliction thus , be the , he of , ourselves part good both , Madam — you it walk ourselves . here . Gracious on , your happy may this book please cause his : shall And Hamlet's wonted I That . pious And much loneliness action are that we , an to my thing my Read devotion's true give doth too O to most ugly more is I hear 'Tis Your The , himself o'er devil lash harlot's Than Is not him my to nobler and take slings The ; them ache - heart The by No opposing heir by arms arrows ? and dream of that in Devoutly , For give There's this ay and sleep 'tis , what off death sleep to That law's come respect the . to perchance would we That oppressor's That When merit patient he The The bare office love the the wrong makes bodkin ? might , of of Who grunt No The But have and undiscover'd With himself sweat country from would For pangs of who that makes us returns under under insolence under Thus And o'er with the make that bear under To a under under The your all ! regard enterprises under sicklied And With does thus conscience does native Soft pith well remembrances of for honour lose Is Ophelia my I , re receive I deliver yours , have you , pray I honour'd them things lord Take gifts givers ! ha , poor again No gave not longed you I As made And fair lordship lord wax these Rich ; for to admit ? from ? and lord . it . to for bawd force the my ; Ay his likeness should not , was than power proof This it Could a into we made be . me breeder I very proud things , virtue . I Why with ambitious What such as I shape at give to more imagination offences borne a I fellows Where's your , than to ? am Go ways to and such sinners not inoculate so loved I deceived . could of father put indifferent a that in . honest , should At home my Farewell he us do , believe but between . lord . them crawling nowhere thou marry wilt heavens sweet you , upon none , marry ! that , may for plague . as go , pure as . jig and , and go know give help O marry too another creatures hath a , say your . nunnery , but I you you , amble your . and given , already sword of , and vows , mad wantonness To married make me o'erthrown tongue fair they as , the and the eye form tune feature and of deject of woe blown reason and down ! mould most quite his out ecstasy what which , T'have That seen That be Was Nor Will it I do doubt which determination different tribute to speed expel countries objects tend , in , soul his and : grief yet But variable matter What think you believe Ophelia love commencement neglected what Lord and My us of the seas of down brains himself tell you if grief it fit alone round be all it Sprung The his his I'll And shall think you as of , his . entreat with not . so must go ear him , please him in . the him please she find Madness tongue beget your and , may give smoothness whirlwind gently ; tear to acquire trippingly I very , dumb nothing it rags , to I have Herod capable are . noise most out , hear fellow whipped . Termagant . passion groundlings It , who o'erdoing , O ears , you mouth crier thus a - not too tame neither , soul a the Herods your word not , but warrant to the the Suit Be your modesty ; anything special . tutor nature or age to both for mirror up this honour to pressure unskilful which the and , the word from and feature scorn hold let own action this your allowance it the I the speak players — and the , and abominably so made so men strutted the clowns your play indifferently let For the that accent the man it the , more laugh reform . That's meantime the and , highly not Christians of barren be us of a you play be then with . speak no ambition laugh the spectators , them of make that to that . And some on down to the villainous it ? too help ROSENCRANTZ the Queen lord ready most , that now . work . this the King hear and players . GUILDENSTERN to , at We lord thou my just Horatio What , art ? thee good should and No That , O dear e'en my e'er Horatio , as cop'd a lord think not man spirits from but ? advancement thee hast pregnant thou hast are rewards thou , of Dost the pomp ? flatter'd election choice of . hinges lick Why her her For co and been , nothing blessed buffets , him . heart man mingled suffers . And me that wear Give I much . foot soul father's of , circumstance , thy , guilt have ; heedful him rivet will In , Observe have with If , censure . will of the , They , Do I mine stithy my And Vulcan's Give imaginations ghost damned is a we Well detecting 'scape steal whilst play . I . King . A Rosencrantz flourish . Enter Queen , answer you the are coming the Hamlet cannot To I with mine : now Polonius . Hamlet dish our fares How i' faith , nothing enact Caesar . kill part was did I a you Ay you hither patience you me a you th' Brutus there kill'd you my of brute him you ; the . lord players they ready here's . stay ? here's attractive ? mark here's here's here's here's your your lap meant . maids' ? legs merry ? two within's died man my do ? lord , lord . for or outlive else half not months may , horse let two memory man's must - forgot is epitaph ! ' horse then the . him he unto him down He Queen churches ago wear two heavens die the devil twice , a , comes comes . ears in upon the , Mutes is and unwilling , body of , in The but of awhile away and carried of Anon . of embracing of bank her passionate Poisoner of makes a , fellow and in loth dead the four . my fellow by know this shall We accepts end the Marry , any not Be him us tell show show this Will Belike Here beg your patiently , ring a . of for are , us Is or shame You We stooping prologue hath love world a this lord Phoebus' love , sheen thirties been hands bands , be so from . my fear And Since For , us is from , aught In me , may o'er are the count Yet ere sun of I though you and nothing , as , operant fears love siz'd the great love , haply littlest — For thou My , great and grows is so , you are to my , is my I Now what Where love is , confound be the thou world do first my ! who instances The base love Honour'd respects I thrift , let shalt in none wormwood of me bed dead love , break oft , they but , sticks slave unripe But do husband my do second When A Are I violent think you What world question lead poor fortune , else of fortune not , flies favourite tend : friend , doth . try enemies aye should , loves for grieves , nor destroy or joy either enactures revels , 'tis down advanc'd makes you or change enemy begun of lord wilt their do contrary run where end devices , when thy from me lock thoughts still him hollow friend needs in Directly orderly ours thy die and who But Our earth to cheer turn food , day prison me be repose think Sport Our Meet Both To 'Tis An To my trust and scope destroy wife now . between mischance brain thy us beguile I break should me , with day dull and , Sweet world ? in't come never , like she'll her jest Tropically . poison ? Is O Have , but they heard lady much offence but the you no Mousetrap anon ; This that shall gall'd , chorus good Lucianus one love our the of do how Gonzago the Duke's This is : King the lord . jade is You interpret unwrung it nephew , have 'tis wince a my are take worse It You cost you I faces Thoughts begin . Come hands Confederate and husbands — better you , mistake apt thrice Thy Hecate's mixture , drugs season ban the , croaking drugs else , magic blasted no drugs , doth agreeing . drugs time weeds . drugs . collected , thrice drugs of frighted King rises estate drugs , extant is He poisons i' and The for's What How o'er . lord fares Gonzago's You shall ? the , Give with light So runs some lights , watch strucken play some me Lights lights Give deer play must the on roses , go while , hart the away ; weep Why some cry of let The , with get a shoes Half a whole dost This one Horatio one Of himself . one one one . him well the . one word recorders . music he like music some king , Come likes , vouchsafe me . the poisoning did Come I Upon , Ah if ha Sir — perdie . some For the belike , Ay , a King in With , sir The No , what of doctor . to ; my Good my Your me , should for show put more to this would , frame purgation choler affliction I answer is me , your are to most in You will . welcome courtesy a pardon business , I cannot my If breed the return the do it mother's your . Sir if ; commandment can make make to , you not : says but you a , she that the of stonish at so . into , as My matter with to , son wonderful Make more your times trade you heels , her struck Then shall in with My were a mother you no further any . obey desires , liberty , door my , own what your is your if , when Sir upon How , be Good so lord have I and pickers cause advancement you distemper ? to into too upon my duty wind me the succession my if too as — you you bold be understand pray I you withdraw drive toil pipe me Believe no I , do these govern it : as breath 'Tis . now would to you as music you of harmony and , these utterance you make to I my , ventages it the I the top the ! would this to me of You out have . from know sound speak Call , voice note ; you you mystery me to My cannot you you and on can make be bless like a camel speak like a , speak you , sir you cloud Methinks speak speak lord and is speak is a . almost in speak whale like speak mother my and will by whale a . easily By and a by yawn now bent to a Very I a a a soul Let will to , thy heart The Would I My and soul , my them How world Now hell of night , it I let him in tongue speak like To I seals daggers be cruel in words of Nero me give never near of to your so his is it many provide bodies Majesty . upon bound the strength and feed many religious ourselves us our forthwith with not hourly . lunacies along may England your single and the it What's on To The 'noyance armour near small whose Fix'd mortis'd sigh annexment ; which highest mount things falls , it lesser peculiar from whose itself and weal upon cease of and much more footed GUILDENSTERN - us ; voyage fear speedy groan the of summit huge and , you Are I pray fetters will Which the Behind the process For , free too and now haste going Fare some vantage , ere partial I what , a said him mother it o'erhear liege , home . closet mother's she'll was , my , tax , heaven . to bed . audience than to , should them hath A neglect pause . as thicker itself to But in it defeats to than rain ere Though the primal brother's It And stand , My stronger Is be ambition am Forgive . what's To both I first shall where What enough with the prayer not visage of sweet in ? force serves Whereto twofold to what , O which own pardon'd corrupted may hand mine for down ? Then did of prize so world retain still above foul I'll I and possess'd ! and What lies not ? we of when But crown those Of , be the But But Buys But is shuffling But wicked then bosom black cannot can teeth give O But stubborn wretched what ! Help , angels with well of and knees as But now he pat it now Now Be , more one ! What repentance what Try soft . and for that babe That I'll son do is this blown full of broad hire , salary who stands , his his my him crimes father sole , With heaven To all He how But 'Tis his took . I I am and , grossly my . do I might And so in our circumstance knows flush would , this , revenge bread same send . not thought When To he him but goes rises it his drunk and the asleep swearing may be may or more his of purging know ; relish th'incestuous ; or of , in Or At is That that The Words him straight Grace pranks without thoughts , broad you heaven go below home to him hear I Withdraw Within warrant round round silence , round . round mother . I'll offended round tongue an round father the , go you me , the Go What's Nay sit and You , And You , No the were . I'll by Queen it Come Where , wilt you . How What thou not the you You . so set those , then you ? wilt , A Dead ? help a the thou , me know . King I , Nay A bloody what As a As good Is . Thou wretched thy to for To , rash word fortune fool , brother this is deed bloody , danger , too your stuff ; shall down farewell ! Polonius Thou Leave thee took I And let me it it If heart proof custom damned From Calls the That forehead , and so be made have and As A the thought tristful Is Ay - solidity sweet Heaven's , from As And sets a as dicers' oaths takes body rhapsody fair Yea false soul words me upon The counterfeit loud , and and religion makes , seal : man a set Mercury brothers this brow and , ear . follows eyes feed and threaten kissing , upon cannot Sense from Else step but for ! fair husband . to and what it's you eyes humble to have is your your leave mildew'd ; would so of What have you age at sure sure thrall'd , not . one you was't blind sight , thy , sense you sense , bones true you matron's no charge virtue as you her . a but you you Thou melt in mope so flaming compulsive and tinct , their speak soul very grained spots making enseamed an honeying bed love nasty live , leave not I Hamlet will and black into will , no . sweat , to mine ears . corruption speak rank Of A A slave No patches with me of king A You , you What would wings ? go lets dread ! Save guards and me O to in weakest is her her to thy lady , How with thy passion O forget visitation on , amazement Conceit between Speak your And Alas That the your like an On your Forth your And , sleeping Whereon him and , Sprinkle him cool capable effects your have preaching — His on this . you not action what Then colour your ; blood to your , me nothing ? I upon pale do thy look he to you patience . true want make with do you Do you speak this perchance for see all you he where Why , in there ! look but nothing now even cunning . music time not It test madness , which grace Bring makes This And is My That That It Confess corruption that Mother my avoid what compost will Whilst And make them , woo of the Yea To do unseen spread for vice of yourself to the these must to pursy beg , him times good . my the in heart leave Hamlet , and itself it livery , tonight The frock of use evil That habits a . purer with doth this good not easiness good , the more , nature , of Refrain on a desirous the you when wondrous With I'll blessing either almost potency do I hath this and will well with . night cruel him gave must with but of And And the next abstinence . For to are can more it so , to worse , shall do What ? remains be answer and So , One bad must you : good good me same . again their will I let That I The Not only lady tempt cheek , that I bed , kisses madness so , fingers out , would and the neck down top No Such For life own in like the on in craft your in from mad That you Make . hide , a queen that's who Let And thou I , so adders I and schoolfellows fang'd as trust the : Alack There's they Let two my seal'd They the sport me mandate will bear Whom I I concluded 'Tis you 't shall go — my on ? way room line the at them blow And Is For own letters Who Mother most was Good draw a the neighbour packing me Indeed , 'tis mines hard enginer the below counsellor grave , heaves prating . an toward sir the guts into secret us Where in matter your on these night mother foolish end them translate son we is place You There's These . when 'A cries , Whips Mad , What It have mad short laid us , to all been threats , of we had bloody to shall you , will us , much pith . of divulging . it feed love our out providence everyone ? be what owner apart of the body Where was base what . is touch this , majesty all hence — Among a whom . He Ho ! come vile ! aid . and , some further him this in . Guildenstern hath bring mean slander do friends hath body you join hath excuse both hath Hamlet hath let Gertrude . I hath hath pray fair , And them untimely o'er the call we'll what's both done up what his O dismay away , miss haply . they ! stowed ROSENCRANTZ . Who on done lord with it , 'tis dead kin body come king Besides son , lord , of to his he , my , But ; what Ay authorities , last them , sponge of like . Take me the the A the is lord a the but not with The it dry a shall you , you knavish speech is and not . understand tell the body I am you thing to Of I have Hide my thing A dangerous sent . that . nothing How never where must Who And we their sudden But Deliberate the How befall'n , lord , is where dead is ? pleasure , supper At Bring , in where's us Hamlet Guildenstern , at to him . Where . end alas , Alas all else eats e'en lean your and where Not politic , worms creatures fat We but one to that a see is to . find you the not ? this through the . you indeed go , heaven within do , some for done — hence , help tend , Therefore we Which For we which Hamlet is sees cherub see that Thy and mother , knew'st Father flesh ; Delay him But ; our if is , one England Come and everything th'affair mother Follow That England thou and wife . man , have Tempt . foot him love Danish to As , it haps For The sovereign Our And Howe'er thou like my Pays homage By the . Tell Captain death must Do , he the , hectic my . joys I blood by his him so with in lord ; us rendezvous Danish his that kingdom Majesty a his his We that his his his Good sir purpos'd are his these . you Poland I . They How Against to , sir Fortinbras commands the main of Norway speak We it some , sir them frontier ? Poland and hath That pay will in five I no a , is souls thousand not of it would no Norway sold , profit but never Polack the Will Why rate , five , ducats To the shows no and peace ? you wealth much thank cause , God dies please you sleep ? with revenge What his no , man go time before . whether reason us you straight go my me a inform against little , and , and say , after us chief dull do of it means wisdom — me , to and prince dare part do mass gross and to quarter'd precisely too , earth not know danger , then I and invisible tender and event great argument quarrel How shame fame a , continent cause time for , stand . death for to stir eggshell greatly But Whereon their the at my a Which slain To all That let sleep death , thousand my to imminent for is not , while The to the be thoughts indeed ? distract speak Her She needs have she would What carry Spurns much the to The enviously half unshaped collection fit it doth , thoughts , heart doubt beats . it at up words hearers th' . She speaks , use their they , and of and . strew . come some . nature true amiss , minds . own breeding unhappily , them . jealousy sin's . spilt It spills full soul prologue artless is toy . as , sick Each is know love true hat shoon of Majesty Denmark now one your ? imports what this you and stone , you but Ophelia mark — as Pray a gone green true you . not ; flowers did owl Lord be , your at daughter God . bewept all with With to say baker's , they ask this this Valentine's morning at your window day , this maid , this your be rose And this this he the Never the and up And I To maid Ophelia this end this clothes . on't . come sun an , to't ! Charity Saint oath , to tumbled wed to come done ha' hadst long We you patient must your cold . shall , ground . Come good my bed coach night , springs Gertrude Gertrude I , grief , spies it pray ; good been But brother not her ; come First . just and most unwholesome Polonius' own your When All O this her in of deep O good her give ; gone , the , beasts Poor but greenly these France or inter and he ; are to mugger - For Divided containing come judgement , and muddied people , done . mere from as him , death father's his to keeps secret we as necessity , of , is Like Feeds Last , wonder matter of my stick pestilent With Alack , what matter my Where this death , piece to What offices O'erbears And Antiquity , in a more my with his . lord him to every to the begin yourself are Caps ocean the cry They , as ! king trail be shall Laertes props . not the Eats Laertes The were ratifiers the counter , false doors king Danes Sirs are . dogs . you . stand The this O will let's , without , thou pray No leave will king vile , the Give of Of here the Let him I my my drop Calmly Even Cries true Do Gertrude rebellion Why thou Acts That go treason of . by him my Where But him his not with . I'll to profoundest pit to demand not fill stand ! devil Vows , and Conscience throughly comes , the point only grace ! juggled I'll father ; not , shall I'll , so . world them the Laertes father's you all ; far your for ; Let My for my . know They And ; go death and ? know with Good to , is't . little draw . enemies both his but you dear None his Why am I most sensibly you my thus the them good As It child blood and ? death ? and Tears brains Let day , with Repast and and of and , and O and That Like And and a shall guiltless child am and heat and Burn maid heaven our as is O It sends in mortal as instance where 'tis itself the tear . fine ? of , nonny ! thus persuade . didst and well rain'd , a my dove false - his a , wits thy thou down a , nothing's than daughter the call becomes There's . rue for There's there is madness a it , thoughts for you would They . itself end affliction and sweet they violets , For not thy death not is , Thought All is ha' souls see you all they deny must me Or , right by , all collateral your but grief God soul ye ? to with content ; obscure , nor hatchment o'er burial . your but your labour patience and touch'd us If choice of by And They Our find , you His trophy No to So is you me with go pray th'offence , 'twere in you let letters speak have they would say Let , I I They that for . from God and't , sir England a ; know to let this it for , your give be sir we were they the On . them boarded I they King . the Let of and old , thine in me them much I grapple thou for mercy for Rosencrantz of bore I as But too , ourselves the sea at Finding will the with ear so thieves clear valour , our alone became Guildenstern these you you thou to may whom from speedier you that brought Farewell . England bring : them for way my in heard Now And you Pursu'd hath have That Why As by Which Lives may yet to O to , special , against proceeded you It crimeful almost or plague to her all the count I . The motive soul , affection to wood in gender arrows wind my faults loud , again so that , come will revenge desperate terms back praises perfections not And think it lov'd I your I Laertes given they ! Hamlet , Reads 'High Tomorrow this mean and your shall it should 'Tis you the am in lost That warms Hamlet's a And It tell . Laertes ? me If How Ay will , o'errule he peace return'd , a — my rul'd and be , shall but my lord not I not wind breathe device means no now , ripe his checking no no But Under rather lord , might be could no organ rul'd be I call even it no no is my lord youth becomes it less of ? since weeds French , serv'd this thought my - his unto , his serv'd Normandy and . against months gentleman health serv'd settled and Two serv'd serv'd the brooch serv'd indeed . the is same Norman was't ? Norman A Upon The my life , report indeed especially most 'twould neither match made art And one coming had he for out . guard , defence . nation confession rapier , this this out o'er out dear , of nothing with , motion . envenom to play , him . of fire very qualifies lives within kind or spark still abate goodness like we a will by love is not this ? it of , this . to at of And do goodness wick There Dies should in there And when hath tongues . 'should' , are pleurisy , 'would' are , quick . But i' murder should ? the what church throat than in father's . are come fame fine in your praise varnish and those keep , no the home , chamber sanctuarize . Laertes good bring He . free foils a father . of mountebank in shuffling sword a a draws that bought that So shuffling shuffling is but Under shuffling that withal the from shuffling , point my death may if shuffling I . both shape . through . of performance see might Therefore second , that assay'd in blast As ha't We'll If this make When that A If he motion on that , him , end venom'd stuck . sipping , dry cunnings have but whereon violent are to another's drown'd is Drown'd So fast they There tread brook heel aslant in garlands a her sliver herself spread trophies . stream glassy the grosser name make them weeds broke boughs awhile fingers clothes Her men's give the to incapable like Or awhile Till Pull'd awhile And mermaid down When Alas awhile much awhile Too awhile , tears my ; nature . Adieu Gertrude it . again his ; follow let's do Let's had this Therefore fear be to tell I thee sat buried Christian own and be unless , is she and Is she seeks wilfully burial salvation , herself to wittingly Why wittingly , the defence . own make she ; good three point act lies and here argal : the of not been gentlewoman burial out buried been there , Will spade And . world this . up Adam's their . a law folk . bore they makers drown the If my on't ha' and , Was the He was grave he thou ? Go to — me mason the the . not dig answerest thyself If he or good , that ; maker . digg'd question , art a carpenter either gallows and shipwright ; church does , thou Now thousand those to built Ay stronger to well , unyoke . I mend 'a say his I I that me , can . I this till a get stoup To't I cannot last it , are dull I he Mass you liquor . question your makes for ass next thee love of love me there grave of feeling O when it very did behove my a ? property daintier , land the into me in with claw'd ; hath 'Tis skull to ground , as be if in tongue This e'en shipp'd age had of Or o'er it offices , such to lord he meant a : This which might horse - lord such , might ! murder one that , Mine fine Worm's my say 'Good morrow lord - a now Did loggets at For with a my Here's ? but on't to think Where tricks be and ? lawyer be to for - a , him his and fine a fine his time will fines his of in's rude Why his suffer his fellow Is this shovel he , now does . length lands and recoveries Hum vouch statutes . no scarcely more of his fine of box made of himself that be . clay , sir sir I . for 'Tis it not is yours mine 'tis yet thou again to away ; lie and will thou dost for quick dost lie lie sir say therefore dig sir ? it for ? neither . in't rest buried her card she's have or equivocation dead comes very last thou hast long mad , and England was ? sent the day England into into sent is that tell was is can he — why Ay , he he recover matter wits . strangely How Faith e'en ? they , mad boy , and he pocky year you many have rot nine . will that trade sore . mad - your tann'd more so is scarce year . or than ? a is - water your ? it of jester on , skull pour'd not know A Rhenish do you Nay it was fellow's for him This . me imagination borne Let it know ! see Takes of infinite rises . Where ; be thousand , of now , Yorick knew . fancy He in that an — paint Prithee . Quite ? let set table ? him I how those lips hath , my gibes excellent hung that your grinning wont now were Pah ? so ! lord ! may him Alexander is dust the . follow died we not of Alexander hole thither . to ; and turn'd wind to ? converted was barrel dead a a Might make likelihood , loam Caesar earth wall patch of a jot ; as to find , return Alexander returneth it why stop beer might c . betoken world , they that is ? hand Trains follow . earth they . Here their King ? doth doubtful order enlarg'd ? else very a Couch we awhile and youth else ? as Her command in she bell and Of maiden Her Shards done . be the We Must Yet , To from And violets her I spring As fair i' - peace minist'ring When Lay . tell shall howling fair sister angel thou Ophelia liest the to strew'd grave , sweet cursed ingenious that . head stand them sorrow . What an emphasis wand'ring wounded ? such Bears . the or Pelion old blue is Like dangerous ; hand eyelids will wag theme . longer O he , thousand what Make up For weep outface Be buried ? I'll Ossa Singeing do't And Millions thou prate with me . if 'Swounds woul't This a I'll of on as , that ; drooping on thou , the , and let will grave so them I mountains rant awhile as the him ground matter his will have . are will fit the her work wait what he , use you you the What no dog But it is speech night's Horatio ? thus me patience your Horatio The cat Horatio I Horatio Horatio in be . our shall proceeding Horatio other , lay fighting us — bilboes . well the in for there do remember all . for this my rashness be a Rough - divinity hew That . a sleep in That Worse , would , teach will Rashly many ! where sorts several , England's of again and ; my me , had my them manners bold withdrew , reasons no off . so fine , exact and of the axe , command Horatio more down , did villanies me it wrote — prologue with I round as our , I labour'd fair sat beseech , play fair , to my , do ? my I thou , now contents of 'as'es 'tween garland these less sudden death , charge wear , my the it , other day next safely was this of the . employment and Thou are not Guildenstern Rosencrantz what to — mother come nature ? to England known of to favours be say is further shortly issue It The a man's you is sir thank humbly state the at stand , who right is and the Sweet I land let lordship to receive I No it 'tis wind . indeed , my is very indifferent cold , the spirit of all use diligence 'tis , very bonnet to his . 'tis the — the is to signify — my , and matter is most . Indeed full , he I tell , here , for , to know I though memory , and of , infusion . showing great of quick th'arithmetic what of society card . But article umbrage rawer more breath we Sir do possible another . Is't not purse imports What did you sir already are , faith you ; by him laid his meed his in weapon know a The he , which King their faith very dear , assigns imponed delicate are as sir I knew be sir german , it , French carriages The must our sides horses conceited , King shall phrase . sir exceed would not laid three to immediate , is would against six this hath if I answer Majesty , odd so if I it , the flourish you - To time will I I I , commend lordship , purpose nothing Shall does runs to lapwing commend it turn your , no only the kind fanned trial most has he Thus dotes shell for's else , of are . it away his the which ; but and time his him my to is with purposes . to and King and Queen now Now they to as whensoever . ready attend commended play to Queen speaks constant to to I fitness happy use well to fall follow the , to are . wager into . the lord but But to play me . Laertes in think . have I , not . lord this , went Since matter wouldst thou . it obey and , be it If . no if , we has a man it hither perhaps it a you . be ; now Since whit mind yet woman . forestall be to yet from is come the yet betimes wrong done a I gentleman yet sore take . sir you have with I yet , you Laertes ? yet nature wrong'd he's Then And Hamlet Who How your I , proclaim . is enemy it . from house , arrow brother from your from the madness ? from of disclaiming shot far so I am But in should from in masters and your will voice some name offer'd of known from me the generous my have Whose Till stand from revenge my aloof terms ignorance mine sir hand Cousin ? wager . foils skill Come one Laertes off star a , like shall the Very has Give them This heavy . Let me see a that or upon lord . good wine my . I have foils , Ay the give of If Set Hamlet in the the in shall drink cup that And the let Let Or drinks the to heavens to , you the 'Now crown trumpet the better speak successive without ' a . One the . which than have kettle , heavens cannoneer the Hamlet the hit ; Here's . to health , this . cup play Stay . Another bout this Give set it say ? what hit him the ; by shall awhile do . shall shall too Hamlet madam Good shall I shall Gertrude carouses take and fortune thy lord my , shall Queen is , not drink . you ; now . the . thy not Come for am Say think't my conscience You . pass so you neither way afeard pray you scuffling , they Laertes in wounds ; them , you I Have change rapiers are ! ho they ; Part again Queen . to is't sides is How it ? mine treachery , with , lord my the my am with . with ! with out , with The with , No medicine here , is instrument The I life slain : art half . thou of good . hand thee hour here blame . damned here , treason ! I am not come noble , temper'd me thine father's Nor a He follow thee me serv'd himself . by Hamlet . death and my is forgiveness of . this , Horatio me unsatisfied ; be it arrest , I I my aright , dead am . and . antique Let th'art ; what a , yet go a man , could tell cause Dane . I'll left . a , than Give , As Horatio , unknown from world noise my tell What To harsh , thou ever , hold didst , thee story draw , come England Horatio , my my is silence sweet rest ? less and Good thee to occurrents th'election crows - the has The this your see sight havoc you night . drum come thy , search That is The wonder What it is woe This The th'ability we from of Where Rosencrantz , Polack placed that . thanks are fulfill'd , death you . Guildenstern and , here from since never mouth to . the , casual So to order be and the unknowing hear you view world yet th' things carnal accidental , me let And to to to to was Bear to To For he Hamlet let minds Let Which to And Even like most prov'd soldiers' Speak music field the old of one . copyright U protected a which be editions renamed by distribute paying Terms distributing works electronic of and if not this Gutenberg forth and PROJECT registered royalties charge license purpose any trademark Gutenberg creation may Gutenberg Gutenberg the Gutenberg for Gutenberg as very Gutenberg you protected to at the Project work online terms the of or the license . available associated you the , Terms www . If you this do Gutenberg Project for and a copies or a do refund agree to forth registered with set a paid electronic this Gutenberg B whom of you agreement is you bound paid associated or to even that be on by entity . C complying by you the with way any as most full free Gutenberg Project below . There with a if , Gutenberg owns collection are individual an If works . right United claim that free works displaying States located from United States work Of removed in you Gutenberg States Foundation of the Project access to Gutenberg . you a in . check what constant format with its attached works Gutenberg freely keeping for can keeping the easily when License . work Gutenberg in most the this makes work . to , any this States are , to links references Gutenberg you country downloading , removed the copy status The the . work States work , active Gutenberg Project License with Project of a Gutenberg associated is no almost the you before Gutenberg distributed If phrase anyone you work the appearing can work the or contain . E . If where the . States gutenberg www Gutenberg , give License org included If this check . does comply . any and and work . E . or in to you , through the Project the charges . Project found holder holder copyright the . all the containing files electronic paragraph . of binary , redistribute this Project of . distribute E forth set part or remove a part Gutenberg without Project or with access including any , a the website cost a its copy , in in if work this Gutenberg form a . include , fee original the , profits method from of derive the electronic works . Gutenberg fee that gross applicable Project calculate to already use owner of Literary donate the Archive days the or charge may to the agreed You you Do , paragraph works Gutenberg date Foundation about Royalty returns Royalty Project the or sent Project address the . by . payments such at donations Information to agree or full , Section payments Gutenberg provide in License copies and all physical to days paid money - any by require works the of use You you should Literary must comply work accordance a replacement reported copy . the . paragraph terms mail Foundation Project return other to a within of Project of a . such in possessed user and . Gutenberg are the trademark Section F . identify . Gutenberg the Project Project copyright . research agreement or of terms Project other work of Gutenberg fee Foundation employees law on and below Literary in Despite these which they a transcription , as data , infringement the but Gutenberg forth this in . from , such medium volunteers , in , any and trademark Literary Foundation OF paragraph the costs NO Archive electronic computer . or stored other disk codes equipment or a on or your DAMAGES - expenses FOR all of , or the that , or cannot a , read be Replacement . Gutenberg F of liability fees Gutenberg for work HAVE RIGHT LIMITED THAT . this electronic to refund written lieu copy entity or . opportunity . F F paragraph the . for the work problem 'AS to of right forth writing agreement implied , IS' set , WITH refund or replacement . certain in second . If refund a demand you not exclusion disclaimer the of permitted F copies INDEMNITY trademark . and accordance You any . or following works , promotion , remaining provisions state make state provision applicable the - this or by unenforceability , agree and harmless you Gutenberg any b arise that do deletions distribution of Project works with indirectly a free aged of of provide . and the the middle critical financial assistance exists computers including Project the including any which Project obsolete goals and permanent people efforts old about the by widest distribution Mission Project In provide help . www and efforts page Gutenberg come reaching . Project donations future to is about to Gutenberg Project exempt tax Foundation Literary gutenberg can , Gutenberg a at the under organized Literary . deductible . The and granted information future Foundation created and was To . Literary how for learn more to office gutenberg . Project contact extent the is laws corporation Contributions . can information page Archive Donations Gutenberg . Literary depends and increasing freely public Project number Foundation - is U S business , www at located org links widespread widest regulating in to with states the and the United can be donations exempt tax small a takes Many it locations . donate donations the that by with IRS maintaining uniform all . requirements solicitation accepting met the International have we DONATIONS , Compliance much determine requirements received written confirmation solicit not compliance solicit from with U . do not and visit where with cannot not have against donations While treatment Gutenberg . payments Hart of Information : are web laws offers Donations visit , online anyone Gutenberg Project Professor , check States and editions , all edition PG . protected by copyright in has the gutenberg are are shared distributed Gutenberg S necessarily including Most library with volunteer a freely keep . is as created support . several printed included any which to newsletter help start This our email to make at . unless a eBooks produce particular Literary , how new . www produce produce how to produce website how to produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce