? Stand . Who's there He You Nay King answer , live twelve bed 'Tis , stirring quiet had thanks For relief you think rivals If you my . meet ho ground , the liegemen Give soldier who night hath - reliev'd good there . Horatio him . of . again ? Marcellus of him , our twice him apparition this night of come along seen us your . our have this of , the of , pole from heaven , comes . dead , thee bell t'illume us hear night westward part and one to ? fear it . to spoke speak King the ; not harrows usurp'st Did See , heaven fair that I . speak In with of majesty march charge thee ! away will . speak believe look pale . on the an ; parle ice strange . Polacks on angry watch , hour combated . this by not ; the he knows watch ; of the - joint that is't Who Whose , as image , least prick'd That whisper on by by most which our pride to Our last us of who but divide be the the you a in combat , which of to the conqueror lands compact , and , same article by Fortinbras cov'nant , Now Hamlet of in Hath been the vanquisher of carriage ; mettle Norway list diet in't well recover But That post of the this watch motive lost compulsatory doth stomach up , hot , of strong take it , head portentous watch but so so that rummage and : like of Julius the and ; fire gibber like the of in mightiest palmy to is is armed That A mote the Did As whose As And Upon sick influence and squeak stars Disasters almost the in precurse still omen preceding sun Was , soft , cross But it heaven Unto any there If hast to Speak to me and to me , Speak to art O speak ease the . say of they Extorted if Speak which I Shall Do ! here It day made the the crowing present that is of . Th'extravagant his confine or , Upon with the of lofty the of that It Some Wherein Saviour's the 'gainst all spirit no then the is time , it , strike to planets stir ; believe . clad , advice my seen my upon and by life hill to , with we , of dew up have tonight ? acquaint , for ; us shall most Voltemand Lords this conveniently . it us woe whole befitted death brother's Attendant kingdom Hamlet dear that , and our , in sorrow remembrance of think nature , joy state defeated dropping we with this and , sister to Th'imperial With mirth our sometime jointress , one funeral equal in as better affair follows He In Taken Now Your With , and which all , our , advantage to for valiant by , and Fortinbras young our brother's death : him of , rid of is brother surrender fail'd . all , ourself our Now Thus The gait the his lists His Who To most Lost hath not Norway and business , this Of Out For , bearers to let and Farewell that , further and this his are all levies suppress , scope . duty power , Voltemand articles the What . we news the , beg thou , native to the , Laertes Dane offer heart , thy Denmark instrumental more be your You You us , all , things some That Your From to duty favour thou must I show leave Than is my more throne of to Denmark mouth to not thy asking have , father and in , again that France pardon bend whence thoughts bow you laboursome seal'd hard and What toward Polonius last go consent , son my thy less and hang still , and ? spend cousin Hamlet him ; it Laertes you I nighted . on , sun lids , my graces best thy Aside Ay know'st Do , madam it If my not , 'Tis Seems through , noble common Seek Passing seems can But all dejected fruitful haviour of inky suspiration have and nature your duties your mourning in , these 'Tis But father give For No , the forms the with Together they the Of shows you , unmanly to impatient as incorrect 'Tis . stubbornness a unfortified lost must To In obstinate know In A An heart It For A 'This Is reason most and he pray think you ' , the From death the of fathers be As This unprevailing no toward school to bend cousin comfort retrograde in our desire remain eye . madam , go prayers my and gentle Why , ourself great the But Sits And self - thunder solid rouse - That two Possess remember face her By what Let not A little With , Niobe Like me all A brother to salt most Within more wants that . she , of most flushing nor O the no my , tears , post to with . she Why married — Hercules . dexterity With She yet the wicked it for , am . break Hail to your see forget ever . friend good name Wittenberg poor your And lord . make Good from , report own hear say enemy your I are ear my you ? see faith good lord so ; violence even my affair you your to in your . truant Elsinore you funeral student father's ? of do you what prithee I to do to my it you Against teach ere But think thrift father , my see The heaven in the met had funeral bak'd marriage foe , lord I dearest wedding . Horatio king , was saw In I My Would Or I My ; man a look saw him all again goodly my him Horatio once take Saw With King your attent the Marcellus For nights thus Upon Season This marvel ear love Two had . before at encounter'd them , fear length by ; stately waste A figure with truncheon's impart the surprised he , your solemn - march father , to me , This they him , exactly Appears slow Goes them whilst . kept made true the , in both watch time your good watch we like ; would did crew once loud yet did it ? true you Indeed And we , my To I did indeed As Arm'd say my toe you saw lord face he my What , look'd he his , head to . From lord And Most I have like , like much been . it amaz'd . long hundred a . longer saw't grizzled have was his . tonight watch will . it seen 'twill sable gape ; eyes rise were is night foul , sleep . you from hear me let ? blood of that the embark'd are as is But And For sister necessaries doubt , doubt doubt doubt In doubt doubt greatness For he May Then If Or Whereof . your saying voice main his he the Fear watchman shall my heart of this But to I the before and buttons in fear of be calumnious to danger and shot the of are Virtue As are Be are are are not as puff'd and are . the like the And me Do stay here And these Look thou Nor any , but thought thoughts act means adoption . vulgar steel in . comrade with thy soul by their palm hoops with and , hast unto - not familiar character unproportion'd thy his no no dull a to , thy as , but few thy can being unfledg'd but of thy but censure in most apparel oft fancy ; generous a thine husbandry be thine be in that ; man . thee day , thine thine ; lord thine remember you to thine . well thine said to memory : you yourself on the Lord you Hamlet . you tell must put 'tis , my you ? audience of been to time You is As do behoves affection his Give me a . them think as call green you , lord you think what pay phrase . to to . his to the the When , Ay With And tongue more in not your a Than Be so much to in a given larger . a For he may Lord rate presence this ; Hamlet , show , this from is and ; their he young ; him with . his be ; And Than I ; bites ; air is it lacks hour shrewdly ; think No I Wherein Indeed What , not the And wassail King ? The And And Makes They clepe us This heavy ; and the in though honour'd pith The our though in and of and though , drunkards our and addition it mole though vicious though of our are origin not them , men particular though , some birth nature pales , habit some breaking their they some , tell , from thee but answer , questionable heaven intents spirit airs com'st , will I father royal burst bones ; marble inurn'd the in sepulchre mean steel we ? of in again and quietly our of away with go Wherefore ? is why Say thoughts hideous thus , Making it shake of the complete and glimpses to horridly night It As , With And I for set what be at immortal waves not should ? do follow toward , the the sea into dreadful summit of cliff sovereignty your assume beetles to tempt the Or And That It What Which draw very you And on It Go not , waves Without looks more puts place And so shall fathoms . the sea your Unhand call'd am make your I'll , heaven your And rul'd each as the your He waxes desperate your ! with fit your a of gentlemen , that I'll , ghost away is me I'll direct in . what issue go . will , me Pity My to up and is art thou Speak am Doom'd Are To the for for And Till foul the a my secrets could tell and Would Thy a thy and this ever didst quills hair to . blood and But two like fretful porpentine stand the blazon List , list father ; strange sweep that know't to thoughts revenge with and best thee or the is in as Murder unnatural it , to be on than as swift unnatural wings hear , fat weed . apt find shouldst itself in , so of whole ; that duller not stir rots Wouldst 'Tis Rankly abus'd by Is The ; me a Now incestuous and his wit won love a — most seeming , that traitorous shameful virtuous with gifts to - of to vow , queen his . morning air stole afternoon , in in , the in within uncle of whose ears in my , a blood courses in of in That Holds The such in With And juice My Brief The No horrible nature in royal luxury but blossoms , of sleeping smooth with my , crown in the , imperfections disappointed queen once ; my , uneffectual thee leave thy to heaven contrive be Denmark of bed let pursu'st this damned incest . soul ! to . What old Hold ! O ! stiffly distracted ghost the me couple host hell my , you O of , poor globe , from away I'll Yea Unmix'd with Within villain . Within Within ho . come ! lord . Illo , What boy , How is't lord lord How lord lord lord say lord an villain arrant , point desire . pray , my go whirling for : and all at and shall words heartily business hath man you ; Look heartily . lord Horatio , you here my make My lord my lord , swear't I . indeed lord but , my . truepenny you . my fellow lord . cellarage . oath that Swear sword ground , upon gentlemen shift . we'll that you sword . heard ? have again again this by of hither again . again my . again again again shall , on if 'There be and and phrase we they would' , mercy , head , help to friending and shall still , what t'express And do May God time That Nay , come born let's , of . a lack poor do commend me gentlemen . a spirit Swear . man as I so love . O lips not a a ever was I fingers is your a willing The out a on to go this you well , this know encompassment do And Ay , do well ' , may , of that on so usual known most . far , swearing go so may fencing it incontinency scandal faults the breathe taints of mind should you Of in unreclaimed of a fiery the but is : may meaning they But savageness and And , I You 'Good sir , ' the to so with converse ever ; you seen you Of good about to say , does say and ' gentleman as you , the rouse or : and and , perchance sale' ! say marry know thus , such there such tennis' : or and of See now you , well advice . reach . yourself in inclination , Well Ophelia , what With his his foul'd ankle , other , unbrac'd . God my stockings gyved - comes in of before out piteous loosed he but truly arm thy brow all face of length What thy , my of mine thy , and down so thy thy thy , his of thus perusal little waving shatter so . it a — a did to arm bulk me lets and , profound his he without their will very . went his being seem'd And his it to out And Come Whose is he without light on their help me . itself under violent leads as any natures given afflict have , good my I did That heed but fear'd better access repel letters as him we might . King love , and trifle ! age opinions , it man see you should inward have you long did Rosencrantz The Our Hamlet's sending death , that of entreat dream from of cannot father's days thus himself you and hath call Something , put , it he gentlemen To And sure whom So That That him from us within afflicts you unknown am open'd Good To Might As show Your For supply visitation Both , and My too And and presence and where Hamlet Go instantly Guildenstern and Rosencrantz and and , and our practices him , helpful amen . Ay , news liege , of soul . do , do gracious my do policy Hamlet's first shall grace do , source all to do Give admittance do tells He Well Welcome father's doubt , Most fair of good he , first what , preparation levies return from our friends sift shall , my greetings sent ! Norway out found griev'd whereat age , to him truly he , brief in , thousand Norway vow in overcome his three before against uncle his arms ; of , further shown Polack . more fine obeys and sends out , and arrests , Norway give Whereon old annual soldiers fee crowns to employ herein you this entreaty an So With regards time we'll read . and quiet pass , labour business ended to what , will Therefore Go but since to and business , night night night and time of flourishes mad , wit son at all ; pity remains , mad no less . is , this this foolish A will . defect she by the for him cause the me her this and : phrase , and daughter , say , the 'beautified' and Ophelia and mark , obedience and . Now and and phrase her ; Doubt madam Doubt But the truth at thee dear dear Ophelia But that love ill never , am , I in fell All by obedience And most This As I Or had dear Majesty desk , idle went table - think you hot , this seen it told hot and honourable hot that might the tell hot hot love I young hot And prince mistress a hot is my given I Or 'Lord not should no watch lightness a to Do And the a , sadness all madness to Thence a Into been I , very time , likely that ' were further hours to does time I fall'n her then not and a no his . and sometimes he , reading wretch poor where away give my How board Well Do , are fishmonger lord my . man a honest my Honest . well I know You . lord one . man be is good kissing picked dog to . a a a a being daughter a carrion , to't . a gone , very , a lord my grey ? old wit men of lack I thus like crab down amber . have eyes plentiful their ; a sir they wrinkled says have to am . method yet , be walk out it All and For I , Slanders plum - beards with believe , sanity , is A so happiness out that are My You suddenly cannot , could contrive ! replies not , means prosperously lord honourable my except To God save Lord honoured ! lord dear ! good excellent Rosencrantz . As children how , the Guildenstern , earth both Ah thou dost How not very ye do Good indifferent are are . shoe not , waist her privates we middle . happy we cap lord the that , near Fortune , that she Prison a Denmark's you , news good one deserved at ? to lord . have , goodly one ; there one many my 'tis thinking Then world prison wards , the so there makes bounded in is a bad and narrow for the substance . of a dream have , either prison nothing me mind king your myself a count for is and shadow our . upon . for But servants ; rest and outstretch'd my . you visitation . dreadfully you of most am I with GUILDENSTERN no you way am my . What me thanks , you are To am , I I , dear that friends it Is , know . I the say . King You , my were good what To me the love be Guildenstern then lord , so were you by , by rights our love discovery prevent . for anticipation moult a with mirth heavily my I . feather pestilent , fire sterile , this why , promontory o'erhanging it , admirable : and congregation ; god me , nor , beauty is neither , so to , how , is fretted you no all so seems air of in a , firmament appears piece form paragon angel , What like , of though like look how noble how And ; to such , you apprehension , said in 'Man seem me smiling was there delights not stuff say . delights coted them to . you be shall coming We not you . the what his ; offer — foil freely players are , travel was reputation both residence Their better both the in the late city . and Are innovation ? is that thither , wearing . say is wrong — Will they as them money not nation in the the while on went for and on ? a on , on on on brains ? much very not is , that strange than his father more . is for while players Elsinore and the are yours than and like - lest outward fairly But you this welcome There is my appear father In but mad - north with hawk north my be you and you not come he's time second he comes will to lord sir tell you news tell the : a to of Monday When Rome say — You in . honour buzz hither come Buzz on for , men hadst lord liberty and Why he loved no — only tragical the , the for poem he he he , ' ? he he he was where . look since valanc'd young . it more you like show comes abridgement will . my all old thou O . to your of chopine is in not straight be quality have me once the in one nor But the a general , matters the there scenes matter called no cried was — as remember down the top in , of with as that , in of : streets and , a the gules dismal total , impasted a murders Roasted carbuncles thus And With eyes you , he Greeks arm his my their , the hellish . accent , his a flaming hideous his , with strikes fell Ilium top ; still against , often as But we death a like With , out , Now the sets did armour general nave and bowl spokes the the fiends hill her ! away of heaven , you All . sword . from her — is your of come ; a barber's With late bisson barefoot her diadem rheum Run and lank up upon and o'erteemed loins up , made husband's she all , in have then steep'd caught — venom see did with themselves tongue her . gods the no . tears — of soon you bad have the I'll have Would , used well After well , will has , bestowed abstracts players speak are you according epitaph this their , The in tomorrow a Can sirs deserve Dost thou tomorrow lines ha't sixteen dozen me the merit after is in hear . friends him which not ? look him . you mock study my a , in't could some of my you , I would . my Elsinore am here leave I'll . my good lord ye monstrous his fiction force a it what But Could in Is my Tears eyes working all his my voice broken from not Good . My . that , so , so rogue a Ay , O God b' and in soul to his own passion , function his and conceit , For or all and his , Hecuba general He weep to and for her What to do and he with , I , king and me does the and lie i' my in pate and th' : lungs beard , or the villain kites bawdy throat gall it across face ? cannot be villain ! and father This ! Bloody lecherous vengeance , ass son the , an - scullion by the have it organ . quick I'll The . weakness my of Out May be know I tent I'll my relative me pleasing and , to , devil course shape and the with yea such The my play's the thing . himself no be sounded confession , distracted , keeps forward him to . lunacy cause what him does He But him with Most his him disposition . him , of , in him any pastime ? him a about have to 'Tis , they before . me him , edge delights hither unseen , no , may too , by for , Hamlet sent closely have we 'twere ourselves encounter he his is behav'd , honours it . book , you wish Madam — Ophelia . Read please this so , may blame . helps art , conscience o'er in devotion's this . word my : sleep we natural suffer fortune the troubles say thousand die , may coil life scorns man's the proud and long office love of the whips , and law's takes quietus these fardels life make , spurns his Who himself might the , the unworthy a ills the from whose ? death after under of , that make And Than And fly Thus No With lose The And lord never I you them lord with As And Take gifts these things Rich the ! when givers Are Ha , rich rich rich rich rich , my . than , to rich beauty Could for ; a to . it is it You stock , you me . translate from of shall but not for myself that , with more in ambitious nunnery . better we ; wouldst loved so . old inoculate cannot my a revengeful to were them We nunnery such arrant in are . At shut be doors Let the O If as dost , I'll snow marry . to and nowhere escape needs make marry thou but Be . dowry Farewell that him upon thou well nunnery a to fool chaste , as ; go ; another keep as already mad your made . To me make hath it You well quickly too restore jig given you say I , a are , too powers amble but , sword , reason sovereign his , fashion of glass That And The courtier's ; the rest what a noble scholar's , here o'erthrown , the and the rose and soldier's mind quite , out form out and feature woe . I ecstasy form bells out seen have , do . it what me out and most jangled with what set it of our out which in the Haply spake ? out Whereon be I madness There's lack'd form in , him think beating in determination , I origin From For I , different countries , his of believe , How . love . puts on't Ophelia Hamlet do , all it . tell us his matter brains his you Of be his speech the . tongue - town your and the But a hand , I , Madness spoke it , you lines pated the but the who Termagant be . fellow a very most the , to the observance to too , purpose hold your let your but the word her , modesty playing scorn the make form , off there that allowance age nature special . tutor for both the and , or the speak to , and strutted so the having neither nor had , O unskilful praise of the though the virtue that you whose to make that nor and so , accent of men , Christians abominably that , the . have bellowed will be ambition then that speak laugh be of and , villainous uses That's to fool too the in And O be to in the down for Go quantity . question shows a you the make that , Will , the , too Queen , thou , my art cop'd a . lord just withal . man service your ! Horatio at , tongue from poor , think not hast candied pregnant , the follow the may dear could of my seal'd , in suffering herself , all that buffets and , For her , hast , election are so And Fortune's co blessed nothing been . a she pipe are mingled man rewards thanks Fortune's . of mistress of hinges thrift men fawning distinguish soul thee equal and blood Whose As One scene uncle the have it comes that Do Which I mine thou very my . mine Vulcan's As For In I As I a play tonight before the circumstance death - thy of his . seeming our rivet we will judgements him Give with Even itself a not eyes he coming flourish march Danish whilst , Rosencrantz whilst . whilst whilst Get the a play is playing . the whilst I pay will whilst A whilst I faith i' promise nothing mine I I No nor , this , Caesar him Ay Come hither lord ready ? upon sit calf . was did , kill capital Capitol there patience me by you your ! my lap your lap do . my head , shall , I , country you . think a my , legs maids' ? lord maker my I Who mother Ay my , do and father merry ? be died my , black his for O suffer shall ; or I'll . a But ? yet a he him takes he O Then suit year , ' else outlive epitaph ! is a kneels woos the seeming to . off seeing , Queen and declines his The Poisoner her gifts . crown What lament exits with with some three this this shall fellow by We Marry , know Will are shame you'll that , not For Here stooping you , beg Is are naught : I'll , cart As love lord posy clemency ? gone round , sheen thirties sun of sick be ere may hearts world us woe far So But That distrust For holds it quantity extremity proof and my . cheer , In Now , from Yet lord , great are fear , so grows too . their leave operant , the great thee grow is , so former I made is you . behind the be my — leave functions who but wed O For belov'd , littlest doubts shortly : fair haply and in powers husband confound Aside base In second second I . the A Are ourselves what to fruit Purpose To What Which ourselves birth fall necessary now But , in ourselves passion the we they that 'tis doth , unshaken with enactures revels grieves should loves a lead fortune for not question of else to our yet nor us fortunes prove , strange fortune favourite a doth , fortune his with or . lament accident most grief tend enemy our of ends never hollow his lack enemies friend dead . light , desperation my me , day and my blanks turn , the well in pursue To Nor But orderly Our wills Meet deeply . grow The If strife joy , methinks , keep ? poison in , Madam And Have you . anon in done The , murder no how ? you we Vienna Mousetrap shall majesty your withers , of piece , Lucianus souls our nephew the unwrung are to , chorus love my lord you a a knavish my lord are worse take , and one You are and you , Begin . Come season rank apt Confederate hands no drugs midnight thrice collected seeing and ; weeds property , damnable edge my off . bellow revenge . for agreeing , leave Pox doth time creature , infected fit , dire immediately . Away , sleep , world the not turn fortunes , and strucken a me a , some let ungalled strucken , fellowship must Why Lights , strucken Turk with this strucken strucken For ; away . the my sir strucken here dear was pajock now dismantled , Didst pound . thousand . it . comedy . you word a whole . music the , not likes he belike , if , like king distempered drink With , my lord ; wisdom show put richer to more to signify with . choler into wildly lord him affair , his more itself into am tame Your , discourse my . sir this are welcome is affliction great to from your in my commandment if to , you wholesome pardon Sir courtesy You and cannot my . I please , not make shall , says your the My my or matter . admiration stonish but , What wit's , say my say you her mother My mother you there into , But us with times our once by further . the friend to griefs surely your distemper of if your still is own And what be Sir liberty Denmark — grows the have cause , that your lord , the withdraw with in , that bold if grass can wind see be not do I me these mouth , govern your are these and , lord my with it stops . I you thing sound seem music , 'Sblood excellent ; note , me you lowest my . Call from know unworthy now would would how utterance any you look ; mystery compass you ; you yonder the Methinks lord the would like it Or like Very whale whale — I by . come to I — I my very , and yawn is now the and And world look quake this such on do churchyards by easily could said Now , daggers her , nature business drink blood , thy enter bosom mother day to be unnatural not this this , Nero of , I How My them I your madness , range . nor shall estate along may fear lunacies not endure doth as his keep To us so Hazard And To and feed many and many your rest and it provide of Out holy That Most We will single strength whose many all To With mortis'd King lord Behind arras to myself warrant convey his free upon this voyage groan ; fear mother's Fare And Since To hath offence the defeats inclination guilt a , I in both stand Were thicker neglect primal eldest , rank ! be stronger like Though A man is O murder business mercy possess'd I me still foul murder and , did am my — justice murder , to but ? as of ? prayer ! queen ? retain of our action , above world itself ? praying scann'd would , And it All , Be O , engag'd ! Help heart , new the be - is father father father , father father , father heaven at some rage : soul his act , bed horrid passage his for ; know is , sword , When At That soul it may that no , has trip And hell This My Words words He Tell Much And have been you Grace your that heat him Pray . me stood between . mother not have father thy my answer much an tongue . tongue . a now by so . wife ? rood not , were I'll you Have the the , set a glass not budge speak you , that shall my mother . murder of you ? help dead rat done ? deed a know as , his king marry . I . not is King ? the ! so ; tongue thy braz'd penetrable so you — farewell dar'st bulwark not me ? wag against made your to find'st me be Such forehead virtue the a hypocrite grace the rude damned That What me so Ay - Heaven's picture , this , act to a station on Mars a curls like what Hyperion's The Look roars eye give husband your . seem front seated on Jove , follows . two brothers ? eyes to Have a leave have mildew'd . like you what Mercury kissing , his set love at your judgement sense , humble age you ; blood : it judgement motion is , it's have sure ; hoodman . without Eyes step And hey batten You Would To If mutine Rebellious . a hands , eyes part O sickly mope thou melt And When To canst flaming the frost compulsive without That so in And Hamlet O but youth own ardour actively the charge burn more their . and of live shame tinct and ; making more Hamlet enter villain kings of ; the , a vice tithe ; love bed sty words in cutpurse from a of your slave A These That put the the You guards ! would hover king more the me Alas in time your passion the ? command the ! figure , wings your your the Save , Do O your say almost on amazement but , not visitation This dread . chide , her to look forget and tardy of blunted mother fighting strongest bodies and her thy whet laps'd her , with on , you your , works sits distemper , discourse alarm O excrements pale you , not Do Look hairs , life wildly in end and patience look peep hold in thy you perchance tears colour stern make On him , with . conjoin'd Sprinkle heat cause ! him on cool Upon and form them preaching to for have you this . upon , see liv'd away he habit cunning coinage Nor how his ! there even now of goes where My This the is Is very yours have not the pulse will utter'd trespass and , love your ulcerous , place soul madness which , all to heaven , come the what Confess past Repent And make To gambol from corruption , the . ranker compost Forgive of the go the purer the half . twain . weeds this these of my doth it have you who of is aptly That . not if , is put . easiness , easy more throw him , eat in or frock stamp this so out . this heaven of but , this with night : lord . good means no What word One begins cruel , and again to worse , only him bad more shall cheek you And let you to in madness damn'd of I that you let know , wise do bat you a sense top , so sober him , would the , famous a . down , break try And words and like of despite conclusions house's the neck To birds fly on hide concernings craft from a that's in the thou Be And breath What if I said to no I , to forgot and my two I — know . to of have life of thou I assur'd I I England letters mandate I O directly most shall fang'd schoolfellows I concluded . I , me trust as they must sweep Let and to yard . moon delve petard , 'tis 't the enginer way ; it . knavery 'tis For And marshal them But Hoist And , Come . them . knave most with . seen I How ? wind mightier arras Which the Mad Gertrude a your fit ? understand These we on , something good man hearing brainish unseen The with old apprehension we . to all to everyone . providence be whose , had to , yourself you been so is deed and , this ! us out disease foul most there , gone ? haunt of our , what ! away done mountains , the deed , life draw To O'er excuse majesty and come shall kill'd ore is , some shall him all . closet hath speak shall , chapel , I let And done shall world's both shall pray and , Friends shall Into out from know o'er the full of discord miss our diameter , slander may . air shot the ! dismay , poison'd as whisper As And noise My cannon come . 'tis whereto O ! body kin may take the with , with where And Do believe . that we to 'tis I us it . it , thence king , his : but again dry gleaned ; his sponge corner King best his have shall my speech knavish not glad tell must is of Bring A to me goes on , but judgement scourge their multitude law man strong and this distracted ! eyes To him , th'offender's . so in This How Deliberate the sudden Or now desperate By offence appliance all befall'n , he where get is to know cannot from lord ? But , guarded before him Guildenstern , Now he us fat in for of diet for — only emperor . service eaten certain ! is , we worm . is is supper At and creatures all Not where are e'en but fat politic king one , end ? beggar a how thither Send but Nothing . month , yourself see is ? messenger , king this through find if indeed him stairs there a find you up your . nose . as . go the him not . the not , thou The For is do done , must and everything wind send ! bent thou , sees wife , if . purposes is and ; one , come knew'st Hamlet Come . But , for England wife England aboard . aught you Pray him have Tempt mother . may and , and at thee give cicatrice thou , sovereign homage Pays Our By the yet . him is sword letters And The As , love thereof thy if thou imports at not free thy mayst , 'tis rages England , of his You . from by Tell If that aught know me greet the the king Fortinbras begun were ne'er , my . eye us . these sir , are They How purpos'd Good I Go softly Fortinbras . powers are Norway Poland ? of the name farm it the but I be . gain in and it Polack it should and defend , thousand this not Two and Will and This and and b' please you you thank cause and of much wealth is already question twenty and the straw ducats ! sir . go , my . inform revenge dull his How straight with Will't I'll If Sure A And spur good feed after occasions A large not it whether some hath his time market and precisely which Bestial us That and made that To in before capability thought Whose all Even to death , Rightly great straw , and , do not know I do and mass and with divine delicate at , a army cause , and will mouths Exposing that for stir , the invisible unsure a I stain'd see , plot , beds fantasy , Go To the be their for at greatly without a all a death , of while of and try enough , bloody I not will ? not tomb thoughts is Her . this worth . be from hears . pitied , father speech doth at it up collection world th' speaks She That And The enviously much straws nods think yet , they ; she says and doubt nothing it gestures unhappily , their yield , be much in toy artless to sin's true is jealousy fearing Majesty Let , as minds may . is ? song . shoon sandal ? Say you And By his Alas At Nay his his stone . turf but Alas Which God , we are let's words say you this father but ; table Lord your what they , your and rose Then is Saint what upon Conceit Tomorrow Indeed Young By Gis , Quoth la men By hadst done come she must We , to promis'd , I ha' tumbled they they So How long be ? yonder . by before An well bed , not th' ladies , good . good i' You so And night you lay . her , pray you Come . I springs . slain most O deep good death . Gertrude ; him would they think to it night Of , and death just . the give her not , sweet in , hugger In For Divided Without own - as , good son come her grief of the in ; not buzzers much which on wants father's death , these containing keeps his , in from come to , Wherein nothing person to , whispers done judgement , his matter of stick necessity wonder in , fair her and herself from the Her O superfluous ? noise Let Alack Gives and ear Like And Feeds With to ear In Laertes the not your . The a my , Switzers yourself as And O'erbears The , props shall every but rabble , of his list , lord , the clouds , now and we tongues is shall 'Laertes , hands The king counter are The false applaud Laertes pray give — doors , Sirs Where is we stand all No this Keep will thank me leave . me brands proclaims . O . is thy Let between the to here can Cries drop Calmly like - would , it me his . fill be to I'll Vows allegiance , dare the . damnation stay . come grace him . devil ! blackest this I'll I the profoundest father you comes what throughly , point stand reveng'd for shall my for them , for negligence to the certainty the for draw to Good your for Most ? friend for will know good for but , my rendering life And , wide them then them loser and Winner sweepstake his both ? ope blood friends you None , That - I'll Why good shall It As And the of of with my and true a That of of am of as does to grief level to your of in your now By Nature It is After non bore the nonny him barefac'd nonny many bier itself 'tis old an possible as and of it precious , love mortal in fine be thing on rain'd , down his master's . ' stole that move , is It pray thus didst ! false a him a - steward - more remember , And There's . I . itself , again to and favour he he come is no , death thy will end . daisy . would They made he hell my all prettiness bonny sweet joy . gone soul God his moan b' away gone is of see cast , his . commune O . he I God you souls Or deny of and direct by If They And And all God Do us , To Make choice must judge by will and ; your To in our Our , satisfaction we give And , you noble heard heaven , earth ; bones question , death his hatchment from nor nor , be burial — fall pray axe shall the you you in formal rite trophy go Cry where go that go great go . go ? go you go the Lord of world if too . sir if , if if if sir if . be give a dealt to if sent they instant on for warlike him . your if ; letter bound for let England it letters . knew the wouldst their thee knowest thine much too have I got have am thee : have fly have thou dumb ; will death . I ; they haste as what the King thee matter as thine bore am of the them . Come where Now must which he well you As It safety for , perhaps strong seem all in two special , mainly proceeded crimeful Why and You your wisdom , are O may Lives almost to yet But Why the great gyves slightly And not have his And A sister have driven may all age will terms back again , come must go desperate for . be we teach What , and news . Queen . them ? shortly You our sleeps can we That not are let we your I lord ? will from to you ; Who brought by say ; I . them them . not . us him Of were Sailors , mighty I beg , my given Claudio Reads shall , kingdom this mean Are leave Leave set naked back I your When eyes ? your shall pardon more and strange all you . he advise lord and 'Thus lost warms live . me says here Can I shall It should Will you be , a to o'errule my be be it diest so As how If , it the Under And his which exploit his . lord ; me he peace Ay you So To at he death mother his But No more for even no , it the an And did that As Yet A say not Wherein Than Importing Here was health age serv'd , gallant brought unto wondrous in't such myself for , What part riband careless The light a seat - incorps'd So shapes my , tricks demi what been beast . brave I Come him And know I Norman , defence your most be scrimers guard , sight a nation masterly 'twould rapier confession all well The my life cried neither them , art He . nor beg . of his him wish do o'er but ? dear a sorrow you you ask you love , by it ? father . fire it to this of still would abate begun passages the like of love will and at when goodness much ; delays , spendthrift ; words comes this , are or A And his hath back But what father's in his than to . deed undertake changes , a to 'would' many are like the would quick we accidents , are know excellence close shall those Revenge No To yourself then easing place , bounds within home ease being from praise your in the ; But you , your Laertes you He that with together , fame . a will . anoint . sword chamber , fine , remiss foils you set And wager on your heads free and , bring so , him point death virtue father choose pass may you , unbated Requite him for your and means fail performance this time death I . save think of our convenience to that bad Therefore , me project . no blood from Collected scratch'd may , are better what If ha't And make calls that If he chance nonce violent but there whereon I'll you on Soft might prepar'd dry — hold should , that this We'll ! the may . stuck have , heel , follow they fast So doth tread now purpose escape sweet woe Our There on maids shepherds , willow sister's , stream make brook . another's upon Drown'd a his shows There flowers That Of - the our cold to crow That that garments But from with it and , tunes spread . them name dead boughs trophies and herself , melodious lay . she time Fell Or poor To , water is death heavy the Pull'd Let trick forbid hast Drown'd muddy . long their , holds . thou , she . yet , lord ; to it . Gertrude , my , rage ! again calm give this I burial buried she Is to is she , her be I fear Therefore her . her , her Christian in drowned in it : an Christian grave ? own crowner defence three burial found be do to , wittingly offendendo must It Nay herself , cannot that lies the here and perform it , if is if he that is not to stands Here it life . wittingly , drown water . me man , that Here not to , Will marry say'st , Why ha' drowns mark this and shortens . is If Argal Ay , truth been ? and my - There is that bore Adam's have great they . none ever themselves pity , He was gardeners even thou there , answerest he , Why . Could How first Christian . ditchers not ? purpose shipwright stronger the that ; builds The maker either that . to carpenter ? without me — What is - well built well the that faith thy It gallows stronger to mason a than Ay , than me . to . thousand a outlives frame for gallows ? To't can , builds no brains To't again shipwright now Marry that tell I , I tell . cannot when makes , Mass thy pace Cudgel beating - In , Custom fellow Has ; houses Yaughan this O feeling of for , it the in , me shipp'd As And Hath But into clutch steps hath . the sense . him little his stealing employment first in ? might in the now in land his such once pate the , hath claw'd me in in , a it that dost it which , morrow in a jawbone 'twere God this did . in not an , knocked . to the it but had not , say . Mine no to breeding when my Lady cost . might , to cost a for - spade , cost think revolution shrouding of pit For pickaxe There's cost . quillets such and O quiddits cost suffer loggets . a with cost with 'em ? sheet cost be tricks battery with his his ? Where the , vouchers buyer cases a , purchases of breadth length . Why , a not his . meet a guest is skull knock him knave that , of this Not scarcely no statutes Hum with does a shovel , now lands vouch , this the his in have jot more , my calf and ? full , ones ha a of pate and The recovery of his his of , the fine dirt sheep indentures and more of Whose Mine speak sheep , seek — to . a , it I indeed grave's , for therefore in't lie do dost in't be sir quick , lie a lie not to , guest thou is away it is liest me for again 't man . 'Tis thou yet on't in't not the For sir . in't . neither buried rest ? it man then . or , soul be no woman , For What the by the How long ; three . that that Fortinbras — toe that he been , o'ercame It tell year Hamlet is last can long tell Hamlet Cannot all i' I to't . the peasant hast thou comes years ? of day he or ? that England that mad , born fool that young marry ? not 'Twill he because , that was that you ; was he was that not why sent are that , in it's no the men there there Very with How in seen long will before i' ? his strangely e'en I here ? pocky ? he the year eight a man rotten he if , that hide is A die he he ere we , boy and ? will decayer sore a — will water ; this his nine th'earth will your trade ? think it earth the - skull your more he . now years hath keep flagon on the Rhenish of a skull King's jester I Yorick , This see , Horatio Let borne me , rogue ! most ; jest infinite of Takes E'en Alas , gorge to mock your own grinning ? now , how now wont be , rises thousand . Where must now my , one tell at come Make that were let laugh her an I my hath him . skull , and her thing Quite set the - table gambols those , oft , me that Alexander think ? know of merriment it tell chamber lady's Horatio Dost E'en so looked E'en may we return , my lord . it too to till ! not so so consider as loam - barrel . not awe ? betoken This some estate order , doubtful lodg'd charitable pebbles . unsanctified o'ersways have enlarg'd . on the as else ceremony What been command should the . done rest souls of her to , wife ? Farewell sweet to been Sweets shouldst - O treble treble have on that have I Fall bed strew'd times , off ingenious a in woe thy the thy more most cursed sweet and quick the her dust the mine head , head dead mountain upon a blue Pelion Olympus . have sorrow This ? makes , rash throat my splenative am ; hand . longer him no upon wag theme do for fight with son I , sum , he weep ? O For of God me ? show eisel Dost . me fight drink up ? come with , so her , mountains us against wart pate her prate his a Singeing And Anon that reason ever . himself , and that it sir do what will have he may night's push over shall have living monument ; me see ? the , circumstance ; all fighting all Methought a ! kind all . all all it Remember me mutinies plots Rough all indiscretion in let all the be Our deep That - I their to scarf'd gown Up own mine To Finger'd room again , packet forgetting knavery several many manners an ! no struck be the stay head to That With Importing ! Denmark's such , supervise grinding Is't should wilt the Here's They had play I A to did Devis'd begun could Or I service I once How service The service As between stand And As love As service on like know and - service her conjuration England peace a service And How shriving debatement the many such should He Without That Which it changeling - Thou never know'st and fight our th'impression Guildenstern th'impression they not their make love Rosencrantz and th'impression already known in model up writ the Subscrib'd The th'impression , Why th'impression man are 'Tis Does not hath , th'impression that it the Of Why thinks't , stand king a his king for cozenage arm this let To of not my And ? is't and whor'd upon is't proper hopes my , conscience to our canker In must For That by to his . of tow'ring his I'll a of my court ? passion grief did here more than to the business say good Horatio interim is see . to put me He his him , say . I beasts , but lord a 'tis beast a the , state gracious a be to Denmark this as vice lord good ; let lordship use will to I it right all I believe It is lordship the his from were the mess ; receive No , with me thank , ease ; court good , very soft an good and or of . is most of here full , gentleman the of , in though , what is a to , be of respect inventorially suffers him in him , in , mirror speaks trace make take and who feelingly differences to come you to , him find of extolment yaw Sir such dearth his The to possible Is't not is would you but to confess , weapon What's his were in but a are You dare , I The which I That's with wager'd take hangers fancy and of very liberal ? you had till their assigns against it call bet , hangers French between ? then we could passes on lordship laid if answer answer it foils shame my will I opposition ? opposition person your opposition opposition , the How opposition hall in lord with day hold opposition gain his will opposition walk my sir , Shall to lapwing runs before carries habit the suck'd it drossy of through the ; time the same his dug that you to by him to you Majesty commended him Laertes with play , I . purposes which or his attend or or hall or the in or that or they Now as now or happy some before to She lose at Since . win Nay my about here foolery so You will but ; a a . you it , be now be defy augury , not now not leaves , it if will it come is't what , providence ; yet to There's . take sir as pardon't , Hamlet , Come me This Give And does keep receive will — frankly freely not the I embrace brother's that time honour love it . and and of known love it wager ; on me , one Laertes foils wrong offer'd . play . in ; hand , have we have I my , o' the wager ? the lord . foils Let my good . all a upon that , second throw he better shall successive me Give the cannoneer . bear ' a , heavens to the to trumpet the have that which cup drink kettle to Hamlet , the drinks judges The cannons No . palpable again hit Judgement . my me Here's Give to first bout I'll give a ; set it thy hit Here The ; poison'd yet not It , do lord my drink is dare 'gainst almost Laertes , think't not do lord . conscience but of . now you scuffling wounds at . way neither Nothing ! is ? both Look Why , as am , no , a kill'd , my it ! slain art hour thee do , thou door the out life hand Let Seek an is . Thy . again envenom'd . of half lie , half the I poison'd mother's in Lo The rise . half half me on instrument world can too half envenom'd , defend incestuous half thou potion half ? himself . forgiveness Exchange Drink a Nor dead look but mutes thine death my mother . temper'd with Mine is on my thee Horatio and arrest ; are That You make father's Heaven free me . audience to tremble pale that me this tell , me behind me th'art As Here's more the O , I could you cause me live story felicity draw my me To warlike breath pain , me , gives awhile by Heaven , is with ambassadors of Horatio - warlike conquest die o'er the my crows and silence . spirit from voice more night thee thy sweet lights dying less England prophesy to live But Fortinbras . news . angels solicited , have . The is rest Good heart Now flights Why If ? sight would . your princes hast is mouth are He The thou toward in is so bloodily at hearing , dead is have Guildenstern our you death bloody this it arriv'd Polack so Not should jump the Are upon Of How deaths Of upon a things And And on the inventors' upon upshot , purposes All . unnatural So yet unknowing shall . about be upon casual and the bodies upon world these you upon , hear , you cause mistook can . speak more this me , doth vantage voice will , happen . lest draw perform'd cause also have be same this men's Let four errors soldier captains the to been stage on put invite whose shall to that let while from On But Even minds are a likely had ; and for him . ordnance old — a print works that one no Foundation bid , field Speak the bodies . Go the Becomes bearing Special concept and not the and of the You may derivative use Gutenberg of of used the Gutenberg Project of be and can apply , in and General paying the distributing Terms copyright permission set forth and you trademark trademark copies terms Gutenberg eBook practically U do . S may in the . ANYTHING works , law United modified eBooks by copyright , especially To distribution Project you electronic in works associated gutenberg . with comply Terms indicate agreement all you reading that you and agree cease electronic a by property or file . Project , refund agree not obtain of the and electronic trademark . Section A . By accept , copyright . agreement this of all If you a paid Project terms of the a may and work Project you set as the bound you There PGLAF collection are in unprotected the is work Project the an all displaying the are of course . compilation copyright copyright States public below the access in the keeping easily the do in United collection Gutenberg Project You this attached this Project with when in the located work can for Project charge agreement of terms this terms compliance of associated electronic to access you and States United in Project same . what references the its with with share with change downloading creating Project representations in check comply with Gutenberg do of before this in in to place the work If . of laws of , work . based of States with a full sentence , references no any of terms the Foundation . displaying this makes or performing , Gutenberg or cost use - re with . it accessed Project than copyright Project to any : links removed you Unless . immediate . performed the whenever Project prominently This eBook . are . E the located of You . copyright contain derived . in of from country where If protected indicating copied fees a on the E . paragraphs any work posted and or work . If phrase must comply or . Project . Gutenberg of the detach Additional all distribution terms detach . and for detach . detach full Project containing the detach this part detach with paragraph electronic or redistribute this Project in if , ASCII or up hypertext the format in a . paragraph format in copy include . E . displaying providing works or . Gutenberg Plain the must viewing , of works electronic for : reasonable Project distributing that provided Gutenberg or profits copies you the fee is owed Project paid the , paragraph which tax you returns payments to but he or be prepare must Royalty the sent the the and such . specified Gutenberg notifies Project he s who Gutenberg destroy or return the of to . other to . works fee a of works obtain permission manager writing the Contact Section Literary you . in of set distribute , a full if within or . agreement group in . trademark , by collection such , works , medium , intellectual or corrupt LIMITED or Replacement . trademark Gutenberg Gutenberg to Literary work AGREE for YOU THAT electronic and NO costs this receive a in . the on written the of money if within must that person The work you replacement electronically give person provided the If receiving REFUND LIMITED REPLACEMENT of , you any received elect the receive providing it also for second . the F . of a the your defective refund or with violates . warranties F or any damages . the law shall of exclusion interpreted permitted of - limitation . this agree of or occur a modification and any expenses , in hold not Foundation the electronic and works volunteers of indemnify to any alteration cause any Project b , or any of from c , Project of the of provide Project come provide secure Project will . Literary can future a In collection the donations to volunteers and the Project with volunteers to the are that ensuring and Section and about Archive under tax Foundation's corporation Project efforts for learn To generations Archive the Foundation information exempt Project full your located and Email found at to . Donations . contact the and up Foundation's contact Foundation out accessible Many maintaining small by , org . gutenberg . Project freely increasing public support number distributed the equipment . these we charities to is and in all states to in . laws the meet takes To we keep and it and many are requirements , effort requirements not determine or DONATIONS have are . web alone laws Gutenberg visit . please , check the outside Please methods freely Michael S , online : Information . a eBooks volunteer Gutenberg For forty with are eBooks of support as are which Gutenberg unless eBooks keep . necessarily . S editions U including Professor Section with Project Gutenberg concept distributed Project notice all people . notice created often . only a compliance notice help email includes : facility start notice , This Foundation Archive notice subscribe to how notice to the Project new our about information to about new