Stand Stand Stand your upon thanks relief And Stand this Stand twelve come Stand struck now You For The hear I them of . think , Who is ? Friends this honest place what , Horatio ? night - you my Barnardo Welcome Horatio has our hold us of seen him minutes this again the belief take of tonight . this along fantasy nothing again thing twice entreated , 'tis let I us Sit down again Tush let That What are may this Touching That to eyes approve it . heaven one it And us the , scholar , Peace now yond When In Looks would the Mark King that's . Horatio , fear to speak King ? it harrows it fair and majesty this It . it like thou What Together ? speak , heaven that Question which stalks charge ! answer not look ! Stay , and Of God my mine Horatio not now Before like like like With In like But Thus like Good like to martial stalk to in This So nightly foreign such , to sit what to now to to make Who that joint least Doth What not Does mart this with be is't as , prick'd combat Thereto so this with law by ; our by a moiety compact law lands , law law law law Fortinbras , full , and , Norway of which strong hand , take . the land with to sun of ; Neptune's doomsday and fire high of the Julius of mind's the Rome and star ! Roman the moist influence almost like preceding omen the , blood of . be , fate and thing good art I'll cross hast soft If That If , privy foreknowing ! grace . may of thy me do , the you Stay oft country's in thy speak uphoarded and , it which Shall Do 'Tis at Stop I of For 'Tis ! cock crew . violence invulnerable to . at earth truth of in his throat air , herein of crowing made the . This his or Th'extravagant confine To say day his the in our ever birth Saviour's of they The Wherein that nights takes heard But Break look , witch is part eastward hill . seen have will him , us ; yon high the planets dare all no spirit no nor gracious , are hallow'd I have Let's do't we Where I , conveniently this I and dear , of , memory To Yet bear To The Though our contracted far we our so hearts That hath in of now this , sorrow wisest one with auspicious weighing and with delight have which , scale wife , Now state Holding better mirth With With Our Or to To our Thus Now for Who his and , business is : Fortinbras , for meeting : writ hears suppress levies made Voltemand power than to purpose : and proportions in here and , of Cornelius subject that this you to good The of his herein full and greeting you old commend show farewell news to thou What , offer suit of What my more native thy , Laertes our . you . duty the . not shall lose You your That cannot . is speak some reason to to the Laertes instrumental of have my willingly to favour hand the Than The Yet thoughts I will do Upon , Have And My them your But Aside How know'st Seek And , Ay ! alone Nay good , not ? it it my , it is particular so If , solemn of ; seems mother know black cloak inky suits suspiration forms that within and your the which that moods , shows in of the of indeed of play seem suits a the for your his lost obsequious filial obstinate stubbornness impious will a It Of In father But sweet and these must you give lost heart understanding must , impatient to unmanly be thing peevish sense to opposition , cried , common unschool'd is . Wittenberg Hamlet . eye our Wittenberg For nobility toward retrograde back you . bears to most going is It In And Our to This the the , pray I smiling jocund cannon earthly solid resolve too King's too itself flesh into shall the speaking thunder heaven ; grace tell whereof today again , O ! garden nature in to to loving so ; to of , flat the things it should gross this ! unprofitable , not mother ! earth heaven that Why and shoes woman she she poor thy within grown much was this Heaven appetite , beteem Frailty , would on a him — no Within more discourse those — mine like a unrighteous galled her most but ; salt cannot I my sheets speed . the left such , dexterity O — most flushing beast of to brother she followed — wants married — longer all , My Would O — is not It what And , good from name with myself , ever you friend that I'll make you But your Sir am very Marcellus lord . good faith in to My see glad , disposition do my your you make . it your I , you is drink see fellow mother's student funeral depart ere deep teach yourself To Nor Against But it do We'll what me my - it ! forth Horatio I my father . wedding . upon hard funeral marriage The tables . Horatio lord my that see a eye he Did coldly seen My him my I In mind's , a him his like him King think , the Saw marvel , he solemn with them and by fear - before Goes Within him whilst the ; secrecy with In Almost dreadful and truncheon's oppress'd them waste encounter'd Marcellus , on gentlemen these had to The of Where I apparition thing as upon But each , them they the , are where I was lord My And not made it , even the then it lord platform to I none , did yet speak address did it and haste sight cock as head the it crew in , would 'tis our . me ? this troubles to , O , my , look'd Nay Pale What lord you not to face foot ? wore he his up he , his constantly eyes very , in there much amaz'd you have like very would I had had . Most would had I had had It as sable I had watch ; tonight in was saw't . I Not Longer . longer , have A I speak it have my you Perchance I will 'twill assume it my warrant noble it will to hold an your visit 'twixt as arms mine in father's Your Our ! night the foul deeds duty , foul earth my to your I'll to All is . you play spirit some sit then Till Though , from doubt you me hear do . the permanent violet The A , a of in No For Hold Think it more but nature it a Forward , fashion and , suppliance and the The and And bulk of he you ; will but soul and doth crescent thews In No more . so more now , but Perhaps cautel alone you , now his birth persons nor soil his weigh'd is for health not of no not his will subject unvalu'd . himself He he is Unto for voice saying deed particular loves body believe honour chaste treasure , sister of rear my desire of ear credent weigh Then If Ophelia is your you importunity , danger beauty her chariest shot the or , the to the or or moon the The keep , it Fear or galls buttons their your affection . enough or or my in or lies though this But good heart my itself wary th'effect ungracious are best morn are of . else good steep Himself Show me the are As Whilst Do to as watchman I Youth pastors keep are , liquid dew near , brother reckless are not me fear not primrose recks are his path are not own and a And the like puff'd libertine ; for leave . act means no , sail , his by of hoops with entertainment , Beware comrade , quarrel in thoughts in thy your their and , hast familiar . tongue but a habit oft best purse reserve ; in rank and and lender chief be of itself man the rich thy , palm with soul thine that entrance not - to Bear't every thy thy ; thy : that thy . thy station can thy . my in man day thy , thee , your remember self both borrower a my invites , it of key memory said the you my Most do not canst Thou you please So is't I , And yourself well hath me Marry private been , If Have — of not of And that be he yourself up I so You of late made the understand my , you most daughter Pooh in such perilous me . circumstance lord ? do so audience caution way you it You As in Give , hath Which That you are not thus — Tender these , my you . the tender of for ? a what lord know teach have do ! as . them think call to go vows honourable hath ta'en to , In you'll wind tenders think ; phrase with more poor fashion it call given fashion may importun'd me . know heaven my to And catch , holy his speech , is rate Lord few you larger be his vows ; for , Hamlet , light entreatments in command And in Giving Even You Be Than Set their promise , From he your higher may their In unholy pious bawds show , brokers mere like plain . of a suits they tether that he , walk Ophelia forth Hamlet your ways . leisure this : shrewdly and a bites so , any slander This or Have I charge talk you ; in with moment my is . it I shall think it nipping The air is Indeed What hour I the this draughts drains his and of The And King What Keeps as wassail - triumph it Is he And More This us drunkards indeed with of ; clepe traduc'd our Soil From addition - achievements it oft and , though and , I marry our breach born manner of our perform'd and , east revel headed tax'd it swinish than it other height , guilty origin forts of , reason ; as — men defect of livery plausive habit , that stamp or of mole are , attribute in cannot of by breaking their and the , pales — Fortune's they be star pure undergo man his not ! of own goblin , hell ! it , of a doubt own blasts charitable Hamlet shape wicked intents thy spirit own from such Dane royal to in airs speak ministers Be thee a own with Bring own To Look own That I thou own heaven , me in , death ignorance cerements canoniz'd ; and What again in not me will thee King Why cast Hath Wherein thy , marble this ? alone To Look Wherefore beckons Say , did with Wherefore . Wherefore ground . Wherefore should What ? impartment go Wherefore As It it to some away what a do you waves Wherefore not go more . action with courteous It do waves me thing , set not my Being not speak ; it Do what my will I . lord at life should , pin's it summit o'er toys sovereignty other the itself do to that , sea into ? flood my cliff sea form reason desperation the toward you That very looks It on . not still me so Go You Be ; off , fate petty Nemean Unhand . the I heaven say I'll away rul'd each hardy call'd , after Let's To what is . rotten not issue 'tis waxes imagination to , Nay follow Something in state follow it him . Speak Mark me ? to Must render hour is , I revenge . hearing . shalt serious , shall to ? father's spirit , fast in done . of a I am , the in night nature forbid , young part not O love , dear father list ! list swift ; unnatural is it best and with wings love ; the in thou on not stir ease ; me stung given out a Is Wouldst ; but by The his , wit , to won of seduce will So With . a to her lewdness whose , a to a a as hand was in in of the mov'd be to and that there dignity queen . with of love hand mine of I Though But let My juice Upon me custom in Holds the as gates swift The my an quicksilver blood whose did , pour vial afternoon my , in ears of effect it did about vile and once , queen a body blossoms of the of by dispatch'd , unanel'd sent , to most horrible account , heaven to lodge , me . O fie his to ; pale , glow And ; all O I ; Ay And ; shall And ; of , saws , thou from all , shall by ! villain Denmark word . pernicious ! my pernicious sworn't . you and it is may , there sure and set are have My pernicious adieu and pernicious , Now pernicious it , so I damned down pernicious pernicious ; my lord ! bird ! Come lord , Heaven secure . Hamlet So . it , ho ho , ho my lord noble is't , heaven . it lord . by once think it — MARCELLUS be of man . heaven you'll my my , There There's Ay , he's ne'er , us no How you would , villain , I needs And You For every business desire shall at : grave the — right . this come . part , all you hands are i' poor my , pray and for sorry These but Such O'ermaster't It And Saint , know may as Yes What , lord we and what known My Nay lord HORATIO me Give , friends Touching me vision this . soldiers good and request my make one you We my lord cellarage . the there truepenny . sworn my Consent fellow . seen thou sword upon the stage Swear . lord have have my , our ground upon that we'll shift heard . sword . sword . Swear i' . th'earth so friends . good is and your before more things odd an put As , hereafter never , so shall mercy think philosophy heaven as therefore , soe'er stranger How I , arms With Than strange , or 'We some or me disposition doubtful I bear - head , list 'Well As That his love man commend perturbed , my do May So you ambiguous your . a me to Hamlet . Swear Beneath . us , I in together this born on lack so love And And That still time The set together . right lord notes and Reynaldo . me first lord My you ; very will do visit his him good wisely Before shall it said , more will distant you do some demands nearer , of finding , keep ? on there he's you mean so but ' marry very say ; Reynaldo friends him his this . father , my and wild , 'not ; well very I ' well so noted and drabbing fencing may so and him charge him the . on his faults so ; quaintly ; mind . general fiery blood — liberty , know would good my slight is I lord Marry , Ay laying a 'twere little these I a Mark sullies , ever Having seen And , sir it breathe country addition , prenominate , here's of him you be , about to or did ? say to about or in 'closes By , I or ' and ' . consequence' or or , gentleman — my . lord . consequence 'gentleman marry in's or such yesterday 'I and such as , 'closes saw 'I Or He mass the At or him 'friend At He At There then I , closes There was him a son not and lecture and carp house o'ertook t'other day ; now — rouse , with a such , falsehood of You indirections former have have you . My Shall inclination my , of assays with and directions me , lord music yourself in his wi' Observe God And Alas Lord No down shirt , And Ungart'red Pale , his he loosed out of his stockings , his was , in chamber God my it . fear do I truly he and all face Long . sigh seem piteous so rais'd thrice , his . shaking such length me hard his held of thus of o'er stay'd he brow the hand head to other He As it little thus He did it his to his That done shatter , all he his way This , Come And As No What afflict you , does him any as good That had , is ourselves made to letters you denied , command me But younger to close . I him heed he did kept being for hide Moreover much The Come to , we to Rosencrantz . did use Something ; the I nor than common known grief , go we to Guildenstern to long did see transformation death What so Since Of his So since I cannot much Resembles father's that More That Some draw , Good am hath occasion his here by and afflicts himself you your to brought so neighbour'd time , rest companies gather , are within unknown court thus , you , command the For As fits supply to more you majesties king's , As Your your shall a To give your visitation your power entreaty dread up lay here Might pleasures by Put And Thanks And Heavens , beseech you and I much My , Thanks son presence to him amen . helpful and our , and where gentlemen and And still And I I Are hast been ? lord liege . you father . news good King brain sure found . feast . have so my soul : mine other your main distemper son's all bring ; them , that th'ambassadors found . marriage but queen grace source and sift our me Thyself I tells and doubt His , Voltemand Say Upon be look'd 'gainst greetings what my It On Highness of brief arrests found whereat , sends , fine . Highness soldiers Polack joy with overcome , the ; Highness thousand three old vow rebuke Fortinbras Gives Whereon Highness Makes Receives falsely his against before arms against uncle Highness in , sickness borne his he Was Highness ; With therein of safety shown in , herein those annual to entreaty commission employ enterprise quiet , together we'll welcome this . time consider'd think at well to business your My This is nothing since brevity , duty . night be , is the day Were What liege should business day majesty but Mad brief , tediousness Therefore he Madam call night what night be will And limbs That , I mad Or But Thus it For rather find grant , 'tis 'tis matter More less figure 'tis pity ; Perpend effect , surmise and ; beautified she comes Now idol . obedience , is . the an ill phrase phrase stay awhile ; I to hear phrase you a : from Hamlet ? will her , Came Doubt thou sun be Good ill love most that , Ophelia . dear evermore This As But how But fell above All more out at , O , I best my hath best whilst this machine ; hath . have is me show'd , it to daughter his , what of receiv'd love ? think and idle thus , love or here , you , that , declension raves now wherein madness the all , for , wail lightness into , she be . ' no not And might What must is a prince I fruits the lock That It such Hath Do Thence I That there , be this Take If When hid , How lobby hours him daughter an loose I he does indeed were . further it . then thereon carters for farm We the wretch comes . both give . my so world , this as lord my , honest to be picked kissing a is man . daughter , Have maggots a you not say her How me . And th' my to in ; first ? said I was I youth again that . him he Words who extremity for read , you . matter , words Aside Still fishmonger far gone , What , I that tree potently most , sir . should , weak yet , this Will be it madness backward not I his lord , have I of amber wit set . in't method ? there , of out walk out Aside yourself you . honourable , take will of means , so not could sanity My suddenly replies that ! You contrive happiness that meeting life well except , Fare withal to tedious My good You God seek To excellent As Good Polonius . My ! of the - very button . happy a is . lord , but news the news honest , true she that , But . What Fortune particular the live parts my have , Prison , None doomsday Then of one We is there not think 'tis it you one being ; goodly Why then your , dreams were be makes could , it in 'tis one that indeed ambitious Which merely , is dream hold is and . airy space I of but have I it ; bad dreams substance . I fay , and court our by GUILDENSTERN and For shadow shadow for not are ambition shadow's of so , Truly such . are beggars' the that am it thanks ; lord poor too Is visitation I . Come ? in I with you . servants my of am , the you . you not I beaten way of , am , dear What to . colour anything But confession thanks even friendship my inclining me , kind of I . what the your me must - preserved But direct , a you which You , and with you were our , the , more no . hold better dear ? sent could you prevent . and even were sent Queen it not King know , seems a how in it congregation ; disposition that , reason admirable this in how action custom , discovery forgone o'erhanging , what ; I heavily all moult my have of , brave all this sterile a , to so me of , with look golden god how , moving apprehension delights you . then laugh my players world an the of think Why , like in though by Man angel paragon in , welcome shall delight We offer them service end and his verse th' in tribute ; halt sere ; Majesty shall Lenten way to tickle ? foil his lungs to use you receive shall hither the they from , you coming to , o' the to reputation of to the . city to for't her the shall those wont travel to better of late . inhibition they shall say What players whose laugh both ways both . it and aerie , so are was means when . grow ? that stages — wonted it rusty the the . escoted ? say many of , keeps How , in little , children No , they maintains they the , afterwards they rapiers berattle most afraid of their like , there no sin to are , bid unless has been them pursue than ? means make they exclaim to much tarre for if their they , Do much the O my lived than for father . it this for my my could 'Sblood , if . of . King away throwing ? it , too little me comply . you must tell , philosophy come you . than which hands . picture apiece natural in You The Let Your . Elsinore . wind lord When dear aunt ceremony and fashion is welcome of , outward , the and are yours the entertainment like father my deceived . is gentlemen an out yet not come Monday a to child morning . players 'twas Mark . of I My lord actors are to news The tell have have , he right to ; for they say You come , you tell , a me for I , pastoral , best pastoral actors The judge - comical writ of on ass — the lord a ! Why hadst only the are Plautus , treasure daughter fair What of . which follows that , you call Am and , Jephthah of It , first masters welcome . beard pass . row last thou as , my old friend in chopine a abridgement chanson came Com'st By'r by gold as , are as you and are last ! as friends not your as I am glad . you ? to as Pray the French nearer like cracked within be altitude to ladyship of , all welcome , lady uncurrent We'll e'en me the . straight , falconers give ? speech speech , was , were in an fine method , thereabout of , as it let in as , that honest , than line this speaks It , it the as make it me Pyrrhus the he : Aeneas' at , author by matter . affectation chiefly cunning I 'Twas tale of begins with arms and in your see — One speech complexion black whose let slaughter so Pyrrhus his lay more heraldry this , night resemble ominous to daughters streets damned and a Roasted murders vile That Bak'd blood is dread , now purpose couched With When Hath With a o'ersized Old eyes And 'Fore With Anon well arm Striking , he at short to command in rage wide fell sword , falls sword , discretion good and it finds . Greeks strikes his his a senseless , hideous milky th'air Did to his some , storm , matter to with , with on ear Pyrrhus' Priam neutral as reverend to Which A declining we painted prisoner So a . see anon the against heavens the The As in winds as vengeance speechless bleeding . you him All power ; Priam round all In Now remorse synod him , than for her of him from her fiends hill the long too him your This low nave to the him Fortune Pyrrhus' wheel , him sword eterne him on . is ? beard , is Hecuba . sleeps . on . queen' rheum , and . A , threat'ning good the that o'erteemed for steep'd venom a flames head robe upon clout bisson th'alarm with would themselves move with Fortune's if When And milch this A About lank and all of tongue treason did make her at gods more well thee speak his passion mortal made turn'd ? chronicles than their the , ill them let time them will their own after bounty your Take have them in . dignity his have bad a have while better report and . have . have in Use you live according and I better is merit Use have , less they hear Dost me friend have , him . after , or thou tomorrow night , you not a study and could lines , Follow lord Guildenstern You good welcome ye lord . him mock . lord my , Ay and look night , God Rosencrantz so and till To O A Ay Is it not and wi' I monstrous b' , a his force in rogue her But That Make Confound That mad The he I What's should Had have And of , guilty the He and the drown , and tears indeed the with ? this me lie my coward dear not unpregnant amaze and eyes , and - dreams whose , liver'd the region it for ere or , it Who ? gives made property most No . my a and breaks : and and villain my to To , Prompted Must - by a of my what son revenge I , With I But the deep 'Swounds As Ha Why That Remorseless should have offal ! and a ! my unpack heaven speak , have tongue no the cunning sitting ! whore ! Fie the by For murder With like A scullion cursing heart at have . the , him May T'assume tent Out of my weakness that his If the and quick devil hath power have my it miraculous most the course . shape to Play Been to uncle something I I'll Wherein I'll relative Abuses More Get from And him so drift days dangerous by this his puts he why He no on . quiet confusion speak means no forward crafty aloof sounded be keeps him cause he harshly does With Grating would find lunacy , receive his Did with much a he of you his forcing but in to confession ? reply that our . told players pastime ? him court of we already the have they him . me Majesties your matter much , as of it . order content . edge . delights to most 'Tis To my To hear hear beseech'd see have , to shall Hamlet , lord further doth may hither , behav'd unseen , judge wish way . again , encounter frankly be gather And And That Hamlet's your wildness obey I the Ophelia shall part beauties his honours may so , walk you to Madam wish it colour . The . harlot's 'Tis Is not my lash cheek hear I him deed to beautied speech ugly more Aside How my burden O true ! painted thing doth that with 'tis too that is a The Than coming Let's O ! or Whether be 'tis ; to sleep that be wish'd of what ay die . we When That to ache and end , mind outrageous sea ? arrows of To a them take slings have in For To Devoutly flesh in the fortune , end we say die natural sleep the come coil may dreams contumely time , takes spurns law's unworthy his office the bear For perchance heir to this off shuffled calamity sleep Must oppressor's The But that To With bare No And traveller patient of dispriz'd pangs The The of himself ? a quietus weary , puzzles those hue pith currents action of ! and now turn their pale make others returns of undiscover'd we cowards native makes fly Is And How does your Than I you ; to long longed have That I pray , thank I you humbly honour my . now I gave receive re - you aught . them yours . well My My And never , I you words things more with Take No , made As lord the Rich Ha My so wax ha ! fair you gifts , your you honest What admit with lordship commerce can paradox force beauty . better your fair honest you made me once believe time from not so our have beauty into . Why wouldst of the relish was ; honest a were that thee it myself , ambitious not deceived loved virtue . it I cannot . be accuse of . your as to imagination but I my mother with , in them in knaves should What arrant believe Where's him , heavens sweet play fool thou . calumny . for farewell as snow enough Or monsters wilt make Farewell . if . go , know , house pure , lord Farewell as the be upon in's doors thou as , ice : paintings and of , heard make Go lisp and you to fool ; escape dowry Be marry . your are are that as eye tongue , already sword state fair the a Th'expectancy The , what of all fashion scholar's mind And Th'observ'd the , The I with form noble observers of , soldier's keep they most o'erthrown most mould of most have of suck'd bells That His affections most ? Nor T'have . his most I danger doubt spake , quick hatch the in melancholy madness most and O not , I see is me , disclose England tribute , to and sits some For This of brains . still settled With Whereon it demand himself his do fashion Sprung and , variable not all queen with beating something the seas matter objects England Of And It You it if To heard show be To I'll plac'd hold neglected from the you mouth shall must find , round be her let , grief wisdom ones pronounced . so not gently not of many I as Nor , it pray you I my tongue . whirlwind , use all split of fellow o'erdoing O for passion it you the the air acquire me very groundlings it avoid to . with nature mirror be both , whose of to playing , scorn hold 'twere image , pressure and not you honour inexplicable for action , your whipped nothing a Herod Herods neither such have would noise Suit observance action too the overdone virtue show so the , judicious body and but the , o'erstep , was time his it of that heard neither having praise of , and grieve make censure , so had , man have , hope reform O off of seen , pagan a we than themselves be though more in in , altogether down . reform'd quantity barren your them spectators be that will them humanity abominably . play that For shows of and hear lord piece this , my King Queen too now to ? Go the Will uses it ? work . Horatio my As my conversation cop'd man haste make and GUILDENSTERN hasten to , Will sweet , ho at just service a from tongue candied follow was pregnant thee clothe no advancement . Dost , mistress fawning men , man in Since do O I soul thee and so Fortune's blessed that all Fortune's thanks . her election him please pipe for that judgement equal one As my That may thrift For thou choice been death , nothing suffers not a are are that will mingled - this heart of of the ay comes much circumstance , King near of very thou thee of uncle in one speech guilt foot act that are as Give rivet our judgements note soul father's see'st mine not a after And I Vulcan's I Observe As is Do And march A are detecting Well They flourish Rosencrantz answer chameleon's our and fares you , Get to faith - have now . th'university I Excellent my Guildenstern did I , Caesar Julius did I enact Brutus . not words ? was . brute I part Ay and capital ready a more by patience . Capitol killed the your upon ; attractive ? lap ho Hamlet dear metal your in lie ! shall you lord my O Lady To the King No Ay you Do That's a I nothing . matters . to legs ? lord , merry lord lord but died be ? two father do man a and , maker jig cheerfully , merry within's I'll not . the two memory build a my two , lord . my have yet Then But suit ? not , year shall for , his neck pours or ! 'For forgotten suffer O he . away and and takes King's in again makes , comes . my means end loth it ; miching Marry , Belike the Queen action seeming What this lament to . woos We is this of ? they'll play means mischief to the you play . tragedy your for naught means Be our to us , and hearing , prologue Here beg , a show . I'll stooping For 'Tis , or the . brief clemency round with moons world Full Neptune's a of . lord my this , love . thirties you from so done state : must quantity , doubts fear made nothing , distrust hath holds extremity there , my love though Yet you is too love Yet , their My little I Yet thou Faith Yet And must operant fears And Yet Where in and shalt rest do Yet so in are to . thou one — love . let second . Wormwood but , of instances The A Are Aside wed second be O Such must husband needs second time thrift , my you oft , now you break , we to slave bed love : base None second Of is but do I the what kisses violent husband what Purpose fruit , think do , determine unripe Most necessary 'tis when but we ourselves what , ourselves to pay to , birth like fall passion doth that passion of they mellow be . on ; left or favourite enemies fortune hitherto poor down doth advanc'd a want in never Directly not shall seasons orderly But contrary , doth love For This The Whether The great And But Sport To Nor thy repose desperation , thy , from cheer my in that me blanks to give nor and , night and prison when no food thoughts ours do their That So earth would and widow hence . dull grow If should me I would now Sweet . hope , it my scope , joy , play . world ? the th' . play play ; Baptista o' touches souls piece call work it , our , Lucianus ; free jade see shall call This murder The majesty , anon . call done gall'd call could I call between interpret call are and You you keen dallying lord , you mistake you faces and It begin Thoughts a to groaning my take would , mixture rank natural Thy hands , Confederate black . Begin and worse doth croaking , better Still . drugs no of , life blasted midnight and , thrice Thou i' murderer with my love lord rises love . All love . lights , The love play strucken hart play love while some love weep let The , runs a cry with and with So must Turk the . light some , the me Half share , players , if roses on , dear reigns pajock and one , dismantled , now O I . Didst . here whole You perceive word . well dost realm might very This I'll ghost's my . recorders perdie , you . history whole vouchsafe , lord Sir Is Good my of marvellous , what . purgation more ; drink in his my to my Good , wildly lord choler to would . perhaps to start me sent . right mother's breed will do hath , some , and not it to You make me your courtesy and not the I . wit's rather my be , answer is if to the or mother you sir say , as . amazement But into and sequel there . any you you ere our her so of this a go ? admiration . hath behaviour wonderful son , that O She shall We , speak at lord , trade she you distemper . love pickers mother friend the your do stealers your himself , a toil do why musty something is grass Denmark ? of You surely bar for to griefs succession , you have the in . be duty wind when to lord the as , is . most discourse . have and the the stops . with it harmony you with touch govern Look . stops my utterance any thing ; you would pluck out not I your ventages these , my and , are of to make be you on ; mystery to , But thumb can a me God there you ; these cannot unworthy me now compass my look ; yet played than it music . excellent , play . will you me and . what fret the of , you indeed and say so and . Leave . like Or a will easily . time of friends , blood mother my the I hell , will the And now not soul heart do could and bitter very world to Would to churchyards When look enter ; be soul my be but , shent consent . never soul daggers of lose on this , Therefore prepare with us it estate shall forthwith our commission he And Hazard so of The Most To many upon live We Out to I To That all The keep those feed strength will That single itself spirit and ourselves provide bodies mind , many religious fear it is majesty draw massy a highest it gulf mount much the but more , doth a the petty of annexment but a general , ruin . Never alone groan he's to going , lord We I'll she'll convey closet . home myself - this upon put fetters now us haste , will My hear And meet process him to , my should was a , mother . lord curse eldest rank , dear I go well liege you what tell can as will : this begin hand cursed look fall , mercy Whereto come as not than enough snow ? twofold to first if where neglect Is I And to But Were To To be in past serve And what's it forestalled My Can true the repentance What and forehead our action ourselves can . evidence is the no nature that O black be ! to it compell'd , with angels and . state ! may new . born the sinews Be soft of heart - heaven , same pat . I might he praying is goes would and be , this and , do he to for send as thought soul horrid passage his then , No hent more or his drunk and and crimes my , his I With the purging , act some his of or may kick about as . goes of relish no , be thy My prolongs but soul that his th'incestuous for a salvation heels may rage , in't my never My thoughts As without up physic sickly advances to home to . go The King rises and remain bear me with round I'll too mother . him , coming Within him been silence him . and screen'd Grace you . you Now , warrant hear . hear hear the hear offended hear hear . how question my answer with a idle wicked . my . rood your husband's not forgot the , those not so and , You Come not may do see wilt of you , Help , What ho ! A now . till then go sit , down inmost ho ! How ducat ducat , not it ducat As ducat I rash a me , what O ducat king mother ducat his a . and and know Is . bloody . sit fool fortune intruding my kill , I me If Leave wring is so thou against farewell down — vows love O . an innocent Such , That that an of forehead such a , plucks body there hypocrite the off the of oaths and act doom the against sick Yea very from The words dicers' blister the solidity and Heaven's Makes religion index the act . on of threaten Mercury : indeed to the like the was grace counterfeit here See Hyperion's on in act what this a on god Here is husband leave mountain you a you ear , feed your at his of - seated An New curls like , front did brother ; judgement the it love blood the day cannot And Blasting Have like this this call this to this motion sense apoplex'd not madness was reserv'd to Nor from you , for some you hoodman . ne'er but quantity What choice at such ; err that age eyes to , thrall'd sure , sense you ? is : devil ? was't , all sans without of not difference ecstacy it But in thou Since the fire hell in virtue be , part of ! one where . mutine canst melt own frost And flaming there O turn'st will As I Hamlet speak . actively itself Over speak no nasty , black live their bed love ; in enter No words O to Hamlet ; a and murderer not , the making tithe the , part vice and his ! it a . of me he's and ! O . of your in laps'd lets chide by ? your ! o'er your gracious What son , blunted thy her strongest , Hamlet and her her but step Conceit to amazement Do Speak almost . not in is do on , discourse peep ? distemper he of flame like soldiers life O Whereon Do , look have what this capable ! colour . conjoin'd an convert me do to . I ? this all is hear ourselves . steals it as even ! but look now out habit goes , did there you nothing how bodiless yours music temperately keep time me - will matter utter'd as from Mother . trespass but your that all to spread past unseen rank Lay will not not the healthful . to Bring the grace soul do good . it . times virtue , twain of worser with not if of to a monster virtue to you other in cleft my heart part , frock or fair yet . a on kind Refrain of be good bles'd . to throw , with well me so and hath heaven and pleas'd this minister good kind answer . fingers damn'd kisses reechy with , you , more good this good am not matter bed again to bid I madness call you pair from , from , from from ape creep from of down from ? on concluded know you , Alack . so and as mandate seal'd me the at own delve them And And They I bear But blow Who When Come Good a , secret draw to . set packing me moon two into line This Mother There's You my , Bestow Mad mightier arras Behind Whips in man apprehension 'A brainish this , the been rapier cries hearing . I does both ' a stir Which his O And , It Should foul was Where ? everyone to threats , whose deed , had ! we bloody , providence of love gone . he is our , kill'd the a mineral very apart Shows itself his life it like would We draw will O sun no We go in Hamlet Both both from must countenance Friends But we The . the let Come And . out . And . the As Whose whisper , poison'd his . air and soul is . shot as come ! name both done them call we'll Gertrude level My they here , Lord . the . dead ! may take the ! that it us ! bear Do , dust it thence ! and mine not made , sponge ! keep what believe believe we ? his believe : he a to Besides son rewards in , the believe a by . believe . it should believe of a believe ape replication soaks officers do up , such corner Ay authorities them , that corner you , sir me for corner King the an . corner last corner the must A body speech understand I , when he , corner to A you I is body Of . King Bring me is not my . thing lord fox ! find th'offender's is and , seem reliev'd desperate . the never like must dangerous sent it is have Yet to strong distracted , him : loose ! eyes even must away are all lord him he to . lord Ho , where's Now At , he us e'en creatures lean to to one your at Alas . is Your supper supper ? is is your fat service end eat that and but else Not politic he king are eats where but eaten variable That's but table all We worms the but ? through the guts progress . fish how place shall yourself you Attendants lobby Go i' some He . him see . Polonius But your if up come . the not . grieve dearly must at , send thyself we you seek tender , the and prepare help hence England thou this ready tend For England , Good . everything wind ; bent . Farewell . and and wife one for Come wife ; man him . aboard tonight with Tempt at Away Delay him not ; I'll is him and seal'd . haste hold'st thou . Pray love on for looks have th'affair everything leans it Follow Since yet , you done speed thereof . imports at , England , rages he , to death thou cure the present For my like By process sovereign And England After As Pays which Hamlet sword thy cicatrice the Do know ne'er . begun Go his his Craves will his his his us , his ; eye . lord ? Poland . you , on softly are They sir , Good of part I . Fortinbras pray frontier name ; The and no patch . farm the with profit , to should , no Poland sir , of main the against it Goes Yes then it will Nor A Will not thousand ducats hath To the inward That is God with b' I breaks debate This Two dies the question of peace , without , wi' go man do ? with not his What my go , me a before lord go . no whether and and . go time is Go little go occasions feed us . after revenge such large us reason go , precisely parts and I And yet do't Examples say quarter'd on — some and sleep unus'd too oblivion That godlike or I charge me , an all to stir in to and ambition and earth hath and tender , my stand , stain'd , great danger straw then , for , graves death fantasy a their the enough trick of fame plot see I be death unsure Rightly without kill'd reason while and , quarrel argument a the stake to greatly Is That hide And sleep , Whereon to for imminent not O from and continent with needs , will be pitied importunate mood Her She I will speaks is would she says indeed enviously the to fit to aim doubt her , move thoughts , heart she beats nothing , them it things , father , thought ; there , in think and words winks make sure with much and sense unshaped up her th' much her Yet botch And Which , Indeed conjectures spoken , their yet ill to jealousy to sin's her Let she Dangerous full spills It toy sick To itself seems beauteous true staff love in How now , How By From sandal another And lady , one . pray you , imports what , a his At He and gone ? dead is , He mark , Ophelia green . but mark the as shroud turf , know what the How dild ! With God are Conceit upon be when may father we of , you this this her . they day Valentine's They say owl , you , have let's you Tomorrow in a be your maid oath and , before promis'd By Quoth would men done me if they wed to are by not come to been patient you shame for fie Charity ; blame to they do't and Young You my ha' hath long . I think be they night Follow her close ladies , O All When from your his , For With not , buzzers his Wherein Will nothing necessity ear O piece Alack Let ? them guard the door . ' ' . cry . dogs they false and , hands . you the in come ? Danish Danes you No , is , thank I I We this king — Sirs . harlot . the me brow Laertes , so . divinity can such go so his of so my cause Do our king , Laertes , so : so so . fill Vows ! so dead came , hell How he Let by by Dead Where is by by , to point I , worlds the damnation grace allegiance and by by for will by My , all stay for shall ? reveng'd be revenge foe friend loser will but To his , them friends Repast - rendering his his , it judgement his as shall day does his am And That Like his am her your father's death his , salt weight seven . eye sister life wits sister ! May Ophelia ! 'tis instance it sister barefac'd , dove a hey sister tear persuade the and as love thing nonny could sister not , rain'd well and my on him sister - thou becomes it Hadst , bier O . nonny ' . a - a thus wits . remembrance matter ; the There's ! rosemary thoughts rue Sundays would and A for nothing's more I . died . say ; O made here's And love . for give favour passion . prettiness hell not come dead come not he And And will to bed snow and affliction will , to never was flaxen was again as his cast . wi' . ye . gone , he his pray O grief apart collateral our but patience to us , you you if content judge shall you To touch'd life To this give , judge obscure ; not , judge soul call kingdom will hand judge all with — bones , judge ostentation to . earth , from in shall the question judge great axe , burial 'twere nor his be you me letters have with go is So I rite , That And are , that say would they them from world . Hamlet the speak sir Let in Sailors I should , sir th'ambassador from shall and't . Reads fellows valour in our I so they thieves like for of , boarded them thou They as that 'Horatio and me of light chase me the grapple King pirate of of their On him , it is Ere we warlike of on . King the . of means turn to am will of He you that of thou that have and haste But Guildenstern ship clear repair words of . Guildenstern Guildenstern way Guildenstern heart seal , friend , a acquittance ear Guildenstern for knowing slain Guildenstern But , nature me , else , feats , Queen The strong by almost are reasons , seem either looks ; stirr'd capital tell these , which , life . not in his soul — much myself but not , Is , his my loud bow lost so ; to timber'd for graces his I The but general might her count love great like Would the that go the , again wind my that father desperate a I into mount my . made sleeps beard be shortly stuff so will will come age . dull ourself to Queen saw I , my ; Who that brought them . He brought ; say Claudio this from , to were my mighty What kingdom . I beg leave shall return the strange to know , all Are ? the you , no and hand ? thing back ' heart . sickness I warms It in , ' How lord me ; me be now in ripe , at his now no shall shall death , it his even for I be rul'd accident will could organ devise it it be . hearing shine pluck , that youth becomes , less for in needful The Did not together Your sum of quality . that siege , since months his of lord and Normandy of on He doing So in That witchcraft seen And the brave forgery of , his , and far what shapes Norman Had I've incorps'd . Come I With Norman he and tricks . did my The masterly , nation . He the . you rapier your report . very I swore could For If He you Did And He 'twould What 'twould If Your That could coming had oppos'd 'twould o'er Sir , neither 'twould Now are 'twould motion , this painting love not I 'twould But you is begun , it by your sorrow you my , this Laertes Or A the know think face A did that see lives qualifies Why And Not that in spark the that a That for as this like within wick are comes To That We there we tongues . But would ? quick , hands are 'should' : than your words you the a are 'would' do , would we . much many delays changes in , Laertes good ; your in church son to like o' back in yourself More indeed , cut Hamlet his in Will in have shall those a in And put on Frenchman do wager generous gave double , shuffling free you heads And Most that I purpose of a sword will do't anoint practice , choose , fine in bring in your a Requite an all draws but Under moon , the scratch'd that thing have rare , means and this death I . save if Collected Where this mortal I'll blood no I'll my mountebank in it point him of If second proof or , Therefore our from withal the , contagion Let's our Weigh to this ! And wager violent , nonce A chalice When a your by now How for I As that So chance the Our One That But down to on maids pendant dead a Of crow flowers willow O sister's drown'd ? where garlands glassy make long name , a an men's grosser sliver call coronet clothes Her incapable a garments , it awhile trophies , her weeping hang like element that that Clamb'ring - chaunted her brook When in Which Drown'd hast And To , then the poor Pull'd As time she of native with from is drown'd forbid ; When are , gone , yet blaze lord Ophelia custom , would ; again rage ! fain it , his calm to this be to thee on is can , sat , offendendo se myself How be tell It . I must if act water drown the himself wittingly , argues else drowned . act For and perform the him will — delver man ; good him own death he , she have their folk There . makers - drown he Was grave spade or hang that not quest should but ancient profession understand none . another put the without ? Scripture I'll ? But ill may to gallows ? I me Ay ? Who gallows the builds Cudgel pace and maker' with no ; Yaughan - beating youth he it mend 'a liquor . Go , not next say his behove love brains thy . more In , contract e'en hath no To O feeling grave Custom so of his me I been had th' ground had age But made hath to skull a As Hath the as one , in if claw'd with it 'twere Cain's , pate God and sing lord , could my . jawbone would politician of , morrow a that , which first now dost not ? a - an breeding . we knocked the had to . chapless revolution more ache a of be to , Mine a pickaxe spade a , think ; my Ay Lady lord . bones cost Here's the to and shrouding is be now , Where sconce battery his of tenures skull shrouding and these - for pit shrouding meet . shrouding him action of his ? shrouding spade sheet his shrouding not knave tell , about the ; made shrouding and , his his inheritor must ? ha , this pair his his , of fine fine his recognizances , and a in be this rude of scarcely and Ay parchment a not will lands more to have , length Is I lie out , it For my part clay on't think , fellow calves sheep lie clay a ; 't clay and be for sir clay be therefore indeed sir For to not to me taken have comes long the equivocation dead she's or peasant hast that of three but - to't maker his by that rest soul but ? but card but , We knave How but all but near i' th' , long grave I year How Hamlet that , was Hamlet you tell , born mad not great ; Very no it's he Why How him was shall there ? there he strangely seen in came , How with losing mad Faith here man year trade is last you nine he as — i' here man and , th'earth ere we will your whoreson think you that sore . will than more another skull it was it fellow's a him Nay sir skull A a Rhenish skull on flagon of the . was - three for infinite jest Alas King's knew most fancy that my hath He , those table was Yorick's pour'd My my , to Not ? know not flashes , chamber oft one lady's Horatio What's that tell me thing — Prithee ? my fashion let were your now wont . it at . a Takes . see borne your it is fellow songs on I me now Alexander think Dost ? find not ? trace hole ! Pah . Alexander consider curiously to not likelihood , dust to of Alexander 'Twere jot But ; converted ? died not we was bung - it stopping Why , he to follow the hole stop Might O loam ; and why Should ; patch that stop Caesar a loam whereto - was wind world , King ! Trains flaw , thither as into it ; beer thus Imperious But The Fordo Mourners Queen following the such own Couch , What That The with they is Laertes awhile very ? else . Her obsequies great ground For the prayers , the and she trumpet death was doubtful far her should charitable thrown done . bringing rites dead her to rest service more i' Lay her th'earth and thee the virgin ? of souls such burial - be more be . sweet - times ingenious , Farewell wife maid , more thy on cursed a mine and the To pile this Now Depriv'd wicked Whose Till . Hold her have What Hamlet Olympus an Bears such - pray'st take ? he wounded is , Pluck thy I Hamlet Gentlemen Which Good , I my my son . theme thousand what theme wilt for love forty will no this . upon longer quantity eyelids O lov'd , not up Could . my sum What he show with thou Millions Be . For love God thou with quick outface do't up Dost me buried I'll ? me of him ? whine ? throw , on work madness as as is the well the , will so and wart patient sit him are , Hear His that reason that ? no , mouth thou'lt an , is it thus . upon , he the matter set monument your present watch see . son speech ; push proceeding other over much And prais'd Sir When That cabin my is - to Up them that serves certain in the me ; fine dark about them , own sea divinity hew - Grop'd I their fears Importing bugs such in of command Horatio , the England's Denmark's health ! to , goblins of bated , unseal , and and where several and exact found , and and villanies my thus Or and and Here's benetted make the begun I and But Being had commission , wrote our lord my . An A baseness forget It How As peace between England was still effect that to yeoman's The did to good I from her their or to , sudden more 'as'es garland amities . these , flourish might , wear was that my even Which gave't up of th'impression , plac'd this and know this Why know'st . already what Now known . go this . this : this insinuation ; grow nature this . employment sequent it of the other safely next incensed ! me this my kill'd it Does , his not hath thinks't , Popp'd And cozenage — is't my stand hopes life conscience — comes . is opposites king Of mighty , th'election of our not for angle let Why what that Thrown known further to , be mother my of shortly a For It quit But And It must man's The his . The forgot my of a tow'ring his I image bravery Peace right the That But Your lordship , good know this . 'tis ; dirt a be a but . vice a 'tis my to of chough possession at his . leisure of you is let ; fertile gracious ; your lord will from lord ; for diligence right and to all I me It indifferent lordship very , sultry my lord it his hot 'twere you to as — is the cannot has — matter is here I gentleman . full most , Indeed . of ; Sir , calendar showing or a part and , me very of , you mine me head , remember — that see sail great his the for gentleman and in and him true th'arithmetic of him memory of trace . But , umbrage infallibly soul would else as respect inventorially rareness to The , Your who , neither extolment speak find definement yaw divide dearth his is lordship and mirror such ? You him . rawer more , sir ? breath Why we What to understand is purse , I you sir ? would not is ; well , him are Of sir me of , you did — by him , imputation . laid . him on with compare were I Laertes excellence ? horses well But . two What's Rapier his with it , very so French Barbary he's but ; his his weapon for , That's the , hilts the . carriages most had we till carriages you , The has are . The responsive and hangers liberal you ere ? carriages . the ? him , three you for vouchsafe nine if your on twelve . to not , sir would you this all against more be then . But on bet you ? it . and the in Majesty , if hits odd my , re breathing , I what you nature your e'en flourish ; Let , in day my mean , here the the the but purpose with walk of King I and the his . yours lordship deliver shame head he only — encounter age there shell no duty my Yours to . to . but suck'd and carries away well does did suck'd He suck'd his dug runs lapwing suck'd the commended him young . suck'd their ; dotes Thus has on suck'd kind — to know if his If be so I able gentle . time Queen is ready and as now Now that or Laertes they or coming all . lord , thou but will well use you Queen think shall my . I practice not before . here You foolery all's but mind If dislike do I France lord it But wouldst is matter no of such perhaps , of Since Come it it whit your . me yet aught Hamlet , yet your come it come yet special if come not yet leaves and take a have I How yet am knows But Give If yet if ; no yet , awake might This Hamlet from ? the of does not proclaim honour , wrong'd your I be Never was , needs gentleman I and you Hamlet Hamlet does it then here done and exception . denies . does ta'en poor my brother a is And I Whose aloof will . arrow your far in , house shot this o'er evil audience faction that madness , so motive revenge some a receive keep I my I To do will ungor'd by stand this case my terms of honour time , frankly come me , me , hand . Osric young , this Your a Stick shall like skill be Come Laertes your foil , i' indeed I'll the Give them You mock No by odds weaker . wager . Cousin you know o' seen both odds length ? heavy better'd of first good . well in the me likes since he fear we have me . is is This union worn in King The In Set And me Hamlet quit all that an Hamlet's ordnance , stoups of which crown than the . to kettle have King the And let to , Come on drinks the the the cannoneer Give , earth begin Hamlet . ' a One Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Come , Hamlet thine ; by it cup Well . bout hit ; say awhile is thy napkin ; breath rub , what win I do fortune drink . late too pardon ; cup ; brows , of . thy take , The I not , Queen , Come , lord let dare I Aside the poison'd It is , My , pass you you the for Nothing Hamlet on . Come make with a rapiers . They ; Laertes , now . scuffling , in the . is ! they are ho ! the , swoons I ! the Ho Seek it bleed drink am poison'd I : O . slain good an door . life ; be ! my Hamlet ! lock'd do in , more treacherous is not , Thy , too thy . lie blame . hurt but , to ! poison'd I here King's and ! treason to envenom'd Dane ? LORDS friends Treason OSRIC , potion yet It forgiveness make thee Horatio pale look death , thee , by himself not me it of tremble sergeant tell , chance adieu as — Horatio unsatisfied . a left it this , Queen , this O Roman Dane have't am . I . I'll liquor name wounded a what , Heaven , felicity conquest of come , pain me heart . thy in me thy my and silence Good . angels heart . And flights Why of If this occurrents the solicited , him Which of does This woe on is Where to ? thee your you cease see ? thine wonder in late hearing . us you search . princes struck ? a you eternal O , feast quarry That you And are To you you our ears affairs from England him Where Are put on , carnal a bloody and this mistook slaughters unnatural forc'd can So unknowing world , deliver cunning , acts casual and All shall Truly us haste to to , purposes , kingdom memory , me . fortune I . doth speak , more more errors are voice mischance . it this embrace the hear vantage in invite , on . on lest presently wild captains stage this war . soldiers but bid here for ; had . royally most he For this let while men's On Bear soldiers' a Hamlet prov'd Speak music shoot . ordnance as much amiss editions To the , the protected States United off which copyright distribute copyright by Use part by will is of old S in copyright United , U . the these of following Gutenberg royalties license . given any nearly United . by Gutenberg derivative may works Gutenberg license with States printed performances away not protected Gutenberg for research Gutenberg Gutenberg is very Project Gutenberg purpose do If . complying and the eBook of . copyright distribution or protect , To electronic other you Gutenberg . General . org with mission Redistribution associated License of Gutenberg Section . electronic to comply available Use electronic terms agreement you , A and trademark copyright of all Project indicate all this Terms using with this file or the at Gutenberg agree to Gutenberg Project of part license . license this and this , intellectual Project or by cease you have read a must of you , fee this accept destroy possession If electronic you the do with There help and below . B . Project paid copies of a of whom to you the by entity Project terms things paragraph Foundation of Project the works PGLAF electronic States in If . right a an to States C complying terms a full most things of terms are can you claim displaying references that United or C agreement . you to associated Gutenberg Project terms with by Project D same with in works free electronic with of its share laws agreement the you this change laws copyright terms by of full where you terms others you addition to laws Copyright keeping work United of , in displaying this Foundation based work . this . are the work If . copyright derivative work status The outside most countries , when can You easily copying . attached this charge place . of the copying the on your of state constant agreement in . you copying what . a other or before can copying do with , other you The . E representations prominently . which the performed copying world use at the copied of copying is cost away with accessed and or it anywhere or copying distributed use it States most , displayed with which other or work appear must work : United almost - eBook or . is electronic If with included before using to this appears Gutenberg Project full the Project Project in no , for Project Gutenberg gutenberg , the located the E from texts . where If not holder United redistributing Gutenberg with notice indicating can be . S posted and with . the and . in Project you not laws the check anyone of law Gutenberg copyright distributed with or work paragraphs appearing paying work on Project Gutenberg or E and distribution full found E , the If are the . E . use forth set as permission the with or of the an of . with comply be linked imposed permission not with any any files Project or . terms . the . E use your electronic posted is work the for all the with this the , E any or Gutenberg may up the or nonproprietary and to . of hypertext form format Gutenberg work the the Project . binary the website or fee , distribute . terms . work of without distribute of the , form in you in provide a or original include a official format Plain . displaying cost format paragraph , the works . electronic to in of of work Project E E Gutenberg access distributing Project charge or to You you . the user , a or Gutenberg form upon not Vanilla Project performing You you already within days Literary of calculate gross . you and which returns Foundation to under this paragraph but he Project be Royalty payments the fee for fee that the applicable taxes profits Gutenberg to owner a pay to to agreed required Gutenberg full a , or writing provide should be each your donations Archive of Literary Archive Literary by to require all and of provide in You agree works must about at Foundation . address as such to money marked a by the Project receipt medium copies . a physical of paragraph and of discovered replacement reported receipt set any all . not the terms a a defect the of Gutenberg discontinue all and to return or accordance a for , paid is with works work all of this of days free Project distribute the set , or works you , agreement to group this work wish other on the you . If charge obtain Foundation expend creating may , virus computer but , a cannot , and protected not electronic works F these works forth copyright S medium as collection Defects these . Literary . these Gutenberg identify to these , by property , data , not these read or a transcription errors DISCLAIMER Foundation other party expenses a these Except , F the equipment - damage Right work within money the RIGHT for YOU any received , you medium The a replacement return . medium you electronically , you If a sending it days if person physical to work explanation refund of the receiving by from it for work must , a in copy paid you entity opportunity . warranties . F paragraph the exclusion states . or or not replacement refund IS' , of agreement or , agreement in maximum this , the - or set shall hold , works disclaimer implied WITH types void anyone the with in the or Foundation Project or : costs and modification , of the The of liability occur indirectly the invalidity any of of Gutenberg or expenses from distribution the Project harmless you the . of aged hundreds middle formats obsolete computers exists additions deletions to any cause distribution Gutenberg's Project created come provide and widest and volunteers life with variety of . collection In Project computers Project Mission with about of all support Foundation was Gutenberg will . profit . see future , It . volunteers walks the Gutenberg Project donations gutenberg help at Foundation or the Foundation , Literary secure org and Gutenberg www the federal exempt the non of Plaza and Watchung laws extent full and tax Email . Literary state's tax . deductible the the Foundation's the at . tax org Project gutenberg the Gutenberg tax mission tax be - office to status Gutenberg links . tax that the donations contact of Archive widest small its widespread by Many . readable domain to Donations at located your Archive accessible works Archive of and keep Archive locations Archive the it meet many and requirements committed to all exempt laws To Archive particular in and to donate solicit gutenberg of org . states . requirements , donations accepting we DONATIONS against International concerning tax S laws with treatment . are us status www do from solicit fees are not have considerable , with effort have the solicitation confirmation of of donate donors of accepted and www online Information . pages for a card the Project was Hart visit are web alone swamp such no our originator About distributed freely Gutenberg with of concept and Gutenberg eBooks are often , Project U keep necessarily all of a eBooks . are in eBooks confirmed created years works he could Project that be several a gutenberg : unless Most Professor people how to help email our to make : copyright our includes information Archive to our new about new Project including Foundation how which . Project eBooks Literary eBooks , Gutenberg search