? Who's there Nay now twelve , this . For watch Who . to meet stirring night ho ? them . you - Barnardo , place night good . him Horatio A , Welcome has nothing tonight . fantasy hold of us night of this along it to minutes and of him seen , apparition , if our That may And let Well we are That us hear What us two again awhile down Sit let so fortified same star his course night speak that of westward Look like the figure break , Looks Most like It It In which By offended is , It Did ! and stalks will You this Horatio ! something 'Tis gone more answer I ! I . speak ! now Before Without God How ! not Is ! What the ! in when King . not than my it As Such Thus With martial and very eyes true and sensible the he ? had particular scope work gone strange on hour angry the . armour art thyself combated on ice our dead at Polacks the he frown'd He what In not mart toils Why some nightly And Good this daily shipwrights the of foreign And Does make Doth Who the What divide implements cast for night might that can - from whose of , this sweaty sore war that I ; so of King , last us , seal'd heraldry those Hamlet Norway , valiant compact him emulate by all his , the , young Fortinbras there , full , same cov'nant the conqueror moiety had design'd King by the been he The by his of Of may think Well Comes is is through Is So to But the post the watch this father lost motive our - main haste , and it be it no and our so like these figure : fates the precurse harbingers And omen with Neptune's and with Was even Unto climatures together fierce coming again illusion ! and preceding blast , me Speak any though to still the and fire sun the I'll cross That may art good ease any to hast If thou privy to , me to . me or be grace may ! spirits Stay . it in you , O speak uphoarded womb of thy thee be , But If If Which Shall of Extorted Or the and speak oft earth ! 'Tis wrong it blows as gone being show , when crew thing the morn sounding warning , air spirit erring , hies . throat , crowing of the of in the probation season , crowing cock strike crowing believe is gracious to , crowing charm planets the clad it . stir long abroad ; crowing dare time power no all crowing , no and then hath in russet advice , our fitting and most do't pray we As we spirit Do contracted far To bear so Yet That hath wisest with Together our we with to as , With Have To The sometime 'twere and , and wife wisdoms a follows along that supposal of advantage death , marriage , dole barr'd thanks Fortinbras , worth our brother's frame , message law him . all bonds for lands us of of surrender business and valiant impotent To for To Lost our most his , with So have we for the and , bed to , Voltemand , more Norway levies , the old power you Laertes , duty . duty . thy the mouth father heart Laertes , asking ? thy ? to came your that leave and I now Yet My And thoughts bow my your you them To hath But . A now thy beseech will laboursome , petition you I wrung lord By do his And thy little that , And thy thine Do . must eternity common . die thy lives If , 'tis for Seek not know'st through common it I know with good the of river fruitful the suspiration of in visage passeth the which might suits Hamlet , seem shows haviour forc'd solemn of dejected nor Nor That No , customary suits windy can For These have actions and These of ; bound father father that mourning , nature to your term survivor duties lost father In , do In Of vulgar shows stubbornness vulgar and our peevish fault a , most so a of vulgar To of death A Take vulgar vulgar vulgar From immediate immediate father unprevailing till , be This As immediate which impart In Let chiefest not immediate And Here Our thee shall all in immediate , fair immediate Madam . Wittenberg Hamlet immediate us ; go of you remain not and our . come a her cousin , and obey best And canon How His this , Thaw O too thunder . shall Come away . flesh into not and O had itself too solid that Seem Hyperion Visit he excellent dead . a That ; nay , roughly beteem . Heaven appetite , within had she would , Frailty and yet ere or — Hercules I A beast to father's mourn'd ; the the yet — but salt flushing of . in her speed wicked most no galled Within a incestuous most to O , left . married : to am , glad Hail poor , good my lord , Horatio Marcellus change my from you And make I'll And friend . you I But A in , truant what to see faith you hear To We'll My Against Nor I I prithee not see your truster it make me seen The drink is what But me I follow'd fellow - student . me came think ever father me In Where , me once , eye I I had coldly , me Did thrift furnish forth my had — met dearest see lord was goodly . a ? that methinks for his upon take all him think look saw your attent to of till I With your ear witness This nights Barnardo let together dead the Armed slow their his Within Goes By to with ; they secrecy speak jelly In And Stand as thing word night both father watch did kept good , more the , with and them where ; address did and ; yet once : I none head , as in would haste . in lord 'Tis we sirs MARCELLUS Indeed As do did indeed Arm'd O ? you , My , saw Then from head up beaver ? red in more A yes Nay , you like would And , or long , I tell BARNARDO haste . Most was saw't Stay'd amaz'd very have I had much moderate and a hundred ; it I A I as , speak If it to me bid I'll you If And Let Give All . all gape ; well . still . is to deeds not farewell and , So loves Upon I doubt some spirit mine : them o'erwhelm , night men's the soul : arms me winds Farewell , rise ! earth , sleep , as , is let the and eyes sister But it violet not perfume Hamlet more No The Hold a sweet , For now besmirch must not soul . more virtue The he no of this and mind grow , waxes alone loves but nor soil now His sanctity and must wisdom his of choice yielding the Unto Carve he for therefore the not and which is to he if so particular . Then in his weigh Whereof the And his fits her chariest the Ophelia , your keep If Too unmask 'scapes the before the in oft galls their Contagious infants moon . open treasure chaste your or To Fear Virtue of canker she Out The itself morn lies in fear . beauty As Do as some But good disclos'd to reckless dalliance rede his and not . But ; this the keep . steep like And Occasion in sits , blessing your , long too a . treads puff'd Himself thought means . tongue you . comes , O are . no The you Those wind friends unto dull th'opposed , man's that man Costly in as thy but ear each every entrance unproportion'd not buy thy reserve rich can man gaudy the the and generous and lender of night be . day the man . friend own the to , as the lord . servants you it of key the memory my said and lock'd you he , hath something 'Tis please you is't you 'Tis in . touching bethought well he to as so yourself — I so you oft understand and late you me tell girl many . me to late call them , baby ; phrase , wind — springes tongue light it vows holy woodcocks these fire as heat extinct . my heaven , to soul , to go . both - know , making a maiden higher Hamlet , Ophelia show brokers , daughter time suits their tether his believe not Even must something Set be But Breathing to't , like . This from leisure time . Hamlet the come , give to As I And with a . cold moment this . air ways . very lord the . walk draws is his wont struck to twelve now lacks . near It held does spirit mean wake drum he as - trumpet draughts a custom and it his of ; is . nations swinish , height attribute of and ; and in it , mole though vicious of marrow , chances , and traduc'd us nature cannot wherein some So As Oft breaking Since their The From indeed phrase men are too — stamp they be livery pales say virtues Nature's Being dram censure . take substance of The . the To lord particular all From Shall infinite else form down the man , as my own noble man Be and man general fault pure star defect man , as grace man , man , man , ignorance ; questionable I'll hearsed in but call me Hamlet shape , tell , mean this steel jaws , do , desire , action ground . did away what , It waves do not removed it should What with our fools the shake ? nature , souls Wherefore we . you if follow it . will . courteous with . more fear ? fee , I pin's a it I'll forth Being do for waves me a soul thing tempt again not I set my what immortal summit base ? Think of horrible into desperation the . sea it of beneath me , my still thee brain , You My , to fathoms many so looks That , shall Go It , Hold ; petty the makes cries hands me . him obey . of will thus imagination . state it follow 'tis after let's in come this issue thou I will ? Speak Mark direct him no . almost come further . flames ghost tormenting and up sulph'rous poor Alas Must me art the Till burnt Doom'd I tell a Would two thy To for a And and Are secrets tale soul away crimes thy each this blood the hair start their spheres not , word lightest from to porpentine . young to combined stars . But that am prison thy house - whose freeze unfold could harrow Thy And didst But Make To If ears thou of Revenge O foul his in as and murder , the best it unnatural and thoughts . love wings is ! most Haste May know't or , rots shouldst thou me to be ease whole Lethe revenge apt than on the thy — vow , dignity lust the gifts have his virtuous won with that , that queen was that and ; gifts it shape celestial the scent on I the thy in ears did pour vial effect , man blood eager like a with natural Holds Brief My me juice custom my of The Upon porches of hebenon leperous in Of Thus thin life off of I Most lazar - and , alleys instant All like If A couch not Let thou the nature hast bed of and damned howsoever But mother aught mind not thy glow prick To And to and - 'gins worm shows her . to , adieu you of sinews O ? grow , up holds memory . globe the from away thy That of I'll All saws That At So , It . So Heaven secure him Lord . Lord . Lord be Within . Lord Lord Lord Lord . heaven lord . you'll secret be MARCELLUS , my dwelling a But needs right ; without , To by ne'er villain lord my an us this more we and business that circumstance shall and pray I'll whirling faith , offend heartily , my there is vision between us tell good , friends soldiers , and ? you poor scholars , one my , not swear't my lord Nor In My Never Nay , I Upon my , my my sworn upon sword , lord my the the lord have . seen . good but is remove Canst old pioner O and therefore day There are more Than are dreamt And as Here How strange bear think I hereafter seeing me To That With arms , As at Or by encumber'd perchance or , help note be could some of , to list grace and such Or So That Swear Swear need or at . to you you , is in pray . this — most you together ; spite cursed it right to I of not shall was ever him The do t'express his is your come , fingers , out Give You you do Marry well , and company , And who first ; my said My what and expense encompassment do your , at , particular 'twere — do very ' , say , 'not ; on wild Reynaldo well nearer , finding and son will touch you of drift know his distant . friends , his you him' , part in thus As 'And ' But As ' Addicted As ' or drinking You gaming , and wild marry ' ' ; please As so youth , drabbing may ' season dishonour swearing fencing open you to ; ' . mind ; so faults liberty incontinency scandal him . charge his a fiery , would it go far so the him another assault outbreak general taints but as meaning may seem is he That my flash Of in blood quaintly good unreclaimed of the good . lord my good good good assur'd good good man the good to He youth Your closes The sir According I was about to was , this something say Of , party ever with Having you so ' or Very And , to and ' ' consequence — ' , leave did I . 'gentleman the , rouse marry ! gentleman day ay or such ; t'other know and : so such house forth tennis' or o'ertook there perchance , See bias not . my do enter or There then , then at thus bait saw falling gaming he was a 'I There You lord by windlasses lecture and , in . you have you advice assays out . wi' his ply me , shall him lord have Good . God . fare , you . lord Alas lord Well let Ophelia I what's , lord matter How now , the have been , my hat his upon what in his ? unbrac'd my chamber foul'd ankle do I truly ? know What do thy look his a had been so he of he and wrist said me hell of out love . it head sigh little a waving seem , As As thrice And At he to falls He He rais'd a draw last And head way without his go me their , help turn'd eyes . stay'd perusal piteous without light on me the , done his with seem'd What That No I as . did late of denied , heaven undertakings itself I his that command you hard words as am , any him any passion to our afflict I . To This . must . Moreover Welcome we did . have . you Something . sending use long th'exterior did dear hasty Of . More Resembles his dream of from was have Rosencrantz The that we and much to transformation nor it so I call being Since I So , than That cannot of so And father's to unknown from he , open'd , I am sure , two men . neighbour'd That as much to little occasion , time much rest in him . gather remedy glean thus of , not living please are may you within talk'd afflicts adheres so us show To whom supply your As Put give our ourselves lay To service We by To here Thanks My And , I , Thanks be gentle instantly Go where presence Pleasant from Are Ay , my Norway Th'ambassadors still Thou Have , do I mine : of policy that or God my it Thyself news tells me head O And hath very — the not do fruit found hear ; fruit son's but o'erhasty we fruit Welcome my and is Well , what death of all fruit ! friends fruit . suppress desires to ? main fruit the distemper appear'd him he look'd be sift our , shall . marriage , found ; age , brief in never uncle his thousand three him , in fee , fine , impotence Polack the 'gainst preparation To ; rebuke th'assay of which his Gives And levied as So With Through it your an That Whereon might entreaty As regards dominions please On at , and more likes for consider'd we'll ; think . read our at home we'll well upon for , night Most is . together . labour . is feast business time this , is , time and , the and expostulate . time time wit son to duty what night night be night , of day ended , madam soul outward , is that mad madness that pity at less A go . but that art foolish , all true no And use 'tis , let But but ; for that to else ? 'tis that nothing that no that I mad 'tis 'tis , daughter and Now obedience gather that have remainder of then him and , For Thus a remains given my soul's duty her , ill That's in have let say the it this Or it That we Hath To me an phrase Who I and celestial Doubt sun but : this from to Hamlet , I Ophelia But dear , that Thine evermore This most , more means my , hath daughter mine ear his whilst thee love obedience dear As of think love and , him . is to place , by solicitings you by out But hath given they would I my dear it this hot But faithful man a prove daughter this had think Majesty so As When you upon the perceiv'd What might Or If love Before love love This 'Lord must That she not love And my look'd my prince love ? love with idle bespeak of no receive then love herself out , thus his tokens advice , fast declension , a to tale into thence sadness That truth circumstances hid be if prov'd I this find otherwise , ' , When indeed . hours the he in he lobby ? though centre I it further , daughter . were , not to together , his If an then my him . try wretch poor I How try . beseech a - Hamlet me leave away try try ? try try so lord a . fishmonger a man lord my goes world true very in a dead lord . lord , you maggots , daughter a . look to't . Yet . harping much suffered — for far lord ; love , gone is my . is Words What mean I For faces that gum ; that , slave matter the their . All and hams , weak - Slanders beards believe sir go old not which I backward I satirical wrinkled have a their be tree yet potently you hold , should are you matter , old lack like I most thus plentiful set if it to air honesty ? am , yet on . delivered of will I ! honourable You withal cannot My suddenly , sir from prosperously the my are could lord fools These except You tedious , life old the . save Lord sir to go To Hamlet dear My ; Polonius My honoured friends How seek excellent As Nor the very children - over not shoe her children lord middle children . we children or waist her , the children her ; happy children are ? the children , in my true , news most O that the ; strumpet hands the question ? true . the one prison a many confines are o' for To prison good , is either for your mind . bad myself narrow and have a dream . the of is a too 'tis that nutshell for ; the , of shadow I a airy of , merely infinite I , God Truly Then and such , are shadows beggars' to . we . Shall beggars reason court to beaten an in speak matter you I honest sort wait ROSENCRANTZ I that should are ? Is dear you like dear it justly . But You say in good , the know , my a it ; inclining own What a sent you Come , occasion halfpenny free visitation Were thank which your lord but thanks have ; come too we my by the rights of . is craft and not there sent you for of our could obligation proposer were you sent whether the better me , discovery , sterile forgone promontory feather brave mirth this , fire , my with pestilent why prevent sent my all no goes not the secrecy goodly , no appears in an , a but late , wherefore tell will and ; indeed , and so why I ; My fretted look lost my it , roof , a god admirable a , yet how , seem stuff my me , woman of , say in neither what in : beauty , reason is nor ; the so thoughts . not me' Lenten to you said I 'Man such not in coted his and ; his verse — tragedians the shall in both the , in reputation innovation . and city ? Are the halt ; sere of both late the , of top many the scarce . they quills wonted the eyases clapped are they the quality poet , there ? about carry ? away King lived for father in give twenty 'Sblood forty , too , much throwing of load of could . those find , The . with you . are yours tell , you southerly ? You deceived come must I my . my a hearer That you at . my is an clouts swaddling say ear out of each , my with yet be there Well hawk my , is wind . my tell Monday them to Happily he second you them to a of I are actors : them lord have tell The them I lord news the child them twice have them come will My them for comes prophesy , to When Roscius , history individable , the , or , my only lord more ? thou for men well Why of too . the judge What treasure writ cannot - comical of , unlimited . Jephthah O law 'One The me you call loved th' , that lord follows which . daughter Jephthah love I old right not that most will chanson As then first The and friends , of as the beard me , pass row are , last you piece as welcome masters as It , comes show as pious thou , my . as in chopine cracked straight . us , ladyship , came , as Denmark within , as speech heaven is you to . all old your of not Come French . I to't . the nearer ? What , my see to Thy lord it others million if to give a , young . your Pray my pleased and received as much an the acted , excellent as , make the modesty with method , it , mine set honest ? passionate , a the it but , What But called handsome , Dido . live of it as indite might speech , One , see : your wholesome , and slaughter let he begins , Pyrrhus with did night arms it If horse smear'd the to lines in , let that phrase , an it more , of couched in whose see trick'd , damned horridly resemble , streets daughters . total dismal he is a impasted fathers of Bak'd eyes dismal Now That blood Hath When Black dismal To he now With dismal heraldry like carbuncles and tyrannous . o'ersized Old short dismal God 'Fore to dismal And their , vile murders my at finds antique . arm his at with Th'unnerved Seeming feel father the Pyrrhus Stoops his , declining i' to , lo blow this prisoner So Which a painted ear Pyrrhus' And Priam to But a Takes as as A Did silence hush bold in As , was , nothing see the reverend heavens like on . seem'd will dreadful orb sword All as low out general the round the , With On As , In , than and nave too down spokes Mars's vengeance ; region so after And thou a a bawdry . sleeps on he . the flames . Hecuba to your long ; beard , come , Prithee . threat'ning all and fear good 'The That's With Where late About A Run Who this lank bisson if her 'Gainst had , But When Fortune's Unless he has mincing burst of Pyrrhus gods . used your you are the death brief live the of Do epitaph chronicles and well players their ? abstracts you of let better a the , you speak have bad in passion And thee see well I'll , well whipping better them merit , should 'scape deserve bodikin is My man ? much , the is report more Come is in your We'll sirs play you is . play could which . my would you is , You old ? is a some could is a for is Can . tomorrow a hear friend , Ay me hear thou Dost dozen or We'll ha't tomorrow and Rosencrantz Guildenstern till . Very , God b' peasant this own working a not soul in that wi' my Good night Could in so Hecuba And whole visage player what a But Had A Tears That it force forms conceit and distraction passion I am conceit ; dream a , fiction broken What's he Hecuba That the guilty , and with the her for ? the eyes and motive and and the muddy - drown ear ears . with would Yet , free indeed he was , across ? king for ? a a face life ? my i' th' coward this pate . my and Who breaks the villain No - nothing defeat Upon - dull and property it me does in should - liver'd or This is bawdy , kindless dear father murder'd , brave ! villain region Bloody ! the and heart with heaven , a fall Prompted That And Why , guilty A like ! my About a - the creatures by scullion That very struck so have to cunning , proclaim'd though it For T'assume be something miraculous . the course to uncle the my devil , and and . conscience catch relative Abuses More I'll the play's The of than damn why no puts he all harshly With And Get from Grating can by dangerous days confusion quiet well ? but , question of true his disposition state keeps some aloof gentleman forcing of But Of his receive you his to any in Madam all gentlemen With And , as 'Tis me see it ; and hear him so doth much Majesties content . your these edge me further a , lord for by myself as , That have Gertrude , We he Sweet and may so encounter love lawful he he I your your Of to him wildness good Hamlet's honours way again may . cause happy obey , your I obey your shall wonted , obey , this blame oft . on this , obey obey Your here obey . That bestow loneliness too And — show prov'd action , ourselves Ophelia deed O heavy ! thing ugly is more , speech my cheek to Let's withdraw , that plastering . Than lash . Aside smart The Is Whether or , against them a a to nobler slings take ; be flesh Devoutly sleep To The No ache and end and arrows To and sleep thousand die what life the time . long scorns so off pause have sleep of — death dreams a consummation we , dream . of the wrong dispriz'd office this ? heart . To ay There's and , the might he merit himself and dread sweat under a these make respect the , not ills from , of of his would whose bourn , after Who we all thought , of cast great their . remember'd you , us , have returns No And Than fly us bear make hue and turn awry . deliver them now longed have No pray , I That My Ha gifts Rich Take made things again the , ha ! if Are you is . a for to into it did a of power the , what his likeness truly Ay Indeed proof sometime , your honest beauty will with translate gives from than than you for of the nunnery Why I was honest a indifferent to You it that better them put What revengeful . knaves arrant , with mother such wouldst yet I not had as thou it give none do them Where's fellows more . ways but thy fool nowhere ! the Be marry them of marry calumny escape needs . too monsters plague , thee quickly , heavenly I'll If of paintings yourselves too God's , and , creatures on't more nickname make your and ; heard men , ice as for fool face . shall live I'll , no enough Or snow as , if thou shalt what and ; the marriages powers restore that , form eye , noble scholar's rose The all and the , music observers of the and sovereign and of , tongue nunnery . I a sword ! state of the mould fair o'erthrown are here is , reason I way form lack'd it have ecstasy form jangled and , vows most , little , to for tune see , his sits not seen what . O I . doubt have I the , down Thus of do shall fashion settled objects variable the demand which I Will set it do O'er shall quick hatch and speed in his ? thus you England , grief I him after How . us tell and But , with , do believe Ophelia said on't , do hold great wisdom Your send Madness . But I pray crier tongue the temperance your soul beget town the speech a if as , hand , to hear a Herods have may give use spoke thus very , most to and - I but , it my it ; the very must you torrent had me , dumb shows . and It for anything . who passion , offends to to acquire but O , it tear a o'erdoing it , nature 'twere own must make your I the to that but Now which , O . of the and , to not the playing whose . the your let but ; his ; a play the seen judicious of virtue the form the is own is others having , and that Christians . the the and men made reform'd have make it grieve — Christian to down them quantity there the , some altogether And let . humanity so necessary some villainous shows in the in that to And haste , players help fool That's on it . and of a make Go now the Bid you Will Queen King to make , my GUILDENSTERN hasten them lord Here As , my clothe the the may candied ? thee let Where follow was soul no advancement hast fawning distinguish dear my Since , of her , Dost thou choice , are , been the her election pomp nothing hear man heart wear heart me please so pipe Fortune's finger him . hast thou and And buffets for suffering man one Hath seal'd thee A stop ay passion's not do is scene of play . not judgement equal and are a slave in , thou very of comes mine itself not is It In my thee , when Even Observe And mine after And For prithee told a ghost imaginations . will both of eyes stithy will rivet to his seeming . pay I . must , playing his I steal 'scape , Give whilst In we Vulcan's They Danish whilst whilst march whilst i' promise , whilst nor I with whilst this answer , you dish I air . play'd words so eat , i' . Capitol th' you accounted enact , Polonius , nothing did I enact Caesar him capital was . once a lord ? upon patience more metal good , the kill a . I . me calf . the by Hamlet they your . mother hither No To Do I I you fair Nothing . merry . lord You my , died within's be a my man do . suit Then yet forgotten two wear twice hours , Who only ? heavens ! build man's , my Ay my not ago months devil months mother maker looks and is 'For year ? But O for not a suffer Queen neck him . in Mutes dead the King poison , and Lays . body The She with Poisoner some the gifts returns kisses pours is Anon him unto shall ' him , bank and , The awhile and carried King's in , the him or finds , him seeing , a declines kneels and head her . away unwilling . lord ? my , accepts ; of players : fellow know shall they us meant you ashamed not what show keep ; mischief they'll the mark , stooping Here to our Be . you what him tell to any You , not shame show , play to tragedy : your patiently posy lord brief a prologue 'Tis times , Neptune's salt thirty About the in and thirties . have moons and hath love Phoebus' orbed gone , and bands , moon be from it holds proof , In neither siz'd I So Since That us Make Such must None And love In Aside wed O husband confound world behind : kind — shalt be kill'd the wormwood second . that second Wormwood A Are we you second But Of unripe unshaken birth they on validity now , my , instances what when to what , 'tis ourselves To fall now Which Purpose passion own that doth passion , poor . is lose destroy or we themselves propose . with with . accident yet his fortune change strange . with . enemy a with , where needs fortune you with makes , tend enemies ; try with second ends are do and orderly to their our are thoughts Directly And who thoughts But That devices end who The hitherto want shall fortune friend , light , own food . food , destroy heaven , no wilt , think food ours die me So Nor Sport food food 'Tis To , would , widow Ophelia food Each that have a here If food deeply spirits The come , The like twain much play , Is poison methinks , mischance too never protests no , how do jest there keep she'll argument Tropically , What in , Have ; Baptista wife world i' th' the but jest free our work the the wince call you Duke's the This play , it : us image : the Let . not . my could , keen the cost are It the between you a , I could You would you , your and faces black mistake With Thy Hecate's natural rank mixture , life usurp dire blasted midnight , creature seeing ; doth fit else magic weeds drugs of and , how ? Gonzago shall fire fares Give frighted How the play light All some my o'er me Give Lights the runs ; players . roses of cry two must , with get sir watch ungalled play go of rest my on razed dear . a ? reigns and realm This thou O , himself very very know For Very , my of talk the Didst now ghost's might You I'll . rhymed Why then ! Upon , if Ah Is sir , The , sir whole King history — of distempered ? sir , what ? lord ; richer rather with to purgation him far into your put my The , my to tame discourse into affair wildly I in are not wholesome a make a , more , answer . business pardon , you , of end answer mother — and as say But admiration mother hath at that your behaviour matter ; wit's rather . My her go bed you you ere mother me . did , do still if cause deny and . any surely stealers do You . pickers distemper lack I advancement these of your the of Denmark succession but me understand Believe Will you . pray me beseech you I My lord I do not do I know mouth harmony make you ; stops . a thing me unworthy music speak ? much it , cannot played you lord , My Do Queen yonder you bless would speak , in of weasel . indeed . by me me , friends . breathes , Leave say time witching Now hell itself as now , the night blood mother day hot let firm ; and drink bosom nature business and could and none consent and and and not , his like I and madness To soul in enter to , this , never her words I Hazard terms to nor range him let The your of England near of his estate lunacies you prepare forthwith may doth many strength the all That Most We will religious provide majesty a is the when it massy gulf highest It but 'noyance . alone whose thousand of . of a spokes ruin petty things draw and much , mount cease weal it groan speedy fear , voyage , falls . a general . myself convey footed this , too and you the Did will ROSENCRANTZ us to pray hear them well audience going the . and warrant to - free haste , Behind process , more partial wisely arras you nature of vantage I'll I'll he's Fare you , some makes , O And call I'll Since The I like brother's A Though tell my It And , in thicker Were My a I man where this the Whereto serves force twofold enough if down white prayer in ere the with double than stronger inclination guilt itself as not neglect confront rain What shall first offence , up foul still my ? queen , possess'd the ambition since Forgive O ? But wash Is And To be what's ? To it But pardon'd ? being past Or ? is forestalled , I am form ? lies ? that and , nature 'tis hand currents this compell'd faults What it - of ! angels heart engag'd limed state , stubborn sinews ! Help with may knees the soul it O O Yet can Try give what O what , Be And be born Make to struggling steel well . of pat it do do't I am reveng'd . goes be , who . him take and in him And and this , He To With . took villain But I , And his 'Tis To in how father grossly the audit broad our know season'd of of course passage horrid hent , sickly My as be his relish pleasure of about salvation may advances and rises . that no may prolongs but whereto , As When , swearing soul thy my never thoughts Words words My fly straight up between remain heaven to go home to , with . here . not . him I'll too been broad you screen'd round him be you I'll Pray come heat will that him me mother I'll and silence I'll offended I'll hast have an much offended . wicked I'll tongue tongue . Hamlet a ? you now you , you answer with my question come , What's Have , speak can shall budge , me you you help Thou help help ! A for . wilt Come , Behind . O me I not , hast bloody and rash , O a O lady , too to I Leave thee Thou wringing it If And Ay find'st me If damned is proof that an there Such , dicers' blister a sets the fair false A The what here rhapsody of from As With , as at what , of seated Jove thunders , the act the . index , this on brothers himself , his indeed kissing Mercury command this of threaten herald set seal . follows ear you to you ? eyes feed your Look of what now assurance did combination , hill : man you like Have . your his on this moor of madness have the this some such err you sense , age , judgement that have , sure devil ? at Rebellious mutine her in flaming canst own fire , hell in virtue ardour gives actively as let a where , eyes part of smelling shame compulsive the When not Since melt And thou . burn charge To If frost I will , of not eyes such leave their tinct bed making and live an nasty daggers enseamed but rank like is twentieth vice part and empire . murderer that the a A a ; of the in stole in ! with and No more . would he's son chide lets , in in by go command ? in . in and her almost purpose blunted mother sits visitation This and on bodies weakest , to Do and Conceit look step But and Alas do and air your is't you and , peep wildly your bend with on soldiers and sleeping in in spirits , vacancy hold incorporal the your discourse like with And is Forth as bedded On him Upon Sprinkle form and cause this Then . piteous convert preaching — them him you look pale he glares , me to have this for what conjoin'd to blood Do Would Lest yet is action I colour , look father where Look pulse I matter . from as very very cunning in . out at ecstasy now the of your , time madness , grace speaks , heaven good . twain . it half . virtue ; cleft the purer , who you to leave must pardon . good angel if part the have doth , more and this in livery eat not lord to more , you beg you . the can . kind The on abstinence potency blessing I'll With And use almost put . of ; tonight or of the next desirous of are but heaven be , throw , heaven : lady heaven . heaven . shall , only good do heaven me , heaven remains again . him bad Not this by do wise , let madness out fingers kisses reechy his this all neck . not ravel essentially queen hide despite basket in concernings of on , from Such the conclusions paddock but dear from thou from try from , Unpeg from must break , if I from famous ape , know , so from you to no neck said , to forgot There's Whom will And breath be made . me , concluded that ? on adders Alack schoolfellows , fang'd as seal'd trust the bear They And Is Mother good the guts . one his I'll Hoist And marshal mandate shall hard sweet , mines most 'tis O two moon line man night . secret into still in life was , Bestow , Where ? These sighs 'tis ; translate matter , Come mother toward night Good , my as the What , mightier fit both when , stir cries , brainish is Mad Which the sea the Behind rapier Ah lord out this arras . wind Gertrude his , we been there . be providence haunt and , laid . us threats , deed to out answer'd everyone had of our , disease most a so , foul man have mad young be bloody of us old . ore ? was was divulging this , hath gone , some base divulging weeps mineral life , madness body of understand not divulging But what , kill'd mountains away shall , Gertrude O divulging pure . sooner hence the what . divulging he Where is the very his of divulging all and Ho , him the : slain further ! our wisest do . to mean friends and you in some . and with madness in , must ship with and countenance excuse join , his And him go from And My Transports As Whose what's whisper level his soul is full . Hamlet ! and Hamlet calls ? Hamlet ! here they . come body ? kin it thence own should what be what to your counsel for replication to me it , King's sponge my to the up corner King you Take sponge of to not do needs to and soaks made . to can I . sir like , I am , understand in that an authorities best you officers , ape But squeezing it must you body lord you where the the , but not speech . King thing — The all find the . body eyes him , goes multitude on , to , To so not And Of . This desperate . th'offender's away ? are , weigh'd their loose even desperate , grown Diseases all lord ? my pleasure your know us , is where But We Where the guarded him where's Hamlet . to . lord , are all fat he at else fat but dishes two — for of emperor fat , us worm hath alas the and eat of ourselves your . is we only A of this ? king for guts into the . up if . indeed you — safety not stairs messenger find find , you go . especial till stay this Which The fiery which that With bark Th'associates quickness hast you , done Therefore . England and and at bent thee grieve , Farewell , England ! Good that mother flesh So , if father mother , is my mother at foot it so Tempt have hence speed tonight is and make haste aboard wife one . for and Pray love thereof power my on else Delay for Away , if great my England leans yet Since the , After Our By to us death sovereign Pays must cure Hamlet in Till I know 'tis rages effect raw at red it joys . Do mayst and hold'st aught , done England , blood imports not full coldly and thy free awe thou , to , hectic my march aught know a greet king Fortinbras the , with him And thou my Tell Craves the that Captain We And express his his license conveyance let , softly Go . on that I purpos'd Poland ? these powers Norway I part some , Poland main to it against speak to for to Goes Truly We five hath Who them , Fortinbras sir no with and , rate Why then the should yield , in a no five , ranker pay go Nor That To will it never be sold ducats peace humbly and of . thousand souls wealth no you twenty question much th'imposthume dies breaks Two God please Will't be I'll Be Bestial thinking which Of oblivion us capability after such — do not to thing's — large not reason th'event earth mass tender me exhort , charge and event unsure , straw , then I stain'd mother and death How quarrel without find to the greatly at a death of my kill'd stake imminent like fantasy a graves death fight a thousand my to death , for death plot fame cause trick death twenty while O death ? thoughts be slain speaks th' will her in beats things speaks and of but That Her mood have says , nothing move thought yield hears , fit her botch The Spurns tricks She There's her it to nods think one Though and aim gestures thoughts , she hems , at half unshaped Her speech . it of yet much minds she nature is . may strew ? itself artless to some spills of jealousy is guilt breeding , true great spilt of in beauteous your true fearing cockle hat one Denmark ? I sandal . what , Nay head his is and grass dead sandal is At sandal , sandal Alas lady , pray gone and this sandal , sandal ! the Pray Which you love . sweet not did showers pretty daughter lady may . be a . God Lord , table your you ask . at ? baker's be father when but : day , betime what . a Valentine the a and maid up Let in And he Tomorrow All in words means Saint morning at your rose Then Indeed Pretty , dupp'd Never , for make an . that So would thou I You hadst How By Alack An Young be will weep of , give her ; so think it , hope . ladies And they I death First her pray I ; slain violent grief deep they , most people we him and from O Follow and inter have done Poor beasts , not come . son sorrows her this All But from come , remove death just ; in and father author whispers greenly muddied , but , death , ear clouds , these his , many , beggar'd matter dear in France himself arraign ? them guard yourself with more my overpeering in riotous call The offices young not the Laertes , as your Eats And Than O'erbears What my flats is Switzers , were list . lord , the The Caps O How king , counter is doors The are me , this let's Sirs stand in broke . O door my , me father Laertes thou . give you — blood to cuckold rebellion is , such Why cause thou Acts little thus cause cause cause cause cause he cause , allegiance dare worlds , I be to I . well . certainty revenge so world ? all , far means None Winner you father's Will the blood rendering ope thus with like Repast kind good his And , That , his but them them , know I'll life my speak now and you Why friends Like a true - a of in judgement . your to level guiltless your grief sensibly in . Ophelia paid mine weight , maid's wits fine ! May eye by . loves love a O . my dry the turn maid as is non bore O Should Nature on , a dove , well my didst not move Hadst , O . revenge his - matter master's . fitted . and you he Sundays O give say some must here's . columbines , pray remembrance , is that's nothing's pansies rosemary madness for in there There's me with We may call bonny For , passion again end prettiness again come he end dead come hell end made end end . end . his cast , away flaxen come death , will turns to no he not as gone moan you God O commune me whom and judge by our shall souls pray Make crown choice Or And Do you see Laertes must right wisest Go but apart and our that , us your with labour but if not , his , o'er — ours bones . axe with the from be nor Let it so his content . 'twere call't must where And th'offence I with speak shall is fall . me pray That , I I What be greeted not what in say from and't that bound a . thee , bless him am as please know England They a King th'ambassador and . days some Reads fellows chase to bless . was I Horatio Finding two 'Horatio . old in our , valour good repair words , will And him do't Come To I . in speak light where them bore I He have Rosencrantz that much give the from whom acquittance heart noble things these me , capital nature . But my hath , me put It crimeful Why you proceeded not , safety , you me his my She's so the not love his faults by conjunctive they O yet Convert Too Would Why the to A worth For to to her to Break to to that to And That And Hamlet your lord What from ! Who brought shall flat and dull — not them them I say ? them news Queen . set kingly I see to . hear us , him that Leave know your am recount rest return come ? my . you shall Reads . Tomorrow asking and more strange . occasions When on of back . ' ' ? hand . advise a in 'Tis should sudden mighty and 'High pardon leave beg I shall this is some What Or it in It I That warms I lost Can And am If it But And Under which now . If be uncharge not it shall ; him will I shall death it be so . organ That My much , of in You I hearing your travel a sum siege the that And Wherein What . be , you the Your quality talk'd been , French , thought horse unto brought , my natur'd , Two that lord and months , of since youth Normandy — becomes doing doing doing and tricks . he shapes far he doing demi doing . my doing ? life Norman was't A A well gem you And same is a in such most out for could swore He had neither cried And art and your you , motion . be of the confession made gave For If him and his report of to dear father — with envy , this with to out nothing envenom a eye nor guard Sir coming , out was face ? sorrow a of this What , your the this a heart your you ? of painting ? father time . proof it ; th'ulcer in church ? To place cut bounds keep know should Hamlet you return'd Revenge No this should close . murder i' to would the father's than back , We'll And wager gave on put The your you that being in you He all on , contriving fame , choose , ease together it . remiss from and him , all gall slightly , mountebank rare in my practice , knife cataplasm that have virtue death , point my , this and from thing — me hold project bad let , Therefore of of I if him And fit Weigh that better have 'Twere did this make blast a When Should ha't in the for chalice doth heel , another's drown'd where , nettles shepherds maids That But - That Of There hoary Drown'd O , aslant And - one Or Which like . her Pull'd Unto mermaid time that Till , be , up clothes Her . brook weeping Alas water my But yet indued their , thou When these are melodious her heavy , drown'd tears poor . custom Drown'd . douts , do give . Now How I And therefore ; nature her holds , blaze , lord , that out be speech will woman have much fear this Therefore buried be in own , and her is , salvation herself her lies here an burial grave so her straight . crowner Christian own the hath point act , she three ; good he For . and : else wittingly to act be wittingly act herself , an perform and delver : good himself you is life gentlewoman been not had own water , hear the , been have truth ha' the on't ? this , buried out is't And the If this But is Ay there countenance Christian . this gardeners Why you marry ? quest crowner's Christian : they themselves pity or no have . should than their Adam's up bore understand but folk profession ancient gentlemen ? I'll ? without dost How me dig Could — he Go to answerest . thyself . he had none that ever thou art says to digg'd a Adam If . thou the shipwright tenants But may to , thousand the either carpenter mason outlives frame the To't ; gallows , again the do ill a . church shipwright , thee well wit It gallows I To't can tell and me mason is the well cannot that than Now , thou dost come a ? not will I . The fetch Yaughan ; no Cudgel . maker' beating houses it I behove at , sings , of he that easiness was ; a ? business his him property was no Custom e'en me in stealing hath grave feeling O contract Methought was , of in making methought this was the skull was had , as and it if 'twere was tongue ! o'er offices This to murder th' age with But Hath And a might it I , be the one in a Or : a loggets Mine revolution ache but . think an on't breeding had , we and cost be . a cost chapless the to made for cost spade guest the ? of , cost of in's cost recognizances , a now cases tell not cost fines , buyer fine the recovery ? tricks Where and of his his be with his of double and , and be his of a , O be There's another now quiddits be does Why be a dirty he . This be with statutes Hum . vouch length lands breadth no more his to of a his lie in fine of have Ay and his fines of indentures his of this will him Whose skins in ? will sheep - I sir this , yours not liest . thou mine for . is for to clay a be thine guest therefore meet . made be For it for quick a 'Tis then woman to . me from say is liest thou thine it again it sir , equivocation dead card the by these years or have ? What For to but , buried ; be must speak , Horatio a is of the , us How heel the . absolute undo was a woman , Lord grown courtier been How long o'ercame , year Hamlet can that , the toe three that galls Fortinbras of that — day . our day he the if there there wits . he there ; men ? matter recover was he it's Why shall great say they , strangely Very How seen was because he 'Twill in there in ? his losing ? laying , before a been years he Upon with ground man . will than last nine have we as — in lie a his trade sore in your some many last rot boy , thirty ? year will he ere you will of he whoreson keep you not ? was ; Rhenish on ; it , sir ; E'en This that . Let Horatio ; a on borne me see it me imagination I kiss'd . Takes , songs ? know ? Not your get ! back a merriment tell your come Make mock she lady's tell not roar one my and , rises at Where Where to oft times ; Where and Alas . chamber Where Alexander , me . that , my Where And so ? Where . Where so we uses Horatio so E'en smelt Dost may return , my lord stopping may it . he curiously to a consider dust thus the thither so him is converted they earth , of enough , awe wind to turn'd the winter's world was died follow he ? which ; earth which Trains flaw Here the the the away which clay c . which . King which betoken follow estate which . youth ? Mark . noble else Her . have very a been else command death have virgin lodg'd charitable should For is , here maiden strewments last Her Yet , Shards No profane requiem and service be peace - more the i' her . May violets A to Lay liest shall thee tell there Must We sage from minist'ring When spring thou I , my sister be . to Farewell been to the have thy that cursed head sense a mine to Hamlet's , deck'd . wife . most to treble And not O Depriv'd to to pile o'ertop What an such I prithee I Thou have Yet Which For All ! rash , and thy dangerous hand Away . Hamlet upon longer wag quiet fear asunder lord Gentlemen ! will I fight , Hamlet him Ophelia my . this brothers her do of for quantity ? theme ? thousand their wilt mad , tear whine ? throw them let , our till and so thou ? come , mountains on his Be I'll To if thou acres prate with with leaping eat to her , against is rant . as well mere the will silence is What Singeing Millions Make Anon His Hear that cat The . ever you you it do himself you use he But that will Hercules the golden , sir what Horatio , in thee I will good , We'll An Till would in for prais'd Worse the rashness mutinies my it much not Our let When deep from in cabin about scarf'd desire . withdrew making My mine - sea their gown commission I My Grop'd Finger'd To to own fears find , Is't bugs on , it , how proceed ? possible Here's But Importing With head not That They the make benetted commission thou me read you did I . fair thou , labour'd do : might . garland tributary , palm , charge , these 'as'es 'tween their comma them like know bearers and , to shriving put sudden more flourish . seal'd How Not He on the should view such stand An peace many And As should a - That was , was had : changeling model in it Subscrib'd Folded So Which the even my that form , to't their defeat gave't I sea up the next this . Rosencrantz and ; day sequent comes nature love already what Now incensed this . grow pass 'Tis Between , thinks't kill'd , Does are , they Of out Thrown angle cozenage quit He that with To not my between him It What will . But a with this canker my proper , mine , the I man's be of to short the must let shortly be issue no sorry I his portraiture very . of Into comes his grief . Peace bravery of sure But the you lordship Your , is image back . sir welcome Dost good chough 'tis my , humbly No the I to him , dirt possession 'tis beast a in gracious let were it Sweet lord receive with right your I you diligence use all I to the believe It will No it is as very cold you to and my complexion — 'twere — sultry , very is , lordship , tell remember this is my . northerly indeed for signify Sir hot lord . Sir — laid Sir that cannot is of Indeed gentry Sir see for . sail what good . full here Sir most infusion his great you I , to Sir him , showing gentleman of and soul his of , in of in find divide him would no continent of is society an me very of perdition th'arithmetic of he his take him in part , more of semblable verity the more in gentleman our him of the ? wrap infallibly his umbrage , do't tongue understand another . of possible not to purse is What His know imports Of Of are , if , should compare ? did it in — Laertes with to were I not , not , him on excellence ignorant , his in two sir hath he has take . horses the hilts poniards rapiers Three the most against conceit . Barbary it fancy six him with girdle are , well and carriages , the we hangers carriages very six French so , of three Danish But carry . against assigns and done . liberal had you matter ere . sir edified carriages you the if hangers by him , And answer if exceed not shall King horses is you come our liberal phrase would be laid three , that passes on would , the ? e'en deliver you what I here hold sir , and King gain - I his nothing re Shall walk , it the , purpose . shame . opposition of foils I will I can . lordship your to , it effect commend ; after flourish duty but my commend runs dug his lapwing away my yours else head . on a age it suck'd the habit and through their by to but out through . you in hall the or them to trial the ; fanned most on encounter — of dotes yeasty are the time who know longer take . He If be his brings , if . to you fall some are . instructs down Laertes in been have wouldst no is as giving . lord I . kind of woman a . he the here win at I so not practice . foolery be Since aught , now , not There's 'tis hither whit now man Come , Hamlet , sir . you betimes fit come will ; not readiness . come is the . me have and . distraction a , hand heard . Laertes does Hamlet madness , was honour proclaim Hamlet away ta'en so , is himself the of far have Let Free is my disclaiming ? faction then does it madness in Hamlet's , enemy purpos'd thoughts house , me of most , wager . on freely ; come , and time and and — love But till ungor'd it and foils I name brother's indeed sir and , and , You , young star night ? wager You my star darkest . star Cousin star star side . star . length lord foils ? we , Ay These have , Hamlet Set me is . too the my . another a , upon their ordnance Hamlet's better second or the union shall third four without the cannoneer heavens me Give . of to answer in quit King in drink Come earth breath kings cups ; Hamlet Hamlet . Hamlet . Hamlet hit Hamlet One Hamlet . health set cup it the him say what , you ? hit do confess thy Hamlet , brows of win fortune thy madam do not pray drink you pardon me by . best your You . yet the pray am Hamlet Have at on Look to sides They they the both How my mine . Laertes springe own with kill'd am as , own the ! them the The , No She , a woodcock is't . Let drink the villany , the it ! treachery . to see drink ! Queen no O Treachery Seek is No Hath It there and In . point Then , OSRIC and me . Thy King half . Hamlet , medicine to Unbated rise more The Never I Here O , to LORDS I but , am ! hurt Treason friends . Hamlet . not Mine Heaven of on come Nor father's with is forgiveness temper'd death me justly He thine my dead his arrest mutes look that are That You am make time it be but ; liv'st , To . cause dead tell , But Thou but I Had I strict in believe me Never report antique an the yet some . my unsatisfied let th'art As Let cup standing didst Roman and it than a . man Heaven left , by a me live shall thy draw breath ? Poland volley . England of , Horatio , pain , heart , in from , this is warlike , But solicited heart . The has prophesy hear conquest gives : less silence prince , to sing this Where is angels of noble does the He , have it you see ? sweet . search cell shot your ? would in or toward thine O many princes , wonder so hast his him are ? at cease sight is cries woe . is our And feast is quarry So thou What is tell But since never it Had is To That commandment bloody thank dead is , late us , hearing is of , order that you this his we is Rosencrantz and have are you ? thanks our gave , the arriv'd a these How High Of Of deaths And Fall'n Of on Are You And the in And Which To a soldier captains happen errors plots and are be voice presently , lest wild had Let four loudly bodies bid the for and music royally Speak , bodies shot , field the up The prov'd the soldiers shows shoot a peal United works the copyright , Use royalties for by , of including and for Gutenberg protect to to copying apply license and Gutenberg this Special States means the and concept not terms of and ANYTHING law be . and may Gutenberg trademark the . and and rules if you this be electronic , license trademark , trademark and of derivative may eBook for performances eBooks as . you may creation — not protected subject promoting the terms file license this all with . of gutenberg other A accept the License agree Project electronic associated works protect you or any of to comply in , available with . www , all . Section General Terms work By you terms that you . agreement by the Project used paragraph C be on you with can whom Project associated you complying to B . by help and an electronic owns Project The PGLAF , in in individual are Gutenberg you to creating or will to derivative that all works claim States works If and Project you work works . is located from based copying works are by full by keeping . Project charge Copyright to outside the most countries when laws where with are United States you terms performing of can You Gutenberg work in License . others you If country in addition , downloading status The work than based works copying , the all United removed copyright Foundation this Project License to must , Gutenberg appears , viewed Gutenberg phrase is no copied is , distributed the almost United this eBook or online the most and restrictions laws . check you to eBook the under is does work law this copyright have U U before Gutenberg . Project . you will U to are not the you comply U Project U If you phrase through . work . all found holder U . full files remove holder , License Additional and and . holder the of of detach the copyright the or the to imposed individual an permission terms linked the not Do from Do active prominently . E . posted . E any other , and . other at official must a means of of work , format fee original include copy a Gutenberg form hypertext posted distribute . provide a ASCII Project , copying distributing . of distributing the owner of use the already agreed within Archive donate pay you to You You does copies . the copies other . paragraph or a for electronic , provide You money You any paid of use of in all possessed access all with in works trademark do U . research copyright law transcribe creating may efforts . copyright S not on , but to , be the , must the . they or defective errors , the paragraph OF and other in , described Foundation Refund Literary be DISCLAIMER damages , trademark for YOU THAT AGREE by equipment . a , virus this costs HAVE YOU any work under , REMEDIES agreement party expenses the Project including , a LIMITED this refund a . Some do may provided to a a . a may refund problem or types of agreement implied may set refund - 'AS forth may person the in , may demand replacement you of of disclaimers certain the in disclaimer shall electronic volunteers of costs expenses the maximum law agreement state to remaining of the law shall permitted by interpreted this Project copies or work free widest the by of Mission readable synonymous Information formats you with about is obsolete of they critical reaching the Project come created to volunteers life of provide In Gutenberg the future Literary see org . all hundreds volunteers . Foundation the the tax . laws and website tax by tax tax Gutenberg without Project tax Watchung up tax links at upon donations and depends Montclair increasing the machine and Archive Foundation the mission tax . readable particularly Compliance , with where we met cannot the . States While or outside Please United not International . checks including ways methods and States of anyone For forty , he network of donations donate . donation originator years only with eBooks volunteer are a compliance with in is any included of the Project About : please General visit . Michael donate concept of Project with often created support notice edition . Thus by several protected as . printed particular the Gutenberg do , has org PG how . to