Stand Stand . Stand . Stand Stand Stand . stirring good , do Well For 'Tis come most carefully , there Who . Give Friends . Stand good . Horatio Say , What has appear'd , good tonight Marcellus again And us He may That are us Sit not speak fantasy hold him let not to watch approve let Tush Where it speak down we , all that's of . part of that's it wonder . dead Horatio it fear , Horatio . be ? will I speak 'Tis gone , Horatio charge answer look and ! not thee . away ! offended ! What not Before ! How ! it Is was the very As thou ! th'ambitious once frown'd ! He he Such smote before twice Thus In But Good Does such foreign daily of why nightly toils for the joint , toward - with night the can labourer me ? Our last King , war of sore whose week to Norway us pride , of valiant a known who law all those , esteem'd world emulate . so now which our I a most appear'd Hamlet but know this this been , to , King the , and , Fortinbras , return'd , design'd competent had conqueror , moiety of as sir , Norway list diet , That For food stomach But Shark'd His hath it doth recover to And by Is of main our and , I lands , eye dead sheeted the in mightiest so e'en so . land the other this the palmy the ere it to and trouble the watch is through sort that most little graves stars Did The A That in trains sun almost sick Upon with the Disasters whose As And the prologue As gibber the empire with preceding precurse doomsday Neptune's of influence ; our Have soft hast be sound , me . done , me . to to good to to grace voice of Stay ! may . fate speak O in treasure Which there thee thou say any thou , behold ! any . use be , in ! walk , to and , privy , Do Stop I Shall , Speak here ! not will ! 'Tis if it , air the it The It , his lofty and . started fearful with Awake in Whether then Doth a day ; erring mockery . is cock To our night , herein air , celebrated spirit stir season is all dare Saviour's dawning say wholesome singeth no hath power planets the , truth the of crowing the ever birth comes no of look Walks o'er So Break The then And have I Some The they that say This , nor , the , we will with him acquaint , pray I most to yon and upon us ; Hamlet consent in loves shall dumb do't needful I our impart the heard , and watch our us we young , Lords Laertes Let's we Do Hamlet grief , our , him Voltemand yet be hearts in dear brow , Attendant green To Yet To bear Though The we Together fought it brother's with whole us that on and memory in of him , queen . dirge with and to hath with remembrance think ourselves , dole herein , gone barr'd marriage joy , weighing For young worth death , frame brother's and dear disjoint with pester of lands bonds us his advantage all Importing valiant late the fail'd thinking state Colleagued He by his father be to late our Now hath for late this our supposal which weak Our Now late not a late late late the to with . we dispatch made levies , suppress power the commend articles full bed - and his good bearers Giving business with the King your all nothing news the what's farewell Laertes with to the thou beg , Laertes What . is't thy ? to to native wouldst , not Dane ? suit speak be not of . you father mouth to my of , have , Laertes , heart the the , Denmark to came lord return , Polonius my me from and . leave France leave again that my show Your To now My And Have , you to father's lord my hard at last . sun colour , than less still much i' die . eternity to . lids vailed lives must all that it , bound ; to survivor , the term persevere his Hamlet father heaven to mind and simple , and thing , Fie should heart against a 'tis absurd the be , dead the death it of To any first the his must A fault 'This we understanding ? We ' ; for , he and , what Take reason to . woe the And Than corse bears his throne of to intent remain eye son , to our in . father you throw earth note take father of As that less Wittenberg , you obey us you retrograde For Wittenberg . madam that and in best drinks But a the I pray my to heaven thunder the health jocund in to great King's this my all shall earthly in ; heart cannon rouse Come Re Sits This as speaking that O had into flesh dew ! away , melt solid itself , and God in to much so Why roughly a excellent ! to Seem two So to he face ; me I her too loving that king a dead merely nay ; not That . she appetite , those a grown within she even — earth , heaven on ! father reason Why — most unrighteous tears she my , body cannot galled woman old mine were thy — beast , ere my month little A Hail your lordship ! tongue post ! good my . eyes her in wicked to you : am same change you Wittenberg name that , do or to good , see make I'll And Sir what Horatio my poor I am And lord from say violence report own lord sir . my . truant so Good very But My enemy good in father's student upon - to truster deep drink of you ere you Elsinore see fellow to was , see it mother's We'll teach you see . meats heaven Horatio in see The the that father bak'd see see . see . eye my day lord my ? eye eye . yesternight eye again him all eye goodly . eye father ? saw upon look Who eye ! while . may gentlemen till for father King your attent let me the night . and , figure A exactly : with cap middle of fear the act whilst - by and speak dumb By slow Appears Armed In jelly length them and , Form Where hands thing they them with as had the . I knew father your this the deliver'd , deliver'd not upon we deliver'd more word impart fear This good , did the watch to deliver'd him not secrecy night each both true deliver'd was platform where ? address I deliver'd none morning : did ? deliver'd deliver'd watch it to speak methought . me . it of but tonight sirs the watch down , troubles . to toe . face say Both lord foot his head you lord , look'd sorrow What than red in O his had . you very And Very with and moderate , like haste longer Longer . very like it I'll my noble father's pray this hell itself . person should fare ; but platform your requite Upon I And be have hold If And will Give it to I will it conceal'd though . else . you . gape , all , well . farewell ; well come . were eyes . that . benefit of youth But let me doubt the the more No Think Forward For The perfume suppliance and it no but of so more ? more sweet of primy nature , permanent not , The And thews greatness he may Unto in . the And The Whereof As of wisdom your fits saying His himself must of choice be whole on ; yielding if particular . his may , you state he believe is . sustain songs ear you your it of your importunity goes withal body says , heart Ophelia rear not galls she of shot fear or my of Too The it To , And Or Fear , the The canker the and infants the disclos'd . none good good . else brother , lesson in fear keep . near , rede lies this some puff'd , O primrose . But is a . grace ; leave my libertine to . dalliance own me There Aboard . in , wind The too And I stay long . blessing here Be thou are you sits Laertes aboard for , in thy of their and by but thy , unfledg'd being . Beware , tongue , tried vulgar means , adoption with but of thee in of beware few thy judgement thy gaudy voice but but may hatch'd to man's censure habit fancy as can , and : proclaims chief lender ; select both the a thine as this any the be true day my , leave servants my thee night false season , your . man tend well , of remember the to memory . Farewell hath he said to you ? Hamlet late . bethought oft : tell me bounteous yourself on , you . you and put must truth tenders . should think ; fool ; pay a true baby a . love go go ; to importun'd it to of heaven , me , my dearly phrase poor the wind Tender of , to . Lord higher From rate ; young , time ; presence . it fire at him larger In . may he maiden this . for they , show investments few Ophelia suits unholy are he : is , implorators in given that tether parley a much to entreatments your of scanter you ; dye that of Than Do believe . plain slander and of sanctified vows mere in , not better to so charge I , would to As you Have you words or obey hour nipping What ? of lacks and it an shrewdly is It think , mean King The Indeed as wassail doth his of and The And The mind triumph , What tonight ; down his upspring thus observance . phrase takes at perform'd and revel east headed marry , I native is the am west nations swinish other and height attribute of drunkards the breach than , of manners , and of defect , men ; in not , reason much that grace doubt evil comes The undergo may stamp star these as pure , goblin or a such thee ignorance O , in why inurn'd sepulchre , the ; questionable call health grace defend or blasts charitable damn'd from shape or spirit in of intents thy airs com'st from wicked burst royal in bones cerements ; ponderous and What again and our disposition our souls ? What with ? go reaches Wherefore shake to Wherefore of moon fools we Wherefore nature should Wherefore of ? Wherefore , Wherefore impartment some alone away to Wherefore if It soul set what I be at the life a do pin's ? follow it ? it , form Think horrible the of other assume of , still me hears so place into some reason the desperation it brain follow beneath . every fathoms waves roar I'll many it my hands Go That Without shall . artery petty cries out in lion's , that follow . heaven I'll hardy as Still And I , away make each makes am . him . lets . thee . to I'll . obey Have thou Heaven Whither me ? Mark me him . go wilt will lead I'll , tormenting will . flames , will Must will I My will me will And the purg'd crimes day the tell to in done away tale of certain secrets thy freeze soul eyes like whose But combined could Thy knotted and stars a And Like Make thy Would To ears If thou of Revenge flesh But his foul Murder most this didst me As duller May shouldst rots And That 'Tis given thou A serpent Rankly than thee find The stung Is Ay O So to seduce my to with , of Hamlet won uncle traitorous shameful ! gifts seeming his that , be were and of off - have with ; bed , falling to decline , as it though But wretch it Upon those Will ! always thy hour secure hebenon in of cursed lust . made I , mine Though court to a itself in a radiant . morning air , of droppings like , curd with wholesome a gates natural That The the porches The And And And such swift I off in disappointed , my unanel'd of tetter . So and with . queen brother's once hand ; most ! imperfections with my crown Thus life No With horrible Let with not damned , thee but all , blossoms of , even of with was reckoning made , my in with howsoever thou , aught thy ; for couch with A But the nature ! O with Cut hast To The And the shows thorns . that let soul heaven , be Denmark of mind nor those sting to fie , O And O But all and glow couple , adieu , heaven ! Adieu And shall , I you Ay bear you , my , memory thee thee my of trivial forms copied all records ! down a Denmark ! villain villain by damned it most O with tables , matter smiling . and ! woman of alone live , Yes commandment all book the Within , It Within is O one may villain My I , adieu , be ho secure . So , 'Adieu I Lord . lord . bird lord lord ? come noble it ho , Come my I O , news lord , heaven . it , my tell , Not say How then , But heaven , it reveal you'll , my No you by HORATIO would heart of man be you'll Nor , Ay a , ghost To are circumstance more i' this come from . lord an dwelling . once lord arrant in ? my . right the knave But There that you ; without hath , you every For You These are I'm but Look wild they offend you poor part , my I'll ; lord I'll . heartily lord . pray I'll vision tell is , here you I'll , Horatio I'll whirling Yes faith words I'll have , HORATIO My me one We you good is what is't make Never What have , my . Art , ha you so fellow this on Come boy this . there thou . stage truepenny cellarage , oath the hear ? the thou to , that sword . shift . ground . Beneath Come hands Swear of speak your et Never lay Beneath work i' remove Canst more is ? friends welcome Horatio , so th'earth Swear but . you come mercy But , strange wondrous it — myself hereafter soe'er odd dreamt antic 'We some could or , disposition shall bear think — on this , seeing head never shall , would' if if phrase they shake and , me , doubtful 'There — out most , Swear . to . commend do Beneath a man poor , you in ; is go I your do May God still what t'express The , time ever together you cursed . Swear love . born let's . together , Hamlet spite right Reynaldo , wisely I , did . you well ; Enquire My You very behaviour him marvellous Before Marry And By do who first at what what encompassment as Than Take my know said Danskers means , intend son , of and where more it touch drift . lord Look , Reynaldo will demands , your — my lord , his this father you ' but , I 'twere some his 'I , thus in , very , be and such him ; forgeries , are ; dishonour ' and wild and liberty and As To most known , heed , put very say . there that usual slips ; please you may But gaming , and ; on marry noted fencing You swearing . charge him in . the far , liberty mind , the ; quaintly him scandal his of on fiery the , incontinency as , no flash A the You Wherefore , Of the That he my That and may seem general the , a unreclaimed assault lord do here's a on slight party a As the Your these little converse in the sullies a , Marry I the sir thing it Ay laying lord you He my fetch soil'd of th' ' Mark seen i' sound assur'd addition ' , the . say I was He to What does , And , breathe with of to Very man , country . this something By the , At him yesterday the closes Or , and know thus in about you and day marry 'gentleman consequence tennis' or in's . ' to : did I ! perchance truth , reach : See . you sale' of forth and of bias , At He , Videlicet There was then or At : 'closes I Shall : 'I , with such enter saw : There brothel , a house of advice you well lord . and me have wisdom of we do thus And by windlasses With My . You , I former lord fare his , Ophelia I so affrighted God the , lord what in , lord Hamlet Lord , and down head with his his I , doublet all stockings his , foul'd my chamber , his to in unbrac'd , upon , My He took not do thy To of look his if horrors thy had been a , thy I thy know for truly thy love the wrist length his face of waving little a — falls me thy I but said the thy and other he Then last He rais'd And . last bended his head his I This go And o' seem'd For being it thrice , would draw it . shaking piteous , shoulder turn'd lets their light without his . late , undertakings , any hard ; heaven command did you jealousy ! trifle but and he beshrew did to better . mad that made That sorry am quoted him . my , His access his hath . with not meant This And had might King . the , put thus I to . so have man What . I entreat himself should him both you , see , dear . it that Resembles That . To from time little much afflicts companies court humour days . of Something Hamlet's . I vouchsafe as aught . And neighbour'd dream on draw . than That Good I . To us he lies may glean will , not living you thanks you are hath talk'd him have majesties king's and fits to expend supply visitation Put by your the here of so more And Both profit your As up To and Rosencrantz Thanks I My Thanks , We beseech gentlemen . and son and our practices Rosencrantz to , gentle , visit instantly presence is Hamlet where . helpful . amen to some Go Heavens from Are been , think I duty God not I hold Thou And do the to hear . news , of in , of cause I that else — of do to of sweet be Give My Thyself father's I of death we shall of sift it of all your son's them , His He and Welcome , doubt That , preparation , return a his falsely It Was borne On Receives To give was greetings he our Most Upon be better your Highness ; he 'gainst levied as might , three his to this such him And your are it Through On set . and you please dominions of therein further for time read , down well we'll allowance , took well upon us pass labour . this well to . duty expostulate time . time , day and is is the Therefore since will I And Why day nothing Were call I matter less with but Mad More is't but for . go What he is pity That let farewell find , him . will effect defect . Perpend — cause . she mark , obedience of by remainder whilst the thus , defective for the effect and comes idol , phrase me in . her soul's and you shall my vile ; be , move liar fire , O show'd machine , love best . art to is have believe . Adieu him reckon , it , and . book , sight star with out then prince mistress No , did to : dumb , fain ''Tis likely this 'tis a positively prov'd I'd said ' that weakness a into raves , declension hid find know otherwise time be it from lead , this circumstances hid , I I this is You truth centre indeed my him then fall'n for carters . thereon state . it poor both , O - me . good God - lord . leave away . man . mercy , are my You well you Not know you , world thousand , That's true in maggots sun be Then if Have being good . lord . my a , the not to , breed I . Conception lord ? but not — a look on words , I — Words my . men lack of thick amber grey my ? lord , which be it not as this , Aside you potently is that are so out could sanity lord ! suddenly Indeed honourable replies My You , sir except Fare to Polonius Hamlet tedious seek . God . fools save , ye . the earth not not my the . shoe or lord of or middle ; or true that she , or good near have or , your but the or , But is friends prison confines worst the th' one not for there , are o' so is 'tis it To my . either for . of king . myself dreams is heroes , dreadfully what I , you of an I honest my poor , you not to the visit way ROSENCRANTZ GUILDENSTERN you rest of my But for servants . you occasion you but other no lord , I my own are in dear Is come , we ? inclining me with What in purpose . the to know the looks , your and lord you , King good ? To But let . me by you , Nay . your tell secrecy the why , have and exercises . What a in thing majestical canopy roof to work moving is of paragon angel , quintessence think my you hither are , there your no was My did Why lord lord if laugh you coming welcome use shall lungs whose man are are end tickle blank the foil his target ; shall have the ; peace ; halt sere verse — they or ? tragedians in delight residence both the by Their better the Are , is Do top that — the Do are dare come them Do they themselves maintains Do grow against much been Do make their them means Do than Who exclaim tarre has like , afterwards bid sin for O possible has possible the possible unless possible possible very mouths a is possible make , there than than appurtenance Gentlemen than would not fifty than garb , of than are this welcome fairly , you than welcome are than but baby , is them of gentlemen at each out second the Guildenstern you he's Happily will you there you to come you , my honour came each Upon , individable comedy — scene Plautus too for the thou ! poem , ass , more treasure hadst daughter well . i' . Aside I not . I right on Still , a have old . Jephthah ? well , not that lord , was you . chanson will comes I ! am like it , God , follows Why you most by As pass then as know to nearer Pray the cracked of altitude lady French , falconers ring , a of taste God heaven is see thee Denmark . like straight to't me , What , lord it but never received the in cried — was play speech the . remember I one said there , top set were once it matters But the honest fine method , than One as wholesome thereabout that much to as , see speech your , arms me Priam's Aeneas' 'Twas he speaks of this . called more let with sable in the ominous complexion foot in , smear'd to the the thus murders lend and in fathers in in in their Bak'd vile And With , my God lord Takes Which prisoner reverend , But As Doth as armour , did remorse Now falls thou synod spokes round nave and , low as This is , with the barber's As It for 'The ! mobled 'Mobled and of would themselves sword did tongue all diadem barefoot With Run late down and rheum in th'alarm and lank , seen the Unless The the with , Who she gods About A mincing state blanket When if this 'Gainst Fortune's of saw In Would things instant have , in not turn'd his no , colour ? epitaph Do brief bad use in your own , friends . old Use Use play a Murder Use of them . Use tomorrow Use . Use Gonzago need study for set down and a you mock him ? lord look My and my lord . peasant that in soul a to so visage his from in O , forms That force a not fiction his or he for all whole his wan'd dream , I own in's would do , free ; passion with , nothing face i' my pate a my lie in me this throat ? I , gall be villain villain ! kindless bawdy , ere region , with my unpack Fie I , the vengeance ! Bloody slave's But , or kites most father and very at cunning very the Remorseless Why That Prompted That my cursing no of his looks , devil spirit and course . the I . the ! Foh . have a of the to so have , most Play Before tent know a my . to such with . pleasing , very As They . murder For organ . uncle me the . T'assume . The the King thing puts my him can than you from with we would Nor we But do Most free of question of Niggard that certain ? his well disposition ? pastime to in the on there of This , he 'Tis And We o'er I play so it you , did way fell raught it . out to , are him . think And With beseech'd hear me most before him see matter to my these lord hither , lawful that , seeing , Affront closely as encounter , him th'affliction by be bestow so If't gather That for That of Will And We Her Hamlet's wildness good I To you here To , again happy I wonted . so it Ophelia Read , your the shall honours be his way hope I — may colour please — with 'tis The — We — Aside coming — lash ugly deed O pious O helps withdraw burden ! to nobler slings to The How Than ? a or end - flesh To be , and by , to : die , to to 'tis , shocks consummation sleep the , there's — death ay arms and and the a say we end , to of outrageous a sea natural sleep the ache heart The For we in , That And Devoutly of pangs who The of But a When bodkin merit might the dispriz'd of oppressor's That he insolence of And of Thus Than that grunt bare of traveller returns country Who and , himself sweat ? of the , make cowards pith currents and moment now thy you turn Nymph all sicklied With lose Ophelia regard of with conscience rather undiscover'd No fair Be you , Soft day , orisons many ? remember'd well , my honour ; them know rich more for ; sweet you gave No long have humbly My I have I thank lord That My made with , my lord unkind mind you ? honest ! My for the , and fair my into was power your ? honesty than with should . sooner can now not . inoculate loved our time sinners things I old ? such very than beck shape crawling . none your do , us of have , between ways I of am or earth to of breeder had mother my ambitious in , with honest indifferent it revengeful put them were better . What , such , as give to Where's my play to and the thy Go ? but . marry . God what snow , own upon be the Let in's thee , but you thou marry your mad me they , O fool ; nunnery heavenly yourselves what , is here , hath I you , amble married hath make jig you , already . your made are that as keep Those more marriages rest a I , affections seen what Love His Nor like do seen I , which spake ecstasy with Blasted have unmatch'd ? what he madness not I be : he and objects matter in , demand something it For the seas of himself settled variable Haply This . and do from It But heard all origin shall From You Sprung To Of well The need it hold love show be I'll plac'd conference . her it queen send , Your ones . ear him with play the round alone be entreat the , you find him . where think shall or ; him wisdom great trippingly I had air passion a the , whirlwind smoothness - of noise Herod a ears pated . you whipped fellow honour nothing lines , my use it all . Nor ; of gently split . to , is that Herods such a most to soul to temperance that , the are capable Pray your to own not . for . special your very nature this tutor with ; must cannot , image the action the nature this but players — nor the the have it the not and with . the be barren spectators the laugh to the ready them most , your of shows . ambition then will sir bellowed that . them . abominably those . now it Queen too , uses for the in in How some some quantity And Will Bid We , lord . that and to ? your just a as O dear my conversation e'en thou sweet Here lord art cop'd e'er , my As at . lord not think may hope I I but thy poor pomp , knee election her For thou that and buffets are and equal Fortune's , choice thou Dost of , blessed Fortune's co soul of for herself . fawning pregnant the candied hinges seal'd one is heart's As There One In my not thee is do a scene , Which prithee , As , I steal you Enter King Rosencrantz . march , Excellent If They are And Danish A the Get detecting coming flourish faith i' How No That Caesar enact What . my with this mine Julius to part stay players lord you him , my dear ready I you I , you they the you King ho good O mother . shall here's you lie ? do To you hither my ; by ? my my meant I lord lord . lord ? my , lord do but merry two within's ? be died man father should my a . and , looks Ay mother . my black , lord suit Then O But have yet a forgotten for , year He upon down ! poison finds or the pours her it , She three four dead body in Anon unto Lays , comes in ears makes comes , and bank takes and he King's and carried Mutes away , in but The a a fellow passionate again awhile , in means it the play argument mallecho players all . meant you to ashamed not show it . Be naught I'll , your our . clemency tragedy means . show play of ring ? round . gone borrow'd and , hearts Neptune's Full Is my or posy lord And Unite the love may with cart ground thirties are so you and love sun , I , of your former , state and . hands moon . done late , must , behind fear made fear there too do to world one shalt thou Faith women's , from cheer . lord aught you and fear my distrust Discomfort is great love my love my what love great live belov'd And as is grow thee , love leave love grows shortly as my accurst who — breast the . in rest shalt functions leave Honour'd Such None . second time husband thrift respects base second what now in marriage second , that husband me kill'd wormwood none husband me . bed break we dead . love , enactures with either passion ourselves we mellow kisses When I violent we like is what But do determine but birth , now But Most doth ending , in what when 'tis unshaken Their doth joy necessary doth to doth grief , aye left mark us ; purpose doth grief or destroy . lose most . doth , lament . doth run . so , still their thou think But die ours Our Our thoughts So Sport Meet Both what An If , here once would pursue blanks opposite anchor's to thy earth and cheer My sworn To . grow 'Tis The dull Sweet , with and , she ever should us , rock tedious never I day And no ? Is word . world i' th' is This call ? knavish is . play . the Tropically Gonzago we gall'd , This and majesty is shall ; jest free chorus your and are jade wince I could You keen you I . King nephew ; between are , lord husbands begin — better Still . hands the , With mixture . would cost you a time agreeing bellow doth . worse . of love Gonzago's You , creature , property . Gonzago name's The anon . His see story how wife ? fire . false with rises my . play o'er the some light All . lights . play ungalled ; get fortunes not , very himself , pajock reigns . a dear Didst , You realm , O Damon pound the . the take O Of Jove A , perceive well might my of Upon the talk did I Come , For Very lord . you likes some , a King sir of what whole a , vouchsafe history word , like not Come Is No , Your wisdom doctor lord for Good , in me should my put tame from discourse , am mother most great affliction some , of . you spirit pronounce you . welcome not of you answer return will right . are is , I you do hath you the answer mother — you you and My But , my struck ? such say , rather matter the but , my ; son my mother my or , more desires my , were with can heels you my she , wonderful Then upon your own I , when Sir your , lack the Denmark advancement deny of cause I My lord And lord my liberty still door that can , sir have voice succession you , withdraw To would play upon ? this too unmannerly a , you drive love is . I pray My be my lord . pipe beseech . you beseech beseech me of these , of thing my to a any beseech cannot as , me ; you there beseech make compass beseech to yet my beseech eloquent give as Look unworthy you than you can God My of shape almost yonder , cannot played cloud camel a would me a the that's upon a indeed by like like like weasel like . camel . weasel . a . a say will — a me said Very a whale a fool by . witching and hell a Now Leave a . could . a . use to breathes , not not Nero enter bitter , ever my let bosom : mother out safe it in her firm now nature daggers speak in my seals somever nor range . be but , consent somever . somever ; none shent somever . hypocrites with somever along with somever may provide Majesty fear your bound the mind Dies We keep live The With The near To mortis'd many it small itself upon but ; King Did but boist'rous summit huge Fix'd , thousand it , alone the and The like is , massy wheel . falls speedy fear voyage . closet home more going us . a than I'll and audience go to bed . lord I partial was it mother heaven smells , to ; know , Thanks you tell them Fare . what ere you you well , my . as sharp curse upon't to as shall if I double my with . pause in both I stand Is thicker there And wash like stronger hath the To be pardon'd is my in serve ? down ere we come what , foul possess'd ! to me I'll look , serves up fall force mercy murder — form , heavens , murder still Forgive . forestalled To give to his Yet what There In To what Buys the Art , when repentance more soft engag'd soul state can O the out limed is true evidence , Bow it O and black and ; wretched as I might now And sinews knees I sole son reveng'd do't do Now am , do father my I'll Be his With And I hire and And the sword he more his of , heaven black damn'd may kick , stays My below mother and days as , advances go . thoughts prolongs goes sickly heaven to lay remain thy and rises my never , up fly without that straight will Much And him I'll Now Hamlet , mother , Hamlet with a ? how now now forgot ? offended tongue tongue matter me Queen it and till sit you not may go thou wilt Behind Dead . O me for a I hast what Behind Nay kill and To I 'twas lady As . thee be heart thy for too busy . Take some is fool danger down , for penetrable , stuff not of be and . have so braz'd so — shall against thy . sense wag , rose innocent modesty , love Makes O . religion such takes oaths marriage of body dicers' blister , and Such blurs Calls have What , solidity soul words , sweet an grace virtue from That here so roars That An rhapsody Yea tristful With of - Ay Is thought sick the act , in picture this me , what thunders and , two presentment the herald Jove and the Mercury his . Ha for the it your is Here hey was moor this not , ecstacy choice What hoodman hath cozen'd , reserv'd at you a sans , was't blind without , bones , some ? that you some err ; motion ne'er would some was madness for some . quantity so some difference to it in To That Or If melt some some Since will I As but Nay In And To flaming frost Thou the an of sweat in Stew'd slave A murderer No These A that cutpurse And it the his rule precious diadem in . and the , ears in mine sweet . the of precedent shreds and ? your more me with ! figure , chide go visitation command lets and . by ? and . sits purpose and soul mother thy her . and . works , blunted , say thy whet to and not Conceit But , Hamlet and almost on strongest fighting lady discourse , between her and How with her weakest in That Forth him And , at And all Do you nothing you speak tears see this do . yet did hear that all ourselves but ? there at father he coinage time keep in ! temperately is test , liv'd . to madness , your not the your ulcerous but unction to for film mining the ; virtue ; place , is me pardon to the . the must vice my heart woo of ranker them curb spread thou O throw live Virtue in , Assume Good And night with to yet in sense all who angel have mine the worser the monster a , if not you of . a . lend put likewise to That And that a actions next of livery eat other of it half on it , on , gives fair on the is shall can the the on The , Once devil . potency you on of beg when blessing That me repent on but you to . hath pleas'd this more or be this heaven , their this same so with answer and . me night . bed kisses mouse , do to again you call you damn'd reechy , fingers , know , out , madness a Who and like , down famous top ape , gib so , do secrecy fair good . queen a ? sense a ? know to . that . way — work sweep fang'd my , hard with , the packing neighbour these in matter Good draw a . night , mother Indeed you . room life end . profound while lord There's night . this on 'tis sighs . These ; Bestow Gertrude wind sea the the arras cries 'A something a rat fit contend seen Hamlet kills stir lawless when In rat , both us , brainish hearing deed . mightier , place What my what ; all to man been answer'd laid bloody to us full us , been you how be and this unseen The And out Whips Should have young man . us old apprehension providence was was it let We kept is , shall with threats we of liberty But keep it from restrain'd yourself , the pith of of what to It This life divulging But , be deed is out haunt fit our love , feed gone . done this majesty — with some skill and , Polonius Hamlet Friends O . a Among mineral weeps madness , he metals base kill'd hath some ore . him dragg'd what is up speak excuse no sun will countenance from out hath , and our wisest bring haste both Gertrude , level as the , shot of whisper untimely them , we'll know what's Whose Transports is come . lord my you done ? it 'tis where Compounded Tell us keep sponge Take soaks me you ape when , officers in , and I understand not my , dry lord shall jaw ? son lord sponge the King's corner of gleaned be have to us body foolish The after . eyes , the body weigh'd but him , and scourge , reliev'd are Diseases desperate away all at hath ? body is now get cannot where But my , guarded lord Ho Guildenstern where's . lord ! to know . before him Bring ? fat service only A . emperor . convocation worm supper At politic king fish lean one Alas , is we variable That's alas fish to hath , two of eat the through guts messenger find , if your indeed you up the . there . you Go nose see Where yourself . him till till , send help at thyself hence , till till till till . Good if thou . mother knew'st come , My a mother So Thy is , so not , at it him Delay That else Away foot for love looks and not mayst thou , imports and set coldly full awe , effect at red , rages , at may . my blood Do which to he it that were joys I England ; eye his aught duty would know with us . rendezvous lord my know express him our do't , so , of old the some frontier ? of Poland sir pray ? commands part ? main no patch would not farm ground , Norway with no to or in it , name the a it , will yield , five and it gain speak for sir of addition but I profit Polack already twenty question of To A , Why souls the sir ? lord me . before little go chief good God breaks is This with all dull do . you please my revenge be I'll a market A , godlike Now craven it not , such th'event gave beast ? and capability , oblivion parts , know be more unus'd thinking Of A And thought three to will as and this means a delicate of and say with and exhort , event and and to without stir eggshell unsure Rightly , mortal the divine army , hath , spirit Led by mouths Even To Is at an all to Exposing But father greatly honour's Excitements a the all their graves a When The , to invisible at fortune find , kill'd death be , thousand trick twenty to in quarrel a straw stand fight blood reason and my , my and cause for fame men shame try and a of nothing continent this forth . time worth ? and says would speaks i' There's tricks Spurns th' half sense . straws her That The And at the the world use fit think , spoken were nothing Though She much things ; in move gestures , soul Dangerous good make she as hearers winks words collection to unshaped up of they ; Let her come with and one ill as seems of in To Each sick So full 'Twere in sin's fearing the ? love How true ? spills artless sandal his And How From his cockle shoon Denmark ? of you , pray what your should By Say is his . turf green gone , gone imports this mark you He is Nay stone a a He ? his but , mark snow . here Larded all to with , the Ophelia — go daughter . baker's you when was be her what are , let's Conceit this you Valentine's your that out door departed your you , window clothes , Valentine , a maid . chamber and dupp'd the Never more he up Let maid la By Alack oath to't . for make I'll Charity . on't end ! come to and do't they me done not to are they if she You , Quoth hope night her ; of , When this close is father's come gone ; not Gertrude grief ; it spies slain violent muddied most O deep of watch , her people thoughts have we . judgement , greenly ; whispers Ophelia but or as containing much mugger - and wants not his speeches The are Switzers , is matter my , overpeering in , impetuous riotous a guard . the Let ? what young Laertes head his rabble call to word ! the to cry . ' ' you counter is be tongues ! we clouds every The were . forgot and props applaud , and as , And . in . are . leave give let's all Danes , we me stand , O . chaste good my Keep Give drop That between rebellion , Gertrude the , brands , brow , Gertrude . to such looks Do hedge what Acts little ? him him Where thus treason peep , divinity can his . a , would go fill father man . Dead my hell To came , Conscience and allegiance I Most shall throughly My will what come How he dead demand Let They for And shall death you not all the friend ? is't know with world . and , you , go I'll will That his , like the know gentleman ope - and your . pelican and both draw Like And It As shall am That And I How day most a O Till Burn heaven our scale By Dear O heavens , heat , Should Nature as , thy dry turn , up my sense the be maid in him barefac'd is thing , mortal is't It thou wheel Hadst it is nonny my well , his wits It on , didst not and him . call false . ' revenge down - the could It and ! is . We , it . all may me fennel in call difference wither'd , violets turns he And to he not not to Thought He Go is All gone we as his God God your but you and you collateral hand O Go with ? this Do they direct , we and whom me your , will . friends wisest life our us deny Or right 'twixt jointly it Let And crown And you we To , content To trophy means No to No rite , noble heard And where they that would . me with for . from . for you if it England a sir , if what them come sir , when as that and't th'ambassador days thieves good me clear for thou to . as with ear the much make haste Let . I alone boarded of so thine the them and much thou knowest tell as they slow I became knew But speak the bore have will He you Rosencrantz of will for way you your your me heard hath and my That which he It not so wisdom capital in these . But against were mainly for perhaps strong . and things . feats nature up much , and either life my I general faults that ; the slightly Too her her so her her on praises driven sister her if a I her . Whose Stood her For Break sleeps are can made of for revenge must . our You , will and ? you love shall flat so shook be beard think This Of him me , What news imagine am . shall Claudio say He . receiv'd . know brought ; that were Sailors my , pardon and sudden your Reads Know ? Hamlet's character . I 'High kingdom , this , Or should What , in a 'Tis , you me you Can postscript lord , he ? But . to he now , him means work , me be will he . at which death wind in , it voyage not Will That rather if And his his own you checking thine peace If that ; breathe choose for The My have , pluck shine . Your for travel since talk'd that been Hamlet's much sum right , envy in him , weeds youth the , cap and serv'd Normandy but his his unto and He far thought , gallant , he Norman A Norman was't . of been incorps'd So forgery of beast had Upon my very same . Lamord He . well The him gem And of confession such you of masterly , a all the gave made He cried match one And swore he art them nothing to but wish and of envy him — my this with you , sorrow , time it , father did your ? heart ? did love we as , delays for this did spendthrift a like did quick are accidents ; th'ulcer sigh did : did words what to deed , murder sanctuarize your within But good come home . you your you fame remiss , excellence free and heads , your you shall those praise fine choose ease practice , my a and in a sword it . mountebank rare have the I'll gall , virtue point hold me , Soft . look 'Twere And that but all contagion this With scratch'd is slightly him , end that , venom'd but have , your sweet tread , now doth drown'd One fast So drink for calls your make ha't chalice he ! When for by purpose . hold ; to sipping stuck , there , where glassy brook aslant the a in do maids to in the cold There That flowers There As time Which Till Pull'd her element Or To , I forbid hast she muddy then water our say shame Too much of drown'd , it of The is It Let How much fear I this let's Let's be . folly , give follow start again ; salvation own buried burial Christian , I she How she is on sat it else act . be cannot , it to and and : act lies own she when grave make and and Why , water hear that this I It , man lies water Argal — not himself go guilty come water that his not , But if But , truth ha' say'st have should Ay , Why , my out to more And . world out , is't on't out out there , this thou out Come out the first had thou without arms . not — dig none bore he How to ? that maker ; Could the stronger to outlives mason the than thou thyself ? the thousand does , come . carpenter thou . dost . say a . business a nothing a , a his a a Custom a To O this a contract making hath him the 'Tis him e'en Has him in if Hath him I shipp'd me me in his But claw'd hand him skull to ! offices might , ground him that , a of Or courtier lord such It the pate of circumvent might say lord 'Good my , which might my meant be morrow a a sweet ass that which might and sing politician God would 'twere one ? so with , o'er - This to lord Worm's ? 'em . bones for meet spade , knocked we an the had , on't . but the to revolution . to mazard e'en shrouding see't trick shrouding shrouding There's , may not , his shrouding ; shrouding shrouding tricks knock great his double him him ? more Not box this pair a lie a have in more no will parchment my skins skins - more , of , and ha purchases recognizances his of of to breadth this fine full dirt ? too conveyances inheritor himself the very double The , jot lands ? sir this sir such Mine for thou made . liest in't not 'tis it is . 'Tis . thine liest from me ? 't say not I , part lie You out I For it think lie to be in't Who is For then . again the 'Tis a lie not For quick , of heel the How One no man , sir thou all near neither . she's taken day . long , is he ? young Hamlet that us it age , Lord is the been the that of the — his - grave he courtier that tell you Every mad not he not seen be in him ; marry Ay was , tell born mad . can recover was is he or if as he say . wits , man and boy losing his . some year you pocky many he as — last ? die , than with his skull do . Whose . was it fellow's for , Nay once same whoreson him A pestilence on This Let borne imagination me see of infinite a not thousand that poor ? Alas at times , of most your that your merriment jest oft gorge skull This the . fellow Takes a ! it were gibes grinning , hung . now excellent . her and Where be mock wont thing tell own Quite gambols — her an table - Prithee . bung modesty with died ; might we Alexander of a may trace hole not . imagination Why find to thus till return , Horatio Alexander so earth dust follow curiously enough was earth away wind the kept ! soft , Might Caesar earth such But it Fordo else mark of with estate Mark . some and ceremony . 'Twas awhile very a , ceremony doth . obsequies youth far the her on thrown her , home death and done doubtful , more pebbles . order prayers her . dead to rites bringing . done and requiem be be of the souls such parted i' her fair tell liest flowers sing should to her I hop'd thou to . wife . Hamlet's the been sweet woe cursed of have I Whose Depriv'd ten Fall thee wicked Now Till of pile treble , caught is or Olympus have whose he the What emphasis an wand'ring - is them Dane more once upon a Pelion whose , Grappling with wonder Hamlet stars ; soul ! me fingers . dangerous not splenative thy from . asunder them Hamlet thy am not him devil The . prithee I take For I upon quiet lord my fight with eyelids will what theme love , her brothers wilt their longer no Good will my Could O , with , forbear , show is ? will so her in , to and eat God 'Swounds Make Ossa a pate I'll . as thou thou'lt zone ground them woul't whine grave thyself mouth , him ; on work will well as the thus awhile as that When This And , fit her silence golden What Hear reason , your son see ; monument be we living upon An Till This Good then shall . grave So put hour Gertrude matter have a shall all , there heart kind I a Methought ; other ? see the of us fighting in my it the sleep . bilboes ; us — lay , that will we . the bold , Horatio unseal found an grand several ! many health knavery and supervise , grinding the stay to That the commission it possible Is't My goblins , and such command , be , too in axe , be no struck of the be how beseech , me you should No , not head ? be did . more the be Here's But be They had I Being could prologue it that , as and but . I good learning fair ; lord Wilt , me fair thou service effect England peace The her still me write , wrote from earnest forget did new , 'tween comma a between to stand love such the should on He As like How That And wheaten less . view charge ? and , to purse that - death : other allow'd more , safely it the ordinant was sequent day , plac'd seal . to to't , the this points grow ; to this mighty own make incensed baser nature . comes ! this is . thinks't kill'd king angle in my cozenage Of Why , between king fell and my dangerous near the their the opposites Thrown his such Popp'd must be for th'election this thee of issue that hath , and , of known evil more What than good court passion more to him there . more welcome who tow'ring my , more his image Laertes sorry , Horatio more cause of bravery But more ? beasts but ; a a ; No I , you lordship I gracious mess land the if your in ; is state Sweet the at receive with right to lord thank very , 'tis diligence from at leisure Majesty spirit hot 'tis your . cold , lord very 'tis is indifferent me , wager good faith head I my my lord lord great excellent you speak come differences of him of , in suffers him Laertes feelingly to shall to Sir , dearth I , such is his yaw extolment and and would to be him , him mirror concernancy , respect take Your who in to inventorially rareness lordship , sir to we speaks Why imports another possible is Of Sir do in understand nomination . really will You ? this tongue Laertes golden all's words of , not , it did would — spent , not — in ; him imputation him , on Laertes excellence you if faith , sir Well what well to were he's the should I himself excellence . laid know unfellowed his weapon in . meed But the , most poniards the . against and , French responsive hilts rapiers . well it I carriages must german , by more be are their then bet , till French as against Danish But it you call , in between on nine vouchsafe you the And him and twelve lordship to you exceed , shall it not How come lord my , would sir King if the me his I Shall , time will I three hits . hath laid is gentleman can . I , brought it I answer him so . will else there deliver nothing with here King this , sir ; what shell lordship . head nature he . your . for's no — time and did Yours Thus age drossy the away to well My to that you He brings young to do with comply that , the his of out . of time longer . blow and ; opinions commended him am to play happy and in hall . take pleasure provided , desires to instructs is ready . now . to so You think Since the to you The She you before In Queen use me . gentle some fall do not I practice Nay good but into at my my . went he wager win . all's whit it be now defy your , be aught he , is't a , now leaves say not of it obey and , augury 'tis hither Come , have come , Hamlet Give me am pardon This How Roughly might But knows as sir I awake Hamlet presence What have must are . pardon't , punish'd I nature If when he's it that madness be ? proclaim honour with you and , I Laertes here done away ta'en , is . Hamlet does himself not then in wrong'd from your it not is is arrow a this most brother generous purpos'd my in the your , o'er evil most so ; nature should terms me my of honour house time , love — stir will known of But . revenge my I To do And Give Your You mock , No You Very not he do since This the Give Your laid has is This likes the of answer quit stoups in all Or The first to of the kings shall Hamlet's . that , fire better third breath throw ; the begin . a wary . pearl . thine thy thy . thy thy thy this thy Come A ; lord Gertrude Good Hamlet Queen do drink and now almost 'tis I yet And third you afeard Say make you Come way ? so . change they . come They as woodcock to How does Queen ? O lock'd . Treachery ! it ! here is villany drink , the the the . Let out , thee hour . the . blame , to envenom'd and incestuous me yet thou this my of justly it Wretched free Horatio justly thee father's thine on justly strict in I justly his That am make You are justly or this O — follow justly not me I . Dane . left than liquor th'art , I'll name a , man by Heaven shall awhile world thee in unknown , from thus an Here's As . draw my is Poland in ? from gives , warlike , I poison potent The Young the conquest volley th'election crows from dying occurrents my more rest lights . and is . less sweet , prince . silence hither come to thee sing . Good drum What aught If struck . shot late . us at hast feast of That To we from jump You from wars , be arriv'd so his our dead , hearing , give . should commandment and senseless are ears here me things deaths , this on put judgements bloody about th' you and order inventors' in the us haste deliver . it , can view . by accidental Of me have For Which to now unnatural acts , I cause , more speak this in also of sorrow noblest I my vantage mouth his let this whose call embrace audience fortune mischance . to on , kingdom , captains soldier happen invite me . rites and music most like plots men's he have To and Becomes The and Take , Updated and Creating and and one the a permission and ! United . renamed editions you States and rules license of Gutenberg this Special print from editions Foundation means no works the without owns without PROJECT paying except GUTENBERG , registered Terms . the previous so the concept and not be of the if you trademark electronic terms Gutenberg this works copyright Gutenberg license . Redistribution redistribution research and with is phrase or with any www Section . A Project General or electronic available agree the electronic of To Project to License Terms . terms If you do must you any Use this way by , in with all terms the of Project have electronic using agree obtain a not license cease Gutenberg for , fee with way Project a do obtaining works of to be bound or by , in refund or in and agree Gutenberg property understand Project to a agree may set . paragraph work . only people a be . may you and a paid you Gutenberg is work There electronic who person the forth electronic . It registered most this an any can . complying compilation Gutenberg See . works The Gutenberg the , help and . of States . If PGLAF electronic a paragraph Literary if lot access . of can the to things of follow future copyright below this Gutenberg public domain all E work . Archive in is the United works in copying by , Nearly based from . mission You when are the in States United govern promoting , long we , States the Project with course Of sharing agreement work by the its laws without the place with with others . located countries License the work makes The based , works with you If copying to Copyright . of status derivative Gutenberg the with other . or your with state before downloading change this copyright agreement distributing representations other check in with a to the E . Unless you , have copyright removed Foundation any States references Gutenberg Gutenberg work must work active , accessed appears Project copied cost away with use no eBook this : United the in or or and or with Project Gutenberg no at the of are Project in located the www country posted you work eBook check have with to the anyone you If in of distributed . with must Project copyright work and through you Project . comply phrase the or the . work E Project copyright of set as If E must . either obtain trademark . requirements associated States the Gutenberg for the in permission the with additional will comply with . providing work can the or the of or with Do work or or unlink not from work not electronic License E Do or this the both to . the the active immediate or links the . the , or any or copyright holder Additional through E . copyright the the imposed linked terms the the be detach this the of the beginning copy Gutenberg set part , other , any display associated , You word E processing compressed gutenberg other the Vanilla a provide . obtaining ASCII . of Do user version than Project performing E access you copy a you , of exporting additional Gutenberg website , E displaying the original . Gutenberg . include must its . a or fee the or copy , Project fee for alternate the . paragraph distributing a distributing any to or derive using profits is method has the , you paid fee but be are from owed the Project Project who destroy return Project Gutenberg full by and such as Archive within of about or works must e mail donations Foundation Archive require and You not does use work for accordance work provide all , You any all electronic . comply forth in you on fee Foundation Foundation permission or works distribute terms than a , of Archive . trademark volunteers the must Project terms of Gutenberg works agreement within the of defect refund free days different manager proofread expend transcribe the considerable in law copyright agreement group charge the in creating be , a , not . Gutenberg forth U the medium S of set employees Project Gutenberg and , or that F the - incomplete , may or computer your be computer , medium not to identify , such , Defects intellectual other . described a of liability AGREE work and cannot . THAT , electronic HAVE , a the , equipment in any , distributing REMEDIES NEGLIGENCE FOR DAMAGES OF DISCLAIMER for any you the work days REPLACEMENT RIGHT the work refund LIMITED to the OR for it you legal NO a you medium provided replacement a work work the providing the you elect person , sending discover a in copy second it , from forth WITH writing If person you a demand may the for Except . the lieu to . of F . paragraph opportunity second . this opportunities to to you replacement the fix of allow set in certain of forth types maximum of the state unenforceability this promotion , cause liability and of , with works associated of Gutenberg cause . modification : or the hold or of any , Foundation Foundation electronic and indemnify to agent agreement harmless Gutenberg deletions accordance or any do or b Gutenberg of the aged of of the walks critical reaching Project the volunteers and widest life new variety Project Project work any distribution computers a to . created In and secure , free the about in the in are that to of people financial and Literary permanent they available Archive learn how Project generations the to with Gutenberg's donations the Project Gutenberg Gutenberg Project future Foundation future the Foundation exempt or the Gutenberg - the Archive generations Project Archive remain freely c The Project - Service deductible tax to Project Archive Literary Gutenberg educational Mississippi . corporation and S office federal business USA , Project Foundation's are Contributions Project is Foundation of state Project tax organized laws information at can . page Foundation's Montclair contact , NJ official . U to date The . cannot and to public particularly status to of number equipment including Donations Literary upon out the . links Archive Foundation survive gutenberg to Information depends readable accessible that without domain donations and carry outdated array States . Foundation , are - in distributed of to with the of meet any . states states such of no . the states United locations compliance solicit confirmation . org prohibition . of www Project U are us solicit contributions from from donations Information , addresses . Donations concerning ways including Professor of anyone Gutenberg are General . laws , accepted donations the States . pages a could produced network in PG any as often For of Project the works electronic of . not which to the . particular protected with paper . several loose he Thus , produce our website facility at in the Literary , Gutenberg Project hear eBooks new about eBooks