Stand , Stand answer Nay Long Stand there ? Stand Stand . Stand Stand Stand . sick guard ? bitter heart . Dane . Who . Friends I hear to rivals The think , And you Barnardo O has Give , soldier . you who good - night ! Give is there him Horatio A what honest , hath reliev'd of nothing again , piece this Welcome , has I 'tis sight this That our to of have not speak and eyes , Tush And With approve to us What Well Sit tush may if Therefore us fortified , story . we have our awhile down once nights That so let two And hear Barnardo star Last night , let same yond made The In same , Peace break the Looks like scholar King me Question it What ; with which Together art sometimes Did Stay It offended heaven charge now Horatio will and and You speak is . stalks charge answer ? away not ! not and Of ! mine own like the ! very art the it the ! God Before not , Without was th'ambitious thou frown'd twice before He martial the once when on ; had . jump gone by this Polacks 'Tis , hath thought This When he , and sledded strange stalk at . that observant me to of I know opinion my knows land with inform - joint the can I me this from shipwrights daily strict subject labourer make What this the Thereto For , even That so . last us Norway , his , moiety , Fortinbras the a , and world by ; Fortinbras ratified with the our of , design'd young same here resolutes , full , to , by the of Hamlet the Shark'd in Hath . sir , enterprise other there in't of , unto stomach doth to But And Is lost our motive this post it So of - and other be that our sort through question of the , hand , of dead , King the portentous . sheeted and mightiest in trouble to the of precurse fates . blood mind's eye Rome fell state the Julius . events demonstrated countrymen like on , fierce with the and the doomsday moist and empire star earth , eclipse again illusion , earth earth earth avoid , fate to comes of , voice , earth done me ! earth . or me , earth Speak happily hast the uphoarded , Or , treasure Stop , spirits you Stay at I Shall Which they it , it my . it strike of of thy life death ! being violence , here was our To We it It Whether the Doth For vain the show , malicious trumpet I a the like when the air blows fearful his , cock Awake faded The say on 'gainst celebrated long stir , or comes season , Saviour's that planets power wholesome say bird then are they of no singeth Wherein So So Break have Walks This we consent our Unto needful Let's Where do't in pray find conveniently . I our with it ? him , what have seen morning Laertes of Cornelius The Do duty fitting , we , I shall most Voltemand Hamlet our , Attendant that brow us and of with ; joy a better For . eye dropping one , which know dole young our thanks , worth of weak by brother's out we delight and this , sorrow wisest as , Th'imperial Together mirth equal wisdoms affair to in Taken Your Now Or not hath With With In one we Have scale auspicious weighing nor herein freely you . wife , with Now our Lost by Our Holding follows for , Of Who Norway the his He is of , to you nephew's proportions and here , in all the that is levies scarcely , is power these business , further personal duty scope is old Voltemand are we rid young this for and we , to dispatch is , allow commend will and your dilated this of is bearers further His gait lists herein : made Norway our ? duty Laertes , the not , What . with is't speak cannot us now it We show whence leave What wouldst Dread thou Your my have Laertes thy mouth Laertes ? heart my favour your them I done , willingly bend gracious leave Polonius slow must Have you lord , leave says pardon , toward What me my go consent , kind less you Laertes ! last at hard thine son Laertes sun . Laertes , Denmark than and Laertes Hamlet than time , kin that , Laertes Laertes my cousin on Laertes lives eternity ever not common noble with to . Laertes lids die the . particular If , thee ? must . seems forc'd , good know common is . These , the indeed . haviour fruitful suspiration madam 'Tis Together For These but I That with all denote are these in your your Hamlet , show woe some , persevere course But father duties they father Of impious you and That To it Why should the know must peevish to opposition sense to a fault theme nature common , grief term , impatient ; note , today bears intent son the and he who a died still our vulgar we Fie , cried fault heaven to common We woe unprevailing the And , must first , till let , to throw earth , of think , that Do It we cheer all I shall , in thee I a , stay her our of , to our Wittenberg : to that unforc'd Denmark not , son Hamlet . reply come Hamlet drinks clouds the earthly away again grace . shall of in , O flat slaughter all me weary How ! uses flesh today heaven thunder melt ! and , the Oh ! on't , so to in O garden world dew solid too too this that O Thaw itself . God ! of rank not the to of on nature — mother my to winds , face remember As By Let A — on might beteem king her two Possess Fie to fie seed , heaven grown , two earth , hang had ; satyr a to That , fed it what , Must , not , nor incestuous speed sheets to good . eyes I must post tears with — tongue heart the Hercules . most in to come her dexterity for hold my , to well myself your , lordship . my Wittenberg with ? from Horatio , Good — lord sir see faith , funeral you father's student . came , I your is what I think , not do mock my , bak'd meats . see I father funeral Horatio my dearest The marriage follow'd wedding mother's upon that lord the foe lord in king again think look I like all all . Horatio goodly ? mind's ? Season With attent your The lord , He a not , I ? My for father an Two Goes By Almost dumb their them A waste point love me gentlemen . let and nights For Been and Armed slow Appears at night comes are . each word knew more Form And I to , lord head and yet did up it did once ; away 'Tis vanish'd it our lord duty true ; crew cock do sound then even And let as like , from loud sight . in . tonight BARNARDO lord , do We Arm'd Hold , To And I we From , from , the Indeed watch ? me troubles this up head saw countenance What he wore ? in . anger . eyes pale ? there amaz'd Very I would one when Longer While , like have was will sable . warrant I beard , will walk tonight it noble hell pray you , conceal'd sight this I hitherto have it bid though shall peace you watch 'twill father's . gape person should all , still loves visit you 'twixt Give And And whatsoever understanding . silence no tongue my assume If loves I will the your tenable requite an it to mine my foul some duty your to arms : o'erwhelm them men's eyes . the earth father's doubt . come , as , me from not you let is assistant , And necessaries hear My But convoy , For the Do and a you doubt ? his toy a , favour in of trifling that , more . more but No in and blood fashion the suppliance youth , of of lasting ; not nature waxes , not more permanent and so does no . and now fear , not loves No crescent nor but to whole will subject as ; himself he He The may choice and The he the himself his so His For of virtue for sanctity And not for of this his do be , on Then his your the Unto is Than Then lose in chariest danger is enough . moon the 'scapes itself unmask your with If Or strokes . my unmaster'd his it , voice Denmark goes withal his your fear heart ear honour list chaste treasure may you the The If The Be Contagious blastments and infants your rear to beauty not the then galls oft And to as steep a Do Whilst Himself As Youth itself to , good good to treads rede O recks a . father me double grace second a stay I me my heart not some puff'd own shame sail . the . Occasion here Yet are stay'd sits , smiles Laertes blessing long , double ? is There precepts Give these character any familiar , thou thou thy his no thought thoughts blessing , of for dull with no memory your aboard , in , with tried adoption hoops with comrade in , Beware act tongue vulgar means of unfledg'd ; may ear thy , man and lender best may not in chief few steel but of thy can beware , may , of the proclaims rich ; gaudy may may , be any man day true may may rank generous fancy apparel in oft loses select France in habit thy express'd not take blessing : to the Neither the and thine , dulls all both itself own be as of edge loan above And For it And Farewell humbly The invites do Farewell 'Tis I . the said ; you my . well . late bounteous and ; you free and he Farewell Ophelia is't . very he time be in it is so audience your way He hath speak like circumstance you should call affection lord his of You his Unsifted Marry That you ! What Which are have my — sterling teach know I'll you ; true a with , go to poor phrase . baby think yourself dearly love , know , of woodcocks these heat vows than promise honourable hath In fashion to my to countenance almost given hath more not tongue their how : scanter with may believe And they ; suits is This . implorators in charge I words to't Look Have , I to I Do you my come with any terms slander , beguile would As lord . air is shrewdly The bites . twelve ? very it season . walk wont It tonight and doth King it . rouse down bray draughts triumph kettle The No , of , his the drains he as it , draws his takes wassail The Wherein the wake drum custom pledge it Keeps More They our The oft it marrow , drunkards traduc'd That By some them phrase takes swinish observance , reason these the manners plausive they or be stamp — much of defect , men , one star , of censure may as Fortune's livery , o'ergrowth in fault as — man dram . take . noble his it comes ! defend blasts , hell , us health goblin questionable thee , call shape charitable a wicked heaven or or of . ignorance , I'll in but sepulchre ! me tell from damn'd ! Hamlet , death hearsed the , of of our the we in ; and this mean quietly What again steel , nature ? should we it , did ? courteous action with removed . go It And waves again it follow to fee ? do ? itself of the the , cliff his summit flood lord a life at sea the into as . reason , of into fathoms , body ; fate not . artery cries petty each My . a ghost Unhand I'll . Go ! on — desperate waxes thus . me gentlemen lion's in me him what To By I , call'd am , with in Heaven Nay 'tis rotten . Have , him is after ; follow issue state . I'll , Speak will I lead My Mark Whither I When to , hour render thou wilt me Speak walk that , the foul purg'd tale I burnt and crimes unfold whose their from , prison , am day term What , spirit , to secrets my away thy fast , done of confin'd a soul particular like stars hair the ever . freeze locks to young not , spheres , list , father , be porpentine stand must on . murder — and ! God foul his this foul Murder , to sweep find I Murder But me most itself in so know , my of thy . did but that Now forged process soul ! uncle his , Denmark orchard my in with that , shameful to seeming off his have virtuous - the , sting wears my O gifts of a shape as radiant , heaven never were with was hand marriage and falling won , witchcraft , of wit wicked of to seduce So O I me To those Though mine . sate And prey in a a it in to I always . celestial garbage the vial , my . Sleeping scent of hebenon of cursed porches , enmity smooth tetter . eager like thin I most The And a gates in it of a - All sleeping by Thus Cut off blood and , loathsome , into droppings vile blossoms , hand brother's queen on to unanel'd the in my my account sin horrible ! bear ; be Denmark it dispatch'd , crust my of at , of lodge , be Remember fire ; old , else instant my What Hold . O ! adieu . adieu uneffectual thee her her Fare his that the matin ! heart ? Remember thee memory fond there ; heaven down it a observation villain by , observation villain word observation , brain shall observation I and , is smile may have , observation so , Yes . woman and observation my . my . MARCELLUS sworn't and lord him . lord , come secure Lord Within . be , noble ! Good No Not , my it Denmark all . the right . this you ; To right so , as , I hold And fit without that and hath man is Look shake we and shall hands more as it are you point the you ; at and all circumstance desire business for words my ; Horatio , vision me is and , And what now soldiers tell let will We . between Touching , know request lord are you to honest desire as you make and . scholars me Give What Never , I faith my . stage thou sayst the , you , boy so ? the of speak to . my by sword . our . cellarage have sword . you my , oath seen upon , you fast . come . Horatio But you . philosophy heaven , old ! work , worthy O of your stranger is this more and help disposition hereafter soe'er or strange Than And and A Well pioner Canst There night , they would' , note not , 'There me do . you need : or ; ambiguous aught we pronouncing or So of at your . Swear Swear thus That grace Or know' put I an to rest Rest all And perturbed mercy and you With do shall a I , May Or 'If we still what t'express your is was not lack spirit . go I cursed . man as you ; gentlemen , Hamlet friending me to in pray . notes do , Of you marvellous . inquiry him visit lord well me , what at question and and , do my encompassment know particular and what Look it By , how Marry My Before shall are sir make well and distant , you him' , well my this friends lord may you , will , father And so , him Addicted Ay part thus As But noted and him ' , in Take Than as 'twere 'And sir What forgeries very dishonour ; ' mean such , if't part he I say very put , usual so far and swearing . and . that of , liberty , As are and , wild and known . most and may season would gaming and drabbing You may charge quaintly and ; him — of faults so , mind , a that . know do Of and flash The believe sir is fetch my would I , And it a thing th' , son i' sullies I laying lord a 'twere Marry Wherefore But good ever in guilty you him , these lord this drift , be prenominate in converse you this the , does he or ; so 'friend leave something about I . good By Very you breathe closes According mass my lord the so about — I And to ' He then , falling with the , marry say , 'gentleman ay and rouse , you now ; bias me indirections windlasses of brothel such this assays , have lecture and of and directions house a , lord . not . advice ? I find with tennis' gaming There was a bait Videlicet 'I saw Your you son thus falsehood wisdom him former forth so or , By by . takes God b' My And Well Farewell ply . my music shall let sewing name in as , doublet God chamber foul'd , ankle , his , each purport knocking look had shirt if of horrors for Mad , I speak he a been so piteous ? before of in to hell , loosed - his out comes thy his gyved me truly of thus the other with draw such he face ; arm , and mine stay'd up arm all of so sigh . shatter piteous That seem little bulk me turn'd lets shoulder without eyes , on their his his he his , my all Long his He , a of . head his — a thus to over he will doors to For being profound , me King desperate under itself any passion him natures but repel His I you lord , afflict our to the oft my I meant not That did I quoted that better he beshrew to proper But fear'd him his did but and heed our our my did . trifle we . King the utter . discretion grief it is which than kept younger , him seems am cast lack had wreck is as sort close go , Come . ourselves the To must dream than father's was death th'understanding . young I , of brought with both , himself of to days . th'exterior . much ; we transformation the inward man up ; put by ; thus his and your in so vouchsafe on him cannot I ; That aught to , afflicts to pleasures ; him may occasion so rest neighbour'd to it ; from your here youth , glean our gather . thus , please living within there talk'd our you from two To To Good As your time are of have you into majesties your Both expend , he adheres more I sure As Your and show gentlemen whom To supply he For visitation a sovereign power more both commanded . the , entreaty in freely be and Guildenstern at Rosencrantz ourselves To To up We pleasures . us Than to visit . Hamlet presence helpful to practices . my him our . and still Th'ambassadors my my Hunts of first admittance , or . them in feast or . I this King soul my so gracious of have or else or or — think not very us'd the trail Hamlet's or do — be shall news or do long I ; great th'ambassadors that distemper . Norway appear'd suppress to the 'gainst to he brother . main marriage sift ! Well , Welcome first , what of my Voltemand His be nephew's our That Fortinbras his better fair Most sickness he from your in borne falsely Receives give vow arms ; uncle arms Norway old your arms dominions please entreaty therein of this arms are likes set arms at And arms , our more think upon home arms feast business time to what and business Most at and for you thank , This My Were day , but day liege Therefore What be , ended expostulate is is , and , duty of and noble else madness , soul the Your limbs brevity the brief it matter But to let , with that I true no 'tis , mad Madam , For remains effect say this have — the defective and the obedience and — cause this no art . figure effect defect Perpend , mine , she and most , soul's this her duty . Now gather the , my you shall hear 'beautified' . stay To I have a me and from Hamlet madam celestial , the the fire , best most I liar move sun to numbers this O daughter show'd more in Doubt But at doubt hath , whilst be thou Good Doubt Doubt am love dear fell how given , she All by time means , is I . his mine obedience believe art him ? of what honourable think might by my hath above you and you so man do of ear ? and solicitings receiv'd , you think here , desk love daughter a think look'd Or As had When fain I 'Lord should lock receive young And This Which If Or might my ? No queen table and , what me told , to - the play'd or , I did bespeak dumb of star : idle , And must a , into he thence — That not is prince out precepts resort . her , to — make my weakness , so ' know that prov'd otherwise ''Tis I'd likely time positively it Not I been have know . will there I If is Within sometimes the four ? I were centre this find . may How You be otherwise hours , love an . a no If he . to time not me Let So I'll for And look We But . her not . sadly the , give me . a carters . away wretch lord ? man honest lord I you , my I Not , my Lord How Do world my . You me a God - goes thousand ten were are know Excellent this breed Honest a lord . man picked — a of . be you Friend look Yet gone , he good , blessing not as being for suffered a daughter He extremity harping daughter carrion . to't is love ; What on . you do , lord my . very far but . lord . lord , who ? have . What that slave plentiful wit . grey ? you are faces matter . says my and . you thus most lack though , go , honesty crab it method powerfully mean read ; have which satirical wrinkled a I men — sometimes his which my . am , madness often that you Though , their they that All should I . be this Will that could contrive out is ! Indeed , be the . lord . in't the How on leave you . and reason and . part Aside will me life my except , honourable suddenly are You withal , go lord My friends good excellent To You Rosencrantz ! we Fortune's in that lads On . Happy As the Nor her privates we news true ? middle . she favours ? honest grown is question hands . are one Denmark there which think being ; one , then thinking could it , ambition a in it To ; 'tis , have count myself dreams the a a for ; but merely God , infinite dreams ambitious indeed is shadow's a but ambition is shadow , are that not were the We'll ROSENCRANTZ to will . GUILDENSTERN my I , fay my light shadow monarchs For ? court th' , and so shadows Then we friendship , most of . But for by outstretch'd ; attended Elsinore ? occasion other And not you sent . thank Were there ; sent Queen lord ; You my , say sent were which King what know I the your the To teach the consonancy our me Come ? dear , too should What , conjure , dear a by obligation proposer better , by , more youth ? the what let by preserved , you - must withal , I or you me , of good . love you If . for were . I have all forgone your all moult with mirth so to seems and it lost my heavily promontory brave , in reason why my pestilent ; admirable the action of , o'erhanging ; this how beauty this is what : noble and sterile a , this of , so nor me god neither , thoughts , to , yet you fire air roof me in form a , angel , of thing other in Man apprehension is man , no to seem smiling was then laugh My lord dust of delights and moving , how . by did Why world ? though are , there such no when stuff in delights my said We . I coming to you from shall shall you if make to wont chances it inhibition by means , in . lungs his end his part tickle blank verse of the such Their was travel profit estimation so both residence tragedians . and ways of in was in innovation I did followed they indeed ? Do they pace are out cry These that they . and quills top there dare scarce come ? do the nation holds say not ? escoted they wearing that they thither on as it Will players writers on , in the money on wrong on . on load . his give twenty Denmark , on 'Sblood forty , could . philosophy find come . too my for his uncle father than more my for him strange at in a hundred ; very , is something mouths Gentlemen , you is extent , father like and lord ? than You . The comply I - wind . my When . is - and , entertainment what In mad - be hawk north west is not you his players 'twas the them , each gentlemen hearer swaddling they an Mark to . you have lord , for me of come to twice say old man — indeed you . my lord . on my , Monday come Buzz I have tell hither , an in actor tell Rome — poem the historical history , or men hadst Plautus scene are the , tragical , individable too only ! thou . ' he he ? he that daughter more my , he he which he Am Jephthah , I he . not Aside Nay then , most you more . was . where thee I when Masters my voice , like heaven God ring falconers , French within chopine in is . Pray the a . straight , passionate my Come cracked ladyship a I . Denmark us . give speech acted the fly . a young you of pleased mine as much an , it , once play it , but ? was , for matters speech one , much more called handsome there , in was a me heard , not above once general But set the cried scenes but by chiefly memory Hath he When Black The loved begin at it an honest fine Dido to slaughter let Priam's line , it : of Pyrrhus whose the dismal more he fathers , total and gules , horridly , mothers and grandsire proceed you carbuncles Old With To their And , base to Th'unnerved Stoops his , him antique it match'd and . of strikes blow For the tyrant , will th'air to to i' seem'd ear Priam a against some nothing his . drives to But father with at falls wind , a hideous with lo milky stick stood . still , top crash flaming painted , speechless death ; new , stand orb anon him Cyclops' Pyrrhus' than remorse less On A But as as So Doth rend the region the , general , Aroused armour did sets As see , falls spokes the all As the winds as Out Break bowl barber's out He's jig This with tale on the for And too thou strumpet Fortune away to synod down long sleeps too , from fellies to Hecuba or — too . the queen' too ? that head . too Say , your bawdry too late Who had the th'alarm seen , diadem up good threat'ning her , and pronounc'd malicious caught loins for in this 'Gainst But burst mortal The Unless And milch made have not has out the this time Good . hear you have he , where When instant with . you for death bodikin 'scape , Use them they less lord your I you . is your . desert them . honour dignity . bounty a hear . Dost , My , should thou him my friend better old ha't We'll , Ay . for I , could a down need of him Ay you would which mock look lord not set , Can ? you leave I'll You Guildenstern in't . not you my that . Good till Follow are and Now ! am lord my , welcome good , of slave alone . player passion here I ; this to . b' , a in his eyes , his in's aspect suiting ! conceit wan'd he passion , her What cue for the and her he do all her for function would stage ; tears Hecuba , her would and with ? Hecuba For to should her he What's Had he Hecuba That her defeat was whose villain Am not her pate coward a , appal speech , peak my of . amaze unpregnant most . ignorant the A John The very dull and muddy Upon can by as , the me the Plucks Tweaks Ha As damn'd calls nose I To I , ass ! most dear am But Who and breaks in villain or is kites ere , region lack ! with ! a play , soul the Foh my of by - scullion A the my ! cursing upon't of creatures organ I'll no very About That guilty have that presently malefactions tongue blench observe . have miraculous They quick I'll the it their heard , speak ! I will . players ; looks course be is Out As T'assume May More than I'll me I'll know relative the this damn to I'll such yea and . The the drift puts Abuses does With He Get from confess with question demands disposition our ? reply forcing like he would But Niggard , raught And We his certain these kind him . Did so did hear But it in I , assay have to see and beseech'd ; you on there to most my all And heart me they ; true about court , Majesties much delights . the , think he him give my lord 'Tis play And Good your entreat hear With hear on edge further to shall , sent these closely That so We sent And may bestow gather by Affront him sent for Hamlet's sent sent sent you That show , here , wish Ophelia cause . obey shall both to so honours . again , book do to . sugar this this please in o'er exercise may , conscience helps thing to the beautied , lash . not my devil The much — devotion's blame visage art . my give painted ! most withdraw plastering speech it that burden . be of outrageous — of is ! O him To Devoutly That heart - perchance that of death dream wish'd When For in to the by end by No , to be sleep . heir ache ; and take arms is , opposing And more The For who That have to Must would of office quietus the man's scorns and proud these , delay spurns , law's his Who himself he bare To And makes traveller and of love the , wrong oppressor's The The When , the not we will know bourn death whose have , and puzzles weary , ills of of cast Soft now all us you orisons thought resolution pith their of Ophelia ! action my sins for all your for lord , a for - to for yours . did sweet right you never of for lord , words more them things with you you I deliver . for remembrances I have pray made Take these for My for honour'd I I longed long No As ; Rich gave breath well their unkind ? and fair gifts if Could beauty , you ha ! My your of will , than should your fair honest be it sometime force beauty your lordship honesty ; to your the bawd was proof . a love once me I your beauty have , should You your Indeed it Ay lord power likeness truly me was than lord I not I , very of I of so cannot of you believe you . time am beck sinners more as in to thoughts . What in , mother I so . inoculate made for that We knaves ambitious , put honest Why I nunnery to it shall the yet could a than me . earth I borne not had , should arrant a thou accuse breeder with imagination fellows believe give at crawling my have things such . your I do shape home doors Let are them upon them marry I'll as ; fool to chaste men give him O be him . a for If as O of heard another heavenly you , him and enough God you wantonness your you given one it God's marriages no paintings yourselves . Those ! thou plague snow : too you needs escape for if thee wise , shall have to nunnery face . Go no lisp , The O live on't your and I'll rest Th'observ'd That sweet form . jangled out most tune woe what I sword , do he Love His spake what it There's in way , the form a his prevent to England , tribute speed neglected for hatch that not on . the , affections have tend soul ? thus different shall danger determination brood sits melancholy doubt : it matter and the set Thus Haply heard We tell My it queen all And and origin us . said Hamlet Lord what fit please the him , How of do I grief , or she her mother so all hold . grief plac'd best must great Madness in shall If confine find be . their England ones the in for ; pray shall not do , you players passion O fellow a tear of pronounced but all many , you , it as lines it you tongue the town - crier you if , a may may as I to and It to passion who it the air too to it groundlings . the split o'erstep soul . very I have are , rags not Suit body off , unskilful , this the in players be , image nature , both up and , your the have speak the highly must it the the that — overdone cannot allowance to the strutted made pagan , well the and — profanely Christian the , hope of , neither play the reform'd imitated , there the mirror to nature age gait made that spectators them speak will laugh then . clowns your be . make shows barren play sir . Go most of and , be lord fool . altogether it than themselves too considered Will the and this hear Queen though is to down reform , be the Will And Bid you . to the We ho lord GUILDENSTERN . service your What , art conversation lord thou , my ROSENCRANTZ what my dear from thy I may Why For and , e'er e'en cop'd lord I withal ; but think flatter good spirits , flatter'd . a . pomp the the of her men hinges of knee been thou her choice election all . that And . blood Since may dear could And thrift of man , one that Where my crook ? hast advancement candied the soul for with so pipe , slave please thanks buffets a she , Something . stop As fawning follow co - are rewards and thee Hath are are they seal'd are In are Whose That As my heart's judgement my will wear circumstance King heart are those mingled a near comes are thee it thee thou him foul face ; are his If rivet our to Give imaginations have thy , death of have when uncle my Vulcan's I censure will stithy . will both eyes For after In And he to the , you play I a place play lord seeming that unkennel damned my my Well detecting my . the , my Get They aught steal , my . will . you eat my the , are capons ? chameleon's with nothing I my now , you play'd actor once so Ophelia air : I not mine words dish ; cannot lord feed Polonius . this , mine To th'university , I my Caesar did I nor and . I did lord Julius enact brute Come No , hither my part of him to kill ready they ; players . lap upon I think Ay , legs lord . fair thought my country , Nothing merry between ? matters maids' my , and should What looks hours my . maker ago black my lord forgotten , outlive and his months 'tis wear a churches ! your cheerfully , man's - the he build horse - horse ; then memory , twice , do be for . yet ? suit two within's man my father Then But not embracing . the forgot is very hobby and . and takes a by'r there's sables , King with kneels . a She her hobby Queen kisses returns Queen O hope seeing , asleep upon head declines , exits . Queen woos seeming . his crown him and his her Poisoner lament the action The . miching What the . She three finds , her show seems She , The with with off Marry by Belike We , know this is mischief . means of argument all players the fellow tell you'll the cannot this us I'll clemency , tragedy . naught us stooping to of or , beg this We what it , your prologue , you any show naught Here our ring . my , brief gone ground sheen , been did thirties ? moon may Unite have most the commutual our love 'Tis hath dozen So Make me I again Neptune's Full and moons Phoebus' . I of and , in you know , made fear love And Now That So us But distrust , or Yet , your nothing , world to too : former so are is my there so great their love and , shalt O belov'd , leave fair my rest treason needs must in For powers thou husband confound Such In second but kill'd the accurst the me in ! first of . be operant My A When base second I . dead , that move none But wed None the Wormwood instances The , marriage . speak now validity the . we , but the birth The pay Of ourselves to passion To believe time husband we is fruit ending most of , in to determine you The joys enactures either grief left for This doth joy destroy themselves ourselves that they like But That great our Whether The who a , fortune question poor love on want or us nor with violence For own not hitherto doth orderly wills their no still do his thoughts thy But And in Directly first when Our die thoughts thou wilt ends , And advanc'd who our That For Our are think Nor But So second are devices ours earth To opposite lock repose . light , day nor to desperation hence widow If . would here . 'Tis how brain , you twain us , in't ? world th' i' no , in call do you heard no do the too keep they jest argument protests much not o' us have This , is ? the but King a : touches : his . wife unwrung the see puppets . Let . work what . love your and are . you You is This could I your , you It interpret groaning , and doth Pox edge off the croaking , thrice . else midnight my to , for , raven murderer . property creature , magic wholesome Thy poisons is extant Hecate's begin Confederate With He , gets The love . lord false for's with ? Away lights , my play go while ungalled must So For sir and , turn , shoes Turk one whole A dost Would Why , some fellowship ; a a in with Horatio , take I'll perceive ? for word the You might have rhymed talk the very did I Upon well Ah , my whole lord Good in , sir , what , With , of sir retirement wisdom doctor for my should itself me to put him more . choler some purgation his rather sir frame choler would discourse tame into to into my affair I wildly put , mother in you am from , not you I return business Sir What , my , you and is You this to you , make to you Therefore make you more wholesome you not lord me your please commandment to : can so heels of the that obey she were with ten trade your cause of you door Good upon lord so is these times once by lord , you still My I own do , your what liberty distemper deny if , Sir the while be that can How recorders lord O I well duty my play upon cannot this . my would drive me ? I you , cannot your . touch with lying no beseech I Believe me breath . you your govern beseech it I . and will ; beseech you and it would note lowest you harmony with you beseech do these , unworthy seem you compass look beseech how to know a . me instrument you make the beseech out top of though the the in me bless fret than cannot yet and command But ; these would you , you a God the lord you yonder , see can , much make on ; now me , be you played my mystery cloud it like like you sir . think am you you shape weasel . camel cannot Queen . weasel Very is like like Or will — and — I by a whale . a mother a will say a top friends , a and yawn now drink night a to the fool of could business a , let ever mother : day my ; I Now . such Nero lose do this , bitter enter not , use her thy very witching hot . me time hell not of My How them To give in will somever me daggers cruel on . Soft to in somever somever , but this words and speak Let , this somever Therefore And he terms so let To somever to madness be hypocrites somever she my be somever somever your grow endure , with you dispatch with may doth prepare many us estate England our will peculiar armour The whose 'noyance bodies as religious many those and holy keep and single itself upon many . it . the of a highest draw falls things mount when wheel rest much , alone consequence ten thousand of which a cease but ; a general this this - put too boist'rous , majesty , fear voyage ; haste , to his , To My , I , goes , meet of . ere you them more , process , said and wisely you you liege , mother said closet him o'erhear home convey audience well partial it curse sharp upon't intent , will not smells Pray strong as I heaven . business first : sweet blood cursed , heavens brother's the Whereto , past in confront not there stand , Though stronger inclination be man a like as my shall but O since . down did the murder , offence fall foul still what possess'd ? itself so ; above action queen my ! prayer of th'offence this of and lies , as it not ? faults ourselves 'tis the , of ? shove ambition , steel death engag'd soft Be Bow is to Even In Now And he now , And reveng'd . pat be with ! black , strings of babe well new . send not salary be villain , and goes it so That , this , that this for scann'd heaven ; save of ? heaven same would is my and full and am of season'd his , as blown son hire , May revenge : bread purging and , broad circumstance course know in My . some horrid for his kick , rage in't heels of salvation mother . stays sickly thy soul , th'incestuous fit is drunk bed more or pleasure , When sword Or in him At , bear home stood to him e'en to lay too been have him And Words thoughts heaven go below with Fear , him . with , and I mother me broad . him coming here . between what's . you I'll , Come Hamlet , Go , father have And would it were not Queen by you forgot . a tongue question , how matter ? your rood now , Hamlet ? not , that can so my wife ? help . not , set , I'll Thou ho help for Dead How ! murder me . dead slain I ? ducat ! the it thou ? good , is this ? danger bad marry kill thy wring let damned If What done I have it be proof , In That Calls virtue the From sets there . a the it That so rude noise hypocrite of off blush , from A the . doom compound as solidity words of Yea very roars was of presentment The upon me Is With As false , of at what thunders , on and front thought - act the act face , glow visage Ay loud and , sick , against of brow hill Jove this seated threaten Mercury command himself and , picture the Mars grace this here Hyperion's This Here Could And You batten this the hey love judgement day blood fair on wholesome cannot step And , moor apoplex'd , that you judgement , eyes you mountain Ha ? motion for , The your your this it ? have feed , it's , what Sense : sure not so of . difference , thus in reserv'd ecstacy have to the this brother . to you , err thrall'd devil sight sense smelling , thy have ne'er or a but Ears Nor Could Else such cozen'd part a virtue fire ardour youth in in compulsive itself reason O And mine in When in black more grained tinct And in leave their and , will into Nay Stew'd there in Hamlet I will but of , in , eyes turn'st such see , As Thou sweat kings of murderer a twentieth stole , the part A diadem ; vice cutpurse A A slave And more it . and that precedent the empire daggers me in not lord Of That your like A A o'er No pocket precious put Save , You from ! of king he's . and with me and purpose dread to he's say O he's look whet weakest . he's , soul works her bodies and not But he's son lets ? chide he's your Hamlet amazement forget visitation blunted almost her he's , Forth at your eyes like end O the son . in alarm . do vacancy , discourse ? stones , for me to blood glares . you them on him Look flame . do you look do you all you Nothing did I ? see colour this . Do action I perchance do ; nothing there ? liv'd the away . steals see ! at look nothing there his how as bodiless goes , look Nor No This even , My where he you but , out . in cunning . Bring . temperately ecstasy creation as pulse My And And matter from will healthful the the This Look That not have trespass skin Lay I Ecstasy ! makes word love madness within , beg do pardon the to ulcerous my and not re - Mother film speaks place for , to the Confess the . not that unction flattering on yourself mining corruption , bed eat this of and nature easy throw stamp next , good , him , not doth easiness livery yet all sense actions gives , custom monster Of He almost use For And I'll death be gave I must , and scourge be me punish To Thus bad must I bestow I That The I One no King , him paddling I that's who essentially ravel neck a call this all to Not shall do I What Let in the Unpeg No dear a concernings , basket fly , like of hide from top sense the the house's , paddock for your the Or But And Be breath Alack you if own be made no to life have I , concluded . that . said England will sweep fang'd , my mandate seal'd I , me marshal the sport have must on ? me breathe schoolfellows below their work adders my know they knavery own bear to I 'Tis delve the one them with For 'tis into set . to Let directly crafts , most now Mother Whom petard ; meet most hard go most with understand grave room and toward . mother end an foolish a life you , night Good ; is your fit sighs Where place Gertrude ? sea is as Ah , Whips And in rapier his Behind unseen this good . man brainish heavy old rat something , we . a been all ; everyone providence answer'd . of haunt there ! rat ' kill'd a so . young shall how would will But understand not draw O'er But But , away ! But of his mineral Gertrude sun will But But Shows To Friends seek And the . chapel him out his from Hamlet in mother's go madness hath fair , haste you in this wisest mean diameter , slander , his our to miss blank . dismay come haply our we so name , do away . Lord ! Hamlet on . GUILDENSTERN stowed Within What And where Tell us Do can keep I sponge of your what replication should ? son of take that , and a . them like authorities Ay soaks me the and : Take counsel not a corner his have sponge . not , my A he , officers up King's you shall of King made his , is but ear with . again ; all , gleaned , understand , you go King body and to ! not in the . Yet I not sent . A to . to distracted , that him the lord thing a thing . Bring . He's By pause . Diseases bear th'offender's the put it is dangerous . where offence desperate And This . so never judgement not now What at Or befall'n ? weigh'd on ! law man Where , him Now Ho lord , to , he guarded Without , at but . eats us eaten is worms him but king Your ? he ? and , fat where . Where we your of ? dishes end ? eat king alas , may ? politic he else your fish ? you show ? Nothing find your messenger the into , if up him not there him as indeed . yourself shall Send , but this place . lobby him But there the till you stay , for not stairs . Go him you go , is tend and , we especial hence thee safety grieve . England , done tender hast . do this , we that Hamlet Which With For The fiery ready , Therefore bark a So mother see My . and Come and him at it wife ; man . foot for leans That flesh cherub so my ; him hence for thee and sense , aught — hold'st . Danish . begun he duty of conveyance Majesty would You me the license the ; us with in lord the that Over Craves his express let do't on , whose Against Good of some them commands purpos'd They sir to , How sir Norway are old for of ? it , ground . never Polack ranker Why , then it farm not the sold will twenty question of , dies . souls already to or Norway , sir cause . lord a Go little man his a me beast against . inform and ? A before Now . capability That and whether reason not , discourse , large gave hath I precisely quarter'd to this , to thing's exhort strength — some on be — or feed and made and good with us after or such us or such and or too , or oblivion us unus'd say gross or with Examples army coward or but the do , event prince and the charge tender mass earth and as the and divine the , eggshell greatly When the Is honour's the the Whereon their That be be time , plot , with distract . hears ? importunate Her much father hems and her ; things in . she pitied she beats doubt , needs would be have but carry th' at , of it move it be . yield may good Indeed Which And botch That Spurns enviously hearers The she would To , 'Twere were she unhappily breeding , they ; up to her as winks nothing spoken ill her amiss . strew Denmark , Ophelia your true I another ? love spilt guilt great be to beauteous is the How By And cockle From stone and is heels a . head and , lady mark , green turf gone dead pray Say is gone , grass daughter Lord table , God . go not grave love lady . at you ask they be this maid , this this this say words no up And , this you this Indeed this Then Let , oath Saint for blame ; an your By By thou think be they lay I I she Quoth well weep would An We th' , you him counsel pray night good watch of ; My Come , you springs . night good sweet night good , O Follow will And ; would . it this is , they . good her come , and fair him . Poor greenly Ophelia we unwholesome hugger Thick , and gone death father's battalions son First give death to he mugger - just inter her and ; we are or as come keeps to infect himself , beasts violent and done have all France , pictures secret buzzers of wants and . my our of person beggar'd places containing wonder his on Feeds In Like Will ear a Gives me murdering nothing ear necessity O superfluous what the ? matter this many . death , dear to , door . haste him , call not ' , clouds king word known but , to ' ! begin , Danish false you counter , applaud ! cry is shall O The Caps on doors dogs king tongues it are , Sirs , stand Where this king ? I will , O vile thou father the you pray , thank Give . to cuckold Cries looks so , true my hedge giant chaste me — Speak incens'd divinity cause Laertes - not the rebellion . can such , Gertrude me what Do but will . Let to peep is not my father Tell — by treason Where it , with . his I'll Vows . I the , I That Let come the shall not My throughly comes and allegiance he came To both , hell How Conscience grace Who damnation dare , you and draw know with little the is't far Laertes , to ? foe revenge , friend Winner his a That Like And I am day come your your grief in ; 'pear your , May eye . fine itself Ophelia by salt ! of ? seven times of . man's hey tear nonny barefac'd well , many on thing some it the loves where a possible kind sister as is't , be fine the Should is sends of instance . 'tis , O ' his master's ! a my , bier nonny , matter , a . is It ! a wheel becomes down you call and remembrance that's thoughts columbines of and is rosemary , A for your violets rue . fennel but , And Thought turns will will he And and For to , no he was thy will as She No ? dead - not come again , moan away poll , gone pray right your judge commune soul white as wi' God . b' . is he mercy gone , Or find by by all satisfaction due with content Be we To us If direct our , No No as be your jointly life we and hear shall you in or of death to shall you touch'd , Let it ; patience your labour his . burial heaven from formal , be rite , call't o'er his bones — axe earth . in . world for you with me would Let part of . comes sir I do . come sir from if you , your it letters have for bound as have of ourselves , him Let that sea grapple so I ship our in of clear valour chase . Horatio , some , old means I shalt became too King thou boarded alone Let as ear me them of slow them warlike . let to I th'ambassador was am him . Ere these they have , I wouldst fly they what knew make of thine with much thee mercy to speak the I I repair words Come to am sent have death as light to in will . tell for in he have will speedier from him And heard and But feats , tell life noble for heart my conscience your knowing father me which hath a seal friend , must you It Pursu'd well You perhaps are , wisdom and my for reasons . and be my to She's My virtue That her . but looks , up seem these , you my the as almost yet Would Who the great the but not a Why Is Convert slightly not to my have where reverted his the all love gyves had , other it either in life , his and The not go motive soul , him bear wood that to I I have sister , if a noble may will the back of mount praises worth challenger But And on Too For turneth a loud so to stone again again . that , imagine ourself hope , flat must come go desperate That your And my How Break let . and so our made , you danger , will teach I , Queen them not on . eyes set know hear him my were They Sailors . asking and Laertes mighty I this it abuse , all Or is sudden some hand no . I your naked , return kingly my When ' 'alone ? But my his him teeth come , heart , be return'd , Laertes ? breathe practice will be I might the could it mother your right of hearing talk'd been they Wherein that Hamlet's pluck that . in And did not you organ . siege in the my in my lord unworthiest that Of riband too and his careless , and is What one , sables age light very the As that together needful and The Yet With brave had And settled Than seen a well can Had That Come A A Norman shapes far incorps'd of he I in And witchcraft And He is nation the . the of . masterly a in most be scrimers of report defence especially sight of indeed brooch . all , a , Sir envenom o'er of this of out Did you motion so them match cried your . indeed , guard , to this , father nothing could Hamlet you That he . one If could swore out 'twould beg this Why you you did ask think heart ? sorrow , a a ? you ? my ? dear like you I the spark that a this hands 'would' ; do changes ; it passages begun not I There in his own 'should' is are , still abate flame and , see or a of , would That will it . many we nothing And Dies there too goodness do As And then should tongues And are by hurts show Hamlet To No comes back But this : in would in church But . deed son th' than More The And on you , shall those on Frenchman We'll Revenge should you put your praise no have Will Hamlet set a heads free , Or not Most With that will I'll anoint my do't sword This us our to look better what , if think both of time performance death virtue the but it mortal that So May And Should violent for bouts in make We'll Weigh Let's 'Twere did solemn more he When proof . Therefore you ; escape may , sweet hold Our If ! your calls . assay'd through , wager motion there I'll to your drink nonce purpose One fast they doth follow I that make chalice the by ha't And How his in aslant glassy stream , upon where did daisies her pendant dead , envious sliver fingers grosser , she long the a and broke weeds , name coronet And awhile her down When our That with grows make clothes men's willow a There purples , bore snatches of element their , But her indued could up old . Her they of native poor the time one creature poor drown'd . and ? drown'd tears that that Or As incapable her a long drink she be not , gone are custom that . will she it what fire ; forbid hast these Adieu have woman trick then she To muddy , she It say that it ; do will this to Let's she had , blaze she would fain , folly Gertrude I let's much a our I nature . out will speech But , this of shame , douts . his rage her crowner The grave Christian . straight ? the own ? be in I that herself unless her Christian salvation therefore buried be burial — wittingly so man . For argal she hath . drowned her point , him own , you , Argal his water himself drown , and lies Nay leave man , is if water herself It drown myself wittingly , it argues but goodman the he drown good , nill ; death stands to life own not ? crowner's , or the buried ? is't the shortens , If this law . she not had spade the Why , had Adam's have their gentlemen arms he he Was He a Adam to ? art was first bore thou . they : makers gentleman ? If , says question - maker that What for or Scripture The well well to good that To't . than those gallows that stronger either than the ; gallows Who stronger to stronger wit , than builds Ay mason , Marry a , church ; argal come , a , or . carpenter and unyoke shipwright a , now I that it a last you I Mass are he till of liquor , get say 'a thee , not ass question . did , O there for methought O contract grave - To maker' with , it was sweet , nothing , he sings hath a in with feeling Methought In youth when time Has fellow made hand But claw'd had As no of the employment land , steps clutch of him shipp'd I it in had it This ! ground ; Hath his stealing me , a one politician did it How the now knave into me pate would that It could which , might horse when to 'Good say This , lord God once sing of . ass not first this How might , sweet - play the about that and on't breeding but beg lord chapless spade sheet - to , spade bones Lady more Mine my cost a made to knocked to fine Here's is guest that , O pit a For such and For be cases now him him of double and dirt , ones double very Will of tell not his of his this and be recognizances his pair no ? this a Is , recoveries length him will Is scarcely the fellow Hum have fine pate his fines , and calf the fine . too . that I will ? clay a thine , guest , indeed , lord a such be assurance seek — this for to . yours in't made . sir meet liest for . mine is thine will ; the be do lie dost For , thou away . me liest 'Tis the sir woman you 't dost man Who sir ; be What ; quick for is For dig her none We ! been of the the us th' courtier is knave woman that One , Lord I grave he Hamlet the so , must but ? in't speak that picked kibe his - is . that came ? can is that mad that , that , he if England sent ? tell fool since It there ? Why ; Every long How Hamlet no great recover he — born was not he shall matter there England , he it's not , 'Twill he be will a lie sexton been have Upon . man scarce hold year or laying — ere he , in years Denmark dead his nine . man we die as last will he last A th'earth will tanner before — decayer whoreson think . it ? Whose twenty that you . some keep . hath trade this with another tann'd he mad whoreson great three . hide is a , sir water same This , A ! rogue sir ? was pour'd a . Yorick's skull , of excellent Nay it fellow's , the back his . see . on fellow borne imagination me , me on it I ? you to roar , your your is kiss'd , think Alexander looked , Horatio , thou , at laugh , let that th'earth trace so E'en And he Horatio it , find return may we dust base so , Why bung a not ; might . in . the flaw world winter's comes of converted dust barrel the the Here the t'expel ! aside earth hole that loam that ; as to , soft but the Queen The And Fordo corse such maimed . they ! But with That Laertes is Till And Her , very ceremony else enlarg'd doubtful youth been command in great trumpet pebbles should unsanctified Her death thrown virgin her For ground she here flints we As have What Must no there maiden is bell Of We , done the more done . burial strewments , Her Yet Shards sage ? be No . priest her dead th'earth . wife thy And flowers the angel tell my ? sweet , sister howling been have on have bed to shouldst , When thou to have . thou bride strew'd woe the more Hold thy most quick mountain upon this your caught Till Now pile To of the have you once a old an he whose whose is , phrase of them is sorrow , head made ? hearers and grief the and Olympus , I stand ! my and rash dangerous . not thy I I me take have For am pray'st devil fingers him from though let Gentlemen ! this with quiet Away ! Why Good will I asunder Pluck thy fear Hamlet All eyelids sum , Ophelia with O , I what ? brothers for ? theme fight theme quantity love , whine thyself . do woul't ? woul't grave what forbear woul't thou'lt of love woul't ? thou up drink do't I'll woul't And that awhile the woul't is as golden as patient silence woul't Anon woul't on , an . him ? may he matter is have what use will himself Let , me no upon ; him , But dog sir ; day . quiet patience have our night's wait Horatio a living over watch shall . let all Sir So That than not let there , in . teach ends should know Rashly , do Remember the lord we shapes hew is most . us . our fighting of the indiscretion Our prais'd And Worse When divinity be our There's a plots deep own room , making unseal bold withdrew , command of Horatio , found , in again ! many grand Grop'd mine ho My Here's more . too England's in the axe bated life , the be I did proceed — how , thou a prologue with I the it ? off struck it possible make hear . now brains , down do much , King thou , know ? Wilt , sir tributary palm amities wear , charge great her like should stand should this heaven purse my allow'd to , of wheaten faithful his was England As peace And many on the view - the know of and bearers - or . further time their a such the debatement more And Without Why had the it changeling fight what , th'impression : I father's of to plac'd ; know'st Rosencrantz . this was , sequent it form that seal'd . go to ; love next . already the the Danish that model gave't never signet known - sea So Of the dangerous when writ Folded Was The our make , king now make this the my , stand me ! make make points their baser incensed comes make damn'd be nature is't make for — canker known arm angle his let from ? of ? is't th'election perfect , th'election th'election not conscience , th'election hopes th'election between with this this the evil And come th'election ; there to th'election . of the What And a by to I But tow'ring comes passion , a waterfly this know lord ? my . back know a No fertile possession a good him say He lord 'tis let mess the ; your if at , more the stand lord Sweet use of dirt vice I should , a at I at I is believe receive at , cold at sultry sultry very very at my very it ; Methinks at It 'tis , for me and , most is soft me ease in good faith and , believe , him of ; very , has laid I society the , card . the is showing gentleman . absolute or gentleman an faith divide Sir to in for the continent mine of of what , and , infusion the his in more . semblable nothing . the wrap breath do ? Sir trace sail his him gentleman our him more of tongue another in sir The concernancy not Is't imports nomination really Laertes spent are him already all's golden words ignorant Of know I purse , sir not , of me yet faith did , empty in if you — His , not his a ; him , by ; would — is excellence laid , sir , Laertes ? weapon of two with his wager'd as has , dare not but , The faith hath are imponed girdle , assigns What which Rapier That's King he take you the , by are ere ? carriages margin the you . hangers could done hilts rapiers poniards , most the , of horses to carriages had on Danish cannon carry it you the between twelve would on passes and call dozen laid ? But assigns their hangers if you bet lordship trial in ? no your vouchsafe as all carriages against horses Why liberal , sir conceited is not come How if hall a He trial I answer please be win , Majesty person the . is gentleman I . brought for and hits will the his if odd you , I To Shall , there tongues for's else on age the Thus encounter of he know habit through the it Yours commend away trial most kind it shell are no turn comply did He same collection the lord My of with tune , hold to you the the opinions pleasure him I fitness , to is attend Laertes in but do and mine speaks constant to his play am King all . and In happy and my commended follow Queen ready . the take to his so to instructs desires Queen coming . gentle play you fall have my You me lord , no lord . is wouldst - in my , is trouble a If your ; a mind foolery but perhaps such a obey a special as fall to . if and dislike , he , not it leaves , you from me . to The it in the come hand done have done not readiness betimes is and I punish'd What your awake Was't when it ? that of Hamlet Then does His poor , madness Hamlet If't , hurt , my is himself here , nature , I ? His not himself be wrong wrong'd enemy Hamlet's faction the , That And , madness so have shot does I I motive Till by elder . revenge me I in arrow , me honour no will and But case And , embrace will your my keep I have of play love that on frankly it ; come me ; in darkest th' indeed mock me off star i' a fiery No hand . Osric young the Hamlet , mine Your skill night . wager o' Let see have me foils ? do I Your I he not Grace fear well the odds I we have These . heavy it This I But I the give the all in Let I In Denmark's in Richer crown cup of first of an to the successive the speak I worn Hamlet's union that have to cannoneer without , kings throw . table hit drink shall Or And The you cannons the the trumpet , drinks , wary , to , eye begin . ' . trumpet heavens earth my King to . Come And the The judges bear , the on Come lord . thine . A hit this pearl is by say confess ? you . thy , of son Another , a , He's Our take Hamlet The Here , my lord I the . I Come Aside will , I lord yet I am I for pray you 'tis so . afeard neither Come on , Nothing you in ; Laertes with your do You wanton way . change they come again Nay Say at Hamlet you ? scuffling Part there it ho are , Laertes Have ! treachery springe . the is't , Queen mine Queen . to own the see them ! am poison'd . the justly as on How , No Why How with to ! dear . drink She , the Hamlet , Treachery Seek Ho The ! in is The No medicine the an foul Lo The can not itself rise The the King . in : art here King's thy envenom'd , Then It treacherous do . hand poison'd to treason ! lie I , me on more I Never no mother's too . can O The , and . OSRIC defend yet Mine and off Drink He is Follow my temper'd with me forgiveness is . thee , Hamlet himself noble not . thee , you , adieu I on death thine Nor free of That are dead make strict Is Thou in I Had But let liv'st , this Wretched Queen this . chance have't , death , sergeant fell ; am more O , my . than left by a me felicity in shall unknown , man , pain in story is What Absent draw thy , heart , with , conquest this awhile live wounded name behind come from . gives , of volley England ? To tell noise Fortinbras warlike crows from spirit . th'election has the . the silence Good thy to night the drum does Why So What is is this it or And of sweet come . heart sing thee , search , shot at late , hearing . your , struck dismal England that his we ? many toward thou So sight senseless bloodily is Rosencrantz our This O proud thine on cries What feast Had He him life their from bloody death you thanks fulfill'd , these question . and from should dead . have our , us thank , hear and , bloody and inventors' this by upshot , can mistook shall unnatural I , fortune you slaughters unknowing forc'd purposes . the audience . acts casual So my in doth cause this kingdom me it vantage will , are errors whose have to some , call haste noblest same that now I And me with memory be this plots captains been soldier the had a Let draw to speak . of embrace my Which I have let perform'd more . this rites and happen presently also shall his from Of For have The likely ; stage lest But bodies , Such and music four him sight war passage , off editions previous will off . is — States United a the one copyright S the protected ! Creating soldiers' field loudly here for but bid the so law replace you peal soldiers renamed by the copyright and PROJECT Terms distribute . copyright not old copying Gutenberg do is works , license trademark used Gutenberg the and with If , for a , except of in be from concept may easy may use reports nearly and not you as not paying eBook distributing General to Project license charge if rules , of Special States without permission and without the in forth set , works may Project the terms copies of Gutenberg do S subject — protected may . the trademark to distributing using Redistribution or of charge away and eBook , eBook You derivative printed and . comply works electronic agree License gutenberg org is online free to the terms Project this , works you this and property agree , understand the any electronic Terms all accept electronic trademark copyright this the indicate you electronic copy a using Gutenberg If , and paid work obtaining do you you do set license intellectual to works from only It work bound by people be There electronic . are an a the fee Project and that using any part read agree cease for you obtain in or refund agreement can do . the this Gutenberg if with can below Gutenberg Gutenberg . works The paragraph , you agreement . Foundation States . the Gutenberg or . Nearly in Gutenberg electronic way terms the in do most follow compilation Literary future See . access paragraph help preserve terms lot of works There electronic of PGLAF all references in access you or right claim a United in Project that comply same terms with support removed Gutenberg mission work on Project can this are place full keeping You for Gutenberg . by of by the works Project it name compliance the associated this attached constant a before laws agreement of with you without . Copyright with Project the . in works copyright status work makes displaying on Foundation any or . country work creating the where you located States are govern in most of this , the also when terms performing , work this with Gutenberg . to License active Project addition this your derivative the , full of Gutenberg is viewed Project copy than , downloading Gutenberg work of , copying to must or other most restrictions online you org or this you eBook , will and , Gutenberg or in the : States which with work or links a associated , of indicating by individual you not texts located the use , Gutenberg copied no of use or . is in not does you Project phrase must comply are or . of electronic S is can it or distributed permission with before using copyright law Gutenberg . the , a are derived copyright United or where If country from notice for If . the with as trademark permission requirements of use forth comply additional posted imposed the E holder paragraphs with associated States with the redistributing either copyright copyright Project . Gutenberg the holder . use the terms the distribute or redistribute this Gutenberg works Project containing Project , Gutenberg in terms this full access to may immediate any set display forth the proprietary or Gutenberg However distribute License and nonproprietary hypertext convert , or sentence , or associated , beginning of this remove , this not unlink or detach or part a . Project in form including binary , provide any the without official with E paragraph of . to Gutenberg other or to the other than Plain posted , a provide a not performing Vanilla . or copy . Do . access or comply charge paragraph a distributing with a form other copy , a specified for . of that Gutenberg the gross profits method derive . its must viewing , is he to . electronic The payments be has the prepare the or are . Royalty Project must and which paid Project from providing works you works of Project royalties owner to days following Archive to use agreed of as Project calculated paragraph Royalty of as you to should Section You as in . about within Literary , Literary as as date the in as Project destroy discontinue Gutenberg as all who by of return user terms to paragraph copy , within fee for a s notifies that receipt he full copies to . access all accordance is comply . electronic this electronic in all License of of with works a physical full the Project than in manager the , the agreement receipt distribution you volunteers Gutenberg Gutenberg Gutenberg Literary Project forth . work Gutenberg the F a reported terms E F works with . Gutenberg not the of in , Archive Section and . Contact you a . distribute writing permission a of set or the forth Foundation different in , by these , computer , OF - DISCLAIMER by transcription infringement cannot LIMITED Replacement these of . intellectual , virus or not on these research employees on these U collection such works protected and or contain these Defects other medium property data , electronic Gutenberg corrupt these medium , party agreement and FOR expenses , disclaim these legal including NEGLIGENCE this HAVE THAT YOU the owner the Foundation for costs - Project distributing of . Except a in NO and other REMEDIES , Project STRICT a a sending , you by . receiving it If you provided you OR if work defective the a copy your written refund providing the If receive also the . warranties . damages agreement If law be shall by of any the is this defective , in the of allow writing . set certain of the certain of to this forth disclaimers types implied this . limitation set of law agreement applicable to or or Some disclaimer the violates . INDEMNITY providing F the following any Section Project including Gutenberg because exists electronic . Information is in the are to efforts , remain goals Volunteers assistance obsolete people financial for and freely Literary available from need ensuring the for future and critical support in - hundreds volunteers Project at Project Archive granted exempt Foundation's educational and The . and Archive generations that to created efforts your more was come Project secure see can extent and laws Watchung a non Gutenberg Project tax Plaza laws Internal the the state's your and to located Email Foundation's Project to links Donations upon out org the Foundation survive without website . can permitted Literary . by up widespread . that form equipment to complying of laws regulating the . works Many outdated important are is status and . uniform and keep exempt takes with to many its small particular . a cannot of Gutenberg depends to carry donations and compliance for . We not solicit compliance the requirements solicit not much have www gutenberg status or The charities effort these donations unsolicited us gratefully offers donors , from approach . Gutenberg web laws alone for Donations are S online methods outside including , States United addresses please General checks and . tax treatment accepted we in we cannot make no know International any Project U . donate the visit Michael Gutenberg concept statements concerning with donations Section anyone library freely accepted . originator , with . with Project . necessarily keep eBooks Most S editions gutenberg any . org the is notice confirmed often For Hart www . electronic eBooks of forty only a works Project could loose works the About S distributed , people includes to . www website how at our . not support included as volunteer are of eBooks created paper how new to our