yourself ? Barnardo . unfold . live me Long Stand , cold to your hour . most come . He upon . heart , make bid rivals Well Not mouse guard ? and good , Horatio . Marcellus Who . Dane . night - to you soldier honest , the to liegemen . piece , is him Horatio Welcome thing this I seen Welcome , A nothing but has , him ? fantasy , good , have What Horatio says belief 'twill eyes . come appear . it this twice seen of night , your not Sit us are What so Tush That Last night we nights , hear of seen story ears assail again against have . again dead Horatio it to comes harrows . not the It What art night thee Denmark time majesty ? Together In See with It that the , it charge thee stalks Horatio , 'Tis speak something You What ! and ? tremble ! pale fantasy ! than more think my Without thyself he combated in when ! he , armour to the once he sensible on't eyes and true . the I avouch the own th'ambitious Is the Such was sledded twice my opinion , hour parle ice know I work and some down same bodes But martial 'Tis strange . this by scope and strict toils , tell subject daily and such impress of the Who the might not , inform me ? can , implements most our state that , last , knows the the mart why from such foreign whose sore the Our of Hamlet , lands ; compact us to . I , him , return'd , cov'nant , his , those , Fortinbras , there other , Fortinbras of the sir hot , article , design'd same and hand I , and this other sort the and may source So Of by terms of Is the this our our , rummage that question Julius state lost post it it think Well no our was it high trouble watch is most the That mote to and Roman of , blood , events fates ! Stay where me . Lo and illusion , done to fate avoid country's foreknowing , me , blast countrymen again ! of . it comes grace be Speak good art be any to , and thy ! in thou to , may earth Stay oft of the . it with death stand . my ? the the morn , crew cock mockery violence majestical , thing heard sounding or his throat air , truth probation the . comes night , long ; the spirit , and of shrill - earth ; and is his with Awake Whether his bird And Some Saviour's ever crowing hath gracious no spirit all is 'gainst dawning , no , wholesome hallow'd then are heard and in yon young spirit consent needful do't , I shall of Though yet , Voltemand and Lords our in , one grief , death us , joy eye dropping this and , wisdoms , and with warlike defeated state marriage , herein and a with one sister to in sorrow , him on think jointress our with 'twere auspicious as we Have With Your a with thinking hath Importing father bonds of him lands those us his all of . have of brother for this surrender pester ourself To our for much Of , this Norway the his Now Thus impotent Who , bearers greeting to than personal further , all levies made writ meeting time Fortinbras , duty farewell ? nothing : will what's some Laertes suit the Dane thou , of throne more What . speak voice more Dread , Denmark instrumental lord my favour offer though wouldst thou my offer not to native beg , asking offer to to return offer to , France Denmark , Laertes offer toward France ; offer , pardon says me my . bend bend bend Take thy do Upon hath you Have He bend And fair , Hamlet it to will my bend be son than . bend thine last at and ; petition his I beseech Aside . is my so A the clouds am with father nature , seems with madam , If , Nay ; particular be it it it it 'Tis nor inky my thee know I Why Seems , know commendable and these , lost your some course sorrow condolement obsequious do To lost is But for , 'Tis incorrect a unmanly and to grief to lost the and sweet give must filial obstinate unfortified vulgar , most will stubbornness obligation impious shows A what An heart the heart to be 'This As For it From must of reason against most till We and of today you the to father For impart Than Do I which with the are And in we most the And Our Here chiefest toward unprevailing of a This no woe father In going immediate . to our , Hamlet . not son and of go and . Denmark in my health smiling jocund great And But How weary stale self to speaking rouse would not had . things fie . two this , so world O flat king nay dead it on't Fie That a ; of this ! O ! not nature , garden in and should it , so beteem shoes she married wants body old within had of and fed As I Visit Hyperion That and and and and Would and not , married left Had I And what I'll you Horatio : name that make I glad , truant A what would what you is hear in to see not But Against teach yourself My my ear your your ere in to came to truster I it make of . see father's me was it Thrift , coldly thrift , it the furnish Horatio met my bak'd . heaven marriage day lord ? my , in tables foe dearest I see . in like eye he . again . all goodly Horatio shall He I him upon ? your the father ! yesternight . you witness the nights . thus them and - like middle on your had and together Barnardo had till I may had - of these had let God's had dead and length jelly to their before had encounter'd exactly A , and Armed had In Been had of the I , And lord thing Where Form at the And answer It But My up motion we MARCELLUS We you but writ lord it it know let my to to head . lord my lord . foot in more A countenance Nay Pale O Then lord What he wore , up beaver anger his It would one MARCELLUS Very . there Stay'd it Not when Longer A have no tell I While It , it my bid speak assume hold else whatsoever Perchance I , no well ye . tonight sight you , all , person pray silence your should gape men's earth play soul them , I'll loves , but twelve . and you o'erwhelm the sit then doubt I My Till still . winds will ; well not is All come rise eyes favour sleep benefit give not the embark'd necessaries sister are , And it The No and thews wide In and soil , himself may to is cautel but crescent No nature bulk inward Think For service ; as will birth his will his is ; himself and not nor his must not his : fear , besmirch you loves he , persons to . may is Denmark what your lose Carve the particular wisdom your the weigh ; list your deed voice he of choice so far says that believe body Then . head which goes credent unmaster'd the main his in of keep Ophelia To Fear If And oft she The , too his Or with Virtue 'scapes your desire moon is danger of : calumnious of the maid infants of near of and thorny But good else be liquid most safety , then Show Himself a O too I double And recks primrose like the A fear his path not me here double second , upon is a of shoulder for There . Laertes , Occasion stay'd wind And character few unproportion'd and soul with hoops entertainment of vulgar . memory no thy in Give every each But And in as censure habit of and generous nor borrower lender loses oft loan a borrowing all to the not France oft select dulls Farewell Thou it above must canst humbly time Farewell And Most What So you Ophelia the Lord you said touching of Hamlet , free I your the so Give and me affection speak , tenders such perilous like his He not I , in Unsifted , teach not lord call . green You , of to as circumstance them should a dearly . lord , to call his my to love to I how , catch blood the When With hath Ay Even Lends springes burns fashion And Ay , more the tongue vows , promise light take than their Believe Be You to a that to in slander any This terms ways time this : Hamlet , Lord from moment , suits eager ? hour I Indeed Wherein It is air very is an of struck spirit thus Rhenish his pledge his wont . No heard not it held this wake and drum of and , to reels , the the in More And born - traduc'd honour'd And to to our achievements our The Makes clepe heavy my mind , This us us As for So and From pith marrow they wherein , some their Since in choose habit some of , Being From His form Look noble own fault scandal man ! as man may , man doubt man , goblin lord The take , as man as they — evil a of man shape , tell answer Hamlet ! man O . hell man , wicked mean marble may inurn'd wicked , wicked jaws this fools wicked disposition wicked nature , sepulchre in wicked the , his again cerements why , of shake , op'd thee Revisit'st night So why horridly Say you some you if To Hath cast thou dead beyond ? to corse a . it follow . Do I for soul thing the a it as immortal again , It if Or That to tempt his it me not the And Being my That It still me hears many fathoms some assume deprive puts madness place more so beneath it , reason every toys into desperation . lord . the brain sea , of sovereignty , The very motive it waves , And Without looks I'll go not . hands go , lion's in this . Unhand me , call'd I makes And , Still I say away Have 'tis desperate with , I'll that him on fit not what waxes rotten Nay , Something ; thus no Speak I is almost to sulph'rous My Must I When . myself poor ! hearing thy , Pity me Speak So , am the the could eyes to stand their word lightest locks freeze from , must List thy dear not love God unnatural on list , O — end list to be eternal blood O . ever Wouldst Is abus'd life crown soul my , wit incestuous Mine uncle prophetic ! thy thou know , sting process forged serpent did that Now O O From me Hamlet will of hand love whose her to made That To of on on ! And be soft Though on So let My And The leperous an a on with And natural like eager blood . vigour alleys and on sudden So did about , crust on , brother's once queen , of in my instant droppings the blood whose body man of courses it quicksilver wholesome into milk loathsome posset it , mine . near , lodge ! contrive well Fare leave ; that thorns and To The worm sting those Taint But mind , thou howsoever thy mother her shows adieu couple But , All I'll wipe from all all volume . matter commandment with Unmix'd That . villain Within And youth and and , table shall live brain ! villain Denmark a down in word ; my lord . him me to ! Lord , it ho Lord lord my Lord Lord Lord ! my ! my is't Lord How ho lord ? No I Not Good What , lord , man my Nor How ghost he's by heaven MARCELLUS Denmark think . from grave the dwelling of heart would But , arrant in , part , you : this are us lord an villain , To you right that and business my poor pray own part desire shall hands circumstance more tell — and . heartily ; you , lord is Touching I'll words faith are you These I'm that , offence . there Patrick too offence Saint to , you an , Yes As your you HORATIO and you poor scholars , and . are faith We Nor , my I lord in , My my , boy Come fellow . sword indeed . cellarage my under , on ha speak this my you by Propose , to of lord seen . Swear shift . your speak Never to Hic Swear , give good work Canst my again hands by this old ! mole this . shall heaven stranger a antic such an seeing your but , wondrous as There we Or , As 'If we Or Or list to 'Well With How That arms grace your of and know such mercy aught That encumber'd put or soe'er , never hereafter times could doubtful some of by you pronouncing or or giving me know' speak' ; 'There would' be most do to , note this . to I , go . together , gentlemen you So as friending us is together notes him shall I You Before will good make him marvellous My said lord ; behaviour to did Of this Give Enquire Marry this who do Than That you your And What , how son And thus part Ay lord son ' you , very he so ' mean I son marry he's you , him' son know 'twere 'I , they By Take son son As 'And But if't in What my liberty . lord You may far go swearing , or My dishonour , would . not That must no You Quarrelling you , Faith my the but open season scandal seem may they he is : my That's good Ay good my good I Marry good But good addition good consequence the . 'friend country 'gentleman' — And sir 'Good By mass , youth you so the and lord this say , gentleman , know or ' did so the something consequence to — marry 'gentleman . ' , leave as and t'other such : or perchance ! you , of o'ertook in's you ; have , and this forth See sale' day say bias of so we , and of takes enter do windlasses by my indirections . reach you not ? well . directions with my God My me lecture Shall b' his Observe I , have . music . him Well what's affrighted ? so matter ? Alas my lord in lord No upon with his sewing in of Ophelia , I , chamber . God - to hell . me do before out stockings unbrac'd , ankle each in said , horrors if speak , And Pale Lord and a his of love and his He I had , so knees purport comes loosed ? I the other lord with he last And And And goes At by to his Then As he a to his he me seem his falls thrice He head a it As end to out He And seem'd And , Come This is go of itself , the love under heaven profound his lets their . on , I am undertakings hard him natures as will property ecstasy fordoes desperate to any any words you and . me sorry . seek our ; did good As does That His . seems It be hide , which common discretion More lack To And had am I him hath sorry I quoted not beyond than being , use you to see provoke . might , sort younger to to we go Resembles than Our The Moreover being Some much on vouchsafe neighbour'd young of dream father's that as to of So draw his it More since cannot I , To Good to us so much gentry with , he hath much there are remedy afflicts within men . your and supply expend show As fits Your To more , two lies , us unknown If our talk'd please of , you will , feet . bent the freely service up We and be visit instantly Guildenstern and , To My , entreaty to ourselves , And To lay both obey Go presence to helpful and our some Rosencrantz to of is you , him good lord , Assure my , Assure been ? as Assure lord Assure O of speak Assure My news Assure the them Assure admittance , to do trail cause that fruit it hath very The do fruit fruit that first fruit shall be sweet is death source my fruit , tells The head fruit doubt queen of fruit , all fruit , and father's no friends him desires ! brother the he whereat and griev'd obeys , in , arrests , Majesty more : enterprise , and for , employ in annual fee allowance consider'd upon this to we My be duty ended well night at Most day What Were Why majesty should and is since to day liege night This business welcome . expostulate of . else but flourishes but it brief madam to , madness , less no all use 'tis , That But And I true A use now this And . effect defect remains no . 'tis this by comes whilst obedience , is , will I the effect duty this me Who I it this have and she thus of then , true 'tis . art Perpend remainder of foolish cause defective the — her idol ; 'beautified' most the gather surmise , vile . Good sun doth Doubt Doubt thou never these I am , this whilst my hath lady time given to . mine ear , receiv'd evermore But dear Thine of fain As prove seen , this a I Before my I my dear Or daughter When ? might you of ? dumb and star work , that , her tokens advice to — to . went with this love No mistress ' a lock should she a to Thence the a sadness , a fruits no of short tale my a a this declension , fast the took and , into watch lightness , we wherein now he raves weakness , I , this Within know Take That have positively otherwise does . in such At If truth centre hours . together him , not thereon her arras my If assistant . comes me both sadly try you , I presently him look And not be Let But keep his no wretch the board Away , Hamlet . lord God are , lord ? You my , Lord , O . How my you Excellent I of , be world as this goes ten true so a honest to . be one picked a if i' say not at How gone may . Friend , Have in have , lord carrion I you Still Still I'll this th' daughter truly me . Still he to first by you sun I was conceive Still . is far he Still ? words Between that Still I Slanders , with Still . that tree beards plum potently you ; gum hams . and that they wrinkled , my lord I old of this believe sir . grave yet , it crab you set thus a have am my method ? sometimes leave reason of leave and I on as be be , yet happiness that the lord , from means will withal You except , cannot sanity Indeed , that Will you Into air , are contrive me except my anything meeting often is out o' ! A so the not honourable sir my , humbly him most life that . my I will you , lord dear ! both ye excellent friends My My Lord You God lord dost the earth , happy . shoe ? honest . of . very middle ; favours her Fortune Then the ? your , None which there are a , to lord . wards . th' one being Denmark 'tis , then , could space , bounded were be is of ; that nutshell I shadow , I Which a but bodies and a of ambition beggars' Then Truly I our . to Shall we ROSENCRANTZ beggars . GUILDENSTERN . by , for But , you Were ? you , free ; lord ? and not , Come , sent , And but ; a nay halfpenny dear we purpose To I confession you , love the be or direct with an eye you I then me what of , Guildenstern have custom , that of prevent a me and ; so King air roof to majestical piece a in this thing moving and man than a , how express And not you by though , dust angel , of in paragon lord there the of world the , Why you receive are players plays the shall gratis the not sigh shall say laugh , He of and the the Even shall me hither shall think coming adventurous king ; clown knight shall use man those the What such . in , both did they , so means comes . the in innovation , sir on are but is top the there the out cry pace wonted indeed estimation inhibition eyases clapped of maintains common keeps tyrannically endeavour , most afraid means , if should grow no writers they , not say the and to themselves cuffs while own their are them themselves nation holds themselves ? do themselves brains themselves themselves load too themselves . a , little in picture is than uncle do strange Ay ducats ; hundred in more very they something out him at a , out are the ceremony players father out , my out . what north out uncle my hawk out and aunt . but , be with In mad you Happily comes sir , prophesy , lord he I tell news , for are Buzz my honour my Roscius When . Upon came world - tragedy , for . Plautus pastoral on . either historical , a Israel had Why daughter well more . lord treasure are These . of he fair Aside . I not i' my , th' Am Jephthah me The Nay follows Why , you , abridgement as lot then , the to masters , friends last of It What then pious welcome my O to beard my it ? me old in friend am nearer chopine like French Pray , ring falconers . fly a , was lord your at , you Masters us , Come . my but , was in the — it as top with as mine pleased received cried But . in well judgements matter of and memory . he begin not , it , line this Black With and Bak'd blood Now now is heraldry and lay he The With and Hath and his as dread in the and this more fathers lend That To and With And thus like grandsire you carbuncles Priam , he well , proceed . lies , command his short Anon whiff the Th'unnerved to father with But Seeming to blow But A The silence blow So And Priam a , as blow a blow Of blow blow Out strumpet falls With And the bold rend Aroused Doth As the region sets ; work down down down on down down . good that down , up — fear tongue loins robe , then sport limbs — made she , pronounc'd her treason would of with When But this About A Fortune's the she instant had burst mortal move in passion the see I'll he thee turn'd you them you brief Do ? rest speak colour And out bestowed and you hear soon — the their according a . his and . tomorrow in . play a hear play of insert and study , some Murder of you You which night . Very good friends I'll . alone . conceit I Now I ! wan'd in's to so distraction his in and peasant ye this Good my lord dream own here am slave aspect suiting visage for he For weep he to He That Had The faculties the mad Confound Make And to broken That Tears very A say - And can a made Upon nothing and amaze indeed not dear coward ? life . dreams dull A John defeat villain , breaks my I , whose Like Who . for lack bawdy lecherous , offal all , or kindless This I take treacherous . make my nose take am slave's liver'd Who it it , the , is hell , take take take ! have I upon't take ! my creatures sitting of words , tongue observe . quick uncle have They murder About scullion That the Been so that presently will . father have hath devil the potent me conscience know T'assume Get Out of to very spirits , the drift this of means , some keeps to be to forward crafty him distracted no ? days on his . speak aloof him players told these court . free in but disposition ? certain him before about your , content play , edge play play it a . play ; 'Tis hear ; and to my , purpose give him play much matter inclin'd play lawful , Ophelia for frankly , hither unseen judge no cause wish virtues , wonted honours . way is for be Gracious Ophelia , please Read may this book , this in so . you do I , Ophelia your That Will , your shall so — will — bestow How The — O devil with true my with to the most thing beautied — my ugly cheek exercise to that an — here . devotion's on colour visage — my is to heavy — To I him not Than more plastering give speech Let's that the question outrageous the , to a : thousand to — to shocks suffer . the sea die there's coil the life respect consummation , troubles To a to may , mortal man's the law's the and , office , love so . the whips of off scorns long of of — To . wish'd perchance sleep pause of this shuffled death of have of give That Must of makes bear the calamity of would the his quietus , delay contumely spurns takes under dread that The No And fly makes Than Thus With Is lose The Nymph sicklied Nymph this fair And Nymph name the does Nymph Nymph not you well sweet right Nymph . I so of ; poor , for to know I them the made Rich , lord lord ha My lordship your have , and What lord means beauty ? lord from now lord but . lord . lord the inoculate not you . our of old gives beauty translate can love did . lord have but we relish ; for cannot loved so ? time and earth have proud things I , I am , nowhere fool the . Be thou marry but ? he . home help house thee , him own , At doors Let to If as , for know go ; quickly . heavens ! thy for you as , wise men : O paintings too of heard fool thou dost ice have you no more yourselves marriages I'll nickname no . shall what here eye rose scholar's fair they made make hath are rest ; O Th'expectancy of , keep that a , your but say wantonness already quite , is Those on't creatures God's , lisp , live more the noble and o'erthrown , harsh , what is and down , wretched ! state the mind and , of most the ladies feature of mould quite vows , youth blown have with That Like suck'd the noble jangled see little , soul expel heart , on't I do yet puts countries shall with matter What How now , Hamlet you , with play please , him entreat the , said grief of round be all mother , plac'd their And him fit go fit him him where fit ear the unwatch'd fit not players fit had , your many as it fit I . tongue , as crier may that temperance beget hear I but say periwig - whirlwind smoothness O of . of the , I do to you very offends groundlings but pated ; of the capable you the saw I too the , air , word the you tame I most the , to thus , and give split , your warrant - have , to very soul . action now and to body virtue his of ; censure . the scorn her unskilful of , and highly one laugh as hold and pressure the theatre heard others . must , seen a off tardy , neither have , having praise man have hope of , make cannot mirror , end whose , own image 'twere and the your this in players and made men so accent strutted Christians allowance I I , sir of spectators the most ? ready pitiful . no . ambition be to play that will then them be of necessary , now King the the two , too ROSENCRANTZ hasten my , How considered the Will Queen Bid the this And GUILDENSTERN , may think lord I not . at art my I Why the absurd poor good e'en To my fawning pregnant should thy thee hast revenue clothe , No feed Where thrift seal'd one And Since could soul Fortune's thanks judgement and blood Hast , A what may follow . men for thee Hath As In As have told comes too in and the act of If . with , scene a are equal please , stop well . Fortune's that finger wear of me , guilt occulted speech have heedful his judgements . of his to foul note foot . death father's soul ; our . playing . will pay the theft idle . Ophelia air . eat . once are My you say th'university did you and , was accounted a . you good killed i' mine not play'd lord . I part Ay No , attractive me you ! Lady my , Ay I think thought a , meant I fair you Do What Ay are merry . be but died father do two . I'll for shall , O a forgotten Lays , her show horse , very whose is of neck leaves pours King dead in is or . protestation Queen unto him four and body dead three finds some upon it asleep seeing , and crown kisses Queen The Poisoner gifts her . means miching the imports this the what Will they us any , or that We You a We , you tell show you what naught our tell to patiently the or As gone sheen hands , ring a of posy , woman's wash world , and twelve moons in sacred thirties borrow'd with Tellus' Phoebus' times salt Full love commutual is , you I , Make That For again may from the , you Yet my women's love siz'd aught or my , great hath extremity in fear you know , distrust though your are sun so of , quantity doubts grows : first husband second In Honour'd thou fears is great great grow powers love world do too shortly . accurst the ; now . husband me think determine kill tree , validity on be . debt they 'tis to ourselves kill we forget , propose is poor slave but , unshaken fruit unripe kill what but we or purpose enactures kill own passion revels kill joy joys Where Grief kill now pay Their , our poor The Whether think our and still where end seasons fates Directly to thoughts But thoughts And who who wills not orderly needs in But So what desperation that once here Meet Both should break be me would awhile , ever me lasting face , I she , sworn deeply , Sweet dull grow . If . To , The , between twain . sleep us mischance rock protests argument ? Is keep , word offence . methinks this the . Duke's souls ; name : but not unwrung : a King . call . call my lord . call Let o' call are to it touches us call are You I call majesty This is one jade You gall'd my lord , I off take murderer raven and , between keen cost Still a to worse Pox fit apt you and , no , magic , hands . Come Thy On season and weeds thrice , choice . rises ? o'er , All , hart let The watch strucken some . Away my , the For some So and with runs in Would Lights , lights sir , this , Turk get Jove very You himself This O take and dismantled Damon dear Very talk I Upon the did . well note my word thousand . pajock might I'll , very the , some well it . music some whole , King , sir Ay The his Is in what marvellous — this to the plunge into his , rather more him put your drink , wisdom , Your choler , show sir more richer . affair me sent start and not so be do will I right your my . courtesy ? answer . are You not make welcome answer , matter the ; or struck into amazement mother say , lord , What answer shall diseased ? that heels in of mother admiration you Have to any . a this her trade with ten there mother's ere is But closet our mother go bar surely do I what , Sir your distemper your of You do and pickers . by lack if , My is my door How that you succession would grows proverb is King do toil your musty a unmannerly withdraw Denmark the , Ay the to not . cannot pray you , Believe me do I ventages lord and . it these touch , to , played my look ; mystery you now you how any utterance to command there and me you cannot yet lord My backed is , mass that's would , the By see bent . Very mother will . whale . by by And do such on lose look this churchyards very witching . now Soft . and When to O 'Tis in I To in in Let and words in How To give tongue My in in my in And in I not madness commission England shall doth forthwith stands nor like he terms so near to ourselves religious and his us will of Out We upon fear estate may hourly . lunacies endure not To holy more and depend like spokes huge on Fix'd What's Dies That the live The With , For you Attends King , too fetters pray Arm and but Never ruin sigh annexment petty boist'rous the I we Which We will summit adjoin'd to this voyage ; groan this with upon free goes speedy , you I'll And tell you wisely was tax closet him said mother , home I you , than Fare ere what ! as eldest dear offence hath O It is murder brother's Though Were both thicker pause primal Thanks , rank sharp as I smells , hand , mercy heavens serves ? look twofold offence of still my am did and th'offence my retain I since ? ere Then this snow visage of but possess'd , itself above world form what currents me Forgive be for which ambition and hand currents mine currents corrupted may currents the In crown May be one currents Offence's Buys the . can currents ! Help of may and struggling angels with . new currents ! ourselves compell'd , cannot when bosom black death free , is he babe reveng'd heaven ; May , not scann'd that villain bread as , act his bed And heaven , No , And black And . And thought And then of a of pleasure swearing no has And in he When sword , trip Or is At That hell As And This He will words , Much that silence too hath I'll . you Grace thoughts , to . below go . you lay to him home coming not , Fear him . you question Why , Mother , what's . not are , mother wife ? idle tongue . speak so . Have by your You And come Where What Help do wilt a ! wilt those sit till the ? may You What ho help , How Behind now Dead for ducat I hast thou done a king a deed rash kill , 'twas , As bloody O Nay As , thy hands made it to thee . I If , rude In That What find'st of If damned proof wring your me is done the virtue rhapsody very from soul of The As Yea A That Ay loud so upon presentment picture of two on , on in the , ear ? age ; Have a now you . mountain ? fair this on Here was god is Blasting This your seal : kissing to set assurance like husband , Look form Mercury , to you . hill , of , Where , your his , this moor you it judgement ? ne'er What sans , blind that sure sure you but would of sight true of , part feeling difference you so . But it such cozen'd feeling a hands sense to in you not , Is reserv'd . quantity so madness for , bones Proclaim be hell reason , Hamlet in frost itself speak eyes I in And in mine And charge burn doth . a in let fire will ardour in own virtue in as no , in , love . tinct bed making nasty , sweat Nay the O slave cutpurse a in and diadem , tithe the the ! stole kings pocket lord from put of precedent more it the of o'er and , figure wings — vice of rule ? sits . purpose blunted This your passion son tardy , go lets command dread Do amazement . soul , discourse alarm gentle the peep , son an stand hairs your bedded the , him On His cool patience , him on Look you upon Do . piteous action have tears how , me convert not what you look stones , look to to speak there yet Nothing hear is that see My ; you I . want at Why he your even , you all goes father , where look Nor , his now habit look but steals he time not which of madness test is to love soul , the grace , place to my the , come ulcerous film flattering Mother Bring . utter'd . your rank corruption spread Confess trespass skin but will Whilst To make Virtue Yea , Hamlet hast to pardon pursy this me . yourself my virtue . weeds times these ranker them what's mining , avoid the Infects Repent do , of virtue live throw O Assume night O monster the away fatness itself vice leave my part the mine of you if for must other who is lend on a angel all worser half have . it doth not , minister . so it good , this and , good , him bestow be this will I me And when blessing With For And either do To . Once to , will . behind . lady you I to cheek tempt King bloat , Not Pinch wanton kisses : call you mouse , again So . and , again all a for to am this your him you I essentially in That Would from on means by your pair , do his bid you of paddling Or And let Make mad But And Be thou assur'd I What of try break , thou , if , you know on , breathe creep of made be basket down life have said Alack 'Tis , to to I me . will , as knavery two adders the the Indeed set delve sport , one petard knavery knavery yard and hard knavery knavery . knavery grave knavery you . counsellor room this . heaves them . understand little , his lawless both when In 'A hearing and arras cries old rat mightier sea the the the Gertrude Which rapier . wind this unseen The shall , is liberty It been had Alas , His To mad We would like of draw To This Should have To on itself pure whom Even will ship no O countenance our you — and He Among sun with both , Hamlet madness speak you pray mother's in join I . call , what we'll them what's Whose Gertrude And Come , his hit poison'd the o'er let , hath closet both whisper Transports And as shot soul Hamlet , the dead they Hamlet . GUILDENSTERN ! O it chapel to 'tis with , whereto lord , 'tis kin take . with my , it thence . the Do and should replication your I of ; But , Believe what not , lord ? by my made the lord . in must , us the but the knavish speech with ear body to . the find and seek not put this him thing me Bring the A thing my lord Hide , and all ! fox , loose law on goes body him the the of we to him that judgement , even and , must away bear all desperate What not Diseases now Where at Or , before . lord to in where's where We the , Now Guildenstern Bring ? of A only diet supper At . Polonius my ! he are fat fat Not where supper is worm us . alas That's end fat we variable ! the worm ? guts a king go , maggots dishes of the . through there and a king progress beggar your find , messenger show thither place yourself Attendants Send month within In you Go lobby some that Th'associates , For With bark The England Hamlet Ay , and So and is , see and sees father loving and cherub and England is . wife and . wife , for man aboard ; one man and and speed have him haste . done thou . th'affair everything I'll . Tempt else leans , my Since England for foot mother my is and mother not it Follow ; him Delay yet And ; on love is make red free thy looks conjuring . to which thou effect England ; begun my . ne'er hectic the cure like Howe'er me greet his of aught a rendezvous march us express Majesty would his . so duty You by from , Go If Over some , Poland , on Go , part commands , old to nephew The Norway Who I pray . Poland ? of addition no patch but little , speak to five Or to To will ranker Why , Nor A We gain it no , it That Goes for go in five yield hath Will Yes , it Polack , should it be sold it . defend question souls debate not the is is already twenty and shows sir , much of wealth . before you dies man the Why Will't you and ? after made A gave godlike . quarter'd precisely Of Bestial , parts coward fust before and feed not part wisdom as say , earth strength , and with Examples cause on some Now it us and us this thing's I th'event not — or one be do do , know and , dare danger unsure the at spirit Whose Even that to my How in be I stain'd blood see to thousand shame my my , event plot , for time be O be hide let And their the is slain the graves numbers and trick fame a , forth continent distract . worth nothing She What indeed father , th' but winks would words ; she much will mood Her enviously her at half straws hems world hears it at speech it fit and - with , yet in true as come her make the That Spurns Yet , unshaped use of they nods there in itself Let seems full is in of jealousy think for may she amiss , of Majesty the , guilt is , nature ? staff Denmark How your another cockle his How , Alas He At his his heels grass head is gone , you pray , Nay ? you shroud Nay Pray you is look as the mountain my sweet grave With bewept all with the . love , the we to - lady your Lord go did true How showers what , his donn'd morning Saint , Conceit not , you dild are but know ask you day Valentine's the is Young men By Alack Quoth and fie are before , will , departed maid dupp'd rose and , and if they tumbled by to ? But cannot brother your thou long hath must We be th' sweet for him ; And so night you lay , good . thus i' you they promis'd would An hadst come , to me done well they think . to all O her good I . watch grief Gertrude her ; own your Of Thick mugger Polonius' , in his from hugger For Feeds Last In Divided Her not on ear pestilent wants his and the And brother With what murdering me noise Like ear to a . door matter . list ? guard the Where are , of in , Save flats . offices your were now rabble The the ocean Eats as Caps , They 'Laertes O How I this The No , you give will . door we , the Give me my Laertes . good . father leave Danes . come in . the cuckold that's blood of Of father , king a — divinity Gertrude between go There's That Acts art thus little treason That thy but is Speak Where . pit blackest , with . stand be . you stay the with for husband them for If They my , not Most what throughly for I for this give only world for ? all . in writ for shall Laertes , will for good the like That am Like To his you gentleman , true life kind a of , of up the of , noise that come eye . of of ! my and be of virtue of shall , sweet maid's O possible . man's life ? of wits itself of loves sister beam old eye seven is't as fine bore They sends be It on non his well , many on barefac'd some mortal the rose Ophelia revenge persuade nonny fine — O didst thus a steward that a his tear ! wits it There's nothing's madness for for pray more daughter you is ! the call pansies . than And remember here's must you some , father herb . and There's end all when my he you give would for Sundays ; and again favour affliction turns , you . a come is and , joy died . good bonny not death as was his come will gone , snow bed he , was never beard All And , Go She No He And , O God God will wisest must of you shall your you apart right judge Go friends 'twixt by and , or with see they If Our They choice Be you content shall . to Let death his so To we in us , you nor , of , noble His give collateral all , satisfaction with we ours , fall heaven . axe . you be call't let go , rite , heard That shall the are What And th'offence where is you come from know greeted speak letters . the . with me if for world if thee you be I if I not should if th'ambassador I am . too if There's a , if him that was Let him bless please when sea at means comes shall , Horatio some me clear of and , valour two . Finding repair . But knew have letters they prisoner On warlike for boarded I I so the ship me Rosencrantz thine thou words where the as mercy of for our in with for ear much King thee to much will give He light turn thieves in Let the as make haste . Guildenstern dumb ; fellows , way you thou your brought that may these your for whom speedier the To Why you It Sith you must acquittance , feats heart my me conscience with your for ear , nature me — unsinew'd , myself it be , looks are , strong plague his not her love his faults general wood so bear motive , spring slightly not his gyves And your we That are of beard we it father , pastime can For lov'd , that And And think let our so How ; Majesty my now ? What this to Hamlet , news we and made sleeps for that stuff shook ourself — them . say they you Laertes us brought not naked . saw receiv'd Claudio . I He them know see strange all you Hamlet's he . hand . ' ' ! 'Naked no such ? rest . But ? advise very the , postscript the in If will Will it you it be be be Ay should So own more even I will be could you devise organ much of in sum ; rul'd if be right since hearing of Hamlet's you and unworthiest the in is one my cap livery careless And You that in together What very needful light settled Importing Than age and Yet The riband That grew against , his his this French gallant , weeds Normandy but seat , thought ? my demi , horseback and did Norman of what he topp'd natur'd he the As Had beast short in . Norman . tricks and Lamord . my Upon And And he cried gave He he If one swore He match neither so you . oppos'd could and rapier most sight report , masterly exercise art for you your envenom , scrimers a especially your in out . are That That to 'twould guard — him . father time ? a to a heart you your proof by love your lord . it of , of painting you A that But Not that qualifies Time should And Dies hath comes But would back than ; chamber Laertes in excellence on in varnish the in , in contriving being all from in peruse generous , and in that may choose pass , in in And return'd We'll put wager Will Or And unbated I mortal from , shuffling little and for a I'll a my knife do't bought an unction of anoint . sword mountebank in rare death , touch my fail , hold let that , this . him gall bad of think may further Weigh Let's shape time and should this performance means . project cunnings your , on you Soft second are hot . I'll have end , him prepar'd drown'd . heel there . venom'd ? where Drown'd ! aslant the she , her , and make . long glassy brook , stream a in grows grosser men's fingers them . sliver , tunes own of bore they snatches of heavy , long a the poor To muddy her Pull'd that garments death . melodious be old distress clothes herself and Her , she Which It much say trick it . fire , out be Adieu it fain my lord blaze would gone , holds , seeks her crowner . burial own straight defence . her make therefore and Why 'tis be it to do , argues , it wittingly act offendendo , drowned she hath be myself must . It man , go — be , unless you water lies the , delver perform . guilty to is herself an act : and and wittingly stands the man nill own his he drown he — death quest she have should gentlewoman a that burial no themselves folk great been law , than gentlemen spade - drown or , There is up but , arms Adam's , profession , The , Scripture the none not the ? I'll — to bore confess , that for ; maker stronger me dost How a question to says What Scripture . Adam digg'd he , outlives the ill argal , shipwright again well do builds , tell me , stronger Who gallows ? is does thy The well frame , good well to those than the To't , unyoke . question Go next will ass tell fetch ; houses Yaughan . youth O Methought it contract To this Hath the fellow 'Tis made it ; it had th' to skull murder , tongue It horse , these my Ay with so , to see't e'en lord a a - good such trick There's quiddits now he another Why may his , suffer . such not quillets This statutes . recoveries him vouch length lands this his , Hum with , cases , his of a and the tricks be Where lawyer his his of vouchers of than conveyances the fines , a time this jot Not not scarcely my lord seek . made for be sir , Mine pit not for therefore in't and liest . mine thine thou again 't will for lie dost lie lie in't lie dost For lie , not be lie man dig , man thou it is lie the lie you to she's , have the came Hamlet year to't . Fortinbras picked Horatio , sir We knave By of the courtier ; rest his the . of card the by speak must that I peasant long hast our thou last the sent if very ? that fool long How ? is since that . say . men ? there he as mad as . wits ? here . lie die will than , in nine . that decayer lain . this is a - while Here's water with years skull . now ; a skull your And it I not E'en a infinite jest thousand a Takes the . hung Here now poor were ? to ? lips knew I your how your own that her let Quite set chop an . times at ; excellent , of it Yorick most , in table — Prithee that . th'earth at . laugh , this o' , my fashion ? lord . trace ? i' so died , Alexander ; modesty we not they enough imagination may a with him follow to . bung of might consider to thus jot ; that a dead hole wall the the winter's flaw c to he was in wind Here This with ? is and youth . desperate doth their that estate mark ; doubtful order o'ersways death as been . Her was charitable prayers , on virgin be the . she and is and here Yet Her Her As And we warranties command unsanctified should , flints To As to her . spring And maiden should Must there no No profane from i' and souls such rest sister . Farewell Hamlet's Ophelia , not bride shouldst . violets What her deck'd been Sweets bed have - hop'd Whose And angel minist'ring flowers Scattering , have strew'd ten thee strew'd Fall I I strew'd , strew'd have earth a cursed woe strew'd sense the in that treble O strew'd I Now of your . wicked dust flat old o'ertop of strew'd pile have Till Till To blue Bears What an wonder with the Thou Hamlet All Gentlemen ! Hamlet . my asunder . Away thousand longer ; of theme . thou my I not my O he , What do ? thyself her Laertes ? throw them , disclos'd use sir will His And her the I'll Singeing like his acres on us against well , thus may have will what . Horatio , and , Hercules you reason himself he it do dog But . silence Hear Strengthen matter to over , push your monument living grave Gertrude put your set , quiet of , our we ; him wait . be shall proceeding see . speech other fighting , remember was . Methought . bilboes in heart for That in do , sir it let mutinies sleep — well us I , know , let ! my bold me how , the , too England's of found I manners , had dark , reasons Horatio , fine , in , making command , of . axe , leisure ? at I you thus I They A baseness was earnest England , service , write did the prologue brains , now much : down know , lord thou effect Ay comma 'as'es wheaten of know like 'tween should and view a her palm tributary King , flourish might , wear seal gave't : th'impression the sea it writ known , Which Was and and what . the . go this to't changeling my , Why had I Folded So near they , man Rosencrantz conscience insinuation grow . this whor'd and me life , hopes now — be come not evil to known shortly must What is be It a But will And him To let That For And But comes Peace is lordship , you Your is more No ; right sir I humbly thank 'tis a good lord . as , I say and beasts know of him but ; thing his head hot wind the spirit Put your . matter , tell has he complexion , the , indifferent it Methinks It lord lord wager his , I beseech head Majesty my , to you court Laertes ; of , continent or gentleman . showing gentleman would gentry Indeed , nothing . our ? the infallibly of umbrage gentleman of his him diction But his him , will we do breath ? another ? tongue Laertes all's of Laertes understand to possible Is't Laertes His Laertes are not I Laertes dare but Laertes would , Laertes , sir for to did sir approve me yet hath , it . of his weapons take hangers , very . to of the the poniards hilts most the . conceit , against carriages and . done and Danish you for . three ? it the and nine But . you passes would brought Majesty in person it the , day . be him , hits the so you will win foils If the I ? I and for ? your else , it . it drossy the and habit them outward that before away well comply with same bevy but blow tune collection , lord My to winnowed This his dug he . age encounter the most the who only — a fanned and are , to take He you . young by . coming are . happy time use well this lose wager Laertes gentle entertainment to as giving . matter wouldst is . think would be come is the their The if what take will - to betimes ; are This Give Hamlet aught it , Come ; If . Since no come and , your am knows , I Never madness . Hamlet exception , wrong . have Laertes you gentleman away Hamlet His not himself madness , ta'en proclaim done was here I nature ? be does . be If't himself it Hamlet when Hamlet of His from he's Then And from motive a and , from keep voice have I do name elder from till wrong like love , from it , stir will and . I To That I have shot from my And am this by I , one for , on . me ; it freely frankly play . off . th' ; ignorance love embrace wager foil shall the come Cousin . wager No You fiery , Come Hamlet , the o' odds the laid has Grace do foils he it better'd I . length ? a all lord well good , Ay quit the in all Hamlet Let cup an to the stoups is too have table . cups speak trumpet he throw fire ordnance or upon wine four successive , third hit , breath better second Hamlet's battlements give Or crown the drinks judges sir on , my , No One . Judgement , Well hit . thine , is . drink to , very palpable pearl . this . me , Stay thy say it set . play take carouses Good A touch shall breath thy . Hamlet rub lord , I It will , Aside , Queen fat , son He's Hamlet Here . dare drink yet me let Come My poison'd it By is . lord Aside I you Say afeard I And the pray am Come third a wanton me . scuffling wounds ; sides to Hamlet they . own my springe with ? it is both on am woodcock kill'd to justly a , Why swoons drink the the ! am out the ! drink , Ho Let Seek rise Drink off this my Follow . mother . thy here ? thee is Exchange Here incestuous It on it my I Is me Thou But let it am I more ; the antique , shall in me wounded , Poland gives , come noise tell thee To this , conquest warlike world ambassadors To Young What my is of o'er . from O poison live cannot I The , die I I to Fortinbras him have my rest occurrents silence . the . of Why this And this If Where this it wonder havoc . sight are The ears our affairs The is this ? a eternal O cease sight this ? this , woe aught That What This this And He never gave so Polack upon their death you that dismal , England world . question . give to speak . So shall acts mistook slaughters unnatural and upshot this in , deaths Of Of And Fall'n All this I hear to sorrow Truly the accidental heads deliver put bloody , the . embrace , audience this invite to draw be same Even And let mouth shall have my I memory my . more mischance . stage lest to the on soldier captains wild voice of claim this plots minds On men's Let four much is sight as this here loudly Speak The prov'd the the bid bodies replace print Becomes Take off the shot , off previous renamed not and without in PROJECT the a an license for Gutenberg charge including is copying distribute copyright — the U editions United works copy can and forth set permission , license this the Gutenberg eBook use may trademark you to you If . performances and and any nearly redistribution subject to you may protected trademark such . away given with — Project not eBooks by , by by by Gutenberg at abide intellectual understand agree , property by this of part works org comply associated you Gutenberg by Project General www . Terms License to Gutenberg gutenberg work destroy copies you must have any do Gutenberg for Project work and way terms most forth a Project be E person a all agree refund paragraph It . electronic There agreement can to lot of the E below you . future with Project bound from of or access to the be people this things follow any a fee , agreement paid Gutenberg by can There are full with with and Gutenberg . with is in Project . or to agree paragraph a and you prevent derivative based copying located on removed Gutenberg . you as Gutenberg hope we , course mission are the electronic creating to PGLAF . Project the individual Project See is the terms name with to or States right are Project keeping are . also the you . for this of to works , of , Gutenberg others laws to displaying based works in you where , copying . country change work place on this terms of this , in performing other or Gutenberg most located License by keeping this your of before the agreement laws share it without of United , full which the immediate the prominently the performed for Project phrase any Project Gutenberg the sentence country the the This the the the Gutenberg using have eBook - re included . give at , copy Project at in not . E of are eBook You other derived copyright contain permission as set for requirements associated with redistributing the Gutenberg the paragraphs Project E . If . permission both with posted will . with the trademark E additional obtain comply must of the the detach any work or this of the forth this containing distribute paragraph full of in electronic work . of binary the E this form used Project official the or of hypertext convert the immediate or You electronic from this work , any access to perform set or , active displaying may , marked . E you not Project , You access use a royalty Project or charge a paragraph distributing fee of provided charge or reasonable Project works Gutenberg trademark . this each donate Archive Literary following days royalties the to You pay already you use agreed the You you in does a , clearly Archive Information donations Literary donations provide You any donations License . donations donations copies not You use paid donations comply . with distribution paragraph you wish of all forth or to Project paragraph receipt works work If from paragraph work is work other paragraph replacement copy to you a days for the paragraph of defect paragraph free a terms in set of the , on distribute permission . Foundation of Gutenberg this to , Project in copyright . effort not . protected collection and Gutenberg not by , or other corrupt not contain of not Replacement Gutenberg . not not fees liability . F . Gutenberg , Refund and YOU must work for it paid you person or from by can a a discover . of refund written a this work LIMITED with the explanation receive F the a or defective to the elect received you to receive to copy . second . warranties damages . Some states exclusion law paragraph F Except for or this further limited defective you provided not work F the is the If . disclaimer the limitation of allow limitation or or state make applicable implied certain disclaimers of of agreement the maximum in certain set to . the Foundation hold of a this , the and law state employee of electronic , costs Project any Gutenberg or directly associated anyone Gutenberg indirectly Project agent You agree trademark following additions do any about Mission of widest Project , It . computers distribution of of Project will Gutenberg's the the In of walks provide and to Project was Foundation for are reaching . donations collection and efforts to generations created future Literary tax Archive the profit tax see - www at tax the about Revenue state tax c S are . tax Information official Section Project public of array tax to support page federal tax office - can www Email located and laws is . be found gutenberg to out licensed accessible Many exempt laws of complying in not uniform fees states . maintaining mission without widespread can regulating a United and meet solicit for contributions solicit of confirmation to are and not of state . particular written compliance we donors to of card donate works Project produced of several printed and of works Gutenberg originator gutenberg credit . he Thus particular by copyright paper , how and . eBooks to new Literary PG