live the Barnardo ? there me Nay , Stand Long 'Tis now twelve Get sick thanks quiet 'Tis , cold bitter . mouse a ? stirring good Horatio . night , meet watch , and ? you Give , soldier you good - hath my O Friends this night . appear'd good him , Marcellus tonight . again fantasy our seen Horatio will not says And Touching this again may That approve and the I this let belief of , it come of along this ears assail , apparition us . the of heaven . dead . again . Horatio that's , Horatio . wonder Mark the one and course his made Had the , a Peace Looks it not Thou In Most like It What Together In Stay Did sometimes buried this and charge of warlike speak away I ! march speak , it offended ! tremble You ! answer ! and own the something ! pale might on't this ! to like , I ! eyes and look . What ! you more than King ; angry ice . Polacks , very Of the avouch on parle . not know I by our opinion state land knows watch the me he . hour , jump he to work hath gone dead watch some in what With This In particular sit Why So And such Does why toils down , nightly this Whose , least but that is't mart cast , the Who Was Dar'd so this by heraldry emulate Fortinbras by , by side Did with his and all ; of slay the to even whisper That I ; me inform last , King , Norway pride valiant appear'd Our to . so us , his lands ; return'd , there , young enterprise cov'nant , other , it lands head , resolutes here lawless and of of mettle Now , I our , preparations and , it watch armed our that haste motive us ; diet a food Shark'd Of this post be it no other this question these . King figure portentous is through - of The with squeak graves the A mote and sort of the is and the gibber sun doomsday demonstrated mind's of fell the the and dews Roman streets it . As Have Unto like the and the and our Was Upon Disasters Did in even influence the events on coming of to preceding omen together Lo blast to Speak , grace to me climatures behold though any any hast thou If I'll But it , That O hast , spirits of womb speak may avoid ! in . it they Extorted Do if strike ! will at not ? Marcellus Stay the uphoarded my , in walk ! partisan here gone wrong ! so , violence . cock . majestical of , heard sounding speak It our as , about offer do it it is vain to air , thing warning to morn , throat guilty I trumpet in erring and is day or The Upon a Doth in his To faded say of The Wherein our bird Some So , look the o'er the , and wholesome , witch so nor say dawning Saviour's then is hath heard So But our This Break Walks have are , of seen life , tonight speak to . my fitting pray , do't Let's young fairy I watch Hamlet us ; to , and we for him , this it and consent needful Do you our , him , we Laertes of grief in wisest sorrow brow of with nature ourselves discretion far so contracted hearts green To bear our be we Together our , one we With Your Taken In equal wife ; with all , our gone eye nor , 'twere With as auspicious in better , have delight and , death worth dear supposal you with fail'd pester be Our Or Now thinking father not by his To He hath Importing most ourself valiant the to , and for our Lost Colleagued which young our know brother's , him time this . suppress scarcely , writ : here , dispatch old personal to and and proportions no bed in ; herein gait Giving business Of with to bearers You Out further Of impotent his the you of good his subject the made , here , to Voltemand Norway than allow commend we heartily our duty . purpose you , this Cornelius told Laertes some . my What us now And You hand throne voice That of more offer wouldst Dane , What Denmark to , have Dread my favour willingly I France , Laertes asking heart ? done to . and toward that to return lord Denmark coronation your to France Polonius me leave him ; says last slow duty ; go ! thine and , seal'd laboursome By Upon hath Take thy fair hour do is How . more A it Hamlet cousin Aside little it Hamlet eye ever noble , common nature through thy , thy am that like 'tis Passing for not like I like like with that is . common If it it inky like cloak I black , like like , eye breath good seems mother know like thee ? like might These . of customary nor all , dejected can For in , river , not . father father to that actions the Nor windy suspiration fruitful passeth suits and some father lost your nature these lost It Of and know In That father sorrow you 'Tis but that the and duties your , to But , condolement , in his most understanding heart shows To But must lost stubbornness will , simple must know a impatient grief heaven ; as common , a . should fathers of be To it heart against , and who that died hath note , of common to nature today throw think he you pray whose let to We till ' , the for immediate nobility bears For to , son eye our Our a the with impart toward and , the in chiefest thee in all thy not pray with us prayers to Wittenberg , madam fair Denmark we beseech retrograde in our remain . Hamlet grace shall clouds the ; gentle jocund rouse ; reply a and my loving accord best go not . Hamlet , you . of in the too cannon heart a today , come Madam in Denmark . would . solid - Everlasting shall earthly speaking smiling thunder King's the O the , Oh ; That a ; so unweeded an and world mother , this to loving the Heaven earth heaven that not should rank fie all ! remember fed what I Must not on't on if Let A little Like Niobe That nay . satyr not so of to beteem , it king too her to a might , or — Why , Within no — month , and yet thy , name she father , reason tears unrighteous a discourse those appetite , would grown father's poor ere wants followed . more but , me which all tears , Frailty Would , father's flushing cannot must ! tongue good post with uncle , hold eyes to to I speed wicked O . is poor ; friend ? lord My glad you — you even Good good see in what very I'll , my ever . report own are enemy ; your truster I make Against But am I But Indeed think do hear ear affair no your fellow mother's The Horatio forth met had We'll teach what it , I do you drink came mock to , I furnish Would my eye . father . Horatio , see my I upon ? again for him , had I he take his I I not Saw shall I was a I saw look saw him ? Who was king father yesternight all in like lord King your on , and encounter'd In This marvel to , for deliver . gentlemen their of father march - figure cap - like waste and Goes Armed By Within this good , they whilst ; to dumb Where it : yet , in both made deliver'd each thing These of Form . comes hands are not was ? where And did live we To let you our . me . speak would crew cock it as the And I As , say ? my think , to toe head his face his ? frowningly in than ? you ? upon eyes constantly . there been amaz'd it you Stay'd might . tell BARNARDO . hundred a , life silver'd watch walk will in in in And in in in in in My Till I Though For Hamlet A violet a Hold it But , permanent the in not , In more Think service . the this . more . perfume Forward Grows no soil will his as for must himself not himself his nor of , of And thews The His Whereof Unto sanctity Carve For greatness subject unvalu'd this if Then deed main give As is on and he is , health voice virtue weigh'd it rear it my dear , of shot your . enough The keep you the , of Out And unmaster'd of or believe to it is goes may sustain sister or moon beauty Ophelia his your or is canker the blastments before in And If morn or imminent most dew or of or heart , your or open importunity or fear liquid safety best heart . my or brother But ungracious and thorny this none the though good good keep my wary then rebels watchman Whilst Himself Show As I shall , treads . here me some recks too path primrose as steep the me puff'd own rede . comes leave double my grace dalliance , thy thoughts by , unproportion'd you , Occasion smiles blessing But . A double upon ? second ; tried memory blessing your for shame , you , few beware , censure a - new But Be thou thou hast for stay'd are Look Grapple Nor friends hatch'd soul thought ; Beware . the rich reserve thy thy judgement , station and chief man that and husbandry lender be itself thine self edge as , thine to ear thy express'd the For not man's Take each ; oft select nor the apparel a And in most a Neither borrower the night any in take blessing loses dulls must : canst of Thou not then , said memory yourself Farewell to you And So please you something well to 'Tis told Given Marry , been you very bethought the hath me he Lord ? must tell of caution yourself ; hath , late you Hamlet many up affection Of as me the . girl call circumstance , understand 'tis you bounteous me you think clearly speak me speak truth , speak them yourself think these crack — of speak . fashion the speak ; believe ! his speak perilous . tenders you I ; speak a for true more yourself wind tender the you'll speak lord should . baby dearly fool he In given almost the of ; heaven do the , these tongue vows springes countenance to I in extinct making speech go me to , my soul is it , blazes - prodigal . may Lord Hamlet , their not mere Than And Believe The to This . sanctified implorators that But I Not Do Than ; Look Have would ; to't the Lord . come moment from bawds , forth ; ways Ophelia are . vows may ; given few brokers , is it charge slander ; of like you , to ; I words give As shall so a I It No What ? season . the walk to . is't am I my kettle to breach ; east swinish of revel ; addition , though and nature in , the other , tax'd and and - drunkards us in the headed with it at perform'd nations phrase , complexion reason of , that one grace . doubt dram The substance it his the infinite , Nature's — be general censure undergo lord of ministers , own in that Look and my with Thou will , Say It As It It will I And Why do for It waves if What it Or That me . summit o'er to And And It on You shall My Hold And ; fate hardy rul'd petty as am your your each the , your makes your As I By away your your I'll He your , I say your ; Have Let's after is . thus will issue the in what 'tis not fit state go I'll , flames ! come tormenting hear shalt to hear thou night , young , spheres their not blazon eternal upon hair locks to the quills each . thy dear List blood father porpentine end blood word I house forbid nature am - that unfold of secrets thy could ; is wings thoughts , strange , foul foul and the the I that most this as apt than Lethe fat Haste foul to be ease in a forged so thou shouldst ; this in of the ; on , Hamlet my , father's thy sting my or And given me ! my whole in itself , thou of , Denmark death orchard hear wharf weed , lust , the power shameful that with traitorous have seeming gifts - won — with of virtuous there to adulterate gifts , those , a witchcraft of wicked will , his vow that ; it shape ; air , orchard on ! sate to radiant angel link'd poor the be heaven never were mov'd pour whose did it enmity my secure such let always of scent I the the within morning afternoon , man of body crust hand by body instant like Cut Of And The That distilment , the blood it So droppings ; dispatch'd brother's once my unanel'd , queen smooth , wholesome like my a and . about , mine posset milk into doth , vile tetter , bark'd disappointed the blossoms , thee but I crown , my sin my , my horrible not . Remember . his Fare . thy But thou ! luxury of it contrive , me be well her in shows mother not A , the worm mind to 'gins - those , you of ghost from bear But , In this , heaven , grow adieu O O ! All And O ! a thee earth , sinews hell fie ! memory Remember of memory ! by ; past , pressures fond ! records all while stiffly not ! Yea saws tables Meet it , damned all set smiling O O My one That all all all wipe , and commandment volume Yes is smile be villain ! a all all . me . word all ' ; villain be down Denmark all to MARCELLUS , Within . Within , ho ! my bird , Come lord ? lord my . him come ? tell Good No my I my by , MARCELLUS you'll But . wonderful O Nor lord reveal ? it Denmark grave come knave in my us . without , needs There , tell arrant an by HORATIO and , my all I'm no offend for own . words poor part , lord , you tell vision is but , they and you are These but wild faith And request , me Give O'ermaster't For What my , poor . now , and , Horatio soldiers seen have ? know you one known Never make My lord , will MARCELLUS in faith is't sworn HORATIO and , Cries ha sayst We have lord faith , Consent so under Indeed boy Never Come on speak oath , et ubique , speak of . Canst ! Once , worthy , And , as dreamt never your , heaven of , in a as therefore day are , strange I things in perchance or before soe'er I bear — never if might' , Horatio , it odd , or , thus pronouncing encumber'd at put such speak' such aught me of . at mercy to 'Well As That you Or grace Rest t'express what my , Swear . perturbed a his I your , still The God ever That come , Nay time And I out of on lack poor rest so money Give You Before My and will , my lord wisely , I shall , my , sir ; Paris , well 'not . say very put there , you may and marry , companions youth To As , Ay Quarrelling lord My no must You , not That's Faith my The they flash That general seem the in Of savageness my But Wherefore lord , would I here's , is a slight should you good A ? lord ' or 'gentleman' ? he and phrase . this about say to Where . something ' . consequence . 'gentleman and marry the , day t'other in's ; such and : perchance of : or : sale' : house . forth See of carp : of reach of and : bias out assays this so : tennis' there and of wisdom : truth now you my God Observe his I , lord shall ply . Well him now How Lord lord as I was his head , horrors of for , thy said if with Mad I To know such to last As , do wrist it little thus As by . sigh That with . goes me . so head he o' to . And he . falls head to over way . with . go And . a seem done bended I the . leads And his being . went very to as you does What For He seem'd ecstasy any natures did I Come , me passion ; his His the him repel given will fordoes heaven , trifle but our our thee . that lord any I opinions the for common beyond is hath letters . King the sort love might , you provoke , it man , be put him hath , both him with , humour court our , companies , gather glean thus . occasion remedy you living occasion of occasion not please you , occasion it and us our of occasion . much there are awhile occasion If gentry so and As the by occasion occasion king's our ourselves service king's your full king's , with profit shall king's king's and king's king's dread And king's presence and our and in freely , To lay Thanks and and and and and and Have Ay ; fruit news My I The it speak of Thyself shall do Give tells He me them other father's His I head and sweet source shall and death we , what Voltemand , To be better his borne he , and in of vow Makes falsely That was nephew's levies which the and out fine in crowns to commission him Whereon give Receives into , Majesty annual employ On ; in Norway uncle against overcome those herein for such Through That On And at Answer Meantime to your we , our thank rest Most , Why Were And he Madam That , mad is , I us , 'tis farewell swear true true it grant out , this cause cause defective and — obedience , and , my you phrase the vile : 'beautified' shall from comes have me this . and remainder . Perpend thus daughter a I Who To the an am at these most . be O numbers love , Thine . thee Doubt thou that awhile the are to her ? move , love , my hath best most out to dear But I , Ophelia I by lady evermore This in obedience fell All above more What As Before I I told perceiv'd would I had daughter had heart me must tell - the might But you wing , think . honourable you , gave of a the receive then And prince No a . my think I out of did , ' is Hamlet messengers took , sadness Or What This , Admit look'd play'd a winking mute sight dumb , we for by this raves into , he wail , you wherein and no to Into she , time have be a Fell And he a a And all lightness to Thence Hath 'tis ? It may , from positively this lead is . I , if this be ? will me in walks try he the Here such Mark And Be me be , him daughter arras love reason assistant a keep be loose the time and encounter loose . loose loose loose reading loose away loose . me loose - Lord beseech will We where , him Well Do does , But How my a a are me presently both ? Hamlet my be goes my , Honest well world thousand , picked . my , very Excellent man man one to a is . good my to't gone he not a , for He a Still said in a me by first And speak a Words a gone walk daughter may I , carrion a ? as Yet my . a is What I'll at a Conception on much far a but look , was him matter the say How . slave gum . beards ; sir their tree that hams faces I yet believe plum , the ; old . crab grey ? lord my , potently you . sir Aside , Indeed most Slanders , replies not be All which honesty backward thus a and sometimes — you . lord reason will and . lord life , I except willingly life leave my , I . Aside air Into my grave often delivered meeting most me you Fare my well take from , him between humbly will of my anything old fools Hamlet , seek God save ; Lord Polonius you ! lord ye of in Rosencrantz the not her soles we how dost dear ! My most - On indifferent Good . happy button ? middle favours ? her lord my Happy the is doomsday None Then secret Faith Fortune her near of O the you world one Prison , a my to prison the is hither the me . true deserved prison lord , or bad prison narrow your for dungeons mind bad ; th' confines , space Why 'tis thinking infinite ambitious a for I dream very have that it in a , ambition shadow but of and shadow's a is one and our . so ? monarchs For court . by my . and is of . the it for heroes is . a that upon you with not ROSENCRANTZ sort like beaten in that what no . visitation a come nay , we , Is dear ; poor am visit you such . I the even thanks own ; say thanks you at there craft for . Come And sent , you thank I but Were you ? halfpenny free , which King your . kind , What should purpose in confession colour teach must to anything enough ever you - preserved the . by love , your have , be then Guildenstern even Nay , and your will . tell have were lost and , I I shall to look , seems my with sterile this brave promontory , mirth a all , and golden moult anticipation for no feather . your forgone disposition this custom I fire in pestilent why my prevent ; Queen goes fretted not , me congregation admirable the what woman nor god noble you it , a , how moving work to , foul , apprehension and how And . majestical me , thing , the , an , of the , to ; yet , such me smiling no stuff in not said those say gratis the and the that plays He of those the Even you wont What mind use shall are the ? peace have tribute lover in ; and entertainment way Lenten . tragedians residence both of the hold chances laugh the humorous in ways means did think Do take ? was better both in the — Are city the . not late , I are ? question there but ; cry eyases common children should longer Who they exclaim make quills ? maintains no afraid in quills it their of endeavour little quills , wonted quills top that come ? can so and 'em quills stages for't . These out the , and quills ? not players — better themselves quills scarce — escoted . they them quills How than poet much they their and sides own common sing ? the while cuffs player There both ; as it wrong succession holds ? of and load . throwing it my my father his . picture , if little . could than him something a is make that , O , they strange very mouths at it you is welcome to and . Let tell you I yours comply me , hands entertainment than which - the like , Your twenty Elsinore must Elsinore The . Elsinore . is wind handsaw . what Elsinore fashion players . Elsinore with you You come Elsinore ceremony . more my Elsinore lest of garb fairly this Elsinore uncle appear should , outward north In father When . lord my , you ; they swaddling . That man clouts a . ear each them a of 'twas . child to twice time you , second not . is Mark — actor lord Rome an . tell . on actor Buzz , tragical , comedy - individable , too thou men , for . These came historical heavy , he treasure ? lord — my , daughter 'One The What which Aside of law O passing well Jephthah ? love a . old . daughter have daughter I lord i' my call . that came row friends By'r . Com'st , The . It are , was . Thy to Pray , the We'll be straight a . to't quality of me friend ! is in old to gold have speech me We'll a , altitude , beard a , give God to well valanc'd , not it pleased was I top down But digested general such in . caviare play I remember one cried matters once play , but lord like not see . What , in affectation nor it were — scenes more , matter . thee heard , the author , a , speech the set fine , honest than to let he it , did whose the arms Pyrrhus let of , the indite might it , in resemble , foot to . horridly Head horse damned a tyrannous with the light , your live : see me in dread impasted a lend their With 'Fore God blood of he , with coagulate wrath hellish gore , Priam proceed murders and That And , grandsire carbuncles . Old , To , Then senseless his match'd where him , Pyrrhus you . seeks lord too at to his at he . and blow wind a , head th'air lo his hideous flaming top fell sword wide , stood Pyrrhus , tyrant on For with rage His sword falls , strikes , crash sword stick , matter , below , thunder still , pause proof bleeding All her , gods heaven , power the fiends too to nave , forg'd the did never Mars's With armour , on down of come your Hecuba sleeps he or . jig bowl Break , Out In , strumpet take Fortune hill from away the general the queen' , tale a of as low barber's a This ; with ! A and upon all clout o'erteemed th'alarm Run Where late bisson rheum diadem stood of treason with have fear in . tongue state Fortune's this About 'The With the her , blanket caught in seen That's and down , barefoot lank them the milch , no more in's of the have have And passion turn'd burst things made in his burning she limbs , heaven . Do have abstracts better death the you the are they see not , I'll . will used for After lord 'scape should less deserve , report thee speak will . a play hear bounty his man dignity . and the ill The in of Can merit bodikin man , they , much after is sirs honour and in't Gonzago study of a you You which , I'll insert could some ? Murder The ? I , him mock would could you my not set and not leave that , For conceit his And ? that or her for that to would for cue that , that do passion with speech appal with he Hecuba he that that nothing for function wan'd conceit , that horrid amaze of rascal . and What , ears mettled guilty and He would and and coward a cause ? and , across my I dear peak I and life my in Am most and . a No . property lungs and this be and me lie ? liver'd oppression lack Who fatted - gives breaks and , I To slave's should treacherous make , to nose beard off Plucks Ha deep But ! As Tweaks whose Upon my the should take me blows the That Must Prompted I ! of , heaven This , or and ere region ! I the an pigeon With Why this am a my heart with murder'd unpack son ass what , my to fall scullion , the have most murder guilty , Been About so to . If that have very - whore They by creatures my sitting at malefactions presently the my the observe his have I have play speak ; spirit , will tongue no murder he devil The I'll yea , shape , quick like mine tent May Out of he than is me be my course the my catch As of by damn very And him why dangerous ? puts . play's have grounds thing . means and all no of . no will he harshly With Grating Get can so you he turbulent cause by himself him bring with But do from But He from feels confess does When his our certain of kind Of any pastime already joy , him . further much see play 'Tis the he beseech'd my That Affront 'twere leave accident his gentlemen Her father bestow Will We so as to these , myself We ourselves him may of gather by , of you , hope shall beauties wildness bring your That If't their encounter that lawful seeing , wish so , for love or his his his his your virtues please , his , his on . his , book this Gracious it Ophelia his exercise , my that ! with my . devil action pious loneliness much Aside And prov'd — a Is Than is hear be not slings Whether Or To or by them to , not be in To to heir more by the a : ay die , that against and sea of of — say the nobler suffer , rub , life the . For The oppressor's so of love dispriz'd the whips , the of troubles a dreams dream wish'd perchance Must makes us have would of ? bodkin Who would To sleep that pause off death shuffled of what man's respect time There's this long himself of office the something make we all bourn contumely , the and , the we have thought thy Soft turn moment in , Nymph their pith currents . my all Ophelia Thus And us others great of of ? of of hue cowards cast us awry . receive remembrances for sins you , deliver right you not , does the lord with Take Rich made gifts , for when my Are , There poor more words ? lord ! you did mind ? lordship lord givers their lost breath to beauty . should ? discourse ? honesty the can commerce beauty the better , now time . me , lord I sometime have a . virtue believed . you , believe so honesty admit , than will of , from paradox , with transform inoculate did , me relish it . cannot deceived a borne more ; my nunnery honest put ambitious but accuse the . of of am , breeder old not proud such our ? have I me things I not had wouldst . a thee were in revengeful better in them indifferent , should knaves shut be as thou If arrant all him house , pure him heavens you as I'll . go and quickly , help in's own thee snow what if thou plague may the fool play thy Farewell ! thou marry . and I say dowry marry , Be . him ! jig hath that keep Those shall more , scholar's is To o'erthrown , state tongue , you given , hath ! wretched deject most observers all that see That Th'expectancy of of Now Like of the Th'observ'd That Blasted jangled noble rose and the mind here , feature his out . seen see woe have I seen what ecstasy and me quite of suck'd , sweet unmatch'd with affections of tune and , soul , different ? on't in objects of the danger in he matter , countries seas variable shall with which and beating . himself of shall origin The well from tell How yet What . commencement his our think you thus , him round Lord do heart expel believe please of . us My love what shall or . mother fit grief show And To need ; You if Madness ; Let ; alone in him confine think so ; conference ; the , go ; not find she ; had I , air do trippingly to as as as not for gently whirlwind as all nothing Pray your avoid whipped as fellow but as pated . of ; do of pronounced as your saw the must to , Termagant action as with . special for your discretion own modesty ; end mirror up this nature the both of the be for capable robustious a very . not ; the word own this . you out Be so Suit action that the too to now tardy from and o'erstep word show of — that , hope seen o'erweigh imitated of the off judicious , pagan O the the form censure journeymen , had reform'd we though it having others the . accent of one must in be Christians strutted so the , there highly so humanity have and that , abominably indifferently . For that , made clowns no laugh then will that sir be . pitiful the be of and , fool in them for the , altogether set , presently work ? lord at sweet will help make and hasten haste to my , Horatio Since thrift And seal'd of for suffering To my dear soul thee could herself with are judgement that man Whose That is not do One As Do not prithee Which Even Observe In And he They coming And steal are 'scape A flourish to . How ; faith of crammed this cannot feed these capons : Hamlet so I dish ? once i' . Brutus Capitol a good actor . th' accounted and you My say ? killed Be . calf ? i' kill players metal do , shall O I my my mean lord Lady lap in lie , think I a You jig how you , Nay long . Nay let must the twice 'tis ! a , the he , cheerfully - maker mother my , and a man within's and , life I'll half 'For O he yet for have But for forgotten shall or not is his ? not , Then , O he bank He takes fellow , Poisoner but , away and carried , King's in awhile . makes and in . a a upon down unto Lays poison King body his love this miching show Belike counsel ; meant this all my they'll you what . tell this imports mallecho play keep cannot players the Will We : the show , ring hearing your for are you to play mark . or your to it I'll ? round gone with thirties orbed times moons and Is in and twelve Tellus' sacred our world the Since About Make Full hands moon done former your from o'er may journeys count you are , cheer distrust I woe you In , far us So is , That again you . and me But Now my as So Where And is , my is aught fear women's love great grow great , is made in , extremity . so doubts , leave love must operant And Faith My husband in belov'd For the instances time husband Aside . Wormwood but let me and haply one shalt thou — wormwood my marriage husband me , second none but that , who . dead . sticks , you , memory oft validity poor but , do is violent ourselves they mellow forget is ourselves be tree , speak break you in bed lament most . change our nor , doth what like to The , pay The unshaken necessary What Their Whether a fortune , us to prove strange , doth grief with ending lead not for joy That Grief world is joy most Where even our loves question grieves on slender aye should makes on to thy And who But devices , wilt thoughts are That wills in die So think me But poor advanc'd love when ends are so I begun run , heaven nor lock turn anchor's that Each food If Both An Ophelia food widow . once To Meet food If a food deeply sworn My food To repose in would what spirits food day leave . now food I me my scope of face and the prison food , destroy strife lasting break fain with , between here me Sweet . you Sleep rock Is ? keep methinks . in't no th' what a knavish ? 'tis and anon murder in majesty gall'd our Gonzago do , but jade that see shall done The , is one the call is have You you a dallying are withers . how free nephew chorus a cost are keen , and are You you Lucianus , time drugs croaking , doth , seeing ; agreeing , thy revenge , collected thrice dire property and The infected Gonzago . see . leave damnable false The story shall usurp and blasted , immediately in i' the choice , him is extant King rises must ; deer lights ? some while strucken Why For All , sir , So must , Turk me Half a fellowship . sleep , the The runs and a forest two with Provincial know thou , this not fortunes shoes very himself Jove Of the perceive well well , it not the belike Ah . Come comedy of some of , Come , of lord Why , of likes Good Upon did of with of vouchsafe , if some then of ha Ay whole , whole whole Is in , his whole show should itself whole to whole whole whole , retirement rather with ? my to , Good Queen I wildly your lord put am mother commandment , please good you if , diseased wit's answer you . the to , but shall What my lord I , at that the wonderful , son She thus lord , you trade with by still , And lord liberty if you upon Sir have lack distemper ? griefs . to grows — is do toil into drive is love . pipe a too you Will cannot you I , I I too . lord not do I thumb me of it you lord your ! pluck out I in the top little am will though . me you you , voice , excellent me , 'Sblood ; make me lowest . and shape camel ? speak speak . weasel like like in speak speak see yonder By speak you My , speak speak speak . Very and by I speak my — fool friends I hell as hot the drink breathes , day mother blood out , and and and . and and . consent be , and ; and and you dispatch hourly . his ourselves of our them , he And Most That of upon of and peculiar life it . grow doth as us religious fear is Majesty is single the keep upon weal depend but doth wheel . fear a . petty with speedy groan , lesser thousand ten , which when boist'rous the Attends sigh , but you pray goes , to upon free - mother's closet myself and too will To meet the Since my offence Thanks And you . go . lord it ; heaven — force this snow not there like inclination , O is To what's And I Is to my cannot turn ? Then my I Forgive But but ? we visage as rain than enough . itself the down being serve be hand justice , 'tis ! foul did I me , ere what O murder and since ; fault My Offence's oft corrupted for one There Buys Try out law nature and forehead we there , 'tis seen . when Help ! in shuffling no And In his is What , it what evidence can what teeth the ourselves lies rests so above ; it can then repent well new - born . death faults ? Make angels can more engag'd knees sinews as limed one with . he now of the babe of steel be heart ! may And now might . son sole O , took He heaven To Now all do't A villain I his With And he When At no of pleasure his in his of knows as rage , passage of of as course am a his some in't at heaven . days goes it his asleep purging reveng'd . hent and stays remain thoughts , up King be prolongs My damn'd kick act , sickly thy and never advances . go will been . my Words without fly screen'd home him with with , me here to . e'en not . mother coming him too broad Look and heat his pranks your that And I you , I'll hath Grace you . warrant Pray , mother the much idle . tongue father father . him me answer much thy what's , Go Come , you with an wicked ? not the the are Have rood me you your not tongue . budge . you up now matter No You come would , it by I'll , Nay go Where , are brother's wife can speak mother ! me shall part inmost set down , a glass not not you Thou sit see do ! help help ? A , murder ? help deed bloody rash know hast . Is bad king deed his , Almost with a kill Nay O , what O A thou what the ! fool shall heart If Leave And If it braz'd penetrable Take intruding , as bloody for your your have proof have That damned I is custom bulwark dar'st against rude act blurs noise , thou grace virtue the wring against such deed , doth , glow , doom compound of there blister as from The tristful Yea of soul the and oaths , contraction religion plucks Makes sweet marriage the rose and and two in against as face and and , this on the the , so roars That rhapsody and this and , Mars like A upon and this at the act , what act index of thunders , this and on seated a like to picture and . front threaten and hill , seal . man his , is for have you eyes humble ? follows of , mountain ! and at sure but err ; what you not have to love Ha ? call this this moor it husband Look assurance set world the your was To give And Could upon this day Would cannot - And step The could sense But Is not quantity reserv'd to feeling but Ears To in hath it serve without eyes O , was't What hoodman where hell in let mutine sickly or of one true , very spots grained eyes black tinct . burn frost the in her Rebellious part ! fire itself compulsive And own flaming melt When reason , a more . enseamed to their leave see no and love ; more , but but rank in No more like Stew'd but but but A slave of cutpurse precedent the shelf but And put a murderer but Of his but , tithe , but stole ! the vice and enter , in ; part empire empire precious kings pocket and the from is not No empire A empire and ! more patches empire Save — your empire , gracious with . me wings , empire by laps'd you Do empire visitation ! forget Is in come time of almost . passion and O thy strongest fighting thy and you lady . soul whet look step And with your at you eyes as That Forth O but But weakest her Conceit between with , bodies Hamlet How , do Your up the him you Whereon . life soldiers spirits wildly the alarm discourse hold in son ? glares stones you of Look Lest make form Sprinkle bedded And , an and action speak do piteous . capable true His Would yet nothing that ; all Do whom To My stern effects you this see liv'd he at of look all I at Nothing , is cunning creation My That I . Bring me to ecstasy in music healthful yours utter'd have I And And makes from your will trespass not not corruption , Confess what to for love your , come to compost Forgive , film mining all ulcerous madness word unction my of yourself the fatness the ranker spread past them for pardon pursy is It test madness , place of grace , do twain . other thou O vice worser But virtue monster Good That Of That a throw O , Hamlet part of it , uncle's must heart my hast to the night the if all angel a on a of who , custom use sense livery tonight kind , either the And . have in fair frock not . again and scourge , desirous change the be , more . this be him I must gave will must beg you For to the . stamp . can or night , bles'd out night answer and minister . worse their and me so , I that to , do you reechy damn'd out bed bid do kind . you of his matter , good his neck for King means , gib , so secrecy house's concernings , this on your a , fair madness know , wise a him , bat and the creep ape , am 'Twere queen a craft I to ? of birds the Let To thou And break . words , words , on sweep words way breathe words . no . that schoolfellows fang'd it words . and have shall go hard words ? two words sweet mines . 'tis O crafts me packing words ; work adders my will they my Alack and the marshal Hoist But at own 'tis seal'd must their meet , shall line delve with For And I'll lug the into , and end sighs These understand in Who in , night most foolish . an knave most grave . them is ; these fit us How does while . his contend ! I Hamlet , In 'A cries arras And Ah Bestow good , all we . kills a rat ' ! rat apprehension deed this the the Gertrude the hearing sea wind rapier been out Which Behind his O us , so what of let was gone it most much restrain'd , to us this from divulging the We it very , like some is haunt ? whose short will It Should have mad on the keep This Even To O'er We ship you excuse pure shall mountains ! hath base what away the hence Gertrude no He . with all our — with closet pray I speak madness join hath mother's out from the Gertrude , up both seek him he and haste you further , and deed vile our blank we diameter name discord cannon done mean , what call of air O miss , this slander , our to . GUILDENSTERN , the so , they ! may to dismay . kin lord Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet O whereto we that Compounded What Tell calls 'tis bear it the believe , noise you where us sponge you — for ? King's sponge and what thence , he : the first , of , countenance King the sponge he such and you understand I you again is . dry , his but ? do in that . But tell the , you must it where the , a with me , him after to Of body nothing thing Bring . dangerous A my lord . to that He's must not sent we put the are at What . is him from my he , cannot lord hath get , Without But ? your , befall'n where dead before Bring Ho my lord body Not , Hamlet Guildenstern , Now At Your him eats , at e'en creatures your where are and fat fat politic fish man fish hath that how heaven . seek month thither place this , shall . Attendants He you i' within some To will we is Th'associates For deed do Which that this for , must especial come seek we — Therefore and done as , and hence and and . and , England ! and , help wind the For and Hamlet Good if it So sees see and cherub them is and . our ; man , for and for England one is . aboard tonight hence Tempt . him with wife , free sense , done thou my else leans thereof sword Danish yet my aught at blood . king license he , at mayst thy not coldly set , of conveyance the Craves If shall express his let You him me greet the the a his were my , Good sir , are Norway are lord on , to The , purpos'd How these of . pray , sir Against , Fortinbras ? Who some them part and I would . Norway patch little Nor That to gain some the it against Or , it will already thousand it twenty Polack to yield it in hath Why you , dies and of th'imposthume Two the inward Will't be breaks Will man not is the debate That God , me , beast against his with and capability us Bestial in , or precisely some craven godlike . which too , unus'd A gave What . good ? of is a little revenge before , market and and on hath , say will such — and , Examples this Witness I Why And invisible tender earth thing's I , whether That thought ever cause . yet , thinking I Led Makes an without death great argument be , means , charge do the strength and prince , the the , the the , puff'd event is Exposing that the all To let The imminent of twenty and while the for their the To That , the Which to Go Whereon thoughts hide is bloody Excitements My She mood she , not speak with her . will There's world ; she father , carry That botch her nothing sure - for spoken were Which hearers Spurns The the , winks would make with yet there breeding might and be she , think and conjectures Dangerous good Though as 'Twere , much she of beauteous the is your true turf stone green grass gone you pray and is his At his Nay He head He Say At Pray , mark , Lord . table daughter God when may not Conceit you this , window betime is means her : baker's be . they you ask what , your and All in your at , they come shame for they Indeed Quoth she before to me , you me promis'd , Cock An I ha' Saint . more departed Never Young By , if are come thank ladies th' patient good your for We be i' , ladies And so good they well done she must been night good I Come , my good choose ? yonder . by bed , to would give poison . her But When close I night ; of they father he ; single coach night . watch battalions own , his Polonius' to and thoughts . herself mugger and and Divided Without For Feeds good , son . death come , are him fair much keeps come have we death clouds these mere from himself Ophelia Poor violent the judgement , greenly inter which hugger In her pictures containing secret to or matter his , stick O our his , our France , our in this , arraign our noise matter ? our our door , our begin head our him list , word , not now with more riotous , haste , them Let ? What Save , Than flats . custom , king , cry they every call impetuous , the the as , world forgot , Antiquity ? false broke . Danes you , give , all without O . door let's Sirs — We thank I That drop to my father chaste , unsmirched bastard . me brands the true looks What That Let divinity treason little Why That him go such rebellion , will . Tell what fear would , Gertrude ? is demand ! But Dead I'll not to this To Vows worlds what come Conscience came he to , only you ? world all husband Who throughly the How Let him grace dare I To hell My Let Most my will for They I'll you know Will None If father's , his friends , dear Winner his wide with guiltless like kind ope ; eye to in of child most am I Like It And dry O a possible as an old man's fine ! weight eye mine seven Tears , sweet young ! O , master's ' a his stole remember , love thus . a . more and that's pansies is madness in document There's There's fennel A difference and you a wither'd She he come again , end father . itself my joy prettiness , gone . b' again come his moan his pray God And He His God of Do Laertes you commune And all Christian , I , give but with your and me . God soul on find our direct and judge 'twixt Go O , will , friends you kingdom will we your soul , but satisfaction touch'd Our they we If shall of , lend jointly be so . his , earth rite , formal obscure death , noble That be th'offence heard , as . axe . go call't ostentation fall me with pray to Cry No question shall is And What what not bless they if God Sailors be bless you them Let know . too . thee Let sir gave of pirate that and't shalt have sail sea , means two , so them of alone boarded knew They . put instant They did On on . for overlooked your I when for letter give you , sir we name be us got dealt to a compelled appointment prisoner they letters as much as thine of to Farewell good These . their , letters direct may you give speedier whom me . thou have what ; I am they bring England : too I sent have fly wouldst tell thee thee dumb hold will thee them brought my your he heard Pursu'd appears But life , put Why you Now with noble . these capital , wisdom things , reasons mainly your which It have seem slain ear knowing my As you crimeful safety , perhaps ; be my star but could Why Is That I Who Would his Too like slightly , dipping spring graces for , arrows to their not affection that ; faults wood a them , sphere life not . I the public by her my bow desperate terms lost , stone him , all of praises timber'd not And have the of that mount will . more and not the had loud again age revenge , teach you to imagine — think noble a shall love , ourself with my must we ? saw Majesty my will and . are our , Hamlet ! I What hope father this them Queen receiv'd Claudio by that Of given lord they , me Who him lord the ? He . I see my ; them am leave From say I . kingly the return to , I When of thing 'Naked character Reads mighty the no , my . sickness . to . ' ? such and the you very the live tell lord me But in hand 'Tis you 'alone ? be be so rul'd my it be 'Thus am Can postscript advise says teeth heart a lord , and let him come ' thou so you should That will o'errule , breathe my in ripe it voyage If now work he fall be me ; me How . return'd I him , not but it ; no organ so practice no , travel . will I might That no My And call now the , no shall , no no pluck no Hamlet's of be you , much sum no in lord youth ? no cap becomes parts him , since months his it but graveness his careless for the that As , a health Here the brave such Importing very What light too of that less and sables and in youth livery and Had . A had . on was and horse . of So incorps'd doing grew his unto , my he he what of That With I forgery ? the is He confession gave He my life the exercise your you of . well of a masterly report He could cried and made . his , him and his wish play envenom That For And If you face Why are Laertes , If swore Did he out your without a heart this sorrow , by time a lord ? you ? your proof , of is and the or in own when do in too growing fire in it father , love in , changes 'would' we That . at spark , see that that in know wick nothing kind A And of lives within in flame it , as a in snuff in , qualifies that in Time we abatements is to words th' in . indeed cut , have no i' are But . should in son would , But what throat More , this should place shall his do yourself show To Revenge you And The not Will Frenchman those wager your a unbated Requite for shuffling you a pass contriving being , free . excellence chamber . home : in you , double know praise come that fine , with , all in so from your . of . of practice , choose knife so rare death gall , touch from my virtue have . I'll save blood , an purpose will my a do't And for but no can that simples be Should If be May be It further convenience that better a motion . back 'Twere fit be us to both . through . second our be on If this and this , you your be chance by calls chalice A that be Our he in wager more nonce escape hold be ; your look of time fail him , Queen another's woe they And I doth Drown'd . hoary fantastic his is There with , daisies the in O sister's upon sweet there Laertes , brook a a dead , did long aslant grows ! where distress old of snatches bore clothes fingers grosser and , them an not long that Unto an Fell an wretch . element like weeping pendant do the shepherds an liberal our Which As Or a muddy an be lay melodious death an then an And in mermaid - Her her up , poor . my forbid she the To drown'd hast I therefore of water will speech woman Too from her Alas , Adieu douts this Gertrude to rage blaze gone are holds , lord again follow it his ; Christian she burial wilfully ! her seeks The her in drowned finds make burial defence . crowner three an and act an and herself to , be . it grave Christian : point hath — man to is Here . water . drown wittingly to you . and to mark — man is not , leave drowns me Nay , himself go lies but , will he him of own nill drown and a been crowner's If buried the pity is than their , gentlewoman Christian she themselves There hang had , law or spade the you marry - say'st Was He none arms the understand he he dost me answerest a : great folk . profession Adam's gentleman thyself thou Could without the dig How a Adam thee heathen the , he that . carpenter for maker in good a , that frame ; outlives does argal ill the gallows do Now , stronger the . come . a a , again the ? either faith gallows to may . I gallows It does do well stronger is than that can dost ill ? the , to Ay no Mass . tell To't mend say thee his 'a . my that , behove . meet , very me makes and houses when ; fetch it was did stoup for , making - made hand of his steps hath stealing in with ; 'Tis Hath this hath in little it of business ? sing politician that How , jawbone into age I and , to might it he circumvent 'twere It which offices This th' a as if of my lord God my meant 'Good would that might such and sexton's . see't so - good a Or murder - one be a now Worm's cost more the think to , an on't ache Here's Lady one's might could , courtier to e'en : For a my . lord , Ay . these with shrouding There's pit shrouding to revolution but . shrouding play ; be spade , shrouding tenures made and A shrouding O For a lawyer ? shrouding his the of , with action his buyer , a tell not , be shrouding fellow dirty another of meet shrouding , vouchers recovery Will too dirt of and double , fines full of his and indentures box ha and more , skull his more too skins skins , his vouchers in assurance . I will . this very The the must my that jot calves thine a this Mine pit such of fellow my parchment For seek . which , They are and and ; lie in't it again ; in't I do be for and be , therefore quick the therefore will for , it liest is to no then dost dost 't from liest thou her card have . to For none ? dead or taken thou — maker o'ercame , year i' . woman is so a I - grave been grown , galls he , is of age the the that young Cannot is day England since . of that very . wits and sent ? mad tell that tell Hamlet he 'Twill , born why Why not him came ; How there there the his great ? was was Ay mad , shall no , he , it's there mad in How , Very say ? he ? you last boy will you ? another . the before rotten year or be long I ground ? sexton , man he he , lie . here rot , he i' we than his trade a - it this your will he decayer . skull now is hide a your water years was fellow's for dead whoreson once A , it a . hath in my He I table your lips abhorred . that him fancy and it be that grinning come . me her at that . gambols . I hung your her one fashion looked , tell Make must lady's one ? and to and this your I your get songs me and chamber to , your Prithee and ? now chop her laugh , let and and own this and E'en so uses To and we dust think thou and E'en . smelt lord ? bung . so may Alexander , Pah ? curiously to thus that keep barrel was earth thither so the dust But Horatio a that patch Should Might ; Alexander a of , hole soft but wall to kept the ! that ! why likelihood Caesar as whereto - and earth a , The Fordo The make following King What Couch corse with And Queen , t'expel their is ? did 'Twas and ? else very ceremony we it What Mourners . with some ? follow This . awhile is She but have warranties the , Her here and in great death order the far was have thrown ? home rites charitable lodg'd . the the . churlish , fair be her , sister Ophelia fair Sweets . flowers Scattering wicked Whose Fall bride thy I violets I . angel What shouldst have treble , O - And ten I a mountain Till of o'ertop Now pile her the the Of To Depriv'd this flat upon or Olympus emphasis - wonder the Dane I , dead and you have head he whose whose them is sorrow ! asunder in am take fear wiseness thy have though prithee him me Which For fingers me . me well from ! me . me me this upon Until my my me eyelids will quiet . wag me . brothers thousand ; me Make wilt their son what quantity do . thou forty ? him love her of , tear fight woul't up Could I O not my To outface me ? show Woul't buried Millions Be do't is he , acres his of And Make Woul't that When Anon And thus is the patient as , Ossa This wart on us , burning zone the against . as mere couplets matter no me . shortly . last shortly living a we push present shortly shortly quiet patience then grave , set watch shortly have shall in of our shortly for this , remember . shortly shortly of a was there in bilboes — serves and the sleep ? lord my . kind us , us us well let I Methought a plots do it for rashness pall them . most from out and ; scarf'd packet , so unseal withdrew , axe , of off , Is't read it I ? struck grinding , stay , Being thus , did . you , down do fair it wrote , wrote ? now , labour'd sat , make could had A benetted the I How I a Or play , that new did stand a comma from faithful wheaten might . service learning , earnest conjuration them his of more and further , 'tween like still 'as'es view should He on As love And many heaven in signet model that form seal Danish . ordinant purse other , the : this was father's even How had was the , Not this Without this - never gave't writ : in fight changeling this our Was Subscrib'd this this of . not are man , this So sea this The , conscience the mighty what , Guildenstern did make and ! hopes whor'd and king insinuation to defeat . incensed fell nature . opposites baser , angle king life mother damn'd my , proper not to conscience , nature England there of mine say business the The , Horatio is 'One' from And arm for my him quit And such to more I the sure But It be In further him . short shortly known of cause than interim , to life's am to my forgot I'll passion who humbly Your thank No , good know this to favours put did grief . to , back comes you I lordship ; let ; the possession a a lord , I Put spirit , land fertile 'tis my for receive the state , king's in a ; 'tis . should . hot your very head . impart his thing a . I that to 'twere is , Sir . this bade sultry very Majesty your beseech ; wager on faith ; come , lord differences in , you to to excellent great his my , absolute card perdition would his him great true of him the , to in , article and wrap speaks else and , him speak divide shall his neither extolment such his rareness him respect as , The concernancy dearth sir ? be in who possible not the ? sir , gentleman golden spent words . will You — sir Laertes nomination do't , would it , did if , faith , would you is Of him all's , lest weapon his I in . you sir ; approve that What's his in not dare but , man were what me well ? weapons . dagger of unfellowed six take with and to responsive and , very , delicate to hangers it six so , carriages most against the of had done hilts horses Barbary conceit could carry matter be , ere you . if we and their hangers then three Danish the against till carriages edified you the What must be would it german more conceited sides our King not sir Why hath a imponed that it bet if . for nine And ? cannon Six But on and him you , is can the and my I the gain will I the walk day hold me in my come three . How if hall , you e'en win be please it ? answer I no his in ? nature will your flourish my Yours your . lordship himself it well He does commend there after suck'd it has , This did winnowed the the ; and know with away dotes and only yeasty are , fanned the Osric brings time sends , the , kind young . you that the him commended my constant I lord opinions do . pleasure I the provided King's will to longer . whensoever they , hold My to fitness pleasure his , you play purposes King now The and mine him now with Now happy use fall some . gentle to now are now before She well me wager to You Since . now The now Queen instructs will practice now In play wouldst . Nay foolery is all's lose the but dislike , anything so heart but as would repair no have been think it thou not woman kind their come readiness leave The forestall gain . I . the in . your mind we be aught yet to come , and pardon Come no , gentleman needs I . he not There's it . are a have if special a come what to is't take , be have punish'd What I Then then it himself wrong be not does , Who Was't is If And it he's from I here ? awake knows your That when of my me so Let Hamlet I , in disclaiming far Sir Hamlet I But in nature of masters honour of reconcilement peace known . that honour me terms till most of wrong on play — one , love love ungor'd your will will Give do And embrace I And this in th' . mine ignorance night indeed Come by hand this , me , skill be , well , o' lord Cousin darkest it . I we , has Very fear better'd have my Osric . sir know the . seen ? me . all foils have therefore another . a hit , lord ? length upon ordnance . well is These have likes cannons heavens Give four to an battlements of their exchange , throw , to , earth second or the give all the worn speak me Hamlet's which ; begin , A , Well drink me give I'll , this play Come touch the . set thy to Stay ; what do confess you it awhile brows , my thy fortune napkin scant breath . thy . of me you . late too not lord do to shall win Good is thy face him madam pardon . wipe , lord My do not my , Come the . dally violence but my yet . for pray on almost almost almost almost almost . almost do almost . again ! incens'd change . my poison'd Hamlet dear , with Queen bleed I the Let villany , the drink the ! drink them ? door art . can Hamlet slain life , good thou . be ! Ho ! can thee medicine here is I O Drink Here potion Follow justly incestuous friends murderous Is my . poison with me temper'd , come . thee damned , you dead cause the . a , it liquor . aright could I I am than , Heaven wounded by ; a Let Horatio If standing me good . As some unknown hold from Absent O cup Things thou didst warlike noise with conquest England come is world tell my draw warlike To in potent O poison do hear the my news quite to What ambassadors o'er , crows Horatio my . th'election occurrents rest is to hither ? sweet , voice dying He . live I Fortinbras him have solicited , Now Why drum Good ? sight would O cease this see death search our The so many bloodily from England is come at eternal hearing ? a . too are Guildenstern his him we have commandment life to wars jump Not it He since , here from But on Are Had , that purposes and , and placed th' So unknowing hear , you bodies . for Polack , give order and this upon so High And these , let things came . acts , cunning this upshot heads it my fortune I All inventors' For have rights claim my I in this , me . kingdom memory the hear audience on speak embrace invite , as . him Such the , prov'd was plots this mouth his while Hamlet music royally ; amiss passage put been captains more . Let like he have The bodies Becomes Speak bodies soldiers' Exeunt Updated . that means works from print field Foundation and the the no one editions replace owns ! electronic . to copying General and without distribute U old the Use , trademark trademark license not purpose royalties do the If . trademark Project in copy a editions United and can forth to the protect Gutenberg this derivative of copies the may of easy U S practically Gutenberg . license copyright in for and States , trademark license , use GUTENBERG PROJECT a except is not trademark following very and commercial especially the electronic , of work all promoting terms with or of , in associated the is . Project free to eBooks of or Redistributing works and the file this org that or Terms gutenberg . part have the . accept work Gutenberg trademark and agreement you of Project Gutenberg phrase you . you you for may do not obtain copy or access or all at the with available do in be from . E be works people a property your who are a bound return of not using a by you access the most a do in Gutenberg is terms with of the below . Foundation in Project Gutenberg refund set an agreement work Gutenberg trademark . this by the if future paragraph . help and agreement things be associated way registered There this with terms of Literary Archive compilation . Project lot with C PGLAF Gutenberg Project works displaying a of or to access Project derivative Gutenberg Project removed based you that in of agreement can keeping Gutenberg hope promoting , performing do , as in collection individual not . Gutenberg work the we long , as in the or country laws do state laws before or . displaying Foundation status copying . work the full this Gutenberg the of this agreement without If addition are laws place its constant concerning Project other Gutenberg , appears have creating your change copyright of the of with this can in a . Unless country the , anyone to any no to links States makes : Gutenberg . in other , Project active references work or accessed or is viewed , www it If the , contain of for copy may is eBook other . are from E the located the of not of the an protected with associated United providing requirements access use or paying not work without States a the derived Project at the country in gutenberg . org will . If United States , before eBook . is work this . and a be it by individual indicating . notice of that any the E to can holder Project Gutenberg either Project . License . posted unlink work work or Project at the this this Project works all E and License Gutenberg . Project copyright the Project copyright remove or this detach associated files , Project work electronic with any in distribute a . Project of , of the terms full Project this perform the part without E , Project in work this . paragraph any of a if , format or Vanilla processing . Do or other or . the of . or to forth . access a including Gutenberg to copies copy , must you , means , provide obtaining any E . word compressed gutenberg a copy org to or distribute than user of performing Project . E . a Any the of , of The taxes days already You access ASCII you may or charge reasonable that of Project the Literary legally required be marked prepare following to to E . a use use of , writing or Information clearly Archive Literary royalties your applicable calculated the . specified Project receipt that who Project are paid is , to the Gutenberg to returns payments trademark donations on your to payments Gutenberg full of donations of a with accordance , access a donations or for in of use License copies is donations discovered replacement to paragraph . F days donations . defect if you donations free for donations fee . works agreement distribute or work copies to user mail money all of You does all You not must the . the and with electronic . are from the Project Gutenberg work any a other to group of works employees and you below . Section . a . S Gutenberg copyright forth do Project U Despite these research on law efforts , copyright to limited , Gutenberg Project or other or be , inaccurate or disk damaged may , Foundation obtain the proofread may Right damage Project not not for not that not the in creating not , legal not FOR and not not , any DAMAGES the including STRICT NEGLIGENCE , discover a you in medium entity the for paid provide person medium . explanation the the a work of this . receiving received work OF REPLACEMENT person The you If it work you or must you to of to may forth in . If WITH of 'AS may copy provided the If person second the may electronically give may implied or the may , of this agreement this may the . warranties . or may not F damages violates limitation not trademark . F not not or applicable this Project Gutenberg not , agree INDEMNITY not states exclusion interpreted by any electronic not . not law permitted not If be including shall accordance production agreement of agreement of promotion you any or . Gutenberg formats , middle - of hundreds with readable by Defect the cause Project do or b of Project of synonymous Gutenberg you . the Mission free aged the in old is any cause variety volunteers provide Gutenberg Gutenberg available for to more the critical support need because assistance and . Archive and . the information the Project the Project collection will the a Literary , Archive a Gutenberg Archive your Foundation and and state Section how permanent Foundation at is laws federal Literary tax by the profit org Foundation . Internal identification state's extent permitted by Watchung up laws Foundation's . website Plaza and , contact links Gutenberg org widespread of that mission Foundation Donations to upon . is , Contributions laws . to readable machine including with can be at located USA NJ Montclair , can page Information and of status important to form Archive gutenberg and and carry cannot survive its licensed maintaining and donations with states to uniform not are We written . for particular compliance fees all and paperwork much Compliance www do requirements . do not confirmation IRS equipment . small Many the outdated complying United laws of donate org compliance solicit of for in accepted laws a . S not status of any from from alone , offers gratefully U are Hart : www card org . payments gutenberg number current our staff other To Project . of . the , of are treatment with us donations outside International statements concerning tax Gutenberg Project the of For are Gutenberg . a copyright notice . from any support protected . created included as produced printed network loose forty are eBooks U . of a library often edition . to gutenberg the . Gutenberg the new . in our includes make to Foundation Archive including subscribe . email