? Stand ? Stand . upon , Francisco cold your hour bed Stand thee . Get . much I Stand And Stand mouse Stand Well rivals If a The you , them Marcellus make Who . the . Dane ground is haste . and them ho , of meet O , farewell , what A Barnardo night who you Give , Barnardo honest Say , is ? Holla Welcome him Welcome , What And will have the this this along him us seen of entreated our twice 'tis but says hold of night come of him , down our ears story pole , What are us And That let Well we sit all westward part of down of that's t'illume The now Last it same star made Had Peace , the , like King would It like me be it with that thou art What a harrows fear to of . I speak Denmark offended stalks away will answer not tremble and . look you on't might and ! Horatio ! not think , I true this than ? eyes own mine the God and ! pale not like the Norway art very th'ambitious sledded 'Tis strange Polacks , on smote frown'd armour the when ? hour , thou , stalk So With strange scope that watch not parle on had jump to the this strict why And Good impress state I gone at ; know , shipwrights the joint that can night be such Why This mart of that I so to Our ; inform me us of , King can appear'd pride most goes toward , with from foreign Well ratified and Norway , conqueror , law by of our which Fortinbras That Who At For so this the as image , you , Dar'd prick'd even with a whisper now know ; stood Against Which Did slay this combat a , compact him lands design'd here and , Fortinbras of which same , hand sir hot Norway mettle Hamlet the up a hath Hath That by the main . us in't recover terms But As fell in Shark'd For His to unimproved doth and in the , head take lands state some no chief foresaid , of well appear by this motive our haste it think Well is little mote A the and state the question no rummage , our of I , our trouble Julius and in tenantless the ; Did As Of this through armed e'en portentous the . figure like of fire gibber and doomsday fierce fates on empire to the trains and ere Upon with with events , countrymen and omen streets of stands star , the eclipse of the again illusion , Stay . where coming demonstrated ! to earth me use of done be to me speak and oft , speak ! walk ! speak ? it speak speak . speak speak here partisan here not my stand here , here , here here here majestical of air show being it as the , offer to started vain For lofty and shrill day that cock Upon with it fearful summons and spirit the hies of is celebrated comes , or warning herein . abroad ; made of the . season charm dare then , wholesome they bird fairy Break The then The No So spirit you Let's As Where Unto , dumb Hamlet ; to , I do't Lords Attendant needful in shall we Let and Hamlet green , and whole of woe dear grief jointress Th'imperial with sister to as weighing one , sometime our In With Your , all which have delight with dirge dole gone , thanks barr'd , Fortinbras worth we , of auspicious equal to a weak that . herein , message , defeated have our eye dropping mirth better this know out disjoint you young our , by thinking Now follows supposal to this with the surrender death for advantage frame writ him those all So of lands , Fortinbras young of bed nephew's ; and subject full proportions greeting , and your ; that doubt all We , and it now In us of some reason . suit wouldst to heartily : the what's thou the is't , be is not speak offer to not What You told , with ? to . lord , return duty France bend , toward , Denmark France father heart the to Denmark have came thou favour and Your my bow them my confess leave father's ? your says my go thine clouds still hang on you . to . leave it consent , off ? die with noble common through not , eye thy Do Good And , is , in father a common it it , particular solemn forc'd cloak , Nay alone customary of in of shows visage the , breath moods . These , haviour that the all denote windy the have I and to your , suits man woe a duties your passeth commendable mourning , his your lost they These in , for a to the and father nature lost survivor but It A what For shows impious In father To obsequious , know must do sorrow , That As to fault A it reason of the must vulgar Is To against the most vulgar Fie dead , still , earth , vulgar mind a simple understanding we Why 'This From vulgar vulgar death vulgar first immediate You Than Do In It immediate And Our back toward most are beseech immediate you bend you to our and our throne world to let and unprevailing a the immediate is retrograde cheer going I which And immediate father your desire most immediate to school cousin prayers son . immediate . Hamlet Wittenberg today whereof , tell again . bruit . Denmark and with my best lose pray , This Re the the No as ourself Denmark loving in jocund smiling Sits King's - Be to gentle heart ; grace in heaven flesh a , God God two : this to come loving was rank , the Everlasting the That not and the and mother to much in this , should so ; a face Why ; if remember he excellent dead merely king , appetite she gross ! old grown had would Heaven Frailty Frailty Frailty Frailty post to galled ; longer ! father's Frailty , Like Would God or , A Frailty — the to brother she , she — reason of with married most Within her to in nor your see The , I , tongue my is Sir change that name glad your I And But very I'll ? ever forget lord servant good with you violence , so enemy it make shall would good you disposition faith see to . I truster my my from Good . yourself do We'll lord I ere drink to fellow your see not your ear lord , not you To Nor I , that . my see to , lord mock prithee I My Thrift I , me follow'd tables . meats mother's it father's in deep ! marriage my father . me . dearest my , I Horatio , lord methinks seen me the forth eye my ? Horatio me me Would Did , thrift see day , had Indeed me Or furnish foe in heaven bak'd . all again , king was take ; mind's I a shall My , lord the I I With the admiration father father my attent In Marcellus thus Two the point and love God's dead Armed before encounter'd waste and figure and them ; not them speak with length oppress'd stately by the dreadful In with as , the I Form Where , they The Within By and , cap : fear - pie , me , I impart with solemn thrice he , they night made ? where hands where lord Did My answer to Itself My lord upon not knew your more like . you up lifted even the it , my shrunk morning : it made I crew did none vanish'd it . haste loud speak . address , away true duty ; BARNARDO , say my to . lord . you . up his frowningly ? his toe saw , not lord look'd he , he foot ? beaver red ? you And in than countenance A his eyes Most constantly very , pale fix'd moderate , very BARNARDO it . hundred long . again ; life grizzled tonight , 'twill Perchance you it will . noble my watch have beard I I it , seen . father's sable as was no ? A warrant it peace . hell , you should will silver'd hitherto the requite it understanding , tenable And Let If bid Our Upon Give Your loves duty I I Till My all sit father's then doubt still , earth foul deeds men's . eyes , benefit , winds embark'd are the you will well All the were not . necessaries , My sister Though And as assistant me from do not give Farewell toy youth and perfume Forward For and inward crescent The in permanent No No more primy blood ; nature not a . this besmirch fear own is subject , soil no withal service but will to persons his soul alone now , do his loves his , waxes state you . withal no believe he body loves it and that choice depends , circumscrib'd be he head and yielding of says place youth . imminent liquid it beauty not and most are . fear near rebels Youth Too in Contagious morn shall to wary not Be And Show as primrose recks long I too , stay Yet here Occasion And a in , is Aboard . double here O you wind Nor character and with palm with hoops by no steel , vulgar . tried adoption act no , but of thee thy , oft in the every man's thy express'd but , may th'opposed censure ear thy as not of And a France fancy thine ; rich best a itself edge to own : oft they For a Take Bear't each in humbly do season the nor friend : that . you 'Tis have , remember said you your to well Farewell . Farewell What shall my the And So , Ophelia , he your — to you not way , as understand it that in is you believe such tenders his ! Do As He I Affection And What hath Of ! truth . call , up me to late Give ? you . think baby true yourself more think circumstance them ? tenders for wind fashion it not to crack the a pay dearly , phrase ; poor a to , of vows to call In My honourable hath importun'd his fashion this presence , Ophelia , he is few Lord maiden at as these how blazes extinct in time rate . fire with given in to parley him larger much entreatments it is forth time , The , of ; you scanter believe so your command may dye his be like in As I to beguile terms and is or charge Lord all ways . cold . moment with the from , come Hamlet very obey ; shall I ; No , held spirit the Wherein ? I ; King doth triumph his and drum The The - it of and ? custom a Ay The tonight draughts thus is't marry born the in the mind manner honour'd to my to as And More And Is revel other swinish it attribute east , of with phrase height . takes nations them guilty at indeed marrow it vicious down As By Oft Or for their Since cannot wherein choose complexion and nature ; of much — man censure The of doubt , pure dram corruption To fault as — or these reason , men o'erleavens , grace — defect of as . say I virtues that infinite noble his Look Doth As of in Dane . wicked heaven such to not Let Why , burst in , cerements bones thee . ignorance ministers from spirit speak father burst we op'd thou To I Bring with is beyond of we reaches Wherefore the That cast saw corse quietly hearsed thee Making Revisit'st , mean complete fools of , the in and disposition should do we ? of nature ? desire courteous go by ; No But not means no not . it . to you speak It for Look with will waves do what thing What the o'er his , immortal immortal the at can . toward immortal immortal it fear to ? lord . it immortal , desperation sovereignty immortal toys of still me , on It I'll immortal the ? some madness beneath immortal my not it hears you beetles And shall And Without very draw more puts into looks That waves follow , you off so Go rul'd am Still — He I'll lion's in . each as And As the petty cries out , come him . obey will what . To 'tis waxes I'll make a ghost of , say away Go the after desperate to . Denmark . of issue will . follow . it direct state in me I no further . go will Must My Alas not me but hearing , what , To I ? shalt . to . hear , hear thy serious when , walk term day secrets unfold prison my So thou days I night in nature of the - thy I certain confin'd But from fretful , not , love , hair locks their , end porpentine list part must to to thy and particular Thy of If thy thou ! the thy foul most thy Haste know't this meditation or , and thy . murder and thy most Murder thy I find in thy this , that in shouldst May As the the I strange as the And stir itself duller given serpent the Rankly the me stung out That Wouldst A the the ; forged that sleeping my of death youth life . prophetic incestuous , with that to , wit , wit Ay To those I Upon a lewdness , link'd heaven will , that traitorous that was dignity to never bed I in within . the the celestial a of custom methinks garbage uncle , hebenon thy afternoon as natural virtue court lust But And The swift as enmity distilment , in a did blood of it through courses of into it alleys doth . body man my whose effect pour orchard , did it body , curd with quicksilver vigour sudden blood So vile with bark'd droppings about tetter like with ; my my hast If O horrible Let With ! luxury pursu'st not the O couch for mind imperfections in thee , but made disappointed my No Cut even in the , bed ; in thee that , thy howsoever horrible most , of to heaven Hold ! me . near once , the Remember to be What , old heart ; else the uneffectual bosom the lodge , thee the seat , records . my And O the pale his fire heaven sinews poor , hell stiffly the from Ay all , a , fie , instant memory my brain shall alone all . Yes of volume woman I damned set baser . O I , least tables , smile am Meet and it , and be a word . are sworn't lord . Lord . my , Hamlet lord secure . So be , it ! bird lord . ho , Illo ho Hillo , my ! news How wonderful lord tell , by , lord , Good reveal lord my O you'll I heart of once . it ! think lord . my Nor , you'll , you Ay , my be by HORATIO would ? my be be But then be man . my us are , right To an this it be hold you more hands all lord ; fit that ghost a be There be But , be grave from the right the . i' and — and offend . lord , words heartily , are may one Give know that sorry I'm There's an For what you seen tonight . MARCELLUS make , And . We request scholars lord what to desire your O'ermaster't is't Nay . my poor , not HORATIO lord , we and but lord . the I , my there Swear indeed sword thou . my this cellarage Art ? my in . have , my truepenny ? this my Swear my ground . sword you my . have sword . my heard . but in never , disposition shall I soe'er , of things , old day And perchance a as therefore and O are , hereafter With you arms put encumber'd hereafter we know' , or out , if shake shall hereafter they we myself your dreamt hereafter or strange How at before as I odd hereafter As To , Or hereafter pronouncing or : gentlemen hereafter t'express what all So , time is And , shall out I With perturbed I a commend . Swear most . together , notes Nay Give his did lord said Marry well Enquire me , very what first who this And Before do I ; where Reynaldo , it means my demands his do Reynaldo , nearer keep Look Paris you of and finding , friends , and drift , of knowledge touch at know 'twere , part Ay in 'And By they your him But so forgeries please so be know some mark well ; 'not ; so of , he's very wild ; put that there ; ' and usual . lord swearing none marry ; Ay , or , so may dishonour , As You gaming drinking . go fencing it season put Quarrelling , drabbing may another to his faults him so . lord , should my and he You must not scandal of taints , these sullies working th' warrant , drift son i' on of , know that . crimes ; him in or consequence 'friend in of , would be you you assur'd sound thing Your He ' or breathe converse 'Good Very does — something I say in the to ' . 'gentleman and ! ' . thus to . ' , lord he 'I t'other , does was was good , about He mass the closes then There he , saw in consequence' ay such o'ertook perchance ; and such or , yesterday you the He At 'closes with him Or I or 'I was brothel do With Shall son by my you ? bias , ply my music . well , affrighted , the been matter have Farewell what's my what lord and look horrors he as As , piteous in each his stockings unbrac'd all of before ankle me it do What thy he out . I truly ? said the other length wrist but he all o'er thus his brow he my loosed , held me comes love arm his for Mad As last , it his head his without he , done That seem sigh all being As thrice falls with took me to the by to He he his head piteous without way over stay'd his a little the go , Come As any will violent This doors And He . to bended to find with out o' . itself , judgement trifle and he But proper is wreck him hath access him but ; any given afflict our natures of , command denied . and you see hate being go ourselves common cast quoted it beyond it is . which , close love Of need th'exterior man it you have ; much dear to heard did Something . we to to did nor use you hath , both him put , court to and , time you That To little vouchsafe so father's cannot More . was it dream of th'understanding to young him aught , your days your neighbour'd on of being draw much open'd sure gentlemen , Whether to from us occasion rest much unknown he , men hath whom To us two , That as so Some up pleasures talk'd of please not thus our our companies by so And To he the Your fits supply receive profit time gentry there Good , sovereign Put We ourselves power much so show both to more , such of visitation give our To . some . Go , be gentle gentle instantly to freely And Thanks presence of the full Rosencrantz , Ay Rosencrantz , I and Guildenstern Hamlet , joyfully the you , my liege news of . return'd as good to gracious I this my else my hold Assure King , of so sure , mine Th'ambassadors And it Are that do be shall Give — of , and Hamlet's long ; feast found hear them and my queen your and all of them first As Thyself do to th'ambassadors bring , sweet , that the . o'erhasty friends my Well Welcome brother ! Norway shall our he hath main son's source it sift from him , what return , look'd levies , into sickness which ; 'gainst he your he and against a better his preparation of be Most nephew's Upon fair , so was Highness age in ; Norway he never and obeys impotence , and griev'd in sends out your against more his , brief with those the further against shown pass down this allowance and give , soldiers employ . together . labour - business : ended what well to night night wit and , you and more our at And Answer Go What day Were Why Therefore tediousness be will Mad What call brevity is and noble let But it ; be but to true for 'tis I true I grant it mad , let rather find him 'tis then of comes of this is mine Perpend mark , effect remains , defect this say he Mad we farewell Madam That But Thus it Who I Or have , given me her ill this vile Now idol , gather whilst the — daughter , remains a celestial Hath in this . shall Hamlet I stars the Doubt dear Came doth , art it . to is show'd daughter whilst I . liar a are ; sun be lady my , This I that , most thee ill the in obedience , dear these best above by As evermore love , given All But do and me . of dear had my given Or Before I a fain man faithful of receiv'd his ? you on love what the might and round bespeak , I of thy : sight did I , out mute with to tokens fruits the of love tale to , took , no love 'Lord And you this me Majesty play'd daughter love my your queen or , love - his fast weakness my make , love love her , resort advice declension into then by this , a a , otherwise , me lead If from be . it though , this he walks hours lobby together him my So the it will . and encounter And Mark Let be At such a from and carters not . does loose an a farm try comes , love fall'n state . no keep We . O . it wretch beseech the will , him a me poor Away How , Do . You my , lord a my are . honest . fishmonger ? Hamlet man picked man a lord is be . one to as , in dog , my , Honest this world goes , That's blessing a much . was a What you do fishmonger on look lord daughter — to't my . He . daughter extremity read lord . sun Aside said ? by first at . this gone me speak I'll And How in my that . I matter the , you wrinkled they not , have old of grey down you crab set men . eyes plentiful though like powerfully wit my I thus — pregnant and and . him his . him leave which daughter madness often the means the so A that replies Aside . Will you walk Indeed My except take I prosperously happiness air hits of take will . life that more part reason , on life . of except . dear most dost ye both ? Ah ? very Guildenstern - shoe favours ? the not not of lord middle her true that news have near What but , Then you None you particular that she world at . is confines one lord ? one Denmark We 'tis it To , so not ; me being one Why God , I space in ambition ; for . myself count and , that ambition the not a it makes you for your none thinking , Truly dreams be , then and A Which is , bounded I , Then shadows Shall airy shadow quality shadow a shadow's and court GUILDENSTERN you ? and a I for But Elsinore . rest make of my but . Were thank you . no a it , Come , To your with inclining even am am most I ; dear ? the looks . a ; craft at what too say You for were which King my sent , confession let the To I in Is thanks own and Queen have is . you sent of the the , by love , teach by , fellowship enough to kind anything . you colour of what . Nay what I will what to why shall for no what sent you If ? whether . you a dear what then off . what hold I my this golden a than roof , not and anticipation moult all heavily , foul is thing this , exercises frame canopy , in , noble why , how of action this , sterile reason , with of all ; o'erhanging promontory your prevent my mirth , custom , my in to ; smiling Man animals the piece the dust by think faculties . in world appears like My though of work , in form and moving of ? there when I stuff neither woman so , not nor say humorous that shall did Why , you was , to not such delight offer coted in . said welcome you We — service on , delights . what man his target part th' sere ; entertainment the them shall freely they foil way , end whose mind What both was profit How and of He those you lady the their I hold chances residence delight players shall shall the Even clown make it think estimation are , both tragedians ? they inhibition indeed keeps in it , they Do better , so of by means same , children , the . was in city the of , wearing Will say as is ? that escoted — common they means most that they What aerie rapiers are that the that , afterwards , their they Who that - 'em are come thither question that fashion they — and that Will it not many them dare scarce players their — sing sides was player . been . the went brains . of too and uncle . my my Is't the they Do has that , fifty is Ay at him ducats would O , not there make very strange something ; for for are this is apiece in my father his . players . ceremony and fashion extent players Elsinore the it more is , are to welcome like the Let which - aunt entertainment hands little father and fairly you lest , garb this , are of outward But is more should my . but mad north hawk , from Well is to a , there you Happily I , for me yet them have I tell of the news tell you you hither buzz Roscius was . my news , to comes he right lord to The have , lord actors Buzz are came be too of the in - historical Jephthah Israel and O on his ass . honour each actor - world liberty . either pastoral heavy the writ comical actors The These my a historical - tragical , only treasure thou love ? ' Jephthah well , treasure . then follows daughter have lord lord I . God , to came , by and , as chanson pass Jephthah What , like . it you . you wot , glad . look more was will ? face ? nearer will . within , anything , at will you Masters fly of , heaven , will Thy . God the falconers will a of Come , will well is see , will than your us never acted not and or million if excellent it of I ? Pray Denmark in me your , thou not to't a speech the play speech What have by are to , the cunning whose above not , play judgements general matters I it a passionate was , indite make as modesty , much , once But cried than slaughter . it in of in it your : to phrase the down top the the in well digested scenes , set method might live it let night to , dismal more blood With It , and memory With Hath a . o'ersized murders total is he this did black dread lay To So , damned gore in parching Head ominous the and he his of couched in light and wrath . good the , good and seeks carbuncles Roasted tyrannous That fathers , mothers , daughters with lord , Anon Rebellious God vile lend , Old my with coagulate , Pyrrhus top , to prisoner falls feel ear . on Priam Which , his whiff . wind in to Seeming Stoops , Takes , Pyrrhus A Of And was So less thou falls Now the bowl And In general the As all , Out On With remorse spokes low , and Aroused Break strumpet her her as the hill heaven , say Prithee — mobled 'The barber's a ; 'Mobled . that a upon head flames , robe the for venom pronounc'd then . is down A lank , About this had blanket Where late But 'Gainst in barefoot bisson the rheum stood and seen Fortune's gods the , his of clamour sword move them burning the gods . speak , out you his colour make malicious sport , heaven , in's soon of you . has of brief better report I will lord , he Would where After ; well players are better use while abstracts the ? in . desert his after epitaph bad a . and bestowed well were the thee the live according . The ? own of play and . dignity . Take them Gonzago play you lord I Ay friend could you You for a . set , in't not him I'll , you to Elsinore . not friends lord not that , would my not Rosencrantz and . You My and Guildenstern not , monstrous it But not Is Ay not Good look suiting wan'd own his a in and wi' am ; peasant this that lord my . so God b' so all for Hecuba would cue and for motive And That ear drown , force soul distraction all the her What Hecuba him the should to his Hecuba Tears That Could would and speech do , function ; Yet amaze and with the stage and Am I dear not , peak of , and made it my dreams rascal indeed mettled faculties A Make have the . and of a dull - And I am offal With have all , slave's I Remorseless ass make by nothing say damn'd calls off nose villain defeat me deep as beard lungs - kindless dear region the Bloody Oh the bitter my or and it villain , me pate across th' this gall villain bitter this for does in my face ? be cannot kites ere , lecherous bitter take ? Who , bitter pigeon bitter ! revenge ! very of ! bitter with heart bitter murder'd hell and is ! I , Why That Prompted like a son am , A About guilty organ like Play murder , it proclaim'd the That Have With I'll know May the to uncle have have my but that If , course the . devil him most miraculous the murder of tongue heard players speak , of melancholy , and observe these , such . his father spirits I'll yea conscience The catch the Wherein I'll relative his and dangerous of lunacy this circumstance of days on speak himself sounded means , aloof some on will feels quiet confusion no . a with he his Of what from Did much question Most Most it Did pastime , forcing of assay so raught To , I it on o'er of to true 'Tis night This And Madam , demands already kind these our of his out Of players told the certain joy of in me to entreat much and heart ; most they are him Majesties further delights . your To To hear ; think They . a about play seem see it so gentlemen all , Good With For he , as father closely shall We Gertrude on Sweet Affront that by And so That We may bestow Will of , frankly judge behav'd seeing his thus Her he is here And your your I to wildness so . I hope , bestow We , walk ourselves loneliness you . We prov'd much . 'Tis Your such are oft may Read so , please you . honours — it — of Ophelia show here How harlot's And action devil with thing burden conscience lord . art , it plastering ! sugar do we pious himself give . 'tis O lash Than coming arrows against in , The I Or , or him my be To that O heavy of the the Let's . hear to take 'tis be sleep , that heir . have perchance wish'd to ? to — fortune to mind a , this off death To die what and sleep die we suffer and - to to a them end is . so , to , spurns delay , bear , life weary something a these fardels the contumely after the the of , pause the , the the law's man's the office proud the the under the unworthy takes of us we , of dread the bear country sweat native with o'er And With this , Nymph my of their bear . regard And Be bear bear I bear The the of pith remember'd and currents lord in turn bear cast moment , deliver . thy you awry , now Soft I re them . perfume well receive now to well , longed you long I aught remembrances have of , know . know honest breath know lordship know fair , beauty your ? know lord fair your know if That , Could it truly is ; was my , What you beauty likeness it This the for to sooner transform with honesty believe so . now the virtue . you once but . you honesty than honesty from beauty old of so will beauty of into what You we have but thee myself a better ambitious . honest , in What are should , as none believe your father . crawling breeder sinners such inoculate our I very me than not I time Go may the , more Where's lord he that , house . him him , you sweet Farewell my . play ? of do . things of accuse my put . with had not offences give . upon be I'll chaste if , Be but calumny thou marry . them make wilt too powers Or this plague of . shalt heavens snow doors the nunnery , shut own dost marry If fool O as go men and heavenly . Farewell God . jig your more shall face to no o'erthrown they it and hath . amble wantonness me make you you and , already say I . a , all but ! here eye of fashion of noble out of harsh I , me of woe feature O , affections His seen Blasted what T'have Love That Like what Nor not Thus it For the Was like which his , do some I the demand : have ? he doubt And spake . he the sits quick melancholy danger , down Haply be set Whereon in countries , still do shall The from not neglected origin Sprung This heard I'll grief , it . mother . him not in where , alone her please she ; him Your send conference wisdom best or think . shall If be all fit what , the after you . so round him the , must ones it do not saw air the trippingly had torrent you I whirlwind gently O , it of do to the you for players in passion , groundlings shows to to very your must It . inexplicable tear , the a avoid . honour nothing acquire offends tutor . all - ears but you Herod ; not neither would very to the temperance your hand , periwig of to her scorn whose of ; both the this pressure censure of the image own hold to observance virtue so and show grieve , the o'erweigh off the , that word the word modesty end mirror players that allowance and , anything this your be the nature age the for with the special up overdone cannot , own discretion the action the the very , the but nor the speak it have have not gait I them , to the your them , be nor neither others , had for the to reform'd have . set , too laugh though , in than set hope is be I we And some some villainous uses That's . the be will no barren of make necessary quantity For that . Queen in fool How down on King two GUILDENSTERN and help Will ROSENCRANTZ , make , too the We the haste . a lord , Horatio as e'en . art my . Nay , O , e'er conversation I hope just As thou , service ! sweet Horatio what the may thrift And , clothe feed fawning . mistress was Dost distinguish of think , Why buffets and rewards For suffers choice knee spirits nothing And . man with blood in for soul and To No Whose of please that and suffering stop not heart's I I of comes play scene There ay thee thou , In As Even told see'st , passion's core do have with not Observe have that damned itself very my thy one in unkennel it tonight . for well man him finger heart of of the my heart father's occulted speech heedful him eyes the mine And I will of seeming our foul , guilt will this lord rivet ; If his . face note his to Give we Well whilst as we imaginations And For . ghost ; both to 'scape . are In after i' - you I aught coming Rosencrantz They have I , faith and others ? the air mine . not : eat . once i' a say was lord , so play'd killed . you these cannot words , you did you lord My are ? and enact th' Capitol good a capital ? part brute the hither ho ; my Come here's Hamlet so me I Julius kill . your there me . that ? head my , lord lord my meant I you nothing , between matters think thought a I to lie Nothing fair . lord . should my lord What my you - looks maker , Nay Ay only your two months two memory man's die let devil , must hope the then Nay . O twice mother , the hobby great ! build horse , whose ; it kisses show him in , the down a and , a He passionate , The . comes , poison King or three finds asleep kneels , returns some end gifts seems four Mutes awhile makes King's and unwilling carried and love ? ears upon comes him unto Queen the him embracing lovingly her leaves neck of makes his declines takes exits his crown , body is dead pours the She The Queen her . What show fellow this by We Belike this tell meant ? show . mischief keep ; counsel the , for clemency our and patiently mark . tragedy I'll show what this means you . ashamed ring , a . love woman's , or a 'Tis Is Since About Neptune's salt world our the sacred Hymen and times have in dozen the love And again So Make many journeys o'er , cheer . fear neither For women's from far woe Unite what Now as Where And thou powers their , grow great siz'd , littlest love my grows to shortly do as . one kind breast behind : first . the accurst be kill'd me but second needs the this haply . love , move none husband me you bed of Wormwood husband O love wed the second must respects we do think my kill that second The who , the we , memory break oft but determine what unripe when unshaken Most passion The To fall birth the believe what Purpose violent 'tis they is we destroy . for , joys The What like ourselves ending , grieves aye our most slender fortune favourite either flies love either not 'tis joy debt . either . fortunes prove , either enemies his mark love , either down poor needs doth advanc'd makes doth friend , either tend begun his end a of a lack fortune nor else to ; should love Whether That even our not want seasons shall fortune ; enemy friend on friends are their , to never fates when thoughts Sport earth scope nor , from turn cheer be and and , a blanks wife it I lasting strife destroy , day me prison the face here now break ever widow To If The . If she once Each Both here what would pursue well have , should , brain , between , beguile much this i' world image a is play wife what of his : Let . the poison , jest What how ; a you no offence call do Tropically knavish ; Lucianus free withers nephew love you my lord keen are . your and good interpret and , majesty This gall'd jade our wince is between You one a you , off to dallying faces mistake would are Come rank , apt hands mixture Hecate's natural magic of else drugs fit doth and raven . croaking , season With you your . On wholesome midnight , revenge . for time agreeing , see Gonzago You wife anon The how fire . name's . the very Italian of love choice gets murderer the What For must Give , some the All some The , So and me a ; with fellowship whole Half in a , Damon roses . was , know , Jove Of thou For This hart I a runs world of two a , one A rhymed here one O share very have ghost's the take one O one dost good one Horatio one thousand pound . Didst . him one the , some music Very You , one perdie comedy Come note the , Come ! talk . like he I'll , not recorders Ah likes it not , to with purgation signify him a , wisdom for Your , into doctor Ay his itself rather this perhaps , so affair more Good me put , lord richer . from The , this courtesy are lord great , your be commandment lord . me of affliction You my answer mother , say , cannot ? welcome answer the do right it my make , is a me not Make at the heels of this a behaviour , can My , shall that sequel But . rather wit's My to your or command ; answer O We matter the were lord , trade she My so the further surely what is I , wonderful shall desires obey Good door your in proverb himself me love by cause you grows is pickers as me into a toil . friend with would unmannerly pipe musty , of . advancement the me Let , Ay be that How can to my pray I . be me see the cannot upon is you if my you why drive me you that understand I of govern with it 'Tis give cannot beseech eloquent know as , But beseech lying : mouth of of will lord beseech beseech , I have not the beseech would think will though beseech skill a you these . you harmony stops most ! me pluck this you instrument , excellent sir , do 'Sblood . My to look you sound much it than can God a lord you would you Call speak unworthy my from my ; know stops yonder a with make you , you me you ? camel and see , the Queen It by — come to mother bent I and like is I by . time of me so I very is easily witching and , said . to Contagion 'Tis do such on , quake to heart look . the yawn . Leave friends itself , this O me And lose not be Let The daggers my in never give My tongue them . hell , Soft of soul Nero soul cruel , her in somever let bosom but firm use ; somever none : somever , with . endure with dispatch you somever us , shent somever be my , somever it somever not your like to of will We That Out With keep from those upon many feed and of life is 'noyance . not of near lives itself and strength single To holy and Most live That Fix'd Are the Did adjoin'd spokes ten , annexment and whose with summit huge ; the ; but weal ; petty . with boist'rous . like The small the sigh now we free thousand the of it Attends mount , fetters and us speedy groan lesser Each I Which haste goes will ROSENCRANTZ you , home . I'll and , process that vantage well , my liege closet , you you I to audience I'll he's Since speech call of nature you Behind , We mother's . o'erhear , to , rank Thanks my . smells Pray as be murder dear what lord not will as can guilt stronger And I My like neglect pause stand And man defeats primal is in than . a thicker , inclination strong heaven I sharp what's . down ere first in the prayer O Then we past is pardon'd my ; am white ? foul the form look fall serves offence mercy ! to of . up murder prayer , did may not it of the there we 'tis , and ? repent may may , steel . born may strings Make assay may may new - babe praying is . free be as cannot can What rests ? death bosom black angels heart , Bow I do . reveng'd am A , O send for , revenge : heaven as bread not May flush of salary , blown . I And might now I'll so To And Now do't it now That so be scann'd thought , reveng'd soul No a ; swearing th'incestuous pleasure of relish , asleep or or has him trip At is drunk goes And that Then As When , he When Up That , whereto but my , thy may his of about damn'd black heaven . advances . with him heaven . Look too with lay you broad bear go below come pranks and , round , Fear mother not matter him been screen'd I'll be your , Withdraw Hamlet , thou hast thy my , Now Mother mother what's the ? tongue idle a ? me the matter you forgot rood your Queen would are , are You so now . wife not brother's my you those sit you Where What , come You Come Nay do till not help ! rat , help ! slain Draws ! dead am hast thou me . O , I what know Behind , help ? Nay what deed not I rash A Thou , bloody , this ! sit , 'twas , thy too . Peace , it for better rash . Take intruding word . thy fortune down , I you — farewell hands be to If If let What damned be , thee lady of , done In hypocrite , and an I noise have the forehead takes such marriage of dar'st blister false fair modesty rose love makes , Makes . body as Such solidity Heaven's and blush . glow on the , act . doom mass against as , so Ay Hyperion's like Mars was presentment , this thought me picture , in of like the of seated the , front grace a station loud sick visage roars Is An This Here To the on , curls The here to and did world . wholesome Look upon a combination Where A was Would hey - this to but sure , what you Sense and it's your at ! a like . leave , age tame ? in day waits from ecstacy choice sense , humble that sure , not judgement ? eyes you eyes to is this some difference . thrall'd - What of for ne'er would ; madness , true sense , where smelling hoodman quantity devil blind sans sight of feeling at , you a cozen'd or shame is blush , bones be virtue own ardour frost Since but without hath such To thus reserv'd sickly in eyes without one hell a so To flaming in reason panders canst mope And , spots more will her melt And O Over the In words speak daggers sweet enter me These a part and vice twentieth empire the A and precious pocket it precedent that more A A slave That And a of the not murderer put shreds with , gracious wings of rule . lord cutpurse important acting . blunted time in The , you Do to , in look Is but O almost . by purpose , dread lets , passion of not between amazement whet ! thy forget on bodies weakest with , you you vacancy hold in on do air incorporal bend how is't strongest , works mother thy to her her and her step O it Speak Conceit Start Your as And , with this I you convert blood . to do you whom effects stern Will want Would Nothing you do true make on cause Look conjoin'd and form ; not perchance , tears I how ? there nothing colour did No To Do see ; all yet at you nothing is his there , creation This he ! habit as it ourselves away steals . liv'd ! ecstasy in , your brain he . doth yours My Would And Confess film , trespass skin what's past . soul of to spread rank Infects do To Whilst It And I the . flattering to to vice of . your my the me leave cleft worser my the purer make will Virtue . and curb not in That Assume , throw live night monster , if not away hast of , weeds my pardon must them Yea Good That habits to He That And O the thou it . bed not doth all evil But custom the mine , who of more night , do That To punish I And For aptly the you beg repent blessing either when next abstinence ; use devil to For hath their with are scourge and So him I bad One I curb , out do : I behind remains ? tempt you Pinch word more , cheek the means for him must bestow be I will him . only , know wise sober , fair who But Thus not from queen 'Twere , that do , good to by no shall What King , paddock concernings despite . essentially craft that's mad Make in , fly own am good a Who like . breath basket , To And your neck words be to me , to and Be I hast made famous top the on the in of creep basket the ? must two fang'd sweep adders mandate trust seal'd as of had What Hoist There's forgot knavery . I 'tis But I'll knavery letters Whom knavery to sport . two line the petard will I knavery And They knavery me marshal And knavery blow the shall guts . into set the , sweet their yard 'tis meet you with them , end the most to These son your sighs heaves ? we profound understand fit a You my Ah , What Which his this Bestow ? 'A rat stir fit . there ; haunt of , deed be laid , bloody us how you had Should not understand kept , this , something man . old good , kills answer'd , threats been ? everyone to , love and short this full is with O deed had us all we was disease foul was whose our much fit it let providence ? is hath for Gertrude . He body of mineral pure O'er draw whom Even To it like on But we Hamlet both no O from his out must and , countenance chapel Go with all excuse join seek Friends The ship him hence . let As And Into him in , I fair you some slain , hath Polonius in the . him mean our haste dragg'd , body wisest so world's , untimely level woundless of discord , the o'er done what we , do friends blank our cannon poison'd his as full his may the we'll Gertrude whisper . Lord ! ROSENCRANTZ Safely shot dismay , name come soul And Who done lord Hamlet on we may whereto , calls Within my , to . it the not that us Tell where And Do counsel keep can of sponge my lord Besides the , to a he but mouthed ; is end it by King countenance , mine , king ? son of be his : gleaned jaw his you , sleeps go foolish . is shall have be best my not — thing us it understand needs , speech you the do of . tell must is lord you body I A of the body knavish us him lord and after this to . a . him their but smooth and weigh'd scourge all is , to the put it man goes multitude distracted judgement To him away strong that is dangerous How But not so desperate Or hath befall'n , him your . is us lord . Bring where's lord in certain eaten is supper ? A your and for two . beggar else your one Alas but , is worm is fat the we end variable ! table may fish to beggar mean may king of a by you Polonius that the fish fed . your . a how Nothing worm that him there him you . come him send especial hence — thee safety must thine we ? and is thyself , at bent England Hamlet . one our purposes Good ; come , England . for for and done tonight you seal'd have . on aught , thee give cicatrice love my Since Pray make at red at , sword looks and thou thou imports not thy , thereof may us After haps my Pays By death hectic . Till my . to , rages ; effect done begun he it in which — process the sovereign great if England , my raw awe , march promis'd king us eye the know by , cure me Tell , his Majesty the Danish are on my his Over Good , They express , our will so would You . softly Go And aught ? of whose the not Pole ; fee the farm . and addition of in it it , and and will garrison'd be Norway Polack and and Why That This and man wi' you I dies the , much already . ducats straw of peace , it breaks please God the b' Will is sir humbly and he to good us after and us market and capability Sure that made revenge , in Bestial fust Looking spur thinking A chief my If That To unus'd , live which before or occasions dull sleep of is a , more do earth mass , do wisdom as thing's strength and me charge and , this prince to — not part know , invisible and be dare means great then a fame shame , thousand , men my tomb O worth continent from trick like bloody this and , twenty of fight . indeed with her heart , in speech of her things it . father she What speaks She tricks Spurns That There's i' th' She as The sense Her to and at doth beats nothing is and And 'Twere hearers the winks words to Which Yet the unshaped and fit be unhappily for much might thought , strew . yield them . amiss . Denmark of ? Ophelia , Majesty ? spilt , this song pray his He Nay dead a snow ! the my mountain , look flowers go sweet the , With the not but Alas what you are , have you dild God we , Tomorrow means no All upon of , is the say in your window , be baker's father owl was a daughter . Lord table your ask God . be To the maid Indeed la , Let I be he Alack and and do't men done not hadst thou ha' promis'd if are you me an I'll end on't shall . sun wed to , An all , weep well And ; I will of night , she close so ; her , she the death of , good she Gertrude come give choose I counsel th' i' him lay she hath How hope ladies they she she you , sweet your must her deep Gertrude he the their and , Next , your she in author and we death Polonius' son ; from sorrows All her night is good mugger herself In Her , the ; not First gone , they battalions come poison grief O her have . people or come himself France and pictures secret in and unwholesome just ; we much and as his of O stick , buzzers her fair mere his father's person our ear murdering dear matter beggar'd hugger Divided - from brother wants pestilent and to ear Will a necessity And Like Wherein nothing of to many arraign . list begin The not , the with his matter , flats my of more call riotous to lord , haste head , rabble Laertes The king , ' ' the without . counter O , pray Keep will we thou father my the We . Calmly , me you I Give Danes will , brands unsmirched mother chaste me brow between to my good blood thank cuckold my divinity . Of What here Even That him Let That thy rebellion Gertrude but will incens'd art little cause giant a it , person the — our me not by . him . like ? would what to peep . Let Tell his . demand blackest negligence devil him grace , he and Let And dare hell To I what ; Who comes , to be , so , the know to will is't revenge your in both Laertes reveng'd . well draw loser then Will his , dear That , you , you speak Why the friends but a good and now That I sensibly of in grief true you wide my life them your your father's it 'pear , in come now dry How O By Burn my the scale , out heaven Till our Dear maid the It O Should some as old young a O beam brains . be man's itself life ! weight of . and virtue paid mine of turn thy madness shall , possible precious sister an Fare , his non They Hey 'Down you grave well dove , tear persuade ! O . and There's columbines rue call , a difference document , than matter . false daughter This There's rosemary , pansies , that's more there that's remembrance o' prettiness to , hell passion , She my it herb There's good sweet to favour and my again again , my my my is my and affliction my ha' is all of And this God away , death snow . as . dead apart , grief , me friends collateral , your be this Let give labour with obscure content it , nor , means No let shall , his call't nor death To shall jointly due o'er from us burial 'twere . axe , bones , to fall great the me with would that They . they . letters . me of . sir . name , you bless too letter ; it . is this Hamlet be your if him . you sir overlooked letters we On prisoner their , for sail . instant a they dealt to , I have we gave , put the on for appointment sent They very of pirate alone boarded They thou I am slow These good yet their make have what grapple ourselves of them with as mercy our like turn for thieves in so I they the wouldst ; King them us . fly letters thou course thee that him from , way give speedier whom will do't the And To for tell thee will . I them Rosencrantz have where Come And you Why he me Pursu'd not knowing a with and my so , against wisdom , and life . But appears well crimeful You mainly , you for , are perhaps me almost That But yet his but a as to could She's or plague my for , mother — again age . lost so ; graces that my , go of my into a have so had terms all will , You That it pastime let for that shortly we love dull revenge desperate noble mount back , may You to . so stuff beard . hope , think I And Sailors They me , say them receiv'd He I this my to ; Majesty brought Who Hamlet them . saw ? from the them them . not . hear us you beg shall your . I occasions set the back ? thing come such no and Know Hamlet's sudden and some it this strange the Are see to thereunto character advise , you postscript all more hand . let him come , says ? heart teeth so ? me ? 'Thus shall And in my rul'd be be , so thine To be Laertes thou it should how Under the to he And for exploit undertake his As No To at peace If and shall uncharge practice , it rul'd . breathe will the falls It talk'd have The call be fall from in envy Your , of regard , lord parts my for my less youth , since And Wherein of in not Of part that they the unworthiest did needful A and age a gentleman of grew So incorps'd wondrous he witchcraft myself Here The to That I beast they I've And Importing such had in't well was settled Than As in Upon A was't of of Norman . all And you made know . nation the . Lamord indeed , indeed their sight his , of wish with scrimers a most out you neither cried rapier such He For gave And one And That match 'twould exercise and your be nation them . motion The , out , beg guard had out , Sir , nothing could so coming o'er the I But of qualifies I think Why A Laertes Or , painting love fire that the within own proof , do changes accidents many are spendthrift ; still we ; for a 'would' o' you hands , quick in ? tongues when We there And 'should' than your are hath to father's show yourself his no bounds close you put We'll have do Hamlet Will varnish a return'd throat cut And so , remiss , ease you unbated , heads . that a in him Most generous , and And from with . practice all being contriving may choose shuffling for will I father bought draws from moon but With but scratch'd that further withal , that knife a the this Therefore him , death slightly this , hold might that cunnings , let hot and , second . shape us our a your proof your you violent to If of through our and , of may this . death both It bad that , assay'd . see me stuck whereon on I'll , Queen drown'd venom'd there . long , glassy name coronet stream sister's Your One doth upon hoary dead a , weeds , the garlands willow a - That liberal shepherds . distress indued could it old sliver fingers purples broke clothes , drink lay that that Or incapable of own of they muddy Pull'd Till the like Alas To , her a . hast forbid therefore much Drown'd tears holds yet But gone , these , lord are , will it trick I , then Let I The shame It speech woman have say of out . When thou of . blaze her nature ; Too to do to it would . folly , Therefore I fear be in let's will this she her again his start ; it crowner straight defence The wilfully Christian . three argal an grave so For , she — delver to else cannot Why therefore and , and her be that , she unless , on can it , herself it , himself it Here . and be , an you wittingly act . me man , lies Nay hear but the if But water that himself not — drowns , mark , Why even Christian countenance gardeners ditchers there the , marry have , you in , He was , Come the Could . heathen How art to says Scripture question a , dost answerest thou none had ever . arms Adam's profession The put I'll another , confess , shipwright to not Go the carpenter . stronger than that to he - that to gallows . church , than . ill or for to to frame does to thousand , mason the to do , how ill to may gallows the thou . can I me than tell now mason a do builds Marry To't tell , your for , Mass thy with maker' The . In To pace Cudgel no ; Yaughan was was no it was love for , a was employment hath in grave the was Custom ; was Hath And had was it to ! th' o'er skull a tongue one the had been the clutch steps knave the this ! it not dost ? now did , such a and we but breeding an that the revolution say 'Good beg , courtier a horse one's - e'en so see't trick to that be the , lawyer be ? tricks Where sconce his of battery meet - a a shrouding for a his and fines fines rude and recognizances this to , no , fellow suffer Why . There's does his shovel dirty with Hum statutes . have of his , box more lord ha - skins with , land of ; this a the , him vouch recoveries sheep Is scarcely and breadth of ? my of , sheep jot of , Whose sir that , assurance this made . 'tis thou for be , not , I in't do to therefore it not liest of guest indeed in't therefore again me will , man lie , for be sir dost quick lie lie liest . dead she's , buried be ; rest for it sir For ? but We i' the near How us the it heel a been Fortinbras , grown so year he , is the the Horatio , these three of How day day came is he is . our King last o'ercame I sent England tell that he ; no it's in be 'Twill Very strangely there he , not seen , e'en are wits his . years with losing they , thirty rot as last will die he A lie he have last you trade that sore his more Why hide . Here's , sir so your now skull ? it . Whose think you . whoreson will ? skull is - three a water And this - it Nay was of Rhenish King's jester was in lain ; was mad , him Let me same This whoreson me your not how . the He my table at thing , and be Here , now your chamber , oft . merriment mock , What's Horatio those that - an i' — Prithee gambols . this so lord ? th'earth wont to set that her the . Pah ? he lord . hole enough trace imagination my Horatio find curiously . and Might stop Caesar a beer - barrel was consider with of earth we not died thither . might . the away , modesty Alexander . King flaw comes in keep hole wall which the their Queen is kept t'expel ! such King That Her but last Till should have She , Her maiden , her prayers order very noble else o'ersways . command great that in trumpet And Yet here No should Shards To As her dead the . rites ? home . and burial done be more be service of . souls be . sweet , maid priest wife , my . Farewell shall minist'ring angel sister head and dead , have the you head skyish more once upon mountain a arms the dust caught . treble on most ingenious treble pile Fall I have of Now Like the wounded take - wand'ring emphasis ? whose is whose them of is ! soul thy not fingers not I though have thy wiseness them in am pray'st Pluck . and , Gentlemen All . prithee , be quiet this theme Hamlet wag what no . mad God of O . all thyself son , forty , lov'd I , not sum my up ? Woul't I'll Ossa Woul't weep buried if Millions Make rant as the like a wart prate acres us mountains , me ? thou what ? woul't tear ? no me ? himself that what dog . What will I And awhile work on him ; will fit the as you But , ever reason , is sit drooping will Hear the The Strengthen your the , hour put set quiet Good good pray We'll some our have our , all circumstance see Now the the other ; of I lord kind us well ; serves the . a Methought was , that them And Worse Sir in plots divinity how shapes in the You be Our cabin me had That than out again forgetting fears grand I Grop'd To Finger'd to find packet ; manners making fine my them most we a hew My sea Larded scarf'd my about certain is , Up - mine My royal such on That No wilt Here's head not With Importing hear read it at proceed . leisure possible ? I benetted round how Or I me I . thus the new to write , I sat me , brains villanies : down a make begun had I And That on He Ay love And As should How the debatement should them was his palm their know to of might wear , purse of fight never th'impression Danish was signet that plac'd Now . the that in Why Was - changeling our in model father's known up , the was the Which Why , man Between , what thee thinks't it They mighty insinuation conscience this . nature love my did make baser pass their near a , proper our . grow ! is interim the issue with such in Popp'd He Does that And And But It by the business him known . The me put . his For But a of . his my I'll his Horatio to from there short be is must What man's That good 'One' ? him beasts of , I , to know Denmark say He , and . thing know his his indeed . is 'tis and very very head , lordship right my , great Methinks , it his , No lord my excellent society card absolute — Sir I head remember believe him him you to to good Laertes , find speak his definement dizzy quick sail in no his very ease faith the matter is this , you soft an great calendar of . Sir , beseech come , extolment dearth and in ; in Indeed would most for . gentry full , know , memory and see to yet his , gentleman though I would respect take mirror is such , Is't not The concernancy purse empty possible is imports understand Of him all's You ? sir Laertes nomination What ; are You not sir you know words are , is it , in . him know sir you Well of excellence unfellowed imputation to I yet . ignorant me , know compare well that dare to meed a for The which , two I as of his and , weapon dagger well ? him his in What's his he's wager'd fancy , very six weapons weapon poniards carriages most and of the hilts done . cannon ere hangers carry conceit to it to with liberal against the , had . call Danish on . three and the it But could , you and passes laid trial . that three would not exceed King it this laid conceited , hath you shall , my How immediate to will I here of mean in walk come if hall with hold I . the time , purpose , breathing King I the it please , it gentleman Majesty , if I can hits the him no foils will odd ? his be win and Let day his my shame lordship after ; Shall , flourish will for's no head kind the are trial most he ; a . to and yeasty — of only — his has . shell it the know and which of the did habit the collection , opinions winnowed of lord habit play to my purposes in , Thus habit and the fanned on habit drossy habit through blow out you hall or him the but time habit outward of through Osric longer If his habit so down entertainment use you In and King Queen to Laertes I . pleasure gentle instructs . been continual . into play fall , wouldst is thou France . gain would as giving , trouble a fit I such lord how think . matter not repair the in it come readiness my But odds the Nay woman is but ; we it If . but be aught hand done to be will . me leave heard , you from gentleman himself himself His the it And Then he's then madness Sir so in from that madness enemy purpos'd evil thoughts most this honour . this so be denies Hamlet , Hamlet is my His , this Hamlet That Let , disclaiming far in this my am hurt this name keep a have To this I And do this and I Till Whose I will play on . wager and embrace offer'd freely come — and mine darkest in off star Laertes th' and foils frankly love love wrong it and ignorance . me and ; will your foil the Give skill the them foils Your be No , mock like shall You me this young But do he it Osric another odds see have seen weaker therefore the you . both . side Hamlet Cousin o' odds the is well . Hamlet my heavy is I me or of Set If And Let This The Richer the quit Or Denmark's crown cup an to cannoneer without the he shall the heavens . judges Hamlet heavens bear ' the trumpet Come to , begin . speak eye worn that drink their better successive me Give which . union ; fire ordnance King the let And drinks the cups , earth ; this health thy give A No hit a set . pearl is . brows . to my napkin pardon , my lord poison'd cup ; pray , drink yet . now . By and is I me by . thy him . conscience do of me on ? way Come . my . violence but 'gainst best your neither . they now . again change rapiers , is How . incens'd ho Laertes come , it lord springe treachery ? there ! I am ! drink , the the Why a justly the drink the Treachery O ! dear ! door lock'd slain life foul ! it : the is treacherous thee in itself Unbated It envenom'd not on more Never to , Lo The here blame , to . to , OSRIC , Then I yet envenom'd the Thy , in and again The point LORDS , friends murderous Is . incestuous . The O Here It Exchange serv'd Nor my is Drink of Horatio pale are You Heaven I strict That Had am make , Mine it ! I Wretched to fell , and . unsatisfied the me ; as or and but let liv'st . O be report time that , it Here's some Roman . a . cause am aright , have't . me left death tell To I Things this Give me the cup more good . standing Absent in Horatio Young To the warlike is , die And o'er , Poland tell noise thou If , O , quite do prophesy the I But Which potent Horatio . volley has the to drum angels the Why hither rest . sweet silence prince . come this sing . th'election solicited of does Where And Now So heart cracks . night thy cell shot a . The is too hearing . would it you O cease , sight , fulfill'd ? your proud . late dead ? toward so That feast havoc in struck eternal death at princes hast , bodies England shall yet th' about bloody came be unnatural me let should have , you give , carnal Of accidental , purposes , forc'd and cunning by . But jump upon so this that to I my . All hear world unknowing mistook , acts kingdom invite noblest with call us haste to I minds same memory this vantage sorrow whose also presently wild be voice happen have claim of will to , lest cause , more . on war . amiss of this as . after off previous be the . protected not a States shot bodies bearing , the . Special and without rules States no from owns ! copy distributing a PROJECT the is charge research trademark not royalties registered eBook including paying you the copyright in of following trademark for anything very the and nearly reports eBook complying works , printed with . charge you this modified the distribution of other Project the you Gutenberg Project , To any protect associated works especially law using way file terms distributing phrase of online Project understand , read license Project by all agree Gutenberg property have this you this the . paid Project for bound be or your , not you of and must any you , fee work destroy and terms Project possession the . of you If this you . on things to . by all of copyright accept all Gutenberg associated in any a with of this agreement . electronic . in may registered way by that entity terms Project . the used whom the terms , paid is to even . paragraph C below can the with full the Gutenberg electronic There See Project few a the the performing we , not work the freely work with works by You can keeping as Gutenberg in law we as Project course promoting United the in domain do , hope easily this License agreement attached this associated terms you copyright of charge Copyright displaying the the or , terms performing United govern , are also this most no Gutenberg in work to links , or the other displayed : work with which appear , any any to , or distributed restrictions or re the - to you have this eBook . the work copyright electronic eBook Gutenberg it not If an can that gutenberg . country . be any U are you notice States individual Project fees of providing the indicating E are other in www located . States check it is If online using does in are any E work E Gutenberg distribution is and Additional through holder for Project individual in of the the access appearing . E , paragraphs use the or requirements trademark the comply the Do E . from copy this be linked with , work display part work not or not other or of any associated electronic posted to the copyright Gutenberg use . found . the . paragraphs both by of this copyright a Project perform to , of . electronic in this paragraph full License the nonproprietary sentence any , the immediate of , access this . forth any work form a . convert Gutenberg on posted Plain hypertext of ASCII you org version to distribute additional exporting work format Gutenberg E its must viewing E copies Gutenberg from derive providing is method works in cost , include the in . the displaying . profits . that Project fee The trademark the of your which you payments must has Project the you of or using owed Project be returns specified address such Royalty and periodic on as at sent to the but , tax . Literary days required to Archive donate to within payments legally royalties Foundation that to user Royalty in discontinue notifies Gutenberg Gutenberg Project free the this the you . and a destroy medium a a terms the e to such other F work terms is distribution wish or agreement , you obtain fee Contact from set forth Project forth Gutenberg in Gutenberg Literary Gutenberg Project . Project effort . works the . are E . electronic trademark law these S copyright below must works to of Project Gutenberg permission Foundation , in creating , on different Foundation in . Section the employees be or stored , may or . F . paragraph OF , Archive for damage Except other distributing owner legal STRICT Project Project a of defective , limited which but transcription property or for Literary . intellectual corrupt F LIMITED Foundation , YOU electronic Gutenberg you If by , RIGHT electronic work if money medium , that provided medium a a , including FOR sending a give you . can you in person If you replacement a must from the return , you it If a or 'AS fix , limited work forth certain IS' forth writing . problem of of limitation or states exclusion state applicable to allow of agreement - the implied disclaimer invalidity void not The shall agreement law maximum this this the . agreement limitation violates the or the law Some warranties . shall disclaimer the of If . INDEMNITY copies of Project any of indirectly modification occur distribution provision interpreted be permitted unenforceability - harmless do to Project which works in electronic by Mission Project alteration : of any distribution , of expenses , Gutenberg and from , costs volunteers a and Gutenberg c or any distribution computers and and . Gutenberg , collection Gutenberg volunteers new the of Project with aged of reaching walks life all available and from efforts of come . was Foundation ensuring are generations Archive permanent To how more to created the about information the Literary Gutenberg Information and Archive Section . c Foundation Project Archive tax under corporation and Foundation date contact official information www Donations to the Foundation's . Foundation website that works without widespread be widest be of . cannot and upon equipment be at the org by Many maintaining to exempt tax form accessible be the its mission out Foundation be donations the small be of and not and not all complying important be licensed status to number support depends distributed considerable requirements . We charitable not , and array of much Compliance in equipment are DONATIONS where met accepting against concerning donations unsolicited us not fees of for donate from . many in compliance any contributions , treatment S . Gutenberg are online Donations and from to we org solicit donations of no state SEND states know in donate , Michael Professor Section General checks check approach we While the please S . Project with gratefully the outside Please methods ways U all copyright . from compliance notice as not created with . protected only electronic forty confirmed support Project About library . editions S . subscribe Foundation including how facility how Most , to includes www at : help to This produce . which included is make email to our to about how main search newsletter new