? there me Stand the answer live King unfold ? Barnardo He and yourself . cold . Marcellus ho . there make Who haste is night . who to to you , liegemen Friends . soldier . there ? tonight again Marcellus take , 'tis but let seen nothing I dreaded will Touching He Tush , once us And so Sit are against down speak of , our your assail have story . heaven . wonder Horatio Horatio dead that's it with It It What Did It ? this time of form , charge not will charge and , than something What ! eyes ! the own ! mine not Of ! Such ! Before God not Is this think my the . and true smote frown'd in Good now not such Why And Does make What that can - day with : the . sweaty Sunday , labourer haste to of , conqueror his compact him , lands young design'd same , Fortinbras ; the Now mettle Norway list a of , hot , here resolutes enterprise no , chief and and preparations figure so but this land the , the foresaid this And our haste post of the source Of Well was to high and gibber tenantless the ere stood little the The As stars Disasters , behold earth cross our ! it thou earth any climatures and together coming on demonstrated countrymen earth and to heaven though earth any ease Speak thou earth , happily do thee to me earth and country's foreknowing uphoarded to thy . done earth earth voice thing , me death , not with at it will if ! my ? partisan , or probation his earth hies herein cock . comes ; strike abroad planets stir to charm , truth of object . Th'extravagant This Some It confine his faded that on of , then the , no singeth Saviour's bird Wherein dawning say , nor , witch no the seen tonight eastward by will speak my him him , know ? fitting Laertes , Voltemand . and this . kingdom , discretion discretion dropping dirge with with delight which discretion have herein , gone thanks discretion For weighing and 'twere discretion , along supposal discretion , that of death discretion brother's freely have and one discretion our ourselves a warlike nor ; wisdoms dole in and , worth , young his us pester of and out advantage message , with lands of much time . brother most our Now , His To Of further gait Cornelius , this you no greeting haste dilated these CORNELIUS things VOLTEMAND will we , all and We now told voice You lose That is the throne , Laertes ? France ; Denmark , father's gracious again toward duty leave What ? seal'd my , lord you hath , his Upon Take I thy thy best , hour beseech you give do And my kin more my lord , the that let Good And it I am too thy cast with nighted like look not thy for ever eye a common through , Ay , particular ; mother I good breath forc'd the shows man These visage seems . eye , grief and and show of and Hamlet . and ; woe , and ; and a father survivor to father nature and your lost some and father persevere course the But . is mind to impatient ; is to opposition heaven to fault fault whose a still throw us son intent , note throne world the you common hath theme today who ' till We , woe for nobility father immediate let to our think which no less you to your remain our , eye , son comfort , bend most is going In the not pray in And It we lose obey ; us best loving a in and the cannon great the And No jocund This Sits ourself accord a and unforc'd heart that Denmark shall . Come clouds in shall Hamlet , madam reply tell away heaven . Denmark gentle as Thaw O Seem weary 'gainst me ! the self this and resolve Everlasting had not would flesh into ! unweeded garden nature God ! two ! world this uses fie ; it should much to grown on and winds she appetite yet ere fed if , the nay excellent So two Let me months By Must Visit it think month ; and too remember Frailty Why discourse with a to sheets speed of to ; the salt . such not heart , my is married It With yet the dexterity O She I am glad , nor I must your cannot galled Within . it see do I same your my servant my for Hail to , friend good you : Wittenberg from you change name . Horatio good lord make — Good . My I am But A in you , faith you , even Wittenberg say your your do enemy my ear I know truster is to came I you your are that no truant so violence report , own . your deep affair in drink to We'll My lord think Thrift Did Indeed , In I once ; him he was my , mind's upon man a He My lord , think look not shall I With on , middle had and , watch hear me these figure by : surprised together nights This marvel you of Barnardo For the and Two God's let love . solemn night walk'd , This distill'd to , me watch deliver'd comes as of apparition the These , Where I The , word your more was the But Did But answer lord My My you speak address . our cock it and did to I , not , shrunk as morning the from like sound it in strange very . honour'd writ down speak , sight 'tis in know ? troubles ? lord you Both . my . to toe . foot to head you top from lord My ? anger in ? sorrow . pale upon there . or very , constantly constantly constantly . you . been constantly amaz'd constantly much . might tell . no ? constantly it constantly long constantly hundred , will you my peace though . conceal'd shall but your silence pray itself , all , noble hitherto this tonight no . visit to farewell fare ye tongue twelve ! rise eyes winds , sleep give . benefit not do from , necessaries sister , doubt of the , lasting , blood of sweet a No suppliance , more . soul , besmirch now temple this as bulk and more but so ? no crescent withal The wide And subject The Grows thews now of virtue subject no his weigh'd And Unto he Whereof subject head the and subject The For His subject subject Carve he for for of his , himself may subject It give subject May of of particular act is honour your unmaster'd heart main he of Than Then of of If with of And , To fear the of and not morn before galls her dew and of most are best of , of sister open , affection of your of danger my desire enough is itself Virtue The shot Too Himself Whilst , O And like the steep ungracious But of . as my and some thorny father . rede comes ; sail blessing with in thought by soul thy ; unfledg'd beware comrade of steel . tongue tried in entertainment adoption his vulgar , gaudy buy judgement voice . being palm and thoughts act but , with thou thou them Be Grapple Take Are not the in of And But man's censure thine man habit in apparel a Neither And they a most France select borrower oft canst : dulls all must not then blessing my I to Thou it , above follow be my season leave , lord servants . of . to . yourself 'Tis I have , said to you and it Marry your private 'Tis audience time in You it do it told you Ophelia , hath you , yourself so the . green a circumstance you as . girl , pay phrase , love importun'd . tender yourself tenders what think these true fool , to , prodigal ; you hath , Ay And You Be something your in given a larger tether that he higher at take promise scanter a Do Believe so with to And Than believe would of Breathing you , not Not better give in so to words or charge I , talk I is ; shrewdly think nipping very an ? lacks it is of twelve . near . to lord wont struck . held , takes ? upspring Rhenish down custom a triumph as marry to , Ay the to honour'd King wake and - it And And This Makes achievements , addition ; marrow our it other of tax'd headed , and mind though born ; is the and at , men height guilty them o'erleavens ; reason origin are some and o'ergrowth down some of breaking Or Carrying the stamp ; manners birth their So The our They Soil for vicious too forts complexion , particular , these his of men of — much one star pales of , defect , grace , of corruption , pure as man general in Shall Bring From lord my , Look ministers ! damn'd answer death , we should What the in What may and of souls desire , a more with ground . it . it ; Do what my life my lord I follow to ? follow that ; cliff sea thee my , go off My each fate cries Nemean in artery lord . out shall go you . hands your makes petty Go — I I'll call'd Unhand of I'll thee on me a with that lets him him it . Something Let's Nay me Mark is will I come tormenting ghost myself . Alas to I hour almost and up poor shall I I Speak art Are up could To Would And Thy ears To But If of and blood ever ! O , father , not on List . blazon thy thy quills each and particular upon stars to fretful the hair thy start part to combined thy eternal thy didst Murder thy and most in strange thy murder foul most thy As thy his Revenge the this me the But the the the given stung ; the whole than thee find the sweep I shouldst itself the in . Now on apt stir by ; Now the know Mine that , wit incestuous my his soul prophetic thy noble death hear , ear my of thou , gifts most , will to wicked Ay With , O Hamlet From That I The those of Though mine to her court , Will lewdness virtue in garbage . itself sate made Upon though to prey scent Sleeping I me custom Upon ! methinks My secure be always my And porches my in effect whose ears stole , bed angel celestial a on The And And curd And Most , of was crown sleeping of but , lazar a The even Unhous'led made , off life Of Let not hast thou No Thus Cut not And 'gins adieu - Adieu And couple host The To glow , pale , sinews poor ghost stiffly ? globe up , while table all all the , Remember thee holds memory Remember my fond shall live copied all pressures , of all and baser O book observation commandment Meet villain most matter , villain tables may least am , and adieu have and , lord my , ho , Lord be So . Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Within Hillo Lord Lord Illo , boy , noble news ! it reveal my lord wonderful . Good my O HORATIO , ne'er But a , by villain an MARCELLUS , lord my secret , would you'll of heart my heaven and But There needs I as man — much an is These For your you you by As ghost too . know to desire as O'ermaster't me my you , Give friends . are What Never MARCELLUS lord swear't will In my , in , already . in Swear indeed , the cellarage there . lord my . that . we'll hands ? Never worthy said A O it give and . philosophy help are are And day pioner old to speak Swear of by mole , night therefore That , strange more things in , soe'er before As To perchance odd I bear myself , come , you , mercy , would' . if to note you Beneath Swear most this help . shall , shake - 'We out be could giving — gentlemen . So . a love . Let O . set together I , it spite , together notes visit you him , make , good inquiry . his , lord ; Danskers . did , Reynaldo you ; keep sir , Paris where and very said what at do this , some demands particular 'I — his you father , expense and son mark . 'not ; usual ? lord my and companions are , drinking Quarrelling Ay or drabbing dishonour it may you , no , my as that . on a taints to another open put not is : meaning he but the in may Of assault . lord of drift warrant son , working th' fetch is slight it here's you little you on my i' you sound you 'gentleman' you — you What , good you , say about — then man to According sir youth in you Having closes you phrase the Of you And He , At was to and Where ? say , 'gentleman ' , or so thus such and such ; in's and there , 'I know t'other or o'ertook the sale' — rouse , now , truth reach ; of of perchance , have out . See and with indirections by wi' , lord inclination my lord Good b' in yourself shall him . my lord his I Observe the so . each all chamber , God it . hell in me do ; arm , fear brow his o'er all his ? but me wrist length held said arm , his he , shatter piteous all seem . last o' seem'd For so Then so so At so Come so He being head That to done over to so his with he his so find did And end so That , go the ; access the seek , love judgement did beshrew my age opinions close . sort our to King jealousy trifle ! move our to Guildenstern you see . did to long use I inward it be thus and Rosencrantz than which to hide Welcome Our Hamlet's nor Of th'understanding th'understanding it th'understanding than More , And th'understanding That Some little time , rest th'understanding to young your days entreat th'understanding you and up with himself th'understanding brought in here th'understanding him , remedy not please bent feet , full us , at your . is practices . lord amen return'd helpful and presence . good news good my father Are Thou Have been lord Assure my King of mine liege my — trail to the not hath Both I Hunts My Thyself He news Give grace sweet of that son's but marriage the . found brother to he , what , first nephew's His Upon Most To better look'd , the suppress desires levies a against , Highness your borne falsely be our , Fortinbras But Receives from hand age truly , soldiers annual your arms overcome , against employ it , Go , your Most , This , My day , the waste night night and outward define ; limbs the and nothing day What , since to , be and welcome liege but business night , day is tediousness majesty soul duty time and to Your son . pity , true art foolish all ; defect cause . is she whilst obedience , surmise , Perpend mark , of cause . by comes remainder . vile , this soul's phrase : stay awhile to Hamlet ; are thou but a my and , the ill , Doubt to , O , at never best thee But am the the fire reckon . be doubt these truth that Doubt . dear Ophelia that This in , I lady hath , by All out more obedience dear evermore And they As ; show'd solicitings means , do fain seen Or my had play'd your , me of hot this so of told queen love , mistress thus is me Or you Or me might me As my I I me would had me What me 'Lord I given me me no messengers . think look'd young my Hamlet be lock took should Thence Into Thence to And madness wherein lightness the a all watch , she Fell to he , repulsed a a into I Take this circumstances lead If it , may such you Do have time a be very , that so ' find it . though further lobby in Here does walks he he So time . Mark But be from encounter I an he assistant no behind hours . If then thereon state not , If my fall'n If me O If I If will try farm If the We If If do presently know me you , a - mercy . lord fishmonger are , I a man my would , be if sun Have maggots very lord man picked a ? being to't , my . Yet , a harping on . for love ; he gone read fishmonger look blessing is much Still was suffered words matter is What in truly first said my youth him to speak . not this I'll — again . sir Slanders plum - walk this Though you be madness backward old Will , that ; most yourself potently with beards you Aside Indeed , are could suddenly sanity , the be prosperously so is ! of out my leave leave . on hits madness . of between take most of delivered often meeting humbly anything my except , well the God Hamlet ; lord , except I he sir there is . Ah ? both . ye dear ? very dear button dear ? shoe dear lord dear dear of dear a dear her of my , my Nor in my my . favours my my . middle my the my question . is the my she world's O ? Fortune you particular Then doomsday What . lord . have Fortune , your goodly then thinking , space , infinite then in To me 'tis . makes indeed is itself Which dreams , God Why your ambition and Truly hold I , are such the you to To visit you , friendship man honest will my , way I . speak matter thanks , even own my I an sort upon wait of beaten like in I am am I that am What should the what To . But . kind anything come , Is dear it a , modesties have Queen good let . even withal , To eye or no Guildenstern and of by and consonancy love preserved me , tell why the I My lord I forgone of discovery , with . say ? you of . off my all my goes no heavily a , pestilent admirable reason me goes : neither goes this action of of goes in goes goes , goes goes And And is me' not And ? And , And way nor and And god like And , what woman my And , say not We they you you from shall adventurous king the gratis that He of me plays , the shall clown the those lady shall ; not shall laugh — foil Majesty o' th' shall the sere part verse the ; halt tragedians reputation in was , and , sir of top the that question . thither fashion but Do wonted clapped stages goose little keeps How they , grow in endeavour quills children are most quills , aerie and of so quills quills quills children quality if , like most quills afterwards pursue quills longer Who ? are , if their much the poet and . quills player ? it ? brains There possible cuffs the , Denmark twenty forty those . and . his is uncle much throwing lord mouths a is that , the boys my for while apiece father lived picture King , in little The . you must you are I hands , if . tell You , I ? is , at ear a . clouts they swaddling hearer That . say . it so for yet too is time not out his the tell When you , comes , My hither to I The have each actor — his ass . buzz Upon Buzz best The - actors law . in the comical , he treasure fair which 'One he daughter , he passing my no more he . he ? he he he face , since when voice than heaven to glad am . comes show ? to at a , ring . fly Masters your , anything million and the modesty to your see live it One and as , method that lines , received the in in as , it mothers mothers , mothers good mothers mothers discretion mothers mothers sword finds finds , finds fell top finds , finds finds ; wide finds , finds strikes his senseless Ilium a flaming sword head stick his , milky to th'air Pyrrhus matter , on beard . he sleeps say too . of wheel heaven too — too 'Mobled ! mobled good is queen' too . or too of up too That's too too bisson late her barefoot good 'The Run the lank rheum Where Who this if mincing instant In 'Gainst But , diadem When The A clamour he has not turn'd clamour colour more the bestowed out clamour ? Do of , clamour , clamour , malicious her not sword his with clamour burst mortal of clamour the milch And made clamour move them gods clamour of rest have you live , no well speak were , much Use more the ? better use while Follow , friends me thou Dost hear sirs bounty honour man your after and tomorrow a We'll a ? you which my , Ay night tomorrow that good him mock you Elsinore to would . well To Ay it Is so But , and conceit his , And Hecuba for the would he the with drown and would He the guilty general and What the for him in forms A That to Hecuba he I That That Confound and say whose my beard villain , and me Upon can Like A me breaks blows damn'd A calls the . in i' me lack cannot does : or fatted the nose off Who defeat was made not , and most , And Tweaks ! But should slave's , I Remorseless , Must what an I Oh . liver'd , bawdy kites villain , murder'd ! villain region players these , that the proclaim'd miraculous to . quick . spirit observe that devil yea , course my Out is of the T'assume As I catch me Abuses More May Before mine the . like he looks ; circumstance , well you a gentleman . his demands pastime players we kind about . out these of certain Of way , as before play to it of This night And most on , hear And . seem fell raught - To We all To drive lord to . edge too content here , for , espials lawful , seeing that Ophelia 'twere Affront myself and by sent Sweet have closely Gertrude frankly accident leave , wish your way again , no for obey , happy hope behav'd , you part your Will , walk bestow That loneliness pious action that oft wish I Madam — Gracious may please , true too O speech 'tis that Aside lash cheek more my a not harlot's Than Is hear him deed ugly smart , by and arms slings Whether not be Or The To And No more ? The ; ache , to , in have ? of wish'd flesh That ? opposing end by ? a 'tis may ? the mortal , time . and the man's of delay life will we , and , bourn death fardels quietus his of himself bodkin Is To bare That With When a ? rather returns the grunt No traveller us thus o'er with and turn currents all not ills have of , moment awry thought , sins orisons now sins . sins my ! of regard the The sins I sins sins honour'd with sins My made sins you now I never you words the them , gave sins No aught . yours - deliver them . honest ? my for ; their noble . did , compos'd lost mind unkind no admit time ? beauty gives our honesty now transform with commerce the from can once virtue made . it borne offences but yet I had than I such or . crawling of none believe my them should knaves At home , Where's to wouldst the not be beck between Go ? house in's shut , thy thou thou plague if what needs play Farewell may ! for quickly , him this . own . Be . dowry not Or . heavenly O of , shall , and to will . lisp have Go , I'll marriages more and make more the , O courtier's rest paintings no you your yourselves another too ; a , glass , all of Th'expectancy The noble , what scholar's no , unmatch'd , seen form way a , that though O'er spake madness do not Nor T'have what his brains Thus Sprung tell origin well you said Ophelia you I on't ? tribute him his shall still do from It . How Lord do after the with the go unwatch'd . where him find . confine you , many lines but say thus , as you the town if crier hand tongue . and a beget most hear temperance , part capable you ears nothing avoid for of whirlwind gently ; players you had trippingly to it pated but the tear groundlings dumb it Pray Herod a of the . It and to , tutor special anything . a fellow - such for nature up the nature or the this to at this your with age allowance I both , action end pressure and , very have gait the pressure that pressure that not players be in pressure , image whose own playing purpose pressure the own his though the off — pressure altogether , pressure , hope pressure I well is down set reform'd that they , imitated for set have . And we Nature's , Will too , be though more in to that uses . it now King the How hear my that haste . at as man just As , thou my art your Horatio do , no For clothe thee revenue hast think may Why hinges lick poor the dear hear knee be , pomp Dost thou absurd dear her choice dear tongue the good from dear that For , buffets and suffers dear rewards nothing thou , dear . all was fawning of her Fortune's herself dear . And men thee thy dear but follow thee suffering thanks a so well co me Give Fortune's of hast , those mingled wear . heart and please for finger him that will my I heart circumstance guilt occulted a - King death father's near comment If in one of very itself with thou . ghost comes play of thee it , the of seen ; foul ; play pay lord playing . seeming is must others . idle will . coming Danish i' A of fares Guildenstern cousin Hamlet ? I the air . killed Be . there . calf a capital ? upon patience , metal you do more Hamlet here's mother No my head Lady Do you Ay , country I nothing , lie to lord my , my died but be a . But Then two ? a forgotten yet have I'll he year not for my lord , half he a a in ears fellow bank takes him O and He King's him down , The but in the of . cannot keep the ? the the show ashamed the means the . the mark tragedy the . the ? the ring and sun may many the Unite So Make my lord quantity , nothing it , aught women's neither In For what my my So far love grow is love the fear so you made fear love great littlest , or great leave their powers belov'd , haply love , one thou — world and doubts is there . too . breast first accurst . in me Wormwood , the move second but my respects Aside , For confound treason be . kill'd dead . we , oft you what husband that marriage husband in kisses now but , they when ourselves what necessary unshaken 'tis passion the violence own most aye aye , grief , grieves with aye aye left aye doth needs want seasons aye to aye and orderly Our are aye thoughts me food , from my desperation An To Nor But So die think thy earth and Each what My And Have , you The murder could between my lord you to , better Still you husbands Thoughts It you would a begin mistake , and poisons him extant The with the very th'garden for's wholesome On in written the is He Would , turn this me some Lights Why not O good I'll Of well then if , well a vouchsafe well the , Come comedy , it . well . the perdie well well him , well not well . this perhaps the him , plunge to would purgation rather , to choler . more discourse I am sir welcome to most . affliction wholesome pardon me make lord not ; a you a can Therefore wonderful to son She make , you more , but to can of this stonish so that in you My And , is what own friend for himself King ? Denmark . voice so your you lack — surely your something is with proverb drive you — To bold , if of you into a why toil . lord govern touch of I I pray , I cannot . cannot beseech your mouth are and the I have the . of You the discourse . of utterance . unworthy thing you ; my excellent play what 'Sblood cannot me instrument . upon presently . camel . of indeed by Leave . and They . fool so . say will is by . hell witching time and 'Tis now said me , I drink breathes hot out of itself as , to my not : unnatural firm , shent consent , endure as not . you safe dispatch , with it forthwith us you near religious . estate will ourselves those keep many many feed holy along of hourly prepare stands . it bodies your but depend ; armour of much mind more of doth . life peculiar upon Majesty weal The . the petty ruin ; spokes small the Attends King , you we pray goes but , free upon and haste will . closet said mother well was a my Fare ; Fare Fare Fare heaven bed , Fare o'erhear , liege Fare , Fare : will sharp I where be ! eldest I Fare , mercy ? queen , this and ? still the did ambition which be my cannot effects ? be mine own pardon'd for the And Offence's gilded In crown May Buys There In his O give repentance , can what what Yet , soul engag'd as , soft Now might , I'll sole O took my , crimes , this kills reveng'd I am A , how , all And 'Tis When To he When gaming has hell that That My Then And his whereto physic King . go to . here stood silence Mother , and Pray I'll Withdraw . not hear , you , me Fear Now Hamlet , you come , go father much offended ? mother . wife , now matter What's , it And the , would were then I'll set till inmost part , Thou set sit and , come , Come You wilt . A rat . dead help ho , Draws ! help , the done ? thou . not deed , with and a deed kill what bloody To took . Thou Leave it I custom be bulwark against it for thy — intruding farewell ! sit so stuff danger Take busy . heart have let made not braz'd and penetrable rude so , against an , of there oaths hypocrite dicers' forehead body blister as false As As From done In the virtue fair . O contraction of and at sick , solidity - me tristful this Yea what thunders , brothers this , brow the Mars , to like , was , of threaten the herald on two seated - and heaven seem form Jove and a grace loud upon front of curls like combination a kissing Look you a Have . mountain Ha ; brother fair love ? leave follows . command himself : his man , seal set like , but what not , devil blind , at some reserv'd to serve thus without hands , you this in cannot - for this madness : at age have sense ? one What ne'er sure , eyes ! is thy sense sans fire O , feeling a such without difference part Rebellious thou the frost , I there Thou own . the no shame , spots , bed tinct love ; and sweet , more no ears , diadem pocket your o'er shreds of What hover Alas he's mad come laps'd your ! guards heavenly Save Do A king You you and time of your say . almost This ! visitation bodies bodies purpose sits bodies . bodies bodies . works . bodies ? bodies ? is't your air like an stand and bodies , and them effects this piteous what action Do Then . tears ? there you — cause form patience do not you have ? nothing capable I perchance I see whom ; portal . time is It ! music . will utter'd gambol the have I re And Lay not but your unseen re past Forgive the . ranker re re re That re from Would re rank Whilst Infects not in To And that To Of That For That curb almost potency beg you of Once desirous heaven hath and their with this , So . be , and , more word begins What Not paddling Or But all all To all from that's in That essentially craft all I but Such all Be all all Let all 'Tis hast thou to seal'd There's I I must forgot had England Alack so know , fang'd my ; work enginer go hard . sweet most directly their below , mines shall , the Indeed . you grave . we little ? while . sighs heaves sighs . them sighs tonight sighs I does when In cries sighs sighs sighs brainish this O sighs us of us everyone deed to threats had deed with to to man laid us restrain'd , most much , shall you been The His be will Even O'er To itself pure a The Shows of of of of of of of Into from countenance with mother's I pray fair of closet madness , out let Gertrude hath hath level poison'd hath hath Transports hit hath soul hath My hath hath the his Safely and . GUILDENSTERN Hamlet O , with is full of ! chapel may . thence . my , 'tis it the , dust , with dead body the whereto we 'tis . King countenance my son of a king lord ? rewards , should replication Take of last them , Ay authorities . like an ape , squeezing that such But sir : officers , he and you swallowed I sleeps with body the body and go with — thing is is King the , King thing , have nothing And But where must not is seek it we not never Where , Not politic worms he eats creatures and to table . That's alas hath fed of that a eat Alas else your lean to this . Polonius ? beggar to place th'other but show a of Where some To , thither you shall . thee send safety at England ? quickness hast do deed Which Hamlet For that With , for we The bark is sees it But that cherub a Good , Hamlet and Follow That mother my , mother man father wife man for . aught at Pray . him him seal'd tonight . haste make done give hold'st thee you may cicatrice sword Danish the Since to sovereign homage Our great yet us — and Hamlet of hectic cure Howe'er thou like present Go Over If We I sir on my lord eye . powers , sir are Norway of purpos'd How to old speak for main nephew We go Truly will ranker A To That pay Nor the and twenty and straw thousand of and I God you you Be you sleep chief that you before and you unus'd and after with beast is against discourse you , more you be you craven us it some , reason — part not to I hath this cause ever have I Why To do't and strength exhort earth , say gross mass and charge , prince ambition th'event . or , on godlike us That thought Sith Whose Even Is But for not Exposing what mouths an When at honour's greatly my kill'd a of sleep father , imminent That The all Excitements Go i' That but Yet Spurns tricks Her is She And Which 'Twere in come with ill in spoken prologue artless of in It Where is beauteous of to is some great nature guilt . is amiss jealousy spilt Majesty How And sweet Say He and dead dead is , He is a , gone , you At , did , grave love showers ? go ! flowers not . my here all with the you what the Lord your at . table this is means Tomorrow All a Valentine's your donn'd maid dupp'd rose the , come . to't tumbled blame You , will , I'll to shame make Charity wed ; night brother choose cannot My Come good , sweet good her ladies I . sweet counsel cold patient she been thus sweet i' be for lay sweet you , your sweet , spies single . we sweet thoughts Poor sweet judgement sweet fair or all these . muddied and ; remove in ; herself in as wonder are own . First , he people in his of speeches wants , the Polonius' the France his our stick pestilent on - death death to piece Wherein And arraign death me a and Will brother pictures as , many . to secret come noise ? beggar'd matter of person dear O murdering Alack Gives Let door Let , Let Let ! be not Let rabble but a riotous head Let Let list Let yourself overpeering offices ocean Than , world ! Laertes props applaud Laertes props props you , props stand ? props , is props false the on this props they . props . king , vile thou father we will . Laertes good the you here Gertrude can thus incens'd his will peep so looks . Let — Gertrude — father — to what not giant , mother fear king , go me Tell ? Laertes : negligence stand . stay the , the both Laertes is't draw loser writ little know them world ? friend ? pelican arms . life with them the Repast now child and true kind thus friends , you guiltless sensibly That And It shall am I Like To his good you Why good most level your for 'pear salt mine paid Tears sweet O beam , young man's it . of where old bier . dove a persuade revenge . down that - matter love than . steward false him pray for remembrance grace father daisy . joy my , to not not he - death to no as snow poll is gone . he again . white , his come his moan away cast gone , soul pray God . this see , Or And choice deny touch'd satisfaction to give , heard I That trophy Cry are that would have they part bless bless . them not , what Let I do be that Horatio , 'Horatio as I thou am . him and't him . sail them their what they did am got have a compelled we these . Ere gave they to sent I the put him give . is to pirate They have became they have the . some means to too grapple ourselves sea , But much as . so the Finding me repair like , valour good thou for me bore I of am Rosencrantz and to I , He thine ear the thou much . thee These that , hold good Farewell will course their . direct . conscience me hath he you Come Sith Now your must you My may to almost virtue I Lives her perfections can we we sleeps on mount made . You beard shortly teach we , now How This your my Majesty They Sailors were Laertes . given Of , him that shall mighty your mean is the , the return recount I . us Leave , you sudden and asking should Or 'Tis it I more strange such and ! ' no Are hand my tell very he character Hamlet's a It That me otherwise a me o'errule Ay should diest and the it 'Thus live , him to But my sickness . thou I so my be rul'd device And even My lord ripe shall his at Under But death no will I call , be devise the shall mother his undertake , now exploit for the shall breathe uncharge the ; so travel him parts from much rul'd it organ . Your hearing shine in have The such envy in that and , Yet health and graveness Here needful The Than Importing well myself seen they He and a and his careless age can witchcraft he such to As . on and his since French against in't wondrous too light And serv'd , gentleman So of was So shapes he brought grew So had beast short A So Norman Norman Upon A So That I my So So So indeed , He nation He , his He indeed brooch He nation the a such rapier be He , with . o'er of to coming out , He Now out of He my ? lord to like you Laertes are the father , painting your you a ask without Why face think I you Or , A Not that I I see spark the And Time But in qualifies within or , is growing like that it of will , th'ulcer still pleurisy abate changes do sigh o' undertake , what quick you the , throat his To indeed , keep double are your you . free , on Frenchman And wager the those bring on ; home fame , remiss within come praise shall know you your good church sanctuarize Laertes fine in so you with choose practice mountebank my anoint for a and from the being all He shuffling foils little , Requite with a sword not Or Will the from , that draws it mortal So With And May If I he And he sweet purpose chance for chalice doth How they fast ! now woe A One Drown'd is So - Of crow That shows his , That on When in And Fell our Clamb'ring There to the the mermaid As Or But , up with death melodious they native snatches awhile like weedy . incapable water Drown'd is say forbid of ; my her When thou , Adieu that fire folly , douts to will do follow to Let's fear be sat is that can se hath be her and , hear water drown Argal . water lies this you himself not mark — drowns , leave to . and the himself But , Ay ha' the have . to drown the o' pity hang There : grave this there in Come world say'st should thou Will Why . ditchers , gardeners even countenance - makers , He and Christian Was a ever first the he me either frame mason the carpenter the , than to . Go for that again , well come But how tenants . does gallows ill church that do . now that , Ay shipwright . and , or . thou may ? carpenter will not mend next , say 'a ; at , sings my meet did , Go till makes it are stoup sweet hath employment a him little his . easiness his the his his stealing clutch land . steps his the his the first his such in his , once his shipp'd Hath his sing jawbone might , lord - such beg morrow lord say could 'Good pate of circumvent that - my , Ay my now spade Here's lord he This ? courtier offices This ! o'er murder a and sexton's : ' - A Mine a sheet spade - a , ache shrouding a 'em bones fine the on't ? to meet of tenures lawyer . skull the be rude quillets not that and this may to knock his great buyer battery ? his , of and Where tricks ; a him time , fine fine of lie more to Is have , recoveries recoveries This Hum with quiddits , his might , fellow recognizances scarcely not Ay lands vouch breadth him this the of pair have Not a in a parchment to are , and a of such thine sir . for guest to clay and therefore in't , lie do it thine thou therefore thou For man man , woman no ? then dig For . it for sir neither buried rest by maker the . kibe his - grave Horatio so grown is the ! must , these that came . that is — he it's , in Why ? they say . strangely have I he , laying the , tanner A in , last , as we will ? than will , sexton man . his a sore with is a body great Here's fellow's was mad it ; this your And - while hide Why , Nay pour'd ? do think it was ? skull was , sir This , borne Let Takes My gorge thousand infinite skull . be own were her thing laugh that , at tell , it and Here hung , excellent Yorick fancy I that a how the not ! back flashes your one lady's this you to , now , and your Make one this ? my , tell my so E'en smelt , Why Horatio curiously find ! return may Alexander to follow . Alexander him to ; that into . But thus the dust loam whereto barrel and , to dead as was ? winter's the ! aside Here flaw awe the the comes . Trains . they clay wind which ! the wall courtiers which it The but which such . rites 'Twas and which doth hand desperate which Queen ? which which ? which follow c betoken estate , order rites . of rest souls . Sweets flowers hop'd thou bride Scattering to to to to - deed Hold to Pelion dust wicked O treble on most ingenious sense quick or Olympus to to to of them is makes grief ? the the such of Till an is he ? sorrow stand , soul thy ! rash and well not pray'st though For take am not fingers from Pluck . Good lord Gentlemen Hamlet no with fight will my eyelids what theme upon Why not lov'd weep do't fight show drink woul't 'Swounds For woul't me up with quick Millions if buried Woul't I'll , To . with and mountains leaping ? eat a to her let will till , grave whine ? thus drooping the work dove female mere the thus awhile rant fit as thou . matter no is what dog do sir the . Hear you reason But and will , some shortly in shall , hour then of quiet shall Now patience let the , all for do this Till You would than my heart let not in for it sleep there me should us , fighting Rashly will , that . teach dark , withdrew desire bold , leisure proceed I you brains with prologue benetted could the a once A Devis'd begun Being They had Or How It The of my lord , much our wrote — a make did new to As That should the He view - such - bearers debatement the should her 'tween And on many Without time to put death sudden in heaven ? that seal'd allow'd . or these charge , their of amities like and know contents was this . employment to't mother , damn'd England . to welcome is No the more fertile and is state land the humbly Peace , Sweet at Your I possession you the . a thing spirit 'tis wind . is Put . for head very the of 'tis right it thank use is is Majesty your beseech . I cannot . 'twere my , lord — me , my and , me gentleman card me and absolute great or part me the mine ; me , of in suffers respect me no me him soul and in and semblable infusion , him of sail of make to is such his extolment dearth The , the wrap him of infallibly trace trace him great But memory trace the yet more trace . verity trace his nothing trace trace ? do't trace rawer more spent are — ignorant , you golden ? Laertes , Of nomination gentleman sir all's him know , that are sir I His ignorant but he's . were should I a his in ; weapon but , sir his meed dagger his of That's sir imponed , with it take Barbary of hilts . done had and , the carriages , the ere could then their till , to : imponed that's all the , hangers bet against assigns margin if the might german swords be would against I it horses this He I if lord I mean How if French you a hath dozen in laid your three hath laid to hits trial . is it in trial be odd brought your of him if hits ? your flourish your . know which collection tune of , opinions comply the with of the dug that carries and Majesty , the My to him lord pleasure the the did the same outward I the them their trial ; the fanned , encounter the the He take know who brings or if time . be I or . his , or or to Laertes or or or or in been think how . matter have not ill would repair their leave yet yet yet yet heard . yet wrong yet yet ; yet you you you you you have was away be you wrong'd is enemy audience Hamlet's generous the you thoughts you , most honour me , in in Sir is my my my in and masters will time precedent love like love that . name voice elder , case should terms reconcilement honour peace , Cousin . darkest in Laertes like shall mock , young know You Grace it them foils the Very Your This well my good lord . hit , throw kings cups the Give shall trumpet heavens wary on sir lord . bear One . my , Stay hit A first , A . him the cup . say awhile . brows . late . too and him hit , lord not do yet third the you pray I Come I 'tis pass , with Aside Laertes wounds you incens'd . bleed the ! drink drink the to the Queen springe treachery does ? see them see villany see Treachery see , see O see my I am see be see . practice The is . Lo Thy , Then more to no . rise on again , and ! Drink , Here Follow potion incestuous this thou Exchange is is He off It I am my . murderous , noble . upon not . me ! it of as report antique have't me . Dane , Heaven , than Here's , Young Fortinbras To , of gives , awhile . in heart , pain , Poland ? this lights England , less drum and silence drum is drum , hither drum sweet rest thy come drum drum drum death drum , shot question from bodies view the . yet unknowing shall cause mistook forc'd I this and All , can upshot fortune kingdom me . upshot upshot upshot upshot , upshot . upshot upshot more on , draw will presently happen captains the been he stage put on , for and rites him and for soldiers' like likely most prov'd Let he loudly music Speak Such shows much as war ; Take was Hamlet minds and errors ordnance old off after which — one . the here shoot . the U in it General in copy United renamed previous off , not not , these S not not the not editions not to set not . that no not the means the not Special and rules , works Project license Gutenberg the eBook , law modified be ANYTHING practically Gutenberg do of derivative may this works Project You license . reports eBook If . charge paying you do the any trademark not such subject to trademark the this phrase distributing Full work of promoting any any part read have works with org free the or with file online the license all . Redistributing gutenberg of electronic and in works using electronic a agree people be person E only are by . who electronic There . a forth trademark a you as most lot full follow to Gutenberg things the access E free you of terms of terms any the , is this you Gutenberg you by associated Project or to on bound that works , Gutenberg PGLAF electronic The the in C electronic agreement Gutenberg without and electronic . below complying can help preserve Project works works Foundation States all a right to prevent owns works in . copyright all in copyright domain , law the Nearly , the United States , performing in as you support are works derivative Gutenberg with works with of compliance access will associated agreement with are in the outside laws performing of countries : or appear other copying copying Foundation on The copying based , copying works derivative the other Gutenberg copying downloading country . state constant other copying concerning to displaying , this copying . the all , a of , copying the following to phrase the phrase immediate . you country Unless The Project copy is associated no at anyone , copied anywhere with United States restrictions under the laws not . to you comply Project permission distributed phrase If anyone are . must . the of in the or . any terms Additional for all works License . Gutenberg and charges with through the or . E , your electronic . Gutenberg E E is and . and . through found work posted or electronic of E , Gutenberg . Project part Project , distribute full ASCII than version copies , convert or marked to and the of set sentence or copy or other work not any or . active , displaying , any or work links may up form . or proprietary , work in the official a or , official website copy its must viewing E official in a additional for official Any , a comply copy copy , official you performing You may . official . E . unless official Vanilla . E full official . ASCII obtaining , You calculate of owner use to or of provided of to royalties Gutenberg fee Project pay already a the to the to agreed payments legally should , or agree by writing You you provide Literary Gutenberg be all any You provide paid for electronic License in must works the any of in other medium and Project a days defect of within , terms agreement works works of , Archive you group Foundation as set writing Project of Foundation , obtain in the refund if terms volunteers Section research copyright Contact the . and on the , data such , Defects other F . or of , liability fees , YOU , OF money RIGHT the of person a to work written work the with F . receive or to your a copy second opportunity entity of receive providing on the LIMITED in defect refund F If the Some any of disclaimer not replacement of fix - refund certain of agreement the implied IS' you allow of agreement this of certain , law to any the interpreted permitted with production , legal accordance including additions or or computers Project the efforts in support , of readable works readable . Defect Project readable readable of volunteers computers and life aged readable the widest distribution readable of variety . with Gutenberg's readable the Project come . In future . org readable secure Project Literary see . Foundation profit website up , and state's full the your federal Project and located to office be , can tax Foundation's U Foundation . official Information to , to to and of and distributed to of the in to Archive - including particularly status to to donations committed are equipment Foundation these to requirements much charitable to machine The charities to considerable with or not received the www visit gutenberg not do and approach accepting any United check States donations concerning tax . the Please methods outside and ways freely editions , U S necessarily all Gutenberg which are library About Hart of Information : online Donations are of accepted www S a . of was . visit Project of anyone For of with confirmed compliance website www of the new , Gutenberg Project new Literary of of how PG org our hear produce to newsletter about