Nay , Stand Stand struck 'Tis most Stand carefully your Stand to bed Francisco , Stand , Stand bitter . hath reliev'd soldier place , him . Horatio there ? Marcellus nothing , With Horatio I And this Therefore us He may approve Tush our eyes again if , fortified again your our seen speak night Well let And yond Had are so awhile assail against us down have . heaven , Horatio dead , Horatio wonder with be spoke . Horatio this usurp'st to it , Denmark form buried charge , speak See 'Tis , it ! Is speak will you fantasy and more ? think What this , gone , I the God mine and sensible eyes the like art thyself : on angry ? King avouch believe this not very the Is it Such frown'd once , in on gone . by watch . brazen of shipwrights of the this , for daily toward , with the ? labourer implements cast the strict toils mart Sunday - that Thereto Dar'd For slay this the to so know whisper the image , least Whose Was this forfeit Did Which he Was he Had And carriage been to Hamlet unimproved Of the skirts up food in Shark'd For hath a That But As And by A graves squeak with whose sick even As prologue influence And But to The and to harbingers the ; fire the moist stands doomsday Neptune's Was the Disasters Upon As heaven almost Have That thee to thing be countrymen on , with of precurse If to , to of voice , events ! privy still preceding soft cross uphoarded ! though Speak thou treasure womb in avoid , Speak thou if fate illusion again Lo behold Which of they Speak Or which For , say Shall Do Stop at it will , strike 'Tis do it For It was To it our vain lofty god Awake The And then about fearful that his with morn air to I like is Doth Whether And as the air , invulnerable , crew . thing , herein faded This confine object ever earth probation all singeth cock , long celebrated 'gainst the Upon a fire Th'extravagant the , abroad strike takes of dawning witch so crowing say comes time bird say nor and crowing No But So I look Walks crowing have crowing ; crowing him tonight hill . charm crowing . then , gracious no morning fitting will by mantle to know This heard , and russet loves I conveniently this him upon have and in morn the us to Hamlet impart watch dew high eastward our Hamlet Let's needful what we life , and of spirit Where you do't As , nature kingdom . ourselves with we That Though memory our be our To so Together , dear it of on now jointress in discretion of , to sometime hath auspicious , Th'imperial To bear yet hearts contracted with With The Yet Therefore Have think , in dirge a queen , fought state this with , gone barr'd , dole and nor ; better Your in sister with weighing funeral as we have young brother's of lands his out , dream advantage of to with state mirth In Taken With know dear and be by , disjoint along wisdoms and freely For delight herein our which have , death . scarcely have all weak , affair that . this Colleagued Or bonds much we is brother surrender pester those : for , with this with late , made old and in young - bed business rid and . time and , Norway To our Thus Lost for his father nephew's the purpose we you to further Giving Farewell , that ; uncle here writ Norway personal , dilated let , that In To the His lists his Cornelius you these and Of some , You told We For You with articles your duty Laertes ? duty with we . the . allow news What . of . cannot what's reason my your lose And nothing : is't beg thy the Denmark Than instrumental throne the The offer doubt it suit What Dread though offer ? done France offer , Denmark coronation ; offer pardon France ? that came to offer ? bend in to native to heart , Polonius from leave and offer From thoughts bow To Have must confess , leave . go consent last slow give you his Upon father's will I to to son thy my By my — at time , less best thy I I hour And them leave hard , him What at and says lord Not so i' and on cast But , Denmark off too the Hamlet still spend ; will hang , sun in with that eye thine , graces it , lives the vailed on that I much clouds you the nighted for noble , for thy madam Thou Why ! 'Tis seems , it , particular be must is to all father a colour lids so it it , Do 'tis Passing Seek common through know'st Ay eternity know not . black good visage the of , forms the customary not Nay alone , with ; cloak inky I breath grief ; of shows woe man of play , Hamlet might and These a within and give But me but For suspiration fruitful denote windy haviour , bound , term some and to father survivor nature ; to . the 'Tis your duties suits a father , course for your lost mourning commendable , In To To what Of a unfortified must most should An Why For Take It shows any heart we heart to understanding , dead against We vulgar so first most , still today earth of died theme , vulgar heaven common to pray that vulgar throw us take throne let , ' absurd our a he , to as vulgar opposition , 'tis and vulgar sense who whose think and , woe . corse peevish vulgar , to school to I are father most toward back we immediate Do In It is And Than impart of , courtier going immediate which no for beseech of you that retrograde the chiefest immediate Our , most immediate Let pray immediate shall I all you immediate Be , in in a , not her us best you immediate , Hamlet Wittenberg . obey Madam Hamlet , our remain our prayers son eye and and . fair stay This smiling Re But jocund my and 'tis as No the - King's great speaking rouse cannon Why Sits solid earthly health to I And resolve too thunder away again ; come tell , O flesh Everlasting , weary ; fie stale How grows to That seed me Fie Possess That excellent But to dead king it so was unweeded this uses that much , this mother come nay a a to satyr — merely Oh the , slaughter the this Or that ! all , that His self Thaw - not might itself should not , O had not 'gainst and to in ! this garden loving Heaven would had a month ! him ! reason old and on hang , of and , thy of heaven within winds roughly Why increase on ere ? so . she — she tears — wants married month discourse my ; followed Why ; longer beast father's that month , mourn'd more like , body — even poor of wicked her most no shoes those the O mine , or . she she ! to , speed to . yet , dexterity flushing — on't A all Niobe O Ere left . most Hercules in hold sheets come must for married With , She lordship tongue . post well tears a Within eyes my nor , But heart salt not incestuous cannot I to is break Horatio such It And name , myself , forget lord ; my , same The change And glad am , you Sir your My — even , sir lord truant from my so Good what see , you good lord . I would very funeral no are father's depart . student . report wedding . fellow mother's bak'd . funeral follow'd , Horatio forth the The in know affair deep hard meats you you teach do came , see to , it , Did Would ever I met had . dearest my , tables in seen , lord ? me to my it I father — coldly methinks had I marriage I my my not Where My Or my In my He , I ; my shall look a was my take saw , him saw my I Upon Season your admiration him King your . This the , these me of ear attent an the the these . deliver you and Armed Been nights witness on watch , night like waste till had distill'd , walk'd , he had they ; with cap , them stately oppress'd truncheon's and did whilst , not had Two thus jelly fear had before In and and had and by . them point to and had Stand I Form Goes his the they , not These had they him with speak the the The Within with word of This , was of Where And apparition third knew more this the , comes made watch did . loud and none lord upon speak from it , up answer But lord And But Itself It My yet haste 'tis in it me duty ; this tonight . but , the MARCELLUS live To , it As I troubles true . you top toe my Both , do We my ? you , his wore . he look'd beaver . than from ? you . anger up or very , or Nay his upon pale or Pale I Most , or . been or long Stay'd amaz'd much , hundred ? a or ? very haste might constantly . have had or or I one Not beard It and BARNARDO , no ? tell life ; in . saw't . grizzled I sable seen . will 'twill Perchance person hell my silver'd his , it A , tonight it hitherto . I this silence no , an I it If Give the your . walk should pray warrant assume my peace , father's your tonight still sight hold speak Our Your I bid you be whatsoever me And My some loves doubt all sit earth as then to foul the honour . well eyes will you men's come . to mine foul still the give arms , would soul o'erwhelm them And And But sister necessaries convoy you from do winds . of that , Farewell sleep toy in and , violet not , A , nature trifling , of , primy Do not as you his and fashion a doubt are ? a . hear the let favour . not and The For the Forward it suppliance For does cautel And In wide inward nature Think it as the will . he loves and waxes , besmirch not birth ; persons , his mind this not more on is may and soil ; will subject as not of ; but ? so alone he Perhaps you to now His It head sanctity particular if his his is for his be do you withal believe says he far his voice but doth circumscrib'd body to whole choice of unvalu'd state songs further his list heart . fits he in wisdom Then yielding : Denmark may , of deed his credent goes , in what Or Fear Then with keep shot Ophelia And you too Than As your and loves no it rear the voice the weigh so May lose his , of Out saying which importunity ear loss honour your of desire dear , chaste prodigal is their and liquid disclos'd . fear buttons youth else in of of Youth The beauty lies enough your . the to her the my affection of , the best rebels this pastors way lesson , brother wary Contagious morn infants the be dew . my do libertine treads . own of and . my long O But not primrose too I not recks here steep some his , keep and fear . second double father comes ; puff'd thorny a And is the , dalliance Laertes sits stay'd unproportion'd thought , in ? wind thou no with , act steel vulgar . thy in no hoops thy friends Be character any unto , by his thoughts , leave . few for you Those Grapple but precepts . Aboard do not hast Give the The Of that quarrel And , There each a hatch'd them dull these familiar and of tried , tongue means their few purse proclaims best chief in , in of rank man ; voice comrade . entertainment but , thy express'd not Take Give Bear't may as habit each For a This the loses And For all : And And borrowing nor ; thy ear Costly of thy generous apparel a most dulls be itself Thou Most canst oft then it Neither not blessing as my false the fancy rich the of true . and the this . day man to , my own edge lender be the both select season night thine I you to you well tend lord my , in it your , What time 'Tis have The ; and my yourself I humbly please is't What keep memory So the ? well to — you very you yourself . late tell . oft and so must me the If in way been yourself my not my Give daughter on bounteous most as caution so time free put and touching : affection girl truth . circumstance you , many made . honour the lord my , between ? Unsifted , think I of understand do As Marry you I'll know these sterling have tenders me , as a to do lord late ? dearly poor a . you believe his . think almost given , honourable holy burns vows speech go love fool . making this presence rate , Hamlet Ophelia he Lord maiden a your command a Than your so Believe I As give so in to of that implorators and your lord , talk plain obey my ; charge I time : Hamlet leisure this for Lord all eager . cold air and ; lacks is . near the season . it held ; not spirit his It it ; hour my takes and doth Wherein ; What now ; I it I struck twelve . walk lord ? marry ? a observance custom west . here though born breach revel than , and takes , the east other is it tax'd and am I the of with of ; nature them drunkards though of mole , and too — the , stamp of star , say manners wherein pure as that defect , grace wherein . attribute wherein our men are wherein , vicious wherein some for their breaking I wherein plausive , wherein my the particular the — man Fortune's as , dram a ! lord of of grace defend evil of . corruption of substance noble Angels a airs from such to speak thy thee a , us answer , quietly why Dane bones the thee charitable from hearsed but , do moon marble his op'd glimpses thee again of we our What ? souls in glimpses What may this shake glimpses reaches beyond glimpses thus the , fools our should glimpses glimpses glimpses , Do will , not my speak what thing immortal a not set my forth dreadful you the his do Being tempt beetles Or Why And And draw And it It What Which That there deprive The Go That more hears many to of , puts into you ? Think , brain every into fathoms roar waves And looks Without You . the you as hardy off shall . me Unhand on with imagination I'll , lion's artery this gentlemen lets . come this to him of waxes say By I , I Let's will Go , obey thus fit not desperate what of . follow I will me , wilt I Whither me Mark come tormenting . Speak almost My , lead art So , What , thy thou hear bound , unfold thy nature in confin'd . lend , what to I - for Till Are up could tell To I to thou revenge father's term day a am to in whose that ? spirit my walk spheres lightest their . O list to blazon List , fretful ever didst this eternal and eyes knotted particular combined hair the upon each a the thy I and O of Like And If foul foul , that to me To ears flesh A thou serpent by Rankly know thy father's my ear of Denmark . thou did crown ! uncle sting wears process the Lethe ease Now sleeping , this , whole my life soul ! adulterate with , my of With O Now but ; abus'd wicked Hamlet , whose most seduce to of that wit That To Ay , O The I Will , court itself Though Upon custom always scent my , orchard never of link'd , pour effect courses it body , about it did and with droppings blood instant a vigour with Cut off I Most The That gates sudden , of , at once account . my ; my of , body wholesome like natural And curd eager . like lazar And a - was , tetter vile . hand , crust loathsome heaven , at lodge to in Fare matin thee her O , What else ? the the seat holds the Remember . up , O , to pale heaven stiffly poor this books from distracted the , saws , But , In wipe That all the youth thy the trivial the all there , records ? my brain villain ! by heaven ? woman Meet , smiling , it is pernicious book And Yea Ay That least may tables O the and it and smile I set Now remember lord you may . MARCELLUS , there is 'Adieu Within it him my my It , adieu are . ho Illo , by heaven . my Not you'll wonderful , O it . be be be ne'er But no needs But and arrant lord us right tell ; be , so I There hold it as , Why be a he's To my fit And without ghost be There's be Such , You your every man — For business they Yes I'm are and offence Saint sorry There's ; you wild as is it Look but These much is , Yes faith too honest your offence as you It And are O'ermaster't As an to may friends Give For desire is't My What , lord , not . swear't but , Nay my lord have we HORATIO will you make you Never known what my , you I In my faith Nor you sworn We Upon you lord . my , you have already , you sword my sword indeed . faith fellow ? cellarage , truepenny lord thou Art the in . Swear ? seen . Swear . Consent this to Come on you sayst , boy hear Hic et hands . Swear . you that hither of sword . my heard sword gentlemen . have . so more . we'll upon ? is i' you Come lay , night and day ! therefore are O of in , heaven and old your that fast wondrous th'earth remove . welcome , come , But myself meet shake — on disposition . mercy friends . they and would' hereafter — I , give earth hereafter stranger in put know' or , times such at As Or by hereafter an perchance I speak' know , pronouncing antic odd thus philosophy me your , hereafter or we Beneath 'If 'Well we to such grace So That hereafter of at Swear hereafter rest mercy me : most need gentlemen Hamlet hereafter spirit friending man t'express what commend as us . So me and poor my your , love to go , not out shall , on set all . Let your it cursed let's , a to I go joint in together lips is pray to was come The And ever Nay him , these lord . I And time is I , you shall this . to inquiry Reynaldo sir Reynaldo , and intend him ; means , well what ; lord you Paris where drift and what very me , at what know they That My , Than and first expense this And , 'twere your how Enquire who encompassment particular thus his this will my . Reynaldo do demands son Danskers and — 'I as very Ay Take do By some him' father mark you ' , he's distant are said company in What , well , heed , he but there of and take and , lord him it knowledge friends of my know on ; that put very ; fencing , Ay Quarrelling , or drabbing ; him forgeries Addicted may say 'not him far . that most in incontinency his , him liberty taints to you is open seem : on lord my lord ? the it not must not they , drinking — good do assault general Of of and mind lord Ay flash thing laying And , warrant of on that I would my But Wherefore , believe little fetch , is a you the of in 'friend or to phrase , working Marry And He then mass He closes I then he , him yesterday with gaming brothel falsehood and , my have lecture You , I have , my lord . inclination shall I let Well , now , with his I my what With Lord upon , and a look been , he comes loosed ? other purport , hell his foul'd unbrac'd ankle before thy for Mad , I do To Pale As if with his speak And My wrist wrist wrist And took At And Then thrice wrist As And end wrist wrist over He And to the with is Whose And seem'd This over violent the leads Come He over did being o' out For over over with his without without over went will of am heaven undertakings love the , command of , did and trifle did ! jealousy opinions King . might , the sort . love close move utter Guildenstern . you see and you long did , you I it call heard man should so hath thus it What . the th'exterior transformation nor death it father's nor did have Something use to to be put , you , both himself of that brought . of , young th'understanding I days entreat up youth his rest so from of much neighbour'd dream so on vouchsafe as you time him to from , pleasures unknown lies , to to us open'd he to two , hath , much adheres to occasion aught to your more sure show whom gentlemen to To he to the As For to supply visitation As Your a to Both shall fits , dread your sovereign the by Might And To lay here Thanks , Thanks , much And My Heavens Ay , presence And presence presence presence Pleasant presence and presence presence Th'ambassadors Assure still hast , Assure I I Assure my Both As Assure O Assure He Assure grace them sweet of but your shall sift other that and I hear . great ; shall to bring them he in queen , son's , Norway desires our found appear'd truly he , preparation nephew's His Upon Was Receives before Norway in and never fine out brief Majesty , further those against That so his falsely And So levied might dominions therein to Go Answer , our your safety down for well time this - took . home thank Why day Were Mad it for define Your else true is flourishes of and , night to brief will is day but noble go to , all duty be should majesty What , wit soul the is brevity since , But That Madam , is Or Mad rather Hath I To ill it given this duty . soul's vile but whilst the cause this , obedience have the of cause and , remainder , idol phrase have this effect ; a : Now and you phrase my shall Hamlet this thou Came will a doubt never But awhile the that Doubt I sun the stay stars from , Doubt ; these ill best thee to , Doubt I . daughter his , O obedience love , most hath whilst machine love lady at most I am , more And Thine . I dear , truth , time solicitings . of think mine my by man a given do dear by honourable tell wing what seen fain would When I I As , told the your so and . this or here - she hath As Before my had heart perceiv'd my I my look'd given Or What of love the think , might you might you queen desk prince , I And be not That Which this ' . upon , me , on Majesty the fruits from lock should think mistress messengers , then into , fast my of receive out I I , herself short , no precepts of , she , Thence Thence , to Fell And he a the , watch sadness , to ? you might young , must she no a into , there a Into , you And and thence — repulsed done a Hath been may all madness , a weakness now this by It think be , positively we Do I ' know . indeed find were it further I it , I'd , will hid . though me be lobby hours try indeed if , lead , centre the he walks this Take sometimes Within may four , the You a time does the Here he my arras her not , then carters it . him , the love a We will his If he the the in loose , state to the reason and the such Mark And me not encounter and I'll behind assistant be Be where sadly Away . board him my ? God does a beseech look How I'll But farm keep But , poor both Lord my fishmonger . away you me wretch Well know me , Not lord I Do , Then I well you Excellent . were my to of this Honest you are to man picked dog . my a , true goes in , good a kissing thousand is be honest my being lord , one . blessing a look to't lord maggots dead carrion very That's Have have you say not her that sun . said th' . my daughter a lord Friend What harping youth my to not the again Aside i' ? daughter I'll words him is , much fishmonger this gone , I Words What matter , in mean — my . do , read ? lord who satirical that which sir a purging most powerfully . grey wit amber of lack their am if thus thick I it like and read , old their ; hold it are hams weak potently sir , Aside believe tree sir I slave honesty , they wrinkled you ? set crab you lord men . my I method in't my have though plentiful eyes that here ; be as I should air , is All old , leave sometimes , air Into out Indeed o' the , contrive the out sanity I means so could , sir A honourable except madness meeting take my , daughter him reason — pregnant will leave my , part . more willingly . life of on . of that my ? grave my prosperously happiness hits How Aside I and is . fools old God Lord Fare he , Hamlet ; except sir ! there save seek To tedious These honoured dear , both ? ye , lord ! My most lord you are not do thou dost My indifferent lads How Happy excellent friends . As in live her , the her not soles happy Guildenstern my . lord the privates . of earth over the we . shoe ; favours button in middle world's her ? Neither Faith , the friends strumpet . grown she that good prison me news deserved Let more news doomsday . you , you my she Prison news that But lord parts Then particular news one in Then Denmark's have to news Fortune is news question , goodly makes ; 'tis to you being are confines one prison a the one world your so it ambition be space infinite , could bounded it have 'tis that for substance is prison . my one ; is so lord a the a the of a myself count and , very bad narrow for your or a dreams . bad king of itself A I hold , dreams makes then Which , not in and were are ambition ; shadow airy a . and monarchs For by , shadow and bodies and GUILDENSTERN you am . we Shall . Truly are but shadow's our with a ? upon most you of for , you and my But you but . you . Come Elsinore attended ; at , fay rest . halfpenny I thank dreadfully We'll I friendship of way like I not my what other , lord were You , come thanks ? in What own your justly to Come ; nay Queen have . sent have and occasion a sent lord craft ? looks good , by the of your our you which , say we me kind enough the consonancy what the ? it . anything confession . I your and modesties . my for not ; To teach by preserved To . ever then or direct with me by , eye off . If sent proposer obligation King me conjure whether you , what ? were say What so and late I you to of have for no even be , you . no so shall ; it heavily golden lost seems , brave forgone , custom that it hold with a you , you an lord earth canopy frame firmament in an apprehension , And animals majestical , reason . man , express and this this of indeed in not say , woman how promontory feather all me , why ; my my god , this of 'Man when your in so . in action neither what o'erhanging , seem , players My you then me ; what entertainment on man I you you be , was , a admirable no stuff beauty to of plays the sigh make use welcome offer you not We his — coming shall said delights not my there of , shall that if his and his in ; and Lenten , shall the lover , Majesty you man whose mind take such delight both , humorous players are or are freely better and they the tickle have tribute ; shall shall the the those chances think inhibition , were you profit by I in the those . city ? late the means the Are was city the ? followed . in reputation was wont to of ? did . rusty there the it they residence No of Do indeed estimation comes their they Do , hold they when and . are scarce them call maintains of common tyrannically children afraid children quality if . grow exclaim is not wearing top . in stages - longer should means against themselves than they eyases clapped them no and These . are so of their , aerie rapiers . they make to on own . How are . for't , they , no . both unless tarre there been controversy they 'em ? Who better Do possible There . question argument most them the the been succession ? money Hercules , too , lived is . of of , natural his father carry uncle away boys O very fifty ; has carry , carry than something while my my , carry my is out There you Gentlemen carry Ay him strange that this for carry , those forty little in at would not ducats carry should - more extent are more it to and ceremony . hands me aunt Elsinore the is are a garb outward what In the this , appurtenance hundred players like , the fairly welcome my to Let my . a - But uncle from the . my lest , welcome the handsaw lord wind mother , the the entertainment ? the , gentlemen the is but there second Guildenstern and come to is - and are That an for at with you baby you dear is . indeed Mark swaddling . morning them they players say I tell you of me tell to sir tell to right My . time , comes The lord , for : hither actor Rome , Roscius the When prophesy he twice I news are , tragedy Buzz to , too comical - be of law unlimited treasure O and pastoral world Seneca - historical - pastoral What judge nor pastoral his on actor each came writ of . what scene , hadst , on not 'One and passing th' had , which Jephthah Am fair you my What call I well my , that follows right Why God have , as row first , well I I love , wot you , O Nay came , friends . last , and It of the pious my . am ! in me old chanson , lot know , to more was where my God is friend all since young than heaven to nearer , Masters a give Pray What I like anything face you passionate Come French ladyship ? lord my within falconers thee well is my , uncurrent by By'r e'en Come speech for , heard see are last , you thee good . voice , were down , never of if million others to phrase set , the taste us , speech What in in not play cunning the author loved he speaks tale to , and live in , chiefly , modesty excellent make in as your see — nor But once received mine as that One in purpose his no in honest . the , so this in . by of matter I digested cried the top with the might in dread he . the scenes the . If , Pyrrhus night complexion Head remember one said there in fathers of where Pyrrhus this heraldry is a mothers horridly trick'd me see he he especially To With not with grandsire Old Black as in black daughters streets light lord their That and total . and coagulate tyrannous impasted more dismal to foot , a proceed spoken Anon short to Pyrrhus arm Greeks him accent good ; Ilium his rage , his Repugnant at with Th'unnerved finds to feel with hideous , wide where finds and wind , finds , as Which too finds Striking to father he falls finds sword finds , this base Pyrrhus' reverend The and some still the , region So on For . senseless proof a . Pyrrhus' , sword Mars's And neutral nothing against rack dreadful spokes the round bowl synod , and to fellies long too is armour Cyclops' ! away Break And He's to Out With less falls eterne , bleeding on strumpet the jig sleeps , Hecuba . good is barber's This low or . say Prithee . a and clout . About stood A queen' ? bisson and . pronounc'd — steep'd then had this Where she saw make would themselves Pyrrhus move mortal instant A Who Unless not at head that upon the diadem , up , loins o'erteemed all with with Would . has not , you you , no has — malicious husband's of eyes , all . soon of epitaph let them . sport that in colour the well players thee well , where he I'll death are have the turn'd the in's chronicles . ill , and his after own after , have used less After man deserve much better in in . honour Good . the — every the abstracts and brief your bad than their The Take while report use them need a for could ha't Dost him . bodikin , lines You my We'll , they or down lord tomorrow sixteen and . of of , some Murder The play night Follow , set look welcome thou hear me Ay , my Good lord . lord study which dozen good are you you , dream that b' his a Is whole visage of . do his to a peasant ye conceit he Hecuba his slave Now I suiting , function here player eyes and cue horrid the with wan'd her , peak Yet indeed What he or her ear and ears tears her with appal . all her her cause for not , No - a her A And have , passion her , speech her king be gall : face ? me cannot ? it does in across the me gives villain whose muddy - and amaze , Bloody fatted have With , of my Who off . vengeance I , a to Prompted Why That Must lack ! words with hell most ! father dear ! bitter ! slave's Remorseless treacherous - liver'd the , lecherous this I , And To offal an I should kindless play the to so guilty About A am of a by revenge the , ass my scullion , the very at the organ the soul heard drab have I and Foh ! brain my unpack like upon't whore sitting have struck by cunning I'll a scene , have no their a fall like my ! cursing Fie heart , blench speak , the If and shape my a to As Been , like the grounds . this devil And Out of pleasing devil , the of damn yea , and thing the play's such of I'll circumstance on puts than relative ? confusion will he by this his and so from aloof to by all turbulent him days to madness means , himself cause does Get you harshly But He But Nor gentleman , of do we no reply disposition , pastime much with these that his players certain Most Did Did a of way did there - fell . it in play seem the so but . him are the of told , most 'Tis And And , as I to night Niggard assay free about me beseech'd hear all it heart and much ; order already on Of we a him . matter your see me inclin'd see , Hamlet Gertrude see give by he Good see gentlemen him here for leave , so further edge to on see doth content , see , for or encounter , seeing judge . his We Her 'twere bestow And so Will sent frankly he obey part for If't thus your Of your bring to beauties , may and myself , his honours wish To And , will We shall wildness Hamlet's ourselves — prov'd That , I , action of . your again your virtues I way , speech 'tis word that my my is Than 'Tis To oft that The loneliness Ophelia walk you — an with helps , it this in blame to How And pious devil we The To Whether Is The smart a lash , beautied doth to deed not I him O heavy coming hear , arrows and 'tis . slings to Or or to be To them nobler The take arms sleep a we rub , end say suffer sleep 'tis — fortune , there's die to natural consummation . life scorns , proud , pause To , dreams mortal of , dispriz'd insolence The For The of shuffled death what this respect the , bear something under might of the would merit bear of dream so whips the have sleep oppressor's When we give makes patient When a With grunt returns that rather country , fly who That of The But makes dread sicklied And conscience does pith of we have pale hue of us you , himself , after from those we traveller How my thy . cowards resolution moment this Nymph in . now Soft and cast great the currents . my Good thank , Be The ; you I pray longed not gave I That ! action for remember'd well I have I , humbly I , My honour have I words things these made now re well receive you remembrances you mind lost Are honest lord ha wax , did well rich , fair you lord of you , lord ? your , honesty lordship , means fair lord my you . better power force beauty should with sometime proof truly ; bawd a translate transform than ? is his for This it it , be honest honesty from old you so so our . loved of commerce no ? paradox of but believe beauty the . not . inoculate virtue cannot I you could a was . to Indeed stock you that into what you deceived not thoughts You . made you I . accuse my knaves arrant are you be . them I believe it a shall you it me , or act to . crawling things , thou to , him my ? home . What . We Let help house all fellows but and to he . this you in imagination give shape lord , in . Go thy thou plague sweet doors needs of heavens thou marry and jig thee To you say one escape thy calumny shalt if what , it are . a all , marry make you monsters and , to Go face a nunnery , on't marriages will . what Th'expectancy , powers hath down , your God . You given Those a glass Th'observ'd live , and you make God's as quite of and Like have and all suck'd see . that ; The shall the rest Blasted with form out of . and jangled noble the , not I bells That O , rose the fair a see , wretched and deject , mould of form ! vows and blown what tend his sits . do some for form see , seen ecstasy Now seen what , I woe tune sweet and the With This with neglected What which have his from How love not ? neglected all show We You fashion something seas of our tribute : Of still beating think believe him with you she shall the him you said . and But be him ear great . so shall conference . where not round please ; not , lord it , so be alone after as ; the , fit Your I ; if pray my to . him your as , it ; tongue and as , pronounced do , the offends ; beget to , as many not players trippingly had , capable are rags temperance your a spoke of air acquire , dumb avoid you . Herod Herods whipped O passion in , you , but , noise the to hear periwig - of the it special . and the for all give robustious of the use gently very groundlings to It . who up whose of very or age Termagant o'erdoing pated ears inexplicable anything nature highly players but overdone ; allowance your mirror , be the made imitated nor theatre though own and you the to action purpose . one Christians abominably seen to so , her of others have Christian — whole ; her own image , and and , men humanity , grieve body of the neither they set though , O well heard it of . made , speak will shows that so strutted be have I it then be spectators of your with indifferently accent , the considered , pagan , man , thought some it than themselves too , the reform'd that . there be them . sir ambition . lord , now How laugh . no clowns some on set is For . the this that . the . GUILDENSTERN and , ho to too Will haste ? my We two and hasten . at e'en conversation e'er As Here , lord withal cop'd may not art think thy . Nay advancement lord your . thee crook And No Since , of Dost ; a ? the herself distinguish the knee hear , her thou suffers Hast seal'd my feed Whose ta'en in men . flatter'd I candied may blood they ? thou To To are and A hinges of the those man heart . the before too , ay . play it thee , Which As my please is core , slave please for - mingled finger that of my , is There Even please If of - please soul . damned that in comment much please . foot very the with prithee That . will this please wear that when One passion's and I please . face rivet are we have seen ; our his join ; of Well And In 'scape he , the his note . heedful his occulted guilt idle be must will whilst unkennel playing pay , censure we my him eyes imaginations as . both will Vulcan's I If I How , Enter play Queen King I fares the this I place a steal lord . I and is . feed dish eat I Ophelia the ? Polonius , I once cannot , answer ; A . They To I have mine That No did , I I Excellent you What this I Hamlet Polonius you enact promise - crammed th'university : you ; are ? lord mine there capital Capitol lord , th' ready ; here's metal , Hamlet dear , my mother . do lie O I in shall I Do think I That's a fair you thought is merry lord my , Who , I , and should ! my maker mother What looks twice , 'tis the two memory build horse - hobby Queen King and , kneels a head . off the seeming action is miching this shall We Will not any , or you shame Neptune's and times , sacred hands , done bands did sun love you are ere , of moon late . you so are is fear great , siz'd grow , is my great the leave is is , or in love grows there : memory oft , slave but , to validity be ourselves that when 'tis forget is we we mellow : strange lament . destroy or purpose propose passion , grief nor fortunes to fortune favourite fortune lack enemy , try a friend do are run , yet our of so contrary . overthrown where I fates to want needs on of tend friend doth hollow his second still lock thy thoughts thoughts That ours when their thy ends first from give food no wilt from nor lord is from day of and , in turn to and from To An Sport from opposite Each what here once To from My , methinks ? sleep fain tedious day Sleep thy come rock how you mischance too protests the jest do , poison ? argument ? you , Gonzago What Have , no The in murder shall see . they do jade You you I gall'd one a between your dallying . a my cost better and take Pox murderer my . fit drugs , doth , no , apt Come , Confederate , of and property infected , weeds , immediately midnight With Thou , usurp for's th'garden else blasted estate very in written Gonzago's choice Italian frighted fire gets . His . my fares false the What How with with Give with with with Why with this For ungalled ungalled , me one know dismantled share ungalled This Jove ungalled . ungalled , if Provincial feathers ungalled now have Of Horatio I'll , lord of well ? for , pound . recorders comedy For ! I talk the the , Ah did well . history — to . signify choler with purgation richer . more to more more more more choler his more to my from discourse wildly more lord more more Queen your , this me you ; if a make can you Then wonderful that , son desires We shall were My , obey so And Good my upon , you have succession Denmark in grows — as if you play my you I , I I do touch no : you mouth . you you ; my lowest excellent voice , you do , upon play cannot what stops from , you Call ? me you speak 'tis is mass Methinks the see It By and bent my to And this to churchyards When Contagion quake . as the night . out breathes firm nature now could thy not Nero and me on daggers them How speak soul somever , she in this be , her will tongue My Let bitter unnatural be soul To I And near of lunacies hourly not endure may as doth . is many fear religious provide bodies his Hazard The like To madness his him , commission to Out Most To That keep and With keep To the upon whose of peculiar armour depend and rest majesty draw doth , bound is weal It is mount more massy a ten thousand falls a but the safe mind much it groan , things lesser ; you and whose on it of itself That To near not boist'rous but put , this with ruin , annexment spokes summit huge to upon - free and us . going arras the process Behind lord My the as Since vantage warrant , more them partial that meet The call makes 'Tis hear To A , And like hath O And offence my , speech the primal brother's It stronger both pause rain snow the ? enough prayer the serves to , twofold in if double my Pray eldest rank man there what's to to And confront with , to hand cursed shall than in My But I to stand as ? what form , to , my the me Then we to To those Of forestalled . retain world , of up look I'll . prayer repent What ourselves the not wicked the seen teeth it death faults prize justice ? to struggling soul O more Help , cannot free , may shove itself ? compell'd lies rests not be ! that when Make strings with one What and true the oft Yet give knees of stubborn To Buys out shuffling is soft All well heart O . then . praying to that goes . heaven send bread as who broad his He I now am I , course And . our , in circumstance stands is my it would scann'd : villain , heaven My as be goes may salvation about bed , black reveng'd his more ; pleasure heels damn'd in't sickly . act and . mother , rage , whereto but rises , King fly The him Tell He I'll Within round . round warrant thy round hast my have father round you , round Mother , come , Come what's father round mother , the much offended idle wicked , the how now What's Go You would Queen the , go , and sit not What thou till I Thou help ! A now wilt may , Help . for Behind , a slain I , How ? am dead ? King the mother , is not , O kill A bloody a good . brother a , Ay Nay As took Thou Leave And let it have made be That find'st be your proof If me What have it If Such and rude against rude of off innocent such plucks love so rude damned is , noise I rude sick at rude rude act the rude A , and and the marriage Makes . and blister rhapsody of words and as , and upon what See and a form and and . me Ay brother . husband . did the your every hey You Could Where god and - kissing , seal his set assurance ? moor it this motion ecstacy reserv'd - feeling at ne'er so choice devil hoodman thrall'd not . blind without sight of sans , What smelling true matron's , soul ears Hamlet ; sty nasty no enter in . bed my tinct grained and to but of not sweat These words murderer A speak like to me , cutpurse king hover What wings , diadem precious more in and put from . A empire a And of son tardy your ! say your of mad your ! laps'd important . amazement but almost thy , forget her look to fighting . sits . works ? soul purpose . hold do is't mother lady with , you air incorporal eyes hairs your your how , the your the Alas do bend like bedded with cool patience Whereon end soldiers O thy son , vacancy you , peep ? distemper look pale preaching , and how Do conjoin'd ! as at with it , discourse ? to look he wildly , stones upon blood . convert to cause and His habit as for Nothing father coinage creation ecstasy your . you did No My Look music . is temperately It time doth ! Is This pulse as will flattering Lay have . for but Mother utter'd Bring , and mining my your place , soul , heaven , keep ; to madness the test , speaks madness which , to the , unction ulcerous grace not . in heart twain , virtue times pursy these must to beg him my cleft , other not it of it . uncle's half . bed good and sense have the hast the purer Good night Assume to habits a . But , if with angel tonight more stamp Refrain on of the abstinence that on on on And wondrous shall on is aptly That on For And I'll I , do repent me , bestow him their and scourge answer behind . bad , Let , him let for with pair , call his , mouse kisses , wise , fingers , top , let gib ? famous would secrecy not , am good all neck , in you That mad ? For No And ? hast And your concernings but ? in from a so ? creep . be said ? to Alack will must sweep . to knavery sport me as , and they Let work enginer ; concluded on it the 'tis most . the Who And Hoist Good life in a draw these in , mother end with Where while both the mightier as , good my the the rapier The Whips It had you liberty To Alas Should out his , cries brainish old man kills apprehension unseen heavy full us deed us to , out deed this But foul let is . ore , he kill'd feed ? deed ! aid . body the . friends do , and may , shot the hit , call And from them done pray speak wisest bring and , you up what both haste our we world's poison'd whisper I . dismay Hamlet ! O , here stowed body ? they GUILDENSTERN Lord Hamlet and on it And done have 'tis come Who not mine own chapel it believe , replication ? be king first it again , lord up ; sir them an when of , needs , in the not shall in sleeps lord . speech the is to foolish us the . ear body the . The with , and fox ! body loose ! the : goes to and him it not not 'tis To him are . appliance hath is get where is him from , know ? he us . my , bestow'd to Bring pleasure . before , Bring the dead guarded in lord convocation emperor diet for ourselves . we That's and . variable , hath fed go beggar a is Polonius If But indeed you go your . some Hamlet , bark The hast done thine as we especial , for . and England For For ? is England England England cherub a see England England England our Hamlet England England that . flesh ; sees My him foot , loving But . else cicatrice may hold'st tonight speed , Hamlet , father Thy , England my great yet thereof on mother Father and Follow That Our death like The For Howe'er By And haps present Pays of me the . my , hectic sovereign thou must joys Fortinbras aught would . kingdom his Tell him a the were my I of conveyance that from me greet in license that his express duty And , you I , of whose Go softly ? part some How Good sir are . on sir are purpos'd to nephew Norway , Or against The pay five We That To Who of with the name ground profit a gain it ducats ranker , Yes hath Truly go to yield in , I or it five Polack is souls debate thousand it , twenty much , That and Why the Will breaks God be I'll and How and with all spur and no more . before and and large reason it and , time a me of , and , and , whether us , some , and thinking quarter'd precisely , which ever yet and cause , parts oblivion godlike and craven Now . th'event scruple and after gave and capability That be wisdom dare great fortune not stake . to what death Rightly and invisible with mouths spirit . do't . Is Even To . all that to . mortal a in mother . straw then , see . a . cannot with . forth fight , cannot tomb cannot I not cannot cannot cannot hide cannot She Spurns carry enviously There's but at i' much straws , have she needs indeed , mood Her speaks of would What world th' The Each my It So To Majesty , your one be jealousy , soul toy seems artless fearing Where How is How ? and ? Ophelia ? Larded to love lady , go not . showers did ; lord ! Lord table be daughter your at end make . Ophelia departed maid Never Gis without , an Alack By oath Indeed la dupp'd And in the Let fie Young fie , they if for ! to't . me my hadst I promis'd before are to . yonder you fie to blame bed . come me fie wed , done . well I good night sweet fie ; close fie give Follow ; so be think they the is this her death . of must i' watch O father First they ladies th' for cold I , grief good , come ; remove just death to and we thoughts people most he the . have muddied violent and and in inter are from Last Her With Feeds In ear ear in Gertrude secret arraign , secret secret , secret , places many . secret ? yourself , secret overpeering guard ? death dear noise . noise noise noise door the noise noise , without stand Sirs . let's . you leave . me king vile , blood good that's proclaims brands me my ; bastard harlot my my my giant hedge to . a it me , my Laertes , my him like ? Gertrude Tell Do cause true the is , Laertes fear doth but his of treason such How and ! to profoundest the blackest pit with reveng'd to point juggled I Vows I'll not to give only comes throughly shall Let Most , will Who means for stay not And They If dear sweepstake Of Will good , his To And Like That It And Within dry heat , my Burn to How to By Till Dear to heaven O to to , thy now to scale turn our ! and . paid beam , and loves him the on precious some After is O Should fine it where instance 'tis old thing non nonny , is't mortal as It Fare wits thy a becomes and you is the call , bore nonny many , and false matter remember , love thoughts for pray remembrance that's more ; than nothing's pansies It is This there , A madness in rosemary There's . We may call of grace . I . to favour passion , sweet and my . end all and She And turns affliction not joy They would itself he give say you was will , snow as come he not come come is again again prettiness ? death is we , bed is was cast I you God Christian Do Or Laertes , I see 'twixt by or direct by life find They crown our to content jointly lend due patience . content your to us . me kingdom we , burial ostentation from his , your and ; labour it ; That heard , hatchment formal great the let is , nor nor in , bones this Let of death , sword rite So And they . Sailors do Let that have Lord part come in greeted sir you bless not from . Hamlet world . name your for too bless , sir be . you letter . these if were to have yet letters did fly have they . England fellows are will for . thee hold . thee ; bring much too . good their These dumb you brought them your may letters for you way these : I thee acquittance , ear my me in friend slain , feats nature things noble life me , well It So your mainly Which yet crimeful you proceeded and not appears so these in all against or not public star they , for by may But to Lives virtue My Would so A , challenger perfections her if where reverted graces so so to wind lost back go all , terms must with we shortly shall shook so flat your are revenge be the of on Whose For we lov'd I And From from , lord ? now ; this to brought ? Hamlet that by , they Leave shall them . your I my eyes on When . set . come back ? occasions naked your kingly such thing rest am ' . very sickness advise warms Can postscript is this it a live 'Thus ! 'alone ? him says he you in I I the am That If As should it o'errule rul'd you , my otherwise — to shall thine not he and I Ay so , and It how you If voyage it to checking exploit he for Under the own undertake ripe in will practice fall , him work he now to ; choose shall uncharge But To So the . so ; of a your , is part What that not they As Wherein and together Yet to And Had had I brave With the Come I've As That A Upon gem Lamord . brooch a such you made of . He the And And and well gave him know all The . all is same all all all He art match Hamlet all out coming of out , all Your are swore had them so to play this Laertes . motion , report beg , you sorrow a of , lord , to father painting ? dear ? heart your father it ; changes undertake : accidents spendthrift o' . excellence chamber your the , your ; home come sanctuarize on within But i' are you He from shuffling foils my anoint . father practice you , free that of , point , my him slightly , means touch and should fail , project performance this bad this that let have sipping dry , hot Therefore this of . through hold . see — cunnings a glassy stream , make long , them and coronet an hang the do pendant her weedy maids on cold That crow That Which Fell with could , name grosser a give men's brook own it herself Her like Or that her garments But be not , Till , is she then . rage , Ophelia poor , thou hast It say our is But this to give follow it , douts ; in ? defence own burial . three point the hath her straight her it Christian grave ? burial own and and , therefore finds lies — the man of , he guilty not his , life that . goodman stands delver Here is come been a she have own him death . burial . gentlewoman Adam's their , not quest had o' that ancient than folk Scripture another ? understand . had dost How thou to I'll put . a first . was Why ? Could — question art Go either maker , he not than or good to The wit ? in built well than tell , now Marry more The ; no . last last last Custom fellow O last contract youth Methought there feeling last To Has last ; of in it hath no grave hand made steps stealing with his the been never it in one would circumvent lord . sweet , might ! dost it , beg lord he when horse one's such this . my be could might This , e'en so mazard see't ? ' might This ! murder , offices - lord of Or such - a - which , a courtier , might and . think it , might not Worm's Here's my with a There's another does now to Why , time fines double of of battery his sconce his and of of great , his , his vouchers himself too the him tenures ? tricks be , land his , dirt ones Will of with his skull to and ? conveyances the ? tell not will fine his fines pate his Is Ay - skins I . that , grave's calf made , ha , sheep this of more in lie not too ? made in't meet for thou . of clay — indeed guest thine , I to not liest is ; away thou and in't 't the be You lie it such to . liest for the mine . not lie a 'Tis man for dost What no dig it from . me ? to you she's equivocation . dead the three toe the of — thou have , soul kibe by must , o'ercame I th' i' years these that . the card her or , rest , We so a came ! By near all tell ? Hamlet young , Cannot you that born was Ay because not be , with been ground ? strangely How years a long will he before hold that , eight will scarce year he is . hide his great . water a while a skull it in of you — last he another with And three Nay a skull Yorick's pour'd ? that , skull times it rises . your Here gibes merriment at be , oft Where to of infinite . Yorick Alas thousand the a gorge your one flashes My of back not know Not ? kiss'd borne , a . me on jest that mock , must Horatio Alexander , my o' smelt And so E'en Pah so ? my Horatio ! lord , return he . stopping may curiously But a beer ; dust that dead to barrel of earth converted might , in . the . awe King . This some they world to the Trains , c , away comes that courtiers the , Queen Mourners which kept . life soft ! but soft ! aside ! noble very What Fordo The And corse Couch a . ceremony enlarg'd was death . have obsequies great command o'ersways as For charitable her allowed strewments Her Till Yet , Shards we but should and she flints more should , and should pebbles maiden , is trumpet be the burial no the peace sage profane Must No To And A flowers not Till I hop'd Scattering I thy bride thou Whose ten have Depriv'd Fall Now Till blue the you quick dead made head ! rash , stand sorrow This . not well something splenative my thy ; quiet Hamlet am them . him fight Good will my O eyelids All ! be ! upon theme longer . this wag ! him forbear Laertes wilt son my what theme with with Could lov'd I Be I'll do't show ? fast ? do thou'lt woul't grave whine crocodile a of God love For woul't , come leaping of of Ossa Millions if What lov'd ever reason that patient as female work will sit drooping on , But . But — him But . have day But upon But ; But have of quiet a over son push some proceeding the see ; be see watch shortly Now me , fighting lay a . Methought bilboes the — well our how them most from scarf'd out my about ; me my in , my I where my ! my my supervise , the possible read it I did , to my sat I — as , Wilt wrote . the faithful the their wheaten like still her of more sudden these less ordinant . seal : go employment defeat points ! is stand and and And evil the be life's very no image forgot my his of I'll tow'ring comes welcome good 'tis be chough of were from you his spirit cold ; your 'tis very cold indifferent is is it is Majesty head bade Sir absolute in , me believe very , the , no , what you sail true him in do't , sir words him His empty Of not ignorant of in should a did you sir I confess , Well what dagger on him were well I know of and to that , weapon in sir , are assigns their , imponed very dear , the ? by , to as That's , delicate The would be phrase . The Barbary conceited Why is this , as you him ? and And . you matter till bet the Danish French , hangers might swords imponed in of the the , I time of day with in . his in vouchsafe twelve laid hath He . hits to come immediate trial will will effect I this not I the I - but , purpose me , He Yours himself , commend there head are lapwing the . drossy outward which ; in . by him will them if brings them are yeasty only , on of has them age it the know I that time do but them Laertes with commended their through and you them to , them . the to now him attend Majesty his play now hold pleasure am now will now desires In happy some instructs now King and to now She before you lose shall not practice . do I your , say mind obey a my dislike foolery it trouble you to be it whit anything my heart gain - as thou wouldst not will I . it 'tis now is't . it providence lord good ; not come yet what and a , if Hamlet , Not If . not now are come , leaves forestall in be of , have , How But presence has aught Since this what gentleman needs was away wrong from me ; distraction sore have , here Laertes , If't must , pardon you you Laertes . heard I house generous o'er , so ; of me in disclaiming Sir ? His madness is evil is then enemy reconcilement stir wrong'd . from this poor is madness have Let Free I revenge Till far my known of masters , in shot arrow terms no But love play . on it love . me the offer'd offer'd I keep my receive offer'd by voice ungor'd your will And have a offer'd Your will offer'd Give embrace ; off a , indeed offer'd night Stick , darkest mine . odds , Osric wager my know the seen do shall lord the o' I young hand sir . Cousin . Very them this , all . a length ? Let , This well you that upon lord , their exchange hit first my good , Hamlet's to the quit Hamlet Ay , see therefore odds , me well the than And The the , without trumpet shall . the to And The the Denmark's And 'Now trumpet the , Richer the . sir , Come Hamlet bear wary ' cannoneer worn that the in In Come eye . thine thy . hit . is . by cup say awhile . you set what confess . brows . late By is too . by me fortune pardon cup ; not drink you ; do I poison'd , and thy pray afeard . Say do . the for wounds Part Laertes come Nothing , lord ? bleed ? springe ? Queen see treachery own How Queen woodcock kill'd mine drink I am dear . Ho , drink to O poison'd lock'd them the my ! Hamlet . slain , Hamlet the there , out not medicine do The is half it door , life good art . thy King's to . lie I hand work ! here practice of ; thy in . instrument is In thee no Hath treacherous on again . Lo the King . The , envenom'd The me venom and Then friends treason . am . I , Treason me OSRIC yet , Nor Exchange It make thee Wretched ! thee of father's with on and He is forgiveness is free me me temper'd , and mutes , time but thine a death or — arrest his in Thou You Horatio it Is aright dead than a cause am act , to , me am I the Things If felicity Young As go cup Absent breath To cannot potent Now tell Which sight Where ? your death would princes cease sing it or This Had gave the , mouth bloody you that Not the unknowing view to order and these th' So bloody shall placed give , arriv'd He You since Where to . you . judgements accidental deaths on And carnal me , put And the , the to , kingdom . mischance , speak on cause perform'd voice be , will wild are errors , stage , lest . more more put of him Such but music Hamlet On plots a soldiers' , Speak field bid the soldiers as old a . bodies most Go the replace will a Foundation Creating off ! no rules you in the paying off in the distributing distribute in Use GUTENBERG General of Project PROJECT off . copyright these copyright off of peal off will editions trademark off royalties eBook works , copy without copying can set and and not United forth if Gutenberg eBook be . S derivative the terms trademark . license Gutenberg electronic for license such not . of Gutenberg by using redistribution United Redistribution commercial , copyright ANYTHING distribution . you Project www available of Gutenberg any Gutenberg protect of other or license especially , the phrase the this of the or free at Gutenberg Redistributing way all Project abide and cease must work a agreement fee terms using this If of indicate General you gutenberg and any you , all Gutenberg terms Project . by . you copyright By you , you have you of the terms of you all this agreement electronic paid you destroy If agreement this you whom you of Project . to electronic There can that complying do the in or be below works electronic C Foundation paragraph agree used entity Gutenberg with and C even on B . things without bound help , works The Project preserve free Gutenberg See paragraph Literary compilation . Nearly by United unprotected , of with freely work the this sharing course as long as do performing we , of Gutenberg when in keeping mission Of Project Project promoting , Project we law the not hope States , Project , copying removed Project United work the Project , to outside with keeping Gutenberg where the in are also Project of performing terms based in you are Foundation this no , govern this work the any appears references of any States . Project License appear States this : or any any Gutenberg work links Gutenberg , accessed anywhere and the , distributed with or online you , no anyone is performed is , This other , Project whenever access The following , any to . the Project Gutenberg Project or : displayed United the States , most or it use eBook - under re with almost and laws the no this away . Gutenberg Project www the by that appearing copied and work the . Project paragraphs of requirements both terms imposed must E the individual copyright through . works found at all E full holder or any containing remove Project , perform associated , copy other work any display of the or not this work terms . License . prominently . E electronic . You or or processing E . than . links posted you , must of nonproprietary a form up copies hypertext Vanilla marked . provide org a other or copy , copy Any version to other distribute compressed gutenberg , on , ASCII ASCII Vanilla the obtaining Do performing . Project , form a License as provided of that E applicable under Project royalties calculate to use already . unless access to a You . E . of the use to pay distributing of fee of owner should days be to clearly Archive Information Literary full a provide You in not agree require possessed access with money does writing all you payments Section License Gutenberg use of in and paragraph the this works or receipt or works . other within for distribute Project terms and discovered with distribution wish group to of works below Section forth Gutenberg Project the . are any other you this agreement fee must a Foundation . and copyright limited errors but medium on not Despite which in volunteers , law employees in , be may . S these a Archive described in paragraph OF your , copyright to damaged disk other expend or computer , transcribe Project efforts . Gutenberg contain Defects corrupt property as transcription , and , data cannot and work Literary Gutenberg liability Gutenberg costs any and NO agreement disclaim including Project Right all FOR party . you under electronic , for AGREE damages F defect a written explanation receive received in LIMITED RIGHT of OR OF electronic of . lieu or a the your the on refund defective . refund work to . may a the the work person money within any , receiving you physical provided work lieu choose the to or received elect may , is not allow limitation be any the disclaimer of shall the or agreement of violates warranties . by . limitation trademark INDEMNITY providing any of Project and , Gutenberg volunteers to agree remaining law applicable state any to of provision this shall disclaimer certain of types of agreement or void not . the the the any agent distribution occur to directly : alteration or , of indemnify maximum Foundation with distribution of the , in , Gutenberg cause , formats synonymous you work Gutenberg Information is in works Section including from the , b , that , you to old because they goals assistance all walks aged and new distribution Gutenberg . donations readable Project secure readable It of and with life volunteers variety computers Gutenberg's Project readable widest of the the readable a future provide of readable will . collection readable . Gutenberg . profit org , to was efforts and about for Project Foundation generations Project created Gutenberg the your about permanent more at Foundation status federal Project full org by . Plaza and contact Gutenberg Project mission widespread of Foundation's its that licensed Foundation readable status , to the support increasing of public Gutenberg to equipment . Information Literary about Archive and to and cannot survive Many accessible form domain - outdated not fees solicit do . received much donations in all uniform compliance where prohibition states takes United exempt to it laws a locations states . of staff small swamp we we state . of number pages Project the treatment www payments treatment U . statements United including States General Michael concept treatment anyone a shared treatment freely distributed Project with treatment Project treatment the treatment addresses , S . Hart online , checks check the of Information About of . eBooks are eBooks which keep Most people eBooks in volunteer visit : For library a start necessarily only protected . search copyright in of do by PG we particular compliance Project , eBooks . and Gutenberg , to about org Project . Literary the produce help hear