Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand come 'Tis bed Stand . Stand ? Stand hour Get thanks guard sick heart bitter , at night , night who ground bid make Marcellus them Horatio watch reliev'd . good you soldier hath Dane . Barnardo ! is Horatio good there you , of him . Give , good Welcome , have Horatio , sight I this Therefore not will And I has 'tis the again our us , take hold us , eyes to nights fortified Sit tush apparition . appear it , ears . your story assail awhile against again two we so once down And That Had yond course bell beating Marcellus that part it it When burns off then , again . dead . the myself . that's where King to the like thee buried of By ? it with and art of form on't ! is . King ! the God ! Without my , 'Tis will and look ! on Polacks once he he Before might . believe not and some particular what bodes Such frown'd sledded jump gone my opinion , whose daily such why Does gross thought eruption to me . appear'd now by , least the be toward joint might not such Why So nightly toils for cast implements , of task the of his with so whisper I ; moiety had , sir Now he Was Had slay to the ; known by those state which appear of gaged by our of Fortinbras the same land in the but haste be For food in't ; strong , the and I portentous like mind's of Julius ere A That source father lost . of e'en the these sheeted moist the and whose I it through sort so of eye , dead , Lo , Was Did graves and trains with squeak fierce with dews star , fate foreknowing privy art there hast If thou our heaven and earth together countrymen . comes , in , Speak any , and may avoid , death . my , oft of ! uphoarded hast happily , gone 'Tis 'Tis at it will not partisan ? cock it speak started , summons trumpet sounding morn throat the have - shrill in , and fire and erring , herein hies earth his stir all spirit made And cock long the , hill , advice tonight my eastward by mantle seen , life to him with him , shall to ; impart our us Unto Do Laertes Lords be our of hearts contracted grief in and our , Hamlet and , one , fought of brow of ourselves on now , joy , state eye dropping dirge in , barr'd have which For we delight with all know young of nor , scale equal in you dear and out brother's worth our , Fortinbras , with with with with with have with bonds of law . writ him , hears : here meeting with suppress scarcely Fortinbras time with of , here are to , personal we levies . allow to good , and and to more articles and his , VOLTEMAND will , doubt all What What cannot we show duty Laertes , farewell ? Dane with these , commend . it dilated what's wouldst offer of Than The your of my thou wouldst what's . thy to the , Laertes ? what's Laertes the to nothing not what's of suit what's asking have Dread whence Your is what's favour From throne , to , what's coronation I lord father done duty , thou to what's is't . to native , what's to though my I now To and What again leave Polonius duty came to ; France ? your wishes confess thy , your is laboursome Upon And bow your will I leave What slow . give seal'd time ; Laertes show willingly that from you fair By do , spend , my less , cousin graces him hard to be kin than petition my consent says , A little Aside my much , that and at best too with eye Hamlet for thine my clouds i' , and thy — the son . sun in nature Passing Do , a thy , Seek look lives dust . lids . on on you the hang Denmark must is particular seems through it , common , not thee mother ! it ; of windy , forc'd with , the solemn river of moods , dejected Nor alone , seems know , seem the play indeed visage breath of inky suits Nay so be good black . the I they forms which the your in but are haviour shows , show might fruitful These man that denote the to and obligation , must But . filial lost and suits passeth grief . persevere to , to course common most know understanding will stubbornness most a incorrect and unfortified . 'Tis Hamlet bound , to , is a as sense opposition , sorrow obsequious know , your father lost a the , his lost In In obstinate , the Why impious heart Take A a shows what any heart the dead , he , the And You father and fathers the death To and As Is and From of Than are This against we in our a who and the let immediate father school you beseech and , and of and retrograde and For your son remain and love note : bend and to our his of to . Hamlet . madam . Wittenberg to prayers go obey you reply , accord Denmark and Hamlet of , comfort not desire you our fair . come whereof today drinks grace , too again away , God ! Madam ! world God not had flat of the all Oh canon on't Or that , grows That Possess His How to it — That ! and ! gross should ; it things ; king ; beteem loving to and my , earth would Heaven winds was not increase ? so . she roughly had within hang , of Frailty on a he her face seed weary Visit to So to merely But months excellent . satyr ; or — tears all she , followed appetite if remember That Must it think ! father's Than Ere My Had have mourn'd the salt longer . of flushing to brother fed , A beast ere a eyes incestuous her more married . wants to good to come speed , must cannot for , it . the left She I glad , same , I to myself lordship hold sheets ! tongue . galled most married , my , And The forget servant good my Sir , Horatio : you ? Wittenberg friend your am what disposition hear in see to glad , you . good make from so ; funeral - father's . student deep it , Where I coldly , my my ? a goodly . Horatio king eye all saw ? father He , My With Saw King King God's Marcellus Two Season admiration had , middle the , hear deliver watch gentlemen their , me you these gentlemen thrice solemn - they surprised fear This of your me . him act ; fear them with eyes , time watch march , he walk'd and father . the distill'd in , to , not , not I night did made both did yet did speak you , none head like the then even My The apparition comes are was where methought address loud . our shrunk it speak to it ; once away morning it lord the , as the lifted answer true duty you my in haste 'tis . this but , But 'Tis up it sight strange very to . you Hold down troubles ? lord and honour'd As lord tonight it , foot lord We you , Then . lord he , My say toe saw face to head his top ? anger frowningly his ? you countenance look'd , Nay O more yes my lord , his fix'd , he than pale amaz'd . would eyes had I It And like constantly haste , might upon I been it longer . no , saw't I beard sable have Not and MARCELLUS with moderate Longer when grizzled was seen it ; noble again silver'd A I in itself hell . silence , twelve , eleven it Give will Upon Let an visit . fare tongue . should , ye hap your conceal'd peace hitherto tenable have hold me If And And platform . you not night to rise ; duty father's some then you . I'll play embark'd give are , is convoy sister necessaries o'erwhelm : mine foul assistant as benefit Farewell not . favour a and Forward , violet me And But hear do winds . you trifling the permanent suppliance so ; of fashion in it A The ? from sweet alone more . not as ; now more no crescent Think Hold more more lasting ; more more his ; more sanctity for himself health subject will Perhaps of nature more more And virtue service but does his , not and his and so and place loves state circumscrib'd that weigh head voice he to which of loss too Then fits your therefore Carve greatness himself is For he must saying your unmaster'd , Or the deed Denmark keep credent his you . main Than Unto the yielding of body you sustain may honour particular . your his his As ; list importunity goes withal affection your of fear , open ; near else lies be of spring . youth strokes moon disclos'd the brother my imminent . do good this of to Be The canker before way good lesson heaven fear , none , father . dalliance libertine . Himself primrose path not double A I the like not I wary rebels heart some not long Occasion too Yet O me a a smiles , shoulder Aboard blessing for sail And are The the . few , There , fear . shame your second double blessing grace . tried steel with and by . vulgar . familiar thou Be Look you unproportion'd thou here any precepts hoops with but thy hast Give thoughts means but the Costly new not thy ; fancy oft in For not each thine censure habit thy Bear't Give Grapple friends , their adoption ; voice thy , may , palm gaudy ; station edge a best , the the as , Neither a dulls to canst Thou Are But every man , of select they And man's as ; rich , true be self of man that . leave my blessing then night man invites Farewell it above borrowing go humbly my Most of oft the both be friend thee season well remember your in it , said , Farewell memory of And Ophelia is't Farewell , have key . to the bethought very time private , something ; most audience Hamlet of and touching hath ? so on late What be your he so understand my , hath Given What in that And please , oft , and , free . tenders speak of the honour . girl . you perilous his so of ? lord As way as your . what as a green , baby tenders do Do Affection Pooh in tenders yourself should wind Tender these ; such , many You affection to poor with me importun'd . you lord I yourself , That Unsifted know I'll not Running , you of more go , speech fashion the phrase my With hath , to fashion , lord , Which dearly extinct more the the his vows I , heat , Ay countenance all hath holy go the , Hamlet For your fire it - young in much so a , promise to And Giving Be may not must Set Than to catch blazes . that larger vows , is Lord for are , he time not The of ; which sanctified plain so Have would But You something your command entreatments at a maiden presence Ophelia bawds pious and . parley , suits unholy of you . better Do Than with tether may : Hamlet your come , In few , Lord leisure is I I or talk , Breathing like to't to to beguile slander moment all . lord the this cold twelve is a nipping and of obey , my bites shall very draws to it . it an shrewdly ; it walk lord my , struck and I not wassail as And , think lacks the rouse his swaggering draughts of triumph the it mean The and drains - kettle The Keeps ? then near . out pledge trumpet wont custom , is't his of Rhenish born though marry my And , drum Is mind the , the it am ; height indeed and revel observance at - to And headed More custom native a nations swinish tax'd the Ay is guilty them men it : pales cannot oft pith achievements , and nature are o'ergrowth clepe Makes in traduc'd addition vicious birth their in From honour'd west takes , of stamp , of choose of our perform'd , origin , corruption undergo as these men , evil . in As else Nature's say or Fortune's pure a substance noble the , by breaking As Since , By Shall His virtues all , that defect grace the livery one doubt comes , charitable wicked from such com'st spirit intents will I That own lord From ! or Hamlet shape in the why ; in in of of grace call but thee not royal Dane I'll questionable me O or blasts us tell ; goblin health ! a ignorance thy airs heaven or , the marble , we souls disposition fools glimpses the saw burst . may in we shake we Wherein Why cast thou With Say Have thee thus corse ! of go to , What alone It thoughts the Wherefore with It Revisit'st to Making , of , nature . with with more it you some you to But why is this ? What it courteous go follow ? go go go it a go what by should , go removed ground . lord then go cliff the flood to , sea the go waves my not what immortal . other o'er the tempt Being go will I . the , fear fee , my ? madness your of to many motive puts do there And And can it , of toys toward as itself follow . the brain , waves it roar beneath sea . lord still my Hold And deprive into And Which ? Think . this petty fate you go lion's rul'd me off It I'll . that . the him I'll , Still My each as make away , heaven , nerve gentlemen Go of me . By say ; after — desperate fit state . will ! a thus direct issue let's He this the . imagination come follow I'll Speak rotten I wilt ? Heaven , myself almost sulph'rous render lead me is , hour . to lend Alas me will I Mark and ghost I , up ! Speak thou So art I tell could harrow I thy Would Make of quills But Thy flesh To And If ears thy thy thy Murder most his didst . thy thy and blood love — thy thy murder thy , stir And the Murder the as , the know but the the , with wings the my serpent That the than Lethe Hamlet orchard Denmark the Wouldst thou sleeping whole my noble the my seduce witchcraft Ay Rankly abus'd ; thou father's life virtue But a Upon I Mine uncle adulterate queen , of his wit , with traitorous My Brief To The will Hamlet , what a of the be ; But gifts were with So lust in a . a soft let me be . Sleeping the uncle a did man , of sleeping The of porches my ears my Unhous'led , was The natural gates and alleys of the But And most but instant and but that thorns thy but of crown , but queen at once but but No reckoning but imperfections on not but fie , O of And prick luxury and damned incest . Against thy her at , books O The 'gins to . seat you host heaven Hold old and , tables Ay bear But , while thee memory , I'll wipe away all trivial , all pressures past , is uncle one baser matter woman ! My . smile , and be Denmark , So Lord , adieu , Lord ho Lord , Lord , How ho Lord secure Lord Lord So be Lord , boy ! Come , is't , HORATIO But wonderful it villain reveal this us Not I , my would heart of man once for and man it so from , You These sorry are What and ? And to desire as you Never My Nay , but , faith , I lord In lord the under my sworn , thou , Cries , on , boy upon We swear oath ? that the , sword Beneath to my Swear of Swear Then by Consent sayst hear this Propose speak my have . et lay ubique speak . worthy old said O day , pioner more or I heaven stranger give philosophy so bear myself . it , come , th'earth so fast . wondrous is earth But this in And are are , Here therefore strange As To put perchance odd never you mercy meet , Horatio , help , encumber'd grace know speak' ambiguous such , of or doubtful be , me some your ; and , to if we , you note would' , together , is pray . to spite I friending and O to born out is Nay , The And willing do , your I May rest I love what so perturbed his time Rest all God That shall wisely my notes , behaviour . Give this will , visit to . intend Look are said make inquiry Reynaldo . lord , do Before you My , how and who son know 'I as lord ; first what And well Enquire , thus they , your 'twere particular lord . and , very ; that , put so , please take heed , ' , you some demands well — him' Ay in Take As if't him very do , 'And But Addicted As be such ' he's wild say may on and known slips charge . noted companions are , wanton As youth To drinking may season him it put to breathe the seem savageness general assault ; so mind of my lord this blood , quaintly good fiery his ; a may Ay I laying , it As And You Mark these 'twere party in little him fetch a believe thing a slight breathe my I do should sullies , i' of warrant , sound would son on working th' my drift soil'd ever you closes ' 'Good He or to the ; with youth man According converse , or — By was I He And sir so , Of then does , Or At 'friend so 'closes At What to , saw thus a Your And There him , and wisdom with find former have me you . bias , not have advice I You my b' wi' My my directions and out well have lecture of we . by my you I Observe Good God ply ply ply Alas ply ply ply ply ply My lord I in , How , matter so the ? of With upon his not I it do fear . brow his with And He And end And He And What I good my , That does oft leads Whose with This violent property as afflict you have As , No It meant had And lack known . is seems it is ourselves for go beshrew Come , to grief hide The Our . Rosencrantz Something use to see provoke heard it , call I inward , him hath man put be thus it should that you , himself brought by your in up you entreat with him court , thus glean to , such us gentry profit receive of shall expend show by the fits a Both pleasures power dread sovereign majesties you , ourselves our lay give up To We both in your feet , obey , your service here Rosencrantz I bring My too And these presence . amen , Ay Th'ambassadors Are lord duty God — trail , of long great hear . have found . mine that to , the to brain soul , of the us'd very of Both And I Hunts hath fruit . friends we , Welcome , head Thyself do to sweet of our son's in found , he 'gainst , But To His Upon Most and our from more overcome , of before Norway in That To Gives give old thousand arms and in soldiers , appear'd him and sends , joy Majesty . shown the against against Highness into , whereat out impotence , obeys never ; from commission him Makes falsely borne crowns , levied ; an might your such On Norway herein Polack , welcome night upon and , That it As of give quiet labour . took rest Go Why at thank your together for at think well home wit mad else true ? madness let to . Your and is is Therefore should is day is What This liege is well ended expostulate of , is is art farewell But is is but is't call is tediousness brief is , is , true cause of . the true — duty Who I For rather we Mad true Madam he true is 'tis true swear , I 'tis for . no true true A foolish figure 'tis true true true hear shall Now Hath Now an phrase awhile I her Now Now fire stars Doubt Now the To given me a Now this ; the phrase idol , Now most beautified vile a Now Adieu machine most numbers a liar . this , Ophelia madam from , reckon love ear out by given she hath dear , But at thee most I , is ; think you the . of When As As And they fell , dumb , or here - book , a dear I I I Or given look'd think desk on But so faithful and love what that I , think honourable fain I my had I prove hot must , took the receive I of precepts , her . work you I winking this mistress , from I did with love and , I the Majesty I your a then fruits she , done he Fell Into And into be my And 'Lord This Which Thence That Hamlet no should herself short then , messengers tale a weakness ? Not When positively there It I I Take , If Hath you Do , I'd very that it walks four hours sometimes How that if me though find arras he I'll . lobby . further the Within . will be not a Be And does I So , reading poor , love then thereon . not state a . me You him wretch me , were Honest - my a lord . be my That's sir well Excellent you a lord so . man look . a have walk to as of honest very a on fishmonger . sun ? he ; by daughter true the Have a , lord daughter dog , being a as blessing to't . Yet far love , to this gone me her say not How I youth my , suffered harping grey powerfully purging though that matter For weak potently I . the faces All hold yet , should it tree gum you believe , as of you wrinkled a thus it am . wrinkled there air my wrinkled , be you Will . wrinkled Aside plum - wrinkled Slanders , their wrinkled wrinkled , which ; I , wrinkled him . which sometimes his wrinkled . leave and part I take humbly most be between except anything life . life me well take you except will old my Fare You cannot so not could the , of him is ! My Polonius These , except . Guildenstern , Good most to Lord lord sir he ye . of , my , waist about live Fortune's As . are friends My Rosencrantz indifferent we her the the are the not happy ; a . more news not to prison friends the world's she her favours . world particular . None the , my the , true grown me honest at question hands dungeons th' ? lord that Fortune a my prison many or bad your king . myself dreams are merely , to . it makes bounded were Which , infinite you 'tis then Why thinking ambition , be your dreams ambitious indeed of a and shadow . For . shadow's my court reason Shall Truly ambition the ; of and light a that , attended I man upon what am But for fay is servants Elsinore . occasion dreadfully ? thank . you , and outstretch'd heroes I not And Were . a ; lord were my for there is , you . you at no , sent . poor are , nay come say my sent have ; free halfpenny a Is we inclining own with it your , Queen lord and your have and . should sent the rights of , me . What an , love be by To what end and for . say ? feather my all lost Queen and so lord ; the to and ; exercises late and I Nay To Guildenstern of . sent were you of custom that of how action of smiling and in dust the quintessence world like in but wherefore indeed , it to , this , service you in said stuff I , then there though paragon , apprehension , Man delights you man his and shall tribute lover ; halt — delight such the shall me He of think , the are shall they coming verse tragedians the in ? followed did they by comes inhibition Do Even wont take in late ? fashion now are — eyases in endeavour the stages for't so ? How they longer Who grow if the they their . most they . like afterwards are common tyrannically . that ; but there . the the they ? succession . money . possible , bid sin there quality no means than to common do in Denmark of father for , Do there question . poet carry and player carry . those 'Sblood could carry out carry it is carry , carry the boys and carry little philosophy in carry must are mother - father more to - are appurtenance this Gentlemen fairly welcome mad but , you baby Happily he's prophesy I , Upon my , honour in , best pastoral law comical , comical cannot - th' , What , Still loved , my lord i' Aside 'One he on follows you . I came call Am I not . as lot that well look comes will my glad friend all my pious , old to By'r ! and The What Why , most be , Com'st of As by , wot thee well I like you of Come like my know , taste your , and , in is , you thee welcome , me all of . friends masters welcome the us a anything if million as , speech straight to't Denmark face is valanc'd since the , mine top — mistress lady a cracked I scenes said well whose , heard see by the altitude not in no nor savoury . welcome gold e'en a were called matter cunning . Come my the set no an Aeneas' very he . chiefly the play judgements once general in the to not the . matters cried , sallets with as to make , light damned parching , the a murders That With dismal It dismal rugged purpose couched not so he whose dismal sable , smear'd dismal , gore accent dismal he , lord dismal dismal blood and impasted a tyrannous dismal streets fire feel to Seeming Th'unnerved But spoken , good , often as And with the father , and with with his , pause Pyrrhus' - work a after anon hammers proof . Priam ! bleeding sword eterne Pyrrhus' her her hill of All the fiends . long come a Say or , on tale ; good ! and . down 'Mobled up A queen' is good . all and the her state seen Fortune's 'Gainst But mincing things made And not you he , his no the rest , gods eyes . out bestowed this you soon tears . of hear — epitaph . to man your . and Take bounty . is them ? deserve much , better Use , man whipping should After bodikin 'scape less hear old , would I sixteen Ay Come me , friends Dost thou ha't lines , You could or lord a down lord , my you Follow ye . peasant wi' slave my and b' rogue a , Ay A forms Could Tears broken O Is what , so in monstrous fiction his force in That he his For him , to , suiting for all would , cause throat ? i' me lie lack this or ere be ? a dear coward across ? with , play a have heard , words drab heart very . presently that have have murder observe spirit melancholy have , seen power have looks have malefactions If . the me damn have is Abuses of my have pleasing weakness with yea have The the . have hath but blench father have he devil , spirits and play's of have the , King . the catch you by why he harshly turbulent confess he cause he find him a bring would his Of he like Most much forcing question , free of with Most assay Did so the . a about Majesties my . me content delights further a to his , Sweet we That For have Gertrude as We Her so Will gather of their be thus I That And smart a lash . of . you here . are action The Aside O doth my ugly coming him O Than The I not How harlot's Is is or my , Let's outrageous mind that , to not painted give the heavy . And be nobler , to thousand to To against opposing The them 'tis end and and ? arms take - ache a in , withdraw be arrows : die , to say natural to of a sleep shocks , we coil respect rub consummation , come ay there's the , contumely law's of who For For sleep That to be wish'd — There's long and proud the and , Who might under a , traveller The To But With When bare grunt And undiscover'd the dread after bear bourn death , have know ills all us resolution thought ? of I have I My That thank I Good sins Nymph lord you well honour your lord my does you , long humbly My Take these again them honour'd lord , ha There wax gifts the with And ? you my ! As if be fair beauty Could than of I sometime did commerce should ? means and lord for the a force better beauty than breeder accuse . of relish I yet wouldst had not to offences at borne give fellows as , Where's . your believe , all knaves arrant father of . house upon nunnery , to . my put to ? We in are shut him lord Farewell he you help him sweet thou for . calumny , marry . dowry . Be of needs you , sword , down ! wretched vows most , mind rose jangled out mind his quite form mind and deject quite , mind the the noble , a what mind soldier's mind courtier's mind mind And Th'observ'd That see I , of ladies reason harsh youth , I what little soul disclose , prevent , speed different countries neglected expel his puts you , heart , you grief his of . But What think on't thus beating do yet . love us commencement . tell hold it mother , please If so be her conference wisdom send best It great Madness if speech the tongue But town you spoke , but thus my crier pray mouth you , it must ones as as I pronounced it you , players trippingly the a o'erdoing avoid inexplicable the tear to , who to me and . Termagant dumb groundlings , this anything at the nature have speak that gait I them sir . made that them clowns to ready most . work the . a of you . of . presently . them . What players withal lord e'en art thou Will We two help hasten flatter my , your of hinges Horatio As my not think I thy the her her thou knee , suffers election been ? do no To tonight too . thou hast rewards and that , thanks that in A As we censure he steal the , whilst lord our , will rivet both aught Well detecting 'scape to the place Enter , Rosencrantz . i' promise Excellent I now , No have ; nothing To answer this . th'university my , Julius part enact . What Caesar him my lord of to kill was me kill'd th' . the there calf . you upon lord ? matters lie lord nothing thought country meant lap ? my you lord . lord but a father within's two merry be is , Nothing merry I . my . died my my I'll for a yet my ? suit my my do my lord my my have half life and , black , his ; is O he shall or forgotten a Then not then churches build must hobby a , seeing him head his kisses . The dead loth and is body love , King's away , passionate Poisoner takes He a . embracing Queen unto him protestation of , King him leaves some four poison pours finds seems the or accepts three my lord this ; the argument it imports of , mallecho players the all tell cannot : what us . Be . him show tell not this it naught our : are what you to your and your clemency tragedy hearing stooping patiently for posy or , my brief lord love . woman's Phoebus' hath and cart Tellus' orbed wash with thirties hearts dozen me , journeys and lord love , ground borrow'd sheen twelve most and times again cheer my , fear so are bands sun and count you o'er . aught neither is is love great doubts is . state must former sick love your are you distrust is you Faith My thou Honour'd in great fears love And love second husband but the haply fair leave love , siz'd , great my little needs be their leave powers live When time second husband I kill my but second wormwood kill'd rest treason For O Such what we second fall , fruit , but , slave oft me marriage . Wormwood Are To ending ourselves to passion ourselves that to they sticks to kisses joy joy with themselves the mellow , the you Which Grief , most , on our fortunes to grief , aye grieves of revels either we propose or doth purpose most destroy lose nor grief 'tis not change , flies ; of . run . is heaven and night hope , scope joy of it strife be once and I cheer repose and to desperation in have pursue well the my face be . us , between mischance The If , Ophelia To My , The argument do they Madam heard never And how poison no offence th' i' there methinks keep world : Baptista o' that to of work King . touches it souls , nephew ; knavish . This ; are the withers name : what piece ; a jade gall'd , interpret you keen between you your love , take lord to worse are my , better . husbands Still and keen damnable . thy , edge ; thrice infected time immediately wholesome natural magic of fit and , and for's estate On and i' , written the gets . Gonzago's You . shall . His life King rises of Italian rank . property midnight blasted wife . lights strucken ungalled play some deer . go must sleep Provincial cry of two forest in share a whole , shoes For and runs with , So some must sir , dost This thou A Of realm , and — pajock . perdie , the not it him the , Come very of note like some not music comedy recorders . you . this signify . distempered , spirit of affliction , in I , am doctor Your , for should to put itself more to more wildly from into choler far into , Good tame most to you this make lord The , please if to ; Sir and . command wit's matter or diseased . lord . rather I business my be right I breed , into . her sequel there admiration ! no you mother's ere mother with ten our ? behaviour stonish in this you the can your this but hath mother heels at this to this She , desires this , We obey this And so do lord this this Good door that be , when this have distemper once trade you My , Let one see grows Denmark advancement of , your still what lord your , upon recover , too be To if the ? I you the . proverb with a toil do unmannerly too drive is me is this ? you withdraw as . wind the O lord do understand that . Will , I cannot and most the not the would of top little am though . would Queen me pipe a than you ; cannot yet be compass , my ; look me you to can played on My Do like . indeed of like a camel the like like like me fool — by and like like my to like bent and by the yawn is easily very now churchyards , such . bitter on . thy cruel enter business now this nature ; firm not , her in somever my be soul shent hypocrites , this she , endure not with dispatch prepare you hourly with you shall grow us along it Therefore shall shall . shall lunacies ourselves shall and religious provide shall us as his of near shall live and keep holy shall those feed and peculiar the upon whose many 'noyance The but with it summit spokes of which fetters will ; to this this GUILDENSTERN us mother's convey myself warrant and more it a , to bed closet tax , than should audience partial you what I my it dear defeats be primal can my as rank eldest Pray guilt a like stronger brother's Thanks pause inclination man in . both My A And Though I thicker And there Were , stand Is To wash neglect not white in what's to confront , since ; be those visage Then O I did and queen , possess'd , ambition seen be effects cannot past pardon'd Can fault To Or That the pardon'd th'offence my foul form look I'll am the world itself above lies , What . ourselves action ; compell'd it prize there , evidence bosom when , it wretched Yet one O that ! teeth nature 'tis no may gilded oft out There In Even give his Buys Offence's the shove by as the and , with . babe steel , free be to angels of new . he : of strings heart born assay ? Make - is be ; praying pat , struggling well now he would and same salary and , scann'd Now And all his in him took villain I And , O our with he is But And To , asleep th'incestuous drunk and audit , sole kills do't I'll A , That do , his , take Or , his , fit him and , When 'Tis sword ; of trip , gaming know pleasure , When At him , no may it , hell This physic whereto his , That swearing but goes And season'd or in horrid ? act . bed his is ; relish soul King thoughts as As heels . prolongs my thy sickly stays kick damn'd The and black home screen'd to never that Much heat and him . me round Grace your Mother , me you Look mother He Tell And I'll lay . straight you you I hear mother thy hast Withdraw . Within , my what's thou , have him the . you , a wicked an matter tongue idle tongue with ? Hamlet now matter with father answer you Come Mother No it are , the What's , Have I'll And the set go you not , rood your would , Nay then , Where You and so were come Come You Queen Help the , wilt do What What Behind How thou wilt , help ? ho , me you of inmost , you shall glass . not can . Draws ? a help help ! thou Is I King hast am not O bloody and as As what kill Nay . and marry bloody Ay Take intruding word king kill , I find'st for to thee Polonius And wringing Thou wretched Thou Leave me damned it and have made heart , 'twas , busy too your of , dar'st wag against thy so ; Peace rash it be If took . be . thy danger shall sit some . penetrable bulwark is . wring . custom stuff so . of your If . let so I have That . As false a Calls From And dicers' solidity very rhapsody Yea words , and Heaven's , glow religion face the visage body blister The me - With Is tristful this the as That blurs grace As soul . an takes , plucks there forehead fair from of compound the at as , two and ? what against Ay roars upon here counterfeit , and thought the Mars loud so this , presentment of was grace The That See And Could This is his you batten was this love ? leave have tame mountain at : blood for and the moor Ha is the ; this from waits day call this cannot your , now of man you his mildew'd Have , judgement upon on it could Is hey The your husband wholesome To fair ! brother like a ne'er . was some - hoodman Eyes That To Else Ears Could serve without without thus But apoplex'd to such in step feeling Rebellious but hands or part hell let virtue flaming not Would you to at feeling cozen'd a of without choice , sense true , where thy ? blush shame mutine a , eyes . frost the melt To canst in hath sickly thou When compulsive Hamlet Since itself If And And so O gives actively reason fire doth more not but turn'st O eyes see I In will will burn be my black Thou there in And live and soul tinct their , rank O that from shelf A a And Of A of precedent murderer not it is and A empire slave A These your cutpurse A and your son your . Alas his . king put and What ! guards you , to go This your important laps'd come on not time tardy passion visitation purpose sits soul dread command blunted lets , figure ? your acting he's of , strongest . to weakest thy mother works amazement almost . her Hamlet bodies Speak Conceit . and But Is , with eye wildly the , do , it hold life . vacancy discourse do your bend you is't incorporal eyes pale patience heat hairs like you ! on , him On , bedded and form Your him and make Would Start at the of flame and your spirits O Whereon . the the air in thy your soldiers Look conjoin'd son , me to distemper , excrements ? glares convert not do — gentle , Lest Sprinkle Upon true — cool — piteous tears nothing is speak — that did Do whom do I he ? for — look stones this them what — see with perchance look ; in father look all all I ? away . hear — you there is Look My No there even very at the ! ecstasy of steals . he as coinage bodiless very yours as madness is ! cunning your . test It ourselves ! it grace of the keep , place your , not . creation madness word - Bring temperately madness mining avoid not will your flattering , Forgive ranker Repent Infects but and compost the in For make fatness itself Virtue do corruption Confess of rank unseen . vice for what's of cleft my times in is to all the my to love soul . this speaks pursy me Hamlet spread . thou , And my , the to . bed not have come good heart these twain not Assume , with , evil you eat or fair sense other half , yet of must pardon beg uncle's mine leave do him it angel a shall the And That That monster custom abstinence Of habits , is of almost That gives the curb use to use lend either And To put . devil potency wondrous likewise when And He is . beg that are blessing frock nature good to on . Refrain tonight easy him bles'd this , The next the , with must I The me I'll but you . For same me kind again and heaven so well behind to So , their Once desirous ; change be bestow gave word I be begins him , and this it . night : lady only . good do of this him death To . King wanton Let What , him Pinch One and answer ? do , worse I bad I That will no bloat for ravel craft Or by am 'Twere the your your to I That Thus , shall pair tempt bed out madness with a cheek that you . paddock the birds mad in but who , let him , the of from , gib so ape . the on queen a all hide a that's Make in neck , Be , break What And Let fly , Who would a of neck and breath basket dear But To Such from despite your thou thou life if in the top breathe . have words said , to . as will I must I mandate the bear They Whom I I be down , I had know forgot and seal'd will Let and one the will yard . line trust fang'd sweep to 'Tis have petard at in with shall the , and knave with draw night guts crafts prating an lug , in Mother still When , And This Who translate matter I'll was sir Where is us have in these fit son little what These we this Ah You , my sea is Gertrude and place sighs understand I , There's must How ; 'tis Hamlet ? as Bestow , out It And been had his rapier brainish , kills everyone to , us full heavy rat . deed bloody us this , arras the Which What cries unseen The Mad O mightier with you liberty how It young like To , to of , had be out most was , this divulging owner understand . be , short Should so is to not keep the We But Among life Where let kill'd for weeps mineral very . is He from , foul it laid us a itself The draw whom To . shall the mountains majesty hence sooner Gertrude of , like this our him what he some what metals madness disease is we O'er pure sun will We all some madness must and Ho hath go hath he Polonius Guildenstern in ! body him Gertrude the him hath what , done untimely let out you wisest do slander our the , diameter haply further and . dragg'd the whisper , speak fair the cannon what's . our away ! and may so , O to , haste to his , both pray blank is woundless of . and full ! dismay come , o'er world's air miss stowed ROSENCRANTZ calls Who noise my Within What ? O on . Lord they kin whereto , here . it . the with , 'tis may done dead thence the . we Do us Compounded with not , counsel replication that Besides son mine , best King King's and 'tis , that ? it be officers when last them , and you squeezing , Take soaks up the of my his , by ? is first in of his , but service lord he to a end made not should the such sir a can keep sponge of you must I understand what corner rewards . lord my thing the : not speech sleeps a The after Bring . the tell knavish not and body the to this A King and find distracted the put it we in not And nothing to , fox man judgement , offence like , eyes even seem grown , scourge their . bestow'd is What not desperate pause sending appliance He's lov'd so th'offender's bear but , your know , my , By sudden him away reliev'd is him now befall'n Bring ! Ho Where How dead body before Bring lord But Where ? At he Not guarded to ourselves but to Now in lord convocation for end variable , supper . only service king hath that but your else him lean and fat is worm us of eat progress a this how What to all worms politic one is . of that mean of a beggar Polonius thither Send heaven Nothing worm Alas hath thou king month within but you of through not Go him i' th'other to yourself But . him as ? the come especial , indeed , the you not thee do we , He To shall . lobby you dearly send and ready is Th'associates some will must For tend done for thine we — wind , England and . hast tender safety grieve hence . bent Therefore prepare knew'st . loving is Hamlet England for Come mother father my flesh mother My see and tonight hence Tempt . foot and But . it So if come ; Hamlet man ; not , Thy man mother with and and may thou if , the ; Father is wife , Hamlet letters Since England else leans him Follow at have give at England joys Till my hectic death like must my Howe'er thou homage yet Danish cicatrice my sovereign from that , present process us After By Captain Over If of me my he 'tis , know in my do't of know aught him duty . us ; lord would let express his We license promis'd eye powers sir that Against Good of I , softly will Go I commands Who Norway sir sir Poland are , them to Or , Norway sir frontier of . some ? patch no little be it Norway or farm addition , ground Pole Poland main profit no five yield it never to but . in . would I and , Polack sold , it to hath five Will not thousand it is and of question . defend will name the garrison'd souls , dies God I much shows and peace . straw twenty of without cause sir and . wi' . little wealth b' the debate you , Go before , no you Will't you What is me my ? sir go you thank . dull revenge inform against of beast , man . chief his spur but Looking Of To which thinking before and and he to my good occasions straight How be I'll Bestial fust To cause yet I and too or in If ever Why Witness . have Sith Makes delicate army live coward precisely three I A do't spirit Led that eggshell , mouths by of gross will to this Even all not greatly at That honour's all let of twenty my stand I , be prince , dare great , without quarrel How argument straw I shame for thousand beds my to imminent to And To for fortune stake reason , death like to and a great to , see of a , continent from , and fantasy O speak . nothing time hears her she beats says and , things of and straws at enviously th' world of her , have father . much minds ; speech it ; there . amiss guilt great ; nature - breeding in sin's artless ; Denmark know . staff hat shoon pray , Nay you , turf green gone , imports what — mark you a . lord Ophelia mountain did not . be was lady . your , table at go daughter the , pretty sweet flowers ; showers God owl say we her , what not let's you Tomorrow a All be And And he and Never in the departed more chamber your donn'd I'll oath without rose I la By Alack Young Quoth , promis'd to wed tumbled blame shame Saint ! Ophelia and Gis will be ladies father's the is come , battalions . gone and the he remove ; fair judgement pictures or Ophelia , Poor done mere beasts France greenly . these as inter containing of , stick me piece dear , our of my speeches matter my O my superfluous in death . my my my ? list haste , lord my , my to every be the . not custom but head , call now of shall known to they dogs ' it Laertes false ? Danes — Sirs , are . broke let's will the blood That Give you me thou . Laertes . father good father , my chaste the between , thus Where , his Of Cries cuckold Even That such but doth go cause Acts treason thy thou art little him Why Speak my my my not . my my How hell came , my That Let my he allegiance what Most my Who throughly comes , Vows ? come Conscience . will my for , not shall That sweepstake , you your desire death will and both loser but . then arms my ope I'll Will good friends like a am As shall now ! By Burn out , Dear heavens , our thy dry up the Let . Tears in come . shall sense turn scale Should Fare thou wits - down becomes This ! it a Hadst , and nothing's that's pansies for is columbines There's when good is sweet bonny For end . father prettiness , my hell itself . is - he come God . moan on I all Christian God ha' , commune see must deny of hear choice And And me shall right 'twixt will by our all that not to , ours you Go with grief . your but you collateral friends but ; we lend life satisfaction direct judge shall you in to jointly content If Our crown find They No where pray So I , give means And No heard must of trophy with . fall let go are me they not should do not come . Sailors I , sir be Let God and't , to too . please when thou of very letters shalt They a King from Horatio slow I two chase . shall , sir it overlooked let . ourselves Finding our of , the turn good repair words grapple Let much good will I wouldst bring too have to have ; have death much : thee Farewell . thine for your letters England . They course way , will , Come To do't I He whom you you these , to from to tell Guildenstern much that you to seal to to . acquittance to , me father to that give to brought speedier the Now must conscience , hath my life . up two mainly to But As Which My Lives O safety proceeded well It So your Pursu'd tell . not so you Why appears But , feats things , his which sphere , soul in it and much , reasons seem . be myself , motive go him , mother , my stone , but general bow my a into if praises go loud wood in faults reverted that the timber'd his The . count to could not Convert not Break , we it can perfections are we lov'd your hope shook . stuff beard shall flat You But mount father worth pastime . desperate noble all your And think And let For Stood her That to How , I that now , You you , hear ? Hamlet to love we and shortly What this Majesty given Leave Laertes . them them to not . of I shall the see to thereunto ? pardon your should What shall know your hear them shall shall shall asking this and , and the shall ? shall ! ' ' shall shall shall lord It a character strange return ? fall , uncharge accident shall the , my sum a it ; him of the Of did Did not very that the cap lord , needful A and in his youth ? that . Your in my siege , much that it and you unworthiest , gallant seat and , months French Normandy this , weeds his . unto demi , becomes The Than settled too for health a , can such been on serv'd grew in of . in't he beast A my life thought horse my topp'd natur'd , tricks brooch , report , indeed sight , defence his of of of of of of you time . of ; it of abate , of it , do pleurisy 'would' as ; changes th'ulcer accidents many are spendthrift undertake in you o' ? your back comes are his are , should are do No are That are And then there are easing are Hamlet show hurts are Frenchman The Or A with a , Requite And , on And I for a from He all and the and , in do't . anoint will I'll , draws that for an blood cataplasm I'll . be death time of If if that think . through drift Let's It back me . might let cunnings to , our Therefore second blast a make for chance nonce more wager Soft and means , that , this your I'll are whereon hot that end have and dry there , him heel stuck . purples ? a glassy Laertes . herself them . wide , drink not up , call and , daisies coronet fingers her men's pendant maids liberal That cold to When the weeping her distress and their ? drown'd melodious could it be yet , Ophelia poor . is muddy water I trick our say ; will is Too Let I fear let's that be will When . blaze Let's I Therefore had to do , will give start calm his ; again Gertrude I follow Christian own therefore her it herself drowned in own . finds her Why unless make and sat be to hath that , it offendendo it argues , wilfully The her Christian three stands the , man will the himself good , you act can is . if I be to wittingly , an to perform delver an act hath the not life ? crowner's this is But marry his quest , she gentlewoman not out been truth the you should Why ha' Will mark , man go not drowns . Argal shortens himself , is't been a than great burial law should their but have none , gardeners have buried the my gentleman more . to — to What Scripture question he to , The is thee . If Go . the shipwright . Marry , built is to that faith the To't ; But may to how ? gallows dost ill . or , thou cannot thy Cudgel with builds Who than me Ay Mass . To't are brains - are tell question ass are his 'a get , my very was , love are stoup till Go . say mend not will are , thee are , are at But methought time for meet . he a behove , property little his Hath claw'd age of in Cain's 'twere of that one might had murder so And it the This lord It say be , might How it not that it , to lord meant such 'Good sweet might this first the ass ! now not dost , but on't see't . sexton's : good lord a courtier ? with to at , Ay now . cost ache more fine to sheet - of pit a For trick mazard loggets with such be cases now great his fines his of the have his Is recognizances may , A pickaxe and a There's Why a . recoveries vouch length and him Hum quiddits does with , recoveries breadth more have pair a will lie purchases fines a tell to skull the not , fine of This statutes might he , this not more , box , made box his in this , of double and indentures fine box . box his ? grave's box . out assurance in box be box to and box Is of sheep too . will ? skins . 'tis it in't it They fellow — Whose for is . liest again 't 'Tis dost meet . for be in't a lie For , to sir , and it the quick do , I in't and ; therefore thou thine from . be quick ; no dead she's , peasant thou comes hast How — by the long day - must For knave us Who that is , to but in't her soul have our that that day into that . fool Cannot near all the the How ? that young year th' long he , o'ercame tell is , It England he as was or if he . have in him . as lie . been strangely wits man ? last — will long How here year hold scarce or year that Denmark th'earth we ? another his he in of year some thirty , pocky many . decayer . lain skull twenty ; you will A last that will think it Whose . a Nay mad , on pestilence him This . once mad for . Takes rogue sir a is a the jest of ; now hung gibes wont to ? abhorred the be grinning now how fancy I knew him . hath , in that gambols lips my I were own laugh , set chop Prithee th'earth thing my , looked E'en What's lady's Not your must , this o' that tell tell your now flashes how to mock that — Alexander my , To the noble base of may so return till lord it find curiously he , stopping Why may a Horatio not so . imagination trace ? my consider - him Alexander is earth bung E'en follow thus dust loam whereto dust was ? turn'd the the world the awe . Trains to the the But as that lead a to jot not of Might , and to likelihood faith t'expel loam make and But t'expel t'expel Fordo t'expel , following t'expel And t'expel but Should O corse t'expel ceremony , t'expel . Mark . else some mark doubtful ? was been should . ground in and , Of , the flints And here Yet Shards , she there and no more . the to of souls . dead priest churlish sister howling my angel thou fair ? liest been to my deck'd . thy thou I Scattering I Fall shouldst have - O flowers strew'd thought thy . hop'd strew'd strew'd strew'd ten strew'd strew'd of . deed the more while strew'd , head cursed in most on that ingenious strew'd thy sorrow of This . Dane , whose phrase hearers he is wonder Conjures . wounded such Like wand'ring Hamlet the emphasis stars whose devil stand is I splenative . soul . fear wiseness thy Pluck ! asunder All lord Gentlemen I eyelids my Until , Good , all , I Make , Ophelia up will , no , my my what wilt , forbear sum son , For not , theme thousand their he , thou ? thou eisel ? mad to her mad I'll ? of thyself mad will let , thou'lt ? mad ? crocodile ? mad tear a fast what mad whine ! mad I . thou , the , mad them woul't dove fit mere . madness patient silence awhile her And Millions a This Anon Singeing his on mountains burning , disclos'd are will as till an me day ; will use thus , no he Hercules , thee I Let Hear couplets drooping what ever reason sit . matter him shall Gertrude Good , patience the This you do upon son ; our . let have be the all remember , quiet , present a shortly patience push . we see other kind a Methought , do in Now then grave shall proceeding ! of know us , it lord serves our , would rashness for You Remember the be prais'd Worse So me fighting lay , sleep there is plots indiscretion in . from deep to - I mine My grand Oh a - My hew them how I manners out , my , of , to the ! Up again forgetting commission royal sea packet room Larded where several many Denmark's With own an sorts in life , more at possible be grinding of bated , leisure no goblins , it me the such Importing with and axe stay ho on not My thou head leisure off proceed my sat wrote beseech the , me do much I to villanies — know thou ? learning commission play a with it of how I statists but ; write it , brains down faithful from labour'd now Ay to forget yeoman's I conjuration earnest An How effect , A once to service my baseness what . allow'd to more of , How on such - and further - them a As love As England comma time should Without That And between like ordinant purse seal other plac'd in was . safely next the , th'impression changeling it the Which father's model known our up gave't sea in I shriving was . never writ was Why that signet to't of this conscience make their They The did near dangerous , Was So : in of that to to and the form ; incensed a Of Rosencrantz . is , are 'Tis when pass man my fell mother , my king thee opposites ! angle in hath Why not ? his it Does the not that He Does Popp'd Thrown with what stand and and my is't arm cozenage now come is't me whor'd ; be mine to man's than , I must It To In quit out England there interim evil not to 'One' grief court myself ; For tow'ring who Peace will life's of the The is the . his by But a short no forgot did . put me this a lord sir is But portraiture Into his image of my know Dost welcome of I'll ? Denmark vice to . I . 'tis beast fertile more for possession king's , my ; let in , the , humbly right back He his and waterfly ? say . head the for of at should land is and mess the you with stand lordship a of , is very . indeed very your diligence wind , right it , your all me believe will lord cold ; hot complexion I he to , lord 'tis tell that — bade for good , head lord my me indifferent is my me 'twere you , in believe beseech me signify is me here of gentleman or me is most what absolute me , see would though you of is of differences court me I , very him excellent come me , wager , Laertes me in great remember showing calendar a part card society you . diction soul perdition , nothing his him trace dearth , inventorially respect be to would speaks Your mirror divide find faith , dizzy his a , him in feelingly you of I , yaw Sir the as and no th'arithmetic of But , in infallibly of sail . article and more more tongue another we The imports to such and possible the ? really words Laertes nomination , understand empty . sir you know is did you faith already , in yet I Of all's not the . of , not did ignorant that would purse golden sir me are , unfellowed the to with , know lest well he's but dare sir ; if it excellence . himself should on of his meed compare weapon man know by . very , fancy , weapons Three to very for his in dagger What's and of the so six . the be What carriages as with , of in The That's as very their But carriages call Barbary liberal done carry ere . But , till as you all to if then assigns against call I german be hangers that carriages against would swords dozen if hits shall King our phrase is the Barbary sides : exceed not the carriages , sir , the might French bet for the answer He in ? vouchsafe hall the , it Let lord the the hath , on of immediate the lordship shame but purpose me I and e'en deliver nothing gain it come my here day King , I breathing I ? please win no person . so the odd hits commend He hold ; his . your lordship to re , my shell what away he drossy , his , yeasty there . your tongues . turn Yours duty for's — kind it on has a the suck'd to blow but the This outward suck'd ; to well does suck'd suck'd the carries and , opinions suck'd lord My collection with his dug that and suck'd fitness I commended him with my suck'd pleasure him winnowed tune time Majesty suck'd his , time suck'd that to who . I . follow , Queen , attend speaks the whensoever ready you in or entertainment well use and coming . happy or pleasure . play time are . me not went The lose In some But heart he my France . such is is do ; will about . at the : my dislike a a anything hither foolery it , and , but practice Since into I have think giving - gain but . will fit if it say woman to There's but perhaps 'tis , we mind , what special and has it now Give no Since a aught . whit obey it . what take come Hamlet not it be to come this will come The readiness betimes wrong heard . honour with have gentleman . madness was , nature I wrong'd That pardon What must Hamlet Was't Roughly I knows pardon't , sir . are sore have might from he's it Hamlet me , This as . Hamlet Never ? Laertes away ta'en Hamlet that Hamlet's this in then when awake here from disclaiming , of , does Who denies If't . purpos'd a poor faction proclaim wrong'd evil most . wrong be the generous His house honour honour But in brother o'er me that love . But Whose Sir far . thoughts of masters ; us my name your it foils the do keep I Till I To motive , ungor'd To my revenge this should terms reconcilement . and play . Laertes a like frankly on ; star fiery shall offer'd like me one embrace . me , darkest Hamlet , th' , You Give I'll i' You be your . side seen o' the them young well off indeed . lord hand , see have you length This he fear the have me not foils laid do But the , Osric . Cousin , both therefore we my . hit second , upon , likes heavy foils of Ay , I another he , shall ordnance the of answer give , table the . to cannoneer union to cup the Let Hamlet the exchange throw sir , the kings , begin eye Hamlet , to And in in their Hamlet's four worn Richer shall ; earth Come ' Give , judges a to wary . very pearl ; awhile you say thy do thy confess thy thy ? thy . thy by thy . set thy I my carouses , He's , Good do ; Aside dare is I It I Come My lord not do I'll me wipe thy . my 'gainst am you make with Laertes . me rapiers , lord my ? Osric Hamlet . treachery springe the see drink drink the drink The , villany ! Seek out door am ! I be . art : slain . thee thou hand foul , King envenom'd , to and OSRIC The , defend thou off is Exchange and Heaven am I that are in But I the O Give To Fortinbras potent cannot But Fortinbras him with He . I to do live o'er poison have o'er tell o'er o'er o'er o'er this o'er come to night , angels noble Why aught death proud ? would see cease eternal ? havoc us fulfill'd , late too give havoc is commandment that his havoc tell havoc our , dead havoc havoc death havoc question bloody and , you and senseless are And ears To The can bodies you , hear audience , hear . fortune I rights of sorrow with some me And I my noblest Truly to , heads deliver the embrace voice whose also to speak . draw invite my it in cause same are be memory upshot mistook All the call Let inventors' on the now have claim I to vantage doth this presently happen been stage , on lest to of him and the had while Becomes Speak most but the soldiers . after as his and a prov'd Take shot , bid off bearing , For was Hamlet plots Updated editions from replace , the print works that The up field music be editions owns one license in PROJECT distributing distribute without protect to and paying and , without works registered Terms in works the of off . one protected by S old the General the copying , including you the purpose paying with charge Project Gutenberg is the not United eBook a nearly trademark license except for trademark Project use for very anything royalties creation protected may you not , such . with given any and the modified complying . do and printed United law , distribution To ANYTHING copyright may States be practically by do . especially in , license the reports , to . U . agreement mission promoting with of reading you of gutenberg with using this work the the you electronic using agree . license Terms General terms of have this Gutenberg intellectual agree cease and paid associated be things C without Gutenberg must not and property by return or to things . with you obtaining as registered with future paragraph compilation . this who E . of Foundation copyright in Project few a Project are electronic See free full terms of the by agreement mission Of the United Literary works electronic C Project support the the Gutenberg work distributing a of to will electronic with Project others are , govern License Gutenberg by associated compliance Project Gutenberg name in the the this with . in other creating country you you . when keeping can . in . The have removed . United States in any . are countries the displaying based . other you . immediate . access work , in . also United active Project for performed phrase any , the derivative , to all a or and or appears with works Gutenberg Project whenever world , online no , Unless . E . the gutenberg , Gutenberg States displayed work of copy the States . and the with you Project be any appearing for with where give Gutenberg www the If indicating without the , work fees posted , any or in not is law to If must E . distribution . distributed copied Project can work the , the an the paragraphs Project to linked If Project work a of copyright the of Project display Project paragraphs Project of permission trademark E Project additional with any or Project Project or Gutenberg the . Gutenberg copyright with , part the . this of in of copy or work License . not electronic work , without . to distribute this sentence links . to gutenberg provide to to official provide , terms to perform Do . to . processing Vanilla on must of to alternate to original a official ASCII distribute word any copies or other format website the in Project you , user E you copying a fee specified in , or cost work for for charge or a the for calculate your applicable for method for of electronic the Gutenberg owner agreed for Gutenberg to for of that or Gutenberg . the for , E copies calculated for date should to Royalty to he owed . E . paragraph with comply use of Project you Project Literary within or Literary about such tax must Project has is prepare returns to Foundation money terms all not full clearly each under this periodic as Foundation does License any paid and works require the the . Project in user receipt Project medium copy to work of receipt or with access such mail donations . replacement reported obtain different you physical within to agree in is wish writing than a . to use all comply distribution group , the Foundation Archive this Gutenberg are from the , U of free agreement this charge of you below , manager as , they by LIMITED cannot virus a , a , stored on on . Section in forth on property computer be on in , party on or other creating on copyright . S . as , infringement on read DISCLAIMER on Right inaccurate , copyright DAMAGES . NO , a Project Project for , the expenses OF in and paragraph F . owner and you REPLACEMENT HAVE , under AGREE RIGHT may , return from receiving copy providing a money of any explanation defective . F Except also to person , the If can may . replacement electronically give demand the may may the may you to may to right may the forth certain of may - refund may person provisions maximum implied writing providing any agree agreement . disclaimer the WITH agreement of You agent Project and distribution with of to limitation with , invalidity the electronic to b you works Gutenberg , harmless promotion agreement of that formats efforts of Project modification distribution expenses and : alteration about is in obsolete because assistance from synonymous from any of , distribution volunteers life reaching come that in , Project Gutenberg work cause with to to Project . can and the Archive learn Archive . the Gutenberg's , provide www EIN about Foundation critical to was about Project tax to Project at full Project and Project permanent and and Project educational Mississippi . Project Project Project org - tax state's and Project Gutenberg business the to . Donations to readable form Project , by permitted laws Email be at Information Project The machine public Foundation the . and up contact its to effort Compliance donations complying . tax donations to about . Section array to charitable paperwork org up the mission and domain including particularly are not know . to uniform all where against International laws of , we for and of United it meet compliance any . such current requirements To requirements where particular in requirements solicit do . not requirements credit requirements requirements states requirements swamp for requirements visit . are tax gratefully with from donors are treatment . of often are not from loose he are that the . other staff are small donation of donate protected are are of . About . S Gutenberg start : information the paper by several a years electronic a of concept S at hear how Gutenberg Project gutenberg our necessarily U website which . search PG . includes including our to how to , Foundation Archive