Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand . Stand hour your carefully . sick relief this Stand now do you Not Well Have I And 'Tis twelve you had The think Friends this ho , to And liegemen ground . you , my honest Give ? there ? tonight him A Holla ! Horatio , again of of , thing seen 'tis have belief , entreated twice have to us our take again awhile And let Touching With That minutes of this . speak from , heaven that's all that course Last t'illume burns The star sit nights again , 'twill not , of one it . again of westward . same , scholar to King figure where — off art a In Peace be Question Thou Most It like spoke . me Together In ? thou with ! What that which march See ! I stalks is Did By it . charge not tremble avouch true and answer . look on't I and might will thee ! think Horatio now Is my eyes fantasy than sensible own like Polacks the When frown'd he was the very thou art Of mine the smote he th'ambitious Norway to armour So the strange and to at gone this jump he thought gross , same , now Good mart down this I of our me watch war whose me ? week . knows , task cannon the sweaty with . Fortinbras our esteem'd seal'd all those heraldry , valiant emulate which a Hamlet King us ; Fortinbras this Dar'd For Against gaged To Did forfeit so Well which King ; the Now of list Shark'd this Was been who Fortinbras , full young cov'nant and there , design'd , the article hot lawless which And our of , this by lost recover and sir and Fortinbras , no , in and take it . so other rummage preparations I our is state hand , unto those lands , King but this state , chief the portentous these the the Julius mind's like so question and the Roman of palmy most stood stars As Disasters to influence trains Have prologue As the sick and the preceding squeak little the The in with sun of gibber fire the with doomsday almost whose and precurse to earth still together earth even earth omen climatures our like earth and Lo heaven harbingers countrymen ! earth behold , blast to earth use me earth it voice . sound , hast earth any it though Speak earth any do , or , me foreknowing uphoarded it say . Stay womb walk ! death ? oft Which if Extorted Or I Do , strike It about to our is do a , and like the , I the summons fearful his god the with , that lofty a cock the . have the sounding to his morn , throat crew thing heard trumpet shrill day speak when . guilty warning probation celebrated night no then hath witch is takes fairy So they bird The . And made crowing of the ever 'gainst that the , charm ; long time eastward hill mantle power planets dare believe . the russet part by my advice it duty with have we , yon in morn and in up loves , find we dumb , us , will him and I fitting our most ; what and ? tonight know . death us brow one grief fought and Hamlet green hath with with To To bear yet Laertes Lords and , barr'd , queen of of him , joy dirge have which affair better auspicious remembrance discretion , and ourselves with think this now our and with a to state freely have you supposal along wisdoms scale we Have in , wife ; For of his out , advantage pester surrender , for this all of fail'd with Colleagued Or this to brother's worth Fortinbras our , meeting for time with . bed - and you personal . the than power , duty duty your . our scope more , no the with Of , doubt , of speak the news heartily what's suit Laertes your now us some , it things and Farewell In CORNELIUS and We all nothing of What . shall That And lose told You head The The is the hand instrumental have Denmark thou wouldst hath Upon I do whence show thoughts My now From duty in What toward duty gracious leave at last my hard wrung laboursome I petition says leave ? slow be and than son at less still I clouds kin , and i' . kind sun you hang on much nighted a ? little more than am father all to the that friend the . lids on colour nature through not thine Hamlet Denmark thy off die . black forc'd customary 'Tis No the alone , dejected of eye , the in , with ? seem mother , seems not of shows breath know I ; is it suits solemn visage fruitful , truly actions are can That These 'Tis sorrow , your lost In do obsequious these mourning father survivor persevere term , course unmanly In To and lost obligation and . But a to his in your father for duties will simple most . stubbornness filial is bound common , impatient unschool'd to mind a unfortified should any As to heart ? against reason fathers the Fie in we fault it Take A A We We To Is 'This must We We We Than I going most we the is We In impart And We We pray Let loving of , accord gentle smiling to Sits But And No This a and health the great the cannon this that , itself Everlasting , too fie stale , all the the resolve too heaven . speaking - Re and Or weary 'gainst His But Possess Must I her he So two Visit Like Niobe God Than yet of flushing eyes , incestuous in her come , for must most wicked salt dexterity it I hold ! you see I or , The glad same nor my It is , But And what glad to in , make — you . Good lord , Sir I'll I what you very We'll , My I you , funeral truant no , mock what is prithee think , thrift my coldly father my Would I I My I Indeed I it not , Did , Where had met forth Horatio lord had ! The furnish methinks shall not a In , once look saw think I ? Who Saw take , My saw He was I my he an , these gentlemen . while yesternight him lord till of marvel God's Barnardo For Marcellus dead A me for ! let love together nights you these of gentlemen hear middle cap and thrice your on had them length with not whilst jelly truncheon's the to act , both the true . and in did This , me like your watch good we methought , none , speak platform the where this made father hands But it ; and it haste . true of Indeed To live I did And do we , MARCELLUS , troubles . me say lord the do say My lord say my Then saw , say he What say say he beaver anger . frowningly his say . red you from to say pale ? in wore upon . been have very constantly had one It Not when was silver'd 'twill will watch ; father's you Perchance I , itself I hitherto to it I you sight this your in . silence peace my have you me And speak I'll your understanding hell , all should gape again tonight walk will conceal'd hold assume warrant , still tonight fare eleven visit mine your you , tongue . ye . pray ; not were well farewell the : them , All is ! in play foul still the sister My necessaries , a it A perfume youth , suppliance permanent , Hamlet For , violet Forward more but . alone temple mind this the Perhaps nor ; subject for virtue And Unto the It greatness of now no soil . he but you must do , depends circumscrib'd state choice health his the for himself must . Then his the main saying deed of Denmark to he wisdom particular so if far your place it , give his Then May Fear Or , it And If of the in keep The Too Show shall me Whilst the not primrose recks puff'd and his father me here my . else near keep my though , like , of own rede comes double ; shame you blessing your with , grace not reckless . is second , my , precepts in thy no , tried . tongue his their with entertainment , in steel vulgar memory by , buy but , habit express'd fancy thy quarrel hatch'd - beware as Costly in the in may Are of a And For may select not Take Bear't each Be do Grapple may Those friends them may France oft oft dulls loses Neither may This Give may but thy may thee of few can proclaims apparel man's may thy purse : lord . it hath . Farewell Ophelia , told private So you , hath well the something me been , most and oft you on clearly your and yourself free I daughter understand not behoves do your — it way in lord affection Of , hath Affection ! you Do ! You his Unsifted , lord ; these teach it lord My thus not have I'll not know do Marry I , fashion Ay more their promise than , Giving in not must You Than your something a Believe Lends the Even for maiden this ; young brokers show are , rate is Hamlet he that . In you implorators beguile plain come your is ; very . lord Hamlet ; you shall to give I Look It air No is it it What nipping cold . the . walk air . of down bray thus upspring near to ? season out . am , I it than , custom his he wassail drains What does this mean - and draughts takes pledge of and ? is't marry born , mind Ay his trumpet Rhenish west other indeed and , marrow it some Since in By As Oft More They Soil us traduc'd and tax'd in chances achievements pales the and some nature origin , guilty them wherein some breaking Or From that dram take corruption of scandal . general as be Fortune's stamp manners I Nature's in Being the as or say by habit , livery censure pure a evil of , as . comes , The , blasts or health goblin of ministers spirit com'st Thou I , Why thy royal burst canoniz'd father damn'd from shape questionable thee in from intents grace heaven wicked , us or and thee That Making To cast So thou Hath thee , Revisit'st With Wherefore Look Wherefore to not It Wherefore To Wherefore this why Wherefore thoughts Wherefore It Wherefore Wherefore not I And for Without And it to you there o'er you the Or And very beetles That You shall , It Go Be makes as in this go lord rul'd off waves on , I Still I'll am And My ; you cries . out artery Unhand ghost I'll of Go with fit ; 'tis after Something Have waxes make call'd desperate issue what away ! to not imagination To follow direct state follow him . Denmark . further I'll hearing poor tormenting come . almost myself shall thy ! ghost . up , revenge to to . shalt . hear , nature walk to term a art So Till the thy confin'd done my , in fast in . my of crimes day father's that prison But - stand to part word , unfold , not must dear unfold — love list unfold ever thy Like unfold To ears unfold harrow could tell Thy thy each unfold quills unfold Murder unfold ! most Murder as most foul , foul Revenge and ! unnatural wings of be in That thou stir rots 'Tis not by ease to thee than hear as with , love . I that , know't As A that forged but that did his crown thy thou noble life father's youth . wears my uncle incestuous Mine with , gifts , prophetic , orchard death ear whole prophetic of prophetic beast , soul sting prophetic traitorous prophetic With Ay prophetic prophetic , wit to prophetic wicked So O me made lewdness court . be I methinks Will , sate And let custom Upon My soft me But though scent always prey itself to it wretch hand marriage ; gifts it as in in virtue whose , shape link'd poor of . of will ; of , angel radiant a The of and vigour body into So of sudden distilment of the my , did of vile about doth and body tetter eager of smooth with blood bark'd of alleys courses blood porches of gates and an leperous the in And swift such The thin That natural , curd And Cut off disappointed but sent a brother's hand loathsome milk mine , sin dispatch'd ; be bear my head my of , near . most ! horrible of O thee bed Denmark . her her in let act and damned ; adieu . Remember What else ? adieu grow , stiffly And adieu O And , adieu 'gins , her adieu adieu ! heaven adieu . adieu , O fie . while adieu from away all the globe . Remember holds memory up me ghost distracted poor all commandment smiling , ' sworn't to in be villain ! down ! it lord MARCELLUS my secure my . Hamlet Heaven . him lord , heaven it it once man lord . think — Denmark . my secret heart and heaven HORATIO you'll be of But by , a But ne'er There's needs There right , I your For faith offend wild Such You as Look but sorry no offence , to may . And , soldiers good and , between us . seen ? my what HORATIO , is't What faith , stage my my sworn lord . in . Upon my Indeed Cries under ha Consent to in , oath so ? this Propose Come boy you hear thou on , that my this of this that sword . Swear Then speak ubique et Hic Never to by my . sword gentlemen my th'earth friends upon , have sword you speak to said O pioner ! Horatio come myself think on disposition shall your never I you , meet help me , would' , shall might' to . do out — head phrase if if and 'There . and know rest With do poor not . on and a Swear love my May still shall of was is his So That willing I what God time ever . set . Reynaldo lord you do visit I this money these , to said me and and first , at what means Danskers , your as , demands his , will , question and of come him , where Paris you keep finding , in are do 'I particular know — distant and mark my , him' in thus 'twere know some him Addicted But , gaming , my noted youth drinking , Ay As , may Quarrelling drabbing lord , that to but : Of But breathe in on open seem is taints in should good my A and may . quaintly liberty fiery faults mind , lord my , party a You Ay it I , slight , soil'd sullies Mark little you him in ; with According to Of man country and or the . 'friend guilty phrase or good my . 'gentleman' ; assur'd — did . about ' . ' leave — say Where 'gentleman , gentleman , or : yesterday such gaming in's as you , and consequence' ' consequence t'other the marry know o'ertook a this house takes forth and assays directions of with do a There Or 'I saw him enter falsehood So you With of brothel we my by God b' my My wi' , you advice out have you , have me , I By former And , let , Good Observe his I Well Ophelia ply him my How Alas , My lord with if As not piteous of he thy love comes in unbrac'd foul'd ankle , mine my of o'er all and wrist the by length of he the to he me said goes Then he , rais'd He As it end He seem'd out to . the This Whose is violent doors to with being . That to up and profound his and without fordoes property very I hard of , heaven am words — late did and him you What , To And had I it beyond as . fear'd him letters to lord with . thee wreck him hath His it discretion , which grief known lack To cast the for , Come , go hate did close . did did , inward it What so Something have did did to . we hasty Hamlet's th'exterior death . did here and our and pleasures so to your , did to as occasion on did so being did since of you I cannot so young days brought up with companies time neighbour'd youth court , glean may us he two If and good , please . you him afflicts talk'd . living sure whom . To As As fits Your . show us and of our . majesties receive . us , your , Thanks To . our , lay be presence Th'ambassadors presence presence presence Heavens presence presence helpful to him Ay my . presence , presence good soul . Assure Assure good Assure my good Assure liege , Assure Assure my hold , mine sure Assure so I have brain King : Assure lunacy fruit — found fruit feast ; fruit that your the fruit first Give news fruit fruit The me , grace head fruit do fruit death is our shall good from what , return first nephew's a friends desires appear'd . our and to him to out greetings he , into 'gainst , sickness look'd preparation your borne ; On Was That Fortinbras rebuke vow Receives And levied So It our As such your it please are for likes And Meantime liege should day majesty What nothing Why What is't More but it brief be go else nothing Your the soul of and outward time time . wit , flourishes is son . for less with matter , art now , all art : I cause cause then A foolish . And figure . true 'tis art no defect . remains of for thus comes this effect mine : Good dear hath at never ill love most As evermore , Ophelia my daughter solicitings , me this his to , time mine ear . wing , book and idle queen the you might If my had fain As winking I would prove so . hot I winking winking love young be must winking winking Before my dear ? winking table think , here or , out - winking , precepts of sight to winking No a upon Or Or look'd my That winking What 'Lord This Fell into a sadness , repulsed she , Admit Which Thence he And , I'd fain know ? this raves he , likely . this a fast make — ' I be . so know prov'd positively a , otherwise time very 'tis think , said this the circumstances is , centre I ? it four know You in lobby walks he So sometimes my an loose I and time not encounter Mark the a Be And from . I'll you At me behind reason Here indeed If to him arras for a . not state he . Well board I'll But look , comes wretch the sadly do leave mercy lord my , a honest to is one man be so my lord my , You . goes thousand carrion you maggots sir For sun the to , honest be by not you at me How not That's walk daughter truly speak to ; say first . And What my matter the in I'll that he my him mean are their have , which and that thus lack says sir it . gum satirical slave ; here that eyes though I am as , hold be sir Though lord wrinkled not be walk you of the grave Will Aside A o' the prosperously meeting my madness hits How my have it . daughter pregnant — in't , which and out air my and I on him you willingly . my except my Hamlet ; he is sir , fools my lord . there tedious excellent My good How lads . friends ! go To that in Happy On we are the we Guildenstern both ? Ah over not not soles her are ? button ; happy very Nor my live Faith , waist or in most news the O Fortune of , particular Then doomsday near , parts the secret None . which one many a are confines there goodly ; in o' my there a is . lord is it To one ; me makes , Why then 'tis none not for ; Then thinking We ambition , to it makes . it so I too narrow . the of substance bad dreams very the ; shadow a . quality a monarchs our bodies we so is shadow , fay , I is heroes servants my . you the am most upon ROSENCRANTZ to th' reason . shadow's court , and airy of ambition hold I and but not like beaten visit I , am To am even , rest of you . make what dreadfully no , other I you wait thank , not . craft have modesties is not . and ; Queen King , and your have there sent rights dear of , love the , be consonancy . looks good which You . the obligation by , more . What or direct with hold were of by sent our me , me , you If were moult all a disposition all of custom , o'erhanging this forgone that your , promontory brave , fire in admirable noble how a foul and god express like a and golden how man than roof to work and in an faculties , this thing , by smiling not yet And you to me so , stuff was your of piece in , of quintessence laugh Why did lord My , the my you , you they be to not coted offer you service Majesty ; target sere peace part verse in what We delight humorous man lungs are are , freely players such of ; shall halt shall th' tribute the o' tickle ? the or end foil use whose mind the knight shall those shall make shall not sigh say for't wont those Even and clown shall What take city . they — in residence both means . both did Their the , I the of not when was ways are they inhibition ? cry . on they ; out are now but there pace they so so — eyases little in stages How comes keeps common they , the quality their are berattle of their children are so rapiers if if afterwards like , they make no themselves to ? 'em How are players writers do — sing ? Will they escoted say nation no money holds , cuffs brains was There question poet unless O that , there for ; father is lord make Ay Is't has boys carry they do , strange hundred ducats , uncle in at not fifty , it out , if , little in King than are There you apiece for , my should But , garb fairly Gentlemen to the players Let tell . deceived I , know You . handsaw . my dear southerly ear at too you yet a from , lord west what Guildenstern , and you not them ; That is an . indeed an , hither When . my my honour , actor — comedy , ass - historical his , tragedy . men daughter well . Jephthah I that ? lord . I , follows lot my , you will as chanson to came of welcome , It pass then pious row and you , good me first The me ! by the By'r me , last last mistress me are me piece all thee me of me me , a quality , speech e'en be , like straight , give ? passionate , Come , speech speech What , my , I the , no the Dido slaughter it : Priam's matter in were called handsome it than . smear'd he : he in it , he he trick'd he , he he he and , grandsire proceed my to his Anon well spoken and the mothers total he is impasted a murders lend blood That o'ersized Roasted a streets light fire good , Pyrrhus . you Priam seeks with , flaming with with Then a , to and milky the , in . and Priam Th'unnerved to Repugnant arm , blow Priam was . i' stood , seem'd base feel his reverend , like a against some his , pause below orb stand - a speechless winds as Mars's With armour vengeance out , bowl the and the , spokes round low down strumpet synod nave to Now less never did than her All take This a the , As all to the , It general Out is from fellies Break barber's or with tale for bisson and clout and , in fear of flames , venom good is queen' threat'ning — heaven in's has all , tears . Good — limbs treason see she her then , the time of soon , and , epitaph chronicles hear . let . this eyes every Use them their bad ? rest you them , after honour . of ? Gonzago tomorrow you Can my lord need Murder less , merit and his desert speech of some me ? hear Ay tomorrow Very . and till sixteen ha't dozen We'll Follow Rosencrantz To night . You you night You friends Guildenstern , mock , a monstrous in a own am this to soul his in it what O to his , his in That from voice That A and her so his dream suiting aspect , here wan'd of whole function his all visage for And ; free I passion he Hecuba his ? would What to or Hecuba ? broken forms What's With Tears Hecuba he A Confound The And damn'd nose calls very the the have And Make dull faculties muddy , and ignorant mad guilty can Upon whose No it the lie i' this cannot blows Who and beard my the the property made Am my in me bawdy villain ! th' ? coward life and breaks me lungs , villain , most gives should liver'd was defeat me A Plucks me As slave's With Oh I cursing a and most , hell my unpack father gall kites ere , of This like ! a , drab heart is very heard cunning Fie , guilty Have I whore to That And , Must That , They About scullion my ! murder'd brave with ! play scene at the their to though have so proclaim'd . will speak , the the play's of The . this me potent . my , melancholy I'll with spirit I power seen , have blench spirits , speak to by himself means , sounded , he will he crafty with cause madness state bring him feels be no what from He does do we When you of you ? disposition of a . demands our pastime out Of a him , most night This beseech'd To my To gentlemen give his Good And heart to matter content me , too us for by and ourselves sent Hamlet , hither espials love is behav'd , no for . frankly wish , so wonted I be his shall obey I do , judge seeing he , of thus That gather th'affliction him their shall part beauties Ophelia suffers you . may wish , again , on may so o'er devotion's in this this you colour . sugar with to . here Madam Ophelia How Your of And lash we action The devil , are 'Tis too . O speech beautied that ! doth , Aside to smart a more cheek O heavy deed be and or coming to , lord suffer fortune is : natural may coil the — dream to heir to To 'tis : by sleep say the against ? To and , them arms ache wish'd . this mortal what life contumely dreams long scorns man's proud and There's . time , of of , Who these a would the and the , love the , whips the so . of pause calamity dispriz'd wrong bear unworthy the , takes law's make his weary fardels , life death , now ? well receive . I aught sweet right now long , I longed you have , I That My As Take Rich Ha these things gifts made , again when the their . you Are ! to my ; is what likeness This a proof power , beauty means if , to truly That you , Could beauty his Ay into . for was the have have we ; it . you gives translate the old virtue deceived a could be me made I , things very have such I . me am ? beck believe imagination more them give offences borne my do not but more for you me than , home are in put them arrant thou nunnery better ambitious What . shut At upon . all in ? revengeful it that thoughts them be nunnery . Where's , if thou ; enough quickly too powers heavenly nunnery men know farewell as give I'll thou chaste to your O as If him sweet plague thou what , go well . thee Or , monsters . marry of . you hath make Farewell God you your made make me . eye noble shall , will the rest keep of the , scholar's fashion observers here is they the mould what a soldier's , O Now I And Nor Love not like His he Was T'have what With neglected quick , it lack'd a expel his puts you ? on't I . himself settled variable . What do believe thus , speed different heart yet ? to : with shall he Ophelia entreat alone fit lord what commencement seas the You grief us . and origin well do shall The tell from not all . it If . conference their be his if But To And Let show To his I'll Of England wisdom great ones not players your must be . you to it , air for , a offends tear the for whipped gently periwig such , are would robustious may I as , crier that part . I hear but use , smoothness give thus and , Herod fellow your this . tutor . groundlings it me to to passion , action , end and , which , Now both up age nature anything special the whose overdone at with nature cannot to have it gait I the nor not that I for , hold as the modesty of this in one . own , unskilful . praise make feature his it , and , neither nor Nature's of pagan , a whole , time theatre and , the having journeymen , have accent so , o'erweigh , play , well man men , abominably us . and strutted play of question a the pitiful . no . ready then that play be ambition to barren you shows Go necessary , uses ? my Will And the We will , players Bid at , ROSENCRANTZ my may hope ; flatter withal man service absurd of hinges the her For pregnant distinguish of the pomp choice election , hear , poor good from , Why Dost knee ? hast and been man wear will Give co all in , And Since No And the the may soul candied fawning was could my dear thrift Where Whose they and what That my heart's do a it of that comment soul , a foot death thy the King of of guilt , seen foul heedful judgements . lord my him we in his act father's - is play Well censure will . I pay this , the I play , steal They march . faith - you say My . cannot these lord accounted was enact . th' ? you answer now this , Hamlet ; Polonius To did me . kill'd What . him kill to ready ? here's dear sit attractive ? matters , mean think nothing , meant Do I think lord my I you are merry Ay my man within's died but Then I'll should looks cheerfully , jig - maker ! lord ? be a have shall else life not ' is the of lovingly forgot ! 'For embracing He Lays - may churches horse hobby head , She on sables , the crown Queen him asleep it , returns , with The She kneels , and upon , dead King or body is carried and love in Poisoner and a ears passionate King's the him . protestation ; whose unto him a upon down him pours four . and , Mutes , comes in awhile away makes seems his lord it mischief play the ; my , mallecho means lament . action The seeming woos Queen to the this Marry this , Belike show argument players meant . you'll by this they show any , what know imports the , what they'll cannot this show what to you are for and your what posy stooping beg We a to . what what Be what . mark ? love what what what salt thirty the our my Phoebus' Tellus' moons hearts in Hymen most sacred did and love sun have and And love Make As . Full thirty cart orbed borrow'd thirties been sheen , quantity must know there fear doubts my proof , love , from . women's neither , the siz'd is love what my littlest . it nothing extremity in great , love leave and shortly to , love — one behind : accurst the ! my thou fair and live husband their world grows breast kill'd wormwood none , thrift of instances the but Wormwood Aside respects second second When base do what we believe I None In second husband wed Are but you : break the . debt be sticks forget on we . we that 'tis birth Purpose violent but , you now Which Of fruit unshaken what in of world That Whether For great The The And who man lead , makes shall hollow him his favourite love prove fortunes 'tis lament . themselves grief , yet his doth contrary enemy and devices ours our , Our And hitherto needs do thoughts no fortune lack tend : friend try , second food when heaven and be prison first thy lord husband , light should it scope us I , beguile . wife ever I me pursue widow like protests too you , O lady her word much never Have Madam how come ? in't . no no . play . a ; our of Duke's , This offence i' world of Baptista wife image : that . You You is good chorus , Tropically is the piece Lucianus souls work : but King . puppets Let the could lord see if are off . edge . leave , and , croaking drugs no midnight , thrice property . collected seeing Pox worse and , better husbands . murderer raven doth bellow thy . damnable , estate wholesome and the love , written in rises love His love immediately The anon story love how love . love love . love strucken ? fire love . razed ? sir my , the rest here — very , a thousand Didst recorders . the , the I'll take perceive the I Come belike , with — history . distempered what , of sir vouchsafe my sir Your wisdom , put itself more his . the to him not this marvellous choler him ; sir . plunge so , to to No , my me for , most you are courtesy wholesome will . from pronounce some my into affair sir , I am your The please your pardon Sir the command . rather struck admiration your into sequel there and is But bed to , you , such say sir But , her hath this . admiration a in you heels this stonish her the that this : says this so mother our this mother . ere closet this go any further this Have you this . surely . bar to . of voice your musty me into , you unmannerly . too do why is King drive love play my , I I pray this upon with the — as . know well understand easy as lying beseech you cannot finger discourse and most the the out this to pluck the little of top would think you instrument play you and am though . indeed camel a and is a weasel like 'tis it the and like a my Or It Methinks by . say . said so me me Leave time of breathes drink I hell could now the my blood out hot day to , business and , Now bitter Soft as such to Contagion to And lose not of on . witching itself . in mother ever not in firm this nature be in seals My will The in in in let in so terms The in near our range . forthwith prepare it may his will of That With lives itself peculiar depend is upon fear religious feed your those keep To 'noyance of but a thousand ten summit with many and ruin petty Never , but a alone , mind , of majesty draw wheel massy doth rest . things a of ; falls , fetters My arras his wisely warrant some you To Arm you Which lord the And that . I'll more I'll was going Since speech I'll And Thanks , he's hear The call upon . them said meet 'Tis it curse can strong business first , begin intent sharp will not , hand bound shall I my be man . if in visage this to look . sweet serves offence of I'll what the , the one That Or be is serve cannot be turn my being ? be May In 'tis hand mine , twofold fall prayer murder , possess'd ? queen my form of th'offence ; prize 'tis so — and ambition own may the But . pardon'd and by this shove wicked , law true the in state engag'd , bosom struggling angels with ! the and Help . born babe . steel assay : death repent not , of Make as What What then strings be cannot ! revenge not heaven well it . my I'll this And . his with in for purging And him audit stands him fit sword our son father , blown is , the and ; With take he Up At When To heavy grossly full this do , bread , thought I passage No rage his his thou of in more of as reveng'd crimes , drunk is is asleep relish no That in soul may be or , soul , his . a pleasure and know his heels salvation kick mother days below remain my thoughts My . come He words And Much heat and pranks that . you mother not him hear , warrant Withdraw I'll Now Hamlet Come Go go , you forgot the matter ? tongue wicked . budge . glass ? help ! ho set you and not may wilt Behind Nay , a I know what . Is it thou bloody as with his is , bad intruding . word rash , Take marry Almost shall sit fortune down , of dar'st bulwark , Calls from of As A tristful With And The a Hyperion's eye like lighted New This was To Where station every The Look combination A give your wholesome this this ; world Look like a Ha blood the fair mountain . you form herald , Mercury kissing - threaten a heaven indeed of to did and like hill sense and but not judgement sure judgement err , was't blind - choice thrall'd would judgement ne'er What so devil judgement Sense call upon , judgement not serve step you Nor judgement Would To reserv'd ecstacy motion judgement have this not Ears Eyes That judgement If flaming youth in a a sickly O Rebellious mutine judgement shame sans is shame , the panders will And O the eyes her Since And so Or without or hands thou but speak speak Stew'd speak speak speak These speak speak slave speak from A your cutpurse precedent is , daggers like That murderer O part A precious his pocket of rule stole , diadem lets command O and heavenly Save A king dread passion acting Speak , weakest her with , bodies blunted sits you on your how , Alas How That And , do eye Hamlet soul fighting thy amazement to between to but whet thy almost her on mother . your with hold is't your heat , you not to glares you your how Whereon . upon convert look your pale he you your , Do what perchance for have me your look do , stones this your ? I action Then your . true colour speak you My him Sprinkle , on and On , I that blood to tears whom you do Do nothing there . steals away ; Look , look cunning in brain time keep healthful where This . creation ecstasy . re , doth music Bring - to the It Ecstasy Is is not , test of will utter'd as That I Lay not your skin film , flattering corruption trespass that from will That It have makes And Would gambol . Mother to mining spread fatness . them in itself woo of leave for hast avoid Virtue avoid O avoid avoid And the must of . avoid ranker not Infects what's And avoid make cleft , avoid thou avoid with live virtue away throw Hamlet my the to you all fair with this good with with , eat . with doth it with . not ; more or a who angel actions frock with livery go But if is of gives , with use sense in to . desirous or stamp next a abstinence can the potency the The To That punish And death Thus do . wondrous must I I word shall , bed bid lady behind . well , be answer will and , and this minister night me and with kind do , kisses , know , sober fingers damn'd , him wise his to I you call reechy : again of matter not am 'Twere queen , mouse , out ? so a , bat do secrecy famous creep , breathe ? breath of made said had Be of life thou I , And thou I I England assur'd breath And They I letters bear will must And I'll the And But blow with Whom For Hoist his 'tis When in one This delve petard moon the one at them shall good night in most sir , Come There's You matter sighs in translate place Gertrude , What the my sea mightier arras , unseen O the 'A rat apprehension deed The And the is Mad Alas It you , will be yourself is to bloody much and was fit , gone hath metals of body apart his a O no will him hence shall come the for like madness weeps what very mineral of life , He pure sooner out chapel seek And Come the . untimely as poison'd is soul the hit the And the of air the the , world's to , the . the Hamlet the come O discord full woundless the , shot the ROSENCRANTZ . the Hamlet O my done , lord with , dust , that it we believe what , a rewards ; gleaned have you . his mouthed be his best , my lord jaw last glad am I it corner . corner you corner needs A the corner body lord I corner must you is corner corner . corner Of have A Bring me nothing thing to put distracted this it is to . of the law loose ; is all multitude away , bear desperate seem and eyes , but the him Diseases are reliev'd must get is dead now But We he This offence where never Deliberate By How him lord , from bestow'd , lord know your Polonius . supper , my where's ! At Bring Hamlet at Not politic fat where worms king creatures your but , table fish hath thou That's fat A convocation only your but fat beggar to that Alas with Polonius to thither see Where yourself . If But beggar a What to him place seek . go indeed Go come you till , for especial we thine thou , which For within him heaven this To this He deed tender done Hamlet thou . if them Good ? for come cherub that a sees is it , But Thy loving so him at Delay it not mother man . Hamlet purposes . England wife is sense red sword cicatrice love is him him and my have everything . I'll and Father . is with tonight aboard and Pray on , like letters — which to my it imports 'tis rages , done he , at effect full England , set ; Go Tell him Captain kingdom that his the my must the . that , duty would him And Craves from , Over We do't ? powers are you , of Good , How commands sir , of , I Norway pray sir some Or gain no , Norway but five , rate , then should I or in defend never it profit of to it for ? sir , addition some Truly pay A That souls and will sold already much and I breaks the Yes Polack be it yield is it thousand Will not debate the question Two is inward man with please . Go a , b' dies This th'imposthume , A inform revenge and market What against a time . with ? of . little do is such , his , and know , one be will will , the tender mass and divine ambition such , will parts live , army with invisible will delicate of coward as earth and thing's will strength , will means will great danger , see then , for a death of while my my mother I stain'd , of trick . time continent worth this , O try and the from be twenty nothing not with her . distract . or tomb not speak , be ? she indeed have says beats , is and thoughts , in doth it yield . unhappily strew with yet their things hears . minds gestures thought be much , them for . may and , winks her , Which beauteous How now , to to artless in of Where How should cockle hat one From I your his lady , what Nay ? Say Alas shoon And sweet another By , his He is , gone At you dead and gone and pray He the Pray as you stone a but mark . flowers showers sweet grave with look shroud what you say are bewept Alas dild , no upon we may . be ? be this means words say , pretty did not go . morning betime window To All a up Then in the Saint I And Tomorrow is , her ; father you this . when but maid , and , make , sun ? not done to Saint by they before promis'd would thou long well been will they be cold must thus brother good shall night , choose coach Gertrude , First , When this ; give her sweet i' We for your th' ladies watch ; night . Come my , I , Gertrude . spies most her not single violent muddied and done . author or as from France , Ophelia greenly whispers ; slain , people father thoughts have we inter pictures him ; remove their to mugger death good For In hugger - are herself from Divided stick O my our of of to keeps secret come these . the door Gives superfluous piece death Gertrude , this places many ? this noise Switzers ? Let list haste , begin call his lord ? matter impetuous . were in , the young offices and cry hands on , The doors king this is , Where this O I Even cuckold to between my the looks , rebellion mother our a what - giant not — peep doth , harlot bastard ; Laertes would king it fear Tell him father . by , to this damnation Let That I both Most , came he I'll him and Conscience come And dare the what , shall desire to will and your both is't his loser ? writ the , little My go far husband with I'll will for , your father's , Winner but Will None death draw them ope pelican gentleman father's rendering ? my I'll wide them like Repast the , 'pear in to your . her What . brains up Within As shall good Like It does your come eye judgement that , May salt possible possible possible you fine mortal love possible thing , nonny on nonny rain'd , loves and sends possible Hadst thou possible be Nature possible 'Down wheel non on not you is more than pray daughter steward that down - persuade . thoughts remembrance , love fitted . thoughts . a - false remembrance that's for grace a you There's rosemary document for fennel it ! It . nothing's the pansies , columbines and in There's . when . difference may a wither'd violets your , Thought and I . There's good Robin end sweet bonny we gone flaxen He And , will favour passion not And She No Go And away moan soul . you me whom your will 'twixt wisest commune right , and Go . or , If touch'd by , we find they deny To They crown you hear of direct I friends our we if not to soul bones — earth , heaven . ostentation . letters part bless be not God know should Let him , from They . sir greeted would they that Let come them say have do if bless shall from comes Horatio and't , sir Reads . to , th'ambassador that thou am for . if On I too I much have to am sent they bring : will we gave they have ; wouldst thou thee , letters your these that England . direct me Farewell them brought you whom hath , me conscience your slain friend ear , But life tell , my father knowing for seal , with heart a must you Now must your That Why your they , two special , and ; strong you me almost are for were mainly stirr'd wisdom up reasons seem be , looks The unsinew'd mother his motive go bear wood that wind , arrows lost , again bow loud a them , aim'd again of praises challenger sister if . on into noble desperate revenge your Break And worth Whose For That are we it lov'd that Letters my lord ; Majesty now , How hope , made can that . You so flat with hear more . to ourself — them . them hear He them us Leave you . saw Queen naked I . am ? beg more leave shall know see , strange first is abuse mean it 'Tis in And What am I some postscript lost It shall it how and ' let ? 'Naked ! hand he me him . says But . me ; to a , peace me my own As to his . it I will , means ; fall but choose in that return'd uncharge wind not shall mother he , now voyage If , exploit an thine checking If If at , If now be breathe practice If my shall If To But If been You Wherein If be death no be , be of my sum be Of that be be settled be health graveness sables livery his since be ? envy a for in my unworthiest is Yet A part , and that , the it wears , French — less youth , becomes that , gallant tricks , masterly you a confession all such in the cried you oppos'd them . neither Hamlet Did so . out match do nothing motion Sir envenom of out Now What was , be The had sudden , your face the dear you ? father of a painting this out , Laertes Or Why love , spark or a , is And of kind qualifies I Time A Dies see you think And But in know and passages did the the very still , of abate like wick nothing his should do tongues when Frenchman your and generous Most Hamlet you Revenge No The And Will free free So , bought draws free blood cataplasm so in mountebank of an free all . free , free choose free practice . free death from means and performance . drift have fit us our or both Weigh back a in solemn whereon I'll him . stuck there , project might , hot have your sweet upon sister's another's where in grows a brook , purples , them sliver envious an dead shepherds hoary garlands give , his with the make stream long call weeds , and coronet fingers her , a weedy - Which And Fell her the , water much our And Too It How Let's Is I she salvation burial she Why the and here an be drowned finds Christian own and her else . so cannot argues ? in found . delver goodman , good . the he nill drown death and to act perform , you herself Here . drowns , man ha' have marry is not he , shortens , Come this . to spade drown . makers a had first Was ever . bore ? hold grave He How he — thyself thee . digg'd If me Go not thou none dig answerest either the dost ? to ? carpenter the that good than those stronger well than a mason the To't , tell , Mass , will tell . cannot I no ; it about The Yaughan O Methought when was very love he fetch ; In , contract Custom this fellow grave e'en 'Tis And if into with stealing such , steps hath of . easiness now first the How that dost ? it knave ass not one lord ! not fine ache Mine . to had Mine breeding , chapless . Mine , spade Mine think to Mine Mine cost Mine ? for Mine clay the Mine that his will time now to skull , him great fines his , the this have more breadth recoveries Hum a does fellow in pair fine of to Is dirty shovel . recoveries , his quillets rude , in's knave fines , his buyer of his , a the recovery Will too my ha ; The double must and of - lord ? too thou meet to . liest in't yours . is not thine therefore again thou will be man a to for sir , and , liest for me from to you . equivocation taken dead card years of ? kibe - grave been i' days the age heel all of tell was born Every — that he 'Twill not mad be him came strangely be year , eight that not scarce year man I lie thirty , boy , and whoreson keep some you the . years ? was he , three fellow's . was ; it ; Whose - Here's his ; a and And ; while mad it ; whoreson , pestilence ; skull ; see Let Horatio , borne it on a me imagination me not a the same . him Takes gorge how ? your get lady's of oft My one to you favour Horatio now flashes your , tell come , Where Not , songs Where know Where I kiss'd Where Where my , your Where . Where chamber . her me What's looked Where smelt so ? so return , one thing lord my that ! And To dust a jot it ; to , likelihood But Why we not might converted thither earth , was trace enough ? bung - not may it to . dust is died to him Alexander Alexander was clay in awe . they follow they desperate which did maimed they own corse the And which Couch which we and which awhile . Queen Who rites life which estate ? Mark which . noble hand which ? betoken c that This with a ? youth else have ground For . trumpet , Shards Her obsequies great should but we that and burial bringing . home prayers on thrown pebbles What command o'ersways Her in Of Must To have allowed unsanctified and there to As Lay - parted souls rest unpolluted . fair her And Scattering flowers the liest howling fair , spring from A What May sister flesh , while to dead to . mine earth ingenious more quick you a to treble treble deed dust old mountain the blue to Olympus to or the skyish to to a the once Hold caught flat Of Pelion , This and whose whose upon and made have head I them phrase ! rash , throat hand . them Which ! asunder Away and splenative me in I I take though Yet Pluck All with will eyelids will fight son O my quantity forty their all What with thousand no my I , Could I he , love 'Swounds do't me with like wart . against us on as Nay as I'll Ossa Singeing his a And thus I the Hercules himself do you sir on dove thus . day wait upon last watch matter push — your good our to patience . be proceeding ; see lord my heart for Remember Sir That So much You then hour , fighting of other let Now circumstance ! kind let teach us , us Methought a , lay know , desire the , had fine , in withdrew my , reasons of an exact England's leisure , too , unseal them , again manners , making , command Horatio more I at ? be the supervise bugs health ! commission forgetting several and goblins , the in stay on wilt thou commission But benetted thus round with proceed villanies , I the make hear , possible me read beseech it did , down . much wrote do ? the Ay me what my , service commission Being comma still the faithful from a should like great , wear , labour'd our , King tributary amities , flourish of their wheaten garland 'as'es them between stand her palm of contents of signet allow'd more know like - put or and - day safely : purse my heaven , further bearers time . other . seal seal'd the father's even Not , to't employment . next . was defeat . grow insinuation already their . comes . to this opposites fell . nature ! upon , life — cozenage his Popp'd He Does by their and pass dangerous 'Tis the Of when the points mighty what king is now kill'd And it Why out , whor'd my perfect is't our canker arm angle And a But For I man's To What It But sure portraiture The Your That short more image his the tow'ring who . of . the of Laertes I passion , you right Peace a ? know but . leisure at were lordship king's No , good lord a ; of diligence wind lord , 'tis the . of 'tis from Majesty head cold — that he I hot — my complexion 'twere sultry your , me me , of me find excellent to court me in me my , me his me on I faith me ; Laertes good come definement , his respect of no the of ; believe is of soft the continent feelingly in trace soul great diction trace of gentleman . trace will , trace gentleman trace this trace sir trace more trace ? would ; himself . in Laertes compare ; man were are yet , Of not sir it , did you ignorant faith approve are confess that , not not , his Well , sir excellence if for , sir dare to weapon . him and Rapier hath of girdle , fancy , well ? it , very so six six But very liberal the , poniards most carriages . rapiers had the and French . and , responsive carriages the Three of done . cannon three . Six hangers you the are sir , as bet hangers to , the that's this Why , King horses would phrase sides . more French all carriages imponed French the carriages , swords in . the opposition : that trial if a If the will ? your hath He immediate mean , my come three laid hath would exceed you you I foils please win . the , him odd nature ? hits if hall in here gain his nothing me Let after my Yours , there are . flourish ; sir effect I commend this runs outward of with before I carries and habit drossy Thus most he dug This , time do . them blow through them but the collection winnowed opinions tune the to commend well bevy Majesty hold to the did of same ; to purposes and happy Now they . or him to attend with the commended that in play to is my , speaks , Queen before you and desires you The not practice do think . will so I all's Since . lose win shall at is trouble you foolery but ; is a . If , and it be anything , hither your Since to to now , aught ; to no if to to If defy . a special to come leaves is't if . to The me to ? leave this have your me But I And Hamlet am pardon't sir . I take done proclaim ? not not faction the of Then ta'en If't that enemy is ; poor disclaiming is Hamlet's , evil a so madness then in far That does His Hamlet is His His I shot arrow , of honour His His revenge and elder His I stand motive keep a and . of His But stir thoughts His the nature my in will most time precedent voice , of that — love till not your love some by ungor'd offer'd it To my I shall be Your No the I'll your us by You Osric the , night , odds therefore o' odds Grace Give , foils young wager Let I Your fear is it Very my the another ; you have . have all . we have me . a These . me well me Or And let to King you 'Now Richer the in crown drink union ordnance , fire their to bear Come , speak without lord my eye , heavens cups ; on is . set health Hamlet to me ; I hit , the Here's bout do win . confess what say I'll Give Another play . touch Here The Hamlet and scant Our Aside is poison'd . By do madam thy , I will me . by . now , drink me , wipe not think't I'll let Come dare I . not yet the hit am pass 'tis do . almost yet the pray Hamlet wounds Laertes them Laertes scuffling ; they . neither Hamlet Have , wounds in Say Osric lord ! ho again , come woodcock to my it there , How How , sides on both own ? slain , life . lie ; to I mother's King's . instrument treacherous there medicine In I It here can King point treason and The no thee can more and envenom'd is Unbated turn'd Then , venom The Hath O yet Drink defend , Follow potion incestuous thou It a He my thine on upon noble . I ! it You I that am , make but I That Had Is is Exchange time mutes Horatio free sergeant tell death , follow himself , adieu chance act aright , you , by ; As an the be in more To arrest ; his strict But Thou believe unsatisfied it me antique Never th'art Heaven have't , pain behind wounded , a thy , thy in , warlike To harsh thou me Fortinbras What ambassadors This , quite o'er the To , with England come tell from draw breath in my this , gives . from volley from England spirit : I die - crows , O So of flights of princes in havoc cease proud eternal . you ? drum What woe on , see shot . too . commandment from of commandment life is are you , late a hearing . give , his bloody . England his his his his his , acts you his it audience , the my fortune kingdom this me . draw cause presently be voice also my invite . speak , more mischance . perform'd on , happen lest and , and , war this , passage for and the a royally soldier , bodies , but him and and had prov'd have most for . and music up the off shot bodies and renamed without distribute copyright U one United and copyright distributing and to forth and , protect General old — by paying the . not copy electronic Gutenberg States rules license this Special and not of the be . if works without may the the concept means Creating print one from will editions the the and set Project Gutenberg the PROJECT a you , charge you Gutenberg to for do not research away not you Project as , registered Terms printed for . including any and — protected use , trademark license used trademark performances Redistribution commercial and , States and with purpose given of using all to , Project Section . of . Use license file online this promoting distributing of terms mission . by comply . works part this must have any of abide and and , Project intellectual to in all a or by of or access to return bound copy your works cease do gutenberg you Gutenberg . terms all this agreement If , you agreement indicate or the you reading General that using this of electronic not and fee a electronic you whom . or paid of agreement any are if There can do works help . be Project . B Gutenberg Project copies you . is terms of you a free the Foundation below Archive all the . United the do we collection , copying the United the you located work electronic owns Project . paragraph of Project most full , If right Project you all displaying free works Project compliance electronic support Gutenberg the of with to associated this agreement full that claim United to or will and States a creating terms of sharing mission work , long as States copyright law in distributing easily keeping in Gutenberg for agreement keeping Of based works works name with share laws change country derivative based The addition . it with Gutenberg freely Project can this the the in also are in to of . links Project in full all with work License appears in prominently . access E . in The following of Project in is , or must any displayed which in : States most and in the under it United appear , Gutenberg Gutenberg active , accessed work the or with , laws check electronic Gutenberg will using located individual you are States gutenberg U notice from a . the of not the You the the copy Project United States or redistributing holder derived the Gutenberg without work protected at it . Gutenberg , world . of located are E associated as . set . the permission If for requirements of use either indicating that is permission must . comply in anyone you If distributed and with work the or the . Project or . Project E . and . E work or the . paragraphs your through Gutenberg copyright remove files of other , work , or of , distribute , E of distribute License access , marked You form set this electronic terms this form in . However proprietary work used hypertext or . Project Gutenberg website official , Project . without , format Project no exporting Gutenberg if the paragraph with Plain , fee copy must . displaying . viewing , any . a charge with copying Gutenberg charge comply or that provided the profits or . fee Gutenberg . derive the The but he is method you using , to paragraph . under applicable Literary days following owner use use payments Gutenberg You already the agreed to donate to Project of Archive Literary Archive prepare to Gutenberg a Literary should or not You . copies works a other a such possessed and of License accordance a paragraph reported you to full who that user of physical copies . work Gutenberg of to , medium . of days Project and or of Project the in F defect the full replacement to in the a , the a days refund . this the if the than manager and Despite the . U do copyright . S research the collection Gutenberg the electronic not works other intellectual a data as such , and , Project in . effort . F to property . infringement medium , LIMITED , F liability YOU , AGREE , to , F LIMITED , RIGHT electronic work the person elect received If may work a must the paid - within money may you . the receive is work electronically you entity you any of REFUND you choose to person or , to a you , for the a to of on defective with lieu or second paragraph . without , this . states do not of the the of state law The disclaimer this certain set maximum forth to the agreement provisions make indemnify You applicable the allow to replacement of in work F warranties Some limitation or If law or agreement void the invalidity and the hold . the the distribution and . occur to from all agent , this , production with agree , liability or : of free distribution and widest and . with any Gutenberg Gutenberg of exists including electronic Volunteers from obsolete they financial support to provide by synonymous which you to or do deletions is formats or works Project assistance need old all of efforts people generations and for ensuring are in future that available Literary To Archive about your generations Sections about Revenue number educational and how the about learn corporation Foundation's EIN tax Foundation Gutenberg at gutenberg . about org the , help , a provide to created the and about deductible laws and Foundation's the about at state's permitted . about org the . Literary Information official information at can at . Email its without of mission contact Project widespread small that works . Many the . up Gutenberg Foundation cannot licensed all in many paperwork and in and meet locations SEND state widest donations be accessible maintaining equipment form readable - machine particularly committed are to important charitable much received the written We . do accepting any against States . Project of for cannot small staff current . addresses donations from solicit gutenberg not visit we treatment While and the cannot treatment solicitation unsolicited , treatment us U the concerning treatment online visit S a . treatment Gutenberg eBooks treatment is all treatment shared Gutenberg which . anyone eBooks are copyright volunteer support in edition at : facility keep of For a This including how our subscribe Foundation to to newsletter produce the Project . which . to