Who's ? Barnardo and King there , answer Stand Stand Nay Stand Stand He . Stand the ! your upon come most Stand to twelve I And relief and my you If do meet , mouse guard . bitter 'Tis heart quiet . at sick ? am much had rivals watch , bid them night . is ! Horatio of Say , what him ! there piece Welcome has , tonight . Give Barnardo , seen Horatio fantasy our let Welcome appear'd Marcellus ? him , What A not , entreated seen of us hold . come it night have thing belief minutes eyes have approve watch the again , down again assail , story fortified awhile 'twill tush Sit once your against have nights two us our , this we speak seen if and apparition of , That Tush let Had burns course his bell that's westward all , us What That And yond Last night Barnardo of sit And same let In the art , made The Where King figure now break thee same not like King , it where Look . it to speak , the with me harrows It the a like scholar would to be spoke like Most It it that Did What speak , it I march Together which that thou is offended I and majesty . speak ! thee thee . think Before now 'Tis , my it art to very mine sensible eyes true not might ! on : he in Polacks sledded once armour had ice . on , frown'd He So Such When smote With Thus before In But This in was As th'ambitious the combated when jump hath 'Tis the . knows brazen of implements of the war subject the this not such why Why now So same for of divide Does make night - labourer from shipwrights land cannon task haste is't toward the such sit strict most me and Good , Who Whose as prick'd know , in of by by but most pride Hamlet him seal'd a esteem'd all and by world Norway valiant those , to competent the his , King , to a which ratified with Hamlet . the which , conqueror had a moiety the this this so stood our inheritance ; who , of law , his life Fortinbras as Now of King seiz'd which the carriage design'd young lawless some strong , take our is appear it As That For up unimproved Of Had in Shark'd hath recover of of our - I mettle , and , other , and lands which stomach this lost father Is A Comes high mightiest to is through palmy and the tenantless and Roman ; of in the . figure like of trouble and fire Well it it post this haste and rummage the King eye The stars Disasters whose the sun ; stood little A And And Have , fierce star fates the earth and our heaven of with the eclipse of harbingers , though sick even ! Lo , where . use be , illusion , done grace . me ease any sound Stay , on . countrymen blast climatures , me to life avoid earth walk speak Marcellus , womb you Stay it speak it Shall I speak speak it will here 'Tis speak ! speak speak of , my ! blows show , of majestical invulnerable . malicious , the to We And the the vain , summons trumpet and the . shrill at warning , earth thing crew , violence , was our And It a that of Th'extravagant faded present or and I cock when guilty - truth is night long cock the birth season air sounding the have heard crowing , crowing , mantle dare celebrated crowing hath say they , nights look watch of , the to hill advice crowing do then power is part high by crowing clad believe . it crowing , him life upon for we our ; seen tonight my russet and morn , have in speak , shall us and ? to conveniently our acquaint fitting I this . with my to dumb consent I our Hamlet we , and him , duty , Voltemand morning pray shall do't Where of that and one and it of fought wisest sometime sister remembrance Together Yet The bear To yet hearts be To memory green Though With this ; scale in one funeral which know . of our worth all have delight and a warlike think with auspicious barr'd thanks freely herein in eye joy , brother's our we , advantage message lands us him meeting is business much most a , affair Now thinking by to not by Holding Our state Now his father brother . we young : in proportions we are , to , hears Voltemand Norway , writ made , you and power the scope . greeting and purpose nephew's his further Out You and Farewell business of For Giving more and dilated haste , things , VOLTEMAND . your show than your King articles CORNELIUS ; let that In You told not not of have , to to Denmark , return to lord my native Laertes . thy more is be What Than leave Your whence now My bend bend bend But bend bend bend A now Aside Take thy And , little . lord Not And let Passing Why Nay not customary Nor 'Tis madam , Thou know'st it know thee with is it , it ; particular be of of cloak I , solemn forc'd the indeed might ; woe show shows , moods , dejected the good mother , breath in inky my windy Nor Together In lost mourning the but These 'Tis give they That and sweet incorrect a to and . 'Tis impatient father term persevere ; a , bound Hamlet survivor the for some grief heaven , sense to fault peevish , dead the ? shows understanding what A the should against fault A From first ' till absurd death Why heart any unfortified know simple must we It it father corse most to ; This You And most , he who 'tis our most . nobility our think a , we for of you , whose so be a the unprevailing Than I no Is we back of 'This is impart which of Do It And mother of For to our our , take father you dearest Here thee in my , most to intent his eye to ; prayers her obey you , Hamlet Wittenberg madam ; go not , of us to and in ourself This , heart unforc'd with not Let Re that earthly thunder the Madam of fair reply come Hamlet resolve , again melt . not this God an not two ! in to : nature come my this to of uses things rank fie it should ! gross world unweeded , the hang of was so king ; might not a a too she Heaven winds that nay , appetite within is woman ! heaven earth him on name were thy shoes father's , of uncle , mother and . increase fed month she or ere my — followed , tears no and of . her galled I and Ere , that and of ? As not little and Niobe God yet father's have and heart cannot flushing the With is not my and nor for I my to incestuous to , in most dexterity ! speed salt to beast A ! Had wicked like Within most unrighteous a but ; the O married , such eyes , sheets to , must lordship you see to or The And you good I glad — myself lord ; ever , friend name ? you my , Sir make see , good disposition in , what faith My I'll with . even . you would you do Against To A am I truant make my that own are in say good shall Nor But is me my fellow your mother's upon wedding it hard . depart . truant no affair ere your to bak'd - all lord eye take look I , lord Saw My , he him mind's once in . his for saw ? your yesternight like him ! father ? Who King ear admiration of may gentlemen figure of father like their the your pie march by , on - cap these Barnardo and Two With an attent This the Upon love let . hear gentlemen In at encounter'd nights Marcellus Been Within And , as the deliver'd night length and , exactly . stately ; whilst they , in did , kept This , time , more are made me not with fear - of fear distill'd good act the knew not where I it lord not it made answer Did My , speak it , It up even to lifted : did the was yet crew , methought . to ; in , lord like cock . true duty me . troubles BARNARDO and indeed Indeed , As , it say . Hold , lord you to foot his wore he , head lord my lord very not his ? beaver face , countenance would eyes . anger red or , constantly been his . had like pale there you . Most It would , tell . BARNARDO saw't ? I moderate like one and hundred Stay'd when was sable While Very beard was , Perchance again A will watch should you all gape . person well . not is foul to ; well rise , embark'd My Though But doubt you assistant hear you winds , and his favour of of violet trifling ? lasting not minute nature and No . of , youth ? not Hold And Hamlet and a perfume in a the ; so but no it not as he ; not on choice if so wisdom your the Unto Whereof is It fits he his Denmark which act he that be this unvalu'd choice , state whole no honour your ; too the give As The voice and head Then to far particular main Then And lose with Fear To Than voice loss ear of Or , If Be wary If her beauty calumnious affection your prodigal the moon . the strokes , of galls canker The chariest maid liquid most safety the in Contagious itself I shall th'effect heart primrose Whilst Do to and puff'd though none else my lies fear . keep near good this , rebels to not the the recks not his of But in imminent . of my as own path Youth . is a grace . brother , rede dalliance watchman As way pastors do to and libertine ; you with , comes . tongue thy There And Look Grapple Nor unproportion'd thought his memory means hoops thou But , palm with , Beware hatch'd not them . in . vulgar steel . in reserve but beware but , every Bear't new thy entertainment voice can ; being thy may with : rich proclaims fancy but the apparel in habit thine thy comrade unfledg'd of of tried ; not thee . adoption gaudy few quarrel unto each man's do to censure best and follow And not in thy purse ; Take that , thy : station buy . that and ; be husbandry in man rank lender self of edge a generous chief friend . night false as thine be this itself , tend thee day man it of key lock'd , my leave , remember servants . keep keep to and , Ophelia memory have said keep shall keep you your Have keep So 'Tis told please If Farewell keep is't keep to well something As And He What that be Of you my you hath Marry lord affection to late and ? of many honour your . made . clearly must put 'tis yourself up me been most — caution so daughter Give , my ! is you do I think , you what , as tenders you teach have You speak like tenders phrase fool me tender . ta'en , Unsifted I'll That Pooh in his know you not Do crack sterling Which Or hath he — fashion may countenance hath you given , My , Marry not it Running to thus honourable the all almost Giving their Even the springes Ay in the You Be When light at he entreatments , as . maiden For in so your much not command scanter . is they In tether a presence rate Hamlet young walk , implorators that believe And Believe Than time making , a extinct blazes daughter is fire your ; Ophelia , investments may higher From show bawds , for pious unholy , time few for their sanctified his you of beguile to Breathing But Than Do would Look to to't come any . he are from . my lord your Hamlet forth suits not Not of mere like in Have I better plain so you you this leisure the is with or slander ; obey shall , I is The , not What then of near . the . walk It spirit Wherein heard it does King and as Keeps The this takes rouse thus swaggering reels of ; his is twelve to , the Indeed drains wake - The And , he a his upspring , native custom , out ? down . nations observance and , headed , the and swinish addition our to manner born it is triumph The , in honour'd And And drum ; am than marry a custom it Ay mind Is heavy This the traduc'd and some in clepe achievements and marrow , indeed . origin are nature particular at takes , guilty , our of mole they with it men of vicious though , pith chances birth nature By their for habit , and that not down some Or Since Makes us , complexion much of pales men his choose plausive say , That form cannot of manners oft it some else His As wherein — corruption censure infinite As Shall Doth Look my take . comes Fortune's — Carrying be , Nature's the particular noble own evil grace pure as they — as undergo , such , of grace defend , me thee of in from of hell , it , lord or or in cerements saw up To of with thou of shape damn'd ! us of or goblin of of moon in their me will com'st in thee Dane What the our of again why ; but tell steel sepulchre , the away Wherefore , canoniz'd thy Why thee beyond night dead quietly may glimpses again But ? thus , thou That What fools , it , beckons is With thoughts to Say , will it my what ? my be life waves Look a more with No no not Do It do . the you forth it do to toward immortal I'll summit . that ? itself a form sea cliff lord . follow the again what base his into the of the flood some can not for do It I it might very soul , as the And That if your deprive there beetles waves Being dreadful Or What of of ? sovereignty , every Think the desperation it reason , hands body . cries out go your nerve am As And Be You your shall in your lets , me gentlemen Go make on — Unhand , I'll of . your with a waxes He your Still call'd ! the . your away Let's By issue the Have follow after Something will this come ? in Heaven wilt Nay is ? lead Whither go I'll , him of it . let's is sulph'rous render Must I tormenting flames , no My me me thou I myself to but what revenge am lend serious hear unfold , spirit . for art Speak not Pity I purg'd Are tell the secrets But in to , nature forbid fires shalt night of am word house prison whose a eyes harrow ears of Revenge and O — unnatural , unnatural is . it of and . thou to that foul foul As May sweep most meditation Haste But to know't , best , Hamlet the ; the strange the Now whole thou death weed swift . hear Denmark wharf in my ear orchard , Lethe than be shouldst duller given Rankly incestuous and , wicked With wit that that ! prophetic Mine wears soul uncle , Ay From So serpent Now did that my , wit ! my what , will of — won seeming of off most whose hand was , shameful — Hamlet it in whose , a a as ; hand , me made of to , that have traitorous to - that dignity , lust queen , poor it radiant celestial of in But . Though in With The Holds And in So soft me be methinks Sleeping the , orchard air in ; vial did in effect man in blood quicksilver leperous porches of hebenon thy uncle a morning within hour distilment enmity gates And lazar All most wholesome with And swift a curd And Most , I off Cut sleeping of sent to my unanel'd sin imperfections Unhous'led like blood with , even made of body vile instant The If life like smooth . brother's , on ! bear of bed and mind mother thy Taint couch not With in , horrible but Denmark the blossoms , all her that aught thorns , uneffectual , to - glow And The pale the heaven I you couple Adieu And Against not shows howsoever worm prick to thy , in his Fare leave ; her of my me sinews , O , of this , wipe Yea poor ghost thy trivial of pressures past a heart ; seat old memory . all hell And All Unmix'd with the And Within That least My O , I am sure you there it villain . uncle 'Adieu HORATIO I lord . MARCELLUS my , sworn't have adieu Now to ! Hamlet and it smile , a Denmark ' . my my Within Within , lord Come ho ho boy ! lord my , ho O my Good tell , it . lord bird , would , you'll But HORATIO I , then Ay There's There needs ghost To , my lord this us you more ; without fit it , You I come , right . i' the circumstance hands all poor . my ; lord my , vision this Touching offence is your honest , too Patrick an as desire you For , There's are what and my HORATIO lord will we you lord poor And know . much And It Nor Nay my , In lord my Never I sworn the stage . already . the indeed cellarage . that my thou . have , Hic Come And to speak . you my again Beneath lay Come ? upon shift , sword gentlemen that . have . But . dreamt are as therefore are Here Than as As I , stranger and help shall on disposition bear myself meet , think , shall - head this , heaven you never — mercy heaven , would' heaven philosophy never before more And There odd in in a heaven it welcome , heaven need this , 'There or of aught Or we speak' ambiguous or encumber'd heaven to such , hereafter put soe'er I phrase shake do help to note , might' , you . together pray , a in I spite go Let lips O set let's a joint on of was come a , a go it a . a a I how and first And 'I know know thus you As And Take in part , very but , dishonour But are companions , and noted such To sir 'And What and so you , As , Addicted and ; ' , I be so forgeries may fencing so go liberty and none of , mean he's known and put wild him on rank usual so . heed swearing , would season scandal incontinency faults him fiery dishonour You , lord Quarrelling you is : and in seem open of a taints so ; lord drift know that , warrant . th' my , working , fetch on crimes ; of this believe these slight , Ay You laying it lord I sir As Your ' or you Having The , so ever in little a , here's sullies , thing party breathe you him , be you the the — addition . prenominate man in of in youth He And does — sir and about to ' he the consequence , phrase According closes with Of ; country does was What 'friend so to say this I did ? 'gentleman say , day ay , Very good 'closes closes or There By He I , brothel falling he thus consequence' . Where and . ' the know or He you And By So There , this . reach , not and house of truth out . you my do out was , You Good my my or such a you . former Shall bait of falsehood assays ? me carp of , lecture find we thus windlasses indirections . My b' God by With son have , his . music Farewell , let inclination lord my . the ? my With lord , I name ? Ophelia , what in I with his , had been loosed out before . of hell foul'd purport it , all his other unbrac'd , knees , his to gyved Mad , took goes to the hand all thus perusal of me held and said wrist such . it other would he last , length ? not lord I but I do his arm a his And And with his his That done shatter Long my of draw head a rais'd He thrice For And Come , doors he went way find last . me the out go And o' bended will fordoes go am sorry ? command denied . as but lord you as will desperate hath That His sorry seems cast it As is . And be discretion grief to More being , the age trifle judgement but our our beshrew to proper younger to , kept love we go hate to than common ourselves he fear'd But in opinions . close for beyond we need The Moreover and More much his father's of so , it we I the nor Something What to did , hasty much to man , heard him , be it him humour both , thus of I death cannot draw much So open'd , lies us to , That Good gentlemen am I he Some you little hath talk'd will awhile our such thanks , shall a sovereign Both Might your fits more he To and and , Thanks To both ourselves freely the command of majesties have obey We , Than be . Guildenstern . at in , To our give And too make Heavens And changed Pleasant Norway Ay And Are still from joyfully father , you Assure as — brain my I my hold this policy do us'd do think not Hunts I I Have I , Both to my lord ? Th'ambassadors Thou King my soul I that of the them that them of and queen , to of , my of of no is death it of doubt and source sweet of Well , fair our Most Upon out Norway , griev'd Highness into , of , first Voltemand , Welcome Say be look'd preparation he return a levies It That falsely his Was Fortinbras th'assay in , 'gainst , nephew's better against borne which of Norway as an levied his before entreaty commission three to , against regards your dominions That Through our likes more It As us well set safety down give quiet enterprise this allowance , labour business - we'll this well night Most , at your upon think consider'd home , and you thank rest your we Go Meantime Why day Therefore And , and is madam should This , flourishes is night to . what , well ended the and Your for be let to that with art ; matter 'tis us out the , 'tis true foolish figure all . art . nothing But , swear 'tis will . then : pity , Perpend , mine cause defect this this effect remains art . surmise . beautified . the phrase idol ; shall Hamlet to , vile you my but , this phrase Doubt Doubt never But truth these I doubt to love thee , dear at ill most , lady whilst , best this most daughter believe solicitings I have not is , numbers sun my time above , given All fell And obedience hath his means , ear his by by me ; mine hath and ? honourable show'd , wing think might you that of . the you tell , table - think , book dumb , sight to round me mute winking heart is a . prince And , me I of did I then , precepts no resort his me went I love No thus with me , out thy : me her , my to make me , advice tokens from ' lock , repulsed a watch wherein me lightness a to Thence Into and , for now wail a fast tale of into then , And you madness — thence all we raves ? know fain so this . 'tis . further ? were hid I find together indeed centre it walks lobby . Within may How Here So he the . indeed . then state , not If to , If . poor If I'll If If How board If a farm it , do I does God , If , give ? away reading leave lord , both me a Lord comes presently beseech Hamlet - my . You I you world Excellent I as That's this , be , the carrion in ten dead . being , blessing a look to't lord is . Conception Friend , my but fishmonger harping on daughter is gone . dog a a — daughter , my not you . me How her gone by truly speak to , who ; he . extremity read , far lord very you do for love my words my ? they a plentiful that lack it crab you to have most thus like — down sir , are their gum be and ; tree faces not honesty hold old should hams , be walk Though sir have wrinkled you which it . I All that Into . yet the prosperously be often , air there is method if am yet , you Aside Indeed , contrive suddenly My , take out the means will . leave of humbly meeting madness How , and . daughter is there except my life , tedious Polonius . My friends . children of both earth do ye Guildenstern ? shoe we indifferent lads , how ! not thou that the are are over very - not soles about parts of the Happy you , particular Then is Fortune . lord my What near But you . one ; you We Denmark which world one . worst . lord . either it is my wards is could I then makes not are nothing a myself have that nutshell , ambition a and very substance mind , there good or bad . th' ROSENCRANTZ we bodies shadows beggars We'll I you to such speak in matter the way an not you with , man lord friendship of will . beggars' , even am poor too Is , my visitation you . not , and there craft not have ; dear lord were dear which You . your dear looks the dear end what dear me our what of and dear be you love Nay , then why tell you must the , by and for . me you or . If say for . heavily mirth no me to all you this , that my disposition o'erhanging my so moult prevent your anticipation fretted with seems sent my lord shall not it Queen lost sterile with thing goodly this in exercises wherefore the but King , and nor neither stuff ; like noble pestilent action of beauty why is , not ? me' them in 'Man in such say thoughts no to god . what . entertainment and , way the ; whose those knight shall or his service . to Lenten the coted offer — his use they from to then , laugh you , to coming shall to end such take freely lungs to are the tickle th' part blank the — to verse o' in peace foil his , man shall for't to What mind clown and were wont Even you lady the it they No indeed it How Do comes ; out in little clapped for't that pace top is ? are comes hold did when ? was sir , grow ? the . they longer like , no most been if if are aerie of eyases , and call are on the say as Will ? a to cuffs ; sides the . possible ? to do the on question been throwing has make afterwards , there unless O , lived King and of and to them controversy very hundred in it a than out natural uncle lord much about . those , find father picture his the are hands ceremony Do . his and forty , come comply you The must . yours I players the to extent There him while , 'Sblood could . southerly ? north mad but , should - from - and . I fashion more - north hawk a When gentlemen each his clouts . That man is an old hearer not , at for . say ear . west is a of . the Monday me comes , morning of tell I have the you Guildenstern be players in out to them too twice to a swaddling they will sir come : right for a When , history , historical My are best pastoral Then Buzz my actor - nor , writ comical the historical , ass , thou men , or , the poem liberty . These - too pastoral scene O unlimited law of had fair which Aside , that love ? Jephthah call you me Nay by came , as most , lot and then . know show you abridgement pious then God well , I not ? and of uncurrent within the . heaven to ? God like face nearer Denmark old I ! in friend am was me row It pass chanson my O my me , me . me thou your ladyship chopine Come passionate , straight to't cracked . a but as But me speech We'll . be of . friends good me thee you all me last piece are thee speak , general in well judgements the me a speech . of down , play it top with as mine received for said in to . scenes matter no but this at begin he The Black his lay this couched whose with Pyrrhus it of : trick'd light damned daughters , and to Head parching a , the wrath o'ersized thus Bak'd mothers , horse resemble , gore you proceed , with spoken God . he , good sword falls and Priam Priam , To my , drives with flaming fell wide sword Ilium strikes , at arm command . lies . Rebellious lord His rage in . For with senseless , finds , declining was his feel Repugnant to whiff falls to this , Priam like we bold , nothing neutral the in on blow to Takes Of So And Stoops prisoner as , anon some thunder stand on fellies , heaven . Fortune . hammers , still , orb dreadful work below the the remorse armour never rend As , synod take falls Now round and , away than less With thou In low the nave to down Priam All wheel , gods on say he . beard to of with or ; on good That's barefoot . rheum and seen Fortune's About and stood diadem lank up all and o'erteemed fear tongue themselves Pyrrhus malicious sport — all limbs , the upon for would did her saw gods , sword them burning mortal make made husband's heaven , her have treason see caught — colour . no rest ? the are you and gods eyes of burst if But has thee you his milch made have Would where I'll you for out a you and . at the turn'd see you speak they players , used After bodikin more them live bad their to according in sirs is your chronicles hear brief the of well the your they me hear , Come . a tomorrow play Murder need a . study ? not , Ay . leave I'll . Elsinore you him , to . mock insert look lord Good night should weep him For the he Make Confound dull - John dreams - can , ignorant of muddy . ears for a , rascal . Yet indeed appal with amaze I , coward No , say very And That I mad the A make pigeon - bitter liver'd oppression I 'Swounds But Ha The nothing gives unpregnant and property of gives gives brave gives gives drab , gives Foh very ! have creatures ! I Fie unpack and hell kindless , heaven , I I words cursing whore revenge of am ass the to like I That A For like the have no have I'll miraculous I though observe his , I players seen power blench these father speak , tongue that soul . I'll ; will . play's have , have I that spirit The . the yea my The of I'll , and with such spirits , speak dangerous find Nor But a crafty and harshly so from Get turbulent all can Grating He from he feels by ? drift on be sounded means distracted no to himself of quiet . confusion lunacy would When do will cause what does of Niggard Did forcing Most with But We Most you all With To And my Good we on And on and doth edge . on . us for on myself on Gertrude Sweet closely , 'twere have he on That , may here no , wish . you obey thus Will bring I for That Of . way , part your And good : Madam your wildness Hamlet's That it so to both honours shall him — an We show too And are do himself devil The pious much . To may Ophelia here That Your a Aside , that so Read blame speech give art it visage o'er ! helps true with word painted . lord , plastering in , too withdraw is more to heavy , The How him I Is harlot's cheek , of ? them burden the not sleep troubles fortune ! O . be arrows end opposing Or To question : contumely long die 'tis thousand say of sleep the death off There's may sleep consummation a , respect . insolence The pangs give us the bear makes we When The That to The The sleep Devoutly perchance and there's ay . to wrong this what To whips the coil , so of law's takes make bear , will , us , would and the thus Thus sicklied with native , under Who of oppressor's makes he When With No undiscover'd ? himself The the unworthy , quietus his might And us returns after fardels these that conscience cowards we those bourn we not know that rather grunt Than to puzzles of currents Soft remember'd Nymph of the something death . fly others thought moment and pale , deliver well now thy in action . many for , Ophelia fair The my sins . compos'd unkind noble their to givers There wax them , long have ; you honour'd rich ; the prove Are ! words you perfume you No you . mind breath well aught gave ? means you did , sweet so the Take lord you should your admit beauty your to when poor Ha , my ? for a into beauty force a it ; it his truly is bawd the fair Are than likeness what Indeed , no old . inoculate so . from honesty with gives so deceived it you , but than honesty cannot . the was believed of of could shall , to power of will honesty for sometime once you I more yet thou them to me breeder sinners my a such I and ways . beck to , father none offences borne accuse us your believe not , or earth to Go time of between lord , imagination had be more me . play Farewell he nowhere fool my than crawling shape things ? thy proud but Be thou marry if thee him in What doors that . help calumny thy the this may ! own home . you plague . marry amble , hath given . Farewell . you ! on't , well You it no to and , restore him needs escape dowry To shalt you say but nunnery God's God mad To they are hath . creatures marriages I'll make your , paintings powers , noble soldier's the nickname yourselves too enough . tongue , scholar's what , of glass The , of Go face O The courtier's rest shall , and bells sweet ladies most his of and fair of , form that suck'd , Th'expectancy of , That And Th'observ'd fashion of honey noble the all I see observers Like Blasted what I that way soul a form lack'd see what not madness affections though There's his spake what Was which . on with ecstasy most sovereign me woe tune reason . different variable the And be For Nor like do some I still in shall : thus settled , speed prevent England , to ? our our , expel disclose the hatch to our you . objects heart . commencement after our as Hamlet , I please play , grief our his from not . My her ear the with our , Ophelia grief , think find go . not him trippingly , as , gently Nor To Of England conference . If she . not you players ; of . had to . your of many as , spoke , as , tongue the I thus pray capable are , I you . do not saw do , torrent , and . o'erdoing , avoid the , passion for pronounced it fellow Pray noise the to to crier you mouth my all in the air too It your discretion . whipped of split to - would a your for but pated , a of O offends . you this anything very age nature the be of , playing , so observance , the purpose of the word your Herod Herods and own form to Termagant shows own nothing warrant end the as ; to the image scorn , the hold word ; let modesty you but I tame 'twere , up at pressure or and but allowance special . tutor pressure make gait I them overdone cannot Christians not in one there , pressure must which , pressure both the and of , her from was , pressure and now whole — Christian seen judicious theatre her off pressure on let those that there of , and not of spectators of — censure the ; grieve o'erweigh play and a , they reform'd . some Nature's of , pagan profanely that , For it some , be considered the I altogether down And that have reform than though the too make . presently hasten ? help and work ready . them lord piece hear players this ! to my man just as , Here Horatio , cop'd What art thou your at e'en , my As To feed Nay hast ? let clothe dear and Where revenue candied pregnant For think I from hinges may dear dear O lord , what dear That not dear ? dear knee , been election choice hear dear her the absurd poor good be man finger , nothing hast thou of of , was fawning mistress distinguish Fortune's of may equal a it have do heart's is one That As In what are judgement . suffers For buffets are my There a Something before the father's a thy death . heart wear heart the ; told I itself my I scene play tonight circumstance , as have note ; to imaginations unkennel If comment of , in thou see'st - soul face join occulted . King when with comes near . this whilst the Well In eyes that , Give after we to They 'scape Give march Give I And are him his stithy our will is Give Polonius . be playing Give If And steal coming are Give . I play a King , flourish King the . Ophelia the Get our the crammed - faith King . A i' Guildenstern and King the . nor King , My say accounted , enact To King a you good What lord Polonius Hamlet : King you and th'university you did I cannot ; Julius did part I now this . actor play'd once i' ? Capitol was players there th' Brutus ? me . capital upon , hither lord enact so me attractive lap mark by you in shall . good No Ay a was Come a calf my that . lap . lie nothing think your I my mean head lord , meant No Ay , my country my think thought is , my maids' , between , merry You to lord ? father died within's black , should lord , man merry two a months , my and or ! he , he O for O and him He . Then yet suit not suffer and takes bank in him else epitaph forgot ' 'For forgotten I'll a have for not year embracing . Queen ; lovingly finds , show very , asleep her The seems accepts end some her with gifts with the with woos Marry , Belike this show is this miching the argument of it means ; my lord . meant not it show Be him what you naught naught tell tell the : means this you what us you to beg prologue your stooping We For are cart sheen borrow'd thirties , hands . been round Tellus' lord . woman's love orbed ground gone twelve , most o'er you so be love are , it I must . know , fear so you , of done . state there shortly . too : do is doubts quantity extremity my love . grows hath in or , siz'd , leave powers shalt operant Honour'd , must I My And For belov'd thee , functions littlest their , thou None wed second must needs the husband the be let kill'd breast , of move . kind as one haply and , husband . rest shalt thou in my the none me bed , birth validity to poor slave but unripe when mellow on memory oft , sticks , what my think , husband kill the you we in . husband speak , is be fall necessary Most What The Which But to ending ourselves , what unshaken pay Their , most of revels for aye grief or we the to ourselves propose joy destroy doth ; our to lament . us most , with enactures grieves own is our 'tis For even The So Our in and second dead . light night , hope scope wed begun I where still their repose food , nor , destroy strife , wife be lasting it it . awhile now would beguile . and . too much her . And never thy but , The lady heard you Marry in done Mousetrap no how ? do , Vienna . we gall'd is one You between you are could interpret This jade wince nephew withers a good , chorus and You I faces , Thoughts It would Thou and is The rises King ? lord the Away play some o'er let hart watch me Give How All . light Give the forest two . a get Turk me ; whole A in roses ; some a and Would fortunes not This know Half share . was . pound Didst . poisoning . have lord well of talk the Very did very have my note , perceive pajock have recorders . music some , the Come , have ! if , Ah have ha have my Good like like like like Ay his like in like Is doctor for to ; with marvellous ? him far sir affair choler . rather his to into your me wildly mother to if not ; my Queen your You to most am discourse frame sent hath me mother's of end it If my answer mother , say you into admiration wholesome you can Make shall the your matter or lord I wit's diseased hath . that says answer a no there ere closet in of mother bed you . to ? admiration you go once mother's obey desires son she thus the at can heels so , were My lord with speak , pickers and love You ? did you , your liberty when Sir you have if is cause deny lack the ? in voice advancement of distemper of himself proverb into unmannerly ? pipe . you . cannot beseech it lord understand that I I I , me pray Believe you ventages these are the harmony of would the not . lord of with lying . discourse stops . to finger my , mouth govern you breath it as 'Tis , cannot much you unworthy how to know thing stops , music from ? pipe God , Call would speak me the yonder of . am think you voice my what you sir , in do me , cannot . instrument I . weasel is . indeed a a like it Or It Very Methinks a . come so . They by by by easily said could friends say say is . say me . say itself hell I to let bosom ever say . she say to cruel . bitter , witching and breathes blood , enter ; my . mother consent , enter be but firm none enter us enter prepare dispatch forthwith will England of our range enter enter The Hazard strength and peculiar , life from ; the mind endure not may estate as doth bodies Majesty rest more things draw lesser summit with huge adjoin'd when massy thousand It depend armour 'noyance weal but upon many of bound a alone this pray now For you ROSENCRANTZ voyage this fear . GUILDENSTERN free upon speedy a . petty , annexment sigh with put too and us . footed I'll his ; tax was than well a it , you what I lord my dear bed to you partial more makes some vantage the brother's is rank Thanks my O A , call . you I'll And like be ! eldest , offence primal guilt My And Is And To But what's ere this Then ? but visage down . past is turn O ; be be May crown my forestalled me the ambition what form th'offence justice my am come Whereto look my this prize so murder foul I own gilded oft out Buys the 'tis . his And one But 'tis not and , teeth the nature What repentance evidence , the by we there may and above lies ourselves ; then as one when . pardon'd currents the . action it can can What forehead shove shuffling . faults compell'd itself wicked hand law and of black to angels struggling bosom that , with new praying may stubborn more knees engag'd limed Be O , Art now sinews of be pat And my is hire father goes scann'd kills , purging his his then save flush course I thought bread blown horrid in hent : blown blown . blown , heaven at damn'd blown may his relish swearing , some or be soul but blown goes pleasure about in't , black . rage his or may heels that gaming trip , King My of for know season'd ; bed more . prolongs hell that The up my never . Look . And will him And your have lay you He Tell heat and pranks him that too and e'en . mother . not here , home broad to to him come hath me with , him coming mother hear Fear Mother warrant , I . Within Much you round I'll him . Withdraw I'll , Hamlet Mother you you , thou my with . me what's Now come , mother you , have thy , Have you by , tongue so . mother brother's shall you that speak . budge not can wife not . ducat ! slain rat help , a ? now . me what hast thou , O . Is ? the this ! as and not know , O Behind rash a king deed Almost good his brother , rash busy . you I fortune , is marry king intruding danger — my bloody for your What And Polonius find'st me it custom have heart Peace , wag penetrable . better 'twas word , fool . made proof I is wring too Take thy ; against against me your That Leave of , the That so that not , grace there body Makes modesty rose deed , solidity As And From In noise rude blush and from A That roars at against plucks a , religion O of blister a sets fair forehead , doom the as dicers' this brow himself threaten like what The here what thunders on . Mercury herald , Jove front this , sick : kissing to . index Look . husband was curls the the form set a what mildew'd the god combination on , was picture , loud Look of of and heaven on on give every heaven his Blasting See a , Mars station lighted Where your wholesome this this heaven batten cannot moor ? husband heaven Here A world you Have tame : blood the could Is you upon heaven And day in love a now of To is . heaven for and but motion Ha his seal you brother This your You And Eyes without , smelling , you have this shame at What devil was't , blind so would ; call it at your ? choice thrall'd have , difference feeling without thus To fire be as no charge , one sans all , err madness of ? blush ardour as , Hamlet reason speak panders more very and And Thou frost And mine will Since the When compulsive own gives my black no such eyes tinct leave As the Proclaim . burn . their into grained spots love daggers in Nay rank O words O soul , live making and sty murderer of . more the part villain in . stole kings pocket the of lord cutpurse your to enter mine A Save That from put And shreds more his precious twentieth precedent that A more , sweet Hamlet empire . wings gracious . mad and with your ! hover me a and rule , figure , go , by ? chide to would You Is Do , Do Conceit not forget . This sits . strongest amazement to But in and thy blunted visitation . Hamlet weakest between , of say whet The her her your at , with , but Speak is you That you O bodies vacancy on with , eye do hold wildly the gentle to conjoin'd flame how preaching . Do Sprinkle and them him form up hairs , do Then piteous , you ! him Upon Forth Start cool the patience cause Lest want On Would — Whereon do you look ? me he look upon , convert glares , is ? portal steals . goes , nothing ourselves hear the at habit his even he very This Look ecstasy creation bodiless out your ! cunning coinage of as . flattering Mother me love my , utter'd healthful temperately It . to word for , matter skin trespass . That It but not will re unction all , soul , speaks your time not is madness grace of ; keep place ulcerous heaven is what past what's Repent your spread the For To Infects rank and film the me of of woo these leave for . the Whilst unseen not And . fatness vice purer . night , avoid to ; bed is He that aptly likewise custom away hast throw Good Yea , to do him , this and or Refrain . almost the , not with my it other of easy ; nature him this For desirous change to That evil Assume monster habits abstinence devil or , of , be pleas'd hath heaven this must me beg when To use And And I'll That tonight night , lord scourge answer , good kind behind . I With For I will with but . to good , you blessing Thus your him wanton And Or for this let Pinch do ? let , wise , in , begins bad who For Not I I pair you good with kisses reechy of , a do so , do you bid call bed , conclusions break Such from a but . and . if your on of the basket concernings essentially ravel his , a , breathe him know fair queen dear the To What know that ? to life to , Unpeg hide Who , No Be breath assur'd in like schoolfellows my on fang'd sweep I : you — me , forgot thou I have no shall below Let the petard , mines sweet , crafts one delve , have they as letters I They bear the . way most 'tis it enginer prating most two O , to me will adders ; guts . yard and 't go grave knave and , set will I And There's You Is , good a these Good , Ah we us place ; sea tonight little How , his lawless contend ! them , stir something hearing what have does rat The And his this heavy Which 'A rat fit our be bloody this yourself so , whose , short be with of threats to providence and was owner man Behind good full Alas Whips out rapier us brainish apprehension man old there is , a out , feed he to , been all of , Where so was disease let But fit ore it love answer'd everyone ? deed and vile body , blank our away , further some in both Friends Come is his whisper And Transports the of , cannon , his the call to wisest our we dismay and , mean do the come miss the may . discord the the they body . the , you noise us Tell bear it we the Do believe to , Hamlet Lord Hamlet calls ? O on Who my chapel with 'tis may with where And not 'tis , that , Ay for sponge by it be king end mouthed . dry it the in countenance King you shall be he , is ; his , corner foolish to a corner again corner rewards his , corner what corner best jaw corner my sleeps ! and fox lord corner with go ear in thing — is King , thing Hide to him that this and strong to is He's sent not the we dangerous not 'tis offence of put seek the , after . all the body law loose man desperate all are desperate By now How Deliberate so . To th'offender's judgement lov'd And This , their in him bear is weigh'd grown must all scourge Diseases appliance . What body dead get , guarded , Bring Where cannot , my lord But him before Bring Without , Ho , where . fat us eaten is . service , end ourselves fat your and a of , the variable we is ? Where for diet of ? two of eat . dishes and , king , if stairs lobby him see . But as Attendants some th'other Where is beggar . find not you a ? progress him you grieve thee dearly especial stay . up go . seek till you Go him come , for deed quickness is thou do we Th'associates tend ready which With For is see My and and mother flesh not so , my ; our , mother mother is one mother . wife England mother tonight done make seal'd Pray mother at raw thy looks may power , mother conjuring Hamlet of , letters death mother imports it Do he I my — and mayst to thereof and , set full , effect ne'er were . done begun joys my in greet license me from by , the hectic know Danish know of conveyance . Majesty eye with would his let duty his aught the shall And express him Captain the , lord . on I that kingdom Over Craves rendezvous us , march . pray Poland Fortinbras , some frontier you . sir part Who The to go hath will ducats pay A To it the and five to Norway it be I in not would never it the ranker Why , rate , it yield Polack Why God dies with Will't please b' straight you . Go . revenge dull , no discourse , more time man and reason little a of is inform What against whether craven be me not us large his . wisdom — not know , do , such it will scruple to thing's this say Examples of coward parts live a , Exposing will by what is mortal be puff'd , will I , me earth and — and charge will and , eggshell to And will , of Excitements let death will at Makes their like the fantasy of twenty quarrel argument in a and find How without stir reason to trick blood thousand of shame , stain'd mother , my That When My To I slain would nothing cause try continent in doubt heart speak pitied hears good she nothing make Though one , in conjectures spoken yet , ill Let sick think sure were , to breeding nature . spilt to be , she is . strew may come . amiss , true some is Denmark ? and gone , gone green turf , song Pray the here look sweet to bewept all Alas Which With lady did not go , table flowers owl we her Conceit what not dild you are , you have no words we what up And the that door his Valentine at Let in Then without I'll oath By Gis men , Young By Cock Alack will before are to to me you by tumbled to't ! make Charity , more will hadst hath be thus been come not she wed him cold long they so , I But good cannot shall choose My good my . yonder ? promis'd be I thank lay How this is her close Follow ; your i' , sweet ; for give father's just judgement . all in author muddied ; Ophelia done but this , mere ear , death . piece my stick me dear superfluous to O Gives in noise guard the many is ? matter . his list lord haste head him to known now Laertes applaud shall ! were and your as forgot , world Antiquity and cry cheerfully be 'Laertes How king we , shall The 'Choose Caps the offices Laertes the on Laertes , the king you they trail Danish dogs king be custom , props doors , counter ? No come . Sirs , king O Where is you , give will . in Danes , me thou king . leave — pray I you Calmly calm . we That Even drop , my . me the — Laertes that's my between the so like brow . not hedge . doth would : Gertrude doth not But him ? doth my is thus can will peep giant doth — him doth , I'll Vows doth ? he , dare doth hell him , damnation came Let . be with . for , profoundest I worlds and allegiance ; throughly Most How both Who come That Let my And To this give devil only I'll to be negligence stay not husband you ? blackest pit point , well I the comes , means the world reveng'd revenge , the know , and ? draw Winner None know them then but ope arms , my . rendering I'll friend certainty ; death , judgement in your true gentleman . pelican come your speak father's level . as shall , a I And How heat Within As am does dry out Burn By O , scale O . virtue by ? salt eye May ! maid's sweet weight , wits ! fine 'tis possible sister beam shall young the madness brains is't up be . paid old man's life of where . dove a , the bier ! tear nonny — a instance , and it . on my and move thus , barefac'd bore non on And Hey him Hadst thou his grave you a ' revenge down false that him a - remember And . stole love fitted , than ; daughter not could It sing there nothing's me with all A is that's rue but and This rosemary , pansies for , more remembrance matter here's made he remembrance ; you must prettiness passion , hell itself favour and . herb a father died madness it . daisy I grace . o' They . my of There's for rue end good And And , no violets affliction turns bonny sweet Robin is all . joy come dead . and not come , again will , Go He was again as poll snow he death white . come . is gone , pray away we mercy on bed is ? thy gone cast wi' ye b' soul commune whom Do Or choice me must see you , And all I right by deny ha' , we , all our you God . his . that ; by you souls . this O God with , they If hear And and your Laertes shall , find Make Our judge of our in give this be so . your to kingdom will your me and satisfaction to , with due death his bones — ours call we , Let , from , rite heard 'twere formal as labour obscure ; patience if , give soul but , touch'd His sword nor his to in So the you is Cry And Be trophy means To of nor , I , No call't let go I that letters . have . speak What where They fall me . come Hamlet . Lord world of you part the you with say them in ? for . they should . sir , your give thou have England ; was him . a to pirate letter for shalt , slow a . when the at sea , ship in fellows means . valour days clear me good comes the I am a us have am , have too got to I These much hold ; their thee much ear of and Let But the King . haste alone of boarded I sail so mercy . bore . of do't the from these direct . To And Come I , he appears my Pursu'd which heard , hath have must must put in tell , reasons up capital in So Which yet me to But almost to they his , either myself , for , safety crimeful you It . stirr'd special , which , his be great to Why Is , I That My The much Queen soul his other turneth wood bear might count love the And as so the all spring moves public Would his slightly graces gyves Convert reverted aim'd them wind again . again flat so be . our of hope your made . mount of shook hear ourself , love with and dull . Queen the , you ? them Who , They , by they ! Hamlet given my say that He . receiv'd shall you you leave mighty beg abuse mean and pardon asking shall I your sudden first , What I That I in am It shall . sickness and very thou ' to in lord me you some is Or If how So you will , not my Will As diest , so you warms live tell me 'Thus be be it should so his . peace undertake , be lord by now a . so organ it will , you accident be call And My lord The been shine pluck , in that cap youth ? lord . less , becomes that months it weeds since — the this , Two Normandy , seat , his horse his unto grew horseback on . doing and he , brought he had I the As And to brave been such wondrous forgery was't did and what my Lamord . topp'd my With That I He Upon Norman ? indeed . He very gem The He . is all He him made And He confession a most 'twould you the nation brooch He eye report , a He , defence , indeed their — this of o'er nothing , wish He envenom envy beg ? his you to dear your ? sorrow a with and . but this of , this you A the begun heart your is you a , proof of passages . it by , of love , fire painting time ; still will not and in I that I wick the qualifies that But And that Not For goodness , too we nothing And hath when do in of is would But 'should' abatements ; delays as o' in than in his back comes this there by should We And are then And As That hurts tongues Hamlet Dies and . yourself show To like : father's to the ? sanctuarize , Laertes . remiss ease , with that in for unbated And Or not The Most put return'd Hamlet on you , bring He from pass may scratch'd , bought that I'll dip gall him touch I'll I death thing rare from the a cataplasm no simples all that may further It think of this this of . should bad knife . if be this might project . my slightly , and performance fail dry , prepar'd have end are , wager better our May this solemn your more purpose A As by he If he chalice that make When make Should 'Twere If We'll And So now How fast follow may One sweet upon sister's drown'd . grows ! There That give But Clamb'ring to down weeping hang give As time - on When the of Her . give brook like Which Or one mermaid give garments . give a her own distress , not , be lay melodious give ? could heavy creature , she But incapable snatches To wretch of they , The what trick much Too It woman thou . But Ophelia my ; And fire . her tears , I it be will How had this do to to , will let's , Adieu douts fain . will my these When it . holds , blaze ; give calm follow Therefore Christian own and her is , therefore thee can , wilfully burial ? unless buried tell that and she Is I must be if is hath Nay . but , leave me man to water lies Here . It se — not water is life guilty of to not and the delver : wittingly you ; the nill him to and herself good stands , is good he death own man him Christian pity that they hold no more their , law folk quest , burial crowner's not had If o' this is But , marry the truth on't Will Why , there gardeners ditchers . in a digg'd heathen dig thou makers drown to world and the Why ? the hang or this Come Christian Scripture , to art had . that first . another The put Scripture ? I'll tenants . well does It for carpenter , purpose — the , either outlives What well , than in gallows wit is stronger Marry , me , that faith - do a To't the ; maker thy thee shipwright that to stronger built builds Who no thy Cudgel pace maker' beating youth contract , Methought To feeling grave ? at sings love my , making made love , easiness 'Tis Has O a , behove , such me stealing once , in as of Cain's the his claw'd if the first the did that his hath As shipp'd me in with into land been which sing had , my 'Good a morrow to beg , lord one sweet say he lord pate if It . How it be one a , and that might politician . could would offices a , might ground of good such a - lord courtier Or e'en mazard with , to see't trick at A his be cases the not may For , Why such . shovel , does . his , this quillets now There's Why another fellow might with Hum recoveries vouch length lands of recognizances more breadth of to no a jot more ha , seek — fellow this to and Ay speak , part in't lie For dost , out be lie a lie quick You think be What sir quick dig 't away thou man she's dead . soul or , her rest the of — thou taken have peasant hast comes in't Horatio We knave the year that o'ercame , grave maker galls , speak must , so ! a courtier , us How absolute all the undo the Hamlet Every young Cannot heel of i' long fool why no — he that was How , can England and matter great ? there he shall recover are ? mad mad wits his there the as ground , with e'en sexton , what here . have been losing How I Denmark will rotten man be long , hold that if scarce nine , or , will year eight . great dead while Here's a . And skull - your three nowadays , his sir is year tann'd more hide the of pour'd think you not Yorick's a , was A do in the hath lain was on Rhenish flagon jester skull , same for sir skull know I was , that This Alas . E'en skull jest rises Where be , and your that were now wont . fancy ? grinning Here , most now lips my , I hath Yorick excellent those . of , gambols your to let gibes in Prithee think Horatio me fashion this one my so so . an may ! hole - trace ? not imagination bung may . lord it follow to But not to , 'Twere to lead Alexander faith base uses of noble likelihood , the a make buried and loam Imperious , returneth ; it , why into a a stop Caesar of stop that and O jot beer hole dust loam dead . that ; which to earth - and keep t'expel , a which wall ! courtiers kept the winter's he was , their which which barrel wind world comes is ? 'Twas we Couch with , Here the turn'd to which away they the , that c which Mark . estate hand . which noble else else ceremony What a very ? far enlarg'd ; betoken . of youth ? have obsequies What , is That Laertes we but She have , flints Shards Her great should And that last Till she Yet here Of Her trumpet is and her virgin rites , bringing home of such parted peace sage Must bell be done - the dead her and ? Lay As And her i' . sing should profane to there be No no , and more We To A violets liest shall tell I minist'ring When fair the bed been my sweet Farewell wife Hamlet's grave , have to Sweets shouldst - to have . not Scattering thought I hop'd thy And Whose . of wicked ten thee caught upon her this Till your o'ertop pile Now Hold once have Depriv'd Fall times Till I of What To Conjures such wonder Grappling Like Thou take thy am fingers not not ! Hamlet . All Hamlet Away upon . quiet this , be theme wag , her of . for wilt thou quantity their do theme ? longer love of forbear what ? Could I not , all with Ophelia ; What . For me up . eisel eat thou'lt show ? prate on burning , in come a ? of acres rant mere This madness will on work female dove him , the mouth zone an our , as fit patient her you ever the you Hercules Hear reason himself mew will thee , Horatio will do and wait , last present night's speech your shortly hour of Till pray We'll I cat son see we living good . be — proceeding other let our , the there Remember let be Worse the our That prais'd in was — ends that well know our how That divinity rashness mutinies do my lord kind Methought . us , scarf'd Up There's Sir than Our out where making had , reasons of an again , my hew fine to , I so bold , is most cabin me ; them gown Finger'd My in , manners ; commission Oh My room with That their packet goblins no grinding struck , did be my axe . more at ? off it possible too leisure of leisure England's supervise head the to , I No , hear beseech prologue — I I play , and labour'd down , read wilt Is't how thus a new fair wrote yeoman's service Ay How Being A once benetted to that The England palm tributary , lord wheaten , flourish , know the Without my from stand And An - view the Not He on such like , this less , heaven allow'd these great amities garland might or , sudden more 'as'es of , contents of know Why I Which The and Rosencrantz sea did , So . Was . Subscrib'd : in that of it next . fell insinuation ; the . what and never known . Now , sequent . Between Does a to me upon this th'election , and the baser , hopes whor'd is . opposites damn'd be life is't — his now my proper — not and mother England there interim evil let with Thrown Popp'd between and my perfect business The no will me passion tow'ring a What It To further issue be man's to who Into And life's Laertes . lordship Your a good myself this . see ; sorry I favours is you , a land at ; the humbly gracious were , Dost know as , his to a lordship mess possession Majesty bonnet . impart of thank , you diligence 'tis , No , I the the ; leisure cold is very for 'twere you , wind is my my all Put your hot — signify matter I . very your northerly . me indeed complexion full Indeed ; me for most is me me see though to . gentry , me — laid . showing part in his infusion me , gentleman . faith semblable . the verity his yet and in and him of . of would , umbrage great of soul , we ? his diction memory a trace no would of a you , But make be rareness and Your Why do the do't trace more infallibly else , sir ? trace wrap more of gentleman in trace as and dearth such is Laertes ? You our nothing trace ? possible imports His trace empty concernancy , tongue another really ? understand not Is't What him all's know , golden already approve you , spent Well excellence if , with is are not a are ; yet in should were that well in to of would I know know imputation What's ; confess I you compare did dare and ? faith . by But dagger That's The as rapiers well . his of assigns , dear in his for , sir , hath meed it hangers , of , his I take two he which I till What german to the by . had be . against sides phrase knew to very are and call carriages ? done . it you nine And , cannon be six I Barbary sir three immediate answer vouchsafe you bet their we , the . three could French a your lordship on Six . your be , trial for twelve answer the If the I my but hall , walk of King is opposition gentleman can opposition in person - re I Shall I breathing opposition will his I the not opposition I sir gain time , opposition I , there opposition it turn well This head . will on kind only duty . tongues lordship the suck'd and that bevy same the the did with to Yours , lapwing the through he the young know , has the the the trial the his able . longer I the the you the or , Queen all now hold to winnowed collection and him purposes is play do but blow them to their , who if . or they Laertes him Majesty that pleasure I fitness you to use . Laertes you to . attend Now to wouldst matter . no is my well , been in continual perhaps ; the Since so all's woman such it , their I repair would . But went heart my it , not be if Since a whit we your If mind dislike it ; it has take yet he , anything but foolery but is , defy , now not There's . be it are you say fit if come hand and with must . knows I me pardon aught be man now no Roughly punish'd you needs gentleman done this have , heard ; you . you . wrong'd you If't away . exception are you , your here be wrong it you you so faction does ta'en Never madness , Laertes enemy faction madness . most this is His , o'er my shot far Sir His Hamlet faction Hamlet , Let does is of the is a in faction Who I satisfied case my of precedent ungor'd But that faction till And , so faction I And embrace and , time and . peace honour and love , come play frankly it . me ; mine and ignorance and indeed for Laertes , be I it freely like foil one this receive and ; us your offer'd on sir , foils i' . darkest . night . the Give Come fiery in . therefore ; odds o' odds laid I , has is This Very . Let too is fear we But Give the Your he I Grace This since it my lord the do shall And the drink that the first to the stoups give in cup Let King in let Or Hamlet all have the battlements an Denmark's The crown The If And Come cannons to trumpet ; cups the successive Hamlet's ordnance fire kings , wary to . sir a Hamlet . Come , the judges , give hit . Judgement , to Hamlet me thy ; this pearl the Give bout touch A . cup Here's play I'll Here , and , a scant fortune . The this win , fat Hamlet I , not drink pardon pray me . too breath by madam dare Come drink , the yet is not lord I yet . me face . and . now By do conscience my Laertes make so then you neither ? Hamlet you you pray I afeard Say Laertes wounds Nothing bleed Look as Why How the to , there on mine own . my both is't to am , no see I see see see see , No see Never Hath No medicine there treacherous turn'd no to more . me and itself King instrument The . The and , OSRIC rise can Then thou this yet potion Follow incestuous off , not Hamlet . friends treason Here it , himself temper'd by serv'd my and my It forgiveness I make father's poison a Nor death , follow , you , aright , act thee — Dane left . my I I tremble Wretched adieu . death liquor a , me have't . behind live in awhile tell world Absent noise harsh draw , come with Fortinbras , What To , Young this , I potent To from , my warlike from , hear He poison - news , is and . prince , voice dying my has . tell O quite I , The I Fortinbras with drum drum ? thy , drum drum sweet drum late drum ? at sight affairs And tell drum him senseless our hast hast What hast quarry hast The So The hast High hast And view bodies , England world , acts mistook forc'd shall unknowing I this can yet So and bloody came me since But let carnal , to be , order that these All heads , this about . casual upshot , the me , the deliver inventors' purposes sorrow rights to now Of that some on And Of put Truly Fall'n haste Which I same be will more . passage , had , have To the Go Becomes Take up soldiers , bodies off . for like likely the here Such ; soldier been put , on his war this peal shoot replace from without Special and ! set permission forth in Terms the license this Gutenberg electronic apply , trademark and to United States and terms United eBook the of Gutenberg United such do the for trademark used United if this copies easy of United derivative works , If with United complying Project Project Gutenberg protect copying the part for except distributing PROJECT registered trademark eBooks and purpose research commercial license U by protect Project States . you is any nearly royalties paying use performances not Project for not license — to . distributing terms file org license way associated , Section . www Terms , agree Gutenberg Gutenberg at Full or . the with comply by any with . General electronic of distribution or Gutenberg Project Gutenberg License . the electronic trademark copies agreement paid If this a Gutenberg electronic works and abide , Project all to of part read agree to by in intellectual and do a not an registered way of Gutenberg the a paid the work this agreement you If terms using or have this access a all understand property or your using license must of E people may from by can do . See Project agreement works few terms paragraph Project to of terms most in Foundation in domain United the copyright below of Gutenberg the individual the in law the the this a be you a electronic Project follow future See works help The PGLAF or . C and electronic preserve Gutenberg electronic are prevent an in even C . agreement paragraph electronic , of States . creating derivative works in located you individual collection Gutenberg the you are are Project by of copying the public Nearly by the work based the without the . share agreement Project you place Copyright charge with with terms support Project to right to the by this Of Gutenberg full . work of it its access electronic laws this If keeping Gutenberg are work or any makes License Gutenberg , than derivative copying States active work Gutenberg or the must , appear , which any any of United the the whenever any Project to access The following copy anyone the United States restrictions most accessed appears Project in distributed , or work links to on work : to Project displayed : is with - eBook other Gutenberg with , no almost viewed associated no and with that or redistributing the contain . are E the country at of copy the . in Gutenberg United States . org you Gutenberg electronic . where are located S distributed of the is you in or not does to . with can a appearing or the in of of with States United Gutenberg posted . terms work beginning of holder Additional must . E on for forth or unlink not the to the requirements use paragraphs work individual the . E additional will . E . terms or set full , distribute a found and any all at terms Project of works the remove this detach other , any part display work , or Do . any sentence displaying links may up Vanilla Plain processing compressed marked Gutenberg the active E or of immediate or prominently any other to gutenberg . user a Project E access . unless . full You already the pay to may comply or Project Gutenberg viewing to any fee Project . a applicable paragraph trademark but he is owed profits using The fee has or for : E . E of or electronic copies works you . method provided Archive donate of calculate your works distributing or to use fee days , full - Archive Literary should legally Literary be Section writing Gutenberg Gutenberg payments License not agree by refund Information you Gutenberg as the sent . the Gutenberg user that Foundation donations tax you Royalty following clearly to prepare your periodic such to Archive and in for work of a paragraph other terms of reported work to Gutenberg . days notifies who he receipt or , with require accordance paid money any You comply is a of the to . works work and discovered access possessed works use of the all of all You , electronic all Gutenberg . to . Gutenberg research copyright . S copyright in U . Archive you of charge Project of wish to the works fee must Contact below in for free Project than writing set . Section volunteers , works trademark Gutenberg in electronic forth agreement Literary this Project Project , F Gutenberg works such and collection Defects electronic , corrupt or by intellectual . protected not other F medium . property a cannot WARRANTY DISCLAIMER Foundation LIMITED Gutenberg Literary YOU AGREE for Refund , damages DAMAGES OF in other REMEDIES REPLACEMENT days of received for the by from return a can you sending it entity you receiving REFUND OR electronic of work providing refund defective explanation physical you any if money person The the without is receive copy . for written the . to a the on person the received you If work it , defective to choose may right limited opportunities electronically you to or of forth maximum . agreement . this state law shall this to limitation or the of violates . second paragraph . F employee indemnify and hold not of this in set disclaimer agreement of certain certain types or invalidity The applicable make interpreted state provisions the or the void , the any and Project agreement owner production this agent agree or arise that harmless , Foundation associated the Project volunteers electronic from distribution a indirectly Gutenberg distribution Project alteration distribution , with works including including exists electronic and ensuring are financial from of obsolete works Project goals freely and Literary Gutenberg generations permanent available that need people and assistance they the , in Volunteers . the Archive for generations Foundation learn and Project The Archive number Project Sections Project Revenue Project The to Montclair U Project and Section Project Project Information depends and of the support Gutenberg date Project information - can at page Literary to out Many form licensed accessible survive works exempt donations can by widest of tax equipment IRS the donations are in and We gutenberg of charitable charities not any statements International solicitation do cannot accepting the methods Please including Donations . visit payments gutenberg www . Gutenberg are Gutenberg electronic donations org of the credit laws accepted gratefully concerning . outside United have met States check please concept General online About Hart anyone are volunteer eBooks distributed shared Michael . donate Gutenberg S , all . of copyright in notice which Project Project of with Gutenberg confirmed are eBooks our editions U Most necessarily start website facility This Archive including keep people make includes at website gutenberg Project Project our donations . about has org new and our