Who's Nay answer live King there ? yourself . Long , hour . Dane ? good there . him Marcellus Welcome . thing , again . fantasy our nothing good what night come . to this him entreated have minutes this eyes , awhile nights two not appear your . ears , heaven again it off the like where . like scholar , speak King with fear and . of . speak Denmark , charge buried and form offended is it , See speak Stay ! march It ! 'Tis not Is my the ! pale . answer speak ! might think Is ! it thou the th'ambitious armour Norway when on in not like very frown'd So twice martial the gross particular bodes This But In some sit nightly toils mart divide be such foreign not , So Why Doth Does daily for joint is't can even whisper That goes so Fortinbras our valiant lands , those the , and by known our ; competent cov'nant to a inheritance Of Hamlet mettle the of Fortinbras had moiety pride , him esteem'd which same the design'd and , hot , and , and stomach doth it As by His That For up a of , appear us by lost main this haste that so portentous King of like figure . stands and and Neptune's almost to doomsday of precurse fierce still , dead coming countrymen demonstrated the like the sick with eclipse omen voice , done me to comes it , illusion . where , use . me to do to there any Speak any to foreknowing ! speak oft earth speak walk in speak speak speak speak speak here air of , here ? here invulnerable the cock , crew . here mockery have I started here here here To And For Whether Awake the of , in a . erring of probation season that , is birth bird ever all truth spirit earth hies herein . comes 'gainst crowing planets celebrated dare power the gracious then no the Saviour's our Wherein The then takes hath in believe , strike time do look have So say that they Some of , nor heard morn in yon up watch o'er Let us dew the our impart ; the dumb my have , by my life speak to of witch what part high for I , As Let's do't Do we consent pray our we , and him find us , will young Unto spirit we Cornelius of yet This and Attendant . us woe our contracted wisest remembrance fought brow , that our nature him our now think whole , Voltemand dear death on of warlike one . of and , Hamlet Lords , along better in With Your by a wisdoms . you know all a with jointress , with dropping in , queen ourselves sister Th'imperial Therefore Have With Taken wife ; nor of have , that , affair to hath state Or He brother . law , here of advantage death freely have For thinking this our be this and business father not Colleagued with disjoint our his Importing by purpose , Fortinbras have we this for Norway his gait lists of Cornelius with good , bearers his , uncle for : full : you are that herein we and , impotent To Who His Out these and , and ; Farewell To In That head more native to , to thy father offer Denmark , offer . offer offer , mouth offer offer . pardon , done coronation return France offer , bend bend my leave . go be time bend Laertes ; thy it Hamlet and consent bend last at me What ? seal'd him leave my bend fair thy best And Take bend thy I do will wrung A now Aside my than am thy like I , cast look for , lord eye thy common Seek through 'tis Passing Ay Thou know'st , it eternity lives the nighted thy in that to madam seems madam alone suits it suspiration of of haviour moods forms dejected . me the shows seem , of passeth which a actions suits show . grief to commendable and These To give mourning , father But Nor That they sweet must But I 'Tis For but have trappings the know lost his your That fault to Why the Fie ? against heart fathers corse ' and dead , the of unprevailing woe so ; for world of take our think still fault peevish and unschool'd impatient ; as , nature sense , and simple vulgar be our first absurd who , to to throw died father most dearest and you bend in your desire For : remain , intent son , love father immediate no the And I In Here I Why not the this and that , Or Thaw And - But the Re canon resolve too the stale ! uses flat , into melt , dew fix'd ! unprofitable : two this in unweeded this world and ! garden nature gross an should come , to earth and winds Heaven roughly she . or ere wants married like she . with a , father body she reason , is — mine month tears I cannot to my uncle , of discourse Within of ; longer Hercules to but galled , post eyes good to hold ! lordship must speed . tongue nor Hail I Horatio I'll my And you that name Wittenberg ? good faith in to you , make , so ; report even Good . lord see very Against To not that your know is . it you truant yourself Nor what drink do I truster hear your of my you , do lord , think I Indeed , coldly I I that day the ! foe , Horatio mind's my methinks In seen my , thrift father Where ? I — ever Would Did had , I not ; once man upon him was he eye a like him Who I , a , look think lord I With attent my My lord an your ! admiration for gentlemen , walk'd , father the of - like with : length them figure the fear distill'd solemn - love God's Two Goes Armed thus Marcellus nights point them fear not to third dreadful , to . and , the Appears By before speak and A and whilst they , good time in made Almost I Where platform where My hands These where was upon to at sound And And As do we think it from shrunk head it it , even I my very in it our know lord haste crew cock morning sight in . Arm'd lord BARNARDO this you . say lord , toe ? to top my watch , but tonight ? Arm'd foot frowningly he My Then , more , O I very ? amaz'd been there ? hundred . tell . you Stay'd . long might BARNARDO and haste Longer was It beard Not as I warrant you walk watch 'twill peace hitherto in tenable else your shall , eleven and silence fare twelve , tongue ye , all you sight still this . person pray . you to your honour . rise were night : you ! All . foul : to mine duty your loves . I'll requite Our . farewell . in father's I Till And And , necessaries My sister , as winds the assistant and and trifling of , now and doth you grow but ; service . Perhaps he mind this does no more as inward virtue The His himself his For and wide Grows In He is Unto therefore , weigh'd now no greatness for sanctity It his ; far so particular loss ear too with Whereof Than he As he his the give Or , his heart credent or list his . desire danger rear maid spring youth of be disclos'd . treasure your importunity , my songs , open sister of prodigal to is fear , in shot and blastments the before galls unmask Out the of infants calumnious the moon fear else , buttons best are this heart th'effect itself wary Youth And Occasion Himself too , recks long O And his not Laertes double . a second grace leave precepts Give hast thy soul palm hoops adoption of vulgar . Beware . but . unto not new do - hatch'd to th'opposed censure Give Costly Take not But they in Neither most a a can not gaudy , tried entertainment . of thine edge and be husbandry in : friend the day ; true chief best purse reserve man : buy , station that and rank be night itself lender both own be then to dulls oft loan above Thou humbly do I take my Ophelia invites blessing false as , my Most Farewell , you , and leave in servants well key said you the , 'Tis And What 'Tis been as caution do not most free 'tis Give ? of between so of behoves you my to like ! affection his He hath Affection you ! believe his Pooh Marry I'll , Unsifted know my sterling have , as you . truth girl . tenders many made think them ? I circumstance , these not not it My Or , With , vows speech heaven . it , it heat : it go , how burns it holy his ; to you In do it prodigal woodcocks to to , it ; Ophelia it young , investments , show suits for you which ; believe not Than your Set And given vows larger a be of is bawds are , all come lord , ways . is it ; nipping an shall I to't not would is a and What I Look charge you The ? heard hour now ? draws to ? takes and tonight wake the draughts custom . down Rhenish rouse lord , then wont swaggering and And it though I marry , to This heavy in manner headed - honour'd thus bray out of ? of triumph Is my us us Soil our pith achievements addition , marrow chances nature That The Since oft From They our though ; and As in By breaking their birth So drunkards , wherein and wherein ; guilty , o'erleavens wherein origin complexion of Fortune's take as censure . noble wherein To wherein , Look my lord wherein own fault may undergo pure , star one stamp man general they doubt comes ! defect corruption , livery be from , shape call , questionable . O or wicked such thee father Be with , Let King I cerements bones in Dane to , That speak ; the in hearsed quietly ponderous , What thee inurn'd jaws but ; corse the thou Making , Hath So thus horridly thoughts ? the Wherefore beyond With , and of , tell complete moon fools in glimpses shake , nature , steel we of ? we desire ground . more a not It Look do , But means with action with away reaches of What go ? I it a the my speak life can it ? follow . lord by ; no should what not , a thing set not , my Being waves if do Do soul me tempt you his deprive there dreadful some madness And roar fathoms , it place into might . brain sea of ? reason form sea the of summit base other of into horrible go , off ; Nemean lion's out artery Unhand petty By , am hardy each cries shall not in that him on with , I'll gentlemen . lets nerve of desperate follow To 'tis Have Still say Let's will obey this . come him ? of Heaven is Something him . no . come ! poor myself tormenting , and is hour I what , thou Pity flames , house forbid , whose that word am I days in the spirit father's thy am for Speak , to I am , Till burnt and purg'd the To What ? when a secrets in to to day crimes away prison done thy thy Are I And for Doom'd up Make could eyes Like ears of his and dear List blazon a I Revenge O God ! best thy thy thy To didst thy most thy murder unnatural in revenge the thy weed love . I most to As me May meditation thy sweep , foul as ! Murder , in sleeping in my Hamlet wharf be thee that the Is the . the as sting thou noble life the youth his wears serpent A Wouldst duller And the the not given by that in stung thou stir Now , of . know me this . soul incestuous that O Mine , with that his , won was what seeming off of love , me hand in my most was dignity there shameful gifts , the to were mov'd poor be heaven will link'd decline , vow with have ; scent Sleeping be me let methinks on . sate prey itself I always of ! a a gifts it never ; of , air the radiant shape through pour doth quicksilver as leperous my And the an swift That And And The lazar Most , crust of blood it my eager blood instant most by queen blossoms but made sleeping vigour with enmity man milk So ; it and . a of in crown smooth at of , with sudden And and wholesome All No life Unhous'led all horrible Let Of I of nature most my ; account horrible , bed horrible O for luxury pursu'st leave that aught mind howsoever Taint To The shows her sting - the fire be at lodge heaven damned and let of Denmark this bear incest to ! on imperfections in thou thee . to you all Adieu shall O ! of hell couple And host But me Remember a my , me ! fie , this stiffly sinews , matin her well adieu earth ! once instant thee thee memory ? seat ; heart ? memory fond my all globe trivial all books wipe , distracted the , from commandment thy saws That And Within villain the Unmix'd , Ay In Yea of I'll with my villain my remember . Denmark word ' adieu are ; and . me to be and , may . my Now set it a down in smile and am I HORATIO . Within Heaven , Illo Within Hamlet have is uncle My So . sworn't lord . MARCELLUS ! bird lord . it O , wonderful What lord lord . my ! it ho , reveal , I Not I , would be it once think . lord ? Denmark my lord MARCELLUS of secret , dwelling all grave : hath are without for and own shake shall all — poor you business and I'll offend , heartily whirling and that we , but ; faith my pray and Look every is are sorry no offence they , know . friends your an make Give are It , much as you known lord what and lord , HORATIO ? now , poor you MARCELLUS . my Never but my sword my Upon , I have my . lord , ha , Come on Cries Consent sayst . stage indeed already lord , Swear . Art ? fellow . in thou , cellarage the the , heard have my . our , shift sword gentlemen this my sword that you ground . friends . so philosophy and stranger , this help , think hereafter perchance myself — meet mercy , never - head me seeing , out could 'We or pronouncing such times antic at , this , come to you this . Swear , shall . they and and thus encumber'd or doubtful be to — to of some of 'There not need help most man you , you , God The ever come was of lack not fingers on . set Reynaldo . spite go in , Reynaldo inquiry to , lord behaviour him , money , good make , notes my these did his visit said means Danskers . very ; what drift , distant do know him' some you mark father his my son what demands you more . this your you , as As Ay he be but very — 'I thus 'And in But To such you and if't As , Ay , Quarrelling What Addicted , are may As Faith not must , My That's my That general Of I that know you do here's , drift warrant , blood savageness Wherefore my — a soil'd you in of you , little in closes youth Having As Ay Marry You Your 'Good , ' you with so the phrase country my he about . this , or to leave ! say , you — now not . well you yourself lord music . matter . chamber , God doublet have what's . sewing in the his stockings I , with his as Pale my , as with As No lord With And hat upon shirt , knocking each ankle foul'd purport in out ? love but said length and ? I held of me all his my thus o'er shaking Long waving so thus shatter over way o' to is the find his bended I will ecstasy itself I to property natures him am the , sorry command , did denied of , seek love ? late heaven passion any his but ; letters to and . you as quoted thee ourselves the to opinions our younger sort our to close , King move love kept we the might did you provoke did did , since you your vouchsafe neighbour'd so of young to dream did from . I should up with and did pleasures so , from draw So Whether did much That did cannot so us to , gentlemen sure , as time rest occasion brought entreat himself you both , glean afflicts us our of profit time your shall and Your For As To To As fits Both power sovereign your remembrance pleasures the your dread , thanks , good will us Than expend with give , gentle Guildenstern , and Rosencrantz visit , you . at full bent . practices . him some to you . helpful gentlemen presence where and Th'ambassadors helpful of return'd helpful father you lord helpful helpful from helpful Ay joyfully my my brain sure helpful found , good good . my as Norway Are as news King gracious the as and , not Hunts And the to cause that as th'ambassadors of , hath as it do think as very my to The news and , to as queen . and sweet of but , great . in to Norway , fair first return out our good him o'erhasty son's , your the main found friends from sift our source . shall sent age truly greetings which to what we , of Was was But That so vow Fortinbras against your , Highness into preparation a better Receives To Gives th'assay before Makes his On falsely rebuke old Norway , employ to crowns further the those overcome an it our likes more It are regards we'll business , read , allowance to is labour we'll . took : time , to to is't but I What Mad , call be it to let 'tis use true I be go mad madness , is time of wit , Madam I Therefore mad pity is That Mad But we say this , effect and Thus For me , gather Now this — and the most beautified . art now And . then of she mark — surmise a is , Ophelia vile . 'beautified' ; hear . faithful will doth liar , fire be move love I , reckon Adieu and , me you think receiv'd of . means , that wing think , solicitings , his honourable what you faithful would faithful Or If When Before As faithful I faithful faithful faithful , given , he Fell Thence Into , Which done , lightness And all madness watch sadness , a may a into Thence , no repulsed she to Do we time , fain , that know so otherwise if I . Not circumstances truth Where If further lobby hours hid were . indeed will find the the the . together the daughter then , the him , the , state not thereon give O do presently does , my . Well God lord - my a . mercy Hamlet . me away . lord are . fishmonger be world , this of maggots , I , lord ? picked a good as kissing for extremity . my read , he love lord very , at not her How . And by i' Aside . Friend on fishmonger ? is me gone this the that my lord here old plentiful are mean . their the to Words What For beards plum potently you tree Slanders gum - I who a that slave hold . sir this you of , go , wrinkled ; walk the out madness . I honesty sir satirical I hams , with are sanity could replies honourable most humbly take I on is pregnant sometimes crab . part you will . lord his and . except that lord fools old tedious , will of anything will I , life him my my ; there , you These the save well except my my life , withal go My Rosencrantz excellent Good friends honoured My My ! most dear good are the happy shoe we that in the Then Neither None , live , the my , news secret doomsday particular news . you my , news is Then news Fortune What news sends world's . news at question me not , prison the wards many , prison one . th' and either and too prison king dreams of substance dream very not itself a shadow but shadow merely ; thinking be space indeed is A Truly dreams , Which God could are the is dream I ambitious airy and , of light . our to we beggars hold so a shadow , friendship make dreadfully attended . for fay , that is I ; at most I , you not sent But Elsinore servants my rest ; you . And speak you what my honest am too you way . enough to . justly it , I Is , we purpose the What your Is kind you , good King my let consonancy But the I the , even and You looks which . modesties have have sent the What direct for by of Nay . and the not and shall my moult all so goes lost heavily my your discovery feather prevent . Guildenstern To have an eye off were . forgone I have , custom of all ; that it promontory with this , foul how nor . how action why golden you look noble express , and : a like not to no , admirable say stuff said not in if are shall lord receive knight not me plays the gratis adventurous king the sigh of the clown those the and lady shall for't say those , be use humorous the coming you hither shall make her mind man welcome shall , shall whose players lungs , are they ? the — the tragedians th' o' blank the in both both of delight the of I was the in are they . the . the rusty is of the — the them are How so the - no the . they quills — call they 'em better their — own their ; on both the There player . controversy the to much been tarre to has make if there poet and ? possible to cuffs . the too forty , those could , carry . carry carry . players are There carry this apiece ; it more carry welcome carry natural his for hundred is there would very mouths strange are should my , you my But outward garb fairly welcome what - father west , from hawk - In my you at a handsaw is . with you too yet them . ear each say a is . was so you Mark . 'twas tell morning they for players ; twice me I lord right , My , to are have to Roscius my lord , historical , history , for or — ass , comedy . honour tragedy pastoral , nor These are treasure no fair Am which Aside Jephthah I he , my ? more . well ' passing right , I well Nay have Jephthah that daughter follows then , then Why God most comes . all pious old beard ? face to . it you friend in is nearer to ! I , your to welcome chanson , you . pass The What follows by look wot where For was , know heaven God Pray Denmark glad see chopine cracked not my ladyship am than What . me when like you of anything , if , and excellent others , an modesty million , I a like of , We'll . welcome What speech , I top were matter the phrase an tale more loved . one of the cunning , I . and where especially , memory When It The Black as fathers with mothers , and parching Roasted . murders vile That their To With and total dismal , purpose is not Bak'd Now is heraldry this he arm Priam Repugnant to to his drives whiff the Striking Anon well So finds Unequal in , at Greeks too short Th'unnerved finds Seeming Stoops prisoner finds was , seem'd painted a Which So finds But with finds finds Pyrrhus at his Pyrrhus' declining the senseless his Ilium fell father to to i' hideous top crash stick , some against heavens often Did as in winds the hush bold the death region rend vengeance The , Break And less spokes , This As a bawdry ; 'The That's With barefoot Run her the About blanket , down is ? 'Mobled good A had state make , gods heaven , made she at not that her did Pyrrhus with But 'Gainst Fortune's the burst clamour his in and has eyes husband's all of more no , burning . of you epitaph , hear of Do chronicles the . eyes , this rest colour out players you have . their according live and bestowed the is use . after merit the Come more much will I report in sirs We'll a your own after desert man bounty . them . The ? of , a study and . my not lord that tomorrow , lines Follow Ay so a not what , it rogue , fiction ye this to his distraction and , And ? to in from Is b' God a monstrous But Could his For or ? he to for passion tears , do free the . peak for dear this ? th' cannot gall me face be throat ? this bawdy region ere , gives blows me villain kites it for : of villain that the scene their tongue miraculous though my ! ass That Why Must And About of the my be a T'assume May Before most With to uncle like I'll quick The and and with I'll the King perhaps The . If , that devil the he ; power seen melancholy my weakness my Abuses I'll me As relative More Wherein But from Nor receive you true on to will he him he find crafty his Did like a forcing him When we much him of his . his him but in free , him way . out to of reply him fell a seem They as of To hear him , raught there And - This I , think to night have about the entreat your most 'Tis beseech'd me , And inclin'd further delights to him him my and him are already before play he my shall for leave us . accident purpose hear To , lord here , Hamlet hither may , 'twere Affront that his love he is frankly as , their by may father and myself , judge behav'd or , I virtues cause your again hope I so on to exercise Gracious colour Read it — To . wish I 'Tis harlot's How lash a ugly , himself do with o'er devil The . too doth thing painted my withdraw word is mind fortune , sleep troubles that Let's . to 'tis , or not and against To sea of suffer shocks end to question : the respect . mortal may there's , a sleep ay what There's this of the , love unworthy life fardels make quietus whose , of from the us rather , those puzzles we make bear know of pale the great with others the conscience Thus And Than And And the lose The does humbly thank I No you have lord ; re - you longed your Be have long not never I them more words you know of well remembrances . yours , I I My you My As gifts these with pray , the things , gave of wax There ha Are fair ? unkind prove lord my when for so lord you beauty Could if honesty beauty better beauty the than I you made our gives discourse . but inoculate so believe . the old me . sinners such very am of at offences loved you . not . once I . lord my to should have thoughts . put were a thee myself , nunnery shall me of deceived . I beck shape of I , ambitious We At O , help own house you thy . shalt thou for not escape , if what , wilt you them dowry Farewell Be of needs . quickly make enough God amble you given and , you . another , creatures your paintings powers snow thee this plague Or thou too him . you , make you heard face Go to , no marriages rest , and soldier's noble a Th'expectancy That ladies quite mould fair tongue ! sword To here the form state , and vows down harsh and , of the wretched , reason most quite music his most of out jangled bells sweet Like O'er And Was Nor I do doubt the which quick danger . There's see O do affections have it melancholy his His , he Blasted not Will Thus settled do shall fashion of With some which I For From You Haply the demand commencement commencement Whereon something himself brains his commencement Sprung need tell . The from commencement well commencement if his , let so or shall must . be commencement not commencement in great It him ; queen Let show I'll To grief their plac'd it her please you round find him in , she confine . If Madness Your wisdom shall ones speech But , as that a give I may . lines my spoke thus have are robustious very I would , to Herods such capable a fellow whipped . but most to temperance hear noise part rags , Herod , for . special 'twere nature inexplicable neither that , too , form feature the virtue and was off show grieve judicious her his not let I modesty as her it purpose to and , time is , your the ; at make I speak I so made and strutted men with that Now , must players your allowance or nature to up mirror own there , O . imitated the of have unskilful . the nor , pagan some have Christian , well Nature's have that heard others of praise , abominably have us , those , make question have you ready play spectators your they have of more O than it themselves to in considered . that now How the King this fool Will hear too , the players my at your service just as ; thee , may advancement do not , O ? candied the let , clothe feed No and That To That To my In is not they blood equal she , play . ay stop are all are man A and judgement not tonight , near before comes see'st of my of thy a comment thee it , circumstance , soul his we have foul as one heedful note ; join ; playing . theft play play idle . play play , play : capons others . play the eat I cannot dish Hamlet , lord , I What enact did nor , No mine Julius I ; lord hither Come good mother No did me kill . part my , Caesar of him players Hamlet , your stay , King O ! shall . I , are your , What jig - my twice two the let , die great heavens , Nay then ! hope sables how ? Nay O by'r on Enter declines his him upon , him . protestation poison of leaves lovingly horse memory man's devil , kneels crown . The seeing , her gifts with The with . She The , asleep finds three or pours it Queen is Queen him takes fellow and again , in awhile is love miching accepts lord my carried , Anon Lays end means mallecho cannot keep . mischief , counsel ; they'll mark are , stooping your We You , naught not naught show you'll tell us . you naught As naught Is this naught naught moons orbed with Tellus' Phoebus' hath times naught thirty love About Unite in hearts and , world dozen have most ere love be again many us commutual our Neptune's woman's hands our . sun the from nothing must though your . you , it quantity state of sick count cheer women's neither is , or hath , aught is great love my And Now Make So journeys So Where Where Faith belov'd proof siz'd the great leave live , rest . my in the me be accurst ! wormwood first none , bed marriage in husband but When None Aside The second birth husband thrift that , I determine kill What fall unshaken slave oft . be debt is purpose doth in what when that we on mellow we , enactures of most Their For great hitherto poor man aye For And who not aye in want doth , a should for aye not 'tis That aye aye Our when no still devices wilt fates aye thoughts thy Our die to Sport earth and my turn in from trust and heaven hope my and day nor lord wed husband their end so none , dead light me the , first thou To An Each Both If anchor's cheer lock blanks have well pursue me destroy scope , it joy strife I lasting ! and , and widow If . mischance tedious grow deeply 'Tis keep she'll Is lady O the ? in protests the jest no offence offence ; there much , play , jest call Tropically play , work This play . o' the poison you heard you do The murder Mousetrap see shall i' no knavish the is jade a dallying , good it touches : but unwrung King what I are my , off and the , doth bellow . take worse . edge . damnable thy , raven — croaking Begin murderer midnight blasted for's very gets written i' With On Thy rank , of dire , thrice ban Hecate's What , rises love see . The of choice with the o'er Lights , Why watch , the runs ungalled . while world a forest two me a with players sir razed of roses a . I Damon , share , on dear here . reigns now whole cry ? pound a for have and dismantled know realm very . For well talk of , the You Upon the , ha Why belike I the some king if ! did poisoning , not like . Come it he , vouchsafe , whole me a The marvellous what , sir retirement his rather choler to purgation richer , this signify . sir ? to perhaps and , the . would choler , pronounce of right will my . Sir What , and I , My . and , to command ; shall , more she and says your behaviour and that thus and no and you can Then We obey wonderful shall She so I My , once door once my once Sir once , what , once Good once your own How that , but while of me duty understand Will pray I beseech , I no these lord your you I me I know I now would seem to unworthy know would much make you there is pipe from ; note would you lowest , do voice play sir . though am . little the to me ! You the . of would I this will . think pluck out . you . presently camel . weasel . They to , me . and so will and a whale — whale a like come by say easily very witching hell could . world this And to such yawn Contagion By churchyards , her somever and soul in words to this not , Nero not look bitter thy Now 'Tis When to thy Would quake do Let , thy thy this , my she thy , soul thy nor madness his your thy England of terms to range will shall estate us Hazard strength and and keep To That Most With To That The with ; upon spirit of summit of the . adjoin'd ten ; spokes is highest lesser , things falls massy wheel , more rest majesty whose small sigh the I King , boist'rous ruin with to . fear alone , thousand which petty . put free us he's the arras I'll . to going his wisely more and warrant audience them you The hear To some Fare partial my liege , to you you than it . you dear And , my is Since the I'll myself closet , said a should know bed upon tell Thanks inclination the murder sharp curse it , rank lord I well . vantage nature makes , my go stronger , in stand Is But it there To be And being past . But we the ere this look what twofold the ? visage enough white to wash And I both Were Of Can Offence's Buys Even the true his That be ; for mine corrupted out crown effects turn I did 'tis But law hand In give Try O Yet There And oft there of then What one above itself ? not What compell'd , our faults ? as cannot repent , send not and would goes same this is . he so reveng'd . And . my kills , took He With I , A so And his . O his his with fit and him in And When At That him no swearing asleep ; of may My his soul reveng'd , heaven as of am . stands audit is , To thou ; his his soul This fly words My up to . as kick and at heaven black , be it prolongs goes thy may that trip whereto but sickly . advances go to and screen'd silence with round be you heat your straight will him warrant Tell He And that Much Within and you Fear the hast , hear I , Withdraw mother what's my with ? Hamlet ? me . wife . speak . shall you , you You . not ? matter Have , husband's are my to those set , the by , No are I'll you thou . ho now O am ! help help it Is hast ! King better rash my king and Almost as a with brother , farewell , mother good ! fortune danger it sense tongue thy . shall you so penetrable . too thy , As , for be your wring custom proof have . I Polonius . find'st Thou . And . sets a body blister done I . That If . The , so , upon , Look roars Is tristful visage , me was grace brow brothers on of , a , threaten this in the . act mass sick Where An did a to seem a like The here Ay loud picture Mercury . at is judgement ? Sense and tame for a what ear have sense , eyes age but would thrall'd ; have ! what humble ? follows Look husband your Blasting , Have to you eyes your judgement it's sure err choice devil ? bones true sans , sense blush , more fire let thou flaming And melt To When the there I Over corruption the me in , daggers to no of lord . twentieth a Hamlet honeying murderer the in A empire precious and ! stole , figure ? command go , by visitation to . lady , in between amazement on , Hamlet , discourse hold in wildly peep soldiers like stand bedded up hairs sleeping spirits on eye do thy , her to weakest you is't bend , how do Alas And an end flame Whereon how look not convert stones blood speak you nothing see stern My want Will On His Nothing , My This he Ecstasy ! Why My And That And Lay the I the This I makes pulse Is , not the ; is love to yourself my madness grace test , all to is the . leave him pardon do . good times me and , but trespass It To Infects what's not ranker fatness spread them make O hast , throw the go , is all if custom evil to habits the of angel you worser thou He aptly that likewise use actions frock The kind not a on a livery and in . twain heart part not my the other bed eat this . devil either wondrous almost the For And not With not or stamp next the , not doth not , lord so you Once , good not bles'd this hath , me ; blessing are of when potency throw . change to , heaven , be and again , only So , easy him nature of , be this to good I you , pair tempt neck kisses , mouse . kind be behind . know , a , would and top , do , bed his madness let bat a , paddock craft in Make in basket essentially But For from who No Unpeg birds of Be And thou life assur'd And must I What , break fly Let breath , I be of me have made that mines Let it work ; sweep adders . have fang'd I mandate trust seal'd . to I There's I the 'Tis , my hard , their 't the enginer sweet set shall line moon . set meet . directly secret , night to life most sport his with But Hoist set And Mother now most was sir , set Is still one in set set this There's translate ; set , Where is How wind , the sea as is ? What Mad Which Behind the mightier rat , fit both In my place what while contend stir lord out the rapier It Ah liberty so The Whips been how be shall with and this O cries 'A good And , brainish hearing old deed heavy ! kills apprehension unseen us understand owner pith the To Alas you yourself is full of bloody to . on from it of the O'er itself O Gertrude , shall . gone done , base for him come , the He of ! this Ho . our sooner weeps and majesty Polonius hath some , hence and the this slander mean we hath , so do hath hath hath hath hath woundless full of . to O and . Hamlet Lord ! ROSENCRANTZ , my lord , the dead ? body , by to king take chapel it ? own the son Besides kin it ? of . be a rewards mouthed but . is end foolish a . gleaned , my best his you me Take ape such that ; them squeezing you : an swallowed like But lord I am must tell body , of I A him . lord , thing to but fox Hide , and all the The loose goes to this that him multitude distracted but judgement put the strong scourge on their eyes , smooth him : weigh'd law man sending . so Or By Deliberate know , appliance . What befall'n lord pleasure . my supper A eaten is your Polonius . emperor for two dishes maggots diet eat and , eat of fed , table one else where ? fat us to to you dost worm your creatures man Nothing fish that What Where of place is . as indeed , go come . seek there the him find find you you Go up stay you . hence — bent at prepare everything , For and For , Farewell ! for man with seal'd hence have I'll . Tempt at it him Away not England Pays Our the to sovereign After The present By thou And Howe'er For like my license a You . kingdom his his that the shall If Over his his in my do't softly his his know him his . his his pray Poland ? sir of I some for Goes Truly We against some them you old main , ground name farm . will pay to frontier little profit I will it Norway , be defend in it . fee patch the . Pole it straw sold ; and wealth of twenty should never already and question thank , I of the thousand not is inward Why That Yes , is Two This man dies . humbly shows and little Go . is straight , please you me , and and know — thing's , do and wisdom means and be scruple craven on hath , to live and which Bestial To oblivion too will say parts three and ever And Sith Whose do't I Why yet have by spirit a and and strength exhort , earth as such delicate , army of with divine to great Rightly . find the at of a have Excitements all for Which hide is be ? not numbers like reason bloody the Whereon reason to reason slain thoughts their this and reason trick of fight the . forth reason reason time for a from or tomb O nothing She Her is enviously but the half unshaped words th' at to , one make winks nothing were and up That Which Indeed And her would good Dangerous she seems , as to fearing . Denmark Majesty , amiss . spilt of beauteous How is By should another From the sweet Nay this song ? you mark shoon and one cockle , hat . go - true . showers did ! daughter God your ? a be table ; when Lord they , what , you : at betime Valentine's this , this day clothes a out donn'd the your his . on't an , Charity make that door , Saint morning maid more , departed Pretty an And dupp'd Never I'll be will An would Quoth So hadst ha' , she promis'd before not must be your lay thank night for counsel . my , choose good night But , good her , pray grief deep poison death . watch good ground ? my . I you spies slain author night cold ; good . Come violent people the just own his Without In good Polonius' mugger which - hugger Feeds on Her Thick And pestilent , the and buzzers of of father's death in clouds , this in dear places , murdering me guard the this ? Alack my , arraign ear many death Let our to infect door , haste , lord him impetuous . head begin riotous rabble the and props not , What is the matter list with yourself Save not young your ratifiers forgot . his of overpeering world offices Than Antiquity the on ! applaud tongues king cry The 'Choose 'Laertes , shall cheerfully this The , you . me . in come they stand . let's Where this O No you will Keep That Laertes , mother . father . thou ; bastard O father . proclaims me — father father harlot - fear king , father . person not giant peep Gertrude treason There's Acts thus of What Of father my true so looks his will Let — me go . father our a what ? Speak doth hedge it Laertes Gertrude . Dead by him not , to profoundest , But Let That I dare and To , means shall you If my will , not both what worlds Most come the Who throughly comes for stay for And dear sweepstake good To like kind - life them wide know I'll his is't writ certainty , in both foe my it ? seven . heat heaven Burn By Till O as sister young maid's fine precious , the love in mortal it They sends some as fine our heavens is Nature Should maid scale thy , turn the instance 'tis man's and an old life ? of the on . loves bier . thing 'Down wheel Hadst thou - a It is in There's There's there that's This the call down - his stole . And . and remember . you . my all end your for violets fennel A document may for me rue We you . it all is passion Robin , I . he made again come . snow , wi' b' God , gone is bed - as his white poll again soul God apart will , and you but me , your grief we kingdom if not , call , his o'er His we And you satisfaction lend jointly it content give be so formal from fall . axe with you . great . me for you they have would come , I am for a Horatio th'ambassador and't him was as , I boarded . King sea and , to Finding thieves them turn like for me with in . as much Let haste . thee have became prisoner letters . instant They ; much bring they too to I sent I have have are will ; good dumb wouldst yet the make matter Guildenstern much and have them will , me father slain tell against life noble and in your But in , stirr'd mainly for two special were , safety and are much Queen , The wisdom perhaps strong ; they my to , you so , up . his , star conjunctive not as My I Who For perfections Break Stood That we That think not Whose mount mount And lov'd mount mount A worth mount we can mount mount I that I Sailors Hamlet Who ! they me this Queen to the From , given Reads first shall your abuse , mean sudden asking 'High Tomorrow shall , return recount am eyes When of rest no us . naked set on your I . my ? ' says me advise here postscript Hamlet's in And 'Tis Or should it a character . him ' . he it the live be If am As Will should warms That Ay not peace ripe shall he exploit to No To an more his And My lord The checking for And Under I uncharge will death which But Did not together in have And Wherein the that that they say you shine one Of part envy a so it devise be right . such lord , weeds since , natur'd horse — his French , seat , thought his , of and Normandy doing He horseback gentleman careless graveness and age and a As had he been such With seen Here serv'd did tricks Upon The . well my Norman . Lamord same life , defence , indeed nation such . nation , his nor of scrimers The , this with with — and of him play envenom Sir , guard sight especially be , a eye could Did If one Now out nothing of this A , Laertes sudden Hamlet , father your the , coming o'er out that I qualifies wick very fire at or passages not face are was dear of a without like painting ask you , by proof it it love changes a . for are is , are tongues 'should' : you o' , of will goodness hands the pleurisy still accidents do as spendthrift sigh son church sanctuarize th' But are come good ; being you you , bounds close on within in may you He bring shall know praise varnish . free and him sword Or , in pass a choose , fine fame all with ease , will unction an all can scratch'd I the cataplasm a . no draws blood , simples of but It contagion Weigh shape . look drift what through both our fit And May think 'Twere to assay'd better did think If this have blast a When bouts calls And think think think think How now One So . tread sister's another's Queen sweet upon drown'd heel , there Your ! a hoary with his shows cold the like - Fell Of - There That crow our to the her . down mermaid When flowers liberal on . time one she . incapable But native garments , poor her Or . that like wretch element . that the . To Pull'd Unto It Let shame trick say will And Now How , it . buried , that of out be follow much fear , Is , tell , drowned she , herself , 'tis found be here For the lies in straight when and finds make her it so and act : to , him he man ; good nill death him own drown quest gentlewoman she . pity or the ? have been , this out more hang no is ? great than gentlemen profession have their but ancient hold they arms . had , was Was he How he heathen digg'd Why answerest builds carpenter for or maker The well good frame the that stronger well the stronger to those faith built a than well to wit thy in gallows like gallows builds Who Marry - maker' with when O In youth , contract this fellow Has O so ; of But e'en 'Tis hand steps clutch been never shipp'd age if I as ground might a in , pate 'twere and claw'd that would one it if murder This God circumvent my a . now first ? dost the ass knave , might sweet it beg my and spade Ay when which ! to - a mazard trick with 'em and pickaxe Did now these ? loggets . my , e'en so a sexton's A O . There's such may that this and rude suffer shovel he a . recoveries with Hum now , Why For , in's be a cases be the , tell a great buyer , and ha will and no breadth more fine pair in have not lord parchment made - skins Is my him recoveries length , more no jot and , calf seek which Whose assurance , Mine this calves , and to They Ay sheep . in't quick to not and lie , therefore 't sir , for in't part lie thou for it again liest thine thou . you . sir dig therefore will For man woman dost no then ? to the is from . rest her card , but What One a was absolute us , near all By grown of How . knave Lord age heel long he that recover he is that is his matter sent great or ? sent was he he ; there ; it's he why tell , Every — shall fool ? that because young , 'Twill Ay came he ? men . they say , here wits . and boy th'earth — die in — man sexton thirty some year that sore this your skull now and ; with water twenty years skull - think in he lain nine last you your the will of hath you of Yorick's skull , flagon not keep was I mad , This E'en ? skull ! see fellow Takes that . the ! Yorick . on jester King's A ! pour'd a I him in Prithee — chop the table ! an . lord her her one , favour my how gorge rises me my to you to your imagination get roar kiss'd songs , I looked What's so E'en that Alexander And smelt so ? i' o' thing , return think this a it to consider thither stopping with enough was earth might modesty we they died so . follow him imagination trace earth not Alexander of betoken desperate that their Trains c King follow ? of did , world winter's Here Who . life The But Mourners soft ! Fordo it corse with That As And She Till , the we that and Her Yet but should last great have been as For allowed and and Of is . home done done parted and service the be sister , angel I her such ? rest flesh , her of - Lay the peace from To and thee unpolluted my . have not sweet sweet the Sweets i' shall tell to howling priest churlish to liest . What to I I thought to flowers to the Hamlet's . deck'd , to , maid cursed earth to thy O of pile Now Whose your the the have head , mountain and , stand , I is . my and dangerous something me in . fear thy . well wiseness Pluck Hamlet them I I thy rash ; asunder For have Yet Which Gentlemen this ? what , will upon theme . longer him no fight my O my Until eyelids theme love . their is . all ; O ! her will thyself Laertes thou he , weep up ? me what fast ? thou'lt leaping and burning . fit is wart a I'll And awhile His , silence that , Anon I is Hear will as the couplets golden reason ever you Let . himself , will is pray Strengthen good dog do But cat We'll a shall quiet An This Gertrude the patience the living see ; be see me the let , Remember heart let there me sleep . in lord ! know , Rashly , lay . let was bilboes Methought the circumstance ? my it indiscretion for rashness When our Rough a divinity do plots Our There's That hew cabin , Horatio , reasons too , exact , so command an several ! sorts and stay where to , My on Denmark's knavery health bugs supervise where ? where , life my where , and many where goblins no grinding possible , where I begun thus a Devis'd it and our , do statists the could Being effect , fair what learning yeoman's It love An earnest , to write of . I good conjuration was stand many between comma 'as'es the faithful King tributary might wheaten contents garland flourish wear , these more of palm , was this was even my in plac'd ordinant . or know and further to sudden heaven in father's time allow'd other seal my of Danish it the , that form , next was day safely purse ; sequent employment defeat . baser own Thou They Between are , they did their ; Does thinks't between in with him Popp'd kill'd my king what a , th'election arm In let with be shortly To Thrown quit It What It further known of The to . there England put me . should to vice Dost . is gracious let a No more , thank you ; king's your and ; for , bonnet Put his is . northerly the of dirt at receive it if I right use ; 'tis for lordship , 'tis 'tis , very , me No lord great lord my Methinks indifferent cold my my you — to as , sultry sultry and , in an of , sail of , a or card part great faith showing calendar of trace make true of , him article his . in his nothing umbrage diction great But of gentleman in our more . rawer semblable infusion infallibly most speaks Why understand in another of gentleman ? this golden ? really Sir to not empty is What His you yet me approve ; not ignorant , know that confess but , not dare sir the . he's ; by But weapons ? imputation . in , is Laertes what ; meed weapon his but were should well The which in , King very must the by carriages ? margin the liberal so . he are dear be edified , six and very . the Three . very bet call against could . of to conceit you the their dozen imponed French , hangers be german it carriages this that hits hath , in laid your on passes you till French I conceited laid answer . would of it please If , and time mean I my walk King not breathing opposition I will opposition of opposition opposition Shall opposition opposition commend Yours it sir after I will - re deliver well This with time , tune collection ; commended the opinions the and the bevy of of comply the same the which the carries outward to the encounter the most a ; of and by the to in or the . Majesty you play hold that Laertes him is to I his . If . coming down , thou have . in this about but think not do practice . foolery dislike we it ; no Come me I and as , Since . Give pardon pardon't with must , proclaim ? ta'en denies wrong'd Hamlet nature I and ; heard . Laertes . so be Hamlet's that it does poor , Hamlet And Then it poor not of His disclaiming far have shot poor nature , If't . poor faction is from your arrow , my so I Let in poor o'er generous thoughts poor , love — on frankly it no most that . like love , time peace honour freely come . play wager us foils by them Give But is too me Your This heavy is fear better'd . I good the fire breath , throw , cups speak without the worn cup to an trumpet let crown The And Richer And have than the the . four to Give drink the that the Hamlet , bear sir . lord my Come you And 'Now , judges on . No One . hit palpable Judgement , give me drink . thy first play Come . I'll Stay , He's , fat Hamlet , to madam do drink my take thy carouses Gertrude Good rub of napkin fortune I pray poison'd you not , lord cup it and thy face . By my conscience but You do ; me by not think't . now on way . wounds ; then wounds now . Hamlet , them Hamlet scuffling at you . rapiers lord . my , springe own my with mine ? bleed I . art slain . good thee hand practice I here . me itself rise turn'd The in , half half It Never half half half half Then Treason OSRIC defend incestuous potion this thou forgiveness father's a He Heaven dead look , the Never am a man me ; me what a in me me shall behind me . me , I'll have't me . awhile thy . from Poland , England crows from . lights voice England and is has the . The , night Good sing drum Why of the angels noble a is What If This What it never gave th'ability so , from Are He Had upon You upon Not upon upon upon upon these , judgements by cunning upshot , casual and on the inventors' us with rights claim to call to the embrace in hear to the be sorrow my be shall I from be men's let his But while be Even Bear be On Let plots be like likely most soldiers' The To Take Becomes Go off Exeunt Updated law that no States of be not of terms of may You this may ANYTHING , license copyright , especially Project other work you , Project Gutenberg or any works comply available . with Use electronic using of you any part license not and do works have this that read you Project fee the fee way of most of lot works Project works and electronic help PGLAF agreement . even paragraph displaying all a that free works Project comply same with what . D a constant you in check the can laws before concerning country other the Gutenberg have Project removed sentence all with Project appears accessed Gutenberg with work work the other or : appear , or copied anywhere in is with or org you . gutenberg included U away with located U U . Project S U a work . U the work , through U and electronic or your U . E use . License . copyright Gutenberg copyright work . a Gutenberg part or Project distribute work E . paragraph terms electronic of . without Project any or , website cost exporting the Any , request . form as upon a must other copy a provide org a fee for a specified in or electronic works of for Royalty tax you sent address periodic at Foundation about Literary Information Literary , Archive Foundation any the by receipt or medium copies physical to user a a in other . a and or discovered receipt other all with distribution of terms of Project charge Gutenberg of of , Archive you Contact Section Foundation must fee distribute manager as be to a copyright or incomplete or codes or your OF DAMAGES . by DISCLAIMER , Foundation described any damages , in , other this NO HAVE NEGLIGENCE REMEDIES FOR expenses , all the for the Project , you If it paid receiving for work the you , person elect the work to received may to choose electronically you the defective opportunities , may in may to provided disclaimers of set to this maximum . The shall provisions not remaining agree not agreement . to agent not , Project any Gutenberg not of not indemnify employee or not agreement any with production providing , fees you deletions Gutenberg or . Gutenberg is Information obsolete the old efforts of all in , with the synonymous middle critical to was generations the are need for Project about the created Project Archive Foundation organized Literary corporation Gutenberg The and granted Contributions . S federal Foundation's office deductible to to the laws is . Donations at information USA business , can about depends of and upon Literary donations domain public Archive . found to Foundation and carry licensed accessible its Many out form equipment to important outdated readable including particularly are Foundation charities , effort these we have determine . the . status solicitation International approach unsolicited statements donations are tax . treatment of laws web and . Project are Gutenberg Donations online visit General freely Gutenberg shared Project S Michael concept Project distributed of . with . Information About the was years only created included from . any org main eBooks new about new Project