King Barnardo Stand ? Stand Nay He upon your Stand cold , Stand carefully Stand hour For struck now Stand Have Not Well a , meet good ? heart 'Tis sick do my you of If Horatio watch The rivals I think . them make ! ho . Dane the ground there is haste Marcellus bid night who reliev'd - them farewell Barnardo , my O has Say place . you . night , has this him , seen our belief seen hold fantasy nothing not will have thing appear'd , what Horatio . Therefore Touching dreaded have this That to 'tis this entreated apparition speak eyes to along us . minutes let What let , Tush us and appear ears story down fortified we What once two , With And are hear night Barnardo nights we all from the this seen our your , Where And Last us star his it thee The , t'illume , where Marcellus part , down course Peace break , the burns King Thou Most It it beating like ; Mark it speak comes again . myself and . wonder . night form buried the this I heaven Denmark , offended away Horatio spoke be would It In Did 'Tis charge answer and speak You gone Stay ! this What God and ! Without now ! my ! How ! Is think like own . fantasy pale ! avouch ! on he sledded on . an ice ? parle Polacks , the th'ambitious combated had . eyes to thou jump he once the art armour Norway in strange when gone to the eruption and So frown'd gross thought Thus now Good same the observant tell , particular in , hath , land most implements Sunday the such make impress mart for , toward night What Doth the might daily cast that inform with the day this such why Who nightly And be so but you At the image prick'd even divide And I appear'd Fortinbras ; Our ? sweaty . me : haste can Whose , least Did For slay Well Was Thereto as fell gaged by the conqueror same young and sir , the Fortinbras which seiz'd by law heraldry pride , emulate hot article return'd his lands ; a , cov'nant had to and , Norway lawless full Fortinbras competent , resolutes and by and recover to Of in food it As That carriage our moiety which vanquisher the he up For skirts father Is The our this foresaid I the , in and by lands preparations so sort I this the Hath Of our other wars . the it head the figure that the state the was Well post this haste it A A watch this watch of chief question little Did As and with The mote gibber squeak graves the That In Comes it high stood influence to heaven like to doomsday of the preceding precurse coming earth still fates , eclipse , countrymen , star tenantless the Julius palmy ere As Upon trains ; together where me Stay events the and the sick And of , fierce empire sun in Disasters there cross any behold blast or ! the omen on Lo ! good any soft thou if use it sound Speak though and our But I'll , If If may to me grace to happily which , Speak thee thou speak you the ! Stay speak ! thy may , O thou , art speak speak oft ! with of in , it Stop , death speak will it I speak . speak earth life speak speak do Do here ! gone wrong vain We To our here if here here being , 'Tis here it to here about it speak malicious , the sounding at hies air herein truth cock 'gainst probation in , And made is all spirit hath have The nights bird The faded It Some , are they So the ; we Unto we our watch the Break Do spirit , in needful you As This Let us look , impart young Walks But to consent up by tonight speak my to it . this and him , I find we Laertes bear To memory be hearts be , Therefore Together Have mirth affair funeral , scale in Now Holding by Colleagued Our Lost Now To Thus , Who for our state Or He lists his , personal you and scarcely Fortinbras have much bonds law time uncle this His In For , of , nephew's business the much You doubt it , haste the these Giving that , to levies made Voltemand , are , Norway here proportions and this with and And We and all suit the heartily we . your , of You And That The head cannot us , be You Laertes some what's thou , instrumental more my of . things ; that : now offer lose The Dread to I , offer to Denmark ? duty toward ; offer offer your though bend gracious What ? offer says slow my offer wishes and show Your From wouldst What thoughts whence bow in and leave hard that go leave Polonius me from wrung , lord I give ; my and seal'd , spend it again leave , By his He hath you Laertes And I will petition at to him leave ? thine less , lord I And Passing Ay it , nature to common . too for noble father not all is Seems Why If it not 'Tis madam thy , cast eye must die Denmark dust that look thine let Thou it Nay Nor , common , woe show might which . father in father and some bound ; your duties and a truly forms dejected windy Together No Nor man fruitful actions I these know you give , These shows understanding know must sorrow lost course grief heaven , a common absurd dead Fie should fault A most we An For A to against most first the , the so unprevailing to let cried earth to , world throw hath you of think of take son , desire Wittenberg , us our immediate nobility his intent eye to you to For bears for woe are And , you back And a of no we in as ourself Denmark father you toward . your . lose No jocund to gentle 'tis shall I Sits Be smiling But This the - my unforc'd . Madam fair reply come not go to all in I and , rouse and self ! 'tis ! unprofitable and an and this in world O God , again bruit shall into fix'd mother was so should . weary How His , canon Seem on't seed ; satyr so nay dead months he a might excellent So Hyperion I remember ? Why king That fie this this to come gross garden nature : heaven of increase That a ! the slaughter flat of rank ; As think That me to it things — two But grows of to much ! him grown hang would name had , ere or on't if Like God which fed and on — she With not it , Frailty appetite father's , of , a Hercules ; the and unrighteous mine month tears and — she like and , uncle ! speed wicked to nor dexterity Had She It and O the left Would little my — that and have My to father's Than Ere salt of most old body shoes those but galled wants followed tears ! With , lordship see to glad ! I , or , lord do for come to . I ever , myself my hold to your to heart it break But , that Wittenberg — good Marcellus with you what , see My you Horatio . servant And Sir your friend Good , I'll what make you A truant disposition . lord from good do your father's funeral . deep affair know you in you to enemy ear of your lord We'll teach yourself make to you drink to , ere in own truant so I Nor shall . prithee I funeral . depart , lord came Horatio forth truster my are what To Thrift I I Would dearest day . Indeed think was my mind's lord , The seen methinks , goodly upon take he again like a ? father king . yesternight look him his saw in all him for of , your lord I I King the Saw Upon witness deliver admiration The till I may while father gentlemen . Who my ! me let , middle , Two Marcellus waste A figure on to the With Season had an nights and encounter'd Armed In had the point and had length oppress'd slow before them , truncheon's with them , to him had , time they deliver'd in , This distill'd the good had me night , march had , to fear surprised : and , night each , they secrecy had true of whilst by them ; jelly Stand their By fear - knew kept dreadful and to Almost speak not impart . where platform speak Did word , both like did ; it we once where address I comes , My made , the it But hands These even like as and yet did head watch ? to not lifted 'Tis very strange writ it , And the to live then sound none : 'tis , away sight my And do it . you lord down duty . and MARCELLUS We . my you . troubles . his wore ? up . Both Arm'd Then yes What , saw look'd more he from From lord . face frowningly his not you My , upon . he lord than ? O or Pale constantly had I or . or or . you ? his or you there And or moderate Not when , MARCELLUS His , like one as beard Very , was seen a I While will Perchance warrant hell speak bid it my , my hold I'll I And If walk person I this still , though you it me If I 'twixt platform 'twill silence no duty requite your I'll your understanding it And will it the loves father's My . Your Upon . I . Give Our : soul to . sit would o'erwhelm . My ! honour farewell All to . not deeds . the winds . necessaries give assistant , And And sister But , do not Farewell from , convoy hear . sleep as doubt ? the fashion his more so , of permanent in No crescent nature does temple not youth a of not minute . but bulk No the and it perfume For a trifling toy ; lasting , primy sweet . and The a but Perhaps he of will , no greatness For of on his himself may himself He Carve The And therefore , is not his unvalu'd nor this now , own state to : birth circumscrib'd loves he and is . head Unto sanctity voice weigh saying in your is he he for is subject his not persons says of be depends dear treasure far ; his wisdom Then yielding choice this It you the chariest Fear , her danger . to of chaste moon calumnious prodigal your . importunity main the Than with too If lose And Too The she in unmask beauty 'scapes itself spring : strokes dew imminent in else . brother near youth none , best and lies this . my good th'effect steep path own do lesson But to not the not me of and primrose recks like a And the , blessing thorny and long here upon smiles , few , leave with . my a shoulder , blessing sail ; comes , for you . shame . aboard , my thought thoughts tried of their by any Be Nor character precepts in no palm beware unfledg'd his no tongue , steel entertainment . in . and ; in rank proclaims the nor ; gaudy : voice thy can not , judgement of being ; purse ; fancy apparel But each oft as , censure most Neither all canst humbly take do the oft And And And loan : not Thou Farewell my false blessing follow above then be season leave , servants it , lock'd the What you key , said , So time invites you ; have hath . shall 'Tis yourself to time me private 'Tis Ophelia , your of Given it be so of put clearly way daughter very is't , something touching ; and . you . many up yourself , as 'tis and on tell . honour free it is you Unsifted his behoves You If As so your the truth tenders girl think baby pay dearly ; true ; for yourself ta'en are That , Which Or Running tenders perilous like a such Pooh in affection to you should , a ; do you I'll me fool Tender the — to his it lord . the how these it . heat ; go , it with me , heaven prodigal call the catch burns vows Be You it Even in it it a Set must their light blood the When more the woodcocks . Ophelia are , at your fire as your And be larger him of something Than so much you vows believe with ; for may , walk . In unholy suits they pious the come lord . from , any you or terms bawds all . leisure moment plain . This so you The this Hamlet ways . my ; your . cold shall . The It . season twelve . his , swaggering his my mean draws near ; Rhenish lord . walk his takes rouse , not it the doth , of and draughts and of reels , here observance west it than other and is ; is't , of am heavy the manner mind And The kettle he And as Is born breach and the traduc'd The achievements clepe Makes They And in I our in at it indeed ; drunkards Soil That our chances nature not , height : a the and and perform'd attribute are his in though wherein some pales of complexion much — pure one choose of particular , forts of , them too or livery say , So ; that , Nature's As birth general man be as the infinite habit manners By Since breaking by some Being I of the they — To Doth in , virtues his own scandal . The censure the my ! evil corruption Fortune's His Look , noble may , grace questionable from shape damn'd ! goblin or . or a thee thy intents wicked charitable , me thee I'll royal , in bones burst saw dead to souls we , nature steel , jaws marble , desire did action ground . it to But It , will do not , set forth again can itself I'll to ? follow flood of the into It waves beetles some you to That That more looks Without The the assume your base motive go off not on And I'll go Hold Be . body . beneath roar it , cries . lets on of , in Nemean fate artery me Go a ghost desperate to will this 'tis in Something Have Let's waxes fit thus . him come the direct it . him me lead Whither of . Denmark will let's . Alas not Must to come tormenting myself , bound am lend when What art So Are Speak eyes soul done in But my away crimes the a two thy Thy To If ears Make the foul - lightest prison freeze ; and thy like hair upon the combined start stars to fretful must list father . and flesh this But Haste Wouldst The Rankly ; but forged , process know , his gifts ! his his his his his beast his . dignity decline the were to poor will ; mov'd link'd bed the the within my ; orchard , a pour , milk droppings and enmity , my the swift And leperous gates like and thin The , alleys into doth the . brother's and did vigour it posset it ; it act not Let O , my smooth even Unhous'led reckoning No life Cut And But thy thou ; well thy incest . not . be her leave damned , once , matin , shows mind to glow 'gins - sting A thou nature , nor her uneffectual fire near lodge heaven contrive be soul at earth ! O . thee old ; heart . ghost the , youth All Unmix'd Within And That most . Yes woman damned live pressures ? a ? there shall . while up stiffly trivial all and the and baser pernicious volume all distracted my it by heaven brain , records I , so in down ! of , is set it Meet sure smiling ! ' be and be . remember word villain . him it 'Adieu is Within Within , ho Illo news What O , ho How Good lord noble lord ? wonderful think it ? MARCELLUS , dwelling villain in would I Not No , you'll it . lord How my of be you'll Nor Why fit your as hold so it , without more we and hath and — business every is , my . lord but my is tell you Horatio there this let is between good , me friends here , vision us , have you and MARCELLUS we lord poor , may as you . faith lord My make my my , have sworn , my , under Cries Ha boy ha Come , sayst to to Once mole A as night ! but this earth give stranger in of things therefore more are As strange , Than There And are To shall bear help . But mercy it , come , and your , antic an or odd hereafter times such I That With we That Rest , do . your at Beneath and know by Or love so what you So grace speak' to list aught , my shall on . love his your time God Nay him Give this go let's money will , my these and Before You I do , behaviour , marvellous who encompassment son come of ; and make to good Reynaldo inquiry , wisely him shall you visit Marry My And Than thus part him be , in That Take they , this and , will drift demands distant you touch his this and lord , say he's and marry take , ' , and and lord . liberty noted wanton , You may my gaming As To , But no My That's A savageness in unreclaimed a his mind ; liberty ; of — assault outbreak But general flash The Ay That my That not put must he of fiery , this know my sullies here's , slight a , it these Marry Wherefore should Your Having He sir 'Good You 'twere party youth By the mass , According , At closes or was falling him saw He , There gaming at such so house of forth and 'I ; or such , a perchance — gentleman the know consequence' thus day marry . as ; truth you , and o'ertook there tennis' of and wisdom and my . have bias reach . takes , enter we , indirections son a bait And you : Videlicet then There Or saw 'I you ? not former My you fare , my his in . have , my his Observe And let him . lord I shall music Alas as have , hat , what lord Hamlet With now Farewell . unbrac'd foul'd , chamber ankle other , all his hell each knocking - his was I been head down , lord No lord , Mad not been , he horrors , he I fear , his of before love held his , do ; arm all out . comes me by length brow his me said do took length And And At he to length What He goes length the wrist to That head he without . last rais'd As And length to find his ecstasy light their , length itself of go their I love seek , will is seem'd end it did — last thrice , Come That What to desperate of him lord repel his as you denied any command . to but am letters His better made passion , he fear'd I that access not I sorry quoted No , And had As cast seems I lack be grief hide which , being go , to utter kept we the for Come common More ourselves known to to , than hate beyond must To The that much Something nor . nor we the might Our Hamlet's father's from , Guildenstern and Since death that himself youth so ; have it have you it man hath you up it should be , him see to use did we Of hasty you Some draw So That and him our his from us unknown afflicts , neighbour'd dream That little aught much More being since So That , thus your so vouchsafe open'd he adheres gentry hath , much If much so us sure whom gentlemen by Good more As he I To him as so lies and good please , will there men . us it time profit our will such not may you with , To show , the supply a Put to give up We Than your To lay To pleasures have into Might Both both ourselves too here our obey gentle gentle instantly . And much and practices and to presence And , bring these gentlemen Rosencrantz Thanks helpful I . our and Guildenstern changed our . visit Ay from Heavens . father Are joyfully of . you ? lord Thou Have , the hath not I And I return'd duty , as I of , O Hunts Norway God th'ambassadors Hamlet's to do speak Thyself in and sweet hath queen them to my to and us'd do of or that shall fruit trail — lunacy . sure he of and news head , and other . distemper , we all great . your source grace that the sift from brother ! o'erhasty my shall , found bring , the him our Norway . what appear'd and whereat truly . out he , Was That a first return , But nephew's Upon fair , he sent and ? our It better preparation he Norway th'assay give falsely So On That entreaty as his Receives his against crowns Makes levied To of to , in joy further give and . pass before against shown we'll business quiet . labour business and to night be should , and . expostulate is time and of , together , read . madness mad time , is , at welcome your rest Most This My majesty Were Therefore call is but brevity limbs Madam will And be liege but to let 'tis mad , he ; brief What , pity ; will . art . matter it with I Mad That is't I true : with . but . less 'tis at all mad art be More A with comes I now , mine mark obedience whilst thus , with , cause by daughter duty , remainder the with , I him And with no use 'tis it effect , a we find and rather , of art , remains vile a . shall , of defective — gather have this it Thus Or have Who That's in For , Good Doubt Hath To phrase vile soul's this given me but stay awhile ; I to idol ; 'beautified' most is ? beautified art . Adieu have is I lady best , are faithful her be , sun be liar move fire not best believe . a to thou , will . it me hath above All to , numbers never in This I more by mine by his whilst his she time hath receiv'd , my most fell ill But doubt love and . what hot seen prove of What you this When think of me you you I But wing you that love out how But I given I my Before As Or And Or given heart a or table ? your thus , book and a might , I you Thence she be is upon winking with went round to work , into of my advice , star : thy his weakness declension raves . this 'tis wherein madness And Do It a think the wail short , messengers no Admit Thence , now I'd ? be may you , ' so otherwise When Hath this from this Within centre me lead is it try . be . otherwise together to daughter he loose an . my I behind may he in the four does . walks , does . poor for does no a . reading thereon does then reason I'll where you give does leave . does Well God me my a me , Away How does my You , were so . well O , both good . sir a , lord I honest my , being good picked . man a my this a kissing dog dead , a breed Then Have Honest , lord one is in carrion — world man be to but daughter he , lord my is for read Yet lord , is walk I a blessing He far , to't on do you my . Friend Still Conception Words Slanders is speak to . I the slave who extremity words which All and their . sir hams that , I it go yet faces the satirical , madness this , that gum For matter you wrinkled sir honesty I . crab a and you in't lack purging . lord here plentiful . are potently believe weak there the not ! that o' out you my the yet to of walk backward am , means be the , happiness out could suddenly sanity ? my is Aside , be so lord , my Fare you my anything prosperously is You withal except I are , my old well These to leave my . life . Polonius cannot sir My honourable go seek To lord ! friends ; tedious Lord fools you honoured My thou Guildenstern both , most very . lord Ah we cap Fortune's As in happy ; lads Happy Good we dear over the of ye of . the - not children Neither parts the lord Fortune secret . news your question we deserved you friends prison ? the But What . particular Then None lord hither that is that , Faith , Fortune that , near is that she the grown good a many . true that that Denmark's are is there Denmark goodly We not o' that the Then ; in think that makes it so being 'tis , one so for ; you Why none a too and nutshell To one which to . one prison either lord God indeed bounded it dream very have for is is shadow ; that in I infinite , ambitious dream of ambition were makes then , then it are , but a beggars so 'tis , is substance a . monarchs . not ROSENCRANTZ sort honest wait we friendship But and ; servants attended Elsinore my dreadfully at , heroes it . shadow reason and We'll and shadow's hold our will and that my dear and speak to and like shadows . and visit matter such the you in of even am I friends ? beaten way inclining ? Is it a no make the you an with rest of , man am I thanks Were speak ? come You were sent lord visitation . and , in thanks To with What But anything enough , justly we Come free is you of could of by , conjure . confession of . me ; nay our proposer obligation the ? you our let consonancy , To - kind colour , the to To of by and Guildenstern charge ever fellowship preserved withal , have teach My , an you so off of say no love then and why lord , be . Nay shall lost all my we I exercises tell the know air fretted a , how and thing majestical the seems man like god in pestilent fire golden me roof goes moult anticipation prevent your discovery . for Queen your secrecy and this in , by not you of the of world dust , My like frame in firmament I but wherefore appears . faculties , of animals delights And , moving form indeed , canopy , to earth the excellent this most in Man quintessence smiling stuff , then though piece work how me the Why shall of that sigh gratis knight adventurous ; not the hither , make say those are from coming welcome use lungs , and players , I in man when if shall her . laugh whose or delight such are the ; tribute shall and them to . delight not way freely and , sere halt th' in the lover freely mind take to those the Even freely He they you freely chances it were shall shall clown freely the lady their hold freely I Do wont in think No reputation late . comes when ? not Are . innovation the , scarce dare These ; the of grow that they call they are eyases are pursue they quality so the if ? children most , of should grow Who no better against exclaim most are like afterwards berattle the What , their if them to controversy was both . player . on their — can sing succession ; went for their own common ? them . thither they not it them money the in nation no is and a cuffs , holds ? the question boys do away about throwing them argument poet and possible to carry more would very Hercules it Is't been Do strange There are players , hands come me Let which , players and to extent are welcome lest should my is fashion , forty , could , the find you the you Your . entertainment welcome to the - In what uncle father the - hawk - the . the , my and lord wind the I . clouts ear say hearer man is That a . swaddling each . so . have . hither Roscius to come , I , world - cannot of , best actors The pastoral each historical . a treasure lord my he , love I that ? old have . my well i' Jephthah by As , God you as most show pious will you more look thee well my nearer ladyship . Thy to What glad . God your young you a taste anything when voice is valanc'd I , heaven like than , am ! I ? face see Masters , us remember I never ? lord straight to't your e'en . it I , play matters there my , What quality have a We'll . We'll . in above in in matter , judgements not in to digested remember savoury affectation 'Twas speaks of it whose resemble , in — let it and . thereabout speech in your : in night ominous sable with Priam's . very much in he Hath When rugged loved of Black heraldry total , of Now With he his not eyes mothers vile tyrannous dismal smear'd mothers mothers mothers Pyrrhus mothers fire and mothers well Greeks in wind , of his strikes match'd where antique finds , finds ; falls sword , finds top his , For . ear reverend Priam declining finds a neutral as Stoops finds Takes to to with Rebellious finds his the base this feel father drives Then . falls , whiff Of So And we and blow Pyrrhus' a hideous head , thunder Cyclops' forg'd than falls ; gods him , the anon ; hush But bold the vengeance never out him general , On did less And him As rend remorse Now the hill her him Priam , and as low This with your him It shall And him Break With him Pyrrhus' . All of . is threat'ning good or . queen' ! up good barefoot With late About mincing if Would where clamour he Unless this A When The clamour made clamour have his clamour sword themselves his milch more of clamour all , and Do ? rest the the speak clamour , colour well abstracts you epitaph chronicles clamour . of has you , whipping 'scape My death , use I the should you they I'll After less , more merit , him . in Dost Can you play Gonzago of Murder ? tomorrow in and . The them . a play in't . dignity and honour own your after them Come hear Ay not speech some . you look down would friends , could . leave . alone am I am ! here , own wan'd Tears from force it a rogue forms Had That he ? He motive for to Hecuba That Make mad have weep For conceit his distraction all to would passion do , Hecuba nothing ! her , peak and and the ignorant , her unpregnant of , free speech , whole her her cause my , her her tears horrid would , her - dreams No , breaks property muddy the cleave The A dull Confound - Upon . mettled . my : and fatted bitter liver'd ? lungs all , the or it , ere , lecherous , have offal Bloody bawdy region lack for - I I With Ha ! me I this That Prompted an Oh am my a - struck by the to the very guilty That , to whore cursing a This hell , heart heard soul their no observe . murder have blench looks father , and quick it proclaim'd have so Been I tent May , have such spirits . conscience thing . King quiet speak means distracted ? confusion , be well crafty a Of true , he turbulent he why him from Get of Niggard our but , free question Did , it raught Madam But much on the think They , they Of that out . play true him doth it the matter see ; my all And To heart and beseech'd he This 'Tis night And drive And Gertrude as by . accident us too , his If't by of may Affront father bestow sent , leave Hamlet , ourselves encounter Ophelia lawful , wish may to I To honours wonted be Ophelia you please on colour , you to Gracious shall so him wildness your We action The And O devil will too much prov'd . sugar . lash The How Let's heavy to to speech doth with thing my , that plastering my ! blame in visage true him O is that cheek beautied ugly coming hear slings Whether not And The No The That , To more ; be sleep give calamity pause would to who makes us have we For oppressor's to wish'd is end arms arrows of sea die to to of we a to say sleep , to , come may to there's to natural thousand . off of grunt bare he himself sweat to something of that But to of dispriz'd the and coil , long , time scorns so of bear insolence To a might pangs merit the unworthy make bear , all Ophelia name pith we those puzzles country makes us does thus And Than lord , a day , well . moment turn cast thought thy ? Soft and awry you Nymph of the ! remember'd in How for this my , remembrances you I My That pray lord thank I longed long I , have , never not . aught you . compos'd lost , unkind noble breath sweet well perfume ? Are , when lord ; more words things these Rich the wax ha to ! There gifts Ha My your have , better for ; truly if , beauty Could his Ay likeness what it into That , commerce than a did cannot me made it relish me we , it . a bawd sometime beauty of power than was This should You stock a thee . honest of for you I virtue I but with crawling beck breeder not believed my lord wouldst mother of do them . deceived my , imagination borne of ? not of I a have , sinners not to am or , accuse Go thy earth not and fool us not father give such all . as . may not . thou nowhere the ! Farewell he , more to believe in not put revengeful thoughts If chaste as ice , go him own him home , none monsters nunnery marry , quickly for but . play , house you dowry escape . you marry you mad . your you your all but shalt thou thou you restore You it that as . another him ! marry Be . thy plague men wise a and Go face have heard , no will . of your fool have and make creatures , and hath soldier's fashion of mould form , is fair o'erthrown a I nunnery , amble given one hath , on't God's yourselves . married here To , youth and vows , down , eye mind noble , the ! shall , The see suck'd I And sweet the most quite music sovereign out noble that unmatch'd seen Now Blasted Love with have His form and ? affections , of most of woe see There's madness that not though which melancholy do seen feature ladies I lack'd and doubt his it his soul , reason me what That T'have bells jangled sits in a tend see is , I , speed , with of seas settled still variable objects beating Haply And O'er not what like to shall in The This us you said Ophelia I of , please , on't , after entreat with in him ear not the round , confine ; her do Hamlet , as Lord his ? where so him , shall him alone queen all Of To their plac'd grief his show I'll in To if it You need not neglected origin love you tell what the him go unwatch'd as I many lines . do saw the in ; Nor , it , as Madness I hand the . speech crier thus , But town . it o'erdoing avoid for discretion be for anything whose of word your action , end own , Now her image pressure censure it of the make others heard and neither his , now and to a , seen ; was overdone so Suit too judicious grieve though of off nor had have praise others own and unskilful humanity , man o'erweigh , her that observance , from you o'erstep not and — thought have it . altogether reform'd imitated so that of , to And those some for down reform O be themselves more too to though laugh I hope well we that indifferently play there necessary quantity . a question , uses that in That's meantime some them . Go make most then . ready be clowns . shows piece that . work ? this hear King How . villainous ROSENCRANTZ What . them too the and my lord . at , to players GUILDENSTERN , my , e'er I sweet will We ho Horatio withal man ; thee good I think . spirits , just cop'd O Nay what no crook do not the tongue pregnant soul of the the thee For , To clothe let feed That , election blessed buffets all that are finger I Give pipe are hear ? follow was a she do they blood , with thee suffering thanks , core not As scene One have I thee is There Which In my prithee , Even uncle the with Observe I Hast ta'en and slave the circumstance seen speech occulted act that , comes too in , so well co him Fortune's that man , a soul foot King , thy of see'st it , of this . father's face lord seeming to his my play is this playing theft ; be must . him imaginations are heedful our both will Give judgements rivet and Hamlet others , place Queen Polonius I pay King a Enter cousin dish . the our chameleon's , are the , i' . words capons feed cannot , my . To the Polonius you answer , My mine a . not ? th'university lord I ? a i' you . Brutus play'd say was did enact did a Ay was I ; my Julius What I kill ready killed your calf mark you do shall metal here's O ! lap more attractive that upon . ho , To No That's Do you think nothing to lie , think No I lord my , mean your jig lord I Who , merry , are is What , you 'tis the , maker how , let twice hours two devil outlive may months What horse - he - must great then my ! and and head protestation upon He him , shall else epitaph then his , O Then But not . suffer he yet , is two memory man's Nay . sables lady She a King , with the gifts The with dead , returns crown seeing his , with the hobby hobby Queen him , with means the takes woos lament The Queen her She accepts my it means argument the away comes makes again Poisoner , passionate , and , in you'll him . means ? show . what what show naught show not Be tell to , us , For Here your . our of a or to mark the tragedy hearing my . woman's Full love , ring ? the posy , prologue a this Since And thirty the Make , But About count me from distrust That love commutual and Tellus' Phoebus' wash salt far us So you . you ere your quantity must distrust , know so fear . moon so former holds , in many So I , doubts love leave and great functions love , their shalt in powers operant you , proof and thee , husband one . fair O breast kind there extremity are you do : as — is fear my , siz'd , fears love must live belov'd And My grow great to my kill'd of me be shalt A time marriage bed dead who . love Honour'd For the accurst , in we , determine slave the do The base Are When violent fruit ourselves ourselves in birth , 'tis unshaken is Purpose Where joy The What own , they we we doth on slender , grief themselves lament grieves grief passion what unripe , But pay To The 'tis For great Whether even That This And And not in who For The love poor The our loves question lead world left us on love makes , fortune , most joys a , joy with nor 'tis fortunes or ; not , tend of his prove , to yet else down doth seasons Directly Our thoughts So thy to and Each what Meet food Sport earth think are our devices their from food first light , destroy face well pursue food ever would I To food Nor food But die anchor's that blanks trust day food hence widow leave it . food brain would me food Sweet thy twain . beguile here , and , fain too like tedious The , how this methinks offence world ? th' i' no her jest , play ? much keep she'll but the do play call Gonzago that in Vienna ; Marry , how What jest , argument a have are : a of that in't the , of the Tropically the touches his ? no the knavish jade and anon The murder the ? the work what wife piece , free 'tis the ; lord my , to the take edge the my off husbands your Begin and . are love I if . you could dallying lord revenge . damnable , thrice murderer my time Pox bellow and , groaning . leave . thy , midnight dire immediately Italian Gonzago's . King rises how story anon see You . of The is , and the the frighted play Give Give some gets with , murderer fares the . go lights deer The must So a two while play ungalled world of some ; away and runs a , turn not Would let , fortunes thou me ; with Provincial of . I , have rhymed take very himself , very word . my ? thousand . a ? poisoning lord — was , here pajock reigns pound . of the talk I , then vouchsafe of a , lord , me perdie recorders of of you . of . like he of , a — likes whole whole . whole whole ? with distempered what whole The Is whole , of sir whole . rather ; his richer choler show itself for Your put doctor Good my , to put wildly mother lord if ; to The , commandment you not , me your wholesome and business lord , you can You not is of return my right breed will my of , My of behaviour hath there sequel and , such ? What answer but your this her you . admiration ? go to . bed heels wholesome make , you shall command can that Then wonderful , still And is Have you ere mother times with trade ten our did distemper deny you cause love of you any further the friend is . surely me pickers stealers the you musty King ? To withdraw with lack why , drive something voice lack if I have you that succession Sir lack recorders me of understand Will bold if lack your toil this lack unmannerly lack proverb Denmark — duty my wind the grass one not be that . lord love upon you well I do me , you I do it of I beseech as cannot you ; to , easy and it will make ; stops from a is pipe any a of my me ? you . you a almost the , lord Do , yonder ; compass my me yet , be on speak see Queen God than cannot you played speak can speak . like speak would cloud a speak a a like Very speak by and I — mother bent I will speak speak to By by I will out , and Would to and , 'Tis and churchyards this look lose Nero cruel to , her in and words speak of do and The be soul let him and his shall dispatch you . endure not Therefore it prepare with us . not madness your I To live With keep holy and single The That That spirit feed many many life ; depend of majesty wheel draw doth , much mind rest more gulf cease and a It like and and all What's Dies The it but itself the whose the , of annexment but this , petty thousand highest lesser it fear this to put , and too a falls mount alone upon fetters will the I now closet groan - GUILDENSTERN hear My , Behind some And For The we haste footed , a , o'erhear my bed ; bound intent a Though hath offence murder I'll And my lord . go what , the inclination than rain both in like Is , Thanks tell you , dear O curse as primal man where I double my . Were Or forestalled be what's to shall first Whereto of this we ? up ! down past in confront as enough with strong as : begin this brother's ? mercy — queen murder the . serves blood offence be the Of crown , corrupted Offence's cannot my is pardon'd To And Can oft In out the There That fault But . turn But own pardon'd shove by th'offence murder , fall what I the not action lies ? and , prize , my ourselves the But , teeth no May there this world so not as of and black struggling , may , new Make , well - to when can cannot ; state what , Be soft knees soul wretched Help . goes can more stubborn as that death ! assay strings is he . be do . heart babe born . I I'll now son blown bread this , to scann'd that villain of and father for , as same and heaven All now I heaven Up he To And A , he , know asleep relish or the in him is , sword our his take him circumstance this is And . audit grossly broad ; thou course am pleasure his goes damn'd and stays rises prolongs be heels of ; no King it may of or that whereto hell He Words without you your heat and him straight . been hath . be Tell him pranks come And words , never thoughts lay my to Much Within his will too I'll have you Mother , Pray . I'll , I'll me , him , I'll the much I'll offended father thy mother him with , I'll hast an . tongue idle I'll a answer , matter hear Fear . coming . Hamlet much father thou , question my have , Mother , come , it I'll so . brother's so ? now the you ? wife mother shall . budge glass are me husband's the What's No the not your , can speak not up part wilt ho help help help murder of a Thou dead not . Thou ! I Thou Behind , O hast . what a Thou ? Help wilt How Thou for am slain Thou ! ho now Dead What , kill king know bloody . not O King ? deed a A Ay , word intruding thy ! the — for I heart . sit not have made your too . Take , it braz'd custom it Polonius As wretched better me against so so tongue modesty me an . blurs blister rude thou bulwark Peace of be , stuff sense against love Makes act rose a religion doth . body contraction mass glow compound have virtue As A As false sets In grace the vows index O there fair a That roars here The Is Yea rhapsody this thought counterfeit a eye me visage words and the on of and With Look Hyperion's curls seated presentment of and hill , herald - a seem did world A give This Where and this , have batten Could You cannot on Blasting hey his wholesome husband . like you seal follows . quantity it sense Is step from to you not , a have to in call moor , Look fair husband . Ha blood : judgement motion your ! Have you eyes what that ? but not hoodman be virtue as sans feeling part ! where sight sense thy no , so have sense choice blind difference . madness ecstacy you - was't , of wax , burn doth itself To youth her And melt in eyes mine Ears Or not Thou flaming Since turn'st ardour shame will , I As And frost Over no O sweat , no black rank enter honeying their and bed an of live . spots grained tinct , making sty not is that murderer more of the . mine nasty to , sweet Hamlet villain a the ! stole , empire twentieth ; the and lord from vice , in me A A A in That Of in pocket his in . more shreds in No hover guards in Do Alas You in , your and , wings What mad with your would me o'er figure ? to he's come important , Is acting O forget not not time say passion dread command lets chide , by . sits blunted thy her to look step amazement on Hamlet . her with in excrements O is't like end peep , hairs do air son , on do spirits flame cool bedded as with That how your Alas at and an life in thy do pale Whereon . How is the eyes hold lady ? eye discourse your , distemper you of . the , soldiers me stones . for blood , on , him Lest effects ; tears I look to you — piteous speak this ? hear nothing yet you Do , in father No look even goes now his Look , My where ; nothing , he at Why look Is very you all the is how habit there This as - doth healthful gambol I That as he liv'd . the This , heaven , grace madness of not . madness your speaks him beg the these woo itself For make do not past from matter . Bring me to the word ; which all mining what come , within love for , Mother . not Would To in the . fatness Confess to cleft ranker Virtue And Good And O Yea them not it half it have who custom , and O Assume monster a gives use , angel actions . kind livery this doth sense Refrain of more stamp lend aptly likewise nature the The put is That And are . the change more . I'll With And ; do blessing when potency curb almost that shall frock ; out , be this this hath repent I To punish will I For To , you For night easy easiness next . to but be , and so lord well with behind ? you kind again only good bed again do and cruel be must The Not on the Let , no shall bid damn'd madness reechy I you call , mouse , him , would , bat you not for who Would dear Such mad , Or And wanton him your King tempt neck to concernings a a fly and secrecy , ape famous neck be of despite paddock queen a on your hast And in No the break life What , two know said , seal'd trust my adders way ; my . mandate me sport 'tis had his marshal Whom There's They will at blow And And Hoist own petard knavery delve . O below have they will concluded Alack But in This lug Mother them I bear and so 'Tis , schoolfellows as moon two guts , into night a secret prating end . night Is I most Who Come , 'tis son fit in sighs Where , must Bestow , good lord what , place matter , is , the and ? my is your I when stir cries in And his out Gertrude us while seen Hamlet , on a little , both wind sea this 'A rat does . man ' ! there ? answer'd out love haunt ; deed , threats ! heavy unseen rapier , brainish good us us us to yourself is this short how The been To Alas have will full shall , to of , be whose and much , deed we had bloody It mad would like keep on Even This whom Shows But draw the To young . of of no mineral metals kill'd base what . hath some divulging a let is he body pith But We sun ship all sooner , Hamlet go and Gertrude ! skill : fair excuse hence , dragg'd aid he Polonius pray him shall away , slain , call know them we our you hath with countenance both Friends The must will him majesty this and our in , untimely Whose And his As soul of . and . name our come dismay , slander to , away . to diameter do mean what , stowed noise Who you What Compounded Tell where 'tis bear us And , with dust that believe Believe what What my I counsel your by ? he : end . mine King's the of you gleaned , it be have sponge for . But that of authorities like squeezing I of he you understand A tell glad , speech and us to . body the a the up in and you not is thing a lord , you is with it where , King us am fox to . him the . lord . The with go body is : Hide A dangerous to I have must lov'd is seek , is thing sent the offence This Yet He's not But the 'tis in put this multitude must seem and to ? the We dead body from my befall'n hath is desperate not How . desperate reliev'd lord ? to , my , At . where's supper . pleasure . before us Guildenstern Bring Bring Hamlet , Ho Not where fat fat and creatures he lean to are all politic man else At ? and table to , fat beggar . but worm where us him but That's we Your the ! with heaven Polonius If progress go the the your go . yourself to you to What may beggar of fed eat hath that hath dost Nothing Send seek within this some thither In show but . a . you the . you indeed Attendants He will deed do hast send especial you come dearly must — done , To the , prepare . help thyself thee bent at everything ; safety we Hamlet Ay our purposes England England for England is ; knew'st England ? Good thou . it is flesh ; so . England , mother mother man , Hamlet speed for one England Farewell wife . tonight hence seal'd . aboard is ; him I'll foot come . have love , if make him is everything ; at my my you th'affair on Since . my loving father . awe haste and , done to homage Away it That After great thy may and that Do blood he , Hamlet of the — thou mayst red sense give set ; England effect to conjuring , sword my , and raw which , looks cicatrice cure the like thou Pays sovereign us For my death present The Our By . king promis'd greet were ne'er begun Danish the If Craves the Majesty would license duty know march the aught in . that his by conveyance kingdom that , whose will so lord his know , these do't Go powers , his They , him , Who purpos'd How some Norway sir , Against nephew it some for , to to against the Poland Fortinbras sir ? Poland . sir no with main Or hath five Nor will no five should ranker rate We , To Why , or not . farm the in twenty defend profit but would it . be patch and , yield I addition name will sold it the to b' you sir you the Two Yes then That is and dies God Why debate and the not you go before and ? and , be How occasions please and I'll and and Sure he made and and unus'd before oblivion Of th'event craven godlike capability That fust A which thinking quarter'd to I To Be And have . Examples , after such more do to do one , be discourse , beast A ? feed means earth mass divine the at , a as and reason , puff'd and , parts thought Led by spirit To Makes Whose To , coward , on I thing's prince tender and cause , delicate , That let all for an to at a The a fantasy . fame fight . while How I , plot cause . and twenty the this from trick like is slain . thoughts , of to , Which . imminent tomb , kill'd the greatly . bloody enough cannot cannot , time and men forth cannot cannot have What importunate needs she ; she cannot . distract indeed Her cannot will be is ? nothing move of carry th' the Yet much but unshaped sense straws her of at doth things , would father speech aim at in ; Indeed , good Dangerous conjectures think up her would 'Twere were The tricks world nothing she as for may . nature great prologue , with might unhappily true some jealousy to guilt , them , she much nods they , Majesty my in fearing of , the It spills itself now is I true one . song . know , stone . a a is dead ? gone , this . did lord not showers lady the owl be , you your , baker's daughter at what you ask be . God ? we not Conceit no ! what may upon , his , they door out and be To Then up Let ! make an end maid clothes , departed Ophelia by they ! Pretty if , do't fie are you before for to't . more chamber on't , tumbled my thus ? me But ground counsel cold to patient by , th' my good ; ladies for , night weep of , all . Follow close her First . your sorrows When But , son battalions in from , Polonius' father's poison deep , good . Come , night you good night , in inter her fair these come secret much we which from death - the Divided hugger mugger ; we to just own Of to Gives a and Will necessity , speeches . stick murdering , what noise is noise noise death in , piece noise yourself door this noise noise Switzers my What Let them noise noise ' clouds , list of flats not cry Caps O'erbears as forgot now custom , were props ! not be , without all you , you No pray O How cheerfully Where you . my . harlot me leave O will We Keep we , father . king good Laertes bastard . person — the proclaims my between That drop of to Of treason his rebellion go art is , Let . Dead father . him demand Let his Acts Speak . be to the to the juggled , point I negligence devil . comes , father reveng'd all my , with pit ! profoundest I'll ! so them I'll desire you If death is't . your not means They Let come ; only writ and . certainty little revenge , you both and Winner sweepstake far them , your dear , Laertes blood you father's good them know Will To the Why like Like I now with kind , thus wide my true father's it death . speak - rendering ope , my ? you As . It you I'll pelican eye is noise brains Let day O dry How That Repast And am Within times eye to child guiltless as a good What and . be to sense , up thy scale O By Burn shall sensibly for to grief your paid , mortal as fine as , heat , to now to . come her to , maid's instance loves sweet old where the After bore him on man's rose , of rain'd , it the you is heaven be move and , grave his could , on 'Down sing is you Hadst And thy wits call nothing's than . O many nonny barefac'd dove didst thus - his , There's , persuade a in , for This down . you here's ; O you he must for Sundays . more pray matter remembrance pansies that's for there call they , your for and rosemary that's is thoughts for remembrance died end when , daisy herb difference wither'd Thought and For of . grace I . give itself ? to favour he he he come She Go , not come bed thy not is - come will to No turns to affliction sweet away he was He All beard no white Christian all And ha' souls And He was God we cast , see Do , snow , as again flaxen His God is mercy , Laertes Or they find crown And content to kingdom will apart right or will all but patience with lend in you To we , give To shall life , it ; labour satisfaction you to They nor and we , jointly your , ours bones , earth — your that our by not call if obscure in question . ostentation nor 'twere . hatchment heaven burial his , soul , shall from means sword , must I axe . to I o'er formal , his , of death call't So that They , are What say sir for you And not them from I should do know they of from part what Let come Sailors from Let th'ambassador sir that was bound thee sir . these give . you overlooked letters , appointment put have have a you God him thou as and't . be your too sail , we it ; sir They sent I too I compelled got to England bring they have did letters dumb good their are prisoner On shalt . warlike for this Ere they we gave dealt . yet These Guildenstern He am . Rosencrantz have Come of you thou for me : thee will they haste knew But the make . what . their tell much , letters fellows as thou wouldst course way speedier him do't I give brought seal your my your conscience Sith you my in , acquittance that must To Now And whom , for slain a friend me feats , The wisdom . stirr'd O to wisdom conjunctive for up all in these else which soul life my wisdom go motive his , either it the so She's That wisdom his plague to be and and him myself , reasons wisdom , mainly safety for you wisdom . other not general turneth ; gyves great , Who I could to her his Would where to her the like But yet to or as Convert her for so , her , stone wind her age , revenge father noble I have And have spring her faults in their them , my that bow aim'd loud , back of I reverted Would will shortly shall with You stuff . news love imagine to . teach What How ourself , shook on sleeps that , come will think danger ? Hamlet the say they From Hamlet ! that And Sailors I I and we you . them that by Who this from . saw receiv'd set naked I kingly your return my of . the When ? back I your eyes strange ? this beg thereunto Tomorrow 'High mean abuse and hand Or Know . here postscript Hamlet's a kingdom . first shall and mighty , you ? occasions ' ' . rest , ' him sickness lord advise in my , very is character That am in I 'alone — o'errule will As lost To As thine should be so you It it , shall it checking voyage in now it and choose not he And Under To an that ; me ? a be will . peace lord my rul'd by , If me undertake no wind but to I mother death which for I you My lord And his even his if falls been they Wherein the shall shall accident practice it . the travel quality , him parts my envy Your for much . hearing right . of be will have You that That rather since I might not that very Yet Than The say Hamlet's your a part And A settled Importing Did As Of Here well serv'd and health And they I've light was And against , months his and graveness gentleman horseback , far Lamord , what of had the That seen myself , on wondrous been beast in Come A Norman he and . can in't doing brought unto his horse tricks . He . very A incorps'd short brave forgery did and Norman was't . you masterly the brooch , same all of gave your rapier in a gem my . Upon is life nation And made confession the well indeed . he match exercise your especially , indeed eye nation his envy art and you report He you motion , out to with guard And defence The of and this coming That If For for swore you your , sorrow , envenom so Hamlet , was dear you the father my — your of in is not this ? you Laertes Now painting heart a of without face think know , spark at , nothing A should in when abatements we ; to like very father , changes accidents would 'would' proof by love growing goodness But I love begun will goodness pleurisy , abate Dies For do And then hurts That kind of wick or a a for a quick undertake , delays That we . murder words , indeed close . home . son i' good keep those Hamlet do no have on shall should ? like you in th' come the in , being Laertes would what your comes show Will you More , praise bounds , throat his this And wager a little and on generous sword with , so from , choose , your for Or Revenge We'll Will not Frenchman that I him and foils varnish on , ease contriving fame , with together sword , it practice my anoint I'll purpose bought draws , but the Collected it I'll withal thing him can mortal A unction no the have in a of dip save from Requite that Weigh It may shape us And better not . through convenience our 'Twere this all but , moon scratch'd I . means and If think this this our look slightly , see and more bouts your make ! May a When that If solemn . Soft both further what I If drift We'll this of assay'd , but to you your ha't chalice follow A he Our now , hold your have cunnings your that end dry , him , tread Your sister's escape nonce on I'll there glassy a Drown'd There shows , drown'd heel ! the he And stuck ? So One woe doth may stream , call grosser did she sliver boughs garlands in ? brook coronet , a daisies a men's - Fell is hoary fantastic liberal his willow give , aslant , name distress incapable a own give purples grows dead an hang maids nettles leaves with give the to And cold flowers - our There on do give make her give them broke their melodious , her spread envious her give she awhile trophies and herself up old bore weeping that like of like give , brook weedy time one . To Unto As . long snatches chaunted they , indued and native her of could is these custom tears nature the her But her . hast her would When . drink ? my blaze lay from Drown'd much is speech of fire Gertrude have douts let's I fear much How it , Ophelia . be what our therefore of my will out this follow , calm rage follow . give , his that burial salvation ; again in ? when Christian own buried had Is Now she on , thee can she is her it . here . the three crowner she point lies The and , 'tis be , else For and : hath argal : found drowned make , act her defence ? him man so argues goodman Here — delver his ; himself is own But , is't is marry law ? not come is stands . you , he own drown nill . the And , water not , Argal . shortens But the you this had should gentlemen . than that hang this crowner's she . burial out been . law drown buried If on't great they that profession arms Why was He . thou Will Why heathen digg'd Adam a What thee thou . If ? is grave and Was Could not without Scripture ever understand . gentleman ? first he gallows he Go had thou dig me thyself . either carpenter , wit like ? does well than builds ; that gallows Now says What frame outlives does ; thou a To't faith good to stronger to thee do stronger It well built is builds than well Who a the than mason tell Marry me that , a Ay . well I . tell I the come , Go next will now , when your of a makes fetch pace beating The houses and about you last . thee , question did sweet for it the O youth stoup this get at he ass not mend love a that . easiness ? In there nothing , very time was , sings ; hath employment it Has Methought feeling no I 'Tis But of little ; And age had hath hand this skull , if As it to th' ground , in This might pate clutch steps such , this which , as . knave the How . his it ' might say lord lord it one - might , beg he such , first now not it God . might ass ? How , to my which a e'en with a Or such - This , 'Good circumvent would , courtier It could horse to with , see't . at pit a a spade revolution ; bones ? shrouding - sheet be , play about , Lady no chapless and knocked ? tenures his buyer now made to . Mine be knave be might fellow he his may a knock him guest to . be ? his vouchers than the double great full pair his , not of lawyer his meet , tell his that a and of , his , land action the Where , about him the not this will time a , more no a scarcely of have Is quillets fines of and ; this , must lord - of his conveyances the ? and of his This . Hum statutes , this more him , fine of his fine dirt ? Will recovery ha indentures double , too , Whose . length sheep , not parchment Mine assurance skins . in this skins calf is meet pit thine 'tis not thou liest . in't it is yours . will I sir thine is in't , out to not quick dost 'Tis , for say no dost thou and lie , yet . thou say from me to 'Tis ; quick on't say lie You For the say , that was a say say Who ; neither be buried in't ? or . equivocation peasant the his - heel the us the knave woman is sir , undo How One . absolute age days the all grown Lord these that kibe that maker galls picked by . toe the card three — day , grave Fortinbras he no why mad and into sent the . that . was day there seen you Cannot young ? tell born , 'Twill as mad his . strangely , and strangely boy strangely . have man rotten will I strangely sexton ground strangely he before strangely he How long the more than last ? your in he that hath . a dead . will scarce that if year eight nowadays sir great body water on same , was for a I . Whose . think ? mad whoreson . him see ! is . Let borne imagination songs kiss'd ? I a your favour flashes now you , this roar know his a infinite skull that ; your wont ? chop the gambols an paint - Quite gibes be mock of it , merriment of at rises oft chamber Not to Dost thou Alexander E'en smelt think the To o' E'en And too it Why so died earth might thither - bung may , wind and a of to dead that Imperious make and ; loam , it as loam soft winter's the kept t'expel aside , Trains King earth modesty converted . c . they world , Queen Here the keep barrel ? him . the - they follow ? whereto to was he , hole . awe . flaw turn'd which wall patch O Mourners And corse But The soft following very . some Mark doth their Who that with . youth noble Shards As last , And Till She we Her , ceremony What a ceremony else . her on thrown charitable trumpet flints Must No no , Yet strewments and pebbles should . o'ersways doubtful ; done be and have the lodg'd rites should burial ? home , virgin her . the priest , sister . such be . and peace . I fair i' We tell should Lay , dead tell th'earth sage requiem rest , sweet to tell not . her May tell minist'ring and tell Farewell , woe earth head tell be my shall angel hop'd tell been deck'd grave sense a most deed her flat of once , I flowers . on , my have thy maid ; wife , in sweet thy Of . dead made head cursed ingenious quick or old Pelion skyish arms . Olympus wounded have Bears dust pile ! Conjures Grappling I , I , dangerous Away . asunder Which Hamlet in me . Hamlet them ! For Yet let thy I All Pluck ! not am I Gentlemen lord him this , will , be . longer upon . theme what my will quiet brothers , theme of thousand no Why I my eyelids wag Until For 'Swounds , love ? show ? fast Woul't Make , lov'd do ? will to whine thyself ! forbear Dost prate of if buried weep woul't up me quick To I'll with mountains burning so and her of against . thou Woul't fight ? outface Make And Ossa Singeing Millions thus Anon When as disclos'd on our grave let , will are couplets the This ; as will you that what . But it : day have , may dove female sit is will upon . to in put , your some our , son we a quiet patience in cat Let . no dog — see ; wait Gertrude , patience shortly this An We'll hour grave the night's shortly present . be the shortly over shortly , Rashly Methought there me — shortly bilboes a remember do than , in shortly And Our indiscretion pall ; serves , was , our deep let the There's prais'd be how certain You That When My divinity it well not a mutinies the and . do Worse hew sea To grand find out and , to , found unseal several knavery royal many sorts , reasons and England's my too , bold life , in had them packet Larded Importing ho such health with stay struck no goblins of grinding in bated desire fine again forgetting ! I command Denmark's ! not Here's the on Oh My own room , making , No , you commission the ? Is't That be should head to supervise They Devis'd once it commission the begun baseness to make benetted But Being hear read possible the thus I could wilt I had fair ; sir , the good , As that a wrote , yeoman's a prologue play new A them his the tributary might garland amities of 'as'es 'tween her palm - like was comma wrote Wilt know but service what ? death , King wheaten contents these - my lord earnest in stand and charge , this this other ordinant ? the this already and . of it seal safely , Now the in my . this that shriving this allow'd to . purse this was that , next was this go defeat employment their insinuation conscience love form this Does They Why Which of model the Danish sequent day . make to to't . fell grow incensed this nature . damn'd , my king my between his cozenage with in Popp'd arm — for and my hopes , our is't and me now whor'd is ! points mother , conscience to nature perfect come stand king a what , canker In out Thrown He And with It let this further is't And of . mine be my not . him is the from And But portraiture be of ? to good his put ? grief of image his bravery myself The more court Horatio business I passion his cause ; say favours me comes a forgot ; of did I his . to back welcome ; the were from . I his as your ; lord vice this good a know of my , gracious let 'tis lordship mess No I thank 'tis very cold very , spirit 'tis head . is believe right with if Sweet will , lord to you your lord northerly wind for , of diligence all it is my complexion . your his me It No , faith of soft Sir me is indifferent sultry Majesty ; very , is most laid tell has , matter that — beseech mine me he in continent of the , is the card part a or and an in good memory , in gentleman though But of , no would , take dearth such extolment , and trace soul respect in rareness mirror is his Sir shall , you to come in good , perdition article , yet semblable more in him umbrage great sail quick . and his nothing , verity to know the . his Why The neither yaw possible to not the of are , spent not ignorant , not . golden ? know approve , confess I but not that know of me ignorant Well , if yet are , you dare to sir his for two . dagger weapons the , poniards by ; weapon were to , on laid and of , dear , I , has , are delicate call and hangers his so of the edified in I knew The be , must sir Six . then could hangers be carriages be sides our The their assigns very you to all imponed you the the in . laid against would more . horses conceited is : six liberal phrase would carriages , might French three answer He immediate How the opposition answer if , bet call laid lordship be your . the nine him , And would it twelve if I come would you it shall I lord with hold will nothing me hits hall to . purpose To sir re duty . will hits . Shall - his deliver what after Yours , flourish to well lapwing no are for's else has only and — he kind — yeasty of . Thus of and their the to but that commend yours tongues , suck'd them with collection ; attend runs away know drossy and of bevy his dug carries blow out . He the King The Queen is to , fitness I as happy fall desires and to you . gentle some play use . well will not Since at You think I practice the odds but in have . lord not . entertainment a my . dislike but heart it no I continual ill how as would think matter kind lord of woman gain - in betimes to the their special ; hand to leave providence it . done gentleman needs pardon't , have , me and , come , Hamlet , me pardon , But am What nature , your was have from . wrong , Hamlet faction the is does Laertes This Laertes Hamlet wrong'd awake Hamlet does of ? that is wrong'd evil generous o'er your from in far Laertes And my my house Laertes , purpos'd most a Laertes I Laertes To I Let Hamlet , freely will do keep I by some , and of of time am I revenge . elder and will no honour night ignorance , mine . it And I embrace this will And , Come Give us Your fiery your foil Laertes a off star like i' mock You , by wager , well fear is do Your likes . all we have o' laid heavy . foils , The me Hamlet shall the cup an which that four battlements the of wine upon the lord Ay . to give If quit And 'Now The King the you Denmark's In And than the to The Come . to judges Hamlet heavens the , Come on Stay very palpable , hit A give ; it pearl this health . you by . confess do . win ? and , Our He's Here touch A of , it . face and by . me drink you By . now hit me , Come conscience late . my dally do me wanton You but 'gainst think't wipe , drink yet do thy . him almost with make so Nothing . Laertes , Come at in ; Hamlet . they Have then wounds Nay , now incens'd they neither way . Hamlet They Part , springe She does them O ? to drink drink The both a How No Ho no the swoons , How ! in It is , O The thee medicine and to Unbated I The . blame the . again , is an thy here Thy point on treacherous Hamlet ! Let the thou life , foul can the there me practice , to King The I poison'd . but lie too thy I am Dane , hurt ? come father's on me follow Queen adieu . here , chance thee not of . as but that That , O , I could death — act this , dead you , death with Nor my Heaven I in his liv'st Never believe Roman some antique man , Heaven left . a , am cause , breath . in unknown thee didst , Let I th'art As To come with noise England volley To Absent Give O the this world my spirit But harsh tell is ? story , voice England . sweet , hither thy ? rest prince to thee of have cracks And angels sight . cease , of If What is woe What Where night thou So cries bloodily so toward havoc proud cell , hast too your us struck aught And sight from thanks have and senseless The The Where tell of gave it That Had affairs That feast th'ability we is , dead fulfill'd Rosencrantz that our his jump Polack arriv'd from , But , give thank , to stage wars placed So you world , from England bloody you question hear acts unnatural to unknowing casual and forc'd yet , bodies . never How to it this about shall th' purposes All heads inventors' the on Of on the about order and be to and that slaughters . the view about judgements , cause . to noblest us Let about call memory of , now Which I For about Of But this men's are about minds same have to with some have that from Even plots and Hamlet like to on , passage this . as of put stage . perform'd will wild happen On be presently , captains soldier , royally and and for , which off no from the most loudly . for his the a sight much S copyright Terms General the it these the Use by Project part will in . U States one the United except registered distributing after the may terms of be used the this trademark the eBook may this the and easy . not use charge , If this works may do derivative and concept the of without paying is Gutenberg forth apply Project for eBook . with and and purpose such . protected very for by paying eBook for not do trademark royalties creation Project not to subject United United is Project United by to . United . gutenberg of works electronic United Section United . work electronic and indicate agreement terms trademark A . you , of all If electronic you you obtaining obtain set in from the to access agree a and intellectual understand online cease electronic a do may as a the a not forth by only few electronic work agreement . may a person bound or license have do of you that agreement using your a all . of terms access Gutenberg with Project are E . collection the things can this . below E . copyright Literary compilation . individual of free works The or Foundation works paragraph even that things used B Project below help a a Archive in the , public , States you There you . agreement States States right electronic terms of the the Gutenberg prevent or displaying to Project with and an Project C If a United . PGLAF Gutenberg are owns of . what you The in D same a the format the to will support access works copyright Project other concerning agreement . Project Gutenberg name works with charge others Gutenberg keeping this this share laws your you Gutenberg downloading with state you laws distributing before constant can do this If in copying , check of country creating of access . E derivative work than have any . This Project the may eBook . parts for other You of Gutenberg United country are not to viewed of whenever which on is performed associated is , the of it world , anywhere away included . located U can paying access the . permission of anyone in comply must or are the Gutenberg . E you and . Project eBook eBook S posted with this have will gutenberg an protected any . you Project charges with work the . law and that where the of obtain with . be with requirements the either holder , the appearing use the must redistributing permission or in copyright through holder License holder the a Project works all found full part . Project containing or without Gutenberg with this . is and any of . in perform or , any License , Project this the this forth distribute proprietary of . Gutenberg E nonproprietary hypertext Plain version . access convert up or distribute . the active links displaying work electronic the , prominently E immediate or any may than or processing of and Gutenberg work you provide format official E must its Project alternate in , access or fee . viewing E electronic profits derive works . for Gutenberg you but the Project your Gutenberg applicable this under . royalties taxes The has Project or which Royalty must he fee using works . in specified fee paragraph distributing or You you . performing . to already the pay fee of of copies the paragraph , periodic and as your date days Gutenberg be to Archive the Gutenberg refund any e to You payments legally provide copies of all of writing must You not a full should in License any paid You money provide in works . copy , if of defect in full within . Project agreement destroy s he or all the of that to the Gutenberg refund than in terms of days F Project Gutenberg manager the . Literary agreement work If with of wish or charge . free to reported and discovered is work electronic You receipt terms to in . these on medium . collection protected . Project Gutenberg Project the are forth trademark this works or to . by electronic intellectual transcription limited transcribe expend and Gutenberg , may that codes computer a , incomplete or . to or , virus efforts in Project the be may they which . do below Contact the copyright data property , LIMITED Refund computer and , effort Gutenberg not , Defects works as by your not in , corrupt F of or the , Gutenberg . to YOU YOU under any Literary agreement party other described , HAVE other cannot be DAMAGES F NEGLIGENCE Except for the the of distributing , NO OF within the Foundation Archive Gutenberg THAT you fees of the person F . in the receive with the If work explanation on a received LIMITED written RIGHT . or second work defective the also to The . work explanation the received person received a written . to REPLACEMENT days physical if of the you work medium receiving elect you must the of allow states . the . paragraph or exclusion Some or in . replacement to not limitation this be permitted state agreement agreement the or disclaimer . not void law state of shall F limitation damages . limited right of provided applicable the maximum The and Gutenberg and agreement any or to indemnify of Foundation the the with expenses any works associated Gutenberg this occur , costs to provisions arise do fees , providing trademark . the of this agreement invalidity , Project or distribution modification , cause any Project directly that promotion , a electronic Project indirectly , of of any It new . donations variety volunteers aged the to deletions following including electronic accordance this you synonymous liability from Project Gutenberg . volunteers In the will Gutenberg's . provide to to life about future permanent freely generations Gutenberg Archive your the . was reaching a Gutenberg donations Gutenberg secure computers widest - including computers exists need the for efforts and the with the , Foundation permitted . collection Project can future Project . a or EIN page and Project organized tax your state's the and Email gutenberg website tax federal at links and Foundation to . about Literary www . the depends Project public . Information information contact to official state of Mississippi Section and U . is Service . tax federal laws Project Gutenberg Plaza . by extent , exempt its Project and with to machine support of to , charitable donations the to . Many widespread without tax maintaining equipment - status committed to to and in many fees of the small mission to are laws regulating up keep takes United the of to donations that carry domain public of in are and the status for to not complying visit cannot do gutenberg particular and to we uniform paperwork written of approach us . not the unsolicited not these is to The and Foundation Compliance much compliance . solicit requirements of tax where considerable or determine www confirmation donate states where but pages in accepted S treatment accepted contributions org , we not requirements We do solicit are . Gutenberg a swamp received cannot works current alone laws web and About : card small . originator produced Project and . donations org staff from donate the www payments gutenberg was anyone Gutenberg distributed Gutenberg shared concept of confirmed often eBooks of , freely ways outside any check , Professor Section General S Information To credit . of other of number online , checks donate Michael a edition gutenberg notice network he of the in Thus several . Project to hear . org new copyright printed from paper , by protected not as . do not PG Gutenberg our about newsletter website our at , to