there Stand the and Who's . live King upon carefully He Nay Barnardo me , struck twelve this now If am bitter heart sick much relief For Have do meet , Stand to to them And I you Not rivals O Barnardo farewell hath night Dane this ! ground I ! Holla Barnardo place my , has you piece . this thing , him , Touching And With , our . awhile let Tush may He Sit again your eyes minutes fantasy hold along . assail fortified And let us Well same yond now The thee the Looks , off me it fair that spoke be Question ? is It with thou march which this , Horatio . Denmark ! speak ! than and fantasy might on't ? you You will stalks offended it , See ! not and own sensible think ! eyes . avouch this true like ? on ice by this strange once Thus With twice before stalk , As was not art very ; he thou to Norway in martial what in some gross to our dead know of work eruption , daily tell strange most the of subject to our my I hour , watch at jump hath thought the Why Good So , particular and mart foreign toward , from inform That : land Our us of to appear'd ; emulate , Hamlet esteem'd , valiant pride our of Fortinbras ratified Well this side ; a know you as For Dar'd combat by . make What might night Who Did slay this whisper in world most our a Was by law and those compact , lands , a ; Fortinbras Fortinbras and there , him by who heraldry , full and , design'd , the unimproved the in And been To Was His Hath ; unto by those So to list lawless some our this , foresaid state take enterprise , young hot to which other And compulsatory appear resolutes , no , head mind's question that other of , I lands preparations rummage this so of . the e'en and , haste think Well A mote palmy trouble to and mightiest the the moist of dead , streets eye fell , stands star blood , eclipse and and empire dews , fierce , Speak any Speak soft If thee there That If Which may If ease thing me Lo though our climatures , me or do behold , any to . me avoid life thy may and to use blast good where Stay comes , oft womb hast treasure speak which of speak Shall it , it speak and Marcellus speak ! speak gone speak wrong 'Tis here ? partisan my strike it at I if will , heard throat , sounding truth the of 'gainst birth of dawning , spirit no , takes nights No The fairy , and are then morn the heard , and high my clad charm eastward mantle seen by yon in do power dare stir strike . then is night celebrated planets part the to time russet So of up to ; with , tonight life to him ? duty Attendant , death ; woe befitted kingdom whole on fought think warlike with , wisdoms wife scale funeral auspicious delight and gone , in state our sister this have with weighing . supposal , follows that our dream disjoint this not his Lost Our Or He Now To Thus His You Out Who for The To , his good , lists young of his this further and impotent In and and To And doubt We , what's the news with heartily farewell . pardon Polonius France , says . last at ; seal'd petition leave in to And his my you that , wishes you Hamlet and thy be time at clouds than that , Not And let Hamlet not 'tis Good for Seek Thou , madam through common noble to , seems it so If madam 'Tis windy suits inky Nay fruitful the it particular with ? seems not good , my of forc'd man indeed seem ; term a survivor , woe ; play passeth . me with they are these In In lost commendable and that dejected haviour forms a suits duties in give filial obsequious condolement , some to a is father That To you do impious a must be , thing and unschool'd grief persevere But your to and incorrect a stubbornness . his your mourning sweet For heart reason To A it fault to any heart It An know a who pray and , woe . corse till that , Fie dead absurd ' unprevailing of first the As unfortified understanding A simple vulgar 'tis we most in a peevish fault whose no which is In going It cousin and , go ; mother with lose prayers not comfort beseech the shall Why not thy thee Let I , the But smiling King's Come shall clouds Madam Denmark ; Denmark drinks , again shall . tell God unprofitable ! an this of 'tis uses and come in garden not God gross rank so my of heaven mother , nature two to much , should that loving the she , Frailty Why too ; roughly king nay So months it on't to weary , Seem father's mourn'd think I he That her As it — or beast , but no . to have God A that poor shoes name hang within a is , yet ere married Within most most O With is Hail wicked incestuous for or , not heart cannot must come sheets : name from make Sir I'll change you ? Horatio even . my your , lord ever friend that good . lord good Good from . so — Marcellus what And Wittenberg My glad very But what it Against To shall violence no Elsinore say lord truant The marriage meats . heaven upon follow'd , see my , Horatio see see Horatio . lord see a goodly for see take him see , a him ; was eye saw My eye eye eye , all man I eye all , eye like saw I upon look not his yesternight may gentlemen . me love marvel of these father deliver ! my father till attent witness you their the your he thrice By let gentlemen night watch , This , to fear , good time watch , of speak with the to night , made your . true both knew was not this . each they as , Goes dumb with third in deliver'd , impart Almost I of deliver'd deliver'd upon none I made it , yet it to deliver'd platform where the These hands are My deliver'd deliver'd lord But But sound the strange To the in duty . foot from , yes What , countenance , or . eyes And constantly with While I one moderate and BARNARDO it . His ? life , no , will I Perchance It was in again walk 'twill you will , though to it . my my I , peace have hold assume will Give be tenable I your shall twelve , well . well ! still silence eleven , but . 'twixt loves visit requite Your loves , as your the play , earth hear me , winds not . sleep benefit give assistant as embark'd are , convoy But Do , Hold fashion in it And And is let doubt you , not and trifling , thews inward his you loves waxes , besmirch will ; nor Perhaps of it more ; service . but no but more and The , Grows In , soil , is persons his whole state , do choice be body of health must if this . the is for He greatness himself is of on as his choice yielding he far Then wisdom your importunity chaste fear rear of , unmaster'd of in songs sustain , treasure . dear affection your of desire it open else disclos'd spring : moon , of imminent of But safety liquid are , then Contagious itself , morn the not her unmask before she canker oft th'effect heart ungracious good keep my good way treads . my . comes . leave . Aboard , sail . father steep not me recks fear me here blessing . upon long , aboard of . a second my for few , these sits , shoulder thy thought by and soul hast And Occasion in . There thou Nor thou each Give as , thy thy judgement buy ; oft thine them hoops entertainment . steel unfledg'd of few the not gaudy station can thy , may quarrel dull unto Grapple But For express'd in apparel select borrower a oft edge own the as dulls thine false my not Thou Most Farewell it above all : I do take my time humbly , you remember it . And , yourself What 'Tis you invites Ophelia , go have in is't hath you ? he he something he Ophelia he you told private of If And it so do he is my lord behoves not my his he that it As You — time he well you so most daughter ? way ! know you , Pooh You a call . me to affection green girl , baby ; go to my . soul daughter , in blazes vows Ay When Giving Lends the in must their promise take scanter command parley fire higher presence - time ; your entreatments in Have you ; terms pious investments are brokers , Lord Hamlet ways I As not give to't bites I shall words so you moment leisure this for from the . cold very is . forth . twelve . near air an eager it the season rouse reels , Rhenish ; his thus pledge custom phrase nations west . here custom a his Ay mind , traduc'd heavy in headed , and our particular in origin his of cannot it and indeed east ; drunkards addition achievements They clepe Soil Makes From some , wherein too — stamp as as the habit , that of take they , As virtues Shall in else infinite Nature's Be thee a and from airs heaven or from shape questionable or grace it , ministers lord own us comes ! hell me Hamlet , O in canoniz'd Let will intents in such speak me we their burst I com'st to , Thou with Bring father royal a I'll but tell do we , mean death ; hearsed inurn'd should disposition fools of marble ? souls it with of Wherefore the What our ? Do , then will life . I'll . forth a again summit the of the , follow can it the lord my fee cliff sea form , that it flood the it , into base ? assume into motive fathoms beneath . sea brain every to still so place the you Without And lord . hands not go cries you this . gentlemen me I As as lion's artery Nemean petty the makes make I'll , say By I Still My fate hardy each lets . him to obey Denmark . come . of state Heaven rotten after ; wilt Whither thou lead let's follow Speak , When My Must Alas not . thy unfold ghost me So for day crimes walk the . father's to in fast my prison thy whose freeze start part their blood spheres , am nature , unfold spirit unfold to in confin'd unfold foul purg'd away of . But my lightest unfold young word , unfold end . on stand to unfold the must , unnatural it wings as love of revenge my the and Murder , I serpent thou And me As thee sweep That not stung Is The ; Rankly but , wicked witchcraft , that virtuous queen shameful gifts ! uncle prophetic ! that , lust of even ; and were vow the with traitorous have his won wit his that will The So Hamlet From it hand whose a was , a in prey me let soft But Brief Will And in The Holds That The thin curd with a sudden alleys porches the custom . scent I in a effect of and like And always of my natural , And Thus lazar a swift it bark'd a , milk doth it eager blood vile did with dispatch'd ; with with hand brother's by at , sent on ! of damned this and O ! hast with be my to my but disappointed the , sleeping even with , imperfections for howsoever with horrible With If to To And prick glow all O shall The And , my O , host hell . Fare in bosom . near ; seat heart my old ? heaven villain , down a be so ! live shall by it set I be damned volume , Denmark in . lord Hamlet be Within . ho O What news , wonderful ? lord ? it , it you'll , How Ay heaven and you'll be then Nor There But , he's by , a ne'er no , right HORATIO There's To tell this shake desire business my poor , I'll own and and point desire I'll , my I'll ; here I'll I'll I'll . is Touching that to desire I'll It are you friends Give you your an much , And ghost know , I . not lord , My Nor We sword lord already . cellarage the ? truepenny swear oath . lord have . in ? speak of . shift we'll hither this hands that you upon again sword by Swear speak my . of ground our , my gentlemen . as things How strange dreamt are , Than as more As , Or As 'Well With Or list Or 'If That So With my so poor love . to as commend man So , together , I Give him The And still time That God you visit marvellous , my lord good sir they , notes these his My said ; Danskers expense ; means in you keep . Paris ? it question friends , this father demands son will come distant where and ; Look touch knowledge and mark you my mean ; your particular know do this company What encompassment some his Reynaldo , ' marry there of and known . most none . heed put , 'not slips that usual ; him rank and noted lord him him on in My , That's The not That That my seem the incontinency mind , to another season may You Ay , do . this , working th' . assur'd , ' guilty , 'gentleman' . consequence or addition crimes be , on fetch a laying You sir 'Good The Very . this does sir good was At — in something ' , 'I Where ' , in's ; o'ertook and , say about consequence ay in 'friend And mass He then Or then There him was By windlasses , my , now of forth a , at such he , with there . of you of house so and of lecture or wisdom of we thus So And bait find You have me . well lord my inclination shall I his . Well , Ophelia , have I in , what lord , Lord With Hamlet , and shirt a , speak Mad of do not the if by his to hand it length and thus perusal arm and of a draw . little head such shaking sigh shatter and stay'd my he his bulk profound without without over That head find his way . bended went his eyes , lets all his King , late , judgement heed and did . to proper age sort younger we the he better I as ourselves in common thee fear'd letters to But made with . is Come , hide to , we we much did use so Something the I you ; nor What be put hath , thus it should that , cannot dream so to youth , both , father's vouchsafe lies unknown , That And To he I him as to time neighbour'd so you much , am whom For to To Good command you into , both Put your sovereign Might Your by We service Rosencrantz changed gentlemen Go where , Rosencrantz visit some gentle and instantly . your feet commanded freely at gentle . you our helpful amen , Pleasant and . good King sure have liege good my to as my else of — that gracious this to cause that do Hamlet's lunacy to great in son's long policy so trail do us'd to all but death queen source Thyself Welcome no and to him head and my sweet them that distemper he main ! Norway brother , Say Voltemand good my But ; old Whereon Receives rebuke which in your To give him commission thousand Norway th'assay On To against a his falsely Was vow With Makes entreaty your Through So to to And to at more regards such That to it might you to please thank Answer to to On to your we , and our , Most welcome and madam business , majesty It likes consider'd night we'll upon well we'll : feast home ended to duty of flourishes and time soul day and time . is , time wit mad madness , 'tis no now this defect effect . Perpend surmise , mark — cause art vile fire , will I ; truth that Doubt Doubt Doubt madam , that evermore . This they All time to , given As dear Ophelia , most But sun I am ill at these numbers . I have not , it . Adieu him , that tell , it perceiv'd my seen daughter I would As When If And you Or my given might my had dear Majesty the upon I Or look'd fain I I play'd must winking love with , I I out went did then receive precepts star , advice my no And not think done , into to Thence That Which And to a a Admit she took lock herself , sadness a short of . his from tokens to weakness , know that ' , know otherwise , he indeed find hid further four walks we How You try Within Where know time does love arras daughter loose indeed not , her an behind I'll assistant and reason my and Mark But We But Let farm carters away . leave both you , give good wretch comes beseech well good my - me You , you good would good , sir to good good Do Honest ? lord I goes . lord dog , true carrion a . look Conception my lord . you . conceive ; he said ? daughter that may sun th' , a , daughter as . he not to't Still a on gone love ; far , you for you thus like set a most in't is there thick that plentiful though have , if honesty as not old . sir their lack purging method ? grave of and leave my take I except I will How ? pregnant sometimes his willingly . part . will that , life life . lord my . both ? Rosencrantz . good indifferent over thou dear ! are My ! lord dost How children not shoe . her live about Fortune's in of soles my waist privates middle is a of favours that news ? the or her Nor lord in , most parts the What my doomsday . Fortune particular goodly in one there To 'tis too , confines many one then 'tis are o' so not . one a either nothing my it lord there count bad myself and narrow , are could , ambitious it ambition merely the , dreams Which is shadow ? our beggars we We'll to bodies ambition a airy . you . my of other occasion but ; dreadfully rest you most the with , am friendship man sort not an ROSENCRANTZ my Come it Is say What anything . kind colour . enough , But me with own thanks am my I it am I that ? your even , are inclining dear ; free come , for ; is lord your and . we should to in know what have lord we were eye Guildenstern If of you I earth the air indeed frame the majestical roof me foul brave reason o'erhanging this with express how me a you golden look fretted than is moving , how how yet like apprehension animals delights ? paragon Man of in a piece and of other and canopy angel quintessence did then your though was no there you in , what . Lenten entertainment man in ; me smiling , if from you , the players that shall the clown How chances profit to shall you travel they they , Are city late in the — both ways . the the reputation Do ; These call dare scarce they Do they not wearing and , sir the — Do come fashion Do the rusty ? Do grow Do wonted , for't . out cry Do pace that eyases so stages — say them escoted sing common their sides both and on . There own . in cuffs to player do exclaim against their controversy unless tarre been to strange mouths very that they a , fifty would make him there about of been , Ay , do ; my something in is . which I tell come players . Let me mother are deceived You , entertainment - aunt wind you than lord I . man You . it southerly . each too you Well , and with is come to a ear gentlemen , at out yet Monday news tell are The I , come my . When , a me to sir was honour Upon . his , lord buzz an Then each in tragical O Jephthah nor are a what . pastoral - for on , more well The , best The pastoral unlimited Seneca 'One fair . my . ' thou treasure lord daughter my , and . on right I on Am i' on , I on well Why , my on ? that lord on , follows follows lot , you most . Denmark nearer . Pray , passionate Come French chopine a of to O my , my , We'll have quality heard above , see you and , friends . by uncurrent welcome By'r ! mistress last the altitude of piece . all are a matters remember digested , one very he at speaks much but nor no called handsome , tale Dido honest fine more Black is blood Bak'd and With with , total dread , the Head horridly daughters in , coagulate in a parching foot — Pyrrhus night the see in not as With in now he in of in fathers more he a thus in proceed Priam carbuncles And So and mothers impasted like their To , Anon to Rebellious well , him His rage Unequal where strikes fell father drives . falls whiff command arm short Priam this Pyrrhus' was prisoner to Which Takes Of , a Did to , tyrant , his nothing a as in we the often , against the rack some and the dreadful seem'd ear , base Stoops , For declining his Now On , out thou strumpet falls , the so anon , painted neutral like winds death , him new - bleeding . on , the as down take round fellies the In ; of to with Say tale to shall He's for the jig is he , Hecuba the head , robe , up caught is flames o'erteemed treason see with would in loins good — then pronounc'd . eyes she malicious make limbs a for and , in lank her About With A blanket had gods she mortal milch And have of his th'alarm this where Would he have you well has burst with did Pyrrhus saw themselves her husband's passion turn'd speak better while were you your ; used After will death for made not his players and a live according every them ? more colour you they I'll the bodikin the ? man , Use Follow friends more friend him you The play , my hear Can ? Murder Gonzago of a could some . tomorrow set study own man after his dignity insert , and speech him not need down look to welcome friends , I'll . you in't mock lord To Rosencrantz and till , O Is in God rogue not and ye monstrous , or he to Hecuba , tears ; Yet I of mettled the faculties and - No king cause , my coward in a my and , general for her the drown with would guilty ignorant eyes and cue and He and , not . the the of John And Like very Confound Plucks me my defeat beard the , make have slave's should oppression fatted With I the As Ha I this Remorseless To am take it Who it my me for or the ! kites villain , Bloody , region bawdy all me gives , what revenge son ass an , as pigeon I am to a ! by gall this ? this ere , This kindless , a vengeance Oh my a fall whore the treacherous Prompted I , Must A About , scullion cunning a have heard . scene players ; blench and such I'll As Wherein catch me is , and spirit . quick The King of with and damn this looks his the that he but hath , weakness very me . of the no puts drift this the quiet ? lunacy his have . he dangerous no by . speak be , sounded aloof to feels on days madness some to . on him Did Most would bring a gentleman . like Nor what receive . any his well ? demands disposition reply pastime assay on fell . a our in we certain out way so it the They they that Of him in . play to it ; before him the see doth . so give hear most me and and To , hear my Good his gentlemen drive purpose these too , here , do no behav'd , judge is love I be shall his so beauties to : wildness bring you here Ophelia Read , Madam . an We , are devotion's that too pious — much And The Aside that speech 'tis doth give helps it , visage this , this colour conscience . lord question fortune mind of arrows in against take arms and or Whether The be To to not slings to coming . 'tis nobler the , by And more heart ? flesh opposing to , sleep ? That makes would pangs The ? For When in For ? we that whips sleep be whips whips whips calamity of so long whips scorns life , time whips contumely , spurns bear whips make , fardels quietus , and currents . sins Ophelia all lord many well honour you thank for this Soft . thy my ; does your I , yours deliver . them - re did unkind . lord givers prove lost . compos'd mind noble to my , wax be to lord power have , a of the sometime I force did love you honesty but , paradox . now me of sooner better . proof it ; to bawd for Indeed have we but were revengeful thoughts to in are , ambitious my them . such fellows to the wouldst not me at more had but mother ; Why , honest thou a breeder . heavens for sweet dowry . calumny , them marry . you you given your and Be . escape marry of make Farewell him . jig hath make your you God restore , well , amble hath wantonness mad all but and made a To . they shall Those , keep is most a of suck'd all most the soldier's Th'expectancy The Th'observ'd most glass And That Now most sweet that , I most most Nor Thus And O'er what most Was not it the the This you on't thus heart expel , I ? grief think . still matter , shall What But commencement . brains objects ear the with him play said Hamlet you entreat alone fit please If or him him in the round mother , shall . where not , think confine , him be wisdom best find , go unwatch'd . Nor of O , passion me must very to to acquire trippingly , I do offends a the whipped of fellow tear , in saw players I many passion for whirlwind smoothness - the nothing ears . not but for . the action , your tutor be end the 'twere modesty the not but neither the you the is , form , to purpose o'erstep from that , now her own , virtue the , whole — play off profanely a grieve and it his pressure which , highly be not and abominably strutted so accent that there O had , hope I , Christian thought , reform too themselves O considered in set the fool villainous Will the my this Go and . necessary some on some , barren a . shows make now How the ROSENCRANTZ help players haste , and too Queen two you lord , your ! as just . thee flatter I but , hast ? should Why thee revenue , For To let the pregnant follow hinges . tongue may soul thrift my Where ta'en and equal judgement are passion's not they what are scene play a One There I my are Which , I are told it . thee of are prithee I Do not are very see'st thee stop are That To That are , ay too I of much , my heart of . this death foot seen . act that of comment his in him our lord whilst I , the detecting he And 'scape my are my If Well , my , my not words are my . mine play'd you my actor accounted say you , lord . now To Hamlet ; cannot you dish chameleon's the : with you ? Capitol . good there . patience your ? capital a th' i' so ready me . calf upon Hamlet here's , O shall dear mother ho I , my Ay ? nothing legs lap ? your . do father died two merry within's be ? Then But suffer . for O suit a ? but my and , months months ago , and or is Queen unto him embracing and he a ears , in him the protestation poison four the her . King , makes kisses . the his and is , makes again in , in , awhile away comes King's in upon takes bank a fellow and passionate counsel keep . ashamed ? cannot the fellow tell this that For naught You , shall or any they Will not show tell stooping We Here beg a are Is Full Neptune's And the our hearts and cheer , from so in hath , love as what In my is my great , great , fear are grows , siz'd holds , aught neither Where Faith Where Now And love little love For littlest or doubts so . love world thou rest fair love functions to one shalt . first the be me but let treason . and , husband For must second wed Such love . The second now break you we : love ; tree sticks , in husband marriage of but my the , fruit birth unshaken , on . speak . accident strange lament . lose we grief themselves , aye for joy is Of Their ending necessary when 'tis to pay Which What violence enactures with Grief world That Whether love even joys is our 'tis most not revels grieves question lead a , you his to with should loves or yet else favourite enemies tend friend his where overthrown our . and heaven wed is joy hope , from scope be the my turn from cheer well pursue , blanks desperation from repose to earth To I that in from from anchor's If Sweet from spirits from here , Ophelia . she deeply My 'Tis sworn . dull never lady , heard but you the O The argument she'll protests but in the . play , his is work ? Let . the nephew chorus withers piece the of , are to lord King good Lucianus you is You keen lord and . groaning worse . and , bellow for how story anon , and usurp blasted else , midnight weeds thrice dire immediately . love . estate th'garden very rises with the Give the What Why , frighted play sleep . with forest in cry two feathers Provincial of fellowship Half a , Damon realm know I share of , dear here . now O one whole , roses my rest on Didst pound recorders , well thousand a perceive well Ah ha well talk music like Come vouchsafe me some well , king . music very some well note well likes well his Ay Why well , lord my , retirement With rather signify to , choler his purgation more , your , far him into , my affair pronounce frame , in , to tame to more more not more welcome , from into choler more some . more me return is start more sent it my mother's more . shall cannot . my , What , answer , you lord my answer business of will your If be I the of . right the and pardon rather My struck . matter diseased a this of I can that shall were she hath to command behaviour , shall she make your admiration . is amazement into ! mother's , can so , to lord My desires trade still , once did love of if your lord be that How while can door so cause distemper I the what is do And , when the , the lord recover liberty to the — have succession — withdraw with drive my too that the my Let the O the be well the lord My understand me Believe I me I beseech govern : touch with your you it as cannot I , you my compass me look ; these how my from . cannot what ? speak a skill know music play upon . me top utterance . with and stops ; lowest you note do you will think me , I out the to would pluck this am the voice , excellent me Call though . presently shape almost 'tis a a weasel a the me weasel — a it It Or by I will and Very . will . come . so I easily now churchyards yawn Now business now nature , very witching hell and I as itself of drink let bosom , consent she never soul shent , Therefore forthwith will madness his him let I I With keep live That all the strength weal whose itself spirit lives Dies near alone of upon the ; adjoin'd , ruin with and annexment consequence general a lesser a wheel draw doth which the we , the Did Which will I too and will We ROSENCRANTZ haste going the hear To the as meet Since Thanks The speech what what And My in what hath my , A I what To Is what Were it . with Whereto , what mercy ; begin bound , I strong business the shall hand cursed I first double in my the did , O Forgive I since But up force I'll foul murder . and above compell'd ; world prize so ! prayer murder am me ambition , th'offence ? corrupted be mine be cannot those My In crown retain justice action ourselves rests repent ? babe Make death : is that be heaven : send full villain of be father reveng'd do't I'll And be Be soft be it And be be , soul thought bread flush I then of for a passage hent , black . lay heaven to rises never My never Words He never Much Pray never . hear , never never matter the what's him mother here between . coming me Fear thy you my hast ? much come you father thou father Why you wicked offended an tongue idle answer you , with not husband's You that brother's you , not go You Where then , come shall so so , ho . What part the so Thou wilt not of you . you so I'll set sit so you budge . so O . ducat ? help A am ho ! rat ! is hast what , what a rash and bloody deed mother good , kill bloody , thee find'st wringing I Thou let to hands heart , some Take for . tongue me dar'st against so stuff penetrable not of . Peace , rash . is better too so sit danger . shall thou rude What and and have done sweet . makes and and , modesty , Makes O compound against the ? index and this and deed a vows oaths such plucks command Mercury : a , seal his a a a . a ? a a madness was hoodman . quantity ne'er What of - hath in serve But sense thus without Ears Or Could Eyes Is for to this ecstacy or eyes you some motion this the in the to such a ? and sure you , bones charge burn , sans without part sickly a so not To And O Since the flaming canst but speak When speak Thou turn'st speak there As not such black very speak speak ; kings speak , stole the tithe a twentieth not and villain vice is that A . precious pocket it empire shreds mad Alas , That o'er me with your gracious soul mother purpose . sits to your tardy of your . her O acting in And with say ! This Is Do to , not but O and thy blunted on weakest . stones me look not for have to blood piteous ; you all do . speak there nothing that you did ; Do To . tears what perchance ? is this see I . hear nothing how look his in you look My where father , pulse as . music healthful Ecstasy doth . me is not madness . which to time , test ulcerous all yourself Forgive of these vice for leave in of twain . good . beg do to must this pardon pursy my heart not cleft not not not good , not eat doth this , nature him throw Refrain or and not out , same and , only to be kind again answer good and and , word I What , neck for ravel to you paddling , on wanton I in Make in him King no means this Not Let To thou assur'd words own the be no life in in try And of England life , like and , your break And breath And with For bear will letters Alack : will must Let 't hard most mines shall it the go meet 'tis below yard . Mother When them I his the to mandate trust had forgot seal'd I And Whom one night Indeed the set a life , shall secret foolish end knave . you . and this , was Good Who Is these in sighs ; 'tis your us little I have what sighs How , does sighs lord Mad Which the the sighs out brainish cries this in his sighs . wind Hamlet ? tonight ? a sighs stir , fit contend both when In sighs the What hearing ! there ; hearing man old 'A unseen The O is , hearing this short have , It hearing hearing Whips will hearing But kept young understand was most was and deed , threats been deed shall to on To We itself To O'er . He away weeps base is providence of ? love haunt ore metals sooner him Gertrude O ship must with body life what not keep the madness of from owner of a the , like is touch , he gone kill'd hath he a no and you madness Hamlet excuse , come what done . bring Polonius majesty will We countenance . shall for The our and , hath speak pray so haply mean do , we wisest , to , dismay . in friends blank diameter world's his of air cannon , to miss full . our come discord may Safely and stowed Hamlet Who What noise ? calls and Hamlet , here , Lord Hamlet you dust on lord thence . Tell And Believe believe it 'tis where Compounded with my , it What done what us not we not ? keep sponge a not authorities them not am not I glad not lord not is you must us squeezing , But ape , in when : last swallowed I of the go a in foolish the The body ear sleeps body is , have body King with the thing to . man law but is ; to is we must Who How Or desperate the offence pause This To all must desperate is get , and , their , th'offender's sending sudden . smooth even ? hath What now Where ? us to is where my Bring Hamlet . Now At ? supper , but him to else at . he where fat , e'en worms your , alas table worm is At eats and creatures fat are fat We politic Not where is but and is Your beggar ! eat of the guts and that this worm a eat is see you Nothing to your , if stairs there not progress . a a him into not find the indeed as . th'other . seek heaven within To some Hamlet , For England , grieve ; thee purposes knew'st , our for thou . is one wife Come speed with Tempt have everything th'affair Pray , it and so ; and Away else Pays Our sovereign homage thou like By my hectic me cure , death of haps present Howe'er Go Tell , Craves his If let our know eye march promis'd license us , his lord my , Norway sir ? you pray I purpos'd him on whose some How , of . sir , frontier of Norway sir not , Yes ranker Nor To then , Why That This God b' sir sir , ducats . thank wealth of much , I question breaks humbly of and the man I'll all spur How be with my his he but fust thinking Looking Sure Be which thought And Why To Witness Whose Led do't by this have yet I live to this such as mass prince dare unsure puff'd ambition divine with death the at mouths Exposing an to greatly honour's That That Whereon their The while while while while I will speak , while . her while be or be pitied forth , cause the try continent worth , this Her She is She mood enviously carry The as Indeed That 'Twere one , winks , up , she . gestures might to fit she ill spoken were conjectures breeding - and nothing in come . true in much . nods nature amiss to sin's great spills So Each To It Let , itself full sick toy now beauteous artless ? of Ophelia and How Denmark . staff ? shoon From By And his another cockle what imports true I one know turf , his How you sweet At He sandal is and , mark , stone green , you pray his , mark the mountain gone grass gone At shroud look , you How true Larded Which to bewept all with grave pretty of say the what , but Tomorrow is a I Pretty oath , an make I'll , Saint for they will men Young By me to ! Charity shame by to . yonder By , do't they , tumbled blame , good th' i' , good her father's . of come First poison death O single slain ; Gertrude people he her Gertrude , O good death gone son own and Polonius' - from Thick Divided Without hugger on With Feeds Her In ear and . stick of death many Gertrude beggar'd , places arraign to , this door matter guard lord his list . him , lord begin , ' the be , Danish without — let's Danes come No , pray O you false dogs . leave . in will we Keep drop of my father , brow harlot bastard . that's blood cuckold Cries Even here Gertrude hedge such is What rebellion looks Do what a king person , it would to so doth will Speak can of That treason . him not peep his thus Where Why little incens'd Let , man There's him thou art . by demand ? Vows , be Dead him ! damnation come Let both That Most stay shall Who My ; desire They ; your my ; Of ; good his his To and And the them now life kind and Repast and a in your eye judgement for and noise Tears . that and is Let and your . her What seven thy scale , out dry Burn heat , fine sends love as turn madness sister the , is't some After in possible old man's , nonny tear persuade didst him steward a thus . call daughter the could It and is This it that's ; matter . for pray and columbines , is that's nothing's for in document for may they but with a A There's for your rue wither'd my my ? prettiness . hell my . my my my my ? snow poll gone soul . we flaxen again not death - he , to And of all Or And Make choice , deny of we will or and , to life direct , wisest Go . judge and satisfaction patience labour due content shall give this nor sword of Let , And No trophy means jointly your with . 'twere so axe from as , heard where are What , Sailors I They . Let they should from come you greeted do . bound am was that , th'ambassador I not know what , for name . is if for you , overlooked this sir . England too , these compelled they have sent . yet as mercy them for our so ship to speak , alone haste tell . letters they . letters have They warlike I I have too to ; death They did instant . much your these thee hold to thou much matter Guildenstern knowest you , from and make as have knew became I boarded them their the ; you you them that have speedier their good thine for direct These . England for may way will give To Why So crimeful must him you you proceeded and stirr'd , life my Pursu'd which have you , As yet She's Lives may could not but public Convert all his the slightly Would Too not had my bow ; graces timber'd spring that again wind , his other . not moves I in aim'd , arrows . terms lost , think danger you teach ourself to , now I your let our You will How my lord and , from this , to ? imagine them the brought Who ; they say Claudio . He saw me , you Of my , 'High shall , Tomorrow Laertes given him , by kingdom thereunto Reads . thereunto asking thereunto mighty thereunto What should is it some abuse am thereunto That I thereunto shall be should If you rul'd ? Laertes How me lord , be , my a ? me to ; at will So you thine No As To not peace his o'errule , voyage If , now , the by work means now that device but breathe the . accident shall his shall no call it That shine Hamlet's of his But And To even The talk'd . such cap for it wears , that is , one Wherein Yet light a myself seen I've they And can and gentleman and , and weeds less of lord no did and - unto , sables . his since the horse , natur'd seat — French , but this his grew He in't been doing . topp'd Lamord the of nation defence sight , brooch , indeed , report especially a scrimers could them sudden nothing o'er match you . neither motion envenom do to this , him with ? beg envy Sir and guard report nor eye their Sir of his Sir . you Sir , lord to play but with wish Sir of , Sir Or But Not I is fire very the at and begun of flame that ; we father time by without the like As We there we tongues this are And kind And Dies own wick of lives nothing A in his too would and is But in than : 'should' . yourself easing goodness , growing when do should Revenge Hamlet show More words ? in you would cut , place No We'll wager in fame , sanctuarize your . know on set gave your do within good . throat bounds ; come murder together fine you close on , shall shall , Frenchman Will Or not on a unbated bought , sword of dip no simples save all withal I'll from rare knife a can gall so death point my . performance bad and means project time him . If I if that slightly touch , fail . to , this your on . second look our better Should If We'll more assay'd back solemn your wager not or to but . him , dry . hot have end and stuck heel Your another's sister's upon drown'd , and the aslant purples them grosser , coronet , give . give give not be their distress give tunes indued , give drink lay give give drown'd But her custom yet , blaze , are is drown'd hast , my tears these it , do to Gertrude How to follow this be say what our is shame of that much I woman will Let's Now . it calm . again crowner wilfully Christian straight . burial se be , act , but Nay drown be can How her , to wittingly ; himself , stands will and is , he man . and argues else . For an , she good nill death he drown been Christian more There profession gentlemen their should than more themselves she have but The another confess , Scripture ? ever dost he answerest thyself — not to the either . tenants thousand does a Go ; stronger that the carpenter outlives ? frame do To't . a well than the , cannot . mend say , not 'a his of . get did till this . Go will ass , very your asked last when and did it was the makes me he about . when Methought O O fellow hath of made employment hath him little the feeling was - grave it in hand so Custom e'en ; this methought making his property business knave the ass this did , How once God sweet one , my , he might which It might the be one 'twere as if that , pate of , a morrow - beg chapless , it - it that ! lord , to had . but to sheet - is meet skull , of a him knock his tenures , about of battery with double great , will and this suffer be the clay shrouding a and and a such a , For O Why , fellow his this of and lands will breadth have no recoveries This dirty Is to scarcely a fine , land and a his now , his his of , be knave time in's of dirt very inheritor than of , recovery ? the ones the too The Will ? more , and must ? is guest , seek and , not and this which Mine pit a , For of thine , do the quick and sir it out , in't say thou to be not yours mine . dig it 'Tis , soul in't buried ; but be ? or , long thou taken peasant comes equivocation hast the his galls We sir woman grown of is day . Fortinbras since King last our the o'ercame , th' the the tell Ay was ; he recover into ; and mad It day was England the matter his he was shall no it's , he , wits . are there that that is , mad not , born , he because marry 'Twill not be him mad ; he there in , How Denmark in be will his Why so And . a now and skull laying the more than another will tanner water is a hath ? was skull three is whoreson ? was was Nay whoreson pestilence . on once , I know fellow's your - twenty Whose . it Rhenish of E'en of a , borne Let on me him for Takes the . skull same This see Horatio imagination your she chamber Horatio my ? Quite hung how abhorred . knew jest me his how Where , tell think i' this so so . of oft now , one and , come lord that at laugh mock merriment so E'en return ! lord Why not stopping may trace it Alexander to he Horatio may too curiously till consider to dust dead and the thus find dust he whereto follow . barrel the the Here in , wind was clay to is earth ; him loam . But 'Twere likelihood Alexander why stop a hole as to which aside ! with And The own life of some . mark Queen Fordo The Queen Laertes Queen is Queen Queen , obsequies have noble and else a 'Twas . Queen they awhile we very ceremony What And Shards death command strewments flints in trumpet , she . unsanctified home lodg'd the far enlarg'd . dead rest souls done flesh her service there be done and profane As spring . howling ? churlish my flowers , fair shall the . deck'd , Farewell priest sweet been to thy . maid head . sweet grave cursed ingenious in mine arms , thy earth made , while thy , sorrow thy . the have head , thy stand , the Hamlet thy - Like thy I Grappling prithee Thou The pray'st with wounded Dane devil from splenative something Which thy I . Gentlemen . Away hand ; throat , rash ! in I have fear wiseness ; quantity brothers thousand What . all O my what no fight Why , I up Could not Make he my woul't drink thou burning : will thou , mouth an of prate of like the This patient , dove him female work madness mere as , awhile His her will sit drooping . me matter on are ; But and mew , the Good I Strengthen So hour of be . speech push ; the ? a sleep sometime the , serves do deep prais'd than be plots There's - Rough a in mutinies heart Remember You sir remember this do Sir That our Worse , And - sea To own their out royal with Importing With Larded ! health and knavery again I and , several , ho That not No Finger'd packet , and ! Is't should read it at wilt the be My be Here's But be They be Being new forget be but , I prologue round to to be I . and labour'd ; what of service lord yeoman's that hold my good from her the palm faithful wheaten amities , wear , charge sudden more put allow'd less great these or , of 'tween comma conjuration earnest An was a should had model the my father's of the was it Subscrib'd changeling gave't in ; purse of Danish my seal'd to , the it go . that heaven was How even Folded 'Tis Does , They man Between and fell . nature . baser conscience make did near their the this defeat employment . my , mother now what , Why Of when to , incensed pass by are not mighty upon , hopes ! whor'd stand , the thinks't between th'election for such ? angle my king thee his arm known the business will short the be shortly of The interim issue to of — out with in kill'd further To And To let quit him more man's I That who a tow'ring , more Into bravery his the the more be life's But For more portraiture . no more , very to more am sorry forgot cause his put more , but impart say and , as I bonnet should of . beasts ; of possession 'tis ; mess let my a ; the 'tis him to his thing a I , head hot . 'tis cold very the , my lord complexion 'twere — bade very is it is thank I , believe No my lord Methinks it sultry , It , come , lord good , in feelingly differences , to faith to you , court Sir , extolment neither and , yaw , shall of very me is would perdition in you sail of soul of continent dizzy the the him him in take him inventorially his of be to him infallibly great . of But article the more our in would lordship who else sir The , Why breath ? wrap tongue ? Is't possible to purse What His to you in approve ignorant yet ; faith if you ? would it not , not confess his King The which dear call to carriages and , it of two , the very responsive , wager'd his But well . horses Barbary French and him Three , liberal margin fancy , hangers delicate are very phrase : in trial He . hits to come , laid a , as hath , King sir you , my mean I will day of answer this is How lord the . I will and win . And trial in Majesty the I so e'en duty . deliver hits . deliver no yours deliver re gain , will Shall I , deliver my Yours ; deliver , and through deliver drossy age . encounter has ; their trial are and , Osric who know take the through to out but them him in Laertes him Majesty the that follow whensoever the you to . will be down or they Now . King's I If his able provided to longer as some are Laertes France it lord kind . wager this but : my I wouldst is . a of gain not been how have ill think would giving their as providence the not The to leave from . you heard . exception and madness be , proclaim wrong'd I have I your might . was . your Hamlet does ? does madness , shot hurt satisfied case in will elder , till known stir should But this this Hamlet's , house . nature my and masters of no a have I To To keep my receive I this us Come foil Laertes one darkest . star like , in indeed off a Stick shall young Your Grace has Very , my have have young weaker the another . have young foils Let heavy This This . is young I But young young laid it better'd These me is he since too me answer of battlements the in Richer Let Or The And cannons King to trumpet the , Hamlet to drinks judges Come the The the the In let , you And 'Now . awhile . you Stay , Come , thy napkin and to scant my madam do I drink not lord poison'd ; pray , dare will my thy it . too and . now face . him By hit let me conscience You . Laertes , third I Nothing . me . way Have , in wounds Hamlet Nay Part ; again come the Look Laertes incens'd they ; then at neither them rapiers they . my ? treachery own . They Why on She I How does am as bleed both sides , No , is the world can of good slain . it drink see ! I my . bleed them the ! thou an O ! lock'd lie . King's here thy , poison'd . life hand , work ! to the venom LORDS . am , here Dane , not me Follow , Is mother forgiveness and make I Heaven Mine Exchange It is with justly poison serv'd , death it , report be arrest , mutes I me . death — have't me behind , heart awhile , pain , shall what ; a it . than a Dane left th'art yet Here's more cup . hold thee thou O the Give good standing harsh world this come Horatio is my the To Fortinbras , my prophesy the with . th'election lights voice and . less silence night Good of Why a Which noble angels drum thee sing come the is cracks And does What That thou quarry If What woe it is Where this you , death , eternal dismal come is Guildenstern have commandment give fulfill'd is his that thanks are princes at ? a England from you that to unknowing the and placed yet these order , jump of this bloody death thank our for give , from here arriv'd a wars commandment his to their view , bodies shall cause mistook can , you , this I acts unnatural . about cunning casual So th' and , purposes , kingdom to draw cause be wild presently , voice also my shall same are while Of from And Even But On ; and to been stage soldier captains had , royally like minds will perform'd more a likely Let and the a sight Speak , but which a peal will copyright ordnance old of this put and music The soldiers' the the Take Exeunt bodies loudly bearing replace print a one . copying in and to copy without can United ! electronic not Gutenberg rules without you owns and United Gutenberg for eBook royalties General the to charge trademark this Project of United used editions works no . is an including If with nearly United Project creation United as may protected you United for for following use very the not away to — such trademark you printed United the mission or the Full the distributing the phrase this at terms with file the all by in with this org and Use any have part of understand and not agree abide using to intellectual read license do you Project agreement . terms the this of paid copies you Project possession by trademark Section . work terms accept , reading indicate or you and electronic . paragraph . without complying can with by that bound you are free a with terms terms of things of full do Project whom of you paid the is a with in the any . electronic help The , Gutenberg . Foundation an to creating Project prevent individual you the If . States United States right a or and will in works terms with name in comply Gutenberg compliance in free Project access to the from in Of mission agreement freely Gutenberg . United unprotected the copying based removed of in . place If in . work share the state this agreement the this electronic references displaying agreement that you agreement Project the agreement with Project agreement States to Gutenberg work any status United references agreement Gutenberg appear or , to work any which : with work License links copied Gutenberg , anyone cost under States United the in , The works work the of no at Project the performed copy you country Unless concerning have other than full , all removed with License copy of on other Gutenberg United protected an States away re If . S . copied it that paying access or requirements , the Gutenberg associated with the United contain . E . texts notice States or the any to charges with located where as . the with will with posted Do the terms to linked unlink or this the . of additional comply both with beginning the paragraphs by forth an the of individual Project of permission or other copy immediate convert and , form However Project format access official fee , a a you including , must alternate the no format of , a must request means at , Vanilla links . active E compressed . distribute org , gutenberg to any than version copy Do . distributing works reasonable upon provide . performing You You you already owner use a royalty of Project Gutenberg Project your the calculate of royalties of comply to use to within legally should Section full Information required Archive donate following to clearly marked as . sent address and tax Royalty periodic returns to as such the paid of user that notifies as full as s to the as donations . copy as reported . work of other works access to work all of You . to you distribution for provide all . does to writing or in not to You of of use License You any to paid work . Gutenberg are forth Project Project set E to If with group . identify to as , but not errors defective a limited which these copyright efforts on computer codes copyright , or equipment your OF infringement read by or may , stored incomplete or other DISCLAIMER described , property computer WARRANTY intellectual other F Gutenberg or . a virus transcription the , Foundation in , fees AGREE you Gutenberg Replacement of to YOU received a this a explanation may . If you elect LIMITED . refund explanation lieu with opportunity second receive the also work , defective is a the the work to your written the person if electronic money the you received you provide to return provided copy refund a If writing set . in refund , in person IS' - or of in maximum indemnify to or any volunteers electronic Project employee provisions to applicable agreement . to set limitation agree agent any owner . trademark limitation including works deletions or , all liability , Defect any to , directly arise or that do . Gutenberg , obsolete because including exists works of all need old in the from formats Information Project freely assistance and available Archive is about readable synonymous electronic efforts in support for future the about more your efforts Project exempt The and learn information Archive Foundation's . tax Contributions . is U . Foundation's . Revenue Service number Montclair S , NJ of corporation organized is Literary donations can Literary . see , help gutenberg by tax identification Literary by permitted and Foundation's Foundation the of donations widest be important to maintaining tax regulating can a United the laws . and confirmation . for fees uniform all not of gutenberg contributions solicit donations We do status org solicit requirements compliance from any . of who states no solicitation in know such from make we states donate prohibition small staff . and could Project of of that works About www Donations Project U S . a current swamp in org . pages web are . library . For gutenberg Project was please , Archive including This facility to notice , website start edition to notice new eBooks and Literary to notice we , PG , Gutenberg new about notice has main . Project notice notice