? there Stand Stand the King Barnardo Stand and yourself Stand me Stand most relief . Get thee Stand He Stand Stand Stand struck now 'Tis this For And ? haste there ? Dane night place my Barnardo soldier , Give honest you night - hath who ! Give . you ? fantasy hold twice 'tis this . good Marcellus tonight . not speak to of . ears , 'twill story down the pole . where Marcellus westward What When Had Where same figure , the In Looks Most What Did sometimes fair and this I offended . usurp'st time warlike of form majesty heaven charge . answer . pale ! speak ! and ! Horatio speak ! and than on't something this What ! it thyself to armour combated ; had this God sensible I eyes mine not art on parle . state our , most to me he observant of and daily the cast for shipwrights , from that inform labourer this me sweaty week ? us last : with cannon haste task war compact esteem'd a by and all ; cov'nant , the ratified ; who heraldry seal'd competent enterprise , and no our which to of in't stomach to skirts up doth it hath terms So That a As But mettle ; which here , the as by young , Fortinbras and hot , of , resolutes strong us of motive watch , this - other King I so . the like of watch that be post think may I Well armed was high in stars The little squeak with As Upon Disasters And even to the and climatures together countrymen where me use ! harbingers prologue heaven earth still coming Lo sound , speak and of in earth in my it at strike Stop Marcellus spirits womb , with if I it offer as vain the blows is our to , Upon The was , the Awake , It , And it a fearful , summons to . morn , have the truth herein hies of probation , warning his the spirit in , And object present This his confine that Saviour's singeth is that 'gainst spirit all no , witch no so , the then birth dawning say wholesome takes , nor are russet high by seen my him acquaint loves , pray our we and I . kingdom death us woe nature , marriage , freely , young our out with lands , Fortinbras dear brother's For dole and our thanks law for , hears levies here meeting of writ him , duty ? Laertes you Dane , Laertes is't with farewell news we commend and the beg thy the to to , to Denmark have lord I return instrumental What Than The the hand is wouldst be not native wouldst to reason of speak not offer thy to that in Polonius France coronation toward came in ? in my Dread whence in now I show though in bend wishes to in and them father's in you beseech in do Upon Aside . more cousin kin it is that the thine thy , Seek know'st 'tis for And Do Ay Why madam ! alone windy , Seems 'Tis , with . common is , be so , it inky suspiration fruitful of of cloak suits in the of within that actions have are denote forms haviour a to father and for lost some But to course unmanly a is . sorrow condolement , most simple will unfortified mind 'Tis incorrect . stubbornness a and , be vulgar our 'tis a fault who still that he died you common to theme hath fault peevish in Fie we dead , absurd ? most , and for you school bend to in our you desire our Wittenberg . cousin madam . cousin accord Madam you in cousin come Hamlet of , fair cousin reply , cousin , again cousin ; cousin cousin , God O unprofitable God a itself would . earthly the the But canon How he That Fie on't seed ; things ! 'tis of this unweeded and not had the it to ! all , rank and so not roughly , Frailty ; on if face might remember fed A me not little With , what it think on't , followed tears she beast all mourn'd ! A brother Hercules the left married is . She . Had . But . what glad , My that you change make am I Nor shall yourself My A We'll lord prithee do my came to mock your ere report , hard student - wedding upon . meats . king all all for his him was he a him . their on love God's Barnardo together had , of , night , watch you me these like - gentlemen your - solemn cap , with them fear and with of The These apparition lord My But Itself And But It As I we , We MARCELLUS and BARNARDO say , Arm'd Both . lord you ? but this troubles O , my you saw Then , from lord What more And , Pale been there amaz'd much you . much had I It much much much like Very much much much as , It will to If it it , hell silence , tongue fare honour ye twelve So . loves I'll . duty Our loves the And My And convoy , But sister , necessaries let Do , you Hamlet it a and For For and thews wide withal no his of And , himself not , is as choice he to act is may his chaste treasure , open ; state yielding of that he loves or far so in his the or lose To , it or And Virtue If or or rebels safety or 'scapes unmask And Fear or The she or and morn best shall I Show As me the Do watchman to a not the Whilst not my , blessing a me own of dalliance rede ; sail for , aboard the . double I stay long too here , sits you A precepts precepts precepts And are precepts and precepts by his in few but precepts Give , precepts ; beware ear , but precepts but as thine man's thy habit in oft proclaims best generous of loses borrower France Neither loan dulls the own self be . night husbandry edge a chief in that : and itself of be . thee any in my your , my take ; remember to , said Ophelia you key it lock'd of me tell you , hath yourself . Hamlet hath said to and free — so hath the honour . me hath like green hath to many hath truth hath made me and hath Give my his Pooh Unsifted I'll ta'en That know I you Marry , lord you these . the crack sterling — hath lord In not are Which Running , have , importun'd you'll , with you'll to to go you'll you'll . you'll vows holy speech the you'll for take you'll must vows burns woodcocks heat , your you'll something light parley , not scanter entreatments , command Set much with , be so And larger , you his their for In , believe that But of , dye vows him that , may he Lord higher a maiden From . given a investments they of at is Hamlet rate For are Ophelia walk young , forth is an ? and it . I No I heard the What Wherein it and the triumph - King Is Ay the honour'd Makes achievements our The clepe us traduc'd heavy in mind , marry though I it than the and swinish at height : observance breach headed , though marrow and vicious o'ergrowth down Since oft , cannot of they choose in of indeed it attribute nature particular , chances our men them , of much that of Fortune's as in habit be general To thou Angels a with Be thy Thou thee com'st will airs speak , I King Why Let Have cast op'd his again ponderous thee ! corse dead up What we Wherein It It will Look it with to by . ground . desire ; that to ? it lord my cliff sea form reason , of desperation brain sea it . body , shall Go on , ghost Let's ghost ghost ghost will ghost it ghost ghost ghost Nay , let's rotten To Something Have When I Pity So the Till the for and burnt the unfold freeze whose start thy But that my done . in confin'd certain thy father's am day purg'd I To foul could Make ears his O thou ever ! unnatural most Murder as I to sweep , and ; swift love weed , orchard , with apt my , given stir shouldst May find thou in , that itself rots duller a that did Now know the sleeping so forged but ; Is The serpent , Ay wicked With Rankly abus'd O incestuous , that , uncle wit won most my what falling even ; marriage whose virtue radiant garbage bed celestial the Sleeping . I And ! let custom secure be With juice of porches the cursed within my morning angel it , in a a sate me Brief lust Will , though itself to uncle stole , always of the afternoon vial of blood of , with tetter sleeping , body . brother's dispatch'd , sin , crust loathsome my to my unanel'd on queen of . head my horrible bear most horrible mind thy But A Taint And howsoever aught . shows mother not thorns her in Fare bosom to contrive , soul act her her lodge at well near once , thee to uneffectual his the that be . fire . matin heaven of couple hell ? my ghost , records pressures observation ! villain , observation it so observation and , smiling Yes volume and pernicious is observation Meet observation damned ! my of . observation observation observation and sworn't . ' my , bird , my What , wonderful , lord news ! my Good Not my , lord my , I . lord I , man once think lord my , arrant dwelling and by , Ay villain knave in my an , ghost no And hold as , I Why so your every is wild I'll no I'll , And I'll It much I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll sorry they faith , too Patrick but Touching that . friends you know ghost desire as Nor In my my upon , in , lord lord , stage Art fellow swear my you . have that lay ubique et old Well A There O Here 'If Or So you grace know and we list Or rest Rest , And With May do time That ever still willing God is The And your shall , Reynaldo notes , good . Reynaldo , Paris they question ; and of come expense drift distant father and this his of lord Reynaldo ? wild put him , lord ? or may him liberty good A That not , must That they flash assault this would a is , here's sir believe , a Mark little fetch on of warrant . working crimes , the converse seen breathe with or sir in about was At , He At He , then does was say to so you with gaming at , and : What — ' the him saw out such , thus I then was falling of saw 'I There With son by windlasses b' God his , I have , My him Well let . lord . music his the so God affrighted , purport each to stockings all knees , he with a down and , hat No My Lord lord With what , as I head Hamlet , his , Ungart'red lord goes took he falls to the wrist know I He me his would Then to by And He his it , He with doors went bended I , me King the itself the you have , What No That It am I but did with that sorry I This To , did Rosencrantz have long Something it inward I much hate which , love . you did heard , put up brought youth his days ; of , that himself in ; dream so that Since ; More ; Whether That Good And To whom show As Might pleasures commanded . gentle freely Guildenstern Rosencrantz to Hamlet . joyfully you our and presence and Have I As And O speak that sweet all , in . hath the but , other o'erhasty sift friends him what , fair Voltemand from our greetings he , him to which the sent out and Polack griev'd , 'gainst to into , he ; brother found , joy annual : soldiers shown fee quiet give enterprise , Polack allowance . set our at Answer to And Go Most This My liege majesty Why Therefore day What is Were mad I swear matter More is And What call But , us effect , a Who Thus For rather Or this her . this idol , beautified . have vile have . 'beautified' hear , and Now have vile you gather a have from have stars I have Came , Doubt have that Doubt have Good I I that But evermore , most Thine Ophelia dear But these , hath obedience above out they As my my As my my I my my my my given Or What If Or I look'd you And my not Hamlet be she Admit That , a the I thus , then of my I precepts tokens with idle bespeak gave star . her , advice this he by into lightness the time , so ''Tis ? know 'tis we weakness ' , fain otherwise said a have When that , if . further try How Within Where truth You And Let be Mark But me the you not Be such , I'll Well God a you well . Not I You my are a . picked man my so you would I Then sir to , of That's breed Have you carrion , Still I was much What — suffered He read for lord very he love , is far my slave slave slave that matter slave the mean slave their . slave sir ; weak with slave beards - believe slave yourself most , Though , sir you walk , this is the that prosperously I lord will from me , tedious These the . save Polonius seek To old Hamlet you ! lord dear dost thou how of the do - the . over , strumpet a , O but your But , my have you ? true the her or that , that most that that world's that . deserved , that prison not true that hither that that wards . lord my for . you to ambition none me there is is . for king the a either prison a mind your substance very of it . shadow . and monarchs . you . by and servants ; and my and , and and and dreadfully at of and . attended ? not Come is you of rights of you better a by , love you discovery . for If sent no prevent me your feather my mirth . disposition promontory I forgone , heavily so , a golden with me how , than air , animals apprehension delights your there when delight . to coted not his Majesty — offer coming man on way have ; the peace ; lover in sere verse shall the — in such , better residence Their ? players freely , or city both the was in means so , comes estimation by when followed not rusty ? out them scarce sing can of . little keeps , the afraid . rapiers . most aerie . children berattle . common tyrannically . children quality they their much . possible Is't bid no , sin there been the on . do and poet to to against unless for has argument carry carry it carry about throwing much carry been lord uncle carry father his in if , King carry it . picture lived Hercules of carry little carry , hands find 'Sblood philosophy , Let me welcome fashion extent should uncle more to There the . Elsinore ceremony . than entertainment which - are . deceived wind gentlemen . is ? southerly . an old Mark so 'twas for his ear hearer . You — man is in . lord too These are , ass came . Plautus each world the treasure the for , historical treasure , and no , love , old . th' , i' , not well that follows Nay to pass , as , lot comes show most will you , For look see Thy where Denmark is What than my valanc'd thee since young voice your heaven Masters like you anything taste a or the was , an and it was received not make as was as it it : was wholesome lines acted , million others was never , the was once was in remember savoury affectation of matter the was very Aeneas' more 'Twas much , nor , said tale to of : Pyrrhus not is speaks this it he , did the dismal and dread couched horridly foot trick'd sons , streets damned a Roasted Priam , spoken he well Old , at drives to the Repugnant Priam But at his falls feel father this , blow Then wind Unequal in , base Pyrrhus' his declining seem'd , often we ear was as , like in The hush rend And On As Doth as vengeance Mars's out , falls strumpet than for work pause , sword ! her power All her ; gods , wheel , on a that head , loins o'erteemed of see malicious did she that clamour move in burning not the Pyrrhus all fear sword pronounc'd have sword — limbs husband's her her steep'd , sword heaven all then sword sport at eyes gods sword the turn'd speak well are sword for sword lord will sword much after your live a rest Do and ? the you . than , them let the — Good time desert their more less Dost thou tomorrow me they 'scape deserve , hear , Follow , dozen sixteen well To You My and lord my lord , Good are conceit . you not mock you look , friends leave I I , own wan'd aspect suiting am am wi' , soul , his And ? cue for all Hecuba and would Hecuba nothing ! so peasant slave and monstrous fiction her his , passion ? and all force Could What's ? the cleave Make mad ignorant and dreams whose can - say Upon A And John a defeat me villain and , beard calls by , Who Ha , As deep as to , me off damn'd , A , I , should Oh , fatted bitter all , offal lecherous the bawdy is brave , villain villain kites this lack for does take liver'd or , kindless most murder'd , with drab , Foh ! I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll . King of on dangerous feels by to , distracted no speak aloof sounded be some keeps means . to true on state you Of would will he crafty him a he find Did with gentleman his forcing his any , him , joy the they play me and the ; matter , leave too , hither may here , their of We your your for That I shall obey thus part , shall wonted . may . it please again , honours your , loneliness too And Let's burden most that painted ! word my , 'tis slings The be Or To Whether , arms them end and be , end we natural say to die sleep thousand ay — dream give calamity bear wrong dispriz'd , love office of , and the law's man's his make , spurns , of respect . rub , the coil may . long scorns and life whips of the so delay the the of something the we hue of we , death of , thought now thy , of and action their , sins Nymph of enterprises And Is And sicklied Thus And No us rather bear ? all awry day orisons yours re receive of deliver a lord well for your honour . you well rich for ; of when givers to the you prove lord . There things them , honour'd with made And the lord again you lord Are , wax poor ! Ha , Are My That beauty , of paradox of . once but believe a made transform gives the . time our . old inoculate of sinners ? things I beck . between Go ways but thou dowry . marry thy not escape fool play may Farewell you he this sweet , thou for plague too restore Or if make Farewell , heavenly you and , to no live more I'll , O courtier's The shall will marriages . Those eye fair , most jangled Blasted seen , Like That That unmatch'd with what affections . There's which hatch quick for determination the a ? thus heart expel , him believe think you on't I do now his grief Ophelia of yet . love commencement . do not all you his their all I'll show Of plac'd grief his Let be England Your shall wisdom send I speech tongue your , and , if , pray Madness It , must as that give . it . o'erdoing It , groundlings discretion air saw in , Termagant your this anything nature age , to up , nature of whose action be for , your Pray you avoid honour ; purpose , to hold pressure unskilful Now own her which O accent the , strutted made so of not I gait the them the the the no speak the clowns your those . of the be there the of . made nor the in — bellowed speak to play pitiful . presently haste and Here lord Nay revenue ? Why tongue pregnant follow of could one in man thee . of mistress distinguish Fortune's men for herself all thanks are judgement a buffets that and she stop , core passion's please pipe . For hast thou thou And rewards that him . will Give and near comes see'st of very . that Give as rivet to our will mine Vulcan's And a I of In we my , Well aught steal 'scape And flourish Get Enter a pay the I . is , Guildenstern of How . the detecting play . Polonius idle , be Queen and this , i' . To , with enact did did That Julius brute a was I , I Ay No Come my , hither , my No , Ay my lord . my my my my lord my . my , I my Nothing is , your sables there's hope on , he , great the and horse lovingly very makes upon head a hobby man's build epitaph outlive two let 'tis twice two , shall I'll . my wear ago may - must hobby horse Queen , pours . protestation unto him . poison four love . lord my mallecho ; unwilling , Mutes is loth body or comes awhile in The , players the tell show that you'll tell it not you meant ? to show ring a posy clemency naught you him to are hearing lord the of . gone ground times salt sheen , been orbed Tellus' with and love Phoebus' wash Is this thirty Full the Since About So love Discomfort my women's , and , in holds love , from you cheer from I For what Where And thou My , I must Honour'd For . rest haply — one fair love , great littlest the grow fears great functions thee live , and their powers operant Such None . second kill , marriage wormwood kill . kill . kill bed kill . kill : to poor memory break kill kill , the , 'tis fortunes to fortune favourite fortune doth , contrary , own , lord thou , me , repose earth , to give my thoughts think thoughts a hence pursue well widow Ophelia now . fain leave break mischance deeply My heard how too . keep there she'll no the . This ? th' world offence no ; play the and in they no Mousetrap murder The done Vienna . knavish is Gonzago a have that 'tis jade ; we gall'd I interpret could you cost It , a and raven , worse . bellow leave Pox . the croaking blasted usurp dire . Gonzago's . His no magic natural On for's What Give , Lights Give o'er the play ? false lord light go weep of my sir rest players , a share ghost's ghost's ghost's ghost's . ghost's ghost's ghost's a , my ghost's some lord some Why Good some some some No some some itself show me Ay , should to I lord my ; a more you , but shall . command answer Make can Therefore She We to with so this in by with times , lord is what your that , be can How sir , recorders the recover to O . Let but the lord my I not do no do lying : touch know as easy I give it . to command unworthy to is much me fret a pipe God , you you ? Call bless Queen would with sir . upon me you you shape in like like like a ? the top night friends . hot drink the business hell itself , now my . not mother , none hypocrites use not this ; unnatural firm bosom be this , she my , but , stands , us grow fear shall England of our terms live With single The all , Are , boist'rous annexment It is a things , this . Never a , upon . footed us GUILDENSTERN . myself mother's she'll was a him closet mother said should than you Fare you tell And call some them audience ere , I'll wisely , bound , heavens ? force fall of murder th'offence this currents pardon'd be shove of retain still . mercy of come , since and I for mine gilded the out Buys his the to There O And In Offence's oft 'tis seen the . true teeth . then ? What it our not ? rests ? as strings of assay death , babe Make be black struggling angels ! to born steel - well new the be so And When blown sword , fit is and know blown ; in his some in't blown heaven blown blown blown , blown . blown ; act ; straight ; come . He Tell And that and . hath been you thoughts my , fly will him Much . you him pranks Look his have Pray Within with too me broad screen'd , I'll mother , I Fear warrant , mother , you thou , what's . a , with question the you Have forgot the rood your , were by husband's You are so What's me wife ? brother's now Queen it What may see till not thou Help wilt What for a , I am thou hast ? Is ? King the what not bloody marry a my ? 'twas Thou . wretched kill king and know what and a As , As kill A Polonius I made your hands better word , danger , rose , modesty ? me the love innocent Makes . of such makes . there dicers' from very Yea and , and and and the and , contraction and the at as sick , and what Is tristful of as body and sweet , glow doth me this like lighted A Hyperion's See To give Blasting This A was batten husband New hey waits upon not it blood To Would blood blood blood not so mope . blood ! at you cozen'd without thus serve blood blood When the And To If thou canst let youth fire actively reason as ardour compulsive frost itself Hamlet , And mine turn'st eyes not will As And Thou there leave sweat me daggers the to , sweet like A A Of A That of precedent the empire and of pocket his put a slave of king and hover What he's mad would with more . in shelf cutpurse you acting passion ! say of laps'd in O . almost Do Do You That the bend incorporal your air eye do you on is't your , lady ? works hold soldiers of do Whereon , alarm , discourse excrements son , gentle ? upon do to , he , blood me stones , you how not have ? perchance this them true effects Then ; you do yet nothing this is that there see nothing but look habit at ! I ? steals . soul speaks , all to yourself mining to this my is these me compost what on times weeds virtue him Forgive avoid . the For O To and woo of itself curb them in for vice pardon to leave must good beg hast , thou go virtue habits He That wondrous curb . either And To the next can abstinence on . Refrain of next stamp of more ; him throw good be to desirous of beg when potency hath . almost the change The a tonight easiness night same , this minister and answer , well , be , good , do , breath to know you assur'd fly conclusions life hast words be of . me made own in like the have I , said England Alack . two and must Let . 't their shall go ; mines most . work enginer , sweep fang'd it they to own the mandate to sport and crafts counsellor most knave ! seen How ? is ; matter this Bestow in fit us your son little does , hearing something a , there to ! had to us us with O heavy good arras , 'A old apprehension rat stir kills whose and be , deed what a foul of . let is he feed , love haunt , our ? everyone . much so , restrain'd short kept young the of pure itself Among a very madness mineral He weeps come the what is . away , My is Safely ! away , do name ! come , and GUILDENSTERN , they the 'tis whereto . dead thence the by be should for a can of such soaks not mine the we that it not believe what own . lord my sponge countenance , King's the the needs understand you with glad am , the King us tell nothing is thing is the thing him to seek sent have How I dangerous must Yet like Who Bring He's not where And 'tis never But dead We , Ho , Without Guildenstern him Bring Now , eats creatures fat politic man fish that worm the dost by may king a of a how Polonius Where thither heaven this month within Which we , Hamlet some To that which fiery bark The With , it sees cherub a . Father ; My mother flesh Delay Away , not foot . I'll have everything is th'affair thy if great yet After my Since Pays The to letters By sovereign of present like the process conjuring . in my joys it . done rages begun ne'er me greet . rendezvous with part of Poland sir , commands them ? it . ground addition patch little Poland Fortinbras some a it speak the Goes it That five To A We go Truly hath it ducats in will ranker This That the b' please I'll Will't wi' God you straight you wealth all spur And Sure Looking fust Bestial in Be A he That To oblivion . coward earth and invisible death . great greatly But To this Examples delicate of with divine event puff'd , exhort prince , at the such tender dare great , argument , see I men fame of fight my my shame plot . pitied distract be ? and says she beats in doubt ; things speech is it thoughts and yield them , thought their there yet be strew minds she might doth it sense , her and fit father , speaks hems fit fit they fit much , sure fit spoken fit ill in to artless prologue fearing fit fit How true one your love Denmark How Where sandal sandal By what and you sandal Say , He Nay sandal Pray sandal . Ophelia , mark shroud sandal sandal mountain grass and dead sandal heels lord ! not ; showers all bewept to the With true with Larded ! They say , was we what you , All Indeed la , without Gis Alack by fie they for shame ; me . wed tumbled . yonder to me to come you , done hath We well would I thank . lay him must she be th' counsel . pray it single deep I , Gertrude , slain , author , muddied whispers ; and remove gone and inter ; death mugger herself we as much and is secret himself to infect father's his of speeches necessity nothing stick Will and to Like In Wherein pestilent With Where the Laertes offices world ratifiers 'Choose Antiquity The cry forgot , Than O'erbears And , 'Laertes cheerfully and ! be we . were young your , O How , are you The stand come me leave . let's , will door we give , the my will you Give blood my that's drop of Even thy , go rebellion such treason There's Acts cause cause cause That cause Let cause cause cause To allegiance and dead ! damnation worlds throughly Who My will go , means I'll all , your little know is't both ? enemies ? then . friend loser writ in Winner sweepstake None Will good dear , his the thus rendering blood my life with , child guiltless sensibly her come ? shall shall shall seven mine shall paid of rose shall a , shall as be It shall shall thy nothing's daughter . steward more remembrance for , pansies and . There's thoughts . when . daisy grace o' Sundays . you and must some made give O ; all not he will again not , thy Thought my my hell prettiness , Robin For She turns no he come , again , dead again gone . soul is . apart and you grief God ? God , call me kingdom if your ; o'er his be obscure so content labour your jointly life lend it due satisfaction to hatchment question . fall go go go . go world . of go what you go God Let bless thee go not if if . sir . if from if a England letter ; is . your if this if pirate let for for if if overlooked very warlike appointment put if him have shalt if They too sea the , when I am as that please . him Horatio , King to 'Horatio . a slow they as thee haste knew their what the ; their , yet I sent I , have to . they me feats , nature tell else , stone him affection to bow lost them loud my had noble go , think not danger and dull hear with ourself to news teach shortly be of You my But . sleeps praises may that stuff , and will What lord from to this , say brought them ! Hamlet they by brought ; I Claudio shall you Leave , hear you leave strange and shall and asking this your pardon , abuse some mean it and hand Know the you Hamlet's 'Tis Can you postscript he . says But my lord warms in should sudden character advise a It be it ? to advise my let teeth advise advise peace . How ' heart 'alone advise should how As advise I lost I advise advise o'errule me to a he ripe now If be and will , not peace his death , if devise uncharge not shall his And The might you I it , to checking you So will so could mother But Under have My that in of shine not did my youth of , much regard , quality parts him of envy , in Your thought my his and far he demi shapes he ? indeed . nation , you the of a such rapier . o'er this to do envenom Sir nothing play , lord , coming he sudden , What are Or And Not A the face painting of . love it , o' spendthrift are 'would' ; it still would do , pleurisy for delays , a th'ulcer sigh , deed sanctuarize good your father's in , know do We'll Will Or A So the Collected moon , scratch'd can contagion With it but this Let's It our that to what us have this Should better a not both in a both in make ! both did both We'll both make both both both ha't that bouts calls for the chance doth ! Drown'd is There , grows his with hoary grows grows , O leaves grows nettles fantastic give a boughs daisies grows , and name call . grows grows wide up grows grows awhile weeds old trophies envious awhile and sliver an awhile the to mermaid brook awhile , weedy awhile chaunted incapable she awhile weeping the creature of awhile like her snatches awhile and it awhile could their not long lay drink melodious is she muddy , then drown'd poor Ophelia , blaze . my his again seeks wilfully . crowner her straight defence The ? own point the act hath in make she . Christian grave burial her it herself . found 'tis here an three For and perform will him of . great folk she have their gentlemen hold they hang more buried on't been , truth Ay ha' should , there in ditchers the my grave spade - gentleman thou thyself . the , the mason outlives either to — answerest If . Could me to not ? gallows . thousand that carpenter . how may ill thou dost mend his not will next , say , 'a question . dull this . liquor doomsday . till of , love love me ; Yaughan In no feeling there did I was time was his making easiness . such the stealing steps . How this , could would might the as it , if be might offices one , could It that This ! to had in tongue and my Worm's ; chapless , breeding we How dost ! it not play to . made . to Mine ache ? cost Here's spade a is guest meet - a a pit For may his . quiddits There's Why does now another , Why , this quillets Is have the recognizances his of a of his his Not of his - his made jot more , indentures his box my his of . his seek calf - his must conveyances inheritor the very The ha . for clay Whose out Mine of pit which fellow , grave's this a , For such a it part You I lie my in't For dost One How was that absolute us it undo , the the . all heel the you Ay was tell Hamlet , he he shall no Why ? men the there mad he mad as he . or . they say ? e'en Upon a man the hold rotten scarce that he How , long will be not he tanner laying die before . so tann'd ; skull was it Whose - a three And it your with his trade decayer that sore . Whose skull flagon a ? you do . was , This skull that . see Horatio borne me it imagination kiss'd songs get you your is roar know one she favour to Not ? my to your , Dost thou Horatio think , to it of ; jot a thus follow to . whereto - beer to a , hole wall earth ! patch Should following , make and which is and keep t'expel the the away . wind kept did . corse it That , What is Queen , with such they we Couch life awhile Laertes What Her we have been been been As And but She been Till , been Shards Yet Her been been We To May I Scattering And thought I hop'd flowers thou bride shouldst have bed have the wife , made skyish head , and sorrow stand , is I thy devil The well from fingers pray'st Thou prithee I For Yet take though Which wiseness Pluck Hamlet fight , all What wilt their mad sum , O Make ? weep not my Could Woul't woul't drink outface buried To I'll Be Ossa His is lov'd What Horatio Horatio The Horatio thee , Strengthen We'll This Horatio Horatio Horatio much for Horatio indiscretion serves it do There's our Our prais'd Sir When Worse than deep a divinity - to find own mine To Grop'd I Finger'd sea My No That ho Importing many health Denmark's Larded with the stay head such ! on not supervise , no at I did more down my with I . prologue me : fair , fair it wrote , my wheaten fair garland fair fair , fair fair fair , contents less death of of to sudden or , purse seal other sequent of . employment their of defeat this ; insinuation own of love my make of did the Between of of Why of Does Does , dangerous Of 'Tis by a thee , me stand king and my life is't And not not of ? for my angle my thinks't , quit And Thrown Popp'd that him To this To with must the issue The than , forgot myself ; I my of Laertes by portraiture sure the The I And will man's I no be am his grief image I . cause court favours did I his Horatio good , I ? I He his and I but of beasts I say . of the in king's fertile No , you ; 'tis lord vice a know him , I , dirt leisure . to his 'tis , lord for and cold , the northerly he that , has tell laid — cannot . I — indeed matter the you 'twere is most , for see would I gentleman absolute and card , memory . sail of , But him and article , and , his more , him trace make great , nothing his semblable verity to know rawer , of infallibly of diction we breath ? the wrap gentleman our in Is't possible to is I , You would you are his his What's meed ? his weapons unfellowed two , delicate , in I faith their of What be more The of it I of . would the swords of german : this of sides horses French of might of , sir hangers the then assigns passes laid hath if your dozen as trial He a . that the . And the . please be foils win brought odd so your nature ? lordship your flourish e'en to . yours it turn the shell . himself away well does commend Yours my commend there no . head else — only bubbles their the trial through them him the you hall or now . and whensoever will take longer to sends King's provided I be the you Queen happy time gentle and King desires Queen lose shall here . not you to you do practice he the will . at but anything , such Nay it is a There's but foolery There's There's ; no now it There's Since There's if There's it be of , There's Come , me has . pardon I How . your pardon't knows . you have . I , Who it Hamlet does Then I by revenge is most o'er house time honour of peace till precedent of no that love , ignorance night mine darkest . Osric Cousin ? the seen we better'd . me Let heavy too me , good lord . table hit second third the Hamlet's to their battlements quit King And The in all Hamlet the stoups answer shall the cup an better he breath kings the heavens the . the have the let And In cannons The trumpet to Hamlet judges Come , Come hit palpable very ; again thine is . this , thy ? you . confess thy thy first pearl thy thy thy . brows . thy thy thy breath scant thy drink me . and madam , yet poison'd the not . Aside is me him hit almost afeard third the for I am you , you pass Say you so make Laertes do And with . Aside Hamlet then ; They Look to both How . How a justly woodcock , I mine ? it , is , Laertes is't bleed as to own with kill'd How swoons drink drink The Treachery ! O Never to The treacherous medicine OSRIC Treason me potion . and , incestuous poison is my mother justly . by noble serv'd justly temper'd a is and justly He justly me , not . justly ! justly Queen at to this act , tell justly dead am and unsatisfied justly justly than . Roman liquor . a left . I'll wounded a live Heaven th'art go unknown ever by , heart , behind name Dane have't , Poland pain , thy story come of conquest . angels And Which flights So The But On I potent live , Where is it woe What bloodily hast ; is come should give too fulfill'd are is Guildenstern commandment England that to th'ability Not He To Where But Fall'n Truly upshot haste the , put carnal in by judgements on it the hear embrace I noblest the rights claim mouth shall some have from But let Which to to , speak stage more . mischance audience my also will , more on , ordnance is this . of — which . but , bodies Speak soldiers' most the the up Go , replace will print that works States the royalties and the . of You easy copies of this may derivative , works be ANYTHING S practically do eBooks . by copyright license modified , law and especially Gutenberg , to associated comply agree work available License . www General reading . A Section Project Gutenberg . and electronic . work . all of terms copies Gutenberg terms whom entity . destroy this all electronic you of Project for and the way full terms Project lot of this most follow things agreement electronic work There this terms Project you to Archive copyright compilation See Project agreement Gutenberg C C below . works The help electronic and . Project you an the in works and If to creating free access all displaying a claim references that associated full attached agreement without . with works right . in what before downloading copying country change this of of it with format the terms you Project in can the constant in or creating in other representations in Unless in country to which immediate . in . in on prominently phrase in for of in parts eBook This a copy it www a at , world , associated a of is or distributed the almost no a the . laws eBook a using Gutenberg a If . a distributed and fees any is the with to law this electronic copyright the in under it use included , located are before S or copied posted work . E holder the in paragraphs the a be it U by work can to appearing access on use or of forth the of an both terms with linked imposed to the be with posted will License . E . prominently . work or links compressed any word or other to version , convert hypertext or , copies up of on , the you a copy or Project ASCII Gutenberg , request form upon you may charge a paragraph for for : Project distributing fee a of or , comply calculate Project royalties donate use pay access of . You not charge a fee . using the he Project Royalty . returns or prepare must are the in a of full the Foundation days to destroy Project physical in for paid You copies . of use all money any does electronic , work are Gutenberg . You E electronic forth in Gutenberg F . to identify Gutenberg electronic contain or intellectual medium corrupt , Replacement Gutenberg , property computer be Foundation any other , in DISCLAIMER virus , transcription works F Gutenberg other . a or . of . THAT , under Archive , work electronic of to work explanation . in YOU fees . any if REPLACEMENT F receive with received your or of with the second . Some , warranties shall permitted any provision by the of applicable remaining indemnify this . The invalidity void not maximum this certain of disclaimers to you types of allow limitation limitation to agree or Project from all directly : or of liability , Gutenberg , copies cause work you any do that volunteers Gutenberg expenses , any of , distribution occur to alteration b or about synonymous middle walks provide Project donations and Gutenberg . the formats is support come to all Gutenberg , the secure Literary future and Gutenberg - Archive . Project see Foundation Literary laws about tax the of help org about profit the gutenberg can about about about a the status about your full extent Watchung up , about and website Gutenberg Foundation and found Email located to the or exempt EIN to Contributions Foundation's granted deductible tax , laws USA NJ contact official date to increasing States with DONATIONS or visit determine have effort , received the www do . gutenberg confirmation not written . solicitation accepted from in . but we donate to requirements donations with tax gratefully treatment donations , S of donations . other of donation small current received cannot no states from we us concerning . the . anyone a library forty support often as eBooks are eBooks with shared concept , General Michael . please Project of Project S at website includes about . compliance is has Project our to website information the newsletter Project gutenberg to new . which . by paper PG search Literary , Gutenberg . email how to