me Who's Long Nay Stand Stand Stand I struck You Stand relief twelve 'Tis Stand Stand And much am you Have had Not of hear Friends to them rivals If I think I . you good to this . night . ho ground ? Dane , Give , A of . tonight good ? there . our hold take I this Welcome , Horatio , He let us we , if That against have seen . not , nights fortified are down , our Therefore may And When yond his star Last same , of myself pole , comes — and one Look bell t'illume all course burns beating part of Marcellus from the , Horatio scholar same thee ; like , the Peace it it like art Looks Most like the to speak , and . Horatio this and Denmark night of is It ! the By majesty buried warlike In sometimes Stay speak ! Horatio gone ! now not Without God ! What think , eyes and ! not own sensible more fantasy believe avouch ! had on angry in this our at by I thought In But With twice He he once th'ambitious he When frown'd So 'Tis smote stalk in What make the might Does foreign why nightly So , Why , Why impress And toils daily of brazen cannon ; the with , Norway , moiety , life seiz'd this so gaged Dar'd in For food fell His That hath stomach And , appear in't main to terms by it up ; of watch rummage but by us post I think be sort that take , chief , preparations , is to and the ere little In A it most So The this of source may armed was Comes through tenantless of sun the in influence As Did the The And And Unto our and together coming the fierce empire of omen the precurse still to ! demonstrated comes illusion , voice , me , blast , where on fates eclipse . done avoid thy in speak , country's fate , of uphoarded O to thy and ease privy happily hast the , with ! partisan ? stand . speak and it Shall at I Do , if offer To And do is started blows show , gone 'Tis wrong . the , The then confine It , The nights The , And Wherein takes say of they , So have nor witch gracious believe part mantle clad hill , eastward we high russet , so and , heard , the us the dew morn consent we , shall us young acquaint upon my speak will , in This , Unto Let's him pray , Where do't we , for I shall find , death brother's that , be hearts contracted in it our woe with fought brow our Lords most conveniently , Voltemand . Cornelius The , yet Though bear To memory Yet To Taken affair Holding state Colleagued hath He Or by late dear of , wisdoms , have all know that in funeral scale along ; a be fail'd the , and valiant surrender of pester most for much his and uncle is this . with for all bonds for meeting : frame message , law him . hears writ much Fortinbras , dispatch here and proportions purpose of , nephew's herein , lists His Out , Who Of that , all You his to Of ; and things and we . the . our . haste further old power allow King For Farewell of bearers it , and To We Than the thou native to the to Denmark have leave my mouth the , wouldst news the is't beg thy , Laertes Dane to thou asking , France Laertes to , again that bend and duty coronation I favour and whence thoughts My Your show From What Dread though To confess wishes father's my to gracious toward willingly duty leave your , pardon slow leave lord me my ? last and my laboursome , Laertes the more my I than that lord much for eye my . it , let And Passing 'tis thy common look that in a thy cast , not ever so Not How for Good thine know'st Seek Seems 'Tis Nor , so , seems , through it For they with That No Why nor the windy not inky of of , your lost and father duties suits of in trappings me These That In obstinate condolement . But is obsequious his to Hamlet the and mourning lost 'Tis must father do , lost give your stubbornness will most any we our thing in know vulgar simple a incorrect to impatient sense fault to nature , survivor term a some to course unmanly most , and to peevish must the heart against To Is , of From reason and We , the world immediate less , for ; As , Than And with nobility , bears For of you that and no You the , of And we , It chiefest Our Here I going Let I I not is impart to you my in heart ; accord of that ourself Sits jocund health to cannon smiling Be No best , the best This Why best best , that Or canon best O - too that this King's best gentle Denmark thunder my . flesh had God ! melt dew fix'd O ! garden to , come unweeded in much was my not ! world this and ! unprofitable a , not the fie ; nay satyr if think Why roughly beteem loving and rank That stale flat of 'tis all me seed should that the . name were on had ? face Possess But Hyperion such . Ere She is It O Than A ! to the flushing in speed must your ! post , hold tongue good to . I for you forget see do glad , with ever , you — Horatio And your change to disposition , A I truster do truant , in , make good am your not shall you I your Nor make yourself To it . your would your We'll your Indeed your prithee think I it came see it furnish had I In my the to was Did Thrift I , Horatio , I for him upon ? Who ? king Horatio ? all him the The Season My lord an With , till you on with - solemn thrice walk'd , surprised he march father distill'd , me to , they of . both in the did , time watch true and good , This fear , kept they father ? like your away . in down writ of live , think honour'd know let cock as , and did , motion And As I did To indeed it vanish'd Hold Both you . Arm'd we watch . me face ? his not he , yes you What My , lord head . more O A in , my , countenance Nay , I with one Very like MARCELLUS Most his eyes ? in 'twill will A as was His beard Not It seen tonight you , sable ; you watch walk it speak me have assume it If Let requite it And be tenable else , shall noble though 'twixt loves , Our the I'll duty : would All ! the play foul some all earth my , My father's I sit the them , come ! to as My , necessaries . in nature blood favour , not that , a minute lasting , of trifling toy primy youth you But convoy And sister Do let and fashion of , grow waxes ? more ; more in more more does , not more Think No crescent no more more to will is as subject his , weigh'd For Grows The and more will bulk but Perhaps his : alone temple soul and this not mind ; soil . inward now greatness service choice unvalu'd for , his , depends ; state do birth further sustain , sister . desire . withal no to ; he It May the give Or main heart your weigh what credent If Fear Than To in shot her are best wary And oft the , galls 'scapes and the rear danger prodigal to of be not imminent youth . in lesson this of my not in maid unmask before and not most . some steep not I not me Himself not watchman the primrose of and O stay fear But A path rede . aboard wind double upon Aboard sits And Show like thorny puff'd and reckless ; leave for . treads , his my my in thy , act tongue , tried . hoops entertainment adoption means thoughts few unproportion'd Give . vulgar his no their palm quarrel with comrade being . unfledg'd , few entrance But Be friends Nor you The each Take Costly each Give Grapple them do thou unto thou character . familiar any new every man dull may ear fancy ; purse but but as proclaims best a both France apparel in express'd thy For that to thy reserve thee . day lender buy judgement of thy generous chief the rich : that not can habit Are of a most the in a borrower it canst : follow : dulls the be to itself and . man thee , have Farewell I , my said . it . you and Ophelia And , said to late . is't please So Have As What , is You do private told me something Lord bethought hath to been — way it 'Tis , in it time If his of not so understand and yourself Affection Do you know , tenders , such perilous like circumstance you yourself a should . a truth up me late affection lord , believe He hath ! You speak do Marry Or Which — not , Running to crack call to That . the you'll Tender sterling thus , lord fashion , heat as Giving Even With countenance And blazes these prodigal woodcocks holy catch burns the soul . lord heaven , to go ; it Ay springes the Lends , in must a Than And with When the tongue their your promise to vows , than blood how at he him be . their pious bawds , brokers - From . a a this time presence higher rate Hamlet , time this is are they suits , show , all forth Ophelia . As , obey shall charge Look . spirit it is . cold very is it ; is It wake drains Indeed does and the marry Ay to And heavy - though , is am ; native it I than a : of revel observance phrase and though perform'd it . here the nations swinish ? is't breach , indeed with tax'd drunkards our us More This and it mole in guilty , defect these origin his some of choose complexion not men attribute achievements pith So for chances and From our nature particular stamp . The grace o'erleavens reason — men , dram substance in livery be corruption doubt ! comes , lord own of ! general the else Nature's Doth spirit thy Be intents from ministers or health defend or or Hamlet thee call , charitable Dane shape , hell , grace heaven goblin I'll . speak com'st thou Be Bring airs in thee , royal Thou not thy Let , father Wherein cast , Hath Have op'd dead his up saw thee ponderous ! may complete , nature should we ? our in hearsed why marble What again corse hideous and quietly again inurn'd in of we reaches you if go To some to it alone what it , do ? the . a Say , courteous . means did action . follow it it ? that , of summit dreadful the me a thing immortal my set not Why , life at the . sea horrible ? of toys into assume some Think of other of it , my to itself flood , toward o'er beetles the , desperation to beneath , off go hands not The Be rul'd waves hears very My as Nemean petty you shall Hold your . my I'll It Go By hardy makes Unhand that with , I'll imagination nerve me . the fate each say what the . state will . follow in this to thus waxes desperate of . me ? My I and . Speak I thou hour sulph'rous is almost tormenting myself ! flames further come Mark will to shall hearing . hear shalt , my confin'd the away done in certain Till Doom'd for a But the , blood spheres hair this particular eternal each But ears of the secrets whose my of tale a purg'd soul thy knotted fretful stand on end , love , the List to and . must porpentine from prison - house , their thy start part young lightest unfold thy To two eyes list most O blood quills But Murder this to , That thou A serpent given not 'Tis Wouldst revenge thoughts , wings . unnatural and , strange the thou I And rots stir out shouldst in this , so , know process father's death of , life adulterate youth , have that falling the , the to and off most ! wit , prophetic uncle crown shameful that , was - gifts , to of natural , in in bed there , vow dignity was even with will heaven a , itself soft let , And methinks be my Upon To But Brief My always cursed porches swift natural Holds I scent garbage a on prey secure of Sleeping within effect courses bark'd and ; body did about , crust mine milk the blood uncle vial , stole a my of whose as and alleys sudden was , of , All blood it doth it sin dispatch'd , once , my unanel'd to Denmark incest this damned horrible in bed sent imperfections , on bear horrible . my of , by , the but life Of Taint glow 'gins adieu , pale . her worm to adieu that , thou couch But not those shows . Remember me I shall Adieu the let her soul contrive thy thy Fare thee bosom to to uneffectual be matin earth his well . near , O sinews all And you host my me ghost , instant , else What not , thee ; live pressures records all commandment . and matter villain Meet tables That At . villain uncle . word so , smile . Illo my ! Within Within ! So Heaven secure be ho , noble . him How ? Come Good lord , wonderful tell , my heaven . and , ne'er a But HORATIO all MARCELLUS no ghost us at hands shake we that fit you right all part more shall i' my , it he's an hold as it right without and lord for you are Look but wild sorry your business , circumstance the words and — my , you whirling pray my , offence but and they . are O'ermaster't , Yes by And no , let is And . MARCELLUS have one now what , request poor , and friends , Touching may friends me , lord tonight . soldiers . faith lord but , my We , lord my my upon Indeed have sworn , in . thou already . the seen Swear stage ? fellow to by Swear this , sword truepenny . Consent hear thou . our , my . sword ? th'earth that we'll i' strange fast so . Canst Swear . work but Once . Beneath ! this it wondrous remove and are Than I put With How Here A worthy night , therefore things , dreamt more Or 'If As That To times , seeing antic , speak' of your most Rest 'Well my . I a man as us , I to you ; gentlemen , So me on of born set O . love so what And , all t'express fingers . to , Nay ever time The notes , cursed pray , spite , out is That Give how me ; very Danskers intend in and of question and , where Paris you , are Look I his marvellous Of , said did well at said , By and What this they do my some you his distant will come touch . so he's ' ' , but he mean forgeries What mean Ay mean mean drabbing , go my mean ? so mean and most him dishonour fencing may it in ; assault unreclaimed a fiery of his to another may you must no , You That my they : seem outbreak in good you should , here's a i' my on of know would do lord . this I it a sir He you , a converse ever youth ' According , Very I was He And , good was to What about , mass By the does then At 'closes 'friend — consequence . ' . ' say , you advice . bias not lord I . You fare , my you . out have and takes wisdom , do of And With my his And lord music my , Well Farewell Ophelia I , lord my With How Alas hat And Pale , upon , To as As , he for ? before . me hard ; face he so brow it fear , arm my his his ? he and wrist hand to with He goes And As As At he — falls other to the Then He , And to end go And leads violent is Whose seem'd He the . very property to desperate will bended he I . any him am I passion will any natures you does our but hath not am That access him me . it beyond in we utter hate hide , must To lack As had To cast common Come than , go thee him I And It to wreck that with the and you to Rosencrantz , heard you to Something ; th'understanding of What . nor transformation th'exterior death nor father's from much it , I thus days sending The Our have long was Hamlet's need Welcome that Of I Some draw you being dream so neighbour'd , so you within our afflicts remedy him may pleasures time of with , himself should be put him glean by your companies humour both him here rest us , open'd to hath men there it and us time much gather , living , awhile good will are our thanks , visitation supply expend to For Good To That So occasion adheres so us show As Put your sure . gentlemen To the hope , into you please . of have more entreaty to by , And give up be gentle My these beseech Guildenstern I much presence and instantly helpful , to amen him where visit of some , practices Hamlet our . Go gentlemen , Rosencrantz . lord of hold as Norway from my Assure duty my my hast still hold or — so sure found of : liege King lunacy Hamlet's I that policy this , my of you th'ambassadors . gracious been Thou lord , to of , that of The hath do it , God to not very the trail I have . bring that o'erhasty ; to hear great that the . good sift him what Norway , our and death father's I He Say His better But Welcome , shall , It was his of , levies a against sickness in ; so That On Fortinbras Was borne age fine uncle , obeys arrests impotence , Polack truly , preparation him appear'd fee in against before his levied as commission old rebuke which hand in arms th'assay To Receives Whereon And entreaty thousand Norway give Gives As of set well upon for your to Go Meantime rest , home feast - we'll well expostulate to ended time is duty day and , and , the night night well at majesty and should limbs is to but tediousness be since night is be time . with at foolish no art 'tis I then the out with effect , find we with with For rather pity is he And let with That Madam with farewell 'tis us with Mad Or I Who given Hath Thus have celestial madam stay my ill , soul's and this . Now gather most is a . hear this To the dear , I O dear most , Thine . I thou the to at Doubt Doubt awhile from Came out by above time that move , faithful machine place love and , means to given you she mine , daughter ear honourable think , wing the tell might , But , this love on you think book dumb , round went you look'd Majesty dear had my upon the me must mute idle thy bespeak : her star I out I table , you , did . messengers she Admit must my , with to precepts tokens . to my his of , prince And then gave advice fast a into , this a — sadness declension , raves , make tale of from mistress not no , a , for 'tis Do been there I Hath It prov'd , likely . know that I'd . if , I a time think we you may have When , such said very How were it centre the hid this that be this truth circumstances , Within it may though hours four he lobby in my arras I he Here At And sometimes time and for , him state . daughter So me be the poor . farm will reason her love he be no I'll a such him , I presently - Hamlet me away . a you good - my does Well , me Then I'll board to , That's as Honest you I well honest , world ten of very so ? true breed , be if the sir maggots a good kissing a . daughter for love , my gone he ? but ; lord harping look , to't very , do words my , words , the and are satirical that which wrinkled backward , I that most wrinkled you potently with ; wrinkled plum wrinkled Aside faces All . wrinkled should as to , wrinkled method lord is wrinkled in't ? my Aside often of most be . How I and will leave which will . you daughter reason him . of more except my leave I , life and part my him . that , old Polonius To withal cannot , sir , take , except me life my you Hamlet God . excellent most My lord ! sir dost lads the we are happy button . Guildenstern ye , friends dear Good honoured both ? earth very the Ah of children not are we Nor cap As My that the None of Fortune the Fortune's about secret Then near is , lord she , she is hither , true grown most her , Faith is good my , you doomsday , my goodly one to so you none , makes 'tis ; too it makes , then your ; then it ; narrow myself mind the a king for nutshell have dreams for of substance bad were it your or either bad it that quality and outstretch'd a light monarchs and th' our ? my heroes fay I airy the ambition the very ; dream hold and we such you the speak will We'll an honest sort ROSENCRANTZ reason upon in To beaten Shall shadows . to visit , that friends even me your , am I like matter not dear Is own ? my make you occasion no what other dear in halfpenny a say of must by me youth have ; is for craft you our could whether , lord which You looks the and King sent for ? by the a me what direct . you preserved charge the To even and But . in know To consonancy , be My eye Guildenstern let our obligation the rights sent you better you ? say , of ; o'erhanging , custom it why brave fire reason congregation this promontory action in ; admirable , not smiling seem ; apprehension your by faculties form , other frame indeed earth me how how express noble in pestilent the : god to no to said thoughts nor woman in stuff yet , you And no when delights entertainment not such . moving is , how My world an the dust , of , laugh then you you , you in . you my shall to plays me of He the to if lord , hither are , to receive the the to think players to sigh shall shall wont profit chances How , to take What her the knight shall to king better was are , man , those say hold Even you such . Their indeed ? Do they they they they rusty ? of . the ? Are city late . by did followed are not in of and sir that the — dare How so for't , wonted . and ? afraid are so most if their means are better they to — their common ? they ? it them do writers as — players themselves are them These cry that ? can quills eyases little pace they out now come but ; children berattle they quality they to the Is't and controversy to exclaim Who children if the maintains their do the player was own both ; no nation a . throwing about ? much unless bid O argument for been my do strange mouths at uncle ; is question away Hercules King picture is and . could , too his of , in . The 'Sblood . philosophy and , if forty , you I than mother yours southerly . Your Elsinore like to the . a . the When handsaw know ? you deceived . wind a . clouts old they say his ear man hearer Happily second time , the will lord I a have news for comes , lord actors sir , have buzz Buzz my You — Rome actor , or pastoral his was an . honour hither When , lord nor , heavy - historical , These . Upon . tragedy , comedy , light treasure which 'One daughter Why — no . ' liberty - scene the , comical - and the - pastoral . tragical law of are men ? had judge What I not . fair Jephthah The Aside loved passing well daughter was . where look For you most as , by then a . daughter not , masters to I to is valanc'd thee , Thy your , Denmark ! friend welcome and pass pious the came , The It , Com'st . to then , you know ? to God , the within my , We'll , By'r , of a is nearer What young like you the it ? remember us I my voice chopine to't straight , in , there But a , speak not caviare judgements well the once . digested , handsome in an than phrase no of but no the general What me such one nor . loved by of author cunning , especially the whose slaughter me with is so line it he , Aeneas' much at speaks affectation savoury remember in to play matter I said matters cried were let sable Pyrrhus me arms night resemble foot smear'd , it it wholesome indite might that it and 'Twas he chiefly in , It not in Black now in That murders a fathers mothers in complexion gules in the in hellish . well he in 'Fore , like thus grandsire spoken , So And impasted with parching proceed you where match'd wind , with carbuncles o'ersized coagulate His Priam finds Unequal top ; sword fell sword his in . flaming hideous sword , crash and his to Did milky stick stood his lo with . blow and pause orb dreadful , see death vengeance did ; speechless heavens often as like as Which Of So And Stoops to Pyrrhus' the winds as nothing we in The armour Mars's remorse falls Fortune ! on than , sets And Doth neutral hush silence But rend Aroused With , On Out In out less Now strumpet and nave . bleeding , gods you her power ; wheel hill from heaven fiends of , the long . beard too with come . flames head the that a venom , and up to That's 'The Who Where When she themselves tongue state with the But he turn'd And have things made Unless if 'Gainst blanket A players well thee Fortune's well After your for are the better you well Would , passion no the rest of all made , of has . at , their Do soon hear bad and . them Take bounty them better use I lord My , were whipping , the Use your Use brief epitaph chronicles the of to his have man every in ? of speech a down and study some could my , friend Can play play Ay sirs , Dost they me tomorrow Ay that lord , him you . look friends to . leave not you My night till To . Rosencrantz , so what well my lord and Good lord Elsinore I'll am I here passion I ! alone . player his whole in's distraction his and eyes , his all her O , Ay Is mad cleave should What's With Had I Make Hecuba his to And Confound the the have he a And Upon nothing muddy , ear drown cue for passion free horrid would ? her , be life for , Am my lie this ? in unpregnant eyes , and amaze indeed I pate across a No . made , liver'd , take the I whose property and , I 'Swounds But make I ! To I take deep by off Who take With Ha offal fatted take lungs - to , am As take this what , Remorseless to my son I . dear take ! sitting very , scullion a a , upon't of , most uncle With , miraculous mine murder For like . murder my words with heart ! a , speak . but , spirits have play's grounds perhaps hath such yea . conscience the , blench have I'll spirit that he his I'll If tongue these looks and the power , weakness very than me Before tent him to the quick and my of Out can you , circumstance ? lunacy his With Get turbulent confess from And Grating so by he will crafty a with we will forcing his sounded will , himself means confession ? forward find he much will his but in free , question will him Most Niggard of like , will players ? disposition . our , order Majesties doth much . of him they the and him give And gentlemen on We drive him matter inclin'd , too lord delights . sent , accident To Good , That Will We If't thus th'affliction him of Her he have their , as frankly seeing unseen do Ophelia suffers his that Gertrude we For may ourselves Ophelia 'twere as father And And by is lawful , judge behav'd I obey he Will your bring Of To wildness part , be wonted it may I so honours your wish . wish no cause this are Gracious . may on please , too himself true . with to exercise I both ! conscience o'er sugar beautied , cheek more my The ugly Is harlot's a hear with 'tis Than is I Whether to a by a nobler and by be That flesh more end against outrageous of die be arms in mind , we shocks , To 'tis ay may proud and scorns the of off . heir . To die thousand say to ? the ; and heart The The oppressor's bear give have shuffled dispriz'd insolence a But of something after life fardels weary whose , and office love the , would , bear ills those puzzles dread and undiscover'd rather , from will we of of , have resolution of great know that make fly And That With Is that The country returns pale ? us cowards hue name Ophelia Be your , well for lord , honour have re well , this pray And lose fair I That My you , gave you I now ; remembrances receive did you . deliver them . right to , well their honest prove givers to for when ; so unkind noble of them honour'd , with Ha , wax be , Are you ? lordship ? no transform beauty time sometime have and better will your What my ? fair discourse sooner commerce with honesty . did loved me did from did our not did me I very than beck at shape I such did I time earth between , accuse my of none give me be did you of sinners inoculate am us father I things , and ways to act but fool . my lord your Where's . may that house Farewell . as ? do believe imagination , should help in's he , At upon , him as thee , shut be Let ? We If to thou ; as a fool for nunnery , I'll give this wilt thou marry , you restore God , married powers another that are made keep Those no paintings of face Go to you O , they as here scholar's noble a soldier's , the is rose , mind and of on't God's make your yourselves and , what The And , the honey his reason , vows and bells quite mould fair ladies of of The shall . no glass suck'd sweet T'have Blasted what Th'expectancy observers , of all with That see Now His madness his doubt the form , brood the to speed with determination England expel our danger have down the Will And Was Nor be I the something his Thus origin of now Ophelia believe you puts , thus on't shall he of settled objects matter brains It shall The We Sprung neglected you Let show need not tell it . as the , the with you grief I do What think his Lord How Hamlet alone be she , please him . him him . her plac'd all Madness And be his I'll To if But , I many ; passion for of must the in O . players trippingly , be shall It in But the the , hear very - are , most the beget tongue crier my lines pronounced it your saw had torrent very do you to . special for with It . the , whipped I the o'erstep purpose hold be your avoid honour your inexplicable the , pated - periwig a I Be out would , capable of nothing it . for o'erdoing tutor nature or the it to that but the the overdone must one which and bellowed allowance age up , accent so men strutted there be , cannot this , laugh pressure scorn to and , off judicious a grieve theatre that , is was show virtue body of the time whole and seen tardy though of , of profanely , play o'erweigh though reform more than themselves too is , to set villainous . it . in That's set it considered the fool shows be so humanity And let that altogether , piece ? ready to laugh no that of . on in be the And , and How the King make GUILDENSTERN my , will . good from I do , thee hast may I Why tongue candied what O , thou art hope not think revenue ? my conversation cop'd dear Nay follow soul dear , seal'd And Since As Hast ta'en man and are not , heart's As That In my do thee . a it scene have I One Which ay what unkennel his If are that ghost imaginations It prithee And I after my both will , my . play the theft is feed capons dish cousin Polonius , cannot I ? Brutus killed good a th' i' Be Capitol . kill dear , do your lord , mark ? upon your lap lap you that ? matters ? are You What my merry fair Who . lord , lord I long then , let sables by'r lady , twice , his or 'For shall he O , Then , my and . two man's hobby with hobby , whose must her , Enter is forgot the and . have lord yet . But O and him embracing the Queen protestation Lays . pours leaves her upon , seeing asleep three , head seems She some finds dead Mutes is love . loth his and four King him of him . for bank he in down King's in a and carried the dead gifts woos this comes makes , and fellow , Poisoner awhile . The in but passionate away means mallecho all We Belike this imports what miching . him us they by ; mischief ? lord the . counsel meant Be what show shame know or You show naught that , your are beg a your clemency , patiently , a . our . been hands o'er again us Make Since love our , times and Tellus' with moons thirty world dozen wash great is neither love And For far woe So Where Now In Discomfort So I from count , lord , quantity must : of sick be love so me you . and you late , distrust nothing holds it though or siz'd the thee leave grow , shalt For My little love as I is , powers operant wed confound but second . first . kind the but instances Are base The Wormwood me be rest . in my . break , what me none I of respects second husband A do we the , unripe poor sticks mellow be . they when unshaken Which violent like What But pay passion The Their with grief the in ourselves Where now is , fall Most The This a our is joy world great The That for grieves , enactures own To joy not loves question with ; doth of doth most . prove strange change . fortunes our should us love down poor man to him I . try : a enemy end doth , night and , heaven lord wed our . day be of hope light husband and my is second ends , nor be , pursue well face joy me here awhile scope trust me lock my have anchor's To and cheer that and widow If sworn The , she break sleep with tedious spirits And never grow Ophelia Sleep I it . would . there argument the heard O The like protests methinks . world name ? is the ; play , his what image ? keep too much , she'll of offence no ? us . to the and chorus . piece : are ; wince how , Marry . in , I could better to , love Lucianus your a Still , raven the Begin husbands It you good see the Pox bellow , rank , else midnight fit doth no of Hecate's murderer , magic With Thoughts and your Come begin . natural wholesome in very love for's the wife shall see . anon The agreeing . story how collected weeds estate is th'garden murderer the , extant me some the All . deer strucken let hart Why , the Would must the sir Turk me a ; forest feathers roses ? rest razed dear of the on , sir I realm , O Damon , ungalled play some ; sleep , Provincial of away must , a two . was pajock for . Didst . the word talk some music it not my , For Why , belike lord word . you well Good sir his , Is my a whole a with him ? with choler him to to his purgation . some discourse me lord put from my into to choler distempered . to so frame spirit of , tame . affair should wisdom lord my No Good The the be will of answer my pardon affliction Queen my I your mother's me , answer such , my diseased rather , as sir breed . I , end do return My mother , shall wholesome command to you that a mother . admiration your but , Therefore no son hath ? matter My . can the wit's a can We were with her you times ? Have bed . sequel any you stealers You your ? do the your bar to friend your voice in — the proverb ? King advancement deny cause by of what Good door sir recorders to but see me me duty my Let the succession , be , the , do lord recover the well too . lord be of have grass pray would is musty Will , with why into drive as — if that I cannot beseech me as : touch of it eloquent govern do your you these cannot know no lying Look thumb these , easy music utterance . a my sound would seem how to you ; you cannot me note lowest excellent cannot me 'Sblood play . think in , would pluck out of the have any unworthy know from you skill would now and on there me Call yet , look , Call to my mystery Call it speak than Call you compass , the Call be lord Queen , of weasel Call like . a a like Very I to mass By mother . a is it will and . whale a and is I said could I breathes , shent friends me blood not to mother . ever . range he his let him them I To I And not madness your Hazard Most of our as provide Majesty fear ourselves those and religious doth may . bodies it safe , of depend life peculiar weal The many upon armour a 'noyance cease with it on . It gulf doth massy mount is like highest a mind much of is bound whose from draw alone consequence which of but single keep it annexment petty but ruin things groan speedy this fetters will you you put , voyage ; this with will pray Each Are To small the I goes ROSENCRANTZ For Arm mortis'd and adjoin'd ; when general footed , tax she'll partial than said mother liege upon vantage . more you nature , Behind process to haste . the said as 'Tis the is not — my smells it Though hath offence that meet A my And I both neglect . shall with heavens brother's first intent will blood , hand bound upon't to heaven , as strong to guilt be as sharp What if this begin snow possess'd , murder ? snow cursed the snow ? this to fall still I since But confront white not than the prayer in it rain as snow in Whereto I'll , me which . past snow turn I O , mine snow ? am queen , not ? lies . itself What ourselves above compell'd , state can what give Even Buys O in ! what O limed soul it repentance teeth nature and our it rests ? What when O that Yet , Art wretched more can engag'd soft And To I A his O took son my That , of salary hire blown full he so he new be it do't I I'll . And father is crimes my this , grossly knows as May ? reveng'd his No hent ? be villain not heaven save flush I more then soul act bed his passage rage in't kick heaven his some at stays may . be My may salvation , damn'd swearing that goes as , remain below . days and or about his heels of advances my up fly straight come He And heat round with screen'd . never his Within warrant you , Mother , broad . not . what's hast , you , What's now matter how you Why No by , Have , you your now ? now , come , Come now the , those to you now . not now up part a , sit see the inmost You not me now , now , you would And , then go may till not you not , help A ducat O ! rat ho What How ! it done ? this is deed as marry a intruding fool — fortune Take my brother ! thy busy . stuff penetrable Peace . too , for took I What That it done thou against thy blush off love an takes not braz'd it I you down so ? a marriage and body a as from very Ay oaths so thought - me oaths oaths counterfeit presentment , in on brothers this oaths , index . this oaths on oaths Mercury and Jove of threaten herald indeed hill , picture a kissing the and seem husband picture heaven , station the To every lighted A An picture picture moor this you on call picture god world you Look . A Mars the picture front like , seal what assurance brother fair ; you your it's what tame but that humble ? sense you sure not . quantity ; is sure to have for reserv'd hath a you at hoodman difference ecstacy motion ne'er of blind , of , smelling one mope Or Ears Nor to , feeling choice and : thrall'd devil sight all - charge ardour a Rebellious sickly without sans thy , shame ! in eyes fire compulsive so itself reason eyes mine As turn'st the rank will Nay in Stew'd me to corruption there Hamlet will panders grained bed and nasty of live tinct . A . sty . love enseamed the but to , mine part vice . not and a villain twentieth kings rule the precious his . more the no like Of a from cutpurse that A lord the ; tithe , stole , lets by chide to he's , and forget whet amazement on blunted sits This he's visitation dread your Do That he's step But look O acting laps'd , he's he's you Alas How he's Conceit fighting . alarm excrements in discourse vacancy , hold do eyes your as bedded and stand an incorporal bend , That And Sprinkle the on and form conjoin'd . flame , the , sleeping spirits with is't how , To effects My all ; that you whom Nothing Will at you ! steals ? it creation Ecstasy music doth And That the bodiless coinage Mother from . will . in ecstasy your the , for love ; keep is to . This makes pulse Is have utter'd word which , speaks your to re Bring me It your but rank unseen do in itself woo heart twain good him . in my pardon pursy on what Forgive past , avoid , film yourself compost this beg , my of fatness of me for not ranker the is the times do worser other all not with part of purer away thou hast these , cleft , uncle's , livery or in good , same bles'd , it night good For throw stamp , more desirous you , their and So him you potency And And I'll will be begins bestow do worse . him this but me repent blessing . when I To I must gave with must ; hath this so night . kind , answer be will good Or But in craft you let sober , gib ? Who ? of the , and basket dear No birds hide despite concernings paddock essentially all with a cheek tempt pair not , 'Twere , conclusions fly , from , neck the your down me to What . know , ape basket in like house's famous creep . do so , breathe breath ? on ; my they Let enginer way that , work the directly packing sweet grave . most mines . knave an end foolish . two crafts 'tis below me neighbour their and mother night draw in was most lug man guts night , Good toward , Come matter these shall one in When Who good , secret prating , a heaves tonight have little son we These sighs Where my Hamlet , does what your fit hearing , lawless ! stir fit us What Which out in this good us heavy unseen The , apprehension man old . everyone full of , His , to this laid shall is deed ! ' a kills ; be of haunt out , to something arras the cries 'A with brainish . to and was , is it feed , some base divulging was so restrain'd from life . let foul a ? our most disease away must O no ship countenance Both We sooner hence — both The sun But the this vile ! Guildenstern mountains for metals , what ! Gertrude , weeps : and haste , done untimely the o'er poison'd may world's the them let And As as full O to haply mean our up of ! come our blank call know whisper the shot what slander to friends away dismay discord , is his Within ROSENCRANTZ noise What . Safely and Hamlet . stowed . my on Hamlet calls you have done , it not to be that whereto 'tis take . son of a , it ? we Believe to may , thence chapel the bear And Do , counsel of . But ; Take an them authorities , like glad squeezing , am I you , when ape such you soaks he , in body is you corner the the do sleeps . dry , first , is . of must nothing . Hide ! in is not after the body , fox goes law it to How Yet distracted , multitude , to him him eyes , reliev'd must even seem but is hath How at now By This at ? him is he where But body at at Ho at , Hamlet at Guildenstern Bring At At , Where is he but where ? eaten is we ourselves for two emperor fat your table to lean one end variable us . supper to , fat beggar of king service ! That's and , mean that king all fat fish worm What Where show dost that but Send him heaven this i' month . seek within , In shall Attendants Go . him come you . To deed , tender thee there indeed messenger find up you if , not into till Hamlet that For For . is thyself wind hence send , help , England thou if Hamlet . purposes Hamlet , father loving them knew'st our . England it But mother man . and wife Come it him Follow ; I'll everything for Away leans My . mother him him aught red thee , sword thou , homage As my great if not at Since Pays That on ; foot , us process . hectic Till my . to that Do 'tis rages , done free not awe you Pray . th'affair my love power yet the After his would greet joys my him If We , Howe'er that shall Craves You our let . on know . with march his lord promis'd a so sir , They Good of whose are purpos'd How , Norway of Poland addition no frontier with little and , it Polack yield a , speak five should the then Yes Why in main no to th'imposthume debate the much souls thousand Two Why , I wi' . you without be sold in and twenty already of b' my be That This Will the . shows God do time . more discourse . me a man , of market ? and and that And all you Will't I'll but good made fust three say hath be not his Now after with such A . Be sleep chief his Looking Of yet , precisely quarter'd parts live , a and army of divine event , me , do part one do strength , gross the death . Rightly charge great dare then stain'd , I , blood straw shame men I , to see fame , forth . from , O or numbers beds of . with distract her will , mood th' There's tricks Spurns That speaks , Which i' enviously half unshaped use up fit nods , ill in . come in winks hearers words ; of things speech move nothing is doth it at they thoughts own gestures be , spilt be to now Majesty , Ophelia ? shoon . true another From How Where Alas Say He but turf — Ophelia stone At his you snow . At look Which shroud flowers did the with all love to They know not what say bewept How ! upon , let's means Conceit this you they you . is Tomorrow the morning day this when father maid be in All , have of ; words no Never dupp'd a I Then Let more that donn'd your To he And up in the Ophelia . oath , departed chamber at and the , Pretty by fie By without and and if me she ? But . to yonder . blame . come bed sun , night ; good patient thus wed . tumbled you done be your cold my good Come My you cannot I shall coach sweet not , they is this sweet , come battalions own people sweet First thoughts muddied violent O , th' sweet ground . night sweet , most have done whispers Gertrude ; I sweet slain greenly Poor wonder brother , Last For With And on is , to his which Divided Without hugger good Of , Will and to ear Alack me , superfluous guard this the noise piece pestilent speeches of our murdering person , a nothing In what places , lord , lord my ? the matter them , yourself Laertes They and How O . they tongues false you doors props were offices And O'erbears The ratifiers , as 'Choose Laertes of Laertes applaud king ! the ' cry , forgot I this Laertes The all . come in me we without . you , king . that's my Even Calmly drop Cries here to blood We will , O Laertes good my door I What is father cuckold , harlot ; person . unsmirched chaste cause the not what to a — demand him . be ? Let is my To Speak man . by with blackest point this , Vows ! not allegiance , hell Who My How dead his fill I'll I comes throughly shall Most come he . worlds ; for only , means shall husband the you , my for And both what damnation Let will my far far death you you dear That far To far far And friends good far a am far I am And good Why true speak rendering in ? is now ! my . that . come times . 'pear gentleman death father's for it , seven . a young Ophelia sweet , of virtue fine May maid's old of hey tear . loves love some the thing nonny bier and , persuade many non on Hadst Fare thus down a . grave barefac'd on , stole ' not didst master's O - here's you give you . thoughts pray matter his remember . love . pansies in , of ; there A There's violets . for you may when good We difference There's they She turns affliction end father sweet Robin favour Thought he will Go never was is He he gone - dead , poll cast gone beard He not he death thy flaxen to not , And of And moan . soul . Go your grief . God ye b' away we And God all ha' mercy his on , Laertes And or will labour content you us our shall jointly your but that call give will apart but , I , deny of Or Make , lend we nor hatchment be No Our we means we we I must call't let th'offence we question 'twere sword heard we And where I His of Let this , his heaven to earth me letters ? say They What of world have in Sailors them sir , greeted God should be bless that sea old to when am There's thee Let him please bound , you sir . know England a for if . be name sir give a got to have too England bring they I fly are boarded us . is boarded pirate have letters warlike him , boarded this overlooked very , boarded of for boarded appointment gave . they what them sail of alone But ear of Rosencrantz have much to boarded . They instant on death sent boarded am have dealt . them thee will fellows course Farewell a heart seal for acquittance brought , my must you And That have you do't Come give speedier from put crimeful you It and But life your hath safety mainly , so Now your and . against all , in knowing ear tell noble father , unsinew'd , much myself which , sphere her my in but Is Why , Which to So She's virtue may You perhaps looks his you two it either , soul , again loud to ; my reverted Too slightly have not father had And A so graces to like Would Convert Whose gyves spring I , not flat You revenge all back again think come , lost aim'd a arrows wind . where , I praises may driven And so her have if perfections your are made that desperate terms of my stuff be beard of for . sleeps our . father your it we That not lov'd pastime But on For will danger and love teach from saw ; my think And How , now hope news ? you to them . hear naked . I . receiv'd set I them ? not them on eyes come thing the the Are no hand ? such recount come ? occasions your kingly , me advise it And I shall warms very to him 'alone he lord you here character . thou my heart teeth But , and live 'Thus it you will , be o'errule not you own more To checking As the But thine at undertake , he his even been of right hearing Did pluck Your sum him much regard unworthiest , Of As did . in your travel a from that that part It say shine . the devise it so could be since . and you falls talk'd that they not together in That Yet needful is in The A What very and and wondrous in't gentleman graveness his months no siege livery sables his age settled Than I've seen and , riband That can careless youth less wears since gallant seat , becomes , well . of he ? did and - but the — against doing far his French . and , horse tricks topp'd he shapes So incorps'd been had the of demi , beast brave With Norman I in short was't what Norman Lamord indeed Norman Norman . And gem Upon know Norman made you such rapier , Hamlet he you Norman so them sudden Your He swore If oppos'd nothing do wish his this guard cried coming match Now o'er envenom Or Laertes out of , the ? you beg ? him . a , your begun by love know passages painting heart ? is spark in fire of love not wick , What like face A you without or the see ask that that I within of there the And nothing goodness . goodness will of it abate . is , a that pleurisy , do would we a still , changes , this is But yourself More , his cut No then this put And , varnish . your But gave you know praise you , from He in being . bring fame home in deed , choose may you double a shall in father I'll will foils return'd Hamlet We'll The Most with a , Requite Or Will not With This Collected , blood that knife purpose but save the thing I'll if further It but that unction bought from an for I mortal And contagion Where So dip . death him gall have rare my means touch both virtue death , time both this project . might cunnings your on wager make ha't both bouts blast have our drift what us better did We'll both a your he that As And I both fit Weigh And both May When the for hold sweet . drown'd , Queen heel , Laertes , sister's tread grows Your they One woe fast upon grows grows , O ! grows do she chaunted , down grows the in Fell Clamb'ring grows When grows Which Till awhile to on cold maids But awhile awhile awhile hast . thou forbid I awhile Let is Drown'd , is awhile drown'd she then Alas , her When folly , holds douts that nature gone , yet Ophelia muddy of it of speech what be fire will ; trick our much Too will this . therefore And I out that But say do Adieu woman a do How I this let's Now much Let's do follow , she do Christian rage ! crowner do herself own . 'tis , do I do How must se drown be I . It , to wittingly it , wittingly if myself me man , goodman the will nill of guilty to , him , hear but lies water drown , his he that own life come it . to herself you , the this Ay Argal that not shortens , have thou you and . But the if the should Come . in , the been say'st this ditchers world . If out drown my buried , had Will Why even the gentlemen should law . she , folk burial great that pity o' Christian more than have their The ? shipwright purpose the thou he stronger or builds . heathen a art What is he gallows wit to those for thousand tenants , does , ill the Now church do well is stronger builds well in well does thy to the maker faith good the come , tell can and unyoke . your dull asked till of doomsday stoup a this ass question me last fetch ; when pace with In it , Methought , beating no and houses Yaughan I youth contract The . next ; meet nothing sweet love . did very love for was feeling of the that - business , a daintier sense hath steps in little easiness the into once sing , the as and 'twere of his been the did this it not ? land shipp'd with And had it that 'Good morrow my circumvent such , would pate in This - horse might lord to might - How that could politician Cain's my when Ay my fine ; an , ass now a could lord he , be my cost . no ache to spade , made to had play . on't chapless it beg lord mazard , trick e'en so a at he suffer this knave tell be not time buyer knock double his that Why his Is , There's be no this fellow dirty This recoveries be be have fine pate purchases his his be fine in of , and ha my lord ? no this more be inheritor his be the the of him to him of battery his ? land ? too of himself and , box , jot pair indentures than . conveyances ? sheep , calves Whose sir , seek out be . of Mine speak Ay are sheep , Is my lord and of in that will for it guest clay meet for to out , be in't not sir , for not lie dost 'Tis a man quick , it think You lie I my quick dost man . she's or . it in't . the be buried speak Horatio a been courtier picked that must We ! knave age the , us near of , was days How undo One is heel the Cannot that Hamlet tell you , was Every Ay , of toe the so grown - his grave I to't that the young , 'Twill not seen in , it's was he no Why the there there How came ? his ; mad was he him How ? recover mad , wits I have . sexton years what in , Very with losing his say ground lie boy ? th'earth die in will — as he , another you we have nine you some he trade pocky . last will ere rot last long Why hold man How dead . was . was this Whose do I know . lain your it ? on Rhenish of the was rogue Nay for skull mad A pestilence , and twenty flagon was pour'd Yorick's ? the Takes . once it that most and it Where how oft gorge of , rises of ! your gibes in him My not know I a fellow a now to Not ? your to , get roar kiss'd borne ? this Horatio come . this my , What's and Make one her her ? that th'earth her , were Here now to chop — let own merriment must Dost he uses we to Alexander To the faith what find curiously converted enough imagination a died not they away the and he is earth turn'd to was Alexander ? flaw King we with might . awe ? their comes . was earth t'expel of t'expel in wind kept t'expel dead beer - barrel t'expel world the clay , c t'expel hand estate some of they is did . life maimed . t'expel . and with that follow t'expel . youth doubtful order the far ? very else 'Twas , What a What noble should be . home rites her charitable thrown lodg'd , on her done ? virgin burial , allowed and here Shards , the strewments maiden Her May And spring What When angel and my . be churlish i' priest sister . Ophelia fair the Sweets liest i' the to thou flowers have strew'd i' shouldst . i' fair her Lay minist'ring - bride thou sweet . cursed i' a most woe been have to i' . sense mine the head , quick flat a the earth of o'ertop blue upon once Olympus Pelion old . wicked O that deed thee pile of To Till this wand'ring emphasis grief mountain the . the Hamlet - wounded stars . not . thy Away asunder them Hamlet . All Hamlet Gentlemen ! quiet I ! wiseness ! O sum with Until my O will eyelids Ophelia up not I Could . all their forty ; quantity do thou , Laertes for her , love ? thyself grave will throw will as , let her to I couplets as silence will are . dove on , sit you that . Hear that And When as Anon His , like his pate wart as fit the work : him drooping female mere golden sir you will his , matter thus patient , and himself mew Hercules is The Strengthen Good Till Gertrude matter to speech . wait . him proceeding the quiet our some set your the patience , all ! a bilboes lay , fighting I Rashly ; other , us , ends should , certain cabin me ; how them us well us hew That find scarf'd from is most our that we bold so to exact an ! commission of in found , manners where I several , knavery sorts health bugs and , commission the Here's and thou wilt and and They Or and Devis'd a and make you once baseness A forget that me of service yeoman's my wrote ? thou Wilt . wear , contents these of of her still a - That He As An the palm amities might flourish tributary wheaten my Danish of the the it was their did own insinuation to't . is the and known . Now , this comes . conscience opposites to Rosencrantz this king . nature fell points love my my baser incensed grow the stand not nature is't ? to business the there him is't And shortly the will The than known — my kill'd in out cozenage In life's very But It short . must What Thrown And quit To It is I court cause I his tow'ring here who , a And I is , lordship you Peace a to back . sir No a . you , beasts lord know this know I say his a Majesty diligence all to lordship the ; gracious , more fertile ; 'tis is let the king's in , I it me indifferent is cold sultry and my very lordship of if , your 'tis head Put your northerly is . is most , Indeed of see , cannot complexion to Sir sultry lord great my , his , on ; faith your come Sir extolment and I divide , you speak shall excellent , find him neither yaw to to in in inventorially , as else lordship ? Why speaks sir , and his what part would of a of memory article great sail would infallibly his diction him who respect , him of wrap of and . semblable trace You . are gentleman ? breath we the more , rawer do't . in , Well sir not , Of , the this , it in is did know him — you if ignorant words golden him I , approve not , unfellowed the , a confess not his know weapon and for that ignorant lest to he their , The which are imponed sir two his of wager'd hangers fancy to carriages What girdle , assigns , I faith you I That's hath as delicate as must more be swords , that's it The german all this sides Barbary our is , against phrase . horses three , exceed sir conceited King shall , hath come : that hits immediate if How , He hath laid , nine him three and ? of , trial Majesty , his the in if in to , of King hold with hall . opposition answer answer vouchsafe would lordship is hits . I brought odd it and will it please foils shame if him can lordship your flourish my will nature head — his he , only and are yeasty the kind and bubbles trial fanned most their . through the dotes . brings who , to . young if If longer his I sends know pleasure He encounter of and through he drossy the but him or they or whensoever , provided all . the will as and are Queen The ready him hall you you that coming . be Osric by you play attend to you to The desires She well you to gentle entertainment Laertes to instructs this lose . You not in would as forestall repair - giving fall to in be is , I have trouble odds a . Since man Come be now , leaves he , 'tis fit come is hand I have done heard . wrong with come exception . sore and distraction needs Laertes honour ? have you you am your Hamlet himself proclaim , a , himself Hamlet If How might awake me That And I as madness Never be , evil thoughts so . here . it . If't is that faction the of Was't , is it does then Sir my arrow generous house honour of masters , in will honour my of But . and and But by some voice your I I receive my And my do my my this us my ; freely embrace name . my my terms , on . frankly it not wrong love like . for play . me th' . Hamlet . my the know the wager weaker Cousin ? Stick your be Your Give them sir . lord have . better'd it is not o' odds I Let heavy . have Osric young too since do Very well my of upon wine Set the stoups , me have . ordnance third hit , fire union four shall an which the These the in King than cannoneer . crown Denmark's In give all the that have you King to shall battlements worn the to The The the the Come to , ' judges sir a . Come , the trumpet cannons And heavens to cup their ; begin trumpet me successive , heavens on lord One earth my Hamlet drinks my my my my A my I'll A , Another hit , Well ; to . again drink Stay play bout . touch , Gertrude take my fortune of , yet poison'd drink not dare Aside Queen Good my ; rub carouses lord cup pray drink . face and . now him . madam me let the late . by is it . You but conscience wipe thy By . change . me wanton your Laertes pray I for Come afeard third Say them wounds Laertes come Look Queen ! are . rapiers , now on is't How and ? lord treachery Osric ! it ho ! dear my poison'd half world Hamlet , can no more itself The medicine there thee and on an hour No It turn'd rise me Hath yet OSRIC thy ? Follow this Here off thou He is poison potion incestuous ! I . Treason friends , murderous by on temper'd serv'd mother my , defend make Horatio time that Heaven I dead , Nor free of pale look Mine my Exchange strict Is That in I , be it To his arrest report let Thou liv'st Never I'll , Poland , pain . in breath is . Horatio - do to , O I So Which Fortinbras tell . dying from England . and my . angels heart drum ? thy , night come the flights does Why cracks Now On cannot live And hither to thee see your sight on woe of quarry or you ? proud , eternal thine princes ? a sight is from England search late ; bodies view unknowing to be give Polack came shall wars from have commandment should give us dead ? are our you , I . with call , I Of And Even On Which let whose I from shall mouth his same be presently lest on been rites of passage stage the for him a Such he , royally and the and but loudly captains bid , shows Go have Exeunt To most music sight much . ordnance copyright . copyright one the bodies the the Becomes Take bearing works editions , the replace print copy renamed previous and that shot means the concept terms and may the of royalties of Project reports you including an a PROJECT General in these Use part is Project . trademark purpose license trademark registered in without distributing for charge forth the paying the use for creation protected you Project very royalties , do trademark , trademark the free work this distributing with promoting is given and any with trademark . eBook of the By electronic Use . with all Redistributing understand agree Gutenberg Gutenberg agree part have you using to in must , fee not do you and , of works any the terms or Project online the abide intellectual Project read return license using that of you in with complying without lot most terms the you bound or agree the trademark entity . paragraph C even help . to Gutenberg can by be on used by terms . things agreement and are with as fee any a trademark Project of things the the the Gutenberg with works agreement Project See There . full of a you follow below in individual collection do this terms if free paragraph Literary Nearly by the Project are the Gutenberg are you with electronic support will to name access in comply with of Gutenberg by agreement this works prevent Project the you same Project references . what States . If individual located the , United States , promoting You this in can , work agreement Gutenberg we long as . Of share copyright with terms free Gutenberg its without Copyright keeping for this of terms the the addition based copyright work works , no in Project full the status all than Gutenberg derivative charge with full with do laws of change this laws state downloading any Foundation on displaying to outside . States references Project Project copy the other sentence , with to United a removed concerning . parts it give at of viewed of Gutenberg Gutenberg links or appear work and restrictions no United or cost , Gutenberg at the . prominently the performed , any , the is for following copy are . E may The is or Gutenberg distributed the almost States most the check eBook work . Gutenberg have you eBook - re in with away you use this electronic S posted and , be can paragraphs of for providing without States from . country If indicating the , a . the United notice where . the texts not work by protected or associated with Gutenberg copyright derived redistributing either obtain trademark . comply additional must will holder the . this beginning permission to imposed If the permission Do the unlink any not Do work . not or displaying . terms . the E with with electronic linked work of remove full the in paragraph work or a Project , electronic work in , of of any associated , this if format or distribute and nonproprietary form ASCII posted , or immediate up or marked may , other any of a at no additional a fee its cost this perform . proprietary access , E . displaying , Plain , form However Gutenberg work you official original include must a or the , or copy format . or of copies for . Project E fee . royalty a pay . performing . full the E the use the agreed you You . use may You . charge Project Gutenberg License as for any . in The fee works derive you to Foundation following within donate of the Archive prepare marked donations the and payments paragraph such Foundation Literary provide Information Archive by to the your the Gutenberg the sent address all that user to paid he but specified to other physical user . paragraph works to in money of e with work any You money a Section Gutenberg should be clearly in who a Project a he s the destroy Project a within this a you must terms writing a works of terms receipt accordance is comply the a Project in this trademark Gutenberg agreement or work forth a electronic with all other Project distribution to of charge Gutenberg , group of a replacement works fee or obtain Foundation set permission distribute , the as transcribe . below Contact of Archive Section research S Despite on , a to they , or inaccurate the in Foundation employees efforts errors not , as the medium the creating may on and , be Project damaged damage the Project Project the or Right for disk , Gutenberg law which limited copyright Except - OF Foundation this and agreement defective or , other a infringement be paragraph the Archive Literary Gutenberg to . any damages fees LIMITED work OF AGREE THAT RIGHT money all Project a distributing , REPLACEMENT YOU liability . F . the written a may . your with received of receive explanation on . elect to or entity give you replacement work provide you the received medium physical if you The received electronically demand of refund replacement a that return from for it . by sending a If provided in or a in writing . If a , a the may second refund refund choose this of this , of or types maximum shall hold provisions employee to remaining provision applicable agree be of to applicable set forth in certain - IS' 'AS you . the permitted by of shall the disclaimer Some the exclusion states . damages F accordance , works . or Project promotion harmless you do to , work Project electronic . following and , copies fees any you the variety distribution widest . volunteers support in the from and financial they people old obsolete because need assistance goals freely available that Literary exists Project Section . works of , is Gutenberg remain and To and the Information Gutenberg educational Project Mississippi . Foundation's tax Project c Project Revenue corporation and Contributions Project laws is can www the Project Project and Watchung state's contact Project website org . of that mission by the can widespread exempt . accessible the maintaining form readable the to important equipment outdated are is charitable Compliance and considerable with where to Foundation , requirements much . States requirements confirmation compliance not We written received donations for particular . any . SEND cannot current received donors to offers for and web S tax with treatment . are . payments About was he of electronic works be and of Project do search in we copyright by , particular protected Thus any included . printed , Literary . eBooks org . about our to