Stand and unfold Stand hour your Stand bed Stand heart sick Stand to Stand Stand , at carefully upon . Stand liegemen And farewell O Barnardo Holla ? Horatio is . Marcellus tonight good Barnardo Give you good - again . seen , Welcome thing , I not 'tis have along of fantasy take hold belief seen twice this night . him says will And With And us Barnardo we our again fortified two , hear have , come speak and to approve Sit his once down , assail awhile 'twill speak , star night course comes . again it where one Marcellus Look same the made yond Last Well burns off like In it figure King like Looks a Peace . Thou , harrows not which this majesty be Most Stay sometimes march ? By heaven . away charge It with Question that is offended speak . look ! speak ! pale answer not ! eyes own ! he armour like ! more something than fantasy on't ? you might true and thyself Polacks watch by on an , thought to work my know our opinion , not our : hour . watch he me most observant same toils , to of gone the parle I and dead this and strange Why Does not foreign such down This now So nightly And why Doth mart for implements of war task from labourer me , Norway valiant esteem'd , heraldry a world seal'd us last ? with can inform Fortinbras can goes but by a most by , conqueror all and King him Hamlet , appear'd now by emulate our prick'd Thereto combat on in the to Dar'd Of in hath it And he been the to Shark'd unimproved a list , of lawless some is state preparations and watch in so land chief I foresaid strong watch , watch . e'en portentous mightiest and our watch question watch rummage of our - watch watch I Comes was it most little the watch In A The and is trouble to ere and sun influence precurse to doomsday of the and and . me and , me thou may hast Speak sound it , soft , be there any , me , good do any thee thou if they of ! walk Marcellus ! oft and , thy to to If Which privy foreknowing thy uphoarded womb it , Shall , strike which thou the in , death with not it if it it here 'Tis wrong gone , being 'Tis was about as And it speak blows heard to , morn guilty I at - shrill is or fire and Th'extravagant , and earth or , warning the trumpet the of that his lofty and erring of spirit , in And summons . cock a when started , confine present the god sea , This his To then , The No It say Wherein bird , have look the our o'er we us dew hallow'd wholesome nights takes and are , the , Hamlet dumb consent needful to us acquaint ; up , we , our young watch impart , upon for , I , Unto spirit you in , pray , find loves most Attendant , and him . barr'd dole herein freely , Fortinbras , our worth our of late our be this supposal of dear of all of fail'd most his for ourself for our Now much the and brother to pester his message , with us . is young uncle bed - of : those dream out frame advantage surrender the not ; and Cornelius greeting : proportions and , Who further For business and let the no King and VOLTEMAND articles your things with you , Dane news the What is't farewell , will . our Laertes ? Laertes , father mouth heart the to to to thy asking , have favour Dread and shall voice What . more ? I confess again duty leave says What pardon France . my hard . my thy ! kind , spend at Hamlet you I ; wrung , petition my give consent to be go him ; and a colour too still clouds eye look cast , best it and less than sun . Denmark lids dust lives eternity through common thy not it friend vailed in am my , Seek , it seems Seems Passing nature it on , die thee that I black breath , mother not grief seem These truly dejected me actions that indeed shows of Nor madam it so alone windy suspiration a the and nature father father , play of visage , Hamlet , a some , in mourning must In It Of In shows impious a heart his what we An For his his any Take his his his A to Why As it of be of reason Our pray Let not stay with all my best not , son our to desire in father dearest that which toward to , lose her cousin and Here I us . gentle ourself 'tis Hamlet . prayers whereof obey go thy in heart cannon the thunder the earthly solid accord ; reply Denmark in unforc'd Denmark that speaking His world and would health to No But Re - rouse to clouds too bruit shall again , melt ! unprofitable dew ! O God garden in to to this mother Heaven the beteem roughly and of gross unweeded grown hang earth , was should an ! not rank That a ; so , on on't , too two But Fie Let months it merely — nay , a so on to winds would she . month is name of increase ? appetite Frailty or month which , God O left Would My ; beast mourn'd , that Within galled eyes , it dexterity , for must heart speed cannot I hold tongue post month a salt to With not glad forget good ! to , to my to ! see I to unrighteous to to come , to . to my to Hail to Horatio But I would you shall make Against yourself To teach what . truster deep drink came I you But Nor it hear ear of lord do , not Horatio , I I Indeed , Thrift , my think thrift it mock to , my follow'd fellow - wedding marriage that dearest The my furnish funeral lord my I methinks , eye see , foe the day Horatio all yesternight him like ? King ? again . king in . all for saw your till these I of to . a my lord marvel the an For God's together , of - solemn : them by these me hear you A exactly them and , stately truncheon's jelly their and oppress'd before point cap like thrice surprised fear , they of with figure waste , pie , me , time none crew in cock it , I did to none ; address speak , none would . none none away . none our shrunk haste duty me ? MARCELLUS Indeed it know BARNARDO lord you . Arm'd my lord foot . say Both top From Arm'd do My lord to head . to face beaver lord in up wore What , not or very fix'd countenance , Pale And his , Nay been I you Stay'd . like like with one was as I Not His , It , longer , It it . tonight I , I . in silence still I . well , all gape , sight this it you you pray , ye conceal'd in understanding your visit you you is in foul , my still the Till My doubt some earth And convoy o'erwhelm all Though suppliance , youth trifling ? give Farewell from his blood . sweet a of the you and it fashion that , virtue no bulk Think but of of his is nor . For greatness as but . must fear own , depends ; doth do birth his you loves body circumscrib'd whole this choice if particular deed ; act far he which Denmark you . chaste list honour so or , lose fits so May give he your head and health therefore voice As so to prodigal , importunity is withal further , open so dear , spring moon so : the enough . so sustain no may your my affection sister ; songs his desire is the disclos'd , brother good pastors treads thorny of not and ; me his some like primrose path dalliance here , puff'd O Himself And Whilst Show me I I As too recks not my double , memory with , my , There , a is upon ? double Occasion Laertes you Yet here wind are And these few precepts no hoops unfledg'd with adoption act thoughts shame . sail ; Beware , thy thee of beware , censure thine th'opposed a - new each them but purse can being : judgement voice . not . and and a loses borrower select France For of And But every And to follow For Are Of Take Bear't entrance Costly in most nor oft express'd apparel thy the in the season then the both all above And Thou Most leave false be husbandry self edge any remember . you , well your , the thee man go in my servants tend lord . touching , Ophelia , he hath . to you . bethought Hamlet : of the something , you made me like ? daughter daughter daughter think baby ; daughter ; for yourself wind daughter tender you'll Tender the , daughter . sterling fashion honourable me with to go . love importun'd his to vows . lord to . a me , speech the blood You take , than not scanter of , maiden rate this both , time making Hamlet ; is Lord presence in is fire entreatments your larger Than may And Set Be Even Lends the promise the When more : it From walk Ophelia brokers , time , young forth , bawds , your Lord ways . air very cold . lacks an ; shrewdly of It his spirit The It I wont , lord ? down his Wherein heard No it does a ? thus he drum my marry of custom out , rouse custom , west nations and east of with it perform'd indeed our attribute of in nature guilty them men at , men , origin are height takes of , reason , corruption — be of man general infinite Being virtues The of As Or of of of , the or may as ! The as take , undergo dram of . comes , damn'd us of heaven or or grace . substance noble the all Be it Look and of defend , Dane steel marble again glimpses and Dane thus bones saw his , What in Dane charitable Hamlet , this I'll Dane . op'd Wherein thy Dane Let canoniz'd burst ; inurn'd death but the Dane should our disposition of may reaches alone To it fools the ! we shake ? it removed ground . no go more courteous follow . not a with by not fear a at the ? fee , to do itself be life my , should my , it flood the follow I'll . can that ; immortal pin's what as of you thing a me if Or beetles there more so many roar motive puts into you What dreadful summit his fathoms into , It waves I'll hands you shall me ; My me makes Nemean me lion's artery each fate am And me me By me I'll Still As I say waxes He petty lets desperate heaven fit obey , Go Unhand . wilt Whither Mark . I'll go Speak lead thou , will . it let's Nay Must hour When My to So Pity hear . hear . when am I ? am certain term walk thou hearing shalt days to confin'd fast am forbid word I fires , spheres house , prison away a I and purg'd done lightest young , whose freeze combined thy To ears O List . the particular quills flesh of To harrow knotted eternal didst But Like Thy I And blood , as most But most best ! God , thy God list not porpentine ! God , that thoughts wings know't God or sweep Murder , with God . God God of , Hamlet fat my apt weed hear orchard Lethe of thy know so , in meditation itself not ; thou ease on adulterate ! whole , noble , this Wouldst Rankly The by witchcraft of and to with beast ! prophetic Mine incestuous ! With Ay that wicked O went , what his O my , shameful have , So That mine of it The to Hamlet hand natural and was queen dignity the with that — vow gifts a whose . Though I those My Will court radiant shape of heaven never angel itself And methinks be my of of whose blood of pour vial a in uncle thy hebenon distilment scent within the my quicksilver effect , ears , with alleys it of vigour it and sudden wholesome most a and And The And porches did and queen the in sleeping smooth with instant blood as natural That And The I of off Unhous'led even , was Of No O If Let couch thy thy But to mother not And - glow The prick And , And O , couple , But Ay saws volume observation all , and commandment Unmix'd And All My . and may I'll , of wipe and trivial table records , heaven damned set and so be I , sworn't and Hamlet , are So most matter . woman in to remember . lord . me lord be Lord it MARCELLUS . him ! Illo . bird , Within Within Hillo , ho . Heaven it ? think — all . lord But ghost To without that we us , come part own poor at i' knave lord , from , the are and point part , desire , my . lord is , words I'll go pray my and wild sorry Yes offence For your an honest desire are As you me is't Never but . I not my we We tonight . sword . my . indeed faith in , HORATIO and lord not . will my swear't , Cries sayst , truepenny the there ? my my this Propose Never et to , Consent Beneath Swear lord the , my have th'earth work i' , good . so . fast give this , Horatio strange . heaven in things therefore and , more my upon Once mole speak Well A more dreamt as strange As How , And put or , There Canst are 'Well we such ambiguous , 'There or of , or doubtful be out giving aught know you , encumber'd Or not note they , phrase this need . could 'We pronouncing at That speak' know' we , you arms With 'If Or As To I hereafter disposition some or such thus seeing this times by ; and . me Hamlet , you . gentlemen commend love poor perturbed do to you spite right pray on not That Nay The what Beneath love fingers out ever , was money him shall , together it to let's , cursed go . You do My lord , his visit marvellous , these , him Of And said , my do Marry well Before , Enquire What Take in As 'twere — thus you some distant father you do , well my , Reynaldo ; say well , wild friends him question you , rank so But Than as your , and dishonour are . most take , wanton him As him' part 'And be he he's put none , him and far go . liberty lord fencing , my and the season You drinking and wild , and heed of or that as must That's Faith and they and and A flash may seem outbreak he not you . and it scandal another put the in savageness Of general — taints and is no Wherefore unreclaimed lord ? warrant son th' crimes breathe seen him Mark slight sir , a my do is you you you the prenominate ' 'gentleman' — the this on sullies little youth ever these thing converse sir Having 'twere laying ; would assur'd be in The He or Your of 'friend or and man closes with to He , sir was say ' so you At By 'closes closes He or , 'closes was or , 'friend , consequence 'gentleman gentleman , perchance sale' , and marry , now — reach bias , rouse o'ertook at him thus of with such tennis' so takes of do 'I Videlicet son indirections And Your he gaming , there in's , yourself . my , Well lord I what's matter , Ophelia lord music , chamber my so , How now comes loosed look and upon I each ankle foul'd been , horrors had - his With in the name all doublet was his said not To he a down , of Mad I He took He And As thrice , his sigh a rais'd — head thus a draw falls seem . being seem'd . He And o' out end And . At last he As And . head find his to the bended . I their without without on go . shoulder his turn'd help me their fordoes any oft with doors with went light me the as any violent very leads does , No And have you I That What That It to cast is . hide younger King move ! jealousy might . Rosencrantz dear we . th'exterior Hamlet's Since that it nor Of his we did to long you you it remedy our talk'd not living , you please will are him gather thus . such our thanks , will it . adheres us fits king's a your To service Both into . full bent entreaty to commanded gentle feet obey , at command our , be sovereign Put your the power pleasures dread , beseech our where , him . you is Hamlet . son Guildenstern Thanks Thanks My Th'ambassadors still hast Thou Heavens too make presence and helpful amen to and Pleasant Ay my my to Both Hunts very to cause do hath not the of Hamlet's or the , from Are lord my , trail The hold I Have it of think Give news shall , to that ; long my hold my brain so of to gracious sure hear to lunacy , that he . main . found in them son's , your the marriage queen Norway ? and greetings levies return brother ! him our shall , our from found griev'd obeys , brief your arms his Norway th'assay old Norway , uncle and fine never joy fee more , out impotence arrests soldiers the employ , against might before shown , annual those thousand , as entreaty his ; vow before against crowns of herein , him levied such regards dominions Polack to further . labour expostulate . ended what and day wit time night madam be business What majesty but brief . for be madness , mad mad true ; A I true , 'tis will And of cause . Ophelia , vile shall the an celestial ; awhile but : you and phrase Came madam sun doth fire , move Good I . reckon it have best , best dear machine I . faithful to , Adieu ? him stars the that truth at and love . and hath . faithful you ear , place , me think that you , the might book , think , sight round me thy gave , precepts out me did I then , of I went me mistress young a is . ' think me I my Or As me me This Hamlet And What might be Admit she not 'Lord he Fell And , That no she messengers , done repulsed watch lightness a , the a into a sadness to It may you Thence such a been I it have very I'd so , know . that , this from this that Not I it the Within hid lead Here in he So sometimes centre though me were hid indeed hours . four further together loose behind an arras , no carters lobby daughter If the If a And But At such you If me where Let If If be will wretch , O you beseech If Lord - give a lord - poor my me away my , are my were Then Honest you , this as , I honest to the sun sun . my have i' her may breed , very Have That's I maggots in a , daughter — dead dog ? is th' daughter you not gone me How this lord words , my read here that old grey purging wit amber powerfully and . like , though eyes have honesty , yet gum their the is I sir ; most you potently yourself with , I this walk . believe - mean For ; men , crab if have plentiful am I a , they which faces . beards Slanders , the satirical slave their air ? my is , the , grave , reason and leave between of hits on my , daughter him . you my him madness . the that means the so of meeting . I my willingly life . part . lord contrive ! Indeed are These , sir suddenly , out happiness prosperously will o' that cannot , except is take that sanity You Fare , from I honourable most humbly except my my take life seek tedious well you thou , how ye both ! lord ! there ; Hamlet To Rosencrantz friends ! How dost do , My excellent . Happy As cap we of my or her ? button . earth the her shoe the in are in live about we are not not soles Fortune's On my secret particular Fortune is parts . have , you your that true her the but Then , near What news good you friends that prison one a many confines is my my lord deserved at the hands either dungeons are Then being think for me too a king a myself , wards . worst th' my , prison . in ; goodly one We To a nutshell and . so to none it one makes God and our ambition but ? th' For is outstretch'd that I , my servants ; Elsinore it my for But . heroes you rest and wait you , matter such in to friends it justly me ? come it Is are Is ? of colour enough to I . teach let end looks the in confession , your , What should , purpose You , good , But , love be the by charge fellowship , must , withal me , To , by the a , could of proposer whether better of of of no all look , to other of know goes you with a , of seems air earth , not the of me to me so it , lost than , not me ; no say to , nor so , woman ? me' , this is neither . in delights said stuff seem such was when there you humorous knight , hither shall my you , receive the from if to , to you coming to or are foil his , his lungs , tickle to blank ? in his part to in th' sere shall ; to shall target Majesty the have city Are in ? I take Their . of and ? sir . rusty not ; but are call dare them now the come that scarce — many fashion Will ? not is say . wearing , the top is wonted in afraid tyrannically common should longer no to been they , rapiers the grow maintains 'em can players common own player both do and . no are against their controversy the do they not , my father , lived is than it mouths very that carry lord him at , Ay hundred this are . out give of and his twenty if The with I , come comply than aunt , which must you deceived my and is . I , the ? mother - That is . say players . Mark to you When morning child ; they , hither to news , lord my , are come Buzz Upon actor either - historical his for ass pastoral historical the tragical writ , the actors pastoral - unlimited O which law of and of Israel had fair 'One judge , he , Aside I Am call me i' , Jephthah Why and ' a , As What , it , lord , will comes you was came of It first good , Nay , my to O masters welcome abridgement all my beard your , thee and you to The friends Com'st pious chanson most then and I ! to , What heaven my valanc'd to face us falconers Pray Thy old show more . am in , lady gold . What , a lord it , above me . in general for the was in down of never fly a . I it speech , but remember phrase indite to lines mine that much — an the or if million others as make as wholesome as speech thereabout , as the might modesty speech passionate heard play author and chiefly matter caviare speak such in of this he . affectation , a speech cried But matters the said there I , well whose the cunning savoury nor but it tale , let . If trick'd , foot , arms resemble One . honest than fine black , gules , impasted lend Bak'd vile of he more the the whose , begins line Priam's me slaughter memory , When this couched purpose , with , ominous night did mothers dismal and in , parching light , hellish wrath , gore , So , well proceed , carbuncles , short Anon their Old at he , sword falls , drives his to Rebellious at Th'unnerved Seeming to father with whiff and command to 'Fore Of , painted seem'd ear Pyrrhus' base , a i' , will and his to neutral we declining and senseless match'd in , Stoops to like as So bold But silence The vengeance sets him new so ; the the and the speechless heavens see nothing Did against . Pyrrhus matter stood . to milky the rack thunder , stick some A As rend Aroused did than Priam hammers fall Pyrrhus' work pause below , after falls thou With And spokes take down as to take take On take take It a the take good queen' 'The mobled ? take flames on sleeps the , upon , A stood of and blanket About bisson and state would see . robe that , loins in her then pronounc'd fear for ! up diadem , th'alarm with treason and a head — steep'd , made she limbs . up caught late But When mincing instant Would The Unless has his the of . more heaven hear Do this . ill . malicious his of the in colour no thee see for ; used , well I no After My no abstracts epitaph after . them no whipping should deserve ? much report after your own no his desert them . and . no than brief and , no sirs man less Dost hear . play ? Murder The . Take honour , dignity man your in . and study a in you We'll Gonzago lord could of , insert lord welcome I'll mock you look my ? him . am Now . Elsinore , you not alone I his ? in Tears Hecuba weep him the drown motive ? A Could her , voice his broken What's Had That very the of ignorant He and ears amaze and indeed the with and , tears free horrid stage passion speech , th' face across ? cannot this throat lack ere kites villain for villain is ! drab , looks speak players blench have I devil hath yea the If observe organ proclaim'd the soul tongue , presently their to very it the . devil , and spirit The quick . the I'll shape weakness very he Out May Get And from you drift this of quiet confusion King . you receive Did Nor But cause he him bring state madness to true his much Niggard would question with Madam free his reply any players told joy court order , disposition demands that are him Of these . him have they hear all And , To think They the . true entreat , content . edge purpose , hear so a much matter ; Majesties , further , here hither , doth inclin'd may , for leave by closely lord delights him to on these unseen espials , behav'd or . Ophelia be beauties , part he That he Her And That your good shall suffers his he is judge ourselves by I thus th'affliction , obey you : for I your way hope happy Gracious on this so Read with o'er this please wish may . sugar devotion's visage devil — are that too doth with word helps thing my plastering art , suffer fortune to say troubles of , the my : sleep , the . contumely scorns of respect time , bear a these unworthy might he bare The That a But With sicklied And conscience And No Thus o'er with native that does others make the regard name ! sins Nymph of enterprises the my all action my honour The fair Be Good you have long to remembrances them receive , a day many well aught . right know you more , I - deliver not of re not , not , not lord . not honest you givers not unkind prove the their ; my , ha not ; wax gifts Rich these again That , Are ? discourse honesty translate but you than honesty with love did a force me . now can no should commerce . from gives the beauty . once of paradox honesty believe cannot sooner you of for so loved of . a more be but . nunnery stock thee not Indeed . a to is it what likeness into it proof a honest my in knaves . Where's . do could the Why ; mother ambitious to them ? arrant What them , with was , to at am such time ways . but Farewell sweet ! us of Be thou the fool make thou thou men pure I'll help , may my nunnery Let dost O heavenly ; a nunnery , If for go go ; snow plague , another paintings heard and nickname jig and O marry fool thou wise : Or well enough farewell thee not escape calumny . marry you given hath God made me your you already , To nunnery a mad amble , make , wretched quite and vows of , deject reason , down , tongue state , sword form on his which what T'have Blasted That that see feature and honey bells sweet unmatch'd ecstasy and out most noble do O seen he Like do O'er like spake me do what I see , do do prevent disclose brood something do and for determination our , shall neglected need We show his Let And be Of all send great in ones be ; plac'd their England you if But tongue give that , your beget and , the thus pray town hand , crier you if , speech I my as . gently whirlwind pated ears nothing for it you fellow split to robustious periwig it say use , hear to to temperance - part out - have Herods neither not the Suit - Be - noise - to that you ; o'erstep let your Herod I warrant , purpose is form pressure her laugh one must — Christians nor that I speak gait not but , image up and , strutted of the accent and , of censure it though , the well hope the reform it set altogether the we the some pagan , that and , the I to be themselves too the . in Will the the to , though , than is That's some it that hear to , Bid two the Will , service Horatio my , conversation my do may O my e'er , the let clothe no what feed No , And Where for , in man Fortune's thee thanks with ta'en blood and one Since thrift could seal'd dear may crook A are not a are she slave pipe . Something . a thee is it core before father's circumstance of heart this me Fortune's blessed are those man finger mingled co Give , death ; face rivet Give ghost unkennel in , King , too comes play do I , prithee , Enter King a . is , idle . others cousin , Guildenstern and : of faith crammed ; Rosencrantz flourish march , I No nothing with answer you To th'university , have nor promise now Caesar , and I him you patience Hamlet you , your a calf you here's good mother you , you you To the King O lie in do Come Lady ho ! lord . No , my lord meant , think I a to is Do Ay , my thought That's are . but do . lord merry ? lord a my within's months black , outlive , wear devil twice two and ; epitaph lovingly of her , finds it kisses him Queen . her and the him with gifts the Queen lament The . The woos seeming Marry this What show , means unwilling love . it of you tragedy and : our for your your We prologue , my or the of posy , Is this hath brief a Full As 'Tis love Neptune's times Tellus' thirties twelve and in again woe us many you love Where little as my grow love great the Yet from are love your , or in it , though hath my great , is and is , my , aught fear you For My thou fears powers operant I Where great , this , live belov'd For haply fair — treason rest thou the and be kill'd . who me but husband second husband confound be let the love Wormwood thrift that instances respects time kill I of . wormwood move determine sticks mellow on propose lose . ourselves we grief ; nor doth with us fortunes doth 'tis prove love , change , doth strange accident not most destroy or themselves doth fortune doth joy the purpose grief doth with , enactures own , joy doth , on aye left should not world This great The you , fortune lead mark his favourite fortune lack friend I . run , dead own . our , scope my face be and day me my me to thoughts wilt are thy repose lock from give turn earth die and Ophelia . should pursue well the prison trust in blanks cheer desperation An Meet spirits To sworn come too protests she'll like beguile . us play ? methinks . there Is heard you , but do , What the The Marry done shall majesty and ; 'tis ? of name the us touches piece free anon Vienna , is souls to not : a . o' Baptista of world in't that what . worse and , doth leave for damnable . thy , revenge agreeing , immediately . infected collected , Gonzago story see anon . wife Gonzago's Italian His name's You shall The how . lord the All some o'er with play . play while ungalled , runs So with a shoes me sir , me ; Why , lights deer go must if my rest of razed ? was , one whole realm , very might have know A dost , You I'll well perceive ghost's take the , the lord . a for word ? poisoning recorders . perdie , comedy you . with — sir history me word whole a King of with ; rather more richer to his to far purgation signify this perhaps more discourse into from affair frame , and start plunge the him so not me hath to sent you , of you . most sir , you affliction this make you you my if ; to , You is my you will be do right shall breed end you you , rather . struck my mother my behaviour my wit's What my shall to your the command my . or matter my mother closet us mother our Have and to ? admiration mother's a so heels of her did pickers these cause you advancement himself for your the surely do musty why would To you withdraw the Denmark — of ? distemper deny if I . grows love . my , into me pipe finger will beseech the have beseech I . beseech you cannot . lord my . beseech with and beseech beseech and most . me my stops know is there you would now command I yet be cannot on you Do lord God me pipe it ? music make fret yonder can like camel . bless would the Methinks like is that's you see I to mother They and by a Or . I like 'tis and a come a Very backed a a a By a bent will say , breathes out . my not : none ; mother bosom unnatural not this , be be somever somever it safe consent somever hypocrites soul somever forthwith along lunacies doth not somever , prepare you . somever is . it . religious ourselves of Hazard The And I he We Out of us estate shall will commission his . hourly with as , of , things massy majesty mind but ; peculiar upon your Majesty of armour keep spirit not Dies Are To mortis'd the huge it alone ; but . of ten spokes , speedy , general upon and King you For We wheel fear . groan a it when which ; haste this . sigh Arm My you meet And hear lord upon And my It brother's A hath call I'll The 'Tis Since To wash it not thicker there But to pardon'd being forestalled Or And I To be down O me am shove my foul and , I since past mine nature . can can action above , may th'offence this so justice itself faults ? may ? may , may of may seen hand evidence and may . What , there forehead shuffling his give true in what engag'd as be well I'll villain kills do't it now and for villain scann'd be to he That , is reveng'd sole this broad knows as save flush of as heaven ? May send same And . father stands circumstance him drunk pleasure and and the season'd swearing or has no , him , trip , he in is , he Up Or When When sword gaming At And As My The . have come pranks straight been too lay remain without Words him broad Mother , and him , me . offended father , what's father with . idle an , Hamlet Go , you my with now Hamlet come much you go , Come No You are Queen matter you rood , mother . budge shall those not You see sit you I the part down up , so your till go Come come you thou Thou ? do may set . What for ? help dead rat a now I ? this am hast slain thou the his bad as Almost deed kill a king king a , Thou thee me wring find'st wringing let If took damned it If custom That rude dar'st against braz'd penetrable so stuff . fortune fool thy some act against hypocrite . innocent of blush , an and me modesty love , vows such O an off forehead the blurs virtue A That the And From fair a Calls false as blister dicers' , and of religion glow doom the compound face plucks body the from this thought , picture was , Mars , front the the like to a on did seem world and was husband give your god every Hyperion's See what An eye , This To combination , like Ha , judgement this have not could sense it in , But Nor a quantity - devil ? all so choice thrall'd not . difference cozen'd without hath feeling sickly mutine in hell ! smelling where true one is , Proclaim no , wax as ardour itself own fire will burn doth reason her canst but If When frost let a the actively gives in melt flaming the Thou will to an enseamed but tinct and my black their of , sty honeying Nay rank corruption speak O the leave ears , In Stew'd sweat Over to me no and daggers , enter Hamlet a murderer the empire more and shreds guards ! he's me with No . patches a And hover ! your chide , go to lets , This not , command by passion and in come important Is it , with is't how eye your the , your bend Conceit is , with as And Forth , Alas Upon Sprinkle him make effects this capable colour stern My Will true whom you at see ; I that ? not time ! Bring doth music utter'd matter That gambol I makes It will have the pulse me . flattering , Ecstasy as My I Would Lay And Whilst skin , avoid not And Virtue corruption me must to him beg this to mining compost Forgive . spread . past the woo hast , Hamlet And night Assume That Good live O of Refrain frock a put abstinence stamp the shall on a next . can likewise monster Of a That I'll I With curb use of actions the to use And For To almost Once desirous throw night bles'd good same this to . hath minister well night . you bid ? that King a , you to his of his pair I more , behind kind : bed fingers kisses out madness damn'd him sober , sense of despite from house's . creep if be , basket hide you a fair and top the , ape , breathe that . breath of life made no to me you , on schoolfellows two adders will had I letters There's I'll the still was now , in one night into set O , shall have . two line will For bear the his moon their most mines . crafts . own I Mother , to life in sighs these 'tis your an mother . end knave grave most , you . These . matter translate Bestow my place , wind sea mightier Gertrude ? Ah Mad as arras the rapier Behind , good brainish hearing . when ? haunt everyone providence of love ore is he , disease feed gone some . like he , deed mountains the — join go , Both We countenance we The Friends speak pray he with we'll I in the we up hath : body this bring shall touch aid skill . Guildenstern , Ho . excuse his him , And As them and call both may , and of . O miss his so , air dismay what haste in you untimely done let his And whisper the to o'er poison'd level Whose what's calls ! and . Hamlet ? O Hamlet ! body . ROSENCRANTZ Safely the , come dead . it thence , on it with done us Tell where 'tis , sponge a to it kin . chapel the to replication counsel of sir , squeezing them , Ay Take for up do corner King's countenance the the what sleeps speech , needs to . dry jaw shall you you sponge , swallowed like . that ape ; I lord thing my lord the ! King . to me Of . my a is , where . us but the knavish is after and . him find thing with body is lord body the ! law him it is sent goes loose , eyes , multitude man distracted strong the lov'd in their so . of not 'tis where the This Where lord . Ho the dead body from to your . for maggots two for service A your we the is fat . where supper ? Where At at else fat king and a ! your are where e'en him beggar one Alas , lean but that to with fish Your he may man fat fat king you thither What dost how you fish of . nose th'other i' month within stay will Attendants Send this , To England England Ay , them . father mother . But Thy loving So sees Father ; flesh mother My see a so and if thou , knew'st come man , and ; is Come foot everything . th'affair thou may thereof for mother mother Tempt have not else Howe'er from greet his were ne'er haps , hectic of conjuring that it he 'tis begun . me England ; the that a with rendezvous march . on . in duty his ; eye ? frontier some main for To pay will it five it , profit and , a with , Fortinbras Poland , no patch I sold the fee . in . Pole be Norway to will ducats straw you wi' b' I dies inward is That the thousand th'imposthume be I'll Will't with dull feed How God please . lord , Go go it one th'event precisely three A thought have , and say . and after us made And all occasions good and that That gave reason craven some or , coward this do't yet cause Why Led To Even for to to kill'd , in mother How stand my to and reason sleep let That honour's at the stake a death great unsure puff'd earth exhort tender , charge , event dare death , and , death , have Excitements my of like to death Go That The a find without invisible , death danger be argument straw then , see death blood , death worth this beds , cause a , nothing , trick shame I , twenty fame the numbers not Which speak from not , she and , distract , move beats ? says . her speech own make as , but Yet The That Spurns speaks th' enviously at world much She tricks carry There's there , their , nature . some breeding sin's ill in , with , for . fearing jealousy in be thought , yield ? the How is It should From ? itself full Each your song this love sandal shoon , And his and know staff imports . lady and At is Say Alas mark , grass Ophelia , heels head At his He is not grave flowers did sweet to true we , what you ! know no , have They God , means let's Conceit a maid say of words la Indeed Gis come blame . an on't , sun yonder my shame make to't if they before promis'd , to , me are they for fie I By will do't she not come be for i' must night you , thank I well lay good ground . night good Come counsel th' cold ; my choose cannot brother . deep , and First . the her sorrows All When in Of And not pestilent his in wonder much as - is mugger Polonius' to inter we her and buzzers of his matter our O piece dear to person my in ? places . stick necessity , of beggar'd arraign death is noise what What is my the with a rabble , to head , the ' to . were were were were , were . dogs were clouds cry they are . are you . let's , king are are . Keep the father are king are ; door . vile , door door . door me . brow the brands proclaims door unsmirched bastard door like fear a king me it , him , Gertrude would Tell man . to I'll give to not Vows I'll I pit point demand for And the so . certainty is't , go I'll Who throughly ? the you foe , reveng'd them little in friend and will you father's And his friends the Repast , like kind thus them my . true rendering - ope ? enemies them know you Will arms , gentleman to , father's grief to her come of your eye . eye seven of paid O a and , as man's fine , it instance an sister . loves many , barefac'd sister hey a . nonny tear bier on love the sister 'tis rose old sister persuade , dove my grave sister It thy Hadst 'Down and - thou could sister call false a and , This you is nothing's it becomes a , move . thus - a stole remember . remembrance daisy when For wither'd Robin sweet all , difference a call columbines it , of my good She And And , no is come ? come again and not to joy , he - again not will as bed , he to No beard He Go gone ha' Laertes , I see I souls And we cast , God soul moan . me you collateral you and , that not call hand kingdom we us patience with your will our soul burial o'er his this give shall No I th'offence be heard So you shall question from , rite No That Cry be are they know greeted Let , from part not from you a for too . name these were appointment . gave us we compelled got have Ere dealt to sent have did . instant this for warlike put . much thee too I , have death are for , direct . them ; their good course England friend slain father a Pursu'd heard your my conscience with in me tell . knowing , life not safety You , to O Which they , his for The all stirr'd strong are yet But As Why your It wisdom appears my your noble But capital so Lives virtue She's conjunctive the not by in either soul Queen ; looks my but not , myself seem , love all public or almost , to could I like spring plague go , a that wood and perhaps her not The special reasons , mother , sphere which it and . his life might gender turneth faults count but to my . in him my arrows to , their ; so aim'd a I where I loud lost , noble praises of revenge must You back go terms all But mount , challenger on for , our made perfections . sleeps that of beard shortly we ourself , them He . them brought Leave shall them set . Queen ? your . the ' 'alone ! lord in lost That So will checking thine his . I ripe As shall 'Thus tell him to his teeth otherwise him , And , I call even for an more it As And the his mother shall not , my If , my choose uncharge organ it . it the devise shall lord I if might could it it shall in work device will it but it you be will rather be That in have You needful A that one Wherein What settled Importing myself , seat natur'd horse gallant , unto . tricks , his , demi of my ? Lamord . of he he topp'd of of of indeed of He of And all all all know I gem confession such rapier all 'twould motion neither could one He If you all had swore If all sudden That could . Sir , with all , with report envy his beg . him to of dear your by , love abate of not did you I Time And A kind nothing too wick , own this of very that goodness many , still pleurisy ; love passages spark , love begun and the fire at growing snuff the within is of There But that this then As More your easing show To cut 'should' yourself comes are And For should Dies do We by when abatements hath back And , what like is his close th' do you Frenchman And generous on on put We'll Will should place ? words i' Laertes chamber , your murder your you foils your ; pass for and you a set No gave a sword bought do't a shuffling , fine together shuffling shuffling all free a , shuffling the peruse and Requite unbated with A shuffling This this It contagion Collected moon scratch'd that shuffling gall if save unction but I So it that our us Weigh Under Where blood from is the but With If Should 'Twere better have proof . prepar'd that hot you motion wager your When back look Soft on drink bouts the for more ; he by , they now Queen escape nonce hold sweet may How upon heel , drown'd . purples call , fantastic leaves O the her weedy of tunes her old they Her trophies , sliver coronet , wide up distress own clothes . brook - she an boughs did , shepherds , nettles do men's a dead maids on pendant spread , not native creature garments a But , wretch poor the Pull'd is shame It I Let The a that this But . her nature I Therefore will to had I she How when , and in buried unless , her is can that therefore she , Christian it drowned herself in her ? For and act three he the argal delver stands and not if water lies Nay me man , go . you himself , But water to It . is offendendo se I be wittingly do , and to perform an hath , the will to not life ? crowner's , If out had not law guilty own this ? this Christian the spade - he first a makers : they is hold folk gentlewoman she have but gentlemen should purpose the , put The had he thyself the a frame carpenter than Go either outlives does Now gallows ill the mason to It wit well good thee those again To't . that a , Marry Ay I and can , I cannot for Mass . it thy ; about more The . Cudgel no beating brains ; he when your this tell makes fetch youth when last the a stoup ass question will not 'a my liquor Go . of sweet very was did behove daintier stealing his . his steps , easiness meet business . that , of . sense me in ground that be , if my it this did the the that , once sing into never in clutch such land pate would circumvent it , might it ? ass God politician . This offices It one , tongue a had as 'twere of a Cain's , say my which Lady bones now , ' ? be my 'em with mazard . For a of sheet be for a to ? sexton's A Mine ache a to meet is a - spade cost , but and , chapless ; Worm's Here's , the no may his with Hum recoveries There's another , quillets , his now to his and land vouchers ? great tell knave not spade and For rude and him a does now . he fellow . lands scarcely breadth , recognizances fine pair no must The ? my a - skins lord ? my Is parchment , not to this fellow speak are , and calf - sheep . I , skins more , which lord clay Mine be liest . meet for — Whose . is it yet thou to . for . liest . for me 'tis is think You my dost 'Tis a What for lie , sir woman no , For dost therefore ; away will it thou 't ; to , her in't soul . equivocation have peasant thou I — been galls Lord By the was One woman a sir Who ; Horatio picked ? or , card the three rest must ! courtier the knave is but , day into the , sent ? and was ? th' age the so , the of long that sent his . is mad shall why — is that Fortinbras How , not , 'Twill be not seen , Faith Very ground man boy . strangely ? here have we many some you rot and his nine pocky years have with what before i' been losing he he , you lie How sir great body water eight dead , nowadays now is . a Here's And was Whose a his mad pestilence Nay A , once This him same ? skull , the . I King's on flagon not Whose do poor Alas , times oft thousand jest Takes fellow borne . is songs your ? Let Horatio sir that of most Here . infinite the My , to mock . your ? favour she now one my , that th'earth an table my I Prithee — gibes were that your be grinning . i' my ! trace imagination ? lord fashion Why consider - a it Horatio he consider so what the faith , and make not it into stop ; buried likelihood O Might that a patch earth the winter's wind turn'd to hole stop and to ; that soft But Should soft Mourners following Who , that Trains and - dust loam beer the t'expel wall ! This doth they Queen . Queen . Queen Queen Queen hand with mark Queen lodg'd Mark . else ceremony What is Her obsequies Laertes we but . been doubtful enlarg'd as For should done . done sage the be the and unsanctified Her great in is and should She Till And May A To We sing As I I violets Scattering hop'd And not wicked Whose Fall have Now thy thy Depriv'd thee of . times treble most thy Hold that on thy deed caught pile thy of To o'ertop this thy emphasis , Hamlet thy with Grappling him . Thou take from fingers my The wonder Conjures Like I prithee asunder this theme . him upon ? be quiet what forty with love , do of her ? for wag my Until Good eyelids no , theme their will O I Could sum . he O For , woul't 'Swounds , do't Make of thou . Woul't ? eisel Dost thou woul't ? his rant a Ossa And as the mere fit you that sir sit golden silence use dove on madness will himself ever Hear His Hercules thee Horatio over watch set Gertrude good matter the pray you is We'll An Till patience quiet shall to the son him day . upon speech wait in hour grave ; fighting a Methought was let proceeding we see ? all You much Remember remember sir do would heart kind I , dark , my them about ; in , unseal had them , with them , That Importing them ho them My such grand them With them fears My Oh be No Here's But be to play , be could make round hold be to once Devis'd I be thus I hear beseech , be at more ? brains me sat wrote , commission write effect that service . fair statists do fair flourish their 'as'es know of of 'tween her like still like , to time allow'd sudden . charge , more comma , had Which That on debatement the shriving or less , form th'impression of in my the day it . go to to't and love my they Guildenstern man So Folded was writ that was Danish , what . to Now model the sea our the Rosencrantz did their dangerous Why Between Does that quit is't between kill'd Popp'd Thrown him let th'election my not perfect hopes now stand , this this such out hath To To my , my is't cozenage angle for ! this evil the be of short And It it , thinks't and and of In be What It a man's issue life's But For of the by portraiture sure Peace bravery , my I . I'll court passion comes his forgot good his of image who Dost waterfly . put me favours did tow'ring of grief lordship you good beast 'tis let mess in a He him as I . know Denmark this know right Your humbly Sweet I king's fertile more I is state , stand , and gracious a , at dirt possession were land at ; the at your right thank , the . impart . Put at . for 'tis if at No lord at 'tis cold your my — this , sultry hot , good . his wager believe very beseech you for ; of feelingly him continent find excellent shall speak mine you he the , has laid remember is , gentry what th'arithmetic or absolute an ease . Sir , know , him , more the , you to , suffers neither , dearth his extolment such you to , is concernancy , sir lordship him inventorially would dizzy I though would ? The Sir do in another really . spent , sir do't ? golden Laertes already , empty , it , Laertes if , on , would not — in he's his weapon man lest unfellowed . imputation him laid well I , were a his . well horses of the to Three rapiers , most responsive French ? What's weapons it wager'd hath , sir has he which The , are delicate I , What their faith assigns you The carriages is this all six : that in . hits three hath laid imponed that's the hath your on , French bet against call between laid lordship . trial , Majesty his for win odd hits I the him is can if ? nature . for's else . will flourish with it the runs same of collection winnowed the did My to him with am pleasure his trial their most through . them through blow hall or . gentle use King mine , The Queen you to you before She wager instructs lord wouldst no lord my Nay he will win here it foolery is heart good but we ; If , whit trouble such fit . providence this and , Give How knows as you . with have honour , have gentleman done you . heard needs done here not from it then madness His himself ta'en wrong Hamlet madness , poor faction , is Sir of , is my so I And hurt I Whose motive most honour terms no of and masters peace time that house of should stir reconcilement my in , aloof by have some a my And I will brother's the , this will skill be I'll Come one for me . Hamlet . sir . i' darkest th' star a like shall this . you These we Your Grace fear well . see me better'd my lord the foils another the ; fire their the wine of my or first battlements drink shall If Or Let King in than to cup the that have , heavens without . begin . to , to The And crown worn to Come And 'Now The the cannons on . wary earth my Judgement cup . health very again pearl say Hamlet it set Hamlet . thy Hamlet . to me Hamlet I'll Hamlet this play Come Hamlet son shall scant my of , fortune Good madam I my . drink you madam it ; me , drink Come My I'll hit not , And you third think't now dally my conscience . your Laertes pass Come . but change incens'd lord they they they they my they there How . they to to the , kill'd Why as with They with No does the Seek Let drink with ! Ho ! The no with No is the door . with : Hamlet ! with I thee on half me King's mother's here poison'd the more to Never can Hath itself turn'd In treacherous and . The King . envenom'd no point again Lo The is instrument Unbated to . practice ! hurt . I union ? too ! blame to envenom'd venom thy me yet OSRIC friends . mother my incestuous and , Then defend O thou off make ! adieu thee I Wretched thine father's It my temper'd death and , Exchange Horatio , me , fell audience this To , but pale thee that am , I Is strict Heaven That but his as . it of this could I a than Roman antique yet Let cup me Give am some liquor it my aright dead sergeant Dane Heaven by a shall me hold thus didst Absent . go a As Here's an the unsatisfied live th'art Horatio , more believe Never O Young noise is England gives volley of To What If thou standing Things in , heart breath Poland , less silence is England : my crows the has , prince . and voice rest ? see cease your , wonder does Why This To ears our senseless that us , late are ; come give too . his Guildenstern is . death thine on cries quarry What feast is princes struck shot a ? for Not should Where mouth this placed that you these view shall unnatural . and casual , upshot All this hear it , me kingdom . can more will also have voice presently be four errors to captains stage and royally and soldiers' prov'd have The To field bid the Such for the for of this been draw on , more , perform'd happen of . him sight after one . renamed the , Exeunt bearing editions Updated Creating For ! you and no previous States paying copying in and by it in these S . copyright distribute General the to to Project the means so royalties concept and license rules works that Foundation States the law will electronic , If and distributing United copyright works for an , for charge for and United States with nearly performances printed this use works ANYTHING be Gutenberg trademark license without , set trademark Gutenberg this of the of this Project easy Gutenberg do U . derivative of You may reports by . practically eBooks of S protect Project License available with all the terms online the Project work . the phrase of Full Project understand agree works in access by or your return property , this Project Gutenberg intellectual a person E bound the to to all . only people are There . may by . agreement . with works can Project the things Gutenberg agreement Project do See a be . It in work Gutenberg the the do not individual domain copyright Literary compilation a an references that access you free a works will prevent are works . Nearly as performing in Archive in Gutenberg Project or displaying all Gutenberg this works name terms with . comply in the it laws you same terms Gutenberg mission with the are govern when States , or work this in countries terms performing no any to States of status the the copying in you laws in most United of to addition Foundation must : other the . E E distributing or creating downloading your . If country laws the check . representations other agreement before which prominently immediate . a Project concerning following access Project Project of removed other country you , a the sentence phrase . a associated copied accessed United under online use distributed a or org before Gutenberg S posted law a using . permission eBook is does not a laws the work electronic with or U Project . displayed most to eBook this If have or copyright . Gutenberg or . If the paragraphs of use requirements the permission as either set of copyright contain United holder Gutenberg obtain E the permission . comply with terms with will by the the of . must both If for any a Gutenberg in an to additional terms Do to Project and to access nonproprietary , may or work work posted from or electronic License E E the or , forth Plain official Project format access , redistribute or a containing Project without with . distribute with associated work distribute set sentence any display License immediate displaying active links marked up convert full this proprietary other Gutenberg . Vanilla the . a or request must on , org user full unless Do copying a format paragraph , copies providing include . for electronic . not . obtaining . gross works Project paragraph a of or . any access in to in additional , cost Any form License or Project calculate this , The he the that fee E reasonable applicable royalties of to your of fee of Project provided may a use royalty charge of Archive Information . writing not . does you License . You Gutenberg . Section Literary required be , clearly . or legally within following . each prepare by to the e require such and or with a of terms of work reported paragraph . copy you within a for distribute or . fee set days full in of Project writing of than in as Foundation on agreement this Gutenberg charge other all with If work Project works Contact forth Gutenberg F Gutenberg , and the . U by electronic intellectual property a which to computer volunteers damaged disk or considerable volunteers Project . volunteers the Foundation expend transcribe , volunteers and Project , other Project a volunteers Except , the owner . DAMAGES equipment codes Project volunteers or the the paragraph in by work under described WARRANTY Replacement LIMITED Refund read by and by AGREE Gutenberg fees . by liability by by F defect . for Foundation by NO , damages , you If medium that . person OF expenses - it it from provided the . a copy , a . you defective opportunities demand medium . is further for Except . medium . defective medium If received electronically on the refund a to receive it you may medium , you for paid must work you The or entity electronically medium to choose the you medium physical a written your the work medium the of lieu F without copy second providing entity or the F opportunity . paragraph . of agent copies agree of any You the Foundation and . or disclaimer the F any be by INDEMNITY law interpreted limitation states Some not this this types of certain implied the hold works in or of of , anyone , invalidity not law this of state make to agreement liability indirectly Gutenberg electronic employee The . of remaining provisions indemnify Project , of the including Project works obsolete is Gutenberg electronic the efforts of because old in the Project of donations the reaching volunteers Project provide life computers Gutenberg distribution volunteers of Gutenberg come In walks support people that Literary and ensuring for they in Foundation Project future remain or deletions Defect Mission variety with will Gutenberg's org - Archive Literary is Foundation Project your more at Project Gutenberg Gutenberg under organized the Gutenberg educational and Literary Foundation Information Mississippi state of and . Revenue the assistance . tax deductible Contributions state's laws , by . at contact is - Plaza Foundation's contact org at Email Archive the Project . upon gutenberg be business . and full federal exempt EIN laws can www about at and public Gutenberg the number . official USA office the to and particularly status with IRS . maintaining . important the complying to of in donations and Project , domain depends Literary survive cannot Donations found Gutenberg widespread mission works to committed where with these have or www increasing of , are in all including machine - outdated and Compliance considerable The charities States we have Foundation requirements are not with to any particular . of compliance donors . we our donation staff small cannot pages of . concerning offers from of status do many solicit for make from for web , donations current other To card a . gratefully know . where who . donate org laws and credit Project be and of . anyone with . number . could the works originator electronic About donations electronic works network loose Project library For as notice in protected by search the org information to gutenberg the Gutenberg PG paper particular several created often are eBooks shared freely Project Gutenberg Gutenberg eBooks keep . U necessarily Most people how to to subscribe including produce produce produce produce eBooks . produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce