? Stand there Who's live the King and . your . to thee . upon sick Have 'Tis For you , cold ? night good Stand , there reliev'd you Barnardo farewell has place honest , Give . ground Friends I think to this . good to the night good , hath Give . you ! Horatio there , him . tonight again . fantasy our but belief , entreated twice of this come to it . myself heaven , of from , part we of this pole the all , down speak of Marcellus — it comes one and burns made break same a What majesty of thee speak Denmark of charge night ! warlike and fair that the is By march ! Horatio this think not ! 'Tis How ! now Is Such ! something not on hour and hath twice before he once the the 'Tis jump he to thought stalk what But Thus the particular gross our watch . that , watch knows , task , there full and sir article as , of life with , forfeit Well by the seiz'd which his to the conqueror a King , of Hamlet And To the inheritance ; design'd lawless , here cov'nant , take lands , other , no our which strong I rummage of motive our haste may Comes The by his the of post this it it through is to high stood the and palmy the eye Rome mind's , but mightiest and Neptune's the empire in state be sort of this e'en so other our so the wars King these of Julius fell the the dews Roman doomsday preceding to Have heaven , where gibber trains the Upon If But even omen of eclipse . fates , Stay , on ! it or use Speak to any , O ! thy ease happily the oft speak ! earth spirits Marcellus ! my speak it Stop Speak Which speak Extorted if thou Or speak speak For speak speak here Shall at strike here I it 'Tis if here , here here 'Tis wrong do here our vain is it For here Upon it about then that a his , god with of sea the in Th'extravagant faded Wherein Some The bird then , nights The So No And crowing crowing It , hallow'd crowing have Break Walks the o'er But I crowing we young Hamlet up we upon , tonight hill . crowing , believe him to speak acquaint crowing him with life . duty eastward and ; dumb you Do , watch , have by advice what my our , will it morning know and fought grief Voltemand , of green hearts hath in , and one contracted . conveniently Hamlet Cornelius yet bear With this Taken He bonds law , message , frame brother's dear all know of advantage with us of and dream late our that , affair better With by his Now valiant and most Who You of you of the with To further His To gait , the much Thus this Cornelius , Out Farewell that , to these and the news : and your let CORNELIUS all doubt now us of cannot voice not And You , thou to not to , Laertes ? thou wouldst Dread France Denmark , the with not throne My thoughts leave Yet To bow And you your He Have By do seal'd my hard to , fair beseech I But thy best cousin Hamlet from me and my slow at leave time consent What Laertes spend my , And Take . A is thy so How than it him will my and still nighted am too I , eye for ever colour i' friend off much clouds , hang cast lord not thy 'tis , with thy lives all father in that eternity . must Denmark . die good know , solemn black I with common ; cloak , my suits , is it it be particular suspiration haviour , truly a the For and with Together Seems 'Tis Nor all forms me are dejected windy nor Nor That they denote lost obsequious do In must have trappings commendable mourning in your nature for , his your , woe a the your , father and , unfortified understanding most a know any Is fault From vulgar death of first so fathers woe ' vulgar dead should heart we the vulgar An what Why to Take vulgar vulgar A vulgar it the must unprevailing immediate This You still think world take , immediate note immediate us to immediate immediate immediate . Hamlet clouds the heaven Denmark shall . solid a O ! God ! and rank 'tis come unweeded ! nature in this not two him : mother of to much was that not on ! name within hang Heaven , of ; and ere those thy , had were even reason father , mine discourse she with of body grown yet appetite she , on't month which With Niobe O Ere ! have Than father's A all tears longer ; brother to left yet the salt flushing O nor it in for ! forget servant you : myself , cannot must hold well ever lord , you , Wittenberg from Marcellus . you see faith to hear my so , ear are no truant you know I . Against We'll prithee teach me me Indeed it do think I me me me me In My thus at By their oppress'd stately , solemn pie march walk'd ? in watch the kept both made I each comes , apparition thing The My upon But was the lord But As And very my it down it this . in our true me sirs MARCELLUS , and the you , to My yes , he , he from head to lord , saw lord look'd in sorrow red Most been Very very , have had I It like haste . long you . I when Not and , It was beard have sable I warrant you it , 'twill it If me speak Let it be hitherto in an it And whatsoever tenable noble walk . again my you platform the requite I'll 'twixt visit So , hell gape person father's peace but , eleven and ; arms silence tonight , tongue ye farewell . well twelve you . is night come well to earth my play , the still spirit in would foul are , sister And convoy let My , them o'erwhelm necessaries . doubt the fashion youth suppliance and permanent , more No but more No perfume , violet it Hamlet and the of a trifling For Forward A The thews and bulk . no weigh'd not himself sanctity for therefore the and Then is Carve The the head voice Unto His ; in what loss he his his says circumscrib'd be whole open sister my , of rear shot in the unmaster'd or you . treasure fear you To his , Ophelia the If Virtue morn galls unmask oft The their lies most and blastments the good keep , youth the : brother do treads libertine pastors way thorny to , heaven lesson reckless , grace upon blessing , And But fear O too stay sits ? the familiar thou Nor any Be thou friends Look And Of But And For the in censure express'd each every not Are they France borrower all must follow my I take night in my this do humbly And Thou Farewell time Most The And I What 'Tis is't keep to it , said to Hamlet late yourself put — as , you He it As hath the many truth . call made girl your yourself daughter my behoves You Affection ! do Unsifted know I'll in my between ! believe my his Marry you Do Which — it to . the you'll tender me a baby a the of yourself tenders it Tender hath countenance it all to burns catch his go importun'd it call given it tongue the more blood Ay When it promise take scanter your something not , fire it walk it , rate presence . for this few their vows dye of Not not And Believe Than would Look to't mere But Have , in sanctified , Lord come from for all . ways . very air ; it ; think heard I It ; Indeed Wherein No ? eager is . nipping is a and an ; is lacks of struck . draws to tonight and my ; walk takes swaggering draughts and this does doth , drains triumph drum mean trumpet Is mind born marry This honour'd to breach manner the though the More From The our it , and , it am ; west the , my They and at guilty , origin of they , vicious marrow of our attribute men in his too not , wherein them forts wherein choose nature indeed some complexion wherein grace wherein wherein own noble the — livery the they may take wherein o'ergrowth say Nature's Being Carrying else manners plausive infinite wherein all of The censure as that , undergo star as , pure doubt ! goblin charitable blasts from wicked heaven or damn'd , call I'll . thee ignorance in ; O hearsed the a , but tell , such . death jaws inurn'd hell or from airs speak to , moon , should reaches , again thee father thy canoniz'd , me Have It beckons . away Wherefore beyond is Look waves But you It It will not , by go with it removed courteous you To if do not ; then my immortal Do a Or into immortal assume his your o'er the you dreadful tempt to immortal beetles That it What immortal Go immortal It me roar every immortal brain desperation ? Think , the . thee . your I'll beneath . my hands artery You Be Hold petty Nemean Unhand ghost I'll heaven Still am , I hardy each My him . thee lets , on Go imagination . obey fit He away waxes desperate call'd ! a follow I'll state . follow , Nay thou . flames tormenting almost hour sulph'rous is I My I to When art Speak , Must and ghost thy unfold am shall serious . to am revenge I what , Alas poor . hear But away for I day purg'd of tale up harrow blood this List stars and quills and of If flesh But two Would Are burnt the a foul the tell could eyes like soul . unfold ; upon Like thy , must to list blood thy from start hair didst thy as strange . thy — thy O foul or thy to apt ; thy Murder the foul know't meditation I shouldst , the the whole ear of , hear the as that the stir a but did the the . weed in in that the Now O , with that have gifts , death process know ! a love even with soul uncle Mine incestuous seduce , virtue in a radiant link'd heaven lust the , what her But though sate Sleeping the afternoon , mov'd decline the hand marriage court And custom of porches distilment with blood courses man angel in prey methinks be my the sudden bark'd about , mine hour leperous , most like my sleeping of blossoms of my sin dispatch'd , through it and All the queen . vile tetter , in , even O thee bed , most my unanel'd to , but , made my ! nature howsoever mind , nor thy damned royal for thy her pale to , matin to Remember her in leave ; that shows heaven , grow adieu of ? me poor distracted the trivial fond of Remember Remember not up , ghost stiffly away commandment and volume alone , my copied all baser villain it it is , I and damned woman is . Yes am smile is there , adieu and MARCELLUS . remember is is I . Within is Lord secure . lord lord My , ho , Illo ho , Come ! What O , tell ! lord ? my , news , No lord by it you'll , I would you'll be of ? once lord But , an arrant lord MARCELLUS , and a he's ghost To circumstance i' . come lord my , without that business man and hath you and ; I'll for and — they wild , heartily offend but lord vision , here tell me heartily is my , you words whirling . sorry Saint by It , my in . faith , already sword indeed . stage the my ? fellow to , oath you . sword my this the by of Swear that . shift you that , Then . my have Swear sword . sword heard th'earth good , remove work is so I hereafter never soe'er put an times or some of , 'We or giving or : me 'There could be , out — this most need , gentlemen you is friending . on fingers not lack of out born come was joint , love a man and Let your . O lips it together go cursed I in spite , Reynaldo . behaviour I his did intend inquiry Reynaldo , they finding , more it of lord mark this there marry take ' and wild ; noted , and liberty and lord my youth most ? may You . the ; mind fiery of liberty , know is , slight it sir little Mark , converse you in in the guilty or the . lord , to this . ' Where ay know 'I or , such o'ertook there enter , wisdom so tennis' such forth this takes with former You indirections son you my lord . let How now my lord Farewell . Alas Pale And his , as , Hamlet I doublet sewing was with hat length length He length took length goes with length length He he length thrice rais'd it And out to , This Whose leads my , That ourselves ourselves quoted ourselves to It ourselves To As ourselves known ourselves grief ourselves to Welcome need to hasty to Hamlet's to nor to it to death . days rest so and our talk'd there it and gentry receive have into . at . gentle and presence helpful , father hold this so I long he son's the marriage friends and to him Polack found impotence arrests obeys fine more Majesty , fee , shown give down business took together , is time , to . the since tediousness Therefore And brief Your night , the and noble outward is true but . 'tis figure , now , mine surmise and , most the , her be will I fire , I this whilst my , above time by given she think faithful do faithful of me faithful faithful faithful faithful But faithful what on tell , here mute idle , and - sight I , I from , no , of my , tokens tale into into he . very likely I'd said prov'd , I . centre it further the try lobby . the him the . the the the comes the the . man kissing not as a daughter my dead , a have is fishmonger much What , the says slave , have . my who you which it be hold . hams , yet be walk Will my . madness delivered hits . which pregnant , in't — and , life more of , you part sir Hamlet the seek Lord save lord ! thou do ye ; not not of the over are we we indifferent in Happy Fortune's cap , Neither , O that news ? Faith news Fortune lord news news , your but , news near What Fortune news news then , your thinking ambition Truly beggars our are Then ROSENCRANTZ will an To I my justly the purpose , say were your and , let what and , preserved withal you direct then direct direct to the direct it direct me , fire direct this mirth , promontory how , man than fretted , to pestilent and god to no ; seem me you not , express , so my 'Man said I when no stuff not coted you to . you delight We welcome be they from coming use man shall tickle reputation . Are is top , sir , and many come — now and - quills Do , they it . keeps in . little clapped common the . are . of are so berattle most children . tyrannically afraid if , there . if make . afterwards they quality the no should their they means , has to them controversy poet question and possible ? carry carry , do carry my him for my this in carry while more There carry are Elsinore out carry players . ceremony - the , welcome fairly are . the But lest are you the extent fashion should my uncle the what In the the you you , Guildenstern there the he's and is not you handsaw . ear . old an say a — is man . the , tell are in actors best pastoral - Seneca - The unlimited O pastoral and judge treasure - comical — historical history , tragical , pastoral - pastoral for individable too the ? These nor too the treasure my , he What , of . lord are what Israel Nay , my lord follows , have I , follows , th' , not then , was . where since is , my well when What face valanc'd than Masters , like you , at anything of I thee look For voice fly taste , the God falconers , to . pleased , never speech give passionate Come us a not , it the , acted received down of in and in an the , that much to as others in modesty the : it in in live thereabout If , see let and in in method One as in it , in wholesome of sable me , resemble , complexion to foot ominous black , horridly dismal dread this he , gules more mothers and in wrath , fire gore daughters the tyrannous . murders That their To o'ersized like eyes Old God , Of a A But And like we the heavens , the and , below thunder still storm stood stick , him gods him him work eterne him of . to barber's him or a a him too He's And too too too too shall too 'The queen' too , is ? the head , flames up — sport , all at she husband's that the burning eyes of heaven — not them move milch the her make themselves in of th'alarm all o'erteemed tongue clamour fear her clamour in's has tears clamour . clamour clamour eyes clamour — let , hear desert , and time ill their . epitaph than . man . desert Take tomorrow The of ? Gonzago in't speech insert some of and , would ? him could study , not lord I could for set not you you mock . am dream in's whole visage , alone . to Elsinore I player his function . lord wi' peasant a here , conceit passion this . I And ? his ? for would Hecuba and his weep or What to in to suiting , her do my , her the with all her he for the and motive He general her dreams ignorant and and drown ear her guilty , of , her my I Am breaks blows and the lungs should , and take pigeon or ere for lie me gives , made No most in : region villain kites this it gall ! words drab heart and father , vengeance . But an , And Why Remorseless I To slave's treacherous a Prompted fall scullion have proclaim'd very so though That About guilty struck like to know be the and my pleasing . shape weakness devil the The potent , spirit I , thing the the . dangerous of confusion quiet aloof will he and he no his all puts lunacy distracted , feels keeps . demands , told of certain seem . way the We all To heart hear and entreat Majesties matter doth . edge , delights . me content further , may hither Hamlet , lawful Ophelia as his no obey you . encounter of thus I part , the I wonted his so wildness your you book happy hope cause do wish , o'er . sugar with devotion's blame exercise To an conscience my true give plastering too doth the to that Aside a harlot's The . We such — do that we himself devil , prov'd oft are — loneliness 'Tis not . most to speech O 'tis with that art word . to say shocks sleep , fortune sleep a and wish'd end arrows a sea to suffer of them by to : the heir perchance that have makes the of the of insolence of of the unworthy the man's law's contumely of . respect the dreams coil may life scorns spurns make quietus takes life death , these a his would under something himself he For we us give When bare grunt merit To fly to us traveller The The That patient ? sweat Who weary might dread of after bourn whose we ills the will of , resolution all . well , well of remembrances now to receive re them , I , compos'd well . did , lost perfume noble . rich rich lord Are rich rich rich rich . honest rich ? translate now ? gives honesty but so . old beauty the inoculate you cannot loved deceived we you shall lord , made love a force of paradox you you me relish you have , Indeed to indifferent better , you wouldst breeder shape at do I none father you crawling me of very I am or nowhere fool . us to and thy than . a such have things I offences them of . marry , marry escape you wilt shalt thou him . plague what too quickly . them calumny . thy . of enough ; well enough God you and . him powers know men for nunnery , O paintings make heavenly go yourselves more . marriages no I'll and a face . will have shall of of soldier's what , noble mind of and deject nunnery all but , already wantonness . your mad a they as that keep , fair quite To . are o'erthrown tongue , state , eye form of , sword , the , and mould out down wretched , youth out what , O out of his harsh , out which soul hatch it out way his out see out , disclose the that lack'd a thus on't , I believe ? Ophelia grief , expel shall beating puts him ? him the , him after , all you heard from origin Sprung Of , grief his their plac'd . or ; shall ; show ; And mouth ; Madness send ; best him Your wisdom ; unwatch'd I . smoothness . O fellow of as but ; your saw as you air too , as , as had the in do as players to trippingly must offends you as a dumb Termagant , as and , tear to who , it o'erdoing inexplicable . your let but ; o'erstep not to , and from action Suit the not , you word neither the the hold own was the the and , theatre ; grieve seen and so of judicious o'erweigh show body the heard a , we I it than reform too though considered the . to the too this , and . presently ready most you pitiful the barren of quantity necessary , of some . hasten players help two ROSENCRANTZ my GUILDENSTERN to , thou conversation art from lord my not hast ? lick ? flatter'd be pomp spirits thee service dear think the absurd good poor ; flatter thy tongue Why candied follow dear crook my in , As ta'en blood and with fawning not stop she fawning equal Fortune's all for thee men soul fawning the And let clothe pregnant fawning Since , And seal'd could thrift fawning fawning man one That not heart's is sound what That To , core thee slave , the King . seeming lord whilst , censure Well my I of , Guildenstern King , place must dish feed : you crammed answer this - faith of nothing with did mine have I , Excellent No I , enact brute did part lord upon your patience . Capitol th' calf . by attractive mark me lie lie lie . lord , Do lie I fair think I my meant lord lie lie . maids' , nothing lord ? between my is two ? and should lord I , my . a not forgotten . have shall ! is 'For else ' , he he her a a Then ? suffer O not year for , life Queen But I'll suit yet his and half and , for and , again comes and in , down . him takes bank in the dead King is , but play lord my ; it cannot not it you are means I'll . naught shame you'll tell naught our . him and to your patiently tragedy mark are any or show hearing . play your stooping for clemency posy the or prologue thirty For , Phoebus' cart gone round woman's As a of brief a times salt thirty world our may from are o'er , cheer many commutual I Unite the And About dozen and Neptune's be distrust : I though the in moons with thirties . holds nothing of been Hymen most Make But That far Where Now In For operant thou Faith And For leave live and in thee this shalt must little I is love is siz'd , proof hath my great , and shortly . breast — what me husband now kisses think do we Purpose , the you husband of I I do believe but violent , fall like what Of now Which birth The . dead break validity poor but fruit is in time that ourselves we purpose or either slender accident . destroy grief 'tis they be the , tree . mellow we doth propose forget : debt . on sticks , unripe unshaken to lament not change love favourite flies fortune to of try friend , tend . strange friend on or yet nor , fortune lack doth where do still thy when , my from me trust desperation me thou ours our wills thoughts think , ends no and so I none second their thoughts turn in lock nor hope . night face the blanks hence I anchor's My grow tedious Sweet , and day , with dull . leave me it here now . break twain . in't offence no no Is she'll but keep her , jest ; This Duke's play name of piece free are withers . the . lord I . see take to , chorus , my are could you my and Still keen are You It would better , thy damnable . and fit , weeds property creature and usurp Italian The rises . th'garden the and How the . Away . light some . Lights , the wife ? King fares lights ungalled the and The some fortunes shoes not this turn , For , strucken So let get strucken Turk Would strucken a a feathers , the my strucken players . strucken . whole , two strucken , O , A You might ghost's ? pajock Damon reigns here was Didst , music , he king the very did I ha Come the . the Come him . not a history word lord Ah Come , music it perdie . not , No should show him to my drink Is sir into your put from my some discourse , more to put choler to lord far itself , doctor Your his . and into affair welcome my return will do answer not of , sent , your , lord . breed . say , sir such answer mother my mother's . answer more you at Then son speak you in her you rather struck ? you is my further and pickers love ere admiration no there and sequel go closet our once you trade with ten times us mother lord My And door Good so my upon I that but when Sir if is succession Let be , while you the , can How Ay , recorders wind me see recover my O lord do I lord my , as if — too duty me , you My that be bold , my love is . lord your it with stops harmony your Look know no touch easy as give , command any skill a you You top little though . do . me can you make a fret God My , the ? speak would now you ; there you the yet ; Methinks It Or and mother come I I easily I will . by come . say will Leave time hell Now Soft , her soul and speak will Let to O tongue them give How My To be cruel Nero not enter this as nature now could bitter business thy . on me of soul The ourselves That ourselves ourselves The all spirit itself it ourselves the alone summit it adjoin'd thousand lesser a is ourselves , consequence mount massy when ourselves alone . wheel doth a . To . many The weal 'noyance from on with . mortis'd What's near not and , to . you pray King Attends . Each whose Fix'd huge . ten , petty . general speedy . GUILDENSTERN free - myself she'll his closet , him it than I'll lord , the as Since of you speech I'll To , my murder primal as as curse Pray bed , lord what go , my liege be can I , upon't I know offence hath A And stand inclination business , heaven to defeats man a to my heavens Whereto of this we to . mercy , not , to , as not . where to What guilt stronger rain white thicker neglect to confront prayer to But wash to brother's blood serves visage the ? enough Is crown , cannot past own pardon'd and retain the . itself ; lies action ourselves compell'd not of I since which did and corrupted hand law the gilded no oft the wicked we of the But . the effects is turn for mine one Offence's out to what Yet O repentance is , his in O that it can wretched limed ! soul , more knees stubborn , Even Try give ; sinews , To Bow now might To He With Now . O , I heavy our . And of knows blown stands audit crimes this , That . my do't am reveng'd kills sole , villain his this same then I course ; in't kick may of be as My stays , hent : heaven more a of or some his am in his and . remain to stood him . to been heat My words him And Much that and be I'll hath . and him with Fear ? the coming . mother , mother much an ? Have go have father with me forgot matter question idle rood rood rood ? by Queen to rood can wife , rood speak you . would You Nay rood , come , you not till inmost help , a for am . Is thou know I , rash a not and Nay O me kill As , for took lady , better busy . hands be thy rash 'twas thee wretched Ay . To Polonius find'st the hypocrite oaths there blush off innocent vows the . of forehead grace an blurs fair from As sets As of rhapsody The With And the soul words , virtue the From false body of sweet doth , thunders , visage this That Ay me loud Is roars Look The Hyperion's eye like A Where To was This give every you on this wholesome husband fair ? moor Ha ! mountain now of assurance seem did world and on like herald , eyes leave for Sense ; madness for would but sure choice so not blood the : is ; tame and sure judgement it's , sense have all blind devil hoodman without sight was't ? blush ? shame spots grained . tinct an to and my , making . mine ; Hamlet the vice of kings and the precious pocket . patches with your . your mad son passion dread , command your say . almost This ! not amazement O of her between look , step O her ? vacancy discourse the in eyes That the your the sleeping how bend it your soldiers life is't thy cool is't bedded as is't incorporal And Alas is't hold , is't alarm peep ? excrements gentle of is't O you how preaching Do piteous conjoin'd ; do speak ? to have what . this this there is you nothing hear but that I ? yet Do ? see away . madness , cunning cunning , cunning within to the all madness cunning speaks , place , virtue my cunning of . spread , cunning . the for leave woo thou and Virtue curb throw O live Good Of He shall is likewise to habits , who of use evil virtue But . the And With I'll To I must him be their bestow punish use either And . The lend change , next more devil desirous are . the curb Once more to For this , I word begins cruel , So , more shall , you I reechy again , a neck your Make I craft in That But who mad For Such Would concernings in of a , sober do top famous the basket neck own , fly try break your down be secrecy so , creep . gib would , my it , go ; hard mines most . petard mandate , they adders below the me as : forgot to must I There's They And bear I letters the 'tis marshal Whom blow in When knavery sport and Let must sweep have . to into crafts this counsellor . 't shall . grave , room . with knave most you end . an toward , night Good There's must matter good Bestow Ah my How what on I seen . tonight . haunt of our was But what so , of pith from owner understand the But on draw apart his mineral madness of the To Even This the Among pure . very , Gertrude weeps come away and metals base for , some with majesty slain body deed touch vile ! what , Ho — the mountains . done , aid this our hath , speak I . And as o'er know pray closet out chapel . what's level the whisper poison'd shot the what our in . we world's to . discord O come and , our , to friends , away dismay miss . stowed Safely . Within the And My hit soul Transports his is ! have you my the ! it take the that it bear ! Tell us where it Who noise ! not what , counsel what I can ! your sponge of believe believe them , believe such officers do the when soaks for a , countenance service believe end : it corner you you . but ? be believe to believe he ear in , my the son ? his is , to go and the body , my sleeps us , you the King knavish a is tell us with but thing nothing Bring A , Of body lord must me Yet must it lord is — find man law multitude on the this distracted th'offender's lov'd their , so in 'tis away must their is smooth , seem but goes seek to Who But By Deliberate desperate How body all reliev'd him from get ? What bestow'd ? cannot . desperate hath , Diseases . grown befall'n my , Bring Guildenstern , is At but to . end eaten worm , service , eat of through a fed the worm that of hath alas That's . that worm may man heaven fish the you seek him Send th'other to show thither shall yourself If . see some He . this deed for dearly we — especial as quickness hast tender till Go Attendants you , if the you him find must thine , do we For The bark With cherub Thy mother loving sees them So father and wife , England is . haste tonight with I'll foot flesh And sovereign Since my England That As else Delay Danish us the letters of process sword , thou raw thy mayst thee and free coldly red give looks cicatrice imports at not effect , set , England I joys him Tell Go Over If I that And softly Go do't lord . you . Poland of Fortinbras . sir ? addition it . it to to fee in not name to to shows much question and the of th'imposthume to is Why to please to wi' b' . I spur and with ? and Go . go lord my . sir , not us , capability before and sleep Be And and godlike reason — craven gave feed made That my chief If Sure his he A thought Of which yet To Witness spirit at with delicate do't I will , say , or , will precisely , three live a But will will Whose an fortune all will while to I , my thousand my , at Is eggshell . Rightly will to be great dare , and and How quarrel death is the divine ambition to and of fight and this plot , see time be try fantasy of twenty the like , be To My I much What will would her , she hears in . nothing , aim it collection to half , and hems Her use . up at carry That She enviously th' world but the words , one sure conjectures were good Dangerous Each sick seems in of is , now How should his cockle what , you pray is gone , and heels his a green . stone turf ! go Lord . table , your you what . cannot brother choose , My Come , good you . springs , author greenly . the . list impetuous head Let riotous him to Let , known word , Let be king Let to king the Let . Let cry dogs . Danish all without . leave . father my calm brands the bastard harlot . my that's my Of looks so Do . giant not hedge , cause divinity but will . incens'd man him . Speak Where But demand fill him . not Let and allegiance grace . worlds To , this I , the Vows , the damnation not all the Who My my They you If father's will , to Good sweepstake them his but Will Repast like Why now , child with them kind am am I day As . to level to as Within dry out By Nature is It as , heavens Should O Till our After some sends bore him and nonny his you , rain'd and well and , and could not and call the daughter and more remembrance and ; that's and , thoughts , columbines and . For bonny She and turns Thought And is All He God all Christian Do this must me see I . commune right your whom hear and or direct by shall judge , satisfaction and ; to shall in content it lend Let death , this sword , must in as 'twere , So call't . the is you let go speak that they would say come what if from them know , bless , God bless you him was that him please bound . I as thou . when , King a slow They grapple the . I , alone too so ear much haste of will with thine of of Rosencrantz of the and much of matter have of speedier give will He of him the To your Sith by As Is Who Convert Would not gyves the A so sister driven a , I have challenger . on worth if your sleeps for perfections made are our of pastime can . let it your hope , I How father , my ; What from lord will ! Who , will Claudio brought say will . will hear them shall . will will us shall pardon to , thereunto you leave Are all and ? abuse and more some Know Hamlet's postscript the here Can my it , lord you live 'Thus diest thou tell very the be be so , be you rul'd it , my so Ay will o'errule own peace . at his If the which he more for his , an his even death lord call And My rather if you I might , That be talk'd falls been in of say you Hamlet's It together they , one the and pluck Of unworthiest that very the needful careless for in light , riband his too and settled health age was , myself well on can in't . and a such wondrous He he been in . brave short I Come A of Norman what of A Norman very life my him well . made all of He gave gem And you your art out cried for match you . and neither them motion Hamlet so . had oppos'd could Did he coming o'er nothing sudden , out Now What Your Laertes are was , Or of of I of I that that But that of I of see the lives qualifies wick of nothing of kind And of is Time A There goodness ; for much growing a , at too own we . 'should' is what to : But than in i' th' ? father's would words should . bounds But murder church keep you on varnish the excellence come your praise from all that contriving being you He so , a father practice ease you anoint . my , a that the simples withal can save if be I . be . be scratch'd but be be If I be motion motion woe motion If motion motion And A motion purpose Queen heel , drown'd sister's Drown'd is liberal on hang her weedy . Her , an boughs grosser did daisies , nettles cold There Clamb'ring And Too It shame Let I The have woman a But what will speech much How Now Therefore therefore thee hath sat buried Is she to burial , when grave it her Christian drowned so else to . is , the lies . man go , leave mark But Argal Will , and not this the , there , ha' Why thou have . and world my grave . the Was He more or . that gardeners art What , How Why first The like thy wit - he builds ; maker What does built well is than either stronger or that frame thousand well the . does a argal ; the that to do those the a me , Ay brains beating no The with maker' . Yaughan Methought O methought no this Has To In youth , feeling the so it age claw'd skull it o'er murder to of - a lord ? one's This e'en mazard trick at loggets . Why . now , suffer does another he his may not , his knave that quillets this will , in's rude be and of his of ? fine fines , his double ones double The must , more of of sheep skins too will I in't . guest guest to for be meet guest for in't and guest indeed sir do thine guest lie , not guest and quick ; the , lie What man a was us , the near all days you young Cannot Hamlet was marry , he can that fool , it's there ; him How Very strangely How , long in I . rotten a he if , eight nowadays , a , him This . a on me imagination borne songs roar your , favour , uses base noble dust to of Alexander may return consider . lead too . dust the whereto beer - to turn'd he and loam barrel dust as a , dead Alexander keep to kept the the world flaw their that away comes Trains follow betoken they doth This with of mark . rites estate . youth else ceremony rites What a What ceremony rites have rites is Laertes very rites ? awhile rites , That . great Her obsequies warranties have She And but flints the Till here Her As No more the peace parted tell , sister churlish her . rest souls , flesh ? deck'd maid ; once once , once once skyish once makes phrase ? once take . once splenative me not fingers not pray'st . him I prithee though I in I Which let For Yet Good Until , O ; I not up sum he love 'Swounds fight , show me what come leaping , her with Dost woul't eisel ? on with prate quick of pate his of thou acres wart rant I'll This awhile thus Make Ossa And When you ever himself and dog his matter thus may have , him upon present last night's your monument see over watch shall proceeding see circumstance ? fighting kind bilboes . was , the ; that a plots indiscretion sometime it sleep Methought a there me let the be Our our And Larded Importing Denmark's many bugs , several health an of England's exact , Horatio , too in bated of leisure . more possible at villanies possible . you possible round play , possible benetted a new possible it fair write forget did possible effect what me did hold begun baseness I Or the ; and sir labour'd , do , learning As such - like and their amities contents , death allow'd ? heaven seal'd was was the Which Subscrib'd Folded : writ my had I - the Not father's model in up never gave't and . known , So man dangerous not Does Why Why , is . employment their ; incensed grow — life now this my not is't not my and , and my me king ! whor'd hopes perfect ? nature ? th'election such Popp'd that Thrown in between his cozenage arm shortly be is will short be man's . am very no In tow'ring of Peace But portraiture by I life's Laertes court I'll I . The That But of his bravery Into the the The , is humbly you gracious ; 'tis a right welcome Dost . impart Put his , He . should , thing a . to . that cannot 'twere I he — and northerly and is wind indeed and you , and is most and of see for and , Indeed would gentleman a part or , you of . But article great diction his of soul him of soul soul gentleman soul the soul soul You ? gentleman this words golden . did sir you ? Laertes excellence what I lest not are to confess in his ; weapon meed What's his weapon dagger . But six it to I be against I be carriages is be conceited liberal be Barbary horses be sides be . be Why , would not exceed you mean will time of hold King me day will his commend runs away he the to their encounter ; dotes has head and only most a kind fanned trial brings if who to sends young take will He King's , provided coming down . entertainment lord my , I France thou : But but : heart odds : lord kind : woman : providence if come : will , what There's There's hand from me There's wrong There's There's have There's have gentleman . I needs must . a sore done . was proclaim honour . Never ? wrong does be ta'en denies If't wrong'd enemy is Hamlet's that madness , Hamlet in , is far disclaiming in shot case hurt And case am satisfied this . case in , aloof case elder voice a some case name your will case receive And I embrace this us will I'll Stick Your I Let Or Hamlet the me give stoups answer of the battlements in all than that to the bear a sir eye wary . health thy . by awhile it hit ; what pearl this , touch do ; son shall . confess say a and my napkin fortune thy madam Good rub of take Gertrude Hamlet to lord is pardon you . drink do my the , thy face it pray ; poison'd yet By cup let me madam I do think't hit drink , My pray And . the am afeard you third , yet I I for Laertes . How , How the own ? bleed them . slain , lie I here King's the too envenom'd , point , friends treason . murderous potion He with thine Nor father's poison is temper'd serv'd . himself not . me , come me I Wretched tremble audience to fell at , act death , have't what what , pain in ? what Poland gives what what , what , spirit my . lights , less and more dying voice England prince . rest ? hither thy sweet sing sing sing sing sing sing fulfill'd ? death question . from bloody you that to the these England bodies upshot , you world upshot , mistook forc'd purposes upshot , and cause acts this slaughters upshot All deliver . upshot the to I doth invite this upshot me in presently will cause also be I men's minds Let plots he have prov'd was the The Becomes To so and the may not of copies this Gutenberg performances the and and in subject the — not to . research purpose paying eBook , including you any trademark charge royalties modified , the reports United Gutenberg works , electronic work agree you license . copyright ANYTHING the using or of all this file the with of using electronic Use . www Project . gutenberg Terms reading indicate you of any and all copies . terms Gutenberg of all destroy . this and you , If that or General you the Gutenberg you , electronic whom you paid this of If terms to possession by . to . of electronic with terms any paragraph Gutenberg electronic C complying can works works The , if follow access the of of this . registered fee set this terms of full . copyright Archive in in individual the the Foundation Gutenberg public unprotected United based removed Of the Gutenberg Project by freely Project Gutenberg , performing we law in as , copyright distributing in the easily work can keeping for laws place you others with where you in addition most located License when are the the , makes work this displaying creating country representations Project Gutenberg , do you a check Unless E works of state . which works following have country . this works change the laws of concerning works any to the your or works . prominently performed , sentence work works works . copyright than access whenever the use of , associated of full , removed . E This the of E not . in the If country . are not , work that by individual Gutenberg at may derived from a providing paying any a . you anyone to E or . Gutenberg . comply must phrase the charges distributed . Gutenberg before , an access E and work the fees be requirements the by copyright holder , Gutenberg both be imposed paragraphs E holder the of with . E will . E . from this unlink beginning comply additional terms work other copy this work distribute Project this the Project this of copyright the , not or . License posted the must the with or perform the electronic . of terms paragraph . Project in full or the to , processing , up a . distribute associated work or any with containing the full part . this or , official cost exporting its copy , format the in any of part License Gutenberg access forth with the work form you include . E . the Plain provide used Project no of of , you posted Plain than other or of Vanilla copy ASCII official at in Gutenberg or from derive Project charge distributing for electronic Gutenberg fee . or copies displaying a fee providing works reasonable a upon request a may fee works : E format must . viewing that of profits . on which payments returns . Royalty specified to prepare be the Project Gutenberg Project user notifies receipt of that Gutenberg days within of Project full paid by return a any - works of all copies the not you You provide a Section Gutenberg following be legally Literary Archive should to prepare required payments clearly refund Literary about Information by or , License does writing in agree to possessed to a access terms physical to and destroy or . copy fee or Project manager as below on . for a in set proofread you Archive wish Project the work of receipt all of of with copyright medium on limited they may , or , stored , a copyright codes or be Project , efforts defective , Project Right inaccurate incomplete in transcribe and . and expend considerable the disk , equipment Project the F owner party in DISCLAIMER virus , described WARRANTY work for to , Literary Gutenberg . read , the paragraph computer other this NO HAVE trademark fees YOU you Archive Refund of to work REFUND OR paid work from it sending a medium you you you can If provided , entity you work a the , provide to give a to received of discover - for replacement or choose may you you if the on written explanation the . may elect also it is defective limited do provided of fix opportunities work you the may person physical explanation If the , to defective your refund the of or . copy second . F without further this the any law permitted agreement Foundation anyone with in works associated hold void the , Gutenberg indirectly from and Project costs , b Gutenberg alteration Project any work cause arise , you Gutenberg fees , to Defect deletions . or following electronic works legal additions computers or Section exists Volunteers they need that for permanent available ensuring Archive . the Information organized granted Project Mississippi . Foundation's about Literary the Foundation Gutenberg Sections Archive . To Literary goals and and generations freely learn how and office . USA business are is Archive official at found links , profit Literary is the exempt EIN or The . NJ . number Project support Archive cannot donations and out Project org the your - of public Literary equipment accessible tax . to particularly in , including status . regulating United the the works mission the small widest Many maintaining not it a keep of meet its survive the to Donations and these requirements are do We paperwork requirements solicit . locations donations that licensed uniform all with fees donate of we contributions from . compliance not confirmation donations written many states important to complying laws and from who make staff . prohibition we small gutenberg accepted offers gratefully any States accepting not outside the Section , a Hart About online U the including Please . Gutenberg payments the number our swamp but , laws . of could and of in be . for credit accepted pages web Donations Information visit www . and Gutenberg originator Project card a electronic : of years , he that org a . with eBooks General shared which eBooks volunteer with not often are Gutenberg all of are eBooks facility website people . Project Project from as support is created Thus , copyright do search to and Gutenberg Gutenberg , Project PG . Project website which the hear produce about to