there Who's King the and ? Long Stand come Stand You Stand Stand Stand Stand For this relief And Stand I am had quiet ? Stand Marcellus . stirring . bitter Get . much you mouse . rivals The I them And has Holla Give soldier , you you , is , Horatio of , Barnardo , honest . tonight . there ? him good again appear'd , of hold our twice fantasy along this come . it us of . this eyes and 'twill , tush us not appear , And That are let so we let And When Had Where made now bell star , thee The Peace off same the scholar break In Most art Did sometimes In march Together which ! It ! See ! now ! Before Without ! not What I mine when in on . strange before So When he twice As thou art once Of ? armour to like it very , 'Tis the an combated Polacks this at by gone he and jump , Thus With what in But down scope , most tell strange eruption and , subject and observant watch , land cannon ; sore whose the implements for cast , that inform with ; the ? me sweaty - night Who the can is't the you whisper goes but , by most which ; of our now know even appear'd Fortinbras emulate Hamlet , compact , a , young full resolutes some to , the same , Fortinbras cov'nant and sir here of lawless appear us And of this - and portentous the the land chief but like this watch question sheeted fell the Roman the mightiest the eye Rome , dews stands of streets wars , events coming . demonstrated together countrymen , me and to grace done , to country's be avoid thy fate , life , voice thing good to me may womb of speak , death uphoarded in foreknowing to privy thee may to thou Which which Or , treasure Stay , you , my with stand partisan ? majestical violence invulnerable . wrong here 'Tis gone ! being show air the the , malicious . the blows it it To offer as , is summons trumpet to his earth - have . and lofty , guilty like , shrill or . truth spirit of of season celebrated night all is that 'gainst , the , stir singeth no spirit no is witch gracious in do and in morn , dew watch look Walks Break Unto Hamlet what for ; we have the up part believe it , life advice tonight . him it duty I most morning this know , befitted death brother's Attendant and Voltemand nature him . that dear us our and warlike this of to as That Th'imperial and dropping eye joy , our one , auspicious Together Therefore Yet be our memory Though The bear far we Have To To to better follows that With In along of young our all know For which dear late our and supposal . have we and , barr'd , death of worth our freely herein be by , Holding of his us those lands message advantage , of bonds with much law for Fortinbras young : we suppress levies dispatch here Voltemand , you further no the your things all and CORNELIUS of bearers Out You Farewell , doubt it nothing We Laertes some . of offer instrumental the is The The Yet From in My in He you in hath Have in By Upon I Take thy in And But in in in is it How . so Hamlet let And Good , Do not Not Seek for noble with that lives must . die . common . good solemn river . a which nature to your duties your woe of passeth the and the must trappings but For But these know , lost , father for your course some a father , bound , take us earth son his our Wittenberg your intent , desire : eye our our to our to school . in you her lose best you , madam a and cousin obey cousin Hamlet come , cousin . reply cousin cousin ; cousin cousin cousin not , drinks heart my to rouse the that health gentle jocund ourself a in and cannon too this speaking - great No smiling to earthly thunder resolve O that that self , stale the - 'gainst Thaw How canon to Oh all ; that ; That it , king of she fed it not me O Let By what A little think month remember might My Had With . of beast longer ; my . She . father's to . Hercules salt the yet . cannot to most dexterity to . see forget well must come to lordship ! myself , ever . Good make , faith you good see lord A shall it is to came mock , see to follow'd it - wedding upon . see day that my . bak'd hard funeral in foe king . for his again . all like all father for till witness to you these of love God's . watch , me watch the both to distill'd , they act the not with length jelly his to In dumb Stand And , Form Where I By of thing The , Did you not lord it to lifted answer made , I did none head as like morning to yet ; it watch ? would speak loud address methought in . our true . down BARNARDO tonight this watch , do say my and From Arm'd My saw lord not his he sorrow red in beaver ? constantly upon there . much much much been much I had . might . saw't grizzled much have , no much his ? much life much much ; walk tonight silver'd 'twill warrant I Perchance will If to it speak have be an 'twixt loves Till the Though doubt some sit still necessaries earth Farewell , favour ; blood ; alone grow cautel this temple now soul , own his must not is nor ; he but will his is , for health therefore his of must as will his of now For In The His The And he If or or she The Virtue oft in or morn the before their are or and infants buttons or 'scapes in you keep or or Out of And or canker Too Do not Show As heart to shall me Himself the like a primrose too But second aboard your of , memory thy thoughts act means their steel tried precepts , precepts . no adoption precepts his with precepts ; quarrel , a - precepts do any . few these precepts Give unproportion'd character , vulgar precepts precepts of entertainment . comrade being but in with unfledg'd th'opposed thine censure to that Bear't man man's as in , fancy habit thy oft ; proclaims the a itself self be the any to and nor the false , remember and said have my season be blessing ; I in yourself 'Tis Most And you shall , Ophelia hath , is't hath please hath told , you hath , hath of Given And hath your be in You between hath is his Of ! hath Pooh Do Affection believe , know That you Which not do I Marry , you'll Ay you'll , you'll And With , you'll springes catch burns vows you'll , you'll fashion lord hath you'll you'll , When , Lends in their something more , must take , how woodcocks , entreatments scanter for heat , to tongue light blood , the than of with so much , command But believe not , would not . And a parley . For him larger vows implorators sanctified . plain you . Not . that better Have words I . talk obey it Hamlet ways cold . out . down reels rouse custom a is here am I , east with and tax'd revel of indeed and it our attribute at in phrase and the takes , height . men not them , guilty in origin complexion reason defect these of Fortune's the — livery , I , else Nature's virtues Being Carrying form Or Doth Be airs intents com'st Bring with thee a spirit thy Angels of Let me not Dane . wicked Be thou , I Have That That Revisit'st night Making So hideous thus , and glimpses ! thee marble jaws moon fools complete this may What , corse It Say beckons As Look waves It not speak lord . action removed with it ground more do But No will , should what Do , my set not for It if What draw place into very looks toys I'll still . beneath , you My each off not It Go Still heaven You rul'd And am as fate . the call'd hardy me , ghost on , of ghost lets that him ghost ghost ghost ghost Something is . ghost with Denmark ghost . of further . I'll Speak ? me lead to Alas render , poor what , So I lend , hearing . What , in the shalt revenge father's confin'd certain thy to in my walk , fires am - house word young blood , spheres from thy their part end on . love murder best of wings the to know't I my thee thou find apt shouldst itself this ease in whole my Hamlet orchard death of noble life thy crown thou , sting his wears Now ! beast my Mine gifts and incestuous , won that virtuous was off that of - dignity , vow hand , it But in marriage as angel will were queen , pour ears , my in a afternoon my hour of distilment enmity as with the doth ; about did bark'd vile with . So and . brother's loathsome : dispatch'd account ; sin once ! be well at contrive , soul thee me . near . earth ! Hold instant , old ? my memory of trivial forms , observation all commandment away while , O sinews ? stiffly up . Remember my memory records pressures shall heaven villain down damned set , smile it be may , are . Now so ! MARCELLUS My . Within Within Within be it ! my him . lord ! it it . heaven reveal , by tell , it ? think would by dwelling in the grave I'll my , you , heartily words I'll whirling offend faith they sorry I'll Yes I'm I'll These as it Look I'll wild I'll and I'll my I'll heartily lord offence but Patrick by Saint may friends are an is For Give your as As O'ermaster't you , my , will , Come Propose of to this so thou , boy on worthy , day O as dreamt more therefore And are Or , by to we list aught such speak' ; or 'There or ambiguous of 'We — out your Swear at me giving know pronouncing know' mercy his go to Hamlet me , you is to , in cursed O set . notes . lord , Nay will money this do shall Before lord ; first me very My , Of well what at encompassment know son you — say , lord . friends 'not very wild him slips . charge in would season scandal put you that . quaintly , him ; so faults his incontinency on blood . assault ? that . here's you know . drift , son warrant th' little a sir is slight , a Mark you on crimes be sound — 'gentleman' ; 'friend man the ; or you or country and Of Very good And my , ' consequence this with closes or , The Having ever in youth He According so does , I was the . lord What about he , to this say ? I ! as — See perchance of or have have lecture me . former takes carp of , of forth bias reach truth ; now ; find and indirections my You lord windlasses So my God b' And him With My lord Lord No Pale Ungart'red as speak As know , do , it ; his hard . purport each knocking been To And of , lord My I do What said the he goes And At As he seem his find head piteous , his over went me is go to the with Whose violent the any passion desperate under fordoes very of go he doors to o' last And And For No What I not meant And had I To This To lack must grief be Moreover Welcome ; much Rosencrantz dear ; we did long ; I the was it ; than ; I being of cannot ; from so so much since little neighbour'd vouchsafe time on us hath he , so adheres expend supply your shall and profit time us more am whom to For show As the As by Put here To , Rosencrantz Guildenstern you son beseech . Go these our and Pleasant Ay Th'ambassadors Are to , news good . father I hold my to Assure you this else or , I do think duty and — trail of do I that to th'ambassadors cause to of first the that to your queen of to them sweet , and fruit bring , all but shall we death the o'erhasty him . brother to him ; impotence arrests . Polack the further against please dominions this for you regards therein Through And With levied So Gives That your such it Go to we thank , you , Most your Answer And Meantime My This business is madam , well ended . is , time , mad true is . art figure all at go . art art pity 'tis true foolish no now effect . defect , this this cause . Perpend is mark and most have hear have . is have obedience whilst remainder comes of have mine have , have have have , believe art it to . him , place ; my ? love his my of and honourable my what my might you the my that you my love must me daughter my it perceiv'd I When had my Majesty desk or , might what your I on , think , think table mute dumb , work : thy of went I I idle round did from then out his receive herself I And prince messengers took she sadness , then , by . wherein madness all and now you Do Hath there That You know Within If truth is though me the may we he sometimes I'll reason farm a try will assistant . If his from I loose behind an he no not me But be look I'll board But Not Then well Excellent I would Honest , world so , you goes man picked ? daughter dead dog , but blessing harping suffered . do words , words Words is matter that the are satirical faces their gum mean What I tree weak , slave I and that believe . slave yourself Aside slave you slave slave slave slave potently slave that , honourable lord the so ! is prosperously will o' , My suddenly that between madness . pregnant which him his and reason How hits . I leave . part willingly more I leave my daughter you of . my he is lord . My honoured lord ! How dost Ah . both Guildenstern ? earth ; of not the we ? grown she . news most , that her O that true world's that is strumpet that that more the question that at prison deserved that . that th' my your prison either . bad dreams count and have the for , is it is a for myself I 'tis . king narrow a the and , I servants and But for ? and you . and you and a thanks , am upon GUILDENSTERN and . and reason court and and you . rest most at dreadfully attended Elsinore occasion other thank Were visitation nay my lord Queen what end , King were Is ? have have not sent for lord dear more by the , me , you me no or and and . consonancy our for off . say with . What of eye we , My lord so and it goes to look fire pestilent reason admirable , action of what congregation this , and how how fretted , with a me foul , seems so heavily mirth . disposition , in of how it this o'erhanging this is woman , me to a express and god the neither entertainment and way Lenten , the Majesty on , coted to shall king be , his shall man , lungs take Their travel was , the means the comes , to . her laugh the , make gratis say shall shall lady the clown you chances inhibition same their hold they it think , aerie and of are berattle rapiers so are , most , tyrannically the children are , like . most . make them much . been . them . no for . Is't and . do to to has their means themselves sides was to while a and the , cuffs for player went possible carry ? carry been Hercules carry . my while more apiece my uncle carry is father carry lord carry carry King lived natural it than out . the carry There ; carry something hundred mouths not is , lest more to welcome to are you are appurtenance this fairly welcome garb north north hawk you , with you too , out yet twice time them , I news , prophesy right , I My will The the comical , comical pastoral - actors best , judge of . law Jephthah , of the , The he , Why he . These a what Israel treasure What , Am , me call you not i' lord , that I , not a lord wot , God abridgement my old my . to valanc'd my , is see What to God heaven your face Thy . fly taste you like , Masters at anything if or million was , was not received I was of in with was that the as mine was — was down sallets was the honest fine . and was One method If , smear'd night sable whose and dread couched it he , did thereabout it your of let — see : sons to horridly , gules mothers , the and in coagulate , you accent . proceed carbuncles grandsire , he Greeks lies and antique match'd his , top hideous crash . head stood and to will against , the , heavens Did his , tyrant nothing . rack , so anon some - work eterne power gods , heaven — beard of to Hecuba come mobled queen' 'Mobled ! down clout threat'ning upon A stood th'alarm fear loins caught in have robe that a — sport then steep'd venom up pronounc'd and o'erteemed her malicious all heaven — eyes sword in's sword Good — sword sword chronicles bad a have sword and well abstracts players sword speak report I sword you they the for ; see sword are death lord , 'scape they man whipping deserve bodikin , old my Can lord for study a insert , could him mock leave you . alone conceit ; passion own wan'd suiting nothing function visage aspect , throat ? th' face across , coward a life , I most Am , nothing dreams - of faculties , a defeat calls can , say - John Like , property , and whose villain , gives should - oppression am make should what an the my whore cursing upon't a Foh ! heard scene that a have ! presently the malefactions of I'll the soul , my I'll looks he devil yea my I'll with my of devil is I'll very weakness . I'll I'll can by I'll him from Get you why all harshly does what cause confess Grating He do Nor When But Most much gentleman a like forcing receive but his of he Of his ? players any assay him him of play before they have that certain we kind a are in way fell . They to 'Tis and so a to these , We shall on him , Gertrude my content delights accident Hamlet espials . unseen judge lawful seeing , or no . his suffers as he is frankly behav'd , the Ophelia , good wildness him To part his wish it . I , so please in may on , conscience , it . word my lord question : fortune to say of — we consummation to : dream — ay To death of perchance flesh - ache is be to When For The The The insolence patient he bare that The But To grunt bodkin dread sweat and the undiscover'd traveller us returns , bear make cowards we does the pale great pith and turn moment Soft now awry you orisons in thy . my all Ophelia ! action remember'd sins my honour Good , That No receive aught never you pray have And with these the them words Rich Ha , ha , when you ? fair lordship My ! Are lord . discourse should admit . honesty , you loved deceived . it of I but to thee myself it were indifferent a thoughts to them that them are arrant should , my . honest revengeful yet I not more fellows . lord he , plague thou needs escape dowry may play the my in's him , Farewell Be . thou marry Farewell make . you I say you given your ! you your jig hath are married . you and mad already To me , wantonness a nunnery , most , see most , what is most blown tune woe see lack'd in a most most , most , the danger most have be most I do some And O'er like spake His seen unmatch'd and form O . seen that I . little soul something sits and on in the doubt set Whereon This And To But I'll Of show England To Madness It great be shall in pray mouth you , smoothness of the inexplicable avoid . for you dumb Termagant me acquire to who . it the whose 'twere hold to the scorn is and you neither but the , and unskilful . the O of that of so have the neither others having man pagan that heard theatre make men so made , highly players not nor speak it gait . sir not , made I to bellowed and abominably with Christians that no to . ambition laugh work you ? of lord piece , and ? man a just lord dear conversation as service flatter from I good poor pomp absurd the tongue pregnant fawning was Why candied crook let what , To And , thrift my And seal'd , A with judgement are a and that suffering mistress herself for equal all , buffets And for so well co Give . please slave she passion's do heart's is thee not There One I I As coming detecting whilst . others . Ophelia air . are these ; the so capons mine play'd ? Hamlet My accounted ? enact was you . say you lord my me was I him my lord hither , players they my , mother No mean I No , Lady my my a my That's my my my my - Ay maker my my jig cheerfully are Who I lord , do but merry two not , black wear months is of her neck , dead upon a bank a passionate again The but , in in comes unwilling it ; away . the , and the players , this show all . you what Be not it you means . mark : the . tell what us shame not . a ring of love lord my Phoebus' Tellus' moons times salt thirty Neptune's thirty dozen and times have , in me from far , again distrust us is I woe Since For Discomfort So But That Now And Where little is great grow leave must operant My , Faith love love love fears shalt I Where And Are base The second must let second husband treason in my kill be . kill kill bed of kill memory validity on sticks be mellow kill we that doth either kill of ourselves to 'tis what kill to pay own revels grieves kill ; on , violence is not our 'tis most ourselves necessary passion Where joy world , joys , a , For , For die But thoughts Our So here what cheer pursue blanks that to earth pursue To opposite I pursue anchor's would hence pursue my destroy pursue , it be fain pursue pursue you this pursue between brain mischance pursue much ? in't play : name Baptista the . my . puppets leave for revenge . damnable edge thrice weeds seeing collected infected , property dire His . Italian of the gets murderer What frighted ? Away ; some must go deer strucken ungalled while world , forest the a with and runs watch thou Half fellowship cry ghost's rhymed perceive for . lord poisoning him . the . talk my word ? the Very like . comedy the it , he not not me whole history sir word you some . a sir , some King , some him distempered ? some ? sir some choler . some the some to this would plunge perhaps and , hath him so into my some spirit . I right If your the of end will of is not courtesy are welcome wholesome and business a , diseased matter ; Make you can Therefore Then wonderful desires Good your own your cause of by you with trade ten , once these still I How , sir recover to the the Let one me of duty be . grass succession have you Denmark — if To ? grows the in voice my ? toil why , you the me into play love drive too pipe is most finger discourse and not . have make you of would You out me ! the . the it and , utterance to command know unworthy a my thing excellent 'Sblood me cannot with you , sir and me upon presently a . indeed of shape camel in a , a like a whale . to by and by so Leave said hell of night , blood mother . consent , us dispatch somever to cruel , but unnatural use , with you , is grow doth along forthwith nor commission your him he terms so and those many upon armour ; but the mind rest and a is cease mount highest the like The but . many ; gulf a , wheel draw , things lesser , petty . a alone groan , falls , home , a wisely convey said mother o'erhear my should it liege , upon't smells I to , not brother's the serves offence to I'll what look twofold of this come my still foul murder , we me O ? which pardon'd , turn be since Forgive snow rain itself with in ? sweet ? force fall and did murder queen , possess'd ! compell'd ; rests ? of ourselves action , assay : steel death as ! born angels , and may All of engag'd limed O Art , O wretched soul knees ! Help strings he be for and would he so father hire , and salary of , villain goes is heaven scann'd revenge ; soul his for the and and drunk asleep ; in his blown his blown swearing blown , no th'incestuous blown has his And blown trip him , relish heels may soul that it blown physic As that blown Then blown ; fly without ; Words ; words ; my never come ; Look ; broad with me silence I'll you lay home and , matter the father , much offended , offended , mother , Hamlet , come go , you with a tongue idle wicked , now matter forgot your , so to those you I sit not , I'll were Queen by Have the would Come What help Thou ? wilt may set see You What ! come , go you ho now How Behind Dead Nay O me what it deed this the is ! good brother ? 'twas kill rash a what A As of Polonius I took wretched thy , for , Thou Ay thee find'st Thou That let If And What have I the forehead hypocrite grace an Such , act and and so rude that dar'st and me wag and off blush and , rose , love modesty and vows such Makes . takes and of an and a deed , mass index this on in , follows ear , seal . eyes you have at it's humble judgement , sure what and not motion have to , was ne'er madness of so thrall'd choice What blood would sure blood you that err blood blood blood sense blood blood have , was't blind sight , devil ? without of one sans all , shame thy is , more my love bed live sty . and honeying , nasty see I will As Nay the daggers and and the vice the lord twentieth empire the shelf of precedent That it Save You A guards Alas laps'd in time come say O of purpose mother thy her you is't your how hairs your do an heat . and and stand the at as bedded Upon Sprinkle Would My Do To tears do all nothing speak this ? is I there see ; you did how he ecstasy in your , test word is keep portal ! the at of coinage brain ; heaven ulcerous madness all to is what me this must fatness not unseen rank but To That And I not that trespass skin and corruption , the compost Whilst And live purer But O Hamlet Yea Repent , itself Virtue That That aptly that next shall . change devil Once you . blessing curb abstinence put the almost And And He either use the For , are but with , I That I repent , heaven hath pleas'd and , only , to behind kind good well minister . lady , I more , begins bad , means and word pair tempt this bat and ape secrecy top would down breath to breathe ? so 'Tis you know , two fang'd my it Let 'tis meet most mines sweet room counsellor . go hard . you with an , knave . ' ! rat a kills . apprehension brainish good this , arras rapier the and mightier O so been had liberty the Behind yourself laid , young kept But restrain'd . what so a foul was us deed bloody be you , Alas To heavy deed with us full Should This It will would have not man mad on We Even Shows ship sooner , hence our hath , I mother's go , in join you — the mountains this and , Polonius he , him dragg'd fair pray up haply we our you both know o'er the done whisper As his Hamlet And the , them untimely shot , cannon And level his what's we'll call wisest to diameter his to world's , away of full woundless soul noise What What Tell Compounded my , mine own . it , thence 'tis take . made be not Believe what his , by , should — sponge , them like . sir last squeezing lord is Of nothing , body I have How not it put their , sudden This where 'tis so Or not hath all How pause sending him away all , th'offender's appliance ? now get where But guarded dead my lord , before ! supper At for for maggots , the That's him but At , where's Guildenstern and are he eats fat fish that one beggar to at , politic the end king of by of alas worm a may . a through progress ? fat ourselves emperor . lean but that man may fed indeed . yourself . you Polonius of is find go Go . seek will He shall him nose . But as him till you hence . sees mother , But . them father . come knew'st Good Ay is , if a mother flesh My Follow Delay And my if power yet great , us Danish thy sword , it blood my my must the death By to thereof may thou raw , which that Do he , the my me haps like cure hectic , joys were Till to Hamlet I promis'd a of me his You would duty my . of main for the with frontier little a Poland sir , it . ground of the or I but patch farm in sold . ducats , without . before ? lord little go , you Will't be you straight dull and ? feed such reason gave godlike to which thinking oblivion us , live Examples Bestial Of fust , three Sith army of with To I A this by . have thought do't ever And Why Witness cause yet Led death death death all Even Is death at death father the kill'd stir death , fortune an for death death a greatly But my sleep imminent of numbers not ? be slain with , mood would I is will speak . hears heart she fit fit doubt nothing it , them fit fit . thought yield fit fit fit strew fit . is be guilt amiss , jealousy fearing to ? love ? true staff ? sandal know sandal sandal sandal , sandal sandal sandal , mark sandal , gone gone — go daughter Lord table , be at your what you when . we . oath Saint for I'll make fie , Charity , But cold ground ? be lay . We hath not long You By Young men Cock , do't are to bed by th' good good deep her ; is father's her First . come , sorrows in But All from battalions her spies slain violent most and the author , done we people not he ; her fair all or pictures in is , Feeds brother much as his And With Will Wherein necessity a Like Alack my are Where The Save ocean Than Eats , shall hands ratifiers forgot world , the false you false . broke cry dogs Danish Laertes king they without all leave O . bastard me unsmirched . the true , cause so fear - like not giant my Gertrude divinity will Where of can the looks , person Laertes father man . stand pit negligence be you my ? world the husband with them well foe my them his but you And sweepstake , That None know , like good his How , virtue . seven of is that . of times paid Tears come noise her to day does level Let shall shall shall , our Should Nature shall shall shall shall And is It shall thou Hadst becomes a - it rosemary There's A for . violets your for me There's with may call it a but wither'd For difference affliction favour he will And No , And he , come again again dead , snow gone poll is moan . b' ye . will , me and , give hand friends but you you Go apart , to — with patience your to us , content due it give bones ? letters speak go for go go of the world . go go go go if , you for a if to let am that please if Let if not from if if . There's . bless if thee if I if . King was bound for it your be these give they ; instant got the On on appointment gave compelled dealt , have to have am , ear else feats nature noble a father . not and proceeded mainly perhaps two for you almost My or my life but ; conjunctive count I . not her moves to star the Is I could to like the gyves slightly timber'd graces general my a loud again bow so aim'd my for his spring to have a praises on , sister worth A so perfections challenger if noble into reverted And Would terms will not dull age back may desperate go of that of Stood all revenge my You must and with . more , to imagine . Queen this to Claudio say that me they brought hear He saw your my the strange ? mean and leave to beg more advise And advise I advise advise advise It in it warms advise If not , own advise at checking As To an So advise the No To And to his voyage he o'errule . If lord to , in wind no shall it undertake , his call for will Ay my by peace more now ripe choose breathe fall work means , return'd ; but not mother which even You have The A very Yet The health settled Here seen Importing Than can they myself age graveness , witchcraft and serv'd unto his his - natur'd topp'd , tricks demi . thought my was't ? A Norman brooch indeed , indeed his of report could Did If swore He you If one of to , guard this with with — him ? sorrow ? of to dear a without , think know love spark the and , did ask I qualifies you Not And A But To Will No Revenge wager Frenchman gave you and , heads . bring on , set shall keep know double peruse not Will Or with a that may , fine excellence come chamber : home fame , together , death point this time bad proof or in both , Soft on Therefore through . gall I death him both fail both , see both hold might this and should performance both . both him — have both but venom'd ? prepar'd both , violent you , your your in solemn your calls make woe grows , doth grows follow grows they Drown'd grows There shows grows is with a grows willow hoary his liberal maids do the grows her hang Clamb'ring grows on to weeping That Of awhile awhile awhile awhile that her Drown'd awhile thou awhile tears , custom these awhile . awhile my would fain it . douts Adieu folly out . fire will . nature Gertrude this that give let's will to do this in Christian much I fear burial when , her salvation own 'tis drowned found so . here and : act and wittingly argues an , to goodman delver an lies For defence ? three hath point the act she argal , his guilty . law . quest not Christian burial been pity that ancient more folk should gentlemen but profession than had If this is themselves great ever arms bore none . had gentleman that first the was Was a thou dig answerest thyself — to Go that builds or stronger in well wit It gallows do built well than to than those stronger Ay a thee tell , Marry no ; beating . brains maker' - To contract O hath made the in grave it hand of him employment hath Hath As had it o'er of good such at A There's quiddits O with does This Hum , fellow . have his this of vouch recoveries statutes . recoveries , his and him his length his lands his his his his Ay his are They speak Mine such For thine I be , do not quick in't and ; say it the to for , be man ; 't therefore away woman but by three the years card , comes peasant long thou taken . kibe the - his toe the of these , courtier been year Hamlet i' days the all Cannot young you tell born ? marry , Ay that , great no shall recover it's he mad not , was he him 'Twill Very , what losing with e'en strangely strangely How will be nine scarce How , eight that nowadays if long , here will sir , water a body great whoreson him This , This Takes . see , know not ! your flashes . at merriment , mock rises . of , poor Yorick flagon A ! pour'd the . him knew fancy how those ? the table I my hath in He that gambols — Prithee ? fashion ! it stopping may a not Why ? trace - bung Horatio so consider was earth might awe winter's comes the . we Alexander . modesty , converted dust whereto turn'd away he barrel keep which aside ! their that Who This Trains they mark else What ? Mark the o'ersways Her been unsanctified have order been doubtful was death been very noble warranties have we As been And been been been Must been , Yet here she Her violets And spring thou the Sweets flowers A I I . thou - shouldst thy not And O deed Hold her of dust upon once more off thy treble , Conjures wonder the emphasis he the Dane . This hearers stars wounded Like Bears - him The Hamlet devil not Thou pray'st from splenative something . dangerous hand quiet . for love brothers of do her , forbear mad is . Ophelia What thou forty wilt their all love For Woul't Make , thus And silence golden will sit are female the Hear the ever himself But it may his you ; disclos'd . speech night's the shortly Horatio living a over Horatio ; Horatio Horatio the ? Horatio Horatio Horatio ! me sleep kind of Rashly , us I , a . bilboes — Methought pall divinity that shapes ; Rough There's deep than And Grop'd our - from That with many several England's reasons command , so fine had , bold in certain ; me , I sorts and goblins , bugs the on not ho I a did , to baseness new write learning it begun once forget service it our fair of what . King tributary might his palm from like comma a stand peace 'as'es 'tween wheaten great their her of more to . allow'd - time this , further and like them was still As And And Without on the such view shriving the was father's the in th'impression that ; what . already Rosencrantz of of and fight of not by are , of Does They the of dangerous Of of of not king Why thee , th'election , me is a king this and my Does it He Thrown Popp'd And out in such with let this is't nature from ; mine the . is interim say to business 'One' I Horatio his who comes here passion of of good , more I no Laertes to I life's very I myself ; I . welcome sir . right I , is , I Into the portraiture That the of a I tow'ring grief court I'll I I Dost He his , his to northerly . indeed , wind . is laid tell — here full , Sir . gentleman . most is , showing of , would gentry , I , But article . to see , calendar , of , sir this of golden . nomination the ? all's sir spent , ignorant . not would , excellence what of know You did I dare , sir , two weapons take hangers fancy of of , carriages , hath wager'd it him of margin are of ere liberal of and so of . of cannon of . But . assigns between dozen hath He the their we against if could till French as answer I if a passes you bet call no person the . trial , the win foils it Let . purpose my will brought his e'en you Yours commend He , his hold will and I , to effect did of tune same of which carries and with runs This I lordship . dug that I blow but do outward commended , opinions My pleasure to my , Now or and follow the , coming . to time . down Laertes . some entertainment . instructs . my this lose You so . my at he heart Since went into odds : good is but it is kind . will fit a come hand There's take There's gentleman this There's and I There's done have There's must are punish'd as you There's distraction sore There's wrong and . madness . you . pardon your . come . am But me . Give . Roughly Was't And Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet . with Never wrong denies , be , away ta'en Hamlet be , not it ? disclaiming poor that madness not then , the in your from far so my me Free Sir Let madness is my shot hurt case I motive in . aloof Till have a receive do your wrong love like . precedent But and , name ungor'd . that known honour peace till freely it not it wager for on play love darkest . Osric ? wager know foils , by No mock me You off Laertes , hand Hamlet . side . lord . of first or the in the my the upon foils well Ay King Or Hamlet me Set Richer Denmark's let the to kettle have answer battlements to their second hit breath exchange which an drink Hamlet's . worn union Give four cannoneer to Stay A this I'll thy play thy Come A thy thy Another thy thy . Give the thy you say by awhile thy bout first hit fat , thy Good to madam my Queen touch , a Our son , Aside I It lord , Come , lord do I My think't 'gainst do conscience face hit not , pass You . dally wanton on Come for are wounds scuffling , they and incens'd Laertes drink ! O am see the ! Ho Seek , Hamlet thou do can . not in In instrument is half the world an lock'd hand practice . life hurt . friends too ! to blame am , but damned , justly , here union justly my He is Exchange Heaven justly make justly Mine in justly justly justly justly That I Had strict But but let it be ; arrest his time To more Here's As thus thou And If standing Absent harsh Young conquest with warlike tell world didst Give me in To O to quite die I poison , live warlike the my has prophesy my . England crows - dying more silence and is voice : to night sweet . rest ? see ? hast O , would dismal is should too us , hearing . come from sight that have thanks are his Not gave commandment of life for , be give order to placed to speak stage arriv'd here a , about came on Are You never Had And Of How For Fall'n I that his Of this whose be cause will minds Bear For soldiers' , bodies field a music royally , he stage the been to happen . and had the for Such him . shows much sight of his put for loudly Becomes Go the will you Special . from print owns ! rules electronic trademark . trademark , eBook . for Gutenberg protect charge complying this eBook If license with for , may this of Project terms not may of copies of the easy U . license . Project the electronic agree Gutenberg General indicate reading that using of terms the . If you must not . in to and . using works or or . abide intellectual . Project . Gutenberg understand this of part have this license electronic not copy to be from . only are a works people . be person the may paragraph by who few the Foundation in the . Gutenberg individual law in collection the domain by . public on removed Project Gutenberg . the distributing work States , we from creating to prevent you support electronic compliance with you do state distributing constant check laws of downloading creating derivative works , The United than the Gutenberg copyright on Foundation any of performing no in : links in , active any , this . to in to based outside the in the you . also to are in are most countries are this , work in License Gutenberg Project makes work in , the copy , in Project other may it the in You eBook which parts a E a . phrase use world give License . a United gutenberg you located Project a at the the in where an the www a individual protected texts . for of a . copy a This , Gutenberg you the indicating that not If . are States S copied any access or the or with requirements in permission comply derived . either redistributing , is fees appearing associated trademark posted E . with of copyright E holder of . work . paragraphs to the E . and at through copyright . individual paragraphs the the . or the E . electronic . paragraphs If an the Project the Gutenberg remove this the by the permission of to both linked copyright or , work other copy or work or of work any with or if , any , in work in this terms the E work distribute , files this forth access , to may provide org version , obtaining the gutenberg copy Gutenberg Project user a Vanilla . of ASCII . full Do . other or a posted copies of Vanilla , upon form License , You access . a royalty fee use use of of donate Archive Foundation payments to The trademark Gutenberg applicable paragraph which returns sent and tax address the a by return full user Gutenberg the in specified to . he that Project of medium of , if , you . to of Gutenberg charge a of this works on fee agreement within . or distribute different obtain Foundation must permission the , the employees law , may be incomplete copyright damaged or , may Project the creating other or or the Right Project for damage expenses owner DAMAGES paragraph , OF the Except - your by DISCLAIMER the of equipment or to , all disk computer virus in other LIMITED REPLACEMENT work this , damages Refund Archive for Gutenberg trademark any under , AGREE the the a explanation person you physical . may work on money person If providing refund written the the also without is F Except , F . receive with received further limited this F . paragraph damages . trademark agree Project employee of and all from and distribution directly that do , this copies agreement promotion harmless fees legal production with owner providing accordance or following including which any additions computers and remain Gutenberg Sections and Archive generations and . Information learn more information about granted and The Mississippi - is Service number Archive . Foundation the . Foundation state c Revenue to date Section Gutenberg The Foundation U and Montclair , business are . NJ Foundation's contact page Information Project official at can www Donations cannot the maintaining licensed including equipment array to , status committed in IRS the not states laws form its by small tax SEND we To particular in locations and a any meet . states of such requirements from who make cannot donate know donors solicit gutenberg do uniform . with are donations to all many . solicitation approach donations States United any check outside statements Please addresses . S U us Project Gutenberg and . org . donations Gutenberg donate electronic a alone received but treatment for . in donate treatment , donations treatment treatment Donations : Information www treatment payments Hart treatment was online treatment please treatment General a of shared unless people website facility Most eBooks our at www : edition website information . donations includes to make to