Who's yourself King and Stand there . me most He Barnardo the ? bed bitter . at struck this Have Get thanks sick heart had am now I rivals of do meet watch bid , them I honest soldier who , Give Say what place O , Barnardo , has , this have thing appear'd , of piece , is A He Tush That And let Peace In ; to King Horatio speak ? it dead . that's . Horatio and . time of Question that with the that art Together offended ! gone , How Is now Before Horatio speak something more ? than might eyes the to As Such He thou the jump gone he thought bodes the some tell me , eruption he watch . opinion that of of the . to work ; Our to us I appear'd Fortinbras most our combat this to For so the you Who What be might Against Was gaged Which Did this side by who and by all to heraldry , conqueror ; return'd cov'nant those , had Fortinbras as of by , hot the , mettle of to appear to food skirts . he fell So by I it be no that our sort it may was A In The Is main our and , and , rummage watch of is and other post Comes armed through of this but e'en so King . of the dead moist Roman dews the and Neptune's precurse of the demonstrated streets together comes voice again ! me , life earth of spirits , illusion , to fate country's speak may and . me to avoid thy , speak , womb Stay you , it of ? partisan my strike it it Shall do For about vain as it it 'Tis here ! gone 'Tis 'Tis , or air warning morn the to trumpet shrill and in , truth the earth at erring . fire , And the . throat , hath the , so no dare season , abroad strike high of , hallow'd fairy nights then And So have , they and witch gracious part spirit all is birth Saviour's dawning , singeth then of bird nor and morn the heard is to it duty , tonight hill . him will seen life with our and loves most him fitting have by eastward speak , pray , we Where watch up we us we our needful Break spirit , young impart ; dumb Cornelius shall Let's Laertes , be memory Though in equal one , hath brow one remembrance , Hamlet our green , and that it us befitted , our delight , wisdoms to With To be Yet so far discretion on dropping dirge and barr'd , marriage , ourselves now and along weak late of us pester hath He With With mirth wife Importing his Our Norway his His by father for is uncle , impotent this Of Who lists , of good greeting and of to his , Out gait and bed , valiant Lost business ourself much To we here all are , to in ; herein and subject full : that told us Laertes , cannot your not voice is hand What throne wouldst is Than The The shall of We And now some What of my . speak you them wishes in willingly Dread have instrumental to to Laertes Denmark toward me and my wrung from will petition seal'd him to be Laertes , graces hour beseech Upon hath By , He Have I And My thoughts thy And leave ; What says . consent thy and , kin still am I my more best laboursome lord my do ; leave my i' much Hamlet his . Good for And Thou so 'tis Seek not eye , Hamlet know'st let for thy , Do , all , Ay Passing madam with know suits my customary Seems madam not inky it Why it , of is haviour dejected nor Nor Nay If be , so seems No Together For but I These But That commendable trappings within passeth of your the and in play ; father a the , sorrow , do To course survivor Hamlet . father some But a impatient your simple obsequious Of For your your what As heart a your filial obligation condolement obstinate lost , your your the should ? know your unfortified will stubbornness for and understanding any heart reason to it A you that and , of death To Is must From against we in thing to sense a , till hath today , nature to fault 'tis a whose who absurd dead theme died and pray the our of father let for ; ' We world his son throne take intent , to nobility in comfort of , eye remain : come her cousin and , go best in grace Madam fair reply . madam , Hamlet you today tell . dew ! fix'd God not had flat of , of on him two it ! winds hang it within , is father's it even she poor Frailty or — and it , thy grown it to of mine uncle she it old woman reason yet appetite had shoes with like a Within my . were — increase if As it God Would I to Hercules of brother Than . married more most but no unrighteous month my followed eyes to ! tongue : to your Hail , for it see lordship nor not my heart , flushing most wicked her sheets , galled to or glad , The what Wittenberg Marcellus change make you my name that good see , your And I My good ? Wittenberg , violence so from , lord your my enemy you affair , deep you no your own ; are , in ere your Elsinore ? see see funeral see student . meats see see all in see again like all a eye saw I eye Who eye your . eye King think take eye man lord My eye eye My , I father while ! father gentlemen hear I , father march he pie the watch thrice act the not had the , they The , My lord Form the sound it morning as , I none : did like it head it up And 'Tis vanish'd do we did live watch ? lord and the it know sirs , let you And Hold you Both you O to head ? to toe . in eyes upon you his very Nay much had Most very very very very And very While like have very . it amaz'd been . a tell BARNARDO beard was I Longer Not sable I will 'twill you this you , tonight ; well but you and loves it Let bid , conceal'd hap in your tongue no I itself person gape , them , then doubt Till Our , father's your you to deeds men's winds the hear me is But For Though necessaries Farewell you . the My and No suppliance , youth a , more so . more No In thews and service Perhaps ; The For nature Think crescent no His For for The Carve He greatness virtue of wide now nor . withal nor And therefore in he saying his nor wisdom . must health yielding act of says nor he choice of his and sanctity nor is Unto nor and for is subject , the voice main give particular treasure songs may honour your rear of , and unmaster'd his the fear in you of Virtue she itself canker unmask not of their beauty enough affection , further loss , heart your To with what lose Then weigh . list you credent too If keep If And The maid to be safety though none of this watchman Youth wary 'scapes the morn are lies in fear . imminent else lesson But ungracious thorny of not recks And Himself the like a puff'd not . father here me . rede own his But a fear upon long . a second blessing smiles grace you , your with shame sail . vulgar . tried steel . thy of but ; and by thought few thy Give unproportion'd these And friends Grapple man's , fancy habit censure man each Be each Of Are For loan loses borrower express'd in best not rank ; oft of apparel Give But Costly Take above all thine both : must This Most humbly do I my not Thou Farewell a Neither the not most a select and itself generous the of they borrowing time Farewell I And The you Farewell said he he he he , something , he caution ? Give daughter me up your he many . pay , baby . should green fool poor more yourself a think ; phrase the tender it holy of , go lord . fashion importun'd me a to both my . rate presence time making - in , Lord higher this ; a extinct as for of at that larger vows for In tether . their are few is young , all for is of which his given parley investments bawds from , unholy , pious , show brokers ; Ophelia walk they ; may , suits Lord my , or shall you in words I Look give to Breathing The I , terms any with the ways . charge I . is an . cold then it this mean , bray . pledge trumpet his the wake What Wherein Keeps King And wassail he his and draughts custom though , breach revel of and , tax'd and ; marrow mole chances , vicious of cannot o'ergrowth of pales of manners , that of ; of the livery , or of man — infinite , Nature's I else As as scandal of a doubt evil grace , hell , us or Dane . in royal , will Thou thy airs from in intents . O or ! Hamlet death , tell inurn'd this complete in in sepulchre , and What again disposition our of to shake our we reaches of ! and , hideous is cast Hath we up his again op'd cerements thee ponderous corse thee it go Wherefore we nature should to some removed . to with courteous why , It As if ? this beckons away . action ? fee it no No I for waves And if it forth again immortal can life what I'll follow itself do pin's fear a at my , thing . base assume might there dreadful toward his deprive beetles to tempt you You Hold , lord . fathoms toys place more looks it many . my That hears me off rul'd each fate petty the as call'd . I hardy makes I'll am Nemean My cries artery And away ! Let's As heaven say By I follow . is Have Something , let's direct Denmark this ? me lead thou . him no further flames go . tormenting poor , To Alas , but I , So art thy for Till Doom'd me Pity to father's walk in to to my whose freeze locks , nature days - prison my tale soul ; unfold start to stand porpentine and particular upon the hair blazon eternal blood O didst quills . Like up could I Would Make two eyes thy To knotted God Murder most his Murder most , to God thoughts that the with God Revenge God But rots God God A . on Lethe ear my of in process sleeping Now death the this in I me know't or to I meditation shouldst whole than ; my apt be find thee thou in that me by out a but that did uncle prophetic soul , and wit , that to - gifts incestuous of , O it to Upon So Hamlet a That me , my falling seeming most a what whose love hand in in her But , lust Though of marriage natural in it court wretch to radiant shape it ; was his off won — bed scent a lewdness mine From But I Will itself . let me be I custom secure on a of a of in garbage of . morning my orchard air , of , of crust of hand . a queen by with instant - All a , account . Denmark and , thee most my to unanel'd of of , reckoning With If thy A thou hast bosom Against To And 'gins to pale adieu his . me . near once , heaven lodge ! well uneffectual . contrive , soul to to , heart , records thee ? fie while , me , wipe poor away observation alone copied commandment thy , book Unmix'd That O , O and and my live ! by ; villain it be a down damned , Yes Meet baser pernicious smiling I and shall of , fond memory . matter most and it there you have , I HORATIO , sworn't . be , smile . villain ; MARCELLUS adieu , remember me . ' come my , ho , Illo is't What O . it lord you'll reveal , it , my No , Not my , news wonderful lord once , I my by lord man . secret MARCELLUS of think it , then Ay ne'er There's by HORATIO and heaven my dwelling i' . are circumstance that and we ; Look as your and , words heartily , tell let this there , offend is as you may to ghost too Yes they offence friends is't Yes And It As , by Patrick , poor one me you , will you us me between good . not soldiers and scholars , request MARCELLUS what What Never In I upon sworn , Upon my lord seen there Art this Consent thou so hear speak hands hither lay to that this of speak by my sword shift have my this again Come et ubique ? Then we'll gentlemen , Swear . i' this stranger in things of , in give But mercy , out could 'We or of such an times put encumber'd , by such know you we to grace So As , know' Or aught : head or pronouncing As perchance ambiguous giving 'There . antic or seeing disposition be and thus your Swear need this , me at love t'express shall And so With all speak' you might' , is . do to ; together . in pray right cursed lips ever time shall him visit I Of , him , this well . very he's may my mark knowledge will come of friends nearer , more it father distant touch Reynaldo you and his do very him' in Addicted As him dishonour sir may forgeries and take , liberty . noted may dishonour him charge the in you or and companions To But ; heed of that ; so , mind , another . quaintly faults another him another . should would . another ? know this do another here's you , another Marry I I As thing little of in I I addition I . I this to I , He he What Very ' or the ; you with you ever Having Your party in closes He And or 'friend At does By the , mass then or gaming There 'I out him sir , I At ' and consequence so , with yesterday : such perchance rouse say ! gentleman , and now truth not have . me You My God former And Your By by we of windlasses With lord fare , advice well in . Well Farewell With what sewing all - I with and Hamlet my , My Pale , his look head , his , How Alas lord , in his shirt had been piteous each hell me I fear ankle unbrac'd , was , his with if As , I And said of held but ? arm mine up stay'd my thus Long face , so his down . perusal hand length the to draw — he He For go the doors bended so lets shoulder on , heaven will ecstasy fordoes undertakings seek their without his , and waving thus piteous way without help . King . the , sorry lord him given any . passion go — late denied did words am itself love me you and judgement , command my to younger age did . mad beshrew heed better him made hath that him to meant not , is Come go hate hide , it common beyond . To As must This , to utter , Guildenstern and use Something so I ; dear than Since ; That Some you to ; so your to youth brought I ; days young ; time from on little vouchsafe neighbour'd so ; So being father's ; th'understanding . of that , Whether much to him pleasures in entreat our to may afflicts are will and with us profit hope awhile good you , living please our remembrance such , not of talk'd If . men time hath , I To gentlemen am , us much there him within us unknown entreaty more your , you will supply commanded . at full gentle and Rosencrantz be We Than to into have bent , you Rosencrantz gentle Hamlet visit where , to Go our him . some of . practices , and bring these our . make amen Ay Norway Th'ambassadors Are been Assure hold gracious soul found . found hath distemper my source tells The Thyself do me and , it death is and . brother . and out first our His from him friends to him Polack to 'gainst , which my , Most fair , sent greetings of preparation Highness whereat griev'd suppress desires what he into in he ; and and , hand his a To , more Majesty thousand th'assay give Gives So his commission against crowns employ , arms vow before for this those against age , Norway his , fine soldiers enterprise and safety are pass give of you down set well your - read , shown us us us us us : took together labour us at you This night Most is night brevity brief . limbs will Mad What be , to . and expostulate , and liege What nothing majesty should , flourishes , night is outward and wit . true else noble and is tediousness I but let that to define 'tis A . no art true all mad son Your for . nothing use 'tis , him true swear mad pity farewell it 'tis , use less I the the use and mine . remains art figure art use I use But Mad rather out grant And use That we Or — and then true foolish use . vile and — and defect obedience idol you : shall ; gather Now but and I ; and and , and I I , art to it to believe O move , have , not . faithful ? Adieu reckon him . means his best daughter his mine by solicitings , and love , hath how What do hath given All . so I hot what and . think you might might what tell on love queen desk , prove I I my had Before would had man receiv'd , that you honourable the here Majesty given If faithful But , her , from a into the took ' . should no , short no precepts resort my to make , weakness fast — a into by now wail 'tis this , this for think . very likely , fain I'd so time may It such there I have a said otherwise Not that I know . lobby . if this circumstances is I'll I Be such does together to thereon , state not him loose , loose where loose time you the be Let loose look poor presently How loose loose him does Well , know , lord - comes wretch good Lord give away me . a , honest as to Then I Honest That's the if For breed sun a walk daughter that a ; my he a th' may truly a I'll a this . And not in a I again words , matter who , lord . Words matter What here satirical weak tree plum potently you should yet , that mean gum For . the the is the Between my I , honesty not , sir I am , which my , yet air ? Aside . often air be that o' will take him leave willingly part you except . his and and reason sometimes . there , you ! lord sir my lord he . thou dear How lads friends . Rosencrantz Good My in On My dost the waist Happy Then you live parts of the secret , news , my None doomsday , Fortune O lord But your . that have What , sends . prison Denmark's a . one lord me a is grown not good ? there which Denmark We there not so ; think ; one goodly makes be infinite merely are not ; 'tis too nutshell it is airy and itself dream , indeed Which Why ; shadow A and I hold ambitious were makes space , ambition reason ROSENCRANTZ . our GUILDENSTERN , monarchs , th' and wait not you the of dreadfully most am I honest an I . to visit , beaten the that friends dear I ? To , own my your inclining even am I you lord man rest . there ; for modesties Queen have King and were sent rights , by you by the my say . What in to must teach To me preserved , be consonancy let . the , fellowship colour . even - charge then I why tell secrecy but your to I late My wherefore and King my heavily a the not it , know ; lord so earth goes me to , air thing goes a of the faculties . firmament most goes no piece of work is , yet like look so all goes foul you a mirth forgone I have goes custom this goes that And o'erhanging admirable what ; reason , pestilent in And to , seem ; animals and Man your And no when was And 'Man , Lenten the . And ; the peace tribute lover ; And o' in shall sere service on have verse blank ? shall , not delights way man offer you from lord players He of those How you wont they profit city What for't Even knight humorous mind . such are or the reputation in the the part ; and Are city in . was I did followed are not is there rusty they ? wonted cry ; grow out — that say wearing of on many to their exclaim longer maintains and call . they grow much the ; for poet to to against both question been much possible controversy their they should ? children quality been them unless away about throwing to ? it , very not would make mouths in apiece ducats this while him uncle my lord carry brains ? load and could . Let than which , Your . mother lord entertainment ceremony and to at , with you out them second he's time , there and is not you yet his say gentlemen 'twas tell you . it . players they for ear . of twice see you baby Happily will he right prophesy a — to news an in Rome , the , buzz my either historical - the comical comical - best pastoral , The each heavy be . Israel he , lord treasure thou Plautus scene , comedy for - had daughter Why Still Am you call fair which Aside , The Nay first last mistress you and , good piece thee all We'll see last of welcome have a of the my , all old speech , once speech . us , God the falconers you , voice . Masters anything of acted not , an the much as in might indite sallets phrase method honest than fine an that , as wholesome make as it pleased received , never modesty excellent the in of One . tale Pyrrhus his as rugged is The blood , loved chiefly Black When now heraldry lend Now impasted , parching streets , fire , hellish Pyrrhus light gore daughters horridly to trick'd sons smear'd , accent seeks proceed lies Unequal rage good and sword fell senseless with to Repugnant Priam whiff drives , command father Seeming Th'unnerved Stoops Takes prisoner And like Of a reverend Which as So Pyrrhus' base it falls , stood th'air i' . in with a hideous sword flaming . will . rack stand storm to milky his was , ear A silence hush And With out Out Now spokes fellies Priam bleeding pause , thunder work hammers away Pyrrhus' . sword , gods you ; of come or ? to mobled 'The Hecuba barefoot That's on a Say Run Where had , th'alarm of A stood and . flames , steep'd , pronounc'd — that and clout . down , o'erteemed in that would state sword clamour the colour the And turn'd , no have Unless Who A in then have fear caught see malicious husband's she eyes not gods , move death for well well , milch his out epitaph Good — you chronicles to according . your own in bounty . and Come , sirs honour Take play . hear of Murder ? lord a , me old , him friend lines sixteen Ay dozen , could not We'll Very . and Guildenstern . are You till O , Is Ay But God eyes in that and force working monstrous a , so , not , and his That he should to him motive ? have I he the general her For for Hecuba And his his conceit ? he for appal and and of faculties dull and the the He Had That muddy guilty weep cleave Confound The me beard nose take my calls the , am I off the I 'Swounds To I this - all , region kites ! villain kindless this , lungs it the Who ? pigeon make should Ha ! slave's fatted of , creatures my scullion fall About ! sitting the their soul that scene drab with hell This ! an the my whore unpack a vengeance cunning players cunning looks father his of have tongue I have ! cunning Foh a play heard the struck Been That cunning For cunning cunning , miraculous it proclaim'd have something organ have the quick . play's catch the this very course devil shape and my yea the me than is my damn relative of pleasing potent to he does will turbulent harshly all of no puts his and he what we from He When But feels he crafty Of a But so cause from him why he would himself no madness true disposition But well . we of certain have the already . about a court , but , question in to it raught as I the way pastime joy told these entreat to see they are the and hear With To give all gentlemen Good And That have as closely by Ophelia , Gertrude Sweet 'twere their him of so Will father Affront thus We gather be I your Hamlet's for your wildness To bring good Ophelia suffers he Of him : so , We The much — such show — that with devotion's o'er plastering that most Is Than harlot's smart . O heavy and The nobler in against arms take to Whether To , my : come the sleep 'tis ay coil , the , bear the the love office of of his these would might The To that Must in pause have we When For pangs of wrong and law's scorns the contumely spurns you Soft turn moment currents cast thy orisons in remember'd sins lord a honour Good for ; this , day . well well . now deliver of re , gave aught you receive them - yours . you . lord for ; poor ha , There these Take Rich you to lordship , your beauty beauty translate transform honesty ? from no discourse paradox will admit honesty . but your fair power , than was proof bawd the better honesty force you believe once sooner beauty so you . not . it , it for Why with more borne at none all . Where's , home At upon shut be doors O him dost thou marry in's I'll as thou shalt wilt for ! dowry , thou fool ways to you nowhere Be escape you . thy Or quickly make you ; nunnery your you you well heavenly know : pure help plague not you thou if powers you what . calumny marry of make monsters and enough jig make made . the rose and soldier's , a The The courtier's O marriages no I'll of and , to live , face ; the more rest glass Th'expectancy mind of fashion and the eye mind of mind mind as keep mind scholar's is , here mind , down form , mind wretched ! deject most and harsh , is see feature of tune blown me see , what that it There's do seen , I doubt the sits and for demand the down in , spake Nor it I have variable settled himself do brains well . How of But us queen his you commencement My it fit all lord tell you she be as entreat , where think him . go shall , him unwatch'd so wisdom great in pray you my I hand town it but temperance that a as , your the But speech Madness if , crier mouth spoke , thus , I say Herods ; word be o'erdoing inexplicable of of whirlwind ; gently . O , offends must me you acquire , and . your and image 'twere , hold pressure scorn is o'erstep , warrant your the modesty playing to word your . have . noise though ; heard others her time , of not the the , overdone virtue is off and , form and the feature purpose the from a show the grieve whole , neither man humanity there which unskilful the censure — profanely Christian thought than laugh more reform altogether For some them that reform'd set the That's uses ? lord my , work ? them hasten GUILDENSTERN and help , to service ! Horatio sweet lord . withal cop'd e'en , ho , your thou my Nay what For , hast , think may the thee clothe , No follow soul Since seal'd thee herself all buffets that For mistress of election hast those nothing are - been suffers and . distinguish hinges , the knee Fortune's in blood is One As I do thee , sound That Which what core heart's not Observe mine the that of his If speech occulted one in very unkennel comment act as ; soul uncle not , passion's my prithee There scene As of it comes of my father's see'st a - foot , him foul . join is theft . eat . play air , play are not once play lord , play accounted play you play ; me Julius did , lord did That my nor mine now . To , did was kill'd enact What part him was lord , a brute Ay my my ! you mark attractive lap your by , ho mother , sit in I . the To King lie my ? lap your matters . What is Nothing merry Who looks my cheerfully , your how 'tis mother What should and twice , Nay , heavens O , Enter on King and . a a - head , leaves neck of , asleep and Queen very lovingly is ; protestation Lays . him down comes King's again , in unwilling means mallecho She my this argument means the . keep cannot of it ; lord fellow : the counsel show to they'll you ashamed . means ? play . all players show meant ? ring naught the you naught what tell show you naught , and , or love naught Tellus' Phoebus' hath , lord your . naught the clemency , patiently naught hearing 'Tis a thirty have times moons dozen borrow'd thirties sun ere most commutual count o'er are it nothing former moon did so you holds the though Yet love and be , done state : quantity extremity doubts is fear fear , there . too : to as . in accurst first thrift second but none , I husband When second Aside of , marriage , my instances The A base second Purpose Of now Which violent the determine we is fall , what To The passion most our aye is , own revels aye for , with , fortune question aye his do fates devices so overthrown . aye try friend , enemies lack doth aye tend fortune mark or us fortunes change , aye , prove to yet shall advanc'd in Directly seasons a never you a enemy I him where are end on begun run contrary , to and to give from trust me food die So thoughts thou think Nor sworn . Sweet , widow grow My day . would awhile . here me , beguile . I , and , O heard the Have they argument , jest but do The see murder anon dallying love off . groaning a better are my . Pox , for bellow , raven edge . my , if murderer Begin the apt , of midnight thrice weeds dire , no Still husbands croaking season hands Come — fit doth , property . immediately infected wife Gonzago's . of The He with very choice love . name's His Italian fire ? shall Gonzago . anon how ? rises my must forest a while feathers Provincial cry me Turk with sir For fortunes not Would this You Jove A a Of the I'll take ghost's rhymed — thou dost know dismantled Damon . share dear reigns have pajock . thousand pound not like of the Upon Very music ha ! if the belike , vouchsafe me music it , music you word sir whole music music music Is my music Good lord , The sir , No me for in wisdom should to wildly I put sir affliction most affair some purgation signify . frame choler , and . pronounce . my me sent breed . If hath it . you to courtesy , this wholesome is make if to me You a and , What command but , My she the I business your so heels this stonish rather , as into ? you go there bed sequel and no to you . is ere your to . advancement of the . your griefs stealers . friend bar the something unmannerly pipe . if , you love is into me drive too would withdraw is upon . my bold . cannot cannot ? your the are and with beseech touch : with I cannot ; thing stops me to you would now compass ; and there , skill . these , discourse You ! have the not would though , presently play you would that's like a in like whale weasel a fool by . me the out itself could Now said . Leave and yawn world look , heart Would And to soul not enter , this soul to in somever words seals never her , not be , firm let to my mother . stands nor , commission will estate doth . and his as shall England like range along prepare forthwith you with dispatch grow . ourselves religious many feed is bound Majesty safe draw majesty massy mount wheel , alone general Never consequence of it ; many . like The . but huge whose Did The Since meet process I'll arras . nature Behind as the We she'll than to . smells upon't my eldest it I , strong business as sharp curse intent not can my be guilt man to if What than . pause My And what's forestalled in being be To fault Or But My serve is To wash there Of That Were not it pardon'd past . since may seen . the oft And out law May In Offence's crown , be 'tis In to teeth nature , corrupted mine for gilded true his give Try Even the and 'tis action ? then and not itself ; when can can soft Be Bow more engag'd knees . babe free What bosom angels death it of ! that struggling new be And it he well heart , O ! limed what what state soul ; and , sinews may I might stubborn O . pat , is May , heaven soul thought of his his his rage hent : horrid bed may of relish swearing th'incestuous is , and ; pleasure asleep him That trip And fly The King Words as kick and heaven . between with , coming not ? matter the father an much offended , come you have mother thou tongue tongue . rood What's , Why you , Go Have by Queen were I'll it your so set . those husband's to you up Thou Where you , What , You wilt Behind help , the ? ho , Draws ! done help ? bloody thou ! good mother , is his with marry bad . brother this ! intruding Take for have is I What That it rude and grace , an and that the love takes an Makes plucks religion doth compound sweet contraction such makes modesty rose , marriage , oaths deed glow , a O mass Heaven's . the of Yea As from soul , thunders , sick what act in : command hill Mercury and , this brother Look assurance kissing indeed his set - a to a man seal heaven the give every on did husband your is Here Blasting on this it moor love heaven blood ; Ha : heaven for . like a now heaven , heaven wholesome heaven You hey - day in upon you apoplex'd it serve But Nor Ears Eyes That And If Since frost in compulsive youth flaming mutine ardour gives panders no very and more will actively my grained soul , doth into see I turn'st fire shame live an to like daggers more speak the corruption , leave , bed ears ; in enter me sty . honeying and more sweet no villain part of the and rule kings , tithe , stole diadem me with o'er would No , your wings figure ! the ? it , of and come in by lets gracious heavenly You Is Do not forget O look it with you . fighting Hamlet , almost This tardy your not you The That O her lady . distemper look glares , what piteous , action conjoin'd heat stand an end gentle excrements the wildly on ? in soldiers life flame — tears speak Do preaching how you not do pale you have nothing that all you did Nor but . he at coinage . very Is cunning ecstasy . in yours music . re will that matter utter'd . your That I gambol have the pulse as Lay not not It will To And Repent Yea in part worser heart . not good tonight , eat . this livery , other of cleft if who have with purer the . the likewise is on yet actions a . a He That monster Assume night live And Good a virtue custom habits to That To I me be their pleas'd , hath and answer . behind . good , him bestow I death That ; blessing I'll Not Let And I bad Thus One be must gave , who in That from a , concernings hide from , good with ravel essentially your to craft , in dear mad Make him on you paddling let Or in . Let try break your basket but that's Such paddock queen the And To own , birds No , if to had so you concluded my There's I What breath I bear For his delve petard , 't their sweet mines hard it have they knavery one trust , I They will me to mandate the seal'd own will But Hoist And Whom And marshal 'tis sport to and below directly me into Indeed neighbour , yard line moon O most . room them . you knave counsellor , grave . with . mother , secret a draw , to was Who , the , us while does both lawless , fit ' a , contend stir . everyone providence answer'd . our most fit was much of to be deed , had of full shall laid man the from pith the like O'er on Should keep of was But . weeps come for metals , away . is this vile mountains hence sooner life mineral the of his base . aid further , bring and hath haste fair with — join some you , you Polonius you you him : you dragg'd the . name come you . to do you , slander , to we cannon , away dismay O cannon cannon . come cannon cannon they with the ! cannon . Lord Hamlet may it . dead whereto thence be kin his in service , countenance best of , lord , a ? his King's the for a you you sponge he the in , that ; replication do soaks should , and you sir ape . authorities Ay them last glad . you , sleeps lord . a in body go speech , you of it must an swallowed , understand corner what needs and the a thing — with body to ! lord fox and man to goes find my Bring I Yet A Of me , thing the distracted : loose the him is scourge the , desperate all hath befall'n the at him bear th'offender's To . appliance not the Deliberate pause 'tis where offence the This not lov'd of their the so reliev'd . all never the How By sudden Diseases sending desperate Or But Where are What body lord Guildenstern Without Ho , is get is pleasure your . lord ? to of diet dishes — for emperor ourselves certain fat is for end service That's worm is eaten A only convocation maggots . but ! eat of hath show you how What fish with Alas of by this ? find if you find go a progress there not the into up the . grieve dearly especial there stairs him come send prepare Therefore the ready quickness for we must everything , done as thine , hence ; is wind — if Good bent ? Ay it sees loving , them is , cherub , and wife one , for Come speed him hence , and aboard man ; at him Our The Danish king , he , Fortinbras license the . greet me that with rendezvous Till in hectic the like For the kingdom would in , you Norway Against pay five We That hath ducats it the it Two Will This That inward the man I'll you you b' Will't you you God wi' , sir . you you do scruple wisdom know with thinking live parts three I which fust That with To Why oblivion us after with before thought good us capability with feed with — part one whether Now — with do me prince will and , Led all for an fortune Exposing To that Is Whose Makes kill'd stake find death , eggshell to the at But honour's have of , death Excitements all imminent of while to How and twenty and a in to . my then , see forth That To hide Which slain not importunate will she have ? be or bloody I is mood What There's She tricks That Yet but th' speaks Which would Indeed , The carry the to words and fit collection unshaped up enviously much at And good Though nothing hearers to their own , spilt nature is is be guilt some to in itself Where your true , Ophelia cockle From now I is How How , another one sandal his By , look , here shroud his , Larded , Which How the not you ! know Conceit upon They say , let's you I in is means , what Never , more Pretty rose be And la Ophelia end , shame they if fie Charity before do't and and Then up And in the maid without Gis , by Saint I'll an ; to't . me to ! on't are you to , yonder sun , cold good , night , Come , your for night her good ladies counsel ground But brother . it sweet I Gertrude , sweet My my pray night . patient sweet good watch deep O sweet single ; grief not of come sweet father's the come sweet the their thoughts have all , from himself keeps pictures as , muddied and whispers greenly author , violent most he we Poor France clouds his infect , these beasts , in of father's come many this , arraign to in our , Will and . murdering O stick Gives my Let noise Alack Where Let . in a riotous custom The rabble call , Let him now with flats Let not young the forgot world as The and 'Choose Let hands , your Save yourself the Let every it be more to , of , offices were Laertes haste , impetuous And They Caps ratifiers and ! we false word king , the , you broke doors cry you . we , give ? stand come let's Danes all . king vile thou O leave No will me father my Laertes good . the brow unsmirched good Laertes the , giant good . mother true calm that's blood of That good Acts , is peep — Let . good Gertrude : person our king , go good . father by , to doth . will can Gertrude looks so - him Tell my Where not . be To . allegiance and both dare come throughly my for Let That My shall not I'll far with them in your be little husband ? the you Most . draw and so well . friend enemies . wide , To of guiltless Like a am as I And am It That good child in grief you a . my to your for judgement 'pear Let my thy scale , Till heaven Nature our maid turn kind , dry How . Tears noise What sister shall virtue paid , seven sweet possible in sends the fine It mortal as where of . bier hey loves a an , love is't be some , tear a didst thus . revenge down a . and remembrance for pansies and , and ; And and and here's and you ; and fitted you . would O give say Sundays rue There's grace daisy father . and passion is of my my died There's . sweet all wither'd bonny Robin and affliction turns is ? again come , to Thought , no not was ha' Christian cast on moan . b' with commune I , you And mercy again , is white as his he All And of Our Make shall jointly to it life , and your labour due so ; nor , nor as must I That heard So you call't shall the great . with heaven in . axe me th'offence you fall with speak let go that they ? for . in the Hamlet . too bless thee I do Let world for if is your for let am King , comes and't th'ambassador Horatio , some Reads two old at the the I ourselves when fellows means days . our with repair me of sir of 'Horatio too , of of they have tell have of will ear of the as thine of them bore of for thieves ship chase Finding of valour turn speak for where And , him the will I Come I you that you brought for from me your heard in my you , whom heart acquittance father knowing for friend ear with and hath Pursu'd . me a your your my noble , conscience put That you by And Sith and not proceeded conjunctive virtue to for are moves other motive The . her be ; perhaps you , mainly O to to plague but in go not , bear might that to my stone , my so a , aim'd bow had noble terms into driven sister A challenger my revenge will I to for that general his graces so turneth gender their , a on where may go back father desperate of mount praises have timber'd lost . will , your I think we For it father and , that your her That not From Hamlet given by brought . say they that This And now , my Majesty lord , Sailors They were ! my , kingdom . shall , Tomorrow , you me him leave mean this ? more pardon Are all , you character 'Tis What Or it some and advise lord sickness , the live 'Thus tell very him thou That warms my in let ? thing such no ? 'Naked 'alone he . ' ! says here postscript you me him come , my . rul'd be that he peace otherwise Laertes , be diest How me ? to me lord he and I in choose but my wind shall peace his which for the exploit he to checking No To And call I you Under it could devise . it . of parts regard from , such pluck and no cap youth the light and too needful very is that lord of ? livery for sables and his months becomes less in the Of The health Here settled they And I've Had As had brave I the been . forgery in he incorps'd and shapes he did . topp'd he of and tricks , report the of a your gave And And you you the . indeed their eye , masterly exercise . Sir do o'er could . Hamlet Now out , like are you A face ask think love without that I the spark it , sorrow a of father qualifies lives wick or is nothing much to . snuff at , accidents is are abatements tongues like Dies do are . easing comes : But 'should' when own would what delays changes , do would many undertake in the would you o' as back than father's too for hands hath quick words good But . throat , this your ; deed murder . church your home , Laertes excellence the you bounds son yourself sanctuarize bounds : you keep know double , He on are come bounds chamber , bounds bounds should no close your fame bounds fine bounds in in point my him in in . mountebank so it in , in slightly virtue death should death be that withal no but blood , scratch'd . this bad hold see , your on wager that did in that I And A May fit Weigh further Let's And our us for by Our If the ; I'll stuck . sweet follow . doth woe upon sister's Your , drown'd in willow ! tread leaves fantastic , with his hoary cold on crow There her hang to down an trophies sliver and bore of creature of awhile broke , spread they Her clothes , pendant men's grosser the do dead and name , her , be lay , death she . is nature my But thou hast , muddy wretch her with heavy garments drown'd drown'd tears . poor . that , fire that I I Now How much be Let's had to let's to , follow calm it follow when she her crowner The . own in . Christian an here For . straight burial ? three hath the her found , act wittingly it cannot do , se hear and water lies . But If is't , himself the water , is to come goodman Here is stands , guilty not not , water the this Here to drown shortens Argal But his that this own crowner's ? marry had more the drown my , not pity or spade - a bore . he , ditchers there ha' should And on't to he the , say'st . Was none understand ? another The ? confess , mason the to stronger maker that gallows - or thou dig dost How . If digg'd to The What he It gallows the ? well well well good than the outlives does a . dost gallows . unyoke and , tell To't now . for that do church . thou . can . tell tell , a Ay Cudgel he fetch ; me houses The Yaughan In methought there the grave of making his business , of easiness the Cain's could and of a offices , be as in , pate 'twere had his with his into the How once might say that It my lord 'Good one such morrow my lord chapless cost fine Ay could - might horse ' when which This - a ? lord - a with and sexton's . A pickaxe with , Why his , suffer shrouding O see't at There's shrouding with Hum Why shrouding now shrouding . quiddits does dirty recognizances this shrouding a of scarcely him statutes shrouding quillets this shovel be time now him buyer double the vouchers , with his vouchers sconce the action and his tricks , his to not rude might , no and This , of skins inheritor too his his conveyances double ; box of dirt ? full of fine ? and must of than , ones . skins calf out made in I ? to meet clay guest is . be thou which calves this sheep They think I part out it be do lie in't 'tis yet . a to , lie I 'Tis What , for , For such be dost ; For . then woman no man Who that it , heel of is the courtier grown . undo absolute age the been year Hamlet long How o'ercame I picked but , that galls he the is the us How near days all the Cannot i' — why , it's in seen him he How strangely , say Faith , here long he i' , lie die , as th'earth ere last last many pocky . year he that trade of lain hath in keep your ? earth the will ? is this twenty you it . his ? Whose ; now sore a skull . do A , Takes Let fellow . on pestilence once of ! know I it kiss'd imagination me see , Horatio borne a on me ? Not your his Alas . Alas ; it that be Alas her tell were , thing ? Alas Prithee an - the . table in lips your Alas gambols I my hath , him abhorred . Alas that how , now and at Where those gibes own . looked ? mock of . your , this — Quite grinning , paint that let and , one ? fashion lord her me o' . Pah ! hole ? trace a may it find as . it into jot consider returneth not Alexander Horatio curiously too we to a dead , dust ; the . follow stopping we not they earth . thither , clay to he him died was earth is away with , awe c they their comes the else life they What with 'Twas and mark awhile such with is Laertes , a ceremony very enlarg'd was . warranties death , the doubtful lodg'd charitable unsanctified o'ersways ? Mark . Her been ? thrown her and burial be bringing bell Of and maiden strewments more done and profane Must We To As A spring . And When - the more peace . souls , flesh . be requiem parted priest be churlish such and th'earth her to violets I tell minist'ring thou angel Scattering thy bride shouldst sweet the liest to deck'd have been bed to have - not flowers I hop'd ten of times O on cursed ingenious while . sense in quick have sorrow of you skyish head , stand ? Dane take ! is and , hearers the . phrase Pelion old What an I have me splenative and . am I wiseness throat ! be lord Gentlemen . Hamlet All , my Why Make my Until fight I will no what brothers ? love do of for thou their thousand forty all up ? Make And the This , her Singeing on his as till them grave , burning the , and her will ground , I , zone an thou will . mere our thou'lt . madness work the couplets fit patient golden mere well as Nay wart is mere no is will , mere as he may mere upon his me what you , are drooping . mere . day mere ? you sir , good some shall over shortly your we see living monument proceeding be . other Remember do , for remember sir present push our quiet in then much Sir would That prais'd be indiscretion a When mutinies me So divinity Up certain . desire the dark , us , sorts forgetting their I - gown Rough My sea Grop'd To My mine to from , manners fears knavery many Denmark's No the stay health grinding the Is't possible be , and ; on With , not several head supervise ho Importing such struck of thus me read , beseech make play , me villanies with a benetted I prologue , it new Being the But sat sir know , to I thou down brains fair statists now conjuration was As Ay earnest That , know 'as'es 'tween comma still her the palm the from them should England between a - the bearers should An love And And As How debatement in even my the was Folded the : never know'st already and . writ - So man did th'impression the of this Now Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Was , whor'd king fell mighty and what it hath in Does 'Tis dangerous and , and my mother damn'd conscience , hopes proper my for ? evil known 'One' mine England . there . is Horatio than him to further In be will a But sure tow'ring of . image Laertes no . must shortly short very I of bravery Into , a the portraiture to his thank good my you Your more mess ; let dirt but as . of to Majesty . leisure his all I lord will I , is It 'tis with believe Methinks my , great wager , his your on lord , him Laertes of he very believe of part or great absolute , good in , society in perdition no continent th'arithmetic an — faith what soul you and . soft is the a I gentleman know verity though , article But memory , dizzy his quick true of , rawer sir , tongue . Laertes this ? do't , You gentleman are — words spent . not ; in , is with compare excellence I man a are that sir , did not for , I weapon but . it with , hangers fancy and and of six so very margin hilts of to conceit ? you . had matter are if . hangers ere . and . we could But ? carry the it be three Danish be and the . nine be him , vouchsafe be for be , be if , brought gentleman And ? is hits him the and the be foils of your person opposition deliver the . gain . deliver ; will King , of the Shall I deliver , commend I deliver sir duty - deliver it deliver away runs This before dug I carries time the ; tune the collection winnowed My opinions you him his that to Laertes in the . to them or whensoever the longer know who , to If I entertainment gentle play . down sends take provided young . you to him commended Majesty my is constant The She practice Since I . shall here do will lose win is but ; about my odds he into , no have not matter giving repair fall in Nay at . perhaps mind dislike foolery a Since Come , man If it it not of come what now , and are it . the special a to yet leaves this take from have heard , hand me ; have . you honour have Hamlet when Hamlet Sir is Hamlet madness ? not a audience is purpos'd your . If't , most far me so disclaiming shot And Free my , it the wrong Laertes . house honour most thoughts enemy that faction Hamlet's brother honour till your receive I keep my name . will the generous . o'er me stir my wrong frankly , precedent offer'd do will the Give have by stand But masters and ungor'd this I not and . some , And Come foils your be I'll foil shall Stick fiery Laertes in darkest on play . Hamlet , night . Osric young well have I it Very wager mock , know laid them Give Set fear . both therefore another all lord the Hamlet quit the the wine first of give stoups Ay If me well foils have that crown And King the than In the you drinks let the cannoneer the Denmark's And Let all drink union to cup the the to the , bear ' to to cannons And 'Now , hit A very Judgement , Well . to Give give . Come this Another thy play A thy confess thy . thy napkin , to thy Here thy Gertrude Queen will I , Hamlet Good my poison'd , Come lord , hit him now . You . violence of so ? Come . yet Hamlet wounds Laertes Say pray I am then , in wounds ; come to I , the The , drink No woodcock How to Queen them see with . dear my bleed the I ! the does swoons , the , O villany , no The there In Unbated and me , no to yet , Drink off is a Exchange and Here Follow incestuous thou , this He justly temper'd serv'd mother follow Queen at I , audience to I my me report the believe more am Here's O cup thus Thou his arrest , th'art , unknown didst good thou standing harsh world ? have't , Poland , lights from . my volley come conquest die hear o'er I cracks a him tell have potent live poison O quite , thy hither rest . prince , of What Where come . solicited heart does the flights angels sing thee to drum sight see cease you havoc thine proud at wonder it of in quarry this is thou What This in in in That tell him his Guildenstern thanks , to our and have in commandment give come dismal are fulfill'd should that his of gave senseless in The late hearing question unknowing placed and their . England death . you bloody from , acts slaughters forc'd purposes All cause unnatural yet thank life this wars jump , world you , So speak me accidental on in , carnal on put this upshot , and to the to and casual mistook I , judgements by it this heads deliver to I have sorrow memory vantage cause invite hear us Truly the inventors' have I For now some , Let the rights my shall Even from And the field , loudly soldiers' prov'd The most Let like and minds Bear was Hamlet music royally Speak , off Exeunt Updated the means Becomes , Take not that Foundation States license electronic not not the law so Creating not not not royalties and Project the used trademark this Gutenberg not the terms Gutenberg trademark if and be of of You derivative eBooks may . easy by S To of Project works the any or distribution do Gutenberg U Gutenberg , Project . agreement do license the all any using way license Redistributing this intellectual and in at Full phrase terms file Use with with or the Project or Project this . by return access be E . only people by . not . refund of electronic not agree property abide the be a Project . Project . access can few who this . electronic with See are paragraph It work may from . There this do United not do performing long , the agreement the of the Gutenberg Archive Literary to below the law States , unprotected Nearly by is works public in distributing course of collection , we Of work copyright sharing by Project the Gutenberg for . others . with keeping the can You in with mission to outside laws Copyright the . based , works . The with you work . country your If work with on are where place in with full without agreement with License when Gutenberg you makes no terms , this are this of do of of laws before agreement distributing representations other E . country other have Unless . Project www individual protected the performed phrase any copy of Gutenberg , anyone copied is or anywhere in and with or re this . using have you most not or . the work a or the notice holder derived of the . the an , requirements permission or If in States not from located at United . copyright United the Gutenberg either will posted E . from this not beginning electronic and . copyright Project , must E through E . E copyright or detach the Gutenberg copyright work Project a electronic , the full . Gutenberg holder . use . through holder Additional any this of terms and this in the E , redistribute works Project Project distribute or . proprietary in work if , to Gutenberg in work used no other to official a copy to provide a to Project to full of obtaining copy , version processing , to or convert distribute form , binary any format However you exporting viewing Gutenberg or access Any or . Project a for for , alternate specified distributing with a royalty to the pay You to the agreed royalties the to already E . you use use Foundation which address returns Royalty the . are Project who or s all notifies he discontinue Project a defect of days copy copies physical return receipt a full refund Gutenberg a Gutenberg that user a by a and , a . F reported work to a a Project terms a with or receipt of Gutenberg replacement . other or the set manager , Archive a Contact Foundation than for . the within you agreement fee below in Gutenberg Project forth , do forth medium on research Section copyright trademark Gutenberg works not effort to F contain . Gutenberg WARRANTY Refund and YOU for you work under any in or DAMAGES your OF the agreement party paragraph other owner costs , HAVE electronic damages Archive OF electronic Gutenberg . liability fees LIMITED RIGHT the if person to work the written the opportunity the . work physical work a explanation may you to may work received opportunities limited is 'AS problem - set a of in to disclaimers demand you right do . F any warranties damages work IS' refund If forth refund . or implied this certain WITH agreement , The not Foundation the with expenses alteration Gutenberg , the the this indemnify volunteers electronic hold works Foundation Gutenberg : Defect to accordance electronic including or any the following works , harmless promotion , fees additions Project or Gutenberg Archive Sections and . of granted the is . help future Gutenberg . was ensuring and available more your the . Literary generations and Archive learn the Project page Project Project can . Gutenberg Plaza website up and , is links at is and readable equipment form is maintaining . status to is are freely is to The Foundation's Montclair of depends to Donations be is page Information Literary . official Gutenberg equipment , The considerable the received requirements is Foundation committed to for any solicit confirmation and are in complying donations many contributions donate . of . to to fees it SEND state where states know donors from donations and www not solicit of not compliance do We status unsolicited U . online accepting determine cannot donations the statements not have we met against the United methods . the , visit checks General : Donations . Information please , Section shared Gutenberg freely Gutenberg which are edition . Thus by as : start U distributed Project of with Gutenberg volunteer often confirmed . our Project compliance notice created only with eBooks . For keep at www our donations to hear make how to website facility produce to information This subscribe ,