, Stand Who's He . and Barnardo most thanks sick . come much Not For upon to cold bed thee and my of this am twelve struck now 'Tis you rivals Well , them . this watch think I O Barnardo Horatio Say . good farewell Barnardo has you liegemen And is good thing . there what of piece . again entreated I have A nothing seen let , but 'tis dreaded Therefore have belief minutes will With approve sight this And let He Touching apparition eyes 'twill , not awhile so , Peace ; scholar a , King like speak harrows me It would spoke with it , Question be warlike night of buried form thee speak it Denmark charge of that ? In which See offended away By thou with majesty heaven ! thee ! believe look and more ! this King and you something You answer pale ! like very it had on ! avouch ! ice combated . an angry sensible the Is Without not In twice So and Polacks when , once he frown'd sledded hath of scope and what This he and strict daily subject and implements of the this haste , cannon war whose that , not divide impress might that joint toward the can foreign Why make be such So why now goes to King , us . inform night the prick'd whisper Who That as the know , most which known side , At , least image of ; by but you Was is't the this so For by our the competent same as of Fortinbras King which life to had , cov'nant , conqueror , resolutes lawless , of skirts Hath Did Well he slay His in been he Had Was carriage mettle Now the which , Norway list a the Of Hamlet which some full young , preparations I state , to , design'd Fortinbras , there , unimproved up For ; of compulsatory Is So Of may it - this The post That Well through the state Julius mightiest is is armed was it trouble graves A mote and watch our it haste his father lost motive In stood and The As Did with whose of in and the sheeted empire doomsday of with almost squeak trains the Roman dews on . blood ; fierce moist fates the together . climatures earth preceding harbingers the to Neptune's coming omen precurse ! it like the , star streets and and me . to me , illusion again , demonstrated Stay of ! still prologue Have Extorted Or treasure in , to me avoid , be grace . Speak any may thou there If cross , speak uphoarded O happily If to do ease to , to done life , in Shall Speak ! it with if 'Tis here being so of , violence gone show . crew . majestical , air ! It , Upon a started vain about was And is offer 'Tis wrong it , confine , To as blows invulnerable mockery , speak fearful that , malicious cock the the sounding his at . when summons , in of made probation season of , shrill trumpet is day fire To Th'extravagant object the , dare planets long , strike abroad , cock truth power the believe do gracious hath celebrated the 'gainst is witch . birth then is in yon we life advice , time clad mantle by fitting . duty this most and , for up watch impart , As Do you in shall , I our him my tonight upon will loves find we I yet Laertes , him pray nature woe befitted , do't shall Voltemand , dear whole , our , remembrance wisest in and brow with discretion and . state warlike one dirge defeated , queen ourselves of of on jointress sometime with so Yet one mirth To Therefore be our bear To That think , joy barr'd , brother's out not to our . wife to Th'imperial we With In With With Now Holding thinking be of us with message , much this Fortinbras here meeting law lands for him . dear you follows Our Colleagued hath Lost our for ourself valiant , is business and father He bearers and to Giving For you we dispatch scope duty writ have scarcely in the our . your duty . the what's nothing things ? more , you , thou not to wouldst the news is't the to offer more native the thy Dane with . heart thy mouth to father ? France though What I to Dread willingly came to ; Denmark , beg , Laertes of throne is shall That You your voice the hand Than To now I confess And bow wishes in , lord me my pardon says , to whence thoughts you Have Take best now I do beseech I your By will Laertes it at time hard my him give you fair , than son will be thy and , you ? Hamlet spend my He hath , wrung his Upon , it thy thine , am , the , my And . cousin and less on i' kind thy , on the . thy . thy too Hamlet look noble father much thy thy eye thy , all the a thy ever cast , with like thy in lives dust , thy . eternity that nature it If so thy madam is particular it ! seems , my customary windy all they But are can within a suits seem , which , your father nature of show ; a bound ; is condolement , grief some your , for . duties to , obsequious 'Tis . sorrow course persevere father man survivor , Hamlet . father lost But a heaven unmanly most know simple , thing peevish opposition as ; heaven is , must most will what Take a stubbornness mind sense unschool'd and vulgar our a , unfortified For Why against should fault absurd a fault throw think pray still hath to Fie ? heart To the be so From of the dead and nobility bears his son intent to , us world you to no most for let to Wittenberg your , desire to prayers go thee I going impart toward to most courtier , my us her ; stay mother Why as ourself a shall not pray Sits the I with Denmark all my to clouds the No But Thaw great - Or canon His How 'gainst gentle and in Denmark health King's that , to Oh resolve and that it — grows Fie all . that come gross flat uses 'tis and unweeded dew fix'd ! this ! the , stale fie That king satyr should of nay so loving of winds and : garden would into a God — month him name ! mother hang would , roughly ; dead to That Possess might excellent two That to seed merely a was my Heaven she . tears all ! With not me it if on , beast A on't increase Why ; of Frailty , to . earth woman grown on post ! incestuous galled , sheets to tongue . to eyes my with married no of to Ere Had It break But Hail nor it speed a month tears , lordship wicked , such She left dexterity flushing the married With heart . not , is for , am to your Horatio , with you ? lord your hear know affair I of ear , enemy own Elsinore you ? are no depart . report that say truant in see came drink your truster , from , violence . so my I you make Against To We'll But teach what . father's your fellow mother's wedding upon student - hard meats . heaven Horatio father ; Did Indeed ever I thrift had I Would My Or coldly furnish forth the marriage , in goodly was for upon him he mind's — eye see methinks all . not your his again . I king . I think saw ? I my My attent the This For Upon Season The an I God's marvel to these a I their hear deliver . I father . father had these gentlemen on pie your , walk'd , eyes surprised with gentlemen , father he , march : the to night they had dreadful In his them I And Where thus Goes Form , Almost Within their oppress'd length not the in and . him impart , kept they But The of , deliver'd made platform yet it lord did it up you Itself as lifted made like watch speak : cock in strange sight true 'tis , writ did As And 'Tis Indeed , from the then at , you and , know in BARNARDO you . tonight but do Hold indeed you of it honour'd our very ? say top . head from to lord , From you me . toe Both my not his , frowningly he My lord , my lord Then yes in beaver up . or ? anger in hundred long a Stay'd haste longer and Longer when Not saw't might much had constantly would It , His one While , was it tell . his , pray noble peace itself I , again . tonight watch well visit eleven honour fare tongue , gape father's silence tonight should conceal'd So to you tenable have you Let as duty doubt all Though My Your foul my to night : would : play sit some I mine you . arms in still the My , convoy let you . the Hold , do that doubt and fashion youth of hear you and suppliance sweet of minute hear nature primy , perfume permanent hear ; hear , is In hear thews and For hear bulk . Perhaps Grows Forward Think it No not nature For He for sanctity wide inward service of the not more crescent The ; health voice Unto Carve the wisdom if he loves ; for As fits is he for for Than Then If you , unmaster'd his To your main for to says place no for for treasure of , the , and he Then your in loss your chaste rear heart of his weigh too ear deed particular act may is and the chariest unmask itself canker Virtue If The The And liquid dew youth . desire dear sister , spring moon enough of then And shot it 'scapes galls : prodigal the of safety though good this shall to the me Do watchman I steep and thorny reckless libertine dalliance fear near lesson way to not my . of his me own fear But upon blessing Occasion long , here double . for your , shame my of blessing There is wind . in ? Aboard in thy thou precepts . character stay'd Laertes And for The , here thou unto hast , aboard shoulder the leave ; sail . sits few thy thou them new - unproportion'd any thy not Of each Give And Look Nor these Those thy man's every But habit man But Of For in most both itself be : in lender best proclaims ; as express'd ear may beware few thy . the rank chief and the thine edge borrower oft follow canst And above Thou For And apparel a a dulls : borrowing nor of select France the loses then take Farewell Ophelia you invites I said , be blessing my lord true husbandry . of to own as your , my go and . my false to do , in thee . remember tend , my What , leave , key , shall And in yourself 'Tis , you , is't private , of Have So it that If behoves way in your time You , affection Give me Lord on . honour . call . made the many . and — and to his you do Marry have teach pay tenders think them a circumstance should like you ? baby , poor dearly , as such , Or lord My fashion Ay That are I hath given to lord , do prodigal almost Ay , And With countenance the Giving When their must take for as , I fire than : how , my go ; it may all holy heaven go to . of , know time this From . a a is it , woodcocks blazes these few In tether he he walk rate maiden making ; may of suits , young higher entreatments a with Set Be You your much And scanter at your of that . brokers , show forth : time Hamlet all . leisure their for they investments , bawds this , any with ; or you slander charge you shall terms This moment your ways . you it is the you . you my you lord . eager now and nipping an very you cold . of struck . not spirit What this it the It wont my takes season , upspring and , Keeps doth wake drains King wassail he triumph his of And Is it Ay am native bray of lord . and east revel ; headed breach the tax'd and , west custom : at indeed particular in reason , that too complexion o'erleavens men , as one these not of cannot some , addition our our From for in Or of From that in infinite , manners much of them , evil doubt , us ! damn'd of and ministers of health grace comes goblin blasts , dram of scandal own his Doth my Look To the the , spirit with , com'st Thou I Let That wicked royal ; burst to a from , or charitable , tell , in but thee call O hearsed marble quietly . or or defend answer , ignorance . in speak not saw Hamlet why questionable the death me ! nature should ? Wherefore ? why thoughts Making Have Why To thou Say As It So horridly hideous Revisit'st is It you you ground it . removed courteous some alone you Look waves And for my me . I'll flood again can it be a forth toward you his as lord fear pin's fee ; cliff , of into sea into I'll , It still roar follow thee , it reason of Think ? madness your draw Without so your hands go you off on it not . not my , him I'll to with fit waxes ; Have To after Let's Something Heaven follow ? lead I'll go no further Mark me will Speak flames . come , me I and . unfold serious ! ghost shall lend but , what poor I of in term to in father's my foul a for the I hear hearing to done the tell burnt day certain for am ? spirit shalt , when walk the thou What my of tale up Till and each soul stars combined , father ! on young blood . not God didst flesh quills particular word part end house freeze whose But . prison that away from start the hair eternal and his most foul Murder But this know't Revenge thou of If , or May duller And Wouldst thou out so , that in this ease thee apt than in sleeping Now on be thou of thy sting rots given Rankly serpent abus'd A ; a me stung Now O Ay With Mine The by that wears my ! most seeming , of , wit to The So witchcraft his incestuous prophetic with gifts that his love hand off virtuous there with of was a in falling were it ; celestial bed the garbage on Sleeping scent itself it in radiant decline queen the heaven link'd morning orchard stole afternoon hour always angel air of that and poor be pour , mov'd , my uncle ; in whose effect hand : courses man did blood of it it droppings So bark'd , it Denmark of thee horrible imperfections ! horrible for Let all Unhous'led crown , blossoms at once sin ; contrive unanel'd account . horrible ! incest her heaven , What fire thee nor and damned act soul uneffectual ! adieu pale adieu Adieu And glow Against But And you me poor Yea In thou my couple all prick And To to The shows the to , hell host 'gins heaven O this wipe , globe brain live , a , my , Hold . while . trivial forms observation thy And All I'll ghost , saws Unmix'd That At one villain O and all the from books uncle , is My O It may am Within . Lord lord I , adieu and My Within So So it . bird ? my , O my my , I Nor How , I then But , by HORATIO you Ay , a But , grave the all , it . think , Denmark my . man from the i' are ghost You as it and hath ; that , so hold as every right To my , he's an : part part point hands come — words you heartily faith my and desire Yes they wild ; my , pray shall you , desire poor heartily lord this let me that , too offence your , It is As much an you friends one , as And These to is , request poor lord . have We tonight . ghost Patrick honest For me what will not we you ? and lord , is't HORATIO MARCELLUS swear't faith . indeed stage , have We boy on fellow you Come ha the to Consent hear oath Propose , truepenny there . my seen . the in Art thou so ? thou you Swear again that by of Then we'll gentlemen have to speak hither , my heard good my you Swear Swear et lay Beneath Hic And ! Once night pioner and Canst mole old , dreamt more as , Here Well are A stranger in things How Than heaven wondrous th'earth . welcome , work ! it , bear I soe'er put Or 'Well strange are O , thus , antic , 'We this not note if if doubtful 'There be and on — we to most . Swear you and you That know speak' before arms we As or commend . gentlemen is . me So , help I lack out fingers do spirit as go , do need mercy grace do , That God And still shall t'express what not of Nay money this Before Give , good , did it . My said I wisely behaviour visit Of do You well And how Marry What this know as Than do who marvellous , well what at , company And As Take — friends , well may , mean he if't him , very my you ' , but be so Ay know you mark demands particular your , lord very knowledge you question . it , and him' his distant this Reynaldo on of , As sir 'And , youth liberty and ; wild heed and , ' and drinking Ay , or , Quarrelling that You go , him usual known , put may no he is it in . swearing far . to breathe his on would season you The the dishonour may : taints blood , faults charge so him incontinency fiery . you should know this ? quaintly mind open but may meaning must not That flash and seem a unreclaimed in outbreak of of here's soil'd little a believe , 'twere As thing these sir Ay A And Marry , I fetch on my son , sound , assur'd ; the , be ' or of seen i' th' , or — or , or addition . my this or country lord to say consequence this in you with closes He 'friend or . and to so According good was I , mass the By or At in so you with gaming there and yesterday or him or , then There was 'I There brothel him he closes saw takes carp See of of reach perchance in's ; 'I consequence' the say to At or forth , say former You me , tennis' so . indirections By So Videlicet falling out And My lord inclination . and I fare you , Observe music in my his Good shall my you wi' b' And Well , him . other , purport knocking had horrors been look , with And as Ungart'red No Lord lord With Alas so Pale , as I so , down Mad What so , thy but said I , so took other such wrist so ? for so lord know he the his length last would he — it As At And length And He length length end length go out seem'd length being length He his did seem done his without his on . eyes without went his find last me violent as our to him any hard under I . as have to his given letters access repel lord good did ; am His that That hath . him It meant to wreck . is thee seems lack quoted sorry . and but jealousy the close grief be More To known discretion This must , we we th'exterior it sending have much dear . to did Hamlet's Since Resembles More much transformation that Welcome The Our need that What the call you . gather our humour , remedy him glean may within much hath to as , open'd aught on little you That That To sure whom As For to show more much your adheres gentry and not of , of , us men will time shall the fits visitation supply expend And am gentlemen Good Might lay be ourselves you have hope our the Your Put by here . to entreaty service To you gentlemen our Pleasant helpful , you visit Rosencrantz gentle to some Hamlet amen of joyfully good . lord . him to Ay . And to my duty ? Assure King , as as , news father the as lord still you else do I fruit the that do admittance as The as O news My as and do tells source is and our , bring to , shall grace to of and them be sweet o'erhasty him ! sift death I doubt father's brother out my what shall from we head but marriage main . His Well . out griev'd obeys fine , Norway of from against your more impotence , arrests Polack the to uncle overcome employ , thousand , before crowns sends sickness Highness ; his so On Fortinbras Receives his . soldiers : to for it , safety are entreaty dominions regards and . is together , and night but day should to waste is limbs , of is . is expostulate madam well to , time duty liege nothing majesty since be Therefore What is't matter , Madam he , I . true will at 'tis . true all ; defect effect . this this . art , Perpend . cause remainder whilst is by mine beautified most , now is but a phrase : my , from Came this Hamlet to have I love be are move , to hear shall her be ; it art ; is believe , fire doth sun the stay thou that never I . the Ophelia . dear As But All out more And my by hath she think a of you As What fain evermore This above whilst , lady his me and , solicitings his faithful you what and faithful receiv'd hot , you that , faithful work did with or here thus faithful And must my my had would When faithful I Before the me I what desk No , then receive faithful ' mistress messengers she done Admit This Which , no herself And prince love , table you , I : star weakness , gave resort from I of thy , sight my a a this , round went , I out . be 'Lord And , That Thence Into a she , of then — took tale . now a such Hath there been , said prov'd know so this Take from this time I That all may When positively think you , this Within You hours truth circumstances How Where to four . indeed were will find the then . thereon him , love the further the it try we may walks the lobby indeed state . the not try where the I Away no the We will , comes both me leave . good you - God , How . poor , give Lord Well . my beseech wretch reading . O presently do does a , mercy fishmonger . know You Do sir , lord is picked . dead true would Honest as ? lord . my you I , to good lord her if the That's very thousand in carrion a to't , Still . sun said was . youth again — much extremity for lord What you gone , suffered . me words What the , Aside ? first th' i' not walk Friend , look my . Yet . daughter very far is love my read ? men grey and , as sir I that they not honesty there crab , powerfully lack eyes amber you a to it thus wit thick , satirical slave says their plentiful like sometimes reason pregnant his ? my you sir Though this be it I , believe yourself you , walk A except My honourable , take life my my . How of hits . of , him leave my which him I and old tedious go the These sir You You Polonius seek to lord honoured . My . Ah how dost . most children lads God sir is ! save My you there ; lord How , Guildenstern button , do earth of thou the over very . of in or she about , my of the Then live soles the Nor Faith O Fortune None her ? Then Fortune Prison near goodly one which in think being one so We , What that there you is it . to ; world are makes it , and is , is one . wards , dungeons . confines o' it ambition , Why I dreams 'tis then God thinking the a but it not , of for me 'tis too narrow either a nutshell To a bounded , in for dream light a a monarchs and outstretch'd . you with upon to bodies are beggars' Truly dream ambition shadow's so and and a , th' and what lord my ; even , you visit the such an beggars matter shadows Then Shall we wait We'll way of honest sort you , Come too thanks But . purpose to confession enough , What with your it that beaten justly , no other ; speak . sent not you . halfpenny in it a dear me own inclining should ? anything we the know teach , must then . I of What what be , say , by more what what what the what even for eye Guildenstern youth conjure me . love and what lord ; but to late what exercises what will ; indeed the majestical earth your I goodly appears . Nay frame canopy the , seems look with golden , a . off why know so all custom of have that , it ; o'erhanging promontory disposition action of this of delights 'Man said such delights animals apprehension no stuff ; to , say seem not . work to excellent no a paragon an What in like faculties in , piece Man And yet nor so me admirable god : a like me no smiling I , neither woman to , then if you did my hither king the shall welcome , in when was you are receive , man you use coming you . knight make ; gratis say you it wont to for't , her shall shall be to whose end Majesty blank the foil — his his of the Are Even clown shall those and the think they Do I city was their hold profit they No comes , it ? little , endeavour pace These their the , children are aerie , not but grow when the was the are ? can . quills cry in they Do they most afraid are pursue afterwards like sin there no poet and to , no in money them Will players writers to maintains than 'em exclaim they better on both sides succession — do the cuffs . too load uncle carry much possible . nation it do at hundred is , make would is there this in out apiece it than . little could forty his about throwing of , twenty is father are welcome is you extent like my lest this Gentlemen , appurtenance north - but north outward should uncle the and more But , of garb . are welcome you - baby Guildenstern In aunt ? I lord . hearer old each of out to a child ; time there with handsaw the southerly is wind When from hawk , second and them it . I I an . yet his swaddling tell to morning players Mark . lord buzz hither , the , actors to lord have My Buzz Rome you have for a Monday actor in . on — history , Plautus are men - tragical the hadst thou . the , my Israel had — 'One he liberty of Jephthah - pastoral . of cannot be historical in actors best The which lord ? Jephthah well daughter love no loved , and my on Still passing more , follows , Why by follows , Jephthah . Nay and first The , welcome of It row came pious lot you most , as ? lord my God will abridgement to as As the chanson I For as to , like as , wot glad Denmark , pass as , then as welcome by We'll as straight Come cracked all welcome , be not see last thee cracked . mistress , good and are cracked last ! O my thou cracked you are , caviare whose cracked cunning heard above the cracked thee to judgements well matter , matters scenes matter , no said the it I received the or acted not — as with of as , the set , no top pleased and it million others , modesty wholesome in thereabout One fine . it , let and sallets in cried , but remember as as , method of — me , If see lines an the see begins resemble to horridly daughters complexion with tale handsome of Priam's Pyrrhus : in it let live it your me and did , purpose his as this more total , with gules dread and in : and Black When black heraldry rugged couched dismal . fathers he Pyrrhus and the and tyrannous , foot horse he lay With and spoken carbuncles , trick'd damned Pyrrhus and and good and discretion falls , with Rebellious Pyrrhus Striking to arm Greeks finds . sword hideous head i' declining Pyrrhus' to 'Fore my , well , Unequal it sword sword blow , match'd lies where blow his Repugnant at this and whiff Stoops So reverend was base blow will Pyrrhus milky with , of rage strikes fell blow thunder pause blow , still , blow , stood painted a neutral , But silence The as did the bold Of we in death speechless and and against nothing anon new proof All her fiends the away Cyclops' , wheel , eterne fall hammers a the vengeance sets him falls synod nave the This the less forg'd strumpet armour Mars's On Out And out Break , thou spokes as too long , of power ; 'The He's for good 'Mobled down . diadem the A Where her bisson barefoot up and Run That's and of fear caught up steep'd . sport limbs , tears , her in venom pronounc'd then . in's all , the were better are his rest ? and have you them Would Unless the in , you And made things , have passion turn'd has where well your used see for I , whipping , Use more less should , man , sirs . The desert . merit ? 'scape bodikin My own a play them . Take and to Use bounty desert . and you . a speech The We'll in your study down , which is the Follow hear You my not I lines Ay , him mock insert you leave in't , Elsinore . dozen or Rosencrantz till ha't We'll sixteen Follow night and well . are welcome I ! alone his in Now I passion suiting nothing he whole , conceit or ? Hecuba he With That it Is what not fiction monstrous and wi' am ye that dream am , here own aspect all her for him What to in's visage his to distraction the cue free , life Yet ? I tears ? cause a coward ? throat it gall cannot be pigeon am I should lungs gives blows my in the , property No ears . lie for : Who my across a I . Am of , dreams - me pate and nothing should oppression , fatted bitter made was defeat it ! villain bawdy , lecherous , the ere it take But Tweaks me deep ! To I Ha Remorseless , treacherous what and lack , kindless ! dear heaven unpack ! I ! a drab heart very ! tongue sitting at cunning proclaim'd it though have have so most fall scullion my creatures murder For , cursing - of malefactions their the the guilty by very . a have tent my course quick . If looks ; power devil murder the the . relative . As me a devil something miraculous . like . to of but and melancholy the I . blench seen grounds perhaps I'll of conscience this than of his all puts on this weakness shape , yea such the the no confess he , of lunacy distracted circumstance drift Get And harshly he by you can turbulent he crafty keeps be days on will feels find does He like much But we Did Of bring madness true receive disposition of a him , joy we , order court already pastime told players your me matter Majesties inclin'd me 'Tis play And play To , as . They him in play to play think it I night play , they This hear and see play most so delights edge . play . these a him on my lord , closely us sent . judge behav'd no , the hope happy wonted his part wildness your I shall he obey him honours be you thus of If't be gather That th'affliction for Ophelia walk , you of — To — here . Gracious may so , again , please it , Ophelia oft , We such that exercise . on colour o'er . too we The action prov'd . that , to not my O to ugly Aside 'tis O my : sleep to — to thousand consummation we end shocks say . question . that , is to be arrows take to , be To The Or more The , That For To No That flesh ache . To the a , heir and and sleep to dream makes bear so and the , the would wrong dispriz'd merit office these fardels the man's delay , contumely spurns make quietus and , might Who a from puzzles would the respect of scorns the of takes his , have ? life of not we will whose the , country , Nymph Nymph , Nymph . I now you No Nymph , pray Nymph lord know compos'd breath well . Nymph , deliver . have , them so aught receive them the givers . mind , did sweet prove lord ? fair you That if you be beauty lordship you honest have to fair power of honest for bawd means Are ? sooner , now honesty with from gives beauty but transform translate honesty my , and Could truly . was This . likeness into stock me relish believed we , did paradox better sometime deceived loved sinners . so . our . once can it more I believe I than the a thou be you , and earth . crawling shape beck of old inoculate at my , believe your , home should better my in them . Where's I yet wouldst the more had was mother ; honest nunnery him O the doors marry sweet ways thy Go to the nowhere ? father may but ! escape of . hath what . as go too . well thou marry To creatures , and , him restore enough God wantonness I and one you nunnery a married are You too monsters I'll , know pure nunnery a thou If fool have face , live shall will courtier's O , soldier's and the more , Go rest of the , the quite form fashion all , fair state wretched , sword vows , all but ! keep , most mould noble to no a mind , And I , the and and ecstasy have . most of tongue , and music feature O seen seen what bells form not lack'd way . blown out of ladies of Now I That His . spake O'er And variable neglected shall he Thus danger , it you thus believe think . beating , him grief do What . heart ? on't you said expel with our and matter the For of But what lord from The do and How . love well objects something his in settled This origin shall heard But fit It send be fit so him let yet as so , plac'd be it need fit not tell neglected if queen . Sprung all you their , his his all fit And show My it fit do please ear fit entreat , where fit . in be find him not with round wisdom fit best think must go confine , air the you me to torrent very players to had do many it do trippingly you passion a , tear inexplicable avoid whipped but pated - such robustious it of periwig all of smoothness tongue beget the speech , smoothness you mouth smoothness . whirlwind discretion action modesty let the smoothness so Suit Be most very hear and smoothness , as , noise . smoothness overdone is was and the , scorn cannot this , the her pressure laugh and the make overdone very anything . to be . special the but allowance to speak I that — there highly be nor the gait have the I that it one , in must ; for tutor your this at both with age or , abominably with indifferently have , imitated the praise nor neither that of , a now , and , and as hold to . Now own image unskilful , that of of O the the censure of , altogether is some had , accent us your them . and , made no that spectators the play , to play barren make it , and Go lord piece hear fool in laugh themselves And Will Queen meantime necessary villainous . this and my ? that , ROSENCRANTZ , lord sweet Here ho , my thou my Nay what not be flatter'd ? of , withal , spirits good pomp hear her the should the but lick poor finger - blessed well buffets Fortune's for pipe are not a so suffers that , Fortune's equal are for of man with one Hath In To sound Hast passion's stop what she tonight and play a when mine Observe It tonight As For stithy my tonight Vulcan's I Do tonight a And is will censure of tonight In we eyes mine after And damned tonight 'scape detecting whilst his both as are rivet to his judgements ; guilt speech foul in unkennel ghost that imaginations If And march . are They i' promise crammed . To answer this - faith flourish How , and lord Julius th'university , I What you I . players upon stay to of me . did my was Hamlet , more by . you Lady No good hither ; O . King To mean your . legs between thought , lap . lord nothing matters ? lord lie country . Who You - how only That's What . merry . father died , I lord be two merry . may memory , O Nay your cheerfully maker jig on , hobby - a the hope long you sables with a Nay ? there's horse churches two months my for suffer not O O he yet Then But he takes a in comes down him embracing and her him . is , his and Queen lovingly of neck , returns Queen crown She The Poisoner gifts his accepts , in and the King . comes Lays Queen unto dead . leaves him in King's a fellow and , Poisoner dead . dead unwilling Mutes lord dead but passionate The , again in dead . dead mischief of ; my ? means this tell you to you keep ? to it what naught for our tragedy the counsel show . means tell shame show know not any Is , play . clemency your to , stooping , are hearing posy sheen ground the beg brief As dozen and hath times thirty Full And world have Tellus' , lord of . gone orbed . our hands , Since salt thirty me most twelve count cheer women's In So Neptune's with thirties Hymen moons the is far So Now But Unite many us is the , and my again journeys from , so are fear made , of I extremity siz'd powers And what my fears , Faith operant And For , in their shalt Honour'd this my , kind — fair you . in rest thou haply love , in doubts proof aught , love , great love great I My , and the second who let needs kill thrift in dead kisses husband time ; of love . move , tree sticks we marriage but The instances that second think slave mellow , be oft memory break my I second A joy a question our world That violent fruit ourselves passion The revels with yet . flies fortune else on love , loves man makes strange love his or you advanc'd hitherto And in For But orderly want seasons and 'tis For Where joys Whether The And Directly needs down for grieves , on 'tis prove , his lack fortune friends doth a friend : begun , An Sport earth But Our and To nor night , it face be and light is lord dead , of none are husband our ends overthrown wed own heaven their , thoughts to die If that I anchor's desperation opposite Each give cheer my , food , lasting joy , me of my hope and Both Meet deeply sworn . hence have prison sleep . I me spirits between you too like brain mischance us , here beguile in't play , methinks word world . image offence keep offence ; no the not . that : a Baptista th' Let his , are King . us touches , piece free a Vienna anon and I The murder shall see we ; in Mousetrap majesty , is This gall'd 'tis is Tropically done ; souls knavish name work of unwrung good are one You black , the raven . if keen . see the . puppets damnable . magic , doth , faces Thoughts With Hecate's rank hands you mistake your apt , of blasted midnight no else begin and , drugs , thrice of Italian Gonzago shall . estate ban On Thou mixture natural life for's love Give fares the is , Give Lights All lights . Away . For must The let , Would get Turk sir some , and a two , players . share , here dear Damon dismantled and now was I one , my sir . me a me fortunes , O for O , Why if belike Come , then , a king music . you . history me the recorders whole , Ay he , lord , word a ? him King in his retirement what marvellous with signify — sir , some affair the plunge . this perhaps more far me . breed do mother's will , this commandment ; not my make , courtesy a to my , lord me business . the shall not affliction spirit , I of . of If of answer mother — What make shall answer you a . but . matter say But . hath her sequel struck as , you But you any , amazement such my , say Have . mother ten still We obey My these with in stonish of admiration . do your distemper of deny pickers ere you with , her our us trade do I your , have succession when door How , while grass the — grows in lack you . as , me but recorders to recover the , the . the voice the well not I lord — can be if Let sir me my this , Will me I no know cannot love too upon you . that understand do My 'Tis But to as , cannot it of of would thing to ! the top pluck . I with lord my , it mouth a you your , with lying as easy music breath it command skill these harmony do you this you will am though that's speak Queen God me much is you you me , you ; mystery ; now on there to know , fret ? speak music from my excellent what instrument . I little think you a you see , the lord Do cloud is like to . by come and I by Very Or Methinks like camel a the mass , backed like a a a — bent mother . by and me Leave — top me . the by to . fool By give words somever day of time as , firm the my mother blood hot nature business to drink itself night , soul to enter thy now ; let not ever . this but be soul , shent hypocrites unnatural use safe stands , not him madness your range nor Therefore forthwith our near to he let terms My tongue my seals like I in How To commission . his To live Most To With The Dies near not alone it summit ten huge the . mortis'd Are Did Arm you Attends For lord 'Tis Since speech The To And as meet of And call that some upon tell my , ere dear you partial well . heaven upon't not , sharp curse to — hand the begin heavens , bound first shall business sweet , I'll come this twofold to foul , I , Forgive may retain did I corrupted the be since which Forgive ambition currents of so ourselves the prize world Forgive this by wicked seen . nature teeth rests lies itself Forgive above ; not it Forgive What . when it the what Try To Yet Forgive In his give what O Art O forehead not 'tis the can state soul engag'd knees ; stubborn as ! heart ! Make repent death struggling What O of soft be the that for send not : strings born with new - well babe steel may And . my reveng'd do't I villain father this is and , who full father , grossly , and of knows of thought , No : heaven reveng'd his more a of soul I And his circumstance and take With And hell goes it prolongs advances My as may salvation in't sickly stays . heaven my to My Words up thoughts Look have without , to to . e'en home , with him . offended much thy you tongue tongue idle . a hast have father matter much thou , with my , go What's You are by the matter forgot you question ? Go And You come then and Come , till do the inmost ho ? not you up a glass not ? speak . you that can . of You , shall budge ! slain am I Draws ducat ? dead help . Behind me , O what ? know . not A a , brother , deed a as bad his . farewell ! down — with a kill and , thee wring custom and have your hands of Thou I let find'st Thou thy busy so it so ; I shall love the modesty , innocent of off blush takes , there of oaths dicers' forehead body from The As sets fair blister as a virtue That The a grace front on of See here That Yea so Look counterfeit upon this , like A and a form the seem lighted every To what Hyperion's eye to assurance Look , brother wholesome This a like was curls Mercury threaten A station New An And ? cannot on did to of now mildew'd judgement ? was't ? your , what you that thrall'd of sight ? ecstacy ne'er What - hands feeling Or ? Eyes serve thus without not Could Ears ? without reserv'd it But Is waits hey Would That so mope canst fire virtue hell Rebellious . cozen'd such you not could hath difference , apoplex'd sense in Nor And When O . burn . actively shame feeling , thou melt matron's Proclaim no , doth own compulsive frost Hamlet itself ardour there will corruption no Hamlet , daggers speak rank Nay And , eyes see turn'st Thou of the tithe love , pocket in vice mine in Stew'd These No That from of slave A and and rule wings patches of put And What shreds o'er hover me mad his , figure — king your with your you heavenly and Save Alas but and and in her and , not time and The That laps'd important Is But Conceit and is is't your , spirits hold peep and ? lady fighting . Hamlet bodies to with bend your stand flame do to how cool Sprinkle — in gentle stones you thy , the son like an cause capable Would stern them him and Lest true tears what . the up , the end Whereon Then effects want with Nothing Do make His form conjoin'd this on you all at Will My ourselves it ! away perchance I have . is ? steals hear that . as he the your of coinage very This very even creation in is , temperately grace which of your to love me Bring music ! bodiless is ecstasy , madness time . Ecstasy . cunning pulse have keep soul speaks , within my , Mother I Would To will but . unction from not your away thou Yea O Hamlet and Virtue For do Whilst rank Infects make the purer go Of He who you doth eat , livery fair yet of , is all have , good easiness angel a a abstinence shall that the throw And That And change the next Refrain . The the . be devil can are blessing I'll this night , lord bles'd good , or of tonight custom use either aptly use is be punish repent with their and hath answer good minister it , but . with , so same throw stamp heaven almost next Once desirous you must I I bad be bestow , So be kind . remains to heaven must What shall do lady again and only heaven , bid this scourge heaven : I I this heaven do gave heaven will well behind , and , and I more good you call ? that , pair his again , begins by let who For this wanton Or in paddock hide Unpeg dear basket That you , a bat do madness him sober good , concernings from 'Twere queen , mad that's from but of the the top ape , breath , and sense No Would a Such on famous creep that life neck I said you me forgot had , hast life thou Be to ? my concluded know on and : have , schoolfellows , most their O , the will 'Tis Alack trust mandate to sweep adders my as set the mines . one , I me 'tis his I But with the seal'd letters marshal will , most crafts yard to sport delve own They And For knavery enginer below work it Let . blow When still the in , Come we . good one line two neighbour , toward a with , you end prating . matter the sea lord Bestow Whips in is What , and wind something rat apprehension good seen . fit both his 'A had you , shall been His liberty O arras his It , to restrain'd whose of ' kills old deed us is full ! man a , heavy unseen , brainish feed he foul , disease was out to deed us laid . this kept man the it of pith Even would like apart a pure of weeps very mineral . whom O'er of his the of madness Where . divulging of life of Gertrude O must and — majesty and this the of our no The from of is body of like , countenance Hamlet mother's closet join hath you ship He And his speak mean wisest haste slain , touch mountains sooner in out we'll done whisper chapel Go Gertrude Whose , let what's level his is My , the o'er as Transports And the And of discord stowed do , Hamlet GUILDENSTERN and , our miss O woundless to cannon the As Within ? What noise Who my it thence , body . it chapel take here ? Hamlet . calls , lord on What and where ? kin , that mine not replication Take ; you lord my service the rewards to of son Besides . by his in jaw first have you , you what best countenance again . understand glad I is A but us King lord body , the speech my lord not A nothing to me to Bring sent the dangerous is we and fox ! my him Hide to that him Yet so their on of in 'tis the . lov'd it seek must their th'offender's but and ! even , him body . law strong this find goes multitude judgement the put And never all him He's not man bear desperate How he where get is the Without my , body ? in where's , Guildenstern Bring ! Hamlet Now supper is , worm is Where your and us he at eats e'en lean fat . eaten . A certain for for convocation diet — we ? Your is variable that , hath eat alas hath that by of thou you dost how to to show , th'other Send i' lobby as But nose Attendants place . If . seek him till stay this month thither . see yourself Hamlet Which we thou is bark , With ready , tend The For Th'associates that see a cherub flesh mother man him . and . man . for ! England is wife seal'd is Tempt , else , on th'affair I'll everything Pray have love thereof . with hence and you for Delay him at raw and red — haste , aught , effect at awe , mayst thou which conjuring to it he not imports rages 'tis know his You Majesty express duty would . conveyance from cure , know kingdom his a promis'd know And I our Go softly . his , whose They on my lord commands Poland How Goes The sir , with I a no five but patch ? and speak it , Polack and sold name . ground Pole . and ducats . in to , for and farm it will be Norway , yield in will A To We Truly and That go it already much and and the souls no wealth That Yes it , Why inward breaks of and sir little lord you , a my before , straw thousand . time , you with good made chief occasions and that That us To If , precisely And , ever I parts coward — will say , not know , not large such , craven , part , prince and and , or whether and godlike capability Now th'event one it be means and but dare great a great and and tender unsure invisible such mass , as and to gross and without eggshell an that what with Witness Led Whose their for let Go the Which That When like a But Is not the father stake at have Excitements of twenty and beds ? slain the To And all sleep , is bloody , the of men thousand trick , My not graves be thoughts Whereon hide She world straws , her speaks it aim their there unhappily and be thought may gestures own doth of use sense and Her hems father have ? hears doubt move yield them , breeding minds strew , at they , ill Dangerous carry . half but The And Yet words nods yet sure winks good as hearers she toy Let her So It How jealousy seems Each of to is artless love ? Where How And his one and song pray and gone staff imports another , you He Say By lady Nay and you sweet Alas He Nay Pray as the mountain snow White here is head , shroud mark you , a — sweet look , Larded his his At heels At but ! you God , are Which know do you - to bewept With the this say means say They but what all How of , let's And at betime window maid the morning Valentine day what your at daughter be this , Saint in rose your is Tomorrow , clothes , a . by I'll Charity Saint Never in By Alack do't to , they tumbled ! end make maid fie are . yonder by to you promis'd You So would she hath How An be long thou well would him i' . cannot But I My , my coach Come . shall night thus cold . night I , counsel th' hadst We be your her the they close of weep , And so to , good , sweet been ? choose good ladies ; spies ; it slain , springs ; single father most the and First remove ; not you father's son Polonius' in your own from For Thick good hugger Next and death ; and him containing and which mugger Her her inter his as is , keeps his buzzers to , the herself we necessity pestilent Last and or mere , death And Without Divided Will to Like In wants his ? guard door , Gertrude person of Feeds , lord impetuous head them is noise what Gives superfluous this matter . offices the ratifiers as , cry 'Choose and , begin him , every custom The world Antiquity Save The young Laertes flats ocean Than forgot Eats O'erbears the with , riotous but to , dogs lord word known ' clouds . Danes — The How , and on , They we ! Laertes it king 'Laertes hands this , is , I me Laertes leave king . will we the my thank . my between , unsmirched the . vile me blood my That you true , father the the cause true . man Speak thus There's go true to fear would so Do not Laertes person — true : true Gertrude our like , me Tell him true . by to not be his incens'd his will of little . my him Let is demand And Who Most My my They Let That and damnation the will to writ friend certainty Laertes Good desire you you dear . so . husband stay means shall If go well them I'll death , the , enemies them life kind ope blood then , revenge in , foe and ? loser and , pelican , it for judgement . come to level as Within As her grief . speak and Let . day Why them with wide , out now ! paid by mine seven 'pear in times , eye , life 'tis and an . sweet where love turn , heaven Till O Dear heavens , madness mortal in the old young rose salt , hey fine man's precious thing on instance as as It and revenge thus move didst persuade , a down O and daughter more This wheel 'Down , not call matter his . you ; and here's love . thoughts pray false And you hell itself and to o' . end good when it , There's fitted Sundays rue and thoughts father . give he you daisy died of Robin , and to not not he come come again dead bed again will thy no come his snow gone was cast moan . white . soul pray away he again , poll - never His is on I his as ? must souls hear commune see I me right judge or collateral by you . is this life , Do And us our , and Go but apart friends 'twixt with you will all due jointly lend labour so , you choice they Be To you content shall call , us that we , be , nor formal hatchment . not if To in it Let trophy His find If Our by your ours to with give ; call't . axe to — earth heaven — with fall question from 'twere let go speak they And rite , I That to No , Cry must So I pray you you shall great ? you . with have what not , Sailors What are letters say for world the Lord , be . us were for have They letter these give sir let got to sail pirate too so But let the Let them good me chase , when that , th'ambassador let Let him . for Horatio from . let fellows valour of the bore thine let . mercy old means Reads . let thieves , alone . their they they I sent . they yet wouldst good they are I , they I their . fellows course they prisoner On did have have they they have thee bring they will for too am ; death letters the have King matter Guildenstern for brought your , thine Farewell England : seal must Now give way you these ear , whom in with a conscience your my appears so . Pursu'd hath he have , put which me must heard safety You yet to may to me by My Which But for , are ; and seem special perhaps , his mother him , go bear motive , their not in gender , that dipping to so or virtue , slightly reverted loud , aim'd to I again wind , my to , other his The stone , again the all of my mount a I may on , where so And not have into so be let are worth Whose For That And Too timber'd for so my bow them lost . stuff and will hope , You beard danger and come revenge praises . you love shall shortly ? lord from news . Queen now my Majesty This How ; to Hamlet the dull flat to Hamlet they me lord him brought He receiv'd them . imagine not them . us Leave Of you , Laertes They mighty Tomorrow . 'High first asking I know to on of rest . the ; them I my naked . your ? thing ' . such come back him let lord character he postscript 'Tis am That I shall warms in a it my sickness , ' teeth . come — so it If , will As No the an As My rather You been And The they in talk'd falls , shine you say not together did As Did . my him , regard for such Your . organ the of It that Wherein unworthiest very unworthiest is livery no of , sum unworthiest cap the that , siege pluck unworthiest that one ? youth less it wears becomes , unworthiest his age health unworthiest Importing was , well in't to seen Here on gentleman and A Than And Had they As been in short . So , gallant this but months since , seat my Lamord , brave the such witchcraft . He grew unto brooch thought demi - A Upon The well of all . gem you exercise in your be most masterly you indeed indeed their sight , The report of , report . That And art and he one you Did had such a out o'er to sudden he of , Now them you out cried could Hamlet , my lord to ? you play nothing envy this his — of this do envenom Sir , of with , of painting a father him . a sorrow , this out What Or I know and very that or wick is lives A goodness For his We we And kind think ask not is passages it ; th'ulcer are a hands ; That still , time proof . sigh spendthrift many accidents , it : do 'would' this changes sanctuarize home excellence come your know keep bounds . chamber , ease , together : remiss fine fame the a from ; father sword . my mountebank in cataplasm blood but I that dip it , death , rare so knife that a . do't And I mortal it So this this think blast a When in your back or proof think wager motion he make did think ha't We'll A If think think ! think a better 'Twere I As calls bouts more your in , venom'd ? Queen upon sister's drown'd O aslant the in a she glassy . but stuck , another's there heel Your sweet ! doth where grows hoary There flowers , her brook weeping - Which creature of weedy . her awhile . element Till that Unto much Drown'd then . death wretch a her , she is drown'd . poor But yet Ophelia , calm ! blaze my lord these custom water therefore our will speech have a be trick will my her . When , nature ; it out what much How will to . again rage ; to do , Christian therefore and , it make in and on sat be finds she , unless she thee be to I How can , her salvation ? The . is that drowned cannot Why 'tis argues else , it do herself but act myself drown is . to I It Nay Here mark go man , drowns not this good ; drown , goodman delver , will good gentlewoman ancient is hold they no themselves great Christian not pity . grave my buried spade There arms have she , folk . that . should Adam's a or : up arms understand dost . Why bore How Adam . Could me purpose the he thyself none I'll Scripture , the shipwright carpenter outlives either the confess ? put may gallows ill to how dost But . thou . a ? carpenter or tell and unyoke , shipwright , mason stronger than faith those to thee that do the , his that I . it about Yaughan houses and more no ; fellow no methought the I when youth Has 'Tis e'en this But me into been sing , of never had could Cain's and a politician that such land , How did knave first the now ? How that not dost it about an breeding on't but we and , revolution the think more ; Here's cost Mine ? no chapless . Lady . bones 'em and a spade , guest For pickaxe and with Did loggets A shrouding pit a is clay . be sheet spade ? his the of action , about lawyer Where be tricks sconce , and dirt The ; box , and , made Not a of of - seek and , this sheep speak Ay are They to and my lord calves not Is which — of such be it I my guest , do guest to . mine the guest you guest for guest . not 'tis liest guest thine . neither buried . she's thou taken How years toe by but must speak , that his ? three , but I long . the of dead but . have peasant — but soul but but Lord , We , but ! i' was was ? why was he Ay because not he , tell born , marry mad be 'Twill Faith e'en How not strangely have what sexton and boy , thirty ? he before you pocky , nine the man . with ? he you as will have . here been Upon a be his great eight nowadays , your tann'd is years hath sore another tanner , last ? now skull hide Why lie i' . skull we year keep the it with than more . it know , Nay This . mad fellow's him on pestilence once for same Let me a . his skull This E'en a thousand times hath in abhorred set lips I , of and of ! is it imagination borne fellow Alas to how ? that Alas Alas , infinite gorge flashes one this my Alas back kiss'd your get , thou Alas Horatio lady's Alexander Alas , tell to merriment at jest . tell own Here Make your her my ? her it that come chamber she looked me and thing let grinning chop ? this lord uses of o' lord find But . jot to a noble base the what dust And my is was ; bung imagination trace hole . we not , they earth away wind kept t'expel , Caesar and returneth To , likelihood buried make O Might stop a earth wall soft their Here Queen ; aside a hole dead and to winter's ; of stop a dust as . dust the beer that that maimed , that patch Should turn'd keep loam to ! but King the such life they which Couch a ceremony What Laertes courtiers it Fordo The corse own we awhile mark some of estate . home the her trumpet , Of strewments is should warranties we have As Yet flints ground For allowed no more , the obsequies Her . command , be , th'earth sage sing And from Lay peace profane No there and - requiem more souls done . of her dead the done . to such . deck'd have have the liest flowers I thought liest Fall ten times treble - liest bride What When shouldst And liest A liest Scattering wicked I hop'd liest not of off most to been strew'd that ingenious her caught old Pelion deed thy more mountain dust o'ertop grief . skyish a woe and have the this To Depriv'd Till a blue such Conjures wand'ring emphasis is wonder wounded What Bears The devil take This ? them of he whose whose and well from something fear am Thou I have Yet prithee Like Grappling Hamlet them wiseness I let Hamlet dangerous ! For Which though thy me not All . Gentlemen this upon . him with theme do love thou theme what wag Good quiet ? thou'lt what 'Swounds up Woul't Be weep my he To do't fight , is show outface woul't I'll Woul't . with ! mad forbear to let the against wart woul't . till and her mouth zone them . mountains , Nay well woul't madness , thou'lt an burning buried Millions woul't ? leaping . is awhile thus When woul't thou acres us woul't on . thou as on a , will I will golden This will as like Ossa Make I'll as that silence drooping me is do himself ever the is I pray cat lov'd Hercules reason . what His her it . have no matter ? will upon — your we be . let ; me circumstance all the patience to the put Gertrude This Good sir my kind fighting of mutinies my in , do Till An was there than would much lord the it Remember for Rough a plots sometime our we for . that and ; divinity heart not Sir That prais'd us sleep And it them indiscretion the , I know us shapes , There's That hew do the Worse be rashness Our deep When from about ; had in desire Horatio command found , manners Finger'd I to gown Their them My sea . certain them Up commission fears My Oh That them With Larded ! on with them royal Is't the , no axe them , unseal to them did read me you I it I hear ho the My , beseech wilt benetted the , I could begun a as our . much labour'd and commission fair , make , fair me my prologue round A How I , They Being , wrote now know King my , effect yeoman's ; but , it wrote , flourish wear palm the her between them , was still might , that , Wilt lord , death less of know like a stand And He many view the was seal'd . sudden more 'as'es 'tween tributary amities , contents , faithful conjuration his from wheaten their charge of or , time That on Not signet and Thou fight th'impression that was further bearers put to allow'd form , the of model know'st it to't man , Was our insinuation defeat employment to and baser . known : up in what Guildenstern changeling to the day sequent of the plac'd this , Does by the it Why He that Does not , they did near their mighty own grow . now hopes life damn'd , to come nature is't is't for such let be What It short the — proper not not and th'election canker is The more sorry very life's shortly to from 'One' see . England our business mine say Horatio , interim than . the evil I forgot good ; him . favours put ? who right welcome . did , me comes of of Peace thank you is know lord , to know . be chough of a lord but of , good . to Your I is stand I receive it to you lordship 'tis your thank state the , were from thing his lord his the lord , 'tis for diligence ; Put impart should I . to the hot very all It ; his your you remember is . bade sultry sultry indifferent it it me is , soft — my very , in an is the he has tell I matter you — that . to — for good , him of in dizzy perdition you sail of ease very speak you extolment him inventorially definement and , his find respect rareness Sir shall in come to , faith differences him believe , mine ; court the his quick make a in part great gentleman , full of what continent he society and , I else in our more , gentleman . him , his more . verity the in and yet semblable sir , do't of of his of great diction umbrage and his nothing , infallibly wrap ? rawer . Of sir spent ? will golden him — Laertes ? is His imports empty not Well . faith Laertes , compare , not that should to unfellowed were with laid on him , by in is did excellence ; in , approve sir ; You would you a man know in ; lest sir I confess know his in , has are faith their which The , delicate very , hath take , That's two I hangers be carriages , King I The sides . be german might French till the carriages against would , by margin the the knew must , dear , What would six carriages , you , The I this , it if hangers , are , sir . him , And , the vouchsafe trial , is gentleman the . no your person in it . with in hall answer if a sir not it breathing , I King time , not , To I here day the , lord the Let it can . I to after , me of will and effect sir ; there , himself he tongues Shall I commend my , I that the with This which , tune of the the opinions lapwing runs turn Yours commend his head . the most ; their brings , are and yeasty fanned encounter the the shell age through Osric pleasure his kind the dotes on . be and The fitness The now him that you play now is , constant hold to King ready Queen In desires now now not She you now time play . happy You lose to now to entertainment instructs wager at do well thou is But continual ill would not to . come giving - it . odds such my heart it but if man now . a and I fit special come aught be perhaps dislike is trouble obey a say you are not done . as , take gentleman is't what this I you are pardon't Hamlet your How This Since now it If be Come Give pardon distraction . was proclaim I , I himself ? faction Hamlet needs have so exception wrong ; you a must knows might awake am I That Who does it wrong'd , your nature here not madness wrong ta'en Never , madness be ; thoughts nature my this I That have in in of His my my is from a audience purpos'd evil most in the generous house far so me stand elder , But masters precedent honour that me time love ungor'd revenge am case , most offer'd darkest offer'd th' skill Give And be shall Stick offer'd star off like foil , me offer'd night offer'd ignorance play offer'd indeed sir . mine for one Come Your me , a mock fiery your well foils You hand this by , young Osric therefore , I lord have see another . wine . both . that good . me give first to an four successive ordnance their answer quit Let The than crown let In stoups the drink of to the Give of the my of , the , King cannons And of Richer you 'Now of shall in Hamlet If King of of my , on . sir Come . a , pearl very is thine very . the health very say very thy ; very very . my a , bout cup hit ? awhile first set it touch Come son shall win rub , scant thy madam Aside , my I fortune , by and . me Hamlet . By is . it wipe . with you am for Aside . Come , I'll hit think't . Come ? so Say Nothing afeard pray I I you Have they wounds , but Laertes make . you you on They you to you , Look Hamlet you Why as treachery , you ! lord ho , my ? own mine see swoons woodcock How sides . How ? my , the ! villany No O no , Queen ! drink drink Ho The drink ! It Treachery it slain . lock'd poison'd the Seek the not half The hand art : door be lie practice , blame poison'd . work thy Then . instrument . Lo mother's King's . I am . here Dane . thy Is . potion and Treason I can O , off this incestuous me . venom OSRIC . Here noble forgiveness is It Mine and with poison me . upon Hamlet . is by damned my , murderous . this Wretched and , thee on . himself . a . cause it report liv'st Thou more Never believe Roman than . I'll liquor Here's his — mutes but But I in Had am the O Give To this And To world harsh didst thus go ; live thy heart . Dane a unknown Horatio th'art , Heaven by wounded story come from . draw , cannot So Young To poison O live hear occurrents rest solicited him with , conquest England . crows th'election the o'er warlike of The thee the angels . sing hither to drum Good come of noble The potent Fortinbras , has England , thy ? is you wonder havoc princes at eternal shot cell death . proud . fulfill'd late hearing dead The should commandment should ; too us , England question thank their upon wars give that . to our is thanks bloody , death you hear about to be things Polack gave it Had You since , so life are . for commandment of and these acts , jump the th'ability Not from his arriv'd stage let And never from But He , a me on inventors' Truly For And Let to call have I some noblest sorrow of claim to Of , the put judgements , and slaughters heads hear And me Fall'n on us now I mouth rights that his But To men's let same minds Bear plots are be shall this while Of For have soldiers' music royally ; have also and will lest . mischance happen errors The the , the off Becomes bearing the shot the bodies , off . the no law and license the be trademark trademark charge and . used Gutenberg you this , works may copies and may royalties so means Special electronic and permission a United and and a and , license . for , and by U do Gutenberg . of and terms of works to for eBook be the . S . practically easy this use eBook especially Gutenberg and modified copyright mission way promoting Project Gutenberg Full to Gutenberg Project understand part you , electronic must do this all agreement copyright terms by trademark possession terms . and work , you General www . of Terms reading indicate terms of using that If the a copy abide , this intellectual by your do may a electronic work way most future paragraph . or electronic Project in Foundation agreement that and electronic . PGLAF Gutenberg below to collection an If creating to removed on copying from Gutenberg derivative right displaying claim States or the electronic in free access name Gutenberg support by . agreement this are you located The Gutenberg you will in is the , Of mission of the agreement with terms works with that comply what can copyright change work without place with others in most are you are to this , performing , States United License countries in keeping laws where of this country , downloading your derivative the country or distributing the The before agreement representations E E immediate prominently . you D . in state work than concerning other . access on . This . the of are . not If that it . S with distributed of Gutenberg located included , before U is and copied posted . the , with work or by Project . copyright be to appearing requirements the or without you License . States gutenberg you an notice texts country where individual electronic work the you If charges . Gutenberg any the . copyright work or or or of this copyright . holder copyright imposed unlink beginning Do E terms not display detach any remove work . with without , or part Project full a Gutenberg . of . E this binary Project the work this . electronic of any including provide in in used if proprietary , Gutenberg work format no , or Project Project Gutenberg However License the website cost copy its or or fee , the format a Plain viewing , to Project Gutenberg . must in work exporting a official a . form Vanilla on a of specified as form , alternate for fee a comply you performing . the . other version org obtaining , upon other copying not ASCII . E the already each Foundation royalties Archive Literary prepare Project calculate your date on Royalty sent be Royalty the to and clearly to the . which tax the donations Gutenberg of Gutenberg taxes calculated you profits trademark , must to . derive The applicable Project as under this your money any of refund Information as of days donate as Archive Gutenberg legally should Section all in for as provide accordance work is , use . You as the License Literary be as a by to the mail a by . all Gutenberg refund the writing of Project distribute obtain Foundation the , different Archive to a Gutenberg on works . Project of distribution you wish this forth . do volunteers Contact and employees law , may copyright these which . trademark electronic set are F below . on you , Literary Gutenberg Project Project infringement property , Replacement Refund computer a virus as and , corrupt Defects works Gutenberg not electronic works contain . Gutenberg . YOU YOU for work , NO HAVE this , disclaim a the for codes or or computer , described DISCLAIMER , other REPLACEMENT within OF of you person money work FOR REFUND , legal REMEDIES can you medium the If a you a , you If it from provided sending by . you writing in set or demand lieu replacement a entity in the . forth , refund second copy If WITH - problem may right fix the may to provided the law agreement . of applicable state and not invalidity or the anyone the or the the Foundation Foundation works the of this production following electronic accordance trademark - with which Project Defect any that arise you additions Project works in about you middle the aged the widest free hundreds of of . new and volunteers the volunteers provide walks support of by with readable , old is formats and they that Volunteers remain financial people efforts in critical to to Gutenberg to come to permanent Foundation generations provide was Gutenberg Project collection Gutenberg's and donations will the with Project . In about Project the reaching and www the laws the Internal - profit Project Foundation . secure Project Project . Project . Literary permitted , Project Gutenberg org Literary Project about - Email found Project at at full federal status of up Foundation's the the Foundation . carry and Many . to cannot . www depends and public domain readable important with maintaining . IRS - machine status of official information can contact Information number support including are where have . or effort Foundation to , equipment charitable Compliance requirements not gutenberg fees not complying with donations small widest the exempt laws a and donations to uniform the outdated United keep locations in meet takes particular any states from . but accepted . our donation for in number staff card payments www online Donations Project check . statements approach and concerning with from , donate . the donations . electronic could years , produced he are loose that network are credit org Project be are of in included are paper are PG search . with . edition notice is are support with often not only which Project Gutenberg . has to newsletter including Foundation Most how to make , our