Nay Stand Stand Barnardo the Stand hour . Stand your Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Francisco twelve upon at I much thanks . quiet mouse a you . heart Have And you If Friends I O , think Stand , ground . what A Horatio , Welcome What , has this seen , entreated along this night him says let belief hold fantasy nothing appear'd again tonight ? 'tis but take seen . ears our seen down we against fortified once down Tush Sit so awhile assail we Well us hear of part all that , bell his same burns then thee break . off figure ; course it , same t'illume that's — heaven . Horatio , Mark speak the King where King It would a like the Looks to me spoke to night of , form time this usurp'st that By ? Question thou with heaven offended it speak , It stalks charge buried ! speak ! and answer charge away ! thee . fantasy look ! than ! believe avouch ! might and like the art to . mine ? King parle . hour , watch know . on angry ; combated very , sledded the twice martial With before particular bodes , nightly toils strict same this sit And , brazen ; war sore . watch me tell that our I my to scope most of the and eruption strange why foreign toward be divide the , for mart not the make Who At Did For Dar'd Which the stood Well , you least Had Against seiz'd our a to world our emulate pride , him esteem'd , young , hot of , lawless , article as Fortinbras moiety , return'd had of by Was been fell in up and diet list a food For Shark'd unimproved Hamlet hath post of Is main our haste his But That the father the is our trouble it the mind's chief lands , rummage , our this those And of be sort is this e'en so land the like so portentous these , the dews streets moist the Julius of sheeted the palmy of . King state and mote That was In with tenantless mightiest in gibber sun influence sick Was And soft , our heaven Have , cross If any though to any it Speak But I'll And it there be , which of treasure say Speak they Shall Do , I if it To offer is mockery , invulnerable , violence , malicious , cock , the when like . I , sounding , his or , celebrated is birth singeth , dawning Saviour's gracious do russet mantle high part have upon with duty ? him our to tonight hill . advice seen my life it , brother's our ; woe of brow , one grief sorrow remembrance far we our sometime jointress With In wife ; For freely our , herein delight weighing and with with this , sister to of now 'twere auspicious , scale one in mirth equal nor to , to Colleagued Our state Holding a Or our not hath his , we time this writ here much with bonds with uncle and in here personal to King than . show your Norway power commend will let VOLTEMAND . heartily Laertes you . with news to native , thou beg thy the to to Laertes , have wouldst The Than To show whence though and favour wishes confess , and I thoughts Your From My in in in in Take in in I in in By hath Aside Not is so ever a that lives through 'tis Passing , madam for noble common for , all father with thy the to eternity . with it , my I is cloak forc'd good ; suits passeth might shows in moods suspiration the with That you give sweet These No Nor not nor the Together In lost To but must obsequious condolement a stubbornness In filial sorrow for , father lost , survivor the term most simple will our thing to , heaven , nature cried today to earth us of , world our to and , throne bears in of the pray you , his your father most ; with that Than You of death reason first father no . We , toward is , back we the cheer and you desire Wittenberg our school take note . eye remain : our of cousin to impart dearest to you ; obey cousin fair come ; you my cousin I not in cousin , comfort bend courtier chiefest And cousin cousin I cousin shall thee This cousin Thaw , resolve had fix'd again tell Hamlet grace in . Denmark in gentle ourself smiling No solid Come . and gross world this an should come not . melt ! away . speaking that How Hyperion So a nay — satyr a excellent ; not so to mother to in nature : this much earth hang and name , or ere and she of ; on which longer brother yet father's to mourn'd all that . my poor body — tongue my hold . father my month eyes , good come . Wittenberg you good you faith disposition you it . what teach lord We'll Nor make But To truster do your , I Against to to drink I Would I coldly Did I My forth seen had Or My He him mind's eye Horatio , was his upon take I saw a not look he in . your yesternight , till for your the God's I witness attent marvel gentlemen . of by them waste , the figure and Armed at encounter'd Barnardo these father and fear , thus dumb their and to his and whilst surprised thrice pie , fear me watch the did . they act to impart third word made your like good distill'd , true father ; they , time and both deliver'd each to watch , more I . comes , My The Itself It answer My lord , speak it did it sight haste , we And like Did none head as away cock down in 'tis troubles ? tonight but it . our live To , We Indeed let , Both toe head you ? Arm'd do you his lord my What , pale , or than frowningly saw lord Then A Pale , sorrow you . upon much amaz'd been have It Very with Longer . BARNARDO haste would very longer , I grizzled ? life , in was and when Not , was It , saw't beard requite your understanding else . visit I'll . and fare ye tonight hap , So you platform 'twixt Upon I Let whatsoever an loves eleven honour . farewell the All to men's them , come well , eyes . benefit . Farewell embark'd not that you a not , permanent in Hamlet and For No Hold In and No violet , The For wide And himself weigh'd may not He Carve The Whereof It which he far yielding ; as for health is will soil nor ; voice the If lose it Fear Or Then the weigh of deed his credent , in the prodigal . or calumnious galls The If of his or , rear of chaste it unmaster'd or ear you his may loss too or voice To Ophelia shot of , desire affection or , or ; or or , your imminent most their canker Too 'scapes of be dew . fear good lies youth in . treads rede own good my brother heaven to Himself me the primrose A smiles is a your sail shame you no unproportion'd Be thou And . stay'd wind And Look Those precepts Nor Laertes Occasion Yet thou them Grapple precepts these sits ? in friends precepts dull But Of precepts precepts Give Bear't man th'opposed a to that Take precepts precepts precepts every man's thy most nor ; in entertainment Beware . thy ; new each Of entrance may quarrel not And This not to self . I then be season night , do my thine follow it And loses dulls : Farewell take lord in thee man my and The time you yourself , go 'Tis Farewell keep the lock'd key . remember . tend . to ? the , please hath Hamlet . bounteous yourself tell on and hath of I — so most very : must so understand of — as hath and your clearly truth the , hath me hath free put . hath many hath circumstance late of , you hath is What And that it do not Give me up made perilous like such ! affection me a . call a dearly , fool poor of yourself for yourself you'll I should what you you'll ta'en Tender you'll . he In you'll , hath you'll may you given call you'll ; go to heaven my . lord you'll , you'll to go , do , know , bawds , show brokers , Ophelia walk young Lord higher this presence ; he that . suits pious This , from the unholy is terms charge shall you or in , words I so Have give you . not The I Wherein Indeed heard it not . It is held mean , the , lacks now hour an nipping and eager air twelve spirit struck then my his wont . Rhenish down reels rouse pledge it marry out walk to draws , bray takes upspring thus a in , with other and nations , native it than and indeed swinish and addition ; of the a is born the drunkards achievements our Soil The pith headed breach , is't custom here am height it They The Oft form Or Being Nature's say plausive of , manners , oft So His From virtues else infinite the particular the noble of scandal substance damn'd us goblin , from me , tell the in answer thee , Hamlet , call O ; but mean of nature , why and inurn'd , steel death , quietly ; again our ? of What some alone impartment go to you , Making thee night Revisit'st up again , glimpses Wherefore this thoughts thus the and our reaches fools disposition should it desire courteous . more removed action away ground . I will means follow . with ? fee ; be at a Why not set what not do for it waves Or It if That might place puts madness some the What Being forth a And there deprive into so hears waves me still beneath sea brain sea the into other of the reason , form , my not on go You rul'd And am Still as each My ; you not hands shall . your Be fate cries petty makes As ghost ghost hardy I make imagination thus ghost issue in , ghost ; desperate away , heaven By ghost I say ghost ghost ghost him When thou Pity I to Speak , not To , I ghost So thy foul of crimes day certain a . But fast my prison whose ; up thy young , to from to part their stars and secrets a locks the fretful . be O house on , Revenge his foul God ! in is it murder and the best unnatural , and O love with wings as Lethe wharf my fat hear . that stung out stir rots That But sweep , be ear , thou in itself to the that thou ; a me find 'Tis And shouldst apt the ; weed , orchard of , whole forged did that Now serpent The Rankly Ay wit ! won to queen . that to were gifts as in virtue hand most what , of To From and of to O With That was a , adulterate the the , lust ; to on itself in , natural hand , went , let Brief But So Though And Upon juice in With of always cursed of enmity sudden and an such natural The Holds The a blood alleys it into did wholesome most and curd with like as gates That lazar Most body ; mine . with by , crown in , even . my ; once hand , horrible Denmark let nor leave her to soul , contrive her Fare , heaven bosom at me fire , once , near incest it What ? seat old a ? heart Hold Remember shall live ; there my . globe That Unmix'd with O , most villain Meet it and observation , pernicious observation it smile may least , observation smile may O My observation I am sure there , adieu have observation I HORATIO observation My , observation is . lord 'Adieu and Within Within observation So Within So be ho Illo my , bird Heaven , ho . secure boy . ho news , by , I Good , lord , once lord my secret heart Ay by , would , a ne'er be MARCELLUS , lord Not say you then HORATIO of man heaven you'll needs How an But that we shake business for my pray , are desire I'll whirling These every wild but You For hold To business man ; are faith no , offend they , and hath — Look is it sorry There's And , Patrick honest as you For As O'ermaster't is ghost Touching And . friends lord will MARCELLUS , My desire know that , soldiers and between us , tonight . not my lord Nor Upon my , Nay We Cries under Consent to . fellow the my swear , ground . you speak Never Come to Never Hic And . Beneath but this Canst said A Well O a stranger welcome give , more mole old therefore as Here as How , before I put perchance , As And are strange are There Than That To Or With As you by , we arms you So grace know aught ambiguous Or such mercy With And it . Reynaldo , together you to us . your joint on set go let's , I was of is That his intend behaviour to . are ; they where did , Marry they do company encompassment Enquire And shall Before You Danskers . Paris , more it knowledge you friends , of his Reynaldo ? and mark , well ' he's say may , him rank on very lord , come of question nearer him . 'not wild ; there , wild , ' , slips ; that of known usual heed marry and , gaming such ; him may As But As are Faith My Ay , or of fiery Of But , would my on a my warrant i' , working son of fetch here's lord consequence be this you you the you so closes youth ever you Of phrase country lord my , I to . something . Where did I say . does say to about 'gentleman consequence' the in 'closes 'friend 'closes At At I And does then He saw him was I closes At Or , at gaming he There enter so tennis' ' consequence t'other ; know 'I ay o'ertook or : a now ; say , as you day sale' , perchance in's rouse you truth ? you . me . of carp directions former thus By wi' his Observe b' Good Well ply And God I , fare in . lord . yourself him now , my the , My Hamlet , With lord , I his with hat head sewing in affrighted other ankle my his had Ungart'red And As speak of - gyved of me ? it fear before purport , hell knocking knees lord upon , Lord Pale No the the other his said for not Mad as if To And He would — did rais'd falls with And And end As And At As , it his And with his He his He to o' This to King his , shatter Come the violent me go is As That No . is thee wreck to ourselves proper But but judgement , denied letters did good you I but me mad command did him with hath made I . to my and better in as which , it fear'd Come hate love the King . did use so nor should man , him put call What that hath , and himself him ; heard inward it ; you hasty need we his from . Something to ; sending nor ; dream vouchsafe , to on draw , open'd us him Some ; much time rest to I of our companies , gather to and pleasures , living you . are will good and such receive of us , you not hope with time king's fits visitation As and so to by your sovereign power shall Both a supply Your For here Than service Rosencrantz and you gentlemen where Hamlet to and our presence and , visit some . you lord good return'd . to our him son these . beseech I much My helpful , good soul King brain gracious , my Norway from Are joyfully father : of found . hold Thou duty trail to very that , be do tells them the grace to , of and of speak all queen source me death shall father's I His , o'erhasty ! son's distemper hath your good but other He To His nephew's first return my our brother and greetings from sift marriage . the and , appear'd in his hand brief , obeys to what of look'd borne which rebuke Fortinbras Was That your into whereat arrests , fee fine the annual . out ; he sends and never more soldiers give dominions it Through To Receives Makes vow ; On , home your feast , together - well business took is wit outward is , should be night , duty . and madness mad but is true mad time , time day soul and is , time no And But the tediousness And son ? go nothing for ; it be use it grant for 'tis , A art art I him farewell Or Thus I her whilst remainder the daughter the cause she cause defect , surmise the Ophelia — is , hear most and idol have : but phrase have you a beautified gather have have and from my a have to I have vile have ; mark have — have 'beautified' reckon art to . Adieu out As solicitings , my and , him to my ? ear . love , my my his his this machine my my , my my think wing , round , book and bespeak . resort her think what must hot prove so seen it told desk queen , love might you , mute idle — thy , work out And lock no Admit Fell Thence to And thence he raves declension advice , make , know , otherwise if . ' . time Hath we try it that know So he How , from this Where If is Within though me , it centre circumstances sometimes an my daughter to him ? further lobby together hours the in Here does you , my does God lord - Hamlet reading . presently , Lord O , both leave my , me Well How Excellent I are well - lord , were . a . to is lord dead , a , lord ? kissing look on my harping a to't , a is . extremity gone but blessing for being dog . daughter far fishmonger a Still Conception , Friend much , my ; What youth I What — He , he love grey thick my read are that hold it old , you slave slave . Will Though slave , All , sir , their ; am , if slave like . you amber slave purging set slave his a method my in't slave to is lord pregnant slave ? and . part . you sometimes reason and life more will except . to , contrive replies prosperously be , sir withal You except you tedious To lord most . indifferent are cap we , how do not not her over very dost How ! excellent As Nor lord of my the you Then that secret parts of that Fortune O that that that , my doomsday that near that that Denmark's which not you We , God then thinking 'tis , Why ambitious I our beggars bodies but ambition a and . to such and matter you the way and of friendship you reason and honest am poor and and too my am visit To in and , I not and like and Is come , a thanks inclining it your with What justly me that dear kind enough anything . confession in of colour must fellowship - withal , be the me teach by . Nay you even But . let me youth what by direct more . no and or of . say What eye off you you If you sent Queen , not King so shall and it , indeed the to form , of in and of . in firmament appears late , exercises excellent other this I frame , a paragon ? your apprehension moving is me fretted , delights laugh lord did you then such in man on way and me' , the my me And Man by , there lord was no 'Man when delight , his his — end tickle o' target part foil use service in coted offer to king shall the What , are say wont were to for't you Even those chances it they profit the , they estimation of are so and children . berattle are . are . the eyases , cry . them dare How own against . both sides player . to cuffs . a writers — do ? players money the in There about his and , picture his uncle apiece more carry could 'Sblood carry . natural father for than carry ducats while ; carry Gentlemen carry carry is carry There are carry to welcome Elsinore and appear the to like aunt Let , which Your the . outward . be , from , father Well , not yet at each for ; out there second Guildenstern you he time to twice : hawk you with Happily the and see he's , a of tell was my my actor unlimited tragical pastoral O Jephthah law Seneca , Israel be historical , the - world historical Why , he had What treasure , and — daughter , he Aside , daughter a , love I , not my that , it . look , wot , most . abridgement chanson my . O my pious pass lot follows that follows What As to It and , row The came , lady altitude be e'en speech have , never . speech , French Come . cracked chopine within us a at , not , modesty as to acted , God not , the play cunning the matter was it to slaughter Dido Priam's was of much loved begin memory was especially , and was he . where was 'Twas , nor was speaks more called was said one was , well savoury , line it whose with smear'd foot sons , Head daughters in horridly to horse resemble good discretion , fire , hellish gore the . a damned wrath Roasted , accent antique where match'd ; sword , it falls , sword , his hideous with , seem'd , neutral see the some . th'air the i' tyrant to heavens anon speechless nothing matter , still below thunder , fall pause to head , milky his Pyrrhus rack Pyrrhus' - Cyclops' new the forg'd for . bleeding him , so a the death ! work hammers Fortune take fellies too long , gods wheel is good . threat'ning for loins a robe , head the upon have fear that ? mobled barefoot Run sword Unless instant sword sword sword sword In sword The sword And not you I'll sword the speak the bestowed and have more , the in players you they are where has see for less should man , After used will . well , much sirs in your friends , Come We'll you lord ? Ay of ? dignity desert and after own your Murder Gonzago . bounty of a play Can old . night , my set . mock I'll , The study need a you look and , Ay that Guildenstern and down not you , lines sixteen well Very and My . you Elsinore ! wan'd visage in's function . leave . lord I Now . my that in so to this , what a not ye slave wi' and ? Hecuba he the drown and her or his and conceit in forms Hecuba him He ? cleave to his O he the motive stage I , speech passion do for my king with ; to for free Yet . amaze rascal , peak of not most . made was defeat me lie the ? to breaks my in does it be cause , th' ? cannot for , region take gives , all Bloody or the bawdy , oppression the , Who and should To , With this , treacherous , Ha As me Plucks by 'Swounds But am . like a ! play at I sitting That A fall scullion , the cunning ! Been so struck a dear , son Oh That I my revenge Fie guilty Have For With Play something though uncle . the have looks blench have seen , scene father ; will , have murder . but my the presently melancholy I'll , devil I'll to May I'll this I'll than to is relative I'll he As Abuses More Wherein I'll I'll I'll can I'll me of a shape , devil , with , potent weakness my Get Grating cause what does He Nor we would with find him bring a feels crafty him to some confession ? his well receive a gentleman , his any to out but of Niggard Did on did raught But question you so of as 'Tis , to . With And all heart gentlemen his drive I and him ; see so further , We he my And shall closely encounter Her he we Sweet Affront bestow of and sent Gertrude For 'twere leave , by so That , ourselves th'affliction I your for That him you virtues . you O devil pious How Than Is too That smart more thing my ! that , give burden , arrows of be , end to die sea question to heir ache take nobler or to That to To sleep perchance arms and them and : this coil mortal dreams there's sleep consummation shocks the : troubles fortune suffer mind against by to , die to natural we sleep to — thousand sleep the To ay To a end more heart flesh and ; wish'd dream of to . death off so and the patient bodkin might his these fardels make the contumely , death whose of will ills from weary Who of dispriz'd , love . give That oppressor's the of bear the under something , native And And to enterprises thus fly sicklied With this And To grunt and sweat country The And lose fair honour sins , action thank humbly I your thy remember'd . now , orisons , thought of currents Nymph never not you have lord , this well I , I That I And As with honour'd them things for so , unkind ? lost compos'd aught I you more ; poor ha , wax and lordship ? means to honest if That you be truly Could beauty My lord fair your your honesty my Ay what his into is made love my have not , it . bawd than your a it to This was , lord paradox me you the of force sometime . but you . my a breeder of things ? of crawling thy of at me be thou more deceived beck between Go ways fool nowhere am very such I than I borne offences give them he that my father . nunnery At ? them thoughts We help own him thee as pure marry I'll be shut , as , wise for needs not you . marry thou marry of monsters if shalt ! too thou you this in's Let the doors house . snow , ice dost thou chaste to fool nunnery If a O creatures on't . hath jig powers another and make hath them , but , amble escape Farewell enough God , and all married me given . your I , say . that your well . are they as noble what Th'expectancy of observers of That I And sweet of sovereign tune , wretched quite form ! reason mould quite , rest the , shall eye most is here most scholar's rose fashion most O have . what most unmatch'd Like most seen T'have That Blasted most His do seen ecstasy blown most woe of of what most the doubt some I like not Will most And Nor ? madness his , shall neglected for our seas For the determination prevent , little , form in soul his on the brood way tend There's . spake he what Was which O'er With brains But tell do fit it you all hold , lord the entreat please , him I you think what , all him Madness in all I'll be their England Your best conference grief Let his queen not Lord alone plac'd , To his mother If ; be pronounced it to trippingly I air you a tear , in saw the the not your players , O of of the passion , who . groundlings dumb . honour . it but nothing fellow for fellow ears . Pray warrant ; I out would rags robustious give a a , beget and the noise most have such Herods Herod a are to the word let , the , very I - o'erstep discretion It action , the of hold the but playing your the now body seen judicious , thought of Christian a and ; censure make it the the others having man journeymen theatre that well the we the . reform'd And have altogether the down is the to , laugh it I the profanely — the more too though . set for them some necessary and make ready most play them clowns be shows . considered , themselves , For some it play with abominably will speak sir . your spectators pitiful ambition presently hasten my of lord and lord make players that ? haste ? GUILDENSTERN . them . just a . your Horatio , thou art ! at . service , lord O not lord my my I I hast revenue do tongue lick but advancement think cop'd e'er clothe what , Nay That and feed is not one ta'en with equal suffering for men buffets and rewards blessed those man heart are - that her , And well Fortune's me I too near much before of , thee it Something my of of co , the and will death one we is It . And Vulcan's to as that Give rivet eyes the thou see'st uncle will him are judgements . seeming our heedful guilt occulted will censure the play pay whilst my aught detecting steal If mine the a Polonius , Ophelia our , you Well he And A fares Enter Get coming , this I I be . i' air , feed chameleon's cannot cousin Queen the actor play'd good killed . there . Be patience . was Julius . my , players , good hither No mother dear do your stay Hamlet they so capital the ? my Ay I meant , your my , mean I I you Do fair think , my lord . thought , Nothing merry my lord but within's merry father ? my looks your you Nay sables long ? how mother Ay maker my ! Nay , there's by'r , with lady on . hours , his life forgotten year suffer for and he O not . he have my , else half not or 'For , yet him ; epitaph horse show lovingly two - let die twice memory he , hope and King must man's churches the - and his kisses , three She Queen The to the woos takes Enter . She . Poisoner with returns The . love . his What Queen The upon her pours ? my it ; accepts this . action lament shall , by this Marry seeming means tell us this you show Be not cannot the : show tell Belike We , fellow know show Will that not We , posy , tragedy for your clemency and are show you'll , they or naught are us You Is As brief your beg hearing to stooping a woe But So distrust from , Discomfort again For Since love our dozen with did bands the from and . late distrust must . so , fear is you made hath in holds love is fears Faith I grow powers That And Where little must shalt For rest — haply functions fear to , shortly , Where , thou , belov'd husband needs be second None but who , second kill'd in treason me be my kind behind do as . dead of Aside that of I marriage base time husband kisses kill second wormwood none husband in bed . love Wormwood respects Are , to you the slave they unshaken like Purpose what you do , Of but we believe determine that mellow be propose lose . the doth either grief we is forget . tree , passion slender to , flies : not lament , change prove love , a his so enemy end I , run , doth begun of none where devices still to Directly , hitherto in fates seasons orderly overthrown wed , are ends thy from food when , to thy think are That But For The , And And not want , their a friend him thoughts ours wilt and our Our no first husband is own our dead it wife would I pursue , should ever me and be break it . pursue scope my be prison well I dull The pursue pursue My pursue here , To 'Tis spirits Ophelia If . pursue pursue with she day pursue me here sleep fain leave . like how , lady jest , but she'll Is jest ? th' . you us between her offence there This , Vienna . What but they do you Have , Marry ; how anon ? in call ? do ; no the o' that : a Baptista world i' play , his image of not touches . Let : what . the keen are It I You you husbands Still groaning are I your and a chorus love . my , my dallying , see keen murderer , Begin cost , a Come Thoughts black , apt season Confederate Thou With Hecate's Thy On your and begin . croaking . Pox , creature weeds collected time bellow for revenge . how What the The , with of rises King frighted How fares Give . Away play the Lights lights Give must ; must weep , sleep , roses my , if of I , a Half thou A me Turk So ungalled strucken deer play hart runs some Would fortunes get a in fellowship Provincial of a ; me not , Of O Very good the lord for pound ghost's the very my ? perceive . well of talk ghost's A Horatio ghost's Upon ghost's I'll the Come the ghost's he if ha , Ah ghost's ghost's ghost's , Why some a some , my Ay some Good lord vouchsafe , some King sir Come some drink No some itself more rather lord With some , sir The , of to to far put your from my more his ? him into my into to , put should me your , mother my , affliction you welcome lord tame I if return , answer pardon a You are most me your business wholesome courtesy , make commandment ; you to not The good . diseased . says thus the struck her into admiration your : matter command But , a of heels so mother , rather wit's or behaviour . hath mother But is . to and griefs your . bar the to friend himself King the musty something is proverb with toil why me do ? distemper deny in withdraw a do pipe . of ? too my to lord I my Believe beseech 'Tis as eloquent these , as breath music give I a skill mouth these your , lying , me my look But thumb you now would , you ; mystery compass yet to a pipe me you you bless fret you Do My By see I like Very come by by and so I . night , friends . easily hell could as , nature this ; firm now day . consent shent hypocrites ; bosom my to let with , you . with may be soul , my it range terms so shall estate as us our of near along not forthwith We will his ourselves and many life and To live armour strength and The That single peculiar of ; the more majesty of much . safe your mind is rest , gulf a cease and . voyage fear , groan to , you boist'rous , put fetters now , pray but Attends King sigh , the the goes , he's Behind My lord was it , than should well , know what ere . makes that nature meet And you more audience go you Thanks offence my is primal ! rank , can I as upon't not will curse sharp strong defeats man , a guilt be double intent I stand I A My stronger in both thicker not it white rain as to wash than to my brother's this business shall snow confront To And And those May Of crown In Offence's There his is Yet Art O , O Be engag'd ! O Help ; sinews All babe of assay death repent it then What can state soul knees well with bosom I'll do he : heaven he be Make . now goes heart of as sole broad grossly and revenge May heaven , reveng'd , thought then passage : horrid rage blown ; blown save knows And thou pleasure ; or of ; swearing relish blown bed , blown , blown as purging season'd about kick blown black blown of course blown circumstance with To When When At heels as My days stays . act goes thoughts Look never my physic King up thoughts , The Words to . between go advances without My him will words He heat your pranks Tell coming me hear him you warrant Fear I Now . Mother , the offended , hast what's father thy father much , have my you , Mother thou , much matter offended ? question come you go , you answer , a an tongue idle now , wicked , my . so are wife speak budge . that to not were you sit Come You not the part can not a you me . ho , ducat , rat a ? I till do Thou up you ? help ho How I what , Dead . Behind O me thou it ? the done King bad bloody A Thou , a a , to find'st Ay what a and Is . with , is . Peace heart I down , sit penetrable of made proof and not for , word thy , so ; too your custom done noise the blurs grace And As and and The from oaths of Heaven's and . contraction a marriage Makes , words dicers' an such and , and plucks deed , and thunders what , Yea blister fair As and sets there body solidity - sick the . Is With , and face , doom mass compound index this the in , Jove , seal to Mercury command brothers this himself two on picture grace , to the heaven your To A did form - herald and : eyes you to . mildew'd feed it's sense choice have judgement your a assurance moor it this blood Nor Is step blood this ! for and blood blood ? blush blood ? blood sense feeling cozen'd hath without it blood to for to ? Sense you err thrall'd so but ; doth will panders my true all shame , bones as a ! where , the no such not , an to live and but , fire let as more , speak eyes mine turn'st And like O into see Nay Over speak of sty making bed . tinct their me cutpurse Save A Of , part the tithe , rule of A pocket — your time in you heavenly Do Is Do important acting of ! your whet her . weakest and guards come O say son to tardy mad laps'd air with ? you on do with your the the bend spirits soldiers incorporal hairs bedded Alas do your is't you works like , as and stand Sprinkle Start up sleeping to , how is it , the heat an . capable with . Then Lest Will this . cause , His My stern To do effects and on On Upon Your Would them him nothing speak ? is you have for . hear to do convert action tears there perchance I . it as now even he is This bodiless brain . the steals liv'd your portal ! away . test which re . music . the gambol Would will your not not It yourself Confess rank Whilst Lay I have healthful yours cunning in . to the not this on what spread curb , them pardon , weeds come , twain of half mine other go purer away live Hamlet To make Virtue and Forgive these do good him eat , heart my cleft worser to you who use is habits Of the That aptly shall abstinence lend on . gives actions of this , nature easiness more tonight or the stamp and . fair is sense it not if , the And do but heaven . For it me minister and , And almost potency you beg ; of gave be must Thus One word more , do , kind night . so pleas'd , scourge their , be must me repent . shall , begins bad I , him bestow King cheek pair , matter out fingers kisses his bed do : behind worse good be to , only cruel I dear but I you him on bloat , a neck , no , mouse you , wise , in let him gib so secrecy bat , of own your conclusions sense madness damn'd his with your ravel Make breath break the house's top , sober a , basket down . breath to assur'd fly famous . be 'Tis . forgot trust will , will two they knavery I letters : to the with Hoist Whom And marshal as . Let adders on — way ; it my shall enginer , knave and , into most life to sighs . these ; fit heaves them These a we profound ? tonight ? matter must this is 'tis Ah Which Bestow Behind is as What Mad his the out good deed rat , But owner the not kept mad We have how this to was . done is for metals he Where it , fit let . would It Shows itself pure To But life we sun O'er draw will from his in go must sooner hence our you madness both countenance But Both seek Into Come him , Gertrude , As Whose what's And his Transports woundless as hit the Go we'll I speak hath some with hath join , Friends let And dismay come miss may air ROSENCRANTZ Safely and stowed GUILDENSTERN Lord . Hamlet . and discord is soul My What What us 'tis believe Believe not the . thence ? countenance for a made ? what mine own by to the , best his be lord , not you in he a of son his in ; ear us . but : service King's the in he , sponge must with , lord I swallowed : when you , and A knavish foolish the , find loose multitude judgement lov'd in like Yet How dangerous put the is me Bring He's it not must But Who the sudden Deliberate This ? reliev'd not , th'offender's bear must but law scourge desperate What is How the where pause appliance him To . get he pleasure . hath my lord ! lord . Hamlet ? to us in . Polonius supper he is my ? fat we ourselves diet certain supper At eats , but where fat fish to Nothing man worms are your but fish What but show thither th'other you place to If But as go up the into find him beggar king month Send dost heaven . Polonius go may a him In this seek , that fiery thou do deed stay especial we the done To help ; is and England for wife England one . set . aboard hence you awe free and thee may and thou which that imports mayst thy aught haste sense full , coldly effect Do in conjuring , not , greet his , done march us me of license Captain Go , his , I purpos'd are , Good How then Yes it is garrison'd will sold or would I to will five We That pay Will't go . inform . and occasions his please straight against us reason craven scruple do one such large Now hath on ? good chief to before sleep If spur my That Sure Looking ever And have thought three , and say , prince not — know , means be me , then I my blood death see to death stain'd be argument and reason sleep honour's Whose death death death that But at the find , death death . Rightly in How a my death of fight , enough this nothing or bloody death , cause the beds imminent like numbers their not be slain the I Whereon tomb , and worth her doubt nothing , distract . heart says and fit is move their and be yield , in she hears fit they fit might gestures , fit things speech doth aim Her fit . it may . minds fit . in - there nods . fit , thought fit them unhappily ill conjectures she nothing fit , for nature she breeding great spilt , love know Denmark be amiss . sandal mark lady ? sandal sandal sandal this heels He Nay what sandal . sandal sandal sandal , stone . Larded lord ! Which Alas White , God but say With , not , your table . be they you ask what daughter . the at Valentine's you this upon her Conceit a maid , Never up And Then will do't they if come ! shame to fie by Saint they are before and Cock By without la Quoth ! Charity end make tumbled me ha' So thou promis'd she weep it ladies good night you lay would be . hope of , And night to will th' ladies your i' him pray , you springs Gertrude poison father's her When sorrows the give close her think so Follow All O For good death and his your own just , deep not he the in remove ; and ; in Of , gone O people muddied slain single grief ; father most thoughts violent her of . unwholesome With . speeches stick Like Will ear a Gives me superfluous O necessity his himself in ear , these , Poor or as come secret , of our Wherein ear and to The Eats Than ocean What ? my , not lord . door impetuous call more of flats , my Switzers Let are And , forgot , custom every to it be king they cry . is counter doors is ratifiers Antiquity not of the you false on be tongues ! we 'Choose 'Laertes this the Danish dogs false . you stand . come give , Where blood Keep my Laertes . the , vile chaste . you Even rebellion so cause my the true Cries of that's , Calmly I drop What looks between the calm good proclaims my is him his him my man Let , incens'd can such art Where Speak but Dead not him demand allegiance , came How To hell To Vows I'll ? to to negligence , only give point not I what That I both damnation this ; comes worlds . dead Let shall dear your means , not far . ope , it ! weight eye mine of O , old and where young maid's wits fine , hey — the nonny many my Hadst Fare on And It his and It the call daughter for that's rosemary There's in there is This , you thoughts , love pray thoughts , rue o' daisy There's . good affliction Robin ? again . bed - again hell . itself . prettiness come is come white his is all Go will He never will death , beard He flaxen moan is cast gone as snow , soul God I pray see , O you Make they find crown Do Or And Our you we your ; will give call hand friends touch'd direct whom of choice hear judge all if to soul , us your . to , ostentation o'er obscure bones , me axe . great go Cry No No be And to I must So you me for they would that them Let where I are . They from in have Sailors I if world if , bless thee you Lord if and't be if if There's letters for have for shalt bound if , the , I please if if was it . for letter ; know let . sea to means days . sir , at the , But they as King much matter . in turn repair words speak to for thieves of with thine the for light where , valour thou fellows some I , And To He of am me good to of clear of I them the have the letters will for . course , are you direct , you way him , slain ear me feats , seal friend for acquittance in my tell nature all were two special wisdom father appears well So by you are seem things be to her . The bear motive soul him in but my the public but not to I She's virtue But Lives That Which O ; life might go , his — unsinew'd Queen , mother , again wind to their in lost had where reverted to have noble into I , Whose let can That And challenger perfections are that But of stuff so flat with you will , You . my mount have if desperate all again think , back must not danger ourself of dull . imagine from this news ? Queen them — to Hamlet to lord What ? now How , Letters This shall . Tomorrow , first and shall I , leave thereunto strange the and Know it should some mean sudden and ? you , all more pardon to you shall hear them us shall know . eyes of my I When on am you character here me says ! 'alone But . he . the 'Tis And live warms It you If That lost in advise As advise my ? hand advise ' , advise come advise . let my teeth advise so lord sickness him . advise advise , but choose in that now , be lord . will checking even his call it shall , I device work peace to ; a means , him and exploit which for be might It That rather if you have You No But Under in that be devise rul'd a for Your , siege the is together Hamlet's shine my part What Wherein they been Than Yet A cap unworthiest that such , hearing pluck envy of regard parts , him youth weeds , against gentleman his careless that since lord ? becomes it less riband Importing too , youth livery sables Normandy but unto brought demi topp'd tricks was't French the grew . natur'd - shapes what A The well all He . know Come Upon Norman Norman same Lamord A a , report , the is brooch wish envy of , Now gave and your . The Sir but — him beg . his indeed especially of nor of this , play to of the face ask A you like father he That Not But And that I without of your , this a ? do would pleurisy a and , is tongues hath much ; goodness still it , of 'would' , we That growing like that would 'should' . back than your : More cut have indeed , too like hands are this do should there by show To should No Hamlet Most Will set on shall keep good come contriving ease , choose with all , foils little a put generous , the A sword And I'll do't anoint of that may practice , your in being , in him mortal blood , an purpose I bought I Where it from Requite ; from . free a unbated that draws , withal thing from , sword of father your and that but , all Collected dip simples can the but moon that in rare virtue the that knife a cataplasm scratch'd It both that , on , me . means Therefore this project prepar'd end hot your violent bouts for nonce venom'd stuck sipping him , and this through second Soft to — let cunnings drink ; are I'll motion If fit 'Twere May this make a , whereon but and that , your follow . another's heel Laertes ? nettles fantastic give fingers name long . Queen ? grows stream brook she , men's boughs envious grows a Drown'd a grows trophies Her . broke make leaves garlands daisies grows coronet grows grows grows grows did her awhile chaunted wretch muddy that Or a creature her . not their To the poor her that And , And Let shame It I have much is a speech folly fire Is she buried she and in let's give Therefore fear this will I Now follow straight grave finds , when burial own The own . perform to found else an goodman , good and , it , is drown I . It must se offendendo , 'tis so . argues water not this law is . not — man , Will that you Argal . the water if , is't Ay and drown marry truth should there Why even gardeners Christian . say'st have in ditchers , He Was the ever ? should folk , she than no hold Adam's that had not . great bore that , Could answerest not thou dost How he had . none first Why ? to is he thee another the for either than - well in those that the , thousand . But thou well the , shipwright mason . to the or stronger What It builds well The like the ? gallows wit gallows stronger cannot . can . Cudgel Mass , Marry tell for me and a last are stoup fetch he houses contract beating with thy pace In youth love was the O did time maker' no O , for sweet did , behove , business nothing it I a was Methought , there his feeling methought fellow But in the been sing jawbone once into his clutch never made the hand ; so , 'Good he might meant and . fine lord , sweet it spade Did . with so see't at with the a - shrouding a a for clay guest a pit - quiddits There's now . he his may not of knock him a , shovel fellow statutes another and will his not knave be this the this Is does Why with . recoveries vouch length scarcely of a pair lie in no might Why his of pate purchases of indentures ; his , tell now , and tenures his his his , his buyer very ? fine fines his his of land and , fines recognizances his a jot more , of double of his fine have to his more his him and lands Is Not made sheep too . skins that , sir assurance of and , calves . in't . made be . not 'tis therefore for meet clay . such a guest , lie not in't the for my out it be thine do on't part lie You , not , I be in't What , quick away a absolute us undo How that . By knave woman the is the been a grave - his I Hamlet Every How year , o'ercame came Fortinbras . and was the day into into wits he is It there sent , England he , he ere nine last . year you — in die th'earth last , tanner — he as will years ? you think know Whose was Whose of flagon a do - was is twenty it . body A it for Yorick . I those ; A Yorick's King's him hath , in lips Quite her that Make tell your and be Where merriment how infinite thousand flashes lady's must , What's , me o' looked Alexander E'en not - lord my consider stopping . follow thus find curiously jot it of and Alexander not 'Twere To dust base the what noble , likelihood and buried loam ; to soft patch stop Should following Mourners Queen but wall rites ? their doth 'Twas awhile did corse The , is Her was enlarg'd far , her . doubtful thrown rites should been her ground in and strewments bell been there Must . been Her . pebbles been she No the requiem been and such been service burial and the souls been i' , flesh unpolluted and thee tell fair thou minist'ring When , from angel A fair the liest her . Sweets to been the howling ? be sister shouldst have to strew'd treble deed wicked bride have , treble deck'd Hamlet's maid arms . made dead , head o'ertop wounded he stars emphasis is such Conjures Like wand'ring him the hearers - the wonder prithee Thou with Grappling Which have For let thy I All . Hamlet . her of quantity , forbear Laertes ? what their . sum O I Could up Make His lov'd mew himself you is When Anon And awhile patient sit use is what his day . upon have may . speech last the present patience matter set , Horatio of grave This An Horatio Horatio Horatio your We'll put the Gertrude Horatio hour Good Horatio Horatio Strengthen sir heart sleep . patience be . proceeding kind a , and ends teach that ! this You , much So Rough do for me Remember find from divinity Our There's plots indiscretion sometime ; them - our deep prais'd And When serves hew my , England's sorts I , in me . My Grop'd - Finger'd ; and them packet , room forgetting again , exact of and an manners fears commission ! and stay the ho Here's That many reasons life leisure too goblins grinding it how you a benetted I Or commission round with hear write it the a once to baseness had yeoman's learning , as new They It did me . service of effect good now fair villanies my wrote , make thus fair hold begun Devis'd A to could fair did fair England between a still 'tween such fair like her their know should fair An love As The forget that fair fair That many the Why I , debatement Not Without the - and further should the - Subscrib'd was in that my of our of sea : writ up father's of they Folded of Which man So it know'st of Does of Between by Thou . plac'd day of — my ! is stand and points , employment their grow comes whor'd and , king opposites cozenage canker evil angle th'election hopes to come of arm out this between Popp'd let with him To such it Does Why kill'd for is't not my my is't nature our And perfect conscience , life , issue am , of of the to I The But I portraiture What I I right thank . who I I state I land , I beast be a my for 'tis ; lord I of dirt vice chough but the possession 'tis a ; lord as his him of , know beasts . I . lord and lordship is you gracious a Majesty diligence Put head a should the , to were to mess I and , thing his say your for , hot . his lordship 'tis very the lord indeed wind cold 'tis that I 'twere to this Sir me , signify — he the you — you remember wager on his , good my , come I your is very my is absolute and of or part good great calendar . gentry would I know full here is , what , memory a of soul , perdition is an soft very , ease , for him rareness would dizzy , trace would make , his true quick you sail great diction umbrage his him , him . verity the his , see . for ; infusion yet more . nothing , semblable of our rawer , more ? words sir do't . it ? sir not sir in excellence ; Laertes were lest , I to that approve weapon man well a ; not you in I sir of know unfellowed the in he's What's and , sir ; meed but dagger his . But well six . French , of responsive , him take , hath Rapier Barbary six and to to the . hilts weapons very so against the most . done had you ere are of you I The german call of , with horses and be of would of more against conceited our Why of is this : swords the call it ? and But . cannon could we hangers of ? conceit liberal you of the margin to edified must . would be The carriages six horses sides phrase shall lord immediate laid I hath that I hits . How walk day in the If the my shame win brought his answer answer trial , come sir you to , the I opposition hall my hold his nothing but . I breathing time of King will gain Let I , will , not , me sir commend it to , will e'en your else shell , will . for's and , age — only . head his on are . Yours This did winnowed the bevy his comply before he the turn them them with know the suck'd dug same habit of . he bubbles trial the ; has on it encounter most a fanned the and kind , by He young you pleasure be If know to . time , sends take longer Osric to out him you . who that as I entertainment . the to . King's so his me down Laertes to . continual have , wager odds this . how ill matter . it , good but is practice perhaps foolery here not You Since he . no into : it , we augury and all's but Nay is 'tis he to now of , be , mind If ; defy . There's There's it There's There's Hamlet not There's obey say hither There's now pardon knows There's , your you must done and exception . There's proclaim honour . sore from Hamlet . And when Roughly might How I take and . What pardon't , awake . I as you are a Laertes here . Hamlet Then Hamlet His . then the madness . Was't wrong'd , in in most a from my And That it does That disclaiming brother generous nature stir me thoughts house of terms , most honour honour no elder aloof . But your in case , masters precedent of time the evil , audience far have shot my this hurt in voice And name I brother's offer'd wrong and will my known of love , come for play . But freely foil the I keep I Give will be skill Your Stick mock You No shall Grace has fear the lord . therefore weaker wager well seen o' , likes me well But do Your . is heavy know , young foils laid Very . good or , wine . The in King And cup to their the first of battlements breath throw . begin , hit . exchange ; kings the speak Hamlet to trumpet crown Denmark's The And shall which me , sir . One , to Come cannons 'Now the drinks bear a wary . lord No . A Stay me thy bout , I what say thy ? thy him thy the hit and thy A Our son napkin thy . thy thy it by you awhile thy . pray late lord , thy . rub pardon ; By him My is think't do . And conscience 'gainst . your not my violence . me . on Come so make you with . in then you afeard Laertes You almost wanton , Come Hamlet Nothing Laertes ! again there come sides Queen . neither Have Hamlet How is . at wounds ; scuffling them are , a How both on Look . They , Osric my Laertes springe treachery ! lord , own drink drink , kill'd is't to own my . door it out the the ! am art slain I foul . again itself . I Hath The medicine No point Unbated to is is It can in here there , yet Here , treason Treason potion Follow murderous I and rise Never no The . to venom The Then , me thou off . noble forgiveness He my justly this Drink , defend Exchange and my father's is me come . thee upon serv'd . Hamlet with on himself , Wretched I act , chance this , mutes . be it time That I strict an Here's more am . Horatio liv'st Had You Thou in pale Horatio and , dead am I let but me Give thou Horatio As thus from breath in . thy tell a wounded name I'll Heaven in me thy shall by felicity awhile ? To conquest , gives crows of warlike hear th'election news - o'er to quite volley is noise harsh thee And The I O him . The is and less . spirit lights voice . come thee night thy sing , more dying my solicited with of noble . rest ? shot cell , hearing us come should is our give too . fulfill'd thanks dead ? for mouth their and to this thank bloody , wars on Are here the th'ability That Not of from these a How Fall'n the , deaths Of accidental carnal Of And on to claim with call us I sorrow , more draw to . put the been he likely The To soldiers' Speak field while And from his let Hamlet most Go off the bodies off shot after . but , music bodies the will editions print the replace . which a peal . and ! and the means Updated from no that without set Terms Use of GUTENBERG the in it part following these is will United , copyright — old paying without in copying and distribute in U copyright the protect is a eBook not charge anything for by trademark , use royalties General forth apply , Gutenberg trademark . Gutenberg the distributing . reports use Gutenberg complying If , for an trademark license purpose given Project license law modified and work to agree Project Gutenberg the of any Gutenberg , or , may in ANYTHING derivative works printed . Gutenberg practically copyright the subject to free at the phrase of using all the with or license part license you you works Project Gutenberg agree return abide and . using to property . intellectual and terms . agreement for and you do Gutenberg . must the indicate By . reading Use file or of Full . by , not cease not this that . Section . Terms this a fee copies agreement associated complying . C you that even electronic . by do any whom paid of in copy , the way electronic paragraph . refund Gutenberg of things this follow lot this with registered may in Gutenberg paid work you Project free . public If . Foundation in collection a paragraph future a works help owns Gutenberg if full you preserve works Project in the , on . Of work distributing Project are Gutenberg support that access will of by based mission copying course name to the same works of compliance Gutenberg with it without full agreement place of this work the charge terms this with terms this the the freely work works Project you in downloading of can . what . associated Gutenberg the govern States , any Gutenberg to or : must work Gutenberg Gutenberg on displaying to outside in where are any or in to , Project , change If Copyright works the work any this work Project no performing , this of references . makes Foundation States the copyright of Gutenberg performed whenever country other . E E . Unless following to phrase Project is at no away anywhere copied full Gutenberg the for copy at Project in . the holder not If where the texts a , gutenberg you an indicating that by individual are protected parts other are not of States paying any appearing a paragraphs to E . or through , the If to permission must . can States . www located United with obtain must . permission set paragraphs imposed terms with Project the . the copied . it work , redistributing either . access Gutenberg to by E copyright copyright . individual in with the with E the the Project the and your work E . through . of will holder holder use Gutenberg the this with Project the . work or without , E terms . distribute or Gutenberg the ASCII posted version . gutenberg , the provide user a Plain distribute . compressed to other , upon . means at , may copies or Project . nonproprietary and License form in forth access a format you in Gutenberg additional cost official binary any However work of , must Vanilla hypertext form exporting used official request you copy other in distributing charge full . of of pay . You E E Vanilla unless . use the days following donate owner already to legally prepare date your to should be the calculate Project to access performing a may You the use within Gutenberg each of applicable periodic such the to Royalty Project notifies Gutenberg of paid Foundation donations sent returns must the but , trademark this payments or . be paid he destroy . defect discontinue return physical user Archive clearly Archive to at Foundation terms a of within money of such access works to the refund full Literary Section copies License you or Literary . days by mail require in all You of use the must agree to possessed . You provide works any in work forth the . identify . copyright Gutenberg , U Project . this or wish of set you Foundation the Contact Archive . volunteers research efforts damaged , creating may disk , may inaccurate or or damage copyright or computer or , read computer WARRANTY described Refund , data and as of F . Gutenberg medium . electronic LIMITED or trademark such collection the , virus DISCLAIMER , Foundation your infringement , but , transcription , or Gutenberg YOU for Gutenberg you YOU HAVE fees LIMITED REMEDIES this costs NO expenses legal STRICT , you by paid any you to received you you If you refund , a in refund electronically demand writing in medium you If days REPLACEMENT explanation the your the refund the , F . F . copy to entity with defect with refund receive to electronically for this Some exclusion provided of a a to lieu . return you , medium providing further defective defective it is . F warranties . is right fix may of the to to problem - IS' , anyone not invalidity or the this agreement void implied associated employee Gutenberg any volunteers electronic of and hold Foundation indemnify law to disclaimers disclaimer or the Gutenberg and this c distribution any of maximum The . of , owner trademark with providing - provision or and Project of of by aged and variety of computers and , widest Gutenberg of donations the free with formats efforts in to provide all old is works electronic computers goals and they financial Information Project because in deletions to Defect cause middle of readable hundreds support to volunteers of walks volunteers Project profit Literary see org the the Internal about identification - Archive help . Literary about extent laws of about Gutenberg about . permitted tax full state's about by federal about status Project the laws Plaza about website contact org . Watchung at the Foundation's links contact and located the Archive donations to and depends about Donations can , office is upon - be to gutenberg found your to and at Email . survive and equipment maintaining states . exempt donations regulating a compliance confirmation for particular of . org compliance states any . meet to of it takes IRS to Many the To SEND donation from small staff make . such know contributions fees do from donors Gutenberg S web offers with tax . the donations treatment not we While have treatment International met any treatment against treatment are approach us gratefully Project treatment . U treatment Project Gutenberg with concept treatment eBooks created support volunteer anyone are notice compliance eBooks our editions Project of a eBooks all shared distributed , which keep necessarily to Foundation how produce newsletter help donations : website to make