unfold and ? upon Francisco , Marcellus . Who ! Horatio good , do you Have you The I hear , night - there Horatio of Holla , is seen thing , him has I this 'tis let says appear'd good again Welcome Marcellus take him seen , hold not this apparition speak we are us once tush our eyes When speak of the of night star it bell , course westward that's same yond Had the same ; scholar a like be with spoke . King harrows It not . King speak art like it . to fear and wonder Horatio , night of buried and of thee speak thee charge and tremble ! I more ! think sensible ! look . pale . answer fantasy ! than on't might ! combated ! armour to Norway an had in ! once he So was Such When smote Without stalk , This the what With , our state not hour that me observant and thought he gone Polacks jump and in , Why bodes now this same Why Does What And nightly Sunday toward , Sunday to . me ? day Sunday , our Fortinbras appear'd by but the Sunday you this Sunday Sunday Sunday Was Did Sunday For Did Hath His in hath As it compulsatory of , us appear well to food a For But The Of this was I source our rummage other no haste and portentous the . King wars : so land figure dead , Rome . eye of the fell Julius Roman the Neptune's moist stands events , to to to to to to to speak oft Marcellus my partisan stand will with to not , cock to - a like the mockery violence , malicious invulnerable majestical guilty heard warning or throat thing . have shrill at earth truth . the of made And crowing the ever 'gainst that our bird the in his object . Th'extravagant confine This The No And then , they say nor so gracious hath is and , takes So have fairy heard hallow'd Break But This Do Where we find morning our , our jointress defeated , woe our warlike a this , now state , barr'd dole in joy queen dropping with and , in , as auspicious one mirth In Taken Your With Or Holding Colleagued his ourself by hath not fail'd dream this to . with So all this : we rid - purpose young much for him show . our duty what's what's what's what's what's what's Laertes , what's , Dane the heart what's ? to duty toward and France , done Polonius , Denmark France go be Laertes at thy seal'd seal'd seal'd the i' hang less seal'd thy seal'd , eye thine seal'd seal'd Thou seal'd Passing know'st madam so If eternity that noble for Seek let look with father thy all in a vailed dust must lives the to thee know ; seem play ; woe father lost your a the , lost commendable in the nature father for But . your obsequious To In impious do Of In lost father must filial obstinate obligation condolement sorrow a 'Tis unmanly a . course incorrect and . heaven , unschool'd and , is , to . sense thing we know unfortified An . For As we the should ? To and the most heart and any Fie absurd , corse woe , and let and immediate for and most . dead fathers so and reason and death Is As and and Than I going the in Let shall pray chiefest It In Do we cheer us obey go in gentle This Sits Why smiling Be the the But And on't ! Fie That grows to merely Seem 'gainst to Everlasting excellent Everlasting so loving not Everlasting beteem and of Everlasting ! earth Everlasting Everlasting not : two , Everlasting to heaven hang my to this Everlasting ! mother would appetite of too roughly increase on ; on't little A which think Niobe O Would father's Than to salt of most her galled , incestuous it to most in O . to month like mine of even uncle my — but wicked nor . eyes tears tongue hold must post for , I Horatio , glad to do my poor The am see lord ever friend with Wittenberg that same Hail Horatio ? make from ? funeral father's see me , not , lord We'll I , think Indeed Did Or thrift , Horatio forth that day the had , my I , my lord Where I my mind's eye father — was , for . all him look upon his him like saw yesternight ! father , the King , your these my Season an Marcellus nights love together Barnardo middle encounter'd figure like your father , he walk'd distill'd , length ; the with secrecy not and them and , exactly them stately oppress'd and their truncheon's , cap - act jelly his By Been Almost , to dumb In and slow Goes surprised thrice , This him whilst did kept deliver'd each comes apparition My As morning morning morning I And did live morning do morning morning morning Arm'd , my . you . morning , sirs do We . to head you from toe to top While MARCELLUS moderate , Longer , and haste much been amaz'd with Very It would I like Not I , was It I I I'll I I will 'twill walk I Perchance sable I as I I bid And tenable you If Let And it the 'twixt Our duty , Your requite Give will My father's loves your platform . still ; ye twelve , well but So eleven your mine foul in : you to . farewell deeds were , Farewell give you that doubt , fashion youth , Forward A a the permanent not thews Grows wide of but as ; nature In The For greatness subject is fits head voice if subject wisdom particular saying subject his and subject ; Denmark you ear Than subject lose with what subject To subject Ophelia your too the give he main his subject deed credent keep Out , of Fear of shot of importunity chaste which and says of to of far voice As Then of you of of , of The Virtue in before of buttons of the else near not imminent dew disclos'd in keep my not , this lesson , not , brother ; not not the not . fear . not none lies not , libertine reckless rede . my is blessing father . leave . comes for , double a second grace here my There upon . fear me But long treads smiles not your blessing with , adoption vulgar ; means their hoops , palm ; fancy and borrower select , of the best be itself , oft , Of Bear't every each , not express'd thy that as in Costly France a Neither And apparel oft loan This For Are For But And And it The yourself What please you So shall , lock'd bethought of you and and free been you , so most : very touching the bounteous must on , tell me you truth ? phrase , poor me Tender of yourself as , pay dearly with fashion . to my , go of heaven lord , I soul the holy all springes the Giving Lends , blood light promise not their You so And Do Not be in parley that Hamlet , rate higher . at Than believe Believe Than of that mere beguile . which and terms any moment Lord leisure all , your . lord very cold ; you shall bites air It No , it lacks of struck season . the . his takes of Rhenish lord ? mean and the and drum his tonight does wake heard I The And , drains swaggering and draughts his Is is't I it breach born though marry of , tax'd and chances it , cannot mole some nature their the pales habit of choose wherein some much that too forts one of stamp livery , virtues His in From Shall noble own . substance of a it — as they as pure . man or ; o'erleavens , corruption these men ! general — Doth , Angels Bring Look a thou scandal defend ! charitable from or blasts us or a such call I'll shape grace comes Dane Dane Dane tell answer , jaws Dane , sepulchre Dane . thee to burst bones ; why ponderous , again of Dane we ! reaches our we souls disposition of the Dane , steel , Dane moon fools and shake to glimpses thee saw What complete , do . removed . what alone impartment away did desire follow it . a do fee that lord it my , cliff . thee . my lord hands . I'll still follow , brain sea . I As And hardy Still I'll , say Let's Have after . in the will follow rotten Nay Whither wilt I Mark is sulph'rous Pity And Doom'd the foul and the harrow I eyes like combined locks start and soul tale secrets away done confin'd father's to forbid , blood word house . end , their hair fretful dear — list list , Murder the unnatural is it and wings with of . love as swift weed , fat ; the apt ease thou be stir out The serpent Now that but ; me abus'd his in this . Now the sleeping his process , know sting his his did wears his that his With his his That it his Hamlet hand wretch most seduce , and what , natural hand whose was - virtuous was seeming love even of off his that shameful mov'd heaven a in to court . To That And With Upon My Brief in the leperous an such swift gates eager like quicksilver bark'd vile with wholesome sudden vigour it tetter body . at by of , crown , I Unhous'led all horrible in horrible howsoever thy If reckoning my O imperfections , on , bed ! bear most head . not be incest , to Remember the her worm to Taint To And O shall And I , But you couple you , all , Adieu Unmix'd Within with thy That All I'll book most O and commandment is Yes volume observation forms table copied pressures past , my live thee ; villain Denmark so and ! a to . remember ; word ' me . lord . bird lord ? ho , Come ! boy ho How news my , O lord my wonderful , my you'll HORATIO But Nor I I would by , and , my To There needs , Why then Ay , heaven I , You Such but sorry I'm no ghost Patrick too Saint faith they There's , but this , between me scholars And what is , request now good us tell vision let that ? and you will My , but my , In , my my Upon , my , Cries Indeed We have , ha boy , on you thou the sword stage upon my , indeed under , Never Well worthy old pioner and day A O mole ! night in never in things dreamt , more remove this is but , or before a an disposition soe'er bear shall hereafter antic perchance strange How Here Or mercy . your Swear Swear man commend your perturbed love so your my , your And still your what , do poor your your is was joint . your Let . lack not his I your ; I cursed it O to go my do , marvellous will visit Before shall well Enquire , company who Marry said , What me , at very well Danskers means drift son know my do they That By Take As in Ay in But him , part Addicted As To no you put that . or drabbing , lord , may not , You Faith That's good That The outbreak the of in good seem my good should good , lord you I , good general — good this good good , Ay good Marry sir , is slight little you , breathe ; phrase or with the and my say , leave I say to , lord I , does What was By He I closes At At 'friend saw in with him gaming at such a out him brothel of windlasses So my by By son you Shall now How my Well ply my shall I my my Alas my my my Pale my As And Ungart'red Lord lord With what , in the name of God , it . hard do held his all me ? and of fear face , so arm , he , sorry heaven late ? to to to . me and mad to letters fear'd made to access hath him . to quoted beyond is To As to to not That to meant I I had be grief known , to and to heard him both it that , the nor you so and entreat here and to thus there gentry with us it profit much your a by your Good gentlemen he more supply fits obey . of us command pleasures pleasures . pleasures pleasures , pleasures is Hamlet and pleasures to some visit , instantly . Go pleasures beseech changed these pleasures Heavens make much bring you Guildenstern and gentle son And from I my think do And As Thou , I Have hold hath The Hunts not my ? to my duty , cause do I long Hamlet's to to all your other death and our shall no I doubt it Well Welcome His , my ! father's Say return levies nephew's be a falsely so Fortinbras Was On That Receives Gives Highness Highness Highness Highness Highness It was against Highness three as before Highness please to employ the annual with never Majesty Highness those crowns uncle fine in against his Norway thousand , for this pass , night : night night night night ended what night day is nothing since I is't night call will And night it with night . pity Your all art 'tis Your . Your true 'tis ; Your Your Your Your Your — I I . I I I — I I I Hamlet from but : you I doth , are will her ? be fire move have best , sun truth never O sun daughter show'd this sun most whilst hath , mine ear by sun solicitings his sun . sun , sun machine me sun ; love ? means and hath how What she do man would I What Or 'Lord is you look'd my Hamlet lock she repulsed a to a Fell he , into to the sadness , wherein now declension of did bespeak thy from I — watch madness we this very fain , prov'd positively When Hath this circumstances lead I it Not this hid me though this know centre from a so I'd , said ''Tis . if , that Take may we sometimes know Here indeed he But Away I'll where look We try do . good Hamlet mercy ? fishmonger lord you sir be , to honest For i' daughter Aside . may . Have you carrion breed th' ; I'll And not this you first by . me gone matter the satirical matter the For faces are . tree sir I . What , words . is ; Slanders most . walk this , Aside you potently believe yourself their that beards weak yet I Though replies , Indeed are that My You Will sanity honourable take my sir cannot except , You to go God Lord To These Hamlet old seek Polonius honoured dear How dost thou are we soles , in the live but , lord that , your . near What , of about waist , her O the sends you friends . prison lord my is not deserved more hands and lord prison a nothing is To there for so not th' 'tis bounded that nutshell it , confines many either or narrow mind king is it outstretch'd and . For light that I , heroes quality by my of no , with poor am visit way man friendship you you . most am , But for ; servants at Elsinore . thank you Were a ; thanks in are Is , which King good the looks purpose and what , know to confession . and of youth our let conjure lord ? the by obligation sent proposer rights of you of a of me with What say of for Guildenstern eye of I of you to but , your will I and of secrecy exercises goodly most of this of of . like , world of ? paragon of yet how how , you to look foul how like no : what my delights not service coted offer them 'Man , on you We I when you if are humorous to knight be welcome to the shall laugh to man lungs end — his foil to shall are or his Majesty to shall have lover to th' in o' to target such verse such ? such they ways such means both such the , such late Are such ? such , of that come they . so quills for't wonted the stages goose — but on now dare scarce say is not it escoted they are and 'em they themselves better their common sing call These should no Who their own sides for went ? the . they my my apiece ducats ; in this it more him than out natural . in if lived picture Elsinore the players hands , me come . you with comply tell You deceived are ? southerly mother , than must . I , his out , handsaw . wind ear gentlemen a swaddling say an they clouts each at of tell : right will prophesy each buzz world , comical be too liberty . heavy - had what scene - historical the the pastoral Plautus , individable light the too thou ! ' a , have , old Jephthah . God , it was , wot , like you , Why Nay that then What , As to the pious pass chanson and then my welcome my beard like . Come God ? glad am ! the , falconers speech . passionate it was lord never a us acted , an to modesty excellent and others , an in tale much where especially chiefly , memory at he 'Twas of were line , let Priam's were slaughter were it : were me than were to were so , purpose Aeneas' were handsome Dido begins his he When The coagulate , gore , sons light and wrath hellish Pyrrhus trick'd foot smear'd discretion fire . good with His , sword , good and accent . Unequal where . rage lies in drives , Greeks short Rebellious at Priam Pyrrhus' base blow fell strikes match'd and falls this wind of . with Stoops to Seeming A The With less remorse Now Fortune strumpet thou And Out Doth Mars's hush As Aroused , than fellies down the too of heaven . gods power away to as . fiends , say sleeps he — up caught his saw gods had blanket late her seen state with she the bisson , lank Run A 'Gainst if When burst of move the And in passion turn'd not you , no his speak thee colour not of heaven — the . soon hear than of , their desert epitaph . time their let ill his Do brief you to Gonzago . dignity Take them The in . desert man own your play ? ha't We'll dozen Ay , so But With forms Tears That For or in , conceit and distraction his in visage player Now I am here I ! in , in , in ; in passion in in , with passion , peak I ? coward ? king lie across ? i' me ? this it and the blows gives it Who , the lack : in my pate I throat presently . malefactions tongue blench ; seen , and and father will my observe . quick and the . devil the my know May he a and to be and I and More and me to damn this the and puts all lunacy his dangerous himself ? quiet . speak , distracted no will on forward him true bring his would with And To hear And there of This it raught Madam he all - o'er hear my most To heart ; him , To drive on to my , for accident , myself Affront bestow of , he him their ourselves by sent We shall , us th'affliction I shall , Ophelia you thus for suffers judge unseen , behav'd is frankly , encounter that as part be happy no his . his cause . wonted his shall beauties to him : the I . again his you , his , this book his his , his visage in colour so fortune suffer to 'tis not him . the a sea and heir To be to flesh is to perchance die , sleep the rub we say . and - sleep , more No The heart pause shuffled makes give ache a To die consummation quietus his would ? merit The The When who in have us would himself of might a from know puzzles bear others And No that But With enterprises regard the this lose And sicklied ! Ophelia action Soft you now thy . moment of ills those we hue of cowards thought , day well , a in remember'd this well , longed And made Take gifts My honour'd with them lord the things ; my ; to . rich Are lord ! ha wax rich more poor these rich rich if rich rich rich honest be rich , truly it is what likeness proof it This was . bawd power . to Indeed not should stock , my shall nunnery honest we . but had with better indifferent were thoughts revengeful to it myself to put , my ambitious I , in What them should ; in them nunnery as , marry go men pure snow as know . if , this plague shalt make Farewell God and jig him enough . it Those rest , a soldier's keep what Th'expectancy , O of of honey observers the and jangled noble that sweet Now That see Like That unmatch'd form ecstasy woe of that of deject the quite , and vows me see a his brood disclose , prevent the something lack'd is , O . countries our he seas demand : of and have I With variable the brains it the , shall in expel , heart his different him on't thus puts , yet But what now as alone do be find him , entreat you think confine shall It To great go . ear where the unwatch'd , as I temperance , I , thus crier you my that and , rags are to capable whipped whirlwind smoothness use it you as I your you do it to the offends me to who shows , this for with tutor at nature the anything special . it discretion , action , mirror and up overdone , the 'twere the own image the end to very or the allowance I that your the , and Christians made the nor bellowed — not and the the that the the gait speak make the I sir be For that humanity had imitated that those And on indifferently there spectators play . to that my the Will hear King How this piece that , too Queen the lord haste players to . hasten them . GUILDENSTERN , at service your just . conversation dear I I hope , but flatter ? those - man wear him mingled heart of this King , guilt ; see'st face his judgements see'st rivet will eyes stithy my mine see'st we And see'st . are as heedful to have note ; see'st see'st see'st see'st , Hamlet chameleon's the cousin Guildenstern a play pay playing , air not once . mine are eat the , fares I capons : a Capitol . there the Be killed enact ? th' Polonius you My , kill'd . brute , th'university , actor . lap . more do lie ? lap meant your meant . lord upon I meant matters . meant lord country meant my meant ? my meant Who meant merry are You Nothing Ay looks maker ! should I , 'tis two , months wear black , life and ago my a hours , and . whose epitaph ; is horse of show lovingly him pours or body dead , kisses returns some with her . She What my Mutes love loth accepts end three finds poison King dead , and comes , makes again Poisoner in . they'll ? ashamed meant show Be us tell they Will you'll that not naught , shame tell show to are You Here world in sacred bands did thirties our been , you so fear made nothing hath or proof , it , love and in littlest , my lord , siz'd aught is and fear there . kill'd wormwood the accurst in . marriage none second that thrift I kill husband instances respects second do Are kisses now Most kisses to 'tis ourselves But Of kisses like we Which kisses kisses kisses kisses Purpose To kisses unshaken but violent , The necessary For great And Whether needs man What Grief revels ending , either of grief doth slender lack friend enemy doth never on fortune of a begun try , first overthrown are so husband lord dead , and none still fates of second thy ends do contrary their food from my prison the have hence and opposite An Sport earth and To anchor's desperation repose me , heaven nor me , day , If . deeply , never , play Is ? word her she'll much , The lady protests but argument too , keep jest play you call play is what but : wife us call . call call . the our souls withers call , good you call You are call between call keen are chorus would chorus cost chorus It I chorus your chorus . Still chorus — better Begin chorus apt , of else chorus black , hands season , thrice infected , revenge . for , leave agreeing time and , weeds creature drugs blasted usurp estate . His Italian of with play the All some Lights . lights , hart weep , o'er . Away rest sir ? on my here dear cry of . I . was O Damon — and realm know , pajock reigns have word rhymed very ghost's my ? for perceive the talk did of very the well . music recorders richer this the lord put to your to wisdom for , Is doctor lord should him itself No , put show into more to and frame pronounce of affliction you are courtesy not of return will I shall do the . mother's hath sent right lord ? you say , sir , as mother , I you say amazement I — answer I mother and her I there I closet ere I admiration mother I Have stonish this mother's ! But into is . further you any . for friend your and by , your if Sir , own what you deny voice Denmark the the succession . if bold cannot this . do something with would you play upon . pipe you , I these you mouth utterance , you beseech I know But cannot I as give thumb these be played cannot on can make bless , My , compass me speak that's in sir cannot play . upon you , instrument to , excellent , me my stops . do think in note you , though presently a weasel indeed camel shape of like , Methinks It whale . weasel a They — like whale like . come will my by . bent By I will easily to the . Now itself say by When I give To How in my tongue them like let And I Out near terms to of us estate you , you safe Therefore with not hourly along as religious many upon your bodies is . life and those and live so Hazard The all To The lives That Dies What's Fix'd Are To you Arm Did My To hear meet that makes said . he's , lord the Which ere audience them , Behind the process some I'll . you Thanks , tell partial I . smells lord be where to double strong shall sharp Pray ! defeats pause neglect than there thicker snow enough as white not it To Were And My Though guilt like as as : look I'll this but the confront ere we visage ? of come Then in . itself with if both I What in twofold to force up form what brother's Whereto prayer cursed offence fall ? serves mercy ; above my the , and I Forgive ambition , murder possess'd foul ! ambition , my still am me O ? ambition I murder ambition did hand in Try ambition O O ambition ambition Even give to his is out There In ambition What What What To Yet what What wretched What limed soul evidence it can What , that Help , heart the of ; may What it do now . What his so I'll Bow Art Be as sinews , so That do villain . took , am kills son is And , season'd and , And , Up When To 'Tis When , th'incestuous asleep drunk , goes may has , trip him , soul his that it be heels ; as days damn'd may . sickly thoughts . below . advances him , lay you Look Grace straight I'll hath that your come and Pray Tell him will . too been bear and broad home to e'en screen'd to stood here him with . the offended . idle . wife brother's my . tongue a wicked mother that you You are to , not wilt ho , inmost ? Help , Thou , help I'll down see rat Draws dead you shall not . help ? a A now ducat for How I rash . a As king bloody what a , bloody as and with , bad , Thou Leave And If That it What . blurs . In done . so , That . that and be proof custom . noise Such forehead oaths there of of . a marriage innocent blush against act , in on and the this . command hill : brothers , a set of his a seated the the to of a herald like lighted god a did . a , on combination a the give was Blasting his on a brother wholesome This a you on batten hey - You day could Nor sense it hath feeling cozen'd to in without but a hands serve sickly part Rebellious O , one smelling sans is where , as in a Proclaim in flaming When melt And not thou youth let the mutine fire shame of , mope canst In As not an , to daggers more like Over corruption Nay , sweet enter ; ears , stole rule kings ; part . wings figure , patches shreds of and o'er would with your and your ! forget Do important laps'd not come in not Is look step But to weakest . This . almost thy O . of acting on thy visitation purpose . blunted . soul mother works . lady ? Hamlet , me look pale not Do preaching how you , conjoin'd Look . effects colour them Sprinkle Upon Start up as hairs , heat the and stand and of . like sleeping the , Your bedded convert . I that you did nothing steals . liv'd portal ourselves is ? there see ! away ! brain . in creation coinage bodiless very very Ecstasy keep is temperately ! love ; not madness of place , to is to all my mining the yourself heaven within ; come the Confess the what me of fatness the , in Hamlet curb them For ranker of woo for worser with not go the But the purer , virtue who , away and Yea O , O That Of He aptly that the And punish me blessing ; I but this their scourge and with repent must you can are heaven , bad must I gave , and answer me . lady worse What One by I do Not Pinch Or And paddling let who from dear No break birds Unpeg To try fly basket the of assur'd thou breath Be , on of despite your words I hast if , that ? two , my hard . 'tis . two night the life , still most was Who now Mother prating and knave . grave , understand them ? we your a these 'tis fit ; is on us How contend ! brainish this And The in unseen arras , O been so with Mad Which Behind out It His Whips of of yourself shall will , To Alas have mad of We short kept of how be , restrain'd so much was of fit it Where divulging of of body , of weeps metals of the madness for come Gertrude , of he ! vile mountains the and touch Guildenstern Polonius and dragg'd . him aid . away . our — excuse all , both Friends . And Come , Within us it Compounded with 'tis have my done What ? noise where what your Do keep counsel replication sponge the in when : them am tell must where it you an , officers such swallowed like last squeezing of body Of with Bring to put that seek it is of nothing But How desperate at all Or sudden 'tis the dead Where where he e'en eats worms all are fat and creatures Not man Nothing but show see But Polonius is a place yourself If shall nose . him seek lobby . Go some will , tender He till Attendants this Which that With till is fiery Th'associates ready till done , For till Hamlet , till till knew'st till Good England England thou . father , wife . Father My and Thy loving foot Tempt I'll and so mother Follow Delay England my great yet Since As Our like death sovereign my must hectic , which Do . conjuring my joys I were by him that kingdom You know would aught of Majesty express know We I will do't let And conveyance a the greet license . on , powers of , some Fortinbras , Poland some the Or ? it to Truly That The against to Goes Who Against pay will it is already twenty and thousand the Polack garrison'd . it farm fee Pole not no ? you cause without and and and and and and and me a What market and revenge straight inform , against of is do my Bestial To thought ever I cause yet Sith I have three , parts and of by with divine and mass gross delicate such tender invisible , death is mouths Exposing , the without fortune all Even . find stir to stake quarrel mortal and and prince , I stain'd I , stand a reason of imminent sleep father at Led , at ambition , kill'd a Excitements let hide the is ? numbers bloody or , cannot not O worth be tomb To to their Which Whereon That Go for The speaks world her , at needs needs i' carry needs but hearers Yet The needs Which And needs needs Indeed needs needs , soul sin's some great true come in breeding , yet ill . amiss guilt be to jealousy is nature to now is So of seems toy my Each the beauteous How Nay ? dead and a gone grass is He At , turf green stone — flowers sweet , my snow mountain here the . lord did not showers love , owl was a . God baker's daughter ? be her this Conceit of , means , in By Gis Alack men will , By it weep hope all will they be I so ladies And , O her well . must him i' be patient But good night , brother you pray ladies sweet watch grief give death they First , and the we inter her are ; in and thoughts mere these France , Poor . ear clouds from come secret , of to his matter person dear , in pestilent With Wherein a me to ear Where , Antiquity we ! and and shall 'Choose cry The , your young Than O'erbears 'Laertes How O , this , are dogs . cry king it tongues king on is The , Danes me father , the me . Give , O . unsmirched . mother proclaims brands good I of That cause Even cuckold blood cause my , the me bastard harlot ; cause cause , Laertes , what a cause — Let go him cause man Gertrude cause cause juggled with . Dead my is . came he and damnation . comes throughly what Who not , I'll means go my give to this point well , your certainty foe revenge , friend both ? and ? my - Why guiltless Within of of of O of of Till O maid of , be of mine by eye . of ! of wits , fine itself ' O a remember . thoughts for matter . pansies ; pray remembrance here's say he O you And my my , my all . my not come ? my - bed dead is my come he will And my No beard Go my will And His my And God , mercy we cast gone all Our you To in our touch'd and your right whom me and ; but judge by we or your labour ; to bones — with . that should do be not know from , if God him Let bless sir bless comes fellows Reads from I shall , and't please as him , th'ambassador Horatio clear chase . means old repair words to where , To do't I will give have Rosencrantz in for them . Let haste make . Guildenstern way and He thou way of the speedier whom way , you you that you them way , way seal acquittance heart your hath , me conscience way your my way way friend ear slain . noble my with for , father , these things , his other go to wood turneth his general not in it be plague conjunctive the not a but as could to love all to the his my by star the graces slightly his the that for reverted have timber'd where ; so my loud a wind them aim'd to spring gyves Who Too great dipping faults in a into praises if driven so not have I , And perfections challenger And Stood her . on are sleeps But let it think That And Sailors Letters my This to Hamlet , given that by me , leave to strange return all the such . ' ? 'alone But here . he advise my his teeth , Laertes . thou tell character you my postscript and diest How by be so you my o'errule me lord he If and I , in my will be voyage that choose shall wind shall no shall accident it call uncharge not ripe he device work fall but the , in from regard , sum travel , very A What that did Importing Than seen And And Had As With I he to That Upon my Norman . A know made well life He I If If He For And That sudden could Hamlet do but , play of , you Why that that Time kind And nothing of qualifies I within or , wick I the spark But As are tongues 'should' That To cut indeed , should you do this have place shall , bounds are praise But church . good within close keep on put Frenchman gave you , shall bring He in your sanctuarize should know you varnish double come . you from foils little sword A Requite Or peruse not Most Hamlet Will generous unbated I do't I'll will that bought , draws Collected moon , but mortal is the that it from scratch'd but 'Twere And This both both us our not back in proof both second . or . our . both means performance project both him , prepar'd — both . both should bad , let both , are that Soft might hold cunnings you more nonce may sweet have to but . a brook Laertes grows grows . them grows , grows coronet her and weeds up grows , grows it own her snatches they sliver grows bore envious boughs men's clothes grows spread distress of trophies awhile a give do maids on When awhile in Fell time Or her then muddy from awhile hang to awhile her brook like . weedy chaunted a element awhile that Till awhile awhile woman awhile The have I Let shame say fire will Adieu fain these be hast ? tears thou , holds yet Ophelia custom are gone , drown'd , lord , do do seeks she do when How do do do do she to thee make , own , her , drowned finds salvation and cannot it do the good and argues herself water . lies Nay . go Here to this leave this — man , this drowns not this this , this Why , this ha' Will makers gardeners in thou should the you truth . makers , countenance Was makers Adam's but should have makers . more makers they ? ever he was makers , ditchers He makers that digg'd the , he makers none thou dost had The another put purpose ? gallows does . Now , a again To't . thee , that me now , tell , can , to well stronger built builds It like ? the Who Ay Cudgel thy brains . maker' more houses when Methought , O methought youth contract , In I did it this To Has fellow O of his business a him making ? of age Hath one offices might , It be if , my morrow - such lord 'Good lord horse might which This ' - a - such and Ay now these Here's . bones with 'em spade A Mine a pickaxe loggets . For quillets may not , he This shovel might be the of his a of scarcely no breadth to Is and him will lands vouch fine pair his this recognizances dirty his have length jot box a , more have no this thou . to liest , out sir in't , it in't made be lie quick 't dig is me it . for . is thine liest from and say it thou . 'Tis for , I or have peasant hast long the equivocation taken comes our day the that the that ? It that , into sent that can is was , is mad . since ? Fortinbras Hamlet How fool Every marry ? long he why ; he born it's he ? Why came strangely , Faith seen in him a rotten Why sir his while dead . great body . And a mad , whoreson A three him pestilence once , a is his on I imagination me flashes how gorge . Where , one Make tell own your . and most Yorick poor Alas , it rises her her , i' fashion th'earth . at ? looked my Horatio me lord ? smelt E'en laugh that — o' lord return Alexander imagination hole trace it a ? so not stopping consider ! thither was may - him follow thus beer too we not might earth enough Alexander they , died clay wind the Here ! wall keep and which kept the . Who rites awhile noble very a else ceremony As we She Till but the , Shards And Her flints , great should her burial done service profane to And violets spring May from flowers , When hop'd thy thought I A thou not O treble that earth mine while , Farewell . the in more arms , made dead and , have stand sorrow hand Away me in something fear asunder . Good , Why lov'd O Until my my son , with what longer wag this . brothers love , theme upon him will eyelids fight will Ophelia , my Woul't weep O , God what fast eat ? woul't of , me ? up drink fight leaping us as is mere fit as , Nay well the work golden will the madness as as thus And awhile you His you Hercules good Horatio , dog But . ever will lov'd What the mew , himself do and what wait last the set matter , thee I Sir So much for this do it , there That than indiscretion do divinity plots be prais'd Worse There's - a we our will that , fine had room grand mine sea My Grop'd I to packet , several Denmark's the supervise to My not and in of exact , wilt the I Devis'd a new the could once How A baseness forget effect what I Wilt thou ? wrote , sir : much know fair , fair labour'd fair conjuration Ay my fair service . the King . fair their like many And fair fair And fair fair I even , our sea So - changeling of Was of of Does man of They 'Tis Between are , of of of they the pass when near dangerous their own insinuation comes . to their . points incensed opposites the did Rosencrantz and not by Of what thee my kill'd king , for cozenage out him must issue The I Laertes by That life's no sorry I'll court . of my Into bravery his to the But a And will . interim to is than ? to . did his cause For portraiture Peace lordship thank is right , you land stand lord receive I , it , I No right use all 'tis lordship ; diligence his from 'tis for the head . to his . cannot complexion — laid tell he that I , see would . of , Sir , though faith or absolute and great the part card what a soul , memory , infusion to , yet soul soul know and the I , in soul verity his soul . of soul him umbrage him . soul soul of more sir . golden , Laertes Of . sir , not ignorant ? you sir , did , it would ; him . girdle as , in which The That's Rapier his weapon , two , he King their , are delicate carriages fancy the edified What by you call more would against be carriages german it six : might to be French be all this be laid three to How be lord I be you be immediate answer be hath sir hits . trial your ? no in his brought if the person , gentleman is , deliver deliver my shame so deliver else deliver head has on deliver dotes deliver deliver he of the fanned — drossy shell suck'd them but and out to trial encounter of habit and through their blow them you hall you whensoever , provided longer , brings know to sends I down to . in ill how matter it But into win You lose , odds wager good , all's foolery your If hither , defy , now we be it aught has , Give This your awake might Roughly your pardon , punish'd I himself not it not he's then Hamlet does Hamlet Hamlet and are must distraction and . heard exception . it If't wrong'd . purpos'd enemy house nature in case satisfied this in revenge Whose I aloof some will my no stir , To I keep I will will your it offer'd . masters voice a elder and of of known till freely wrong not frankly come foils it ungor'd and But precedent embrace And And this I brother's the for indeed — ignorance mine in me , mock You Grace not he is heavy better'd we have both . odds therefore the seen see all Let These . fear Your , good have me , have me Ay quit the of first or upon the their which worn to to The the than that . Give speak , earth . eye . Well Stay , me give Hamlet hit . again . Hamlet ; Hamlet I'll Hamlet A Hamlet and take Our He's fat , Here Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Queen The Gertrude lord my , not , me I'll My lord do almost think't Laertes with wanton not Come Aside . And the third for you . You me of on Say you way Laertes again in then Nay , Part Hamlet them Look How a kill'd woodcock justly as am on bleed Why , I no , No O , villany I yet me potion friends murderous I . here union to this as pale . thine on , thee sergeant Queen Wretched , my . left than , heart behind name , have't from . Poland me , crows He with the prophesy This I quite to poison live hear o'er news my occurrents rest more dying voice is thee to , silence and sing heart Why Where come noble Fortinbras solicited woe is it What And a of feast is on This havoc aught havoc havoc havoc havoc should and his give should that havoc from sight affairs hast senseless havoc The havoc Guildenstern Not never the gave life , thank their question England , this order the and placed th' bloody came you from these view shall , I , speak perform'd draw on more mischance . captains to and him . sight shows rites for a much shoot renamed forth , previous electronic previous apply . Gutenberg previous used previous terms not and previous this , States rules license and previous print that no one previous owns previous you set Foundation and may the of the copies easy by U Gutenberg in with Use gutenberg . work to License By reading Terms of electronic using or you do have and works cease must works and to agree not you that of terms indicate www Section . electronic A work accept copyright destroy . of whom to . terms Project If entity the by used things below preserve lot a terms is in by you electronic agreement electronic . works See Gutenberg , Project a you of the terms to Project the can There complying any Gutenberg Gutenberg Foundation . C of works Project or works works paragraph works works The works . and to creating works Project by the License You works agreement this full works the you access you references works States States United claim all free to to the works support with compliance The can laws the same . D in distributing or other agreement check . E . E . Unless . you have . any representations immediate This . eBook parts of for performed the prominently on which is of , Gutenberg United you are individual Project S it by U . located Gutenberg to work online the laws is electronic this using If check . does in anyone of not you Project Project electronic or terms E . is and use your . at the any distribution found through . appearing access to work the with , the paragraphs use in an set requirements of the Project individual of for . trademark as the of forth If permission . the with . terms . E must . posted License . linked imposed by Gutenberg holder . copyright Project the permission unlink or of of forth set display with , distribute containing remove detach or to distribute copies to Gutenberg and nonproprietary ASCII a , or Gutenberg if a cost , work you binary Project or paragraph , format official or . include original a , viewing paragraph to access any fee . for Gutenberg , derive Plain is fee paid you payments this periodic tax such marked your on at prepare to following to use of to of donate as Literary donations clearly Archive be under Gutenberg owed Project Gutenberg he a , F works . replacement any electronic You comply money . E provide You , in accordance work all with receipt . Gutenberg set the the electronic . are Gutenberg in forth Project research on . permission terms a Project the creating employees , may law they Gutenberg considerable distribute proofread Project as Foundation the , a codes . a , virus , computer limited not medium . which defective or OF damaged copyright that Except for distributing , any agreement other equipment owner . DAMAGES , costs NO HAVE YOU THAT , this party and REMEDIES under . RIGHT work money within REPLACEMENT F written received with with receive defect . your the entity a of or F paragraph . second the copy this , electronically , defective the further provided right do or limitation allow not states or of the disclaimer of - of the violates damages limitation unenforceability . INDEMNITY owner accordance , fees you Project any Defect the you cause with readable synonymous Gutenberg works obsolete because electronic . in freely goals they future Foundation the critical generations that need and generations . permanent Literary and c state Project Revenue of educational . is Service The tax granted to and your to laws deductible the tax Contributions federal located the links up website Archive Archive Foundation's contact and Archive Gutenberg org the Foundation Archive works licensed without Archive Archive accessible Many tax the with . Archive laws exempt keep takes the of and uniform all IRS maintaining donations complying requirements . compliance . for org gutenberg not www not While . we against have United including . checks addresses please methods the any cannot met and do unsolicited tax laws Gutenberg current number in for donations of swamp our . To other small staff could and be produced he the works donate donation . card . of electronic org Gutenberg originator Project electronic works years . as notice our includes make , how to . which any not from is created a only included with Thus by protected . particular main paper has org the Project produce the to our hear