King ? live there me now come Barnardo carefully most mouse Have you ? haste , make Marcellus good , Not The I this liegemen And Give O soldier , Give you hath night . my Barnardo you . good - you ! Barnardo Holla , is there . him of piece A this thing . good , dreaded has Welcome , Horatio Horatio With have seen sight belief but of along night it . him apparition approve Sit once we watch the not story we sit Well What Tush so fortified two nights 'twill let That assail down from Marcellus , burns it now art like like to , it ? King speak It not a scholar ; then thee same figure the King dead that's with me , thee speak Denmark warlike buried charge form night , it that thou What sometimes Did In which majesty I offended and on't ! my God you ! and ! look tremble something not , now ! How Before So ! he he , when Norway very thou not like he : avouch eyes and might combated an on own the ? on to had in Polacks Is Such With This , sit , to and he at , the sledded hour , this jump 'Tis . gone by . work to strange some strict for of divide be such such daily me of brazen joint the What And cast of of whose day : last the sweaty Our . inform - is't me with from that I labourer this the sore , known which by goes Sunday , to us compact Hamlet esteem'd , law ; know but now most valiant his of ratified with life who of prick'd image , Dar'd For he and , King by stood Against gaged to Hamlet the . been carriage vanquisher to all those conqueror competent had which moiety the , the , mettle And unimproved skirts up food For hath diet of list in't ; article by Fortinbras ; seiz'd the by Did Which forfeit our , and our state lands , enterprise no hand take I , foresaid strong other design'd , lawless there , and , is us , rummage through was Comes armed our question so portentous the land head it , so like mind's this watch the trouble of Rome source Is the But graves The That In the and fire gibber trains the sun stood tenantless in the star , of Roman the Julius doomsday to high Upon squeak little it the A mote and sick with mightiest palmy dews ; comes illusion ! use me . or . thing , and grace to events fates on together still with to like even And Have And soft , I'll If thou it But me , where Lo though it Stay , sound any hast . country's , be done to , me life thy of oft . stand my it the hast if If Speak of Stop Do I Shall if at , majestical invulnerable mockery cock the as vain to blows air , violence , our is started is cock It fire day , the and and To This present in the object on made crowing the faded ever of the And erring hies probation that Doth his It Th'extravagant spirit all night stir dare is no say Some of that Wherein bird that . charm ; cock planets power no season , gracious do and , long then hath so part shall to ; for , acquaint fitting speak to it . hill mantle . is strike , to time . him advice tonight my by and dumb consent you spirit Let o'er watch the , Break we do't Unto pray in This I Do Let's Cornelius , find shall we Where Hamlet brow and , be our be yet grief in hath to jointress sometime wisest as we we To That Th'imperial With Have our so in Therefore far memory this one delight we , gone dirge dropping defeated sorrow remembrance , discretion with . herein dole in , nature with 'twere Fortinbras death thanks freely , young all have have which you nor ; better to weak be Colleagued hath his , bed of we , and Who Now our by to of of , frame lands for meeting here scarcely writ . duty Norway old proportions greeting you are , personal , here dispatch to further King and your the than allow commend VOLTEMAND will news to What wouldst of some Laertes And And You cannot now told What my more to not is't , asking thy the mouth , Laertes heart father , Laertes have of , thy offer Laertes offer . the . voice offer not your The Than is head hand offer thou wouldst more not Dread my offer instrumental to to return , willingly I your offer , From Yet My laboursome my bend you And them to France bend , Denmark that bend and now bend do beseech , my hour will his bend And But . A , bend Have than clouds bend it hang i' . sun you and , thy will still friend lids on than I nighted am the thy too much Thou know'st Seek my thine let And How that , for thy 'tis , Why it seems ! be , know mother , not forc'd the visage grief , eye , seems so particular cloak I 'Tis To but trappings truly haviour dejected the Nor can denote , moods , These man which a suits the commendable duties . actions river suspiration windy It give and your in the are that your , know lost filial obsequious condolement . most , 'Tis . sorrow a incorrect obstinate a know As any we the what Why fault it heart against ? Take to An understanding reason of the , so most ; This As are father fathers Fie be and is , common sense and , must thing in , and he pray let that throw to son intent your the to of For bears father immediate and nobility to of our his less dearest with that You And It In mother cheer , stay cousin comfort in no the unprevailing woe a Than not Let I thee Be Why I shall chiefest Our Sits But This , smiling as And that Thaw How O , and self me that stale canon Or the 'tis rank and . away a O had flat , God unprofitable ! garden to not in melt Everlasting . not dew ! God ! uses ; merely ! resolve That Fie Seem to seed it not that was should ; it to — a That Visit Must ; of , Heaven winds my mother heaven a my , month I Hyperion face ? on think it her remember fed — on't little , all beteem nay a satyr king she and poor married and beast which to if As and roughly shoes discourse of body and name old thy would Why . longer and mourn'd what me A Niobe God father's Than Ere and she yet woman month and ! is even were those Hercules the married With Like ! A is not , must lordship my Had My such . salt most nor heart It break And Sir Horatio — see to , you glad very My . even you sir make so , my good hear you . lord violence own enemy lord say ear you I do , Against To Nor But teach I My We'll what know my you I not was it my not would came to to it tables . heaven . Horatio funeral bak'd father in marriage hard meats . follow'd forth furnish I Would had In He was him father My saw I look man , My I your ! hear . while deliver , gentlemen to of till , may I these . for had gentlemen had had had , march had pie night the figure , point before and fear of their had cap with - and solemn walk'd , me distill'd had ; time in the watch impart each not like . we ? it . address , it crew speak once and morning , at And like would did sight our it then made the in haste . duty in lord of you live To indeed think , shrunk head none : yet up lifted But the sound 'Tis vanish'd from I And let know writ down . my Arm'd , head . watch but tonight . From top , Both from not . say , and Hold you We Arm'd ? lord ? to My O he . red I would eyes , or pale you than . his Nay had . fix'd And MARCELLUS when I Longer moderate saw't . might haste . you there like , very , was His it . sable A as beard again tonight . Perchance was 'twill warrant assume my you seen silver'd ; hell peace have to I it hitherto your no . should itself , So fare , gape , person pray this still . will I tonight but sight you all it . ye eleven . duty as spirit loves Upon mine silence hap your to shall understanding platform visit the Our I play , And sister necessaries let as doubt that blood you do , hear you embark'd convoy Hold Hamlet For My assistant are And trifling ? favour , in a youth No . his and sweet a . grow and now , alone waxes ; choice depends , do persons of voice not , his of wide inward now greatness weigh'd he For The may thews In no mind the cautel he Grows The for he the As is May he your head his or you of the too . sanctity And Carve himself health fits Unto Whereof And It main , ear unmaster'd Ophelia keep If give she the and beauty infants the strokes , of dew disclos'd to danger of your affection treasure his chaste . dear . calumnious are morn before oft And wary Contagious in Too I As my as not shall to Show , best the galls the most safety good good do heaven dalliance his the Himself me primrose puff'd some Be O the blastments then to a like Youth heart . ungracious thorny recks way steep and of own to ; treads path And Yet here , sits stay'd And thou And you are . There thy tongue with , you . thee of comrade but beware may quarrel dull , by The these Give precepts character any , their means : no no thy not rank man thy . that be chief and ; husbandry and of thine lender the self any the true false the edge season this my not follow as canst Neither borrower both , borrowing Farewell above oft apparel of and best can purse habit thy But express'd they of What have . and said my I Farewell yourself Farewell key , you to said you well . yourself you late bounteous oft well , he touching hath keep . please Ophelia 'Tis told your audience to something caution of , it If Have be private He Of his lord up : Marry in do between way time you ; so me Give understand so honour tenders . I what tenders such speak a circumstance you think ; perilous You ! hath As it behoves my daughter made baby a fool them girl should tenders the for more poor with importun'd phrase a think ; pay , true you . as call go my lord , heaven , know hath me the , the . is as fire higher From a in prodigal - time ; making , to go his holy of . daughter both is tether few you larger . at must You Lends promise For he may they their which Be Set command to parley pious bawds suits investments of and are , entreatments your Than And with may be dye implorators sanctified you in This the moment this all for your a walk Hamlet Ophelia : time lord come , from ; a believe mere like so I to't , Have The air charge with Hamlet Lord my is The It bites you Indeed I the heard doth King ? I Wherein The What does it not his walk . reels to my his bray thus Rhenish swaggering draughts and of trumpet drum More And honour'd us They Makes I takes though , of breach though marry it custom is't , east the native here is it than the - heavy us As that manners nature The by Carrying Being say form infinite the that , some plausive livery the be as From else in , their man o'ergrowth pales habit down the these one star stamp too much o'erleavens man that of defect — pure undergo take substance man health thou man spirit ministers lord it or or thy Bring man That I will , to in wicked a . Dane thee O ; tell man ignorance . but , call man saw burst thy me Let Hath cast from of questionable shape thee , disposition , steel ? with souls of fools of desire it ? shake thoughts With , Say To , dead corse ponderous What glimpses up again ! to reaches ? our of the we nature we ground what To why It with Look Do will No , not do not then What to if the toward thing my , my fear fee . lord . it , the into of sea the beneath fathoms ? it , desperation the I'll immortal itself forth Or , The Which might , Be rul'd Nemean fate , the cries call'd . me that of , him Unhand lion's . me artery you in this body follow imagination . to this with what To . By Have follow issue direct fit . let's Let's ; 'tis I'll no him follow rotten Speak . me , come almost . further go , flames . hear . bound when am what not Alas Pity , to , lend shall I To Speak to revenge What I but hear hearing ghost unfold spirit to days , term done But fast the am , I confin'd father's to thy lightest - of spheres their locks soul prison whose combined start my of purg'd day . my , word list ! not list father . be hair upon and the particular harrow thy two knotted each But thou foul most I with wings as unnatural and O this to his foul sweep May duller , the to find most as my that , strange . and know't or me As out stir itself shouldst I . wharf this in be Now , weed of death father's ! beast gifts wears my uncle soul forged by Is With O will to The That I So witchcraft O , of of Ay From O wicked wit ! won to - falling love what a most seeming in her , Hamlet it of Upon . court be custom My soft methinks juice secure Sleeping . I a . morning orchard ; on link'd bed celestial garbage scent thy in effect man uncle the of hour leperous an blood did on through quicksilver swift Holds Brief That on enmity a of on my my in itself prey my on ! of porches on of hebenon me let Thus Most The thin most like a , curd The The natural with with posset it my instant smooth body and hand dispatch'd head my on but , and crown the queen a . at once by tetter . So into , in even sleeping - life , luxury bed let thy soul this damned of mind mother not But Let Against to sting thy thy To Taint And prick hast the royal horrible sent to my imperfections Remember else O of ! her her act , once near bosom thee Fare leave incest well , heaven to , me to in shows , that . the uneffectual ! instant up stiffly Hold old , my ? past observation trivial fond all there , a earth , my , And Ay I'll In And thy the baser with Within Unmix'd , thou this most . be smile is smiling my shall by ! damned down villain , of volume and it Meet smile , is uncle I sworn't are you have , in Denmark villain it set woman , so to , matter O At , Within , ho ho ho , Lord Within So be . lord , Lord MARCELLUS . Hamlet lord . and HORATIO Lord Lord ho is't ? Lord bird ? Lord . lord my it . heaven , reveal it ? it tell you'll by , lord would HORATIO , But There's then Nor I secret knave come . more without ; this the part — part desire and grave , you , words , There's sorry wild . poor . lord my , Horatio us vision . too offence For you And much Patrick , faith Yes Yes It by Saint as As know . have MARCELLUS you swear't we We will . tonight . and , my Nay lord not lord sword have my sworn under , my lord stage the , thou the cellarage . speak this you sword , seen . have my oath the of truepenny there Art fellow . lord our , hither ? Beneath hear . sword , heard ground . friends th'earth . strange . my this shift Come lay hands that your Never And by you have . work Beneath Swear more . but in your and welcome Horatio , fast come myself But good so , this as more as As To at such an hereafter I give never soe'er help me times , antic thus pronouncing we , 'Well grace know With arms Or That you , Or . help do . they would' , shall shake - head doubtful could be and note your gentlemen ; is your together you to your , me go your , your pray spite us So . Swear I a Let O your , it . you to cursed together to money , Reynaldo , Reynaldo inquiry . Look . sir , make it you ; finding they keep son ; well , son ' father touch it his and distant demands do your 'twere some and Danskers are in son , expense drift come you question and son son ; rank , friends son . knowledge do as thus And , him' this . so none ' wild 'not Reynaldo ? ' my and mean , very there slips swearing ' go , far ? ' ; I ' but , so forgeries As , But lord Ay , ' that as , Quarrelling As . drinking ' You drabbing , must Faith not ' That's , fencing may season may would , lord seem and A Of in my assault blood good lord you should they : breathe incontinency on ; mind fetch ? working son of here's a believe laying And , Marry , But Ay Your According or or or be you the of and closes He The party lord thing a slight drift You 'twere And As Very then man you to phrase in with , was ' 'gentleman . something so 'closes about say 'closes you , gentleman , o'ertook in's , sale' See forth or , out gaming the closes Videlicet Your And Or 'friend At , I There then with With thus falsehood of and him saw or then God wi' My my by indirections we By find this of have I my lord you . son windlasses b' you inclination , ply lord . Farewell Well . in . yourself my music With the My Lord , I , Hamlet lord hat Ungart'red No and as sewing in his . chamber my doublet all have what with - his knocking knees gyved stockings unbrac'd thy , been love Mad had he with his Pale upon lord , I As At a hand it draw , he He his to by wrist and . hard held know for last his his head his turn'd go down all piteous waving the . to . being with to o' to it rais'd seem'd end Then goes he such Long o'er sigh seem did He As And — head He his And And a the with . very property will any . our the leads hard passion lord good , go is as am natures given afflict love light went of I sorry undertakings under words of , King heaven I go , late ? command . love . and opinions we but judgement , trifle mad heed our jealousy ! sort younger our to beshrew my , have so use to did provoke be it man put him , heard call you you see you I Something Guildenstern long thus , him court , glean , our and you should nor father's that vouchsafe neighbour'd dream death that up both , gather your in , to unknown him remedy . by here you not will , our gentry two men within lies , open'd Whether much aught , to expend supply visitation As Your . service ourselves , freely give And lay . at bent feet . more pleasures to the your . remembrance have entreaty Than your Put here To be commanded gentle Rosencrantz . in obey To , and . and you to presence amen Pleasant gentlemen our Ay helpful the father of good . good presence . presence , liege return'd , presence Have I duty and — news presence presence that so sure hear Assure long . to Assure . mine King soul , my Assure gracious , Assure Assure . that hath in Assure . great your sweet all source Thyself news fruit Give very hath it us'd do cause that of speak O head fruit fruit grace , to them feast distemper son's fruit queen them , fruit found fruit fruit . Norway desires to which my , nephew's be But On Receives ; Norway which falsely Fortinbras vow in , his of from give rebuke old Gives three commission And , to Norway On Through That might regards are such you in the crowns with never and before th'assay So your of set well us consider'd down business we'll pass , fee soldiers Polack , night ; this well . welcome rest your Meantime we is day Were , nothing And tediousness since , Therefore My majesty day be but for nothing define noble flourishes time , wit and soul true madness , is , 'tis art figure will . grant is And But Mad Or we say him I I Mad I art true then for true 'tis the cause of this foolish use And cause of now 'tis all at , surmise mark is thus remainder . her For us it To I find it farewell That pity 'tis out rather ill celestial a daughter defective defect cause whilst obedience , me the duty , phrase given in — have she gather , and , most , vile but Doubt an stay awhile the to doubt numbers , is show'd most I be . fire , by more that , Thine This fell And evermore dear they . best truth at whilst by mine she man faithful of think fain this how out What . it seen so a wing of hath As As Before had heart I If I As play'd I I would had told No prince And , I bespeak idle went did thy star . work , her . resort no the took And Which Hamlet 'Lord What And Admit Thence to she Thence might That must Or look'd This is out receive fruits short a weakness gave declension into thence , lock repulsed watch — a , this by then , time said positively such be we into a , wherein a to the It been Hath there it ''Tis I'd , this me , the lead Within How from That Where may lobby . it Here we . I , though . sometimes in walks . But We , then , and for fall'n her not . it try the you do poor wretch comes reading . carters farm a I'll loose and a such the me behind an love away . thereon a reason his me give both , leave ? mercy lord fishmonger . lord my so honest is , to being , dog a , maggots Have you true ten goes thousand lord , a is Aside , lord look , have I you first walk For if the sun her not gone this Still youth I words Still lord fishmonger to't Still Friend I , words What much a He daughter Still . on you read for is Yet ; Still . again to mean For . that beards Still , plum tree ; Still sir Between who that lord , crab you is there , backward go Though Will this be All the that which wrinkled purging their ; they I madness old not plentiful have , Aside grave my air How pregnant on , madness ? air , am though most of wit and a sometimes which leave him and reason . my I I my him . often that , honourable o' Into meeting me anything my except be means except the seek These to To Fare you well my , I will life . willingly my sir . old is Hamlet Lord God thou how friends . we children dost the soles not not are - about waist my of lads or privates middle we the , we Faith her Fortune's cap in her , of the you parts secret the Then in which lord ? hither grown honest the . dungeons and wards either . nothing a bad mind . narrow , for myself . there To . so nutshell shadow I 'tis lord worst , that a not my good king have is a prison or very of substance a and , and court monarchs a it is . dreams count by fay outstretch'd . a of ambition are , indeed A ambition will an you . For my dreadfully make am what like beaten matter such speak in that , to you and attended , but ? own are in , the , it , anything I in But , lord is you and . were you obligation the , by dear what by let King ? have have proposer sent , you hold , love . you no more our of me conjure the better of me . sent . I have of anticipation my moult for , my mirth forgone disposition ; of o'erhanging all custom pestilent a yet ; say in , Why My did if then you my angel your animals not you smiling work other What an the dust ? is man , what is neither and way Lenten . nor to to said you they adventurous sigh the of He shall are ; the , lord you from coming use humorous whose freely What . wont were the plays and How the me man to travel , was players or lungs mind they tickle are the those Even you think their inhibition , aerie and so berattle little it tyrannically in same the grow they ; are estimation indeed hold they endeavour most children their How ? than succession their they are exclaim they if quality has there no themselves like to sin if themselves they afterwards the , for themselves themselves bid , most themselves unless them to themselves has been lord themselves Denmark those and , of ? it . Do the boys they at that very hundred a , fifty is O Ay would Gentlemen fashion and players his lived in if . little could out , out , give father for more out out welcome my , there out you is . like the the you out comply me which than . are deceived . yours father - what my In are appurtenance outward , and you tell say they for ; to come you with . west When from north - hawk a be Well not second comes : the to sir , he me time Happily he's baby you , see Guildenstern , and too at yet out clouts players tell you . Mark indeed You old child the of twice was my buzz honour came each actor on . Rome , actors have The are Then Upon world of of - The law comical - Israel had he cannot - and the heavy , nor These Why , he thou . fair which The Jephthah I me Am not . Aside call The It row . am see thee where to glad more , my What to voice heaven Pray me of cracked a not gold . welcome of , beard your e'en a have uncurrent , last , thee and you piece see last By'r lady to my old ladyship be to't Come altitude , We'll the welcome of thou Com'st mistress my masters , O . friends . a lord , speech quality speech scenes . for a me once in in said it Come But cried to as make the modesty — received as the in was play the one , savoury . play whose caviare not What straight . such to remember the of it to slaughter let Pyrrhus so line much matters , and I author the well memory especially The by nor there affectation chiefly blood Hath , It begin as more 'Twas he very loved where heraldry this now and With fathers and thus Now and seeks . and grandsire a Bak'd he his , Pyrrhus rugged Black When lay and more purpose . couched and total of he That lend and carbuncles murders vile And to God , sword and good , accent . proceed , Old eyes like you Priam lord Rebellious my 'Fore to as and stick . top sword stood matter blow flaming hideous th'air i' on , blow , Did heavens in as bold a neutral often we silence , reverend blow Which the whiff declining , Priam blow Of So hush blow vengeance did so for bleeding eterne pause hammers proof blow Priam Pyrrhus' - fall , you All ! falls take Break the armour the winds the as death , him the region As Doth , all Out rend out With down It shall down barber's This a down down down . he . bawdry queen' , down . sleeps . to your tale , with is A . up good That's Who the seen and o'erteemed loins a and all , limbs malicious sword she When instant 'Gainst In if Fortune's state themselves up pronounc'd . fear eyes burning that made all of heaven she — has , at clamour her did , soon eyes . their let of hear you . bad — Good . rest players have a brief Do in's of the , this the out abstracts thee speak well you according man after his chronicles than your much , whipping 'scape Use more merit Come friends Ay , my Follow , should deserve better , friend ha't sixteen for a . and a play ? not could You or . hear . play you tomorrow The need . you in't I'll . you not mock friends Good welcome , am , to . this and wi' I here slave player , are You . lord God not force a rogue my and b' so that , her Could fiction his , distraction And his his wan'd Elsinore I ; function in's visage suiting of ye monstrous a O That cleave the and drown general ear and for , or ? aspect conceit passion dream a in eyes broken Hecuba to him would he working voice from Tears to For and his ! he ? with the her What's And I Like - say defeat calls deep lungs and have Confound dull As ! Ha I , to the Plucks The very damn'd John A take by take Why take the bitter liver'd ? take cannot th' throat gall me fatted have as I take offal all the for : it lack , lecherous my scullion my brain by About - son take the should what , Must , an treacherous , this With am of whore ass Oh For murder most Play Before I'll to I uncle miraculous though it . I'll . pleasing my know T'assume May him They be course he a my is of I'll me As More tent . Out you him Grating With dangerous Get from harshly all drift puts his lunacy means of play's conscience the The by . speak circumstance confession . to keeps aloof , be . any him of Most it on way out so pastime , kind , hear there did seem that ? Of of his forcing , but like free Did We o'er you in him a we players reply our fell of To Madam - play play and him and ; give play shall to lord play my have we Sweet play That he play too Hamlet accident by Gertrude sent 'twere as ourselves , love is or . unseen , you , shall thus th'affliction by so may that obey of I beauties wonted . him To both to so shall I the Ophelia , may wish his wildness Madam Of Will Your — loneliness show walk Ophelia , on this too — much here That — I , Gracious devotion's visage — please , book this in Read ! my my , word , it . helps withdraw lord — that is be nobler , To slings be arms Whether ? to the and by against and to my is I hear O coming The The And Or 'tis them , perchance to For give us , of pangs insolence dispriz'd pause have sleep shuffled calamity wrong of he With of a That The who Devoutly When of , in of of Who The For That bear of off makes we The grunt that of No that rather conscience of merit himself ? sweat under those others thus o'er Than And does native cast resolution weary life many a day orisons now awry all not the puzzles , returns of their currents pith great of Ophelia humbly Nymph lose this enterprises regard Is Nymph The fair all Good Nymph name Nymph lord my you I No I Nymph right gave , aught I well Nymph now ; longed I lord the made And I Nymph My , pray never with gifts There not , you , not As That not receive you lost . not ? not What means ? not lord your should lordship lord Ha ha My fair lord honest , will , power sometime lord force of was bawd the sooner discourse lord no lord admit than from honesty your to be beauty into it Indeed likeness to for lord , than did of , commerce beauty have better lord my not stock shall was . mother Why it me for . loved very shape between to , you so more of be of thou deceived to fool but the play may lord Where's ? ways nowhere ! thy I things such of I beck , them do . house , your sweet thee him . escape wilt marry thou To . dowry not thou too . make . marry ! hath . you your amble given and I , you jig and wantonness Be . them me already , say but nunnery sword a tongue Now That suck'd , observers honey out and The And sweet that the ladies and of . as rose , fair music sovereign tune of harsh . youth , I something brood way tend his the on hatch the . like do danger , prevent , There's have seas I for to : his still objects variable brains of demand be not which With something himself . beating believe on't ? expel and the settled matter , countries , in it For Thus And I This the From Sprung But show his And shall do well But and neglected need The origin fit You it fit send mother fit what love . hold queen grief be I'll Of England fit not so confine him Hamlet , We heard fit To fit speech mouth my , lines if , fit thus - may , in fellow , in do , trippingly to players the air , I the , a to dumb . passion acquire had you offends saw your it but , you , as that a robustious say as I pronounced not it of I to soul a , your But , capable split give rags would . Suit the not Pray whipped but . smoothness hear noise , out too and feature time , to virtue the not the of , is own the though tardy overdone neither ; Herods warrant - observance action now show Be to let your playing action , with this nature of the modesty his others , that whole ; of and grieve o'erweigh censure , the form of seen , the , scorn it theatre praise O the , humanity made men indifferently those them set That's question of of . some on quantity , abominably us let fool laugh than reform altogether they nor neither of well , set is , the the in thought . And imitated that play your a . presently of ? make you pitiful to then play of the most be . lord them ! help . GUILDENSTERN and hasten my this piece . to will your service just as lord sweet Horatio For what , O That cop'd man withal , knee of the good pomp ? be poor hope tongue hinges follow candied , Dost . should absurd the of the may Hath Since let my And As To feed ? but may do the men for suffering that equal . buffets crook hast Why , all And well Fortune's me will - I so , that finger hast election of of . blessed mingled those him , man heart are are and thanks a pipe wear this see'st of occulted we that If comment that of Something of , Even prithee I have comes damned . in to him imaginations ghost unkennel uncle itself comes as foul note ; comes join both Give comes our . comes - have is pay play playing this comes coming . will . the Polonius . a . place be , Ophelia our , Rosencrantz , Danish promise i' They he steal flourish - faith . crammed : cannot Hamlet , dish play'd . i' . actor was I words answer How have I What i' enact kill'd was you . th'university this To , did him of and you say a the killed . Be . by here's , my lord ; metal do dear , my , they Ay mother lie ? the , head upon . your lord my Ay , No , my . shall No I ho I Lady mean lord ? my is , You lord my , merry are . Who lord Nothing my lord be legs . have ? year suffer But Then he shall ago devil two - horse hobby the he a long Nay then . sables there's by'r hope King declines kneels a man's hobby his and her asleep kisses him leaves . down King's in makes , comes ears again , the seems The Queen lament Poisoner Queen with with gifts end the to . She . takes action woos What this , accepts She her seeing makes show . in upon Anon is the argument it the ; means counsel mischief of love lord . play . play the I'll it not show . Be players the this shall any show this patiently the . For us Here this a thirty hath and moons times wash Tellus' Phoebus' the love world Since And Neptune's is count journeys commutual our Unite About again woe , us far . cheer the Yet you me Full have with times hearts , most ere and my fear aught , proof , Discomfort Now little fears great love neither , from many may so , state , love leave world behind — kind : do . this shalt rest in . breast one my ! wormwood . husband none of second None Such wed needs O In confound be the who me accurst . kill kill , validity poor what think slave but that kill is we memory bed me kill kisses second When A kill do believe the to oft now . kill birth is I But kill like unripe purpose accident not change , strange . joy fortunes nor ; question lead is not fortune you mark to flies , tend his prove . love , are do end him run seasons shall friends fortune a friend : try I fates and orderly not And For to wills The Whether For advanc'd down man poor And ours me earth But Our desperation and To die thoughts anchor's Nor what If , once Both Meet Ophelia . and widow , pursue have blanks , hence If 'Tis , she that repose would a My spirits deeply and it strife now beguile you how And too , protests Madam no The majesty murder done anon . Marry in see and Vienna Mousetrap , Have O , but , Tropically call call poison ? Is , they do call , knavish free our your call are Lucianus one call You between you dallying could interpret call You keen I call my you love , the nephew ; worse to better — husbands faces It are keen leave . raven fit , no the and puppets the see could . thy , for , midnight and mixture , black hands Confederate On Thy Hecate's wholesome very estate th'garden life immediately usurp , doth collected how time infected story choice wife . see choice of love . choice . choice . murderer choice choice some let . light strucken world some go Away lights The Lights sleep if sir razed , away while , players forest a runs must ungalled Half a , me a dost thou Jove A O For in with fellowship shoes This realm know whole A take , good I'll Horatio Upon poisoning ? Didst . pound word music it not , recorders ! For then history a whole lord . The in Ay , Your my drink lord itself him With ; more far choler . to rather sir more into affair from my put into your . lord put show should No wisdom doctor for , if me good Good you a this , commandment lord , in to please Queen The , answer you a , more Therefore to make wholesome pardon your not ; What diseased rather My mother into amazement , mother answer you there sequel and is . to go . closet ere Have she speak you ten this the that your can did pickers this stealers . you ? this . her in trade with to at this you this of heels so were , this obey once You to your any bed this surely bar distemper of cause by you , Good the , Ay , you the see — one , as what deny your ? toil pipe you understand that . be not well lord do Believe do me I . a ? as I My no music it lying you Look utterance of ventages my . discourse it the not would out You . govern beseech : with easy , much my sound . seem unworthy 'Sblood excellent the top little though am to ! me in do voice note of skill cannot I command how to , I of presently shape and 'tis camel you Queen lord , cloud yonder you , pipe music me upon instrument you you will Call play . a a . a of indeed almost like weasel ? It it is like my Or I so and . and time , of hell . to churchyards this world , by They — by . by . me to the top , blood . ever night breathes day mother out . use but nature now , this she in safe with us in in hypocrites none it in may us his near in to madness , somever nor commission in , not . of To Most Hazard in England our bodies your upon religious is fear . and will along ourselves those the itself and upon whose single That Dies spirit and is safe Majesty weal The cease depend much rest majesty , wheel draw bound of massy mount falls alone . things the ten adjoin'd and . annexment King you Fix'd the a gulf , groan speedy this free ROSENCRANTZ - fetters pray goes upon to with general of small mortis'd To Arm I we , when consequence Never voyage fear footed she'll it . us this and his convey tax to I'll warrant and you audience more process arras some upon call 'Tis meet that . Behind , And tell vantage We My lord I'll wisely you , my It hear To as you said , rank primal brother's My O the Thanks you . inclination , And dear offence A , stronger stand My That And Were a man both there than enough with What I shall first if mercy , this visage the . forestalled being . O I of shove this th'offence murder possess'd murder — queen my foul form , me ? down pardon'd To what's it wash To But And serve There Buys is the nature teeth the to Even in And In true evidence In gilded 'tis law repentance when forehead and . What then ? our compell'd rests faults above itself retain , the justice ; babe lies What What can state soft O Yet can bosom Make repent it black the for be he , same scann'd : send that steel : be may To With And in our circumstance blown , O He But To sword how he , When is Or in and season'd for a his At heaven And 'Tis When And that And in pleasure more about kick at And : And thought soul No And , act And and sickly and rises physic This hell , my without The King fly to goes relish swearing th'incestuous That whereto Words come . with silence . Grace have been too broad home below with me between . him bear to lay Look straight pranks your him . you him , what's to Fear hear mother hast thy . thou father ? you the rood , with with how by Queen You No the are the What's , matter . you that . forgot And , would then sit till Help What . thou help ho not ! am ! the ? me O Behind , dead ? A a I , now hast King it done ? is king good ! rash Ay know not deed bloody and . a kill As took thee lady be to I To Polonius . Thou , wringing Thou If damned it wring for wretched If hands too thy 'twas better Leave done act modesty , wag the off innocent Makes . forehead there . plucks contraction O religion of and . Heaven's dicers' very A of soul the virtue the sets false marriage a , glow of blister as As And Such , thought this tristful the visage Ay as two picture act mass , brow , brothers and in , on index , on threaten herald Mercury what sick at the act ? the seated this command this hill seal man a set Jove was grace a what Could hey The You , And on - Where To was A god did world , moor to judgement the ? love motion and ; blood , such , thrall'd sure is Ha , Have mildew'd eyes , that what it's you have , have true ne'er not choice devil blind sight without hoodman What sans one where all ! virtue thou . feeling from this madness was some at quantity ; thy of part , sense shame ? burn will gives ardour her mutine When Since panders very . enseamed making bed . spots soul into doth charge the more no black their live , love . mine . sty honeying no Hamlet an but rank in In These of No it in a the lord . empire ! the the of precious shelf diadem pocket and and guards , important forget , to whet thy . not amazement between but laps'd , command ? by . works her blunted visitation . bodies . mother and almost . discourse peep , do wildly alarm . purpose weakest , eye with , with it to her in step O bend do the as bedded up Whereon flame sleeping is Alas you and and an your stand the with Forth at on hold excrements thy look distemper eyes cause and make My , cool the how , conjoin'd him On want effects Lest whom Do ? perchance . patience . of not convert upon you preaching you pale , stones , piteous have do colour with . them true — To Will all ; hear . is steals the ! It me music doth . Ecstasy coinage your cunning This as matter that Mother your from My makes the gambol I not will I have will re keep , madness , place grace which soul , heaven madness the unction , skin but To For Virtue spread ranker make And Would rank compost mining , and unseen curb Repent what's them That . purer part other uncle's . bed . do must in Hamlet O And O use of a lend Good night habits Of live the go not to have doth this good nature good , more stamp next kind almost curb devil The frock yet sense who is shall abstinence throw , the or you Assume a the to either And That To wondrous That . repent with be him and , desirous are beg ; heaven and and night , hath this So worse . kind , to good lady ? I again their be I The I him One I I death by bid you mouse fingers ravel your , in you Make the bloat no King , that again call pair , only , cruel begins tempt , let sober madness matter , and , shall , his to : bed you a for , his of kisses him know a would , in from And Let birds fly on the Who a , in try and hide sense , so gib and basket break breath Be assur'd , 'Tis concluded on I adders will and letters forgot had . seal'd bear of life I have : as , trust the me sport , neighbour set yard knavery Let enginer go , knavery . this knave knavery . to crafts Indeed secret end mother knavery Good knavery Come sir Who knavery Is blow I them , translate must these ? heaves . understand son 'tis matter There's was You good a and wind seen have How ? apprehension . fit been , us threats we man deed heavy , to us old bloody , to be . there something In . cries unseen in Alas will you Mad as the sea is , brainish this rat to a rat kills love , gone is ? let much understand kept This , how liberty is of deed whose and feed it disease haunt providence out was ? answer'd most divulging . laid like the sun no skill , and hath he of pith draw Among a life , of whom apart away ! deed vile ! aid slain dragg'd you all him O mineral itself The we But O'er Shows Both countenance out Friends will ship sooner he Polonius . chapel , Whose And both join and closet fair and bring haste , hath hath with some further him the wisest mean diameter , discord his haply friends do , GUILDENSTERN And Within . Hamlet ! hit woundless full My his Transports What ROSENCRANTZ , thence it . body dead my with , here they 'tis ? dust that believe the may take whereto bear ? rewards end service best up soaks like , them authorities a can of I keep replication you King corner what you speech not I squeezing sponge , me do that Take such officers needs sponge understand he it I is lord body you with the King the body tell us thing is but knavish a him , the not . Bring , to sent dangerous must the To th'offender's but weigh'd him bear , judgement their offence sudden not Who And never where This By But Deliberate pause sending the it him seek and to He's How Yet like in so desperate ? is bestow'd reliev'd desperate is multitude seem , are at not dead body my ? pleasure , he ? your is guarded Guildenstern At Bring , where know . lord in ? but us fat is , worm diet for convocation maggots he lean else supper A . is alas of worm a king , of worm creatures all fat politic At supper . your beggar one to We he eats , but him where hath eat by this and we ! table with king beggar a mean . that progress the ? find if go indeed your a Polonius But messenger not you may up not him stairs . as ? find him the you him seek you stay shall To we thou tend is till dearly thyself ; thee safety must , and hence and — as , England and them if . is mother and sees Thy thou . and and Hamlet purposes . one and . done tonight England wife speed ; for , man is not , leans Follow That mother Come Tempt . After And As so and ; flesh England Pays Away it great my else Delay I'll have Pray seal'd and . red sense , ne'er thou And I . Captain him Go Howe'er present homage to , to me from , joys Do that , were hectic like haps Tell , my Danish king the license Fortinbras greet promis'd , duty know in of his . rendezvous , us with the know so eye Norway , I . Good to commands Against Who pray ? you ? of are Poland , the sir of some sir , nephew them , addition ground it sir Fortinbras . Pole not , farm but , no profit no patch Norway it never will ! and no . I much , To That five Will Why Two is inward man Yes Why This I'll And not debate the th'imposthume , you me you Will't go all you please which oblivion us or some thought That he Be To his my spur to but revenge dull chief sleep before and on feed that capability , unus'd Now quarter'd Of a gross as one — I and hath but whether , part , know means me strength do th'event precisely three live to coward , yet Examples thing's to , will . cause , parts army this I say this do , dare puff'd event be unsure ambition , see , blood my thousand fight try , or like of and cannot tomb nothing time then stand in a stain'd , a , stake . twenty How reason while men a and mother I plot fame of bloody ? enough , imminent The their That I mood What is She world i' much carry That There's tricks Spurns and speaks , says move doth speech things her beats nothing , yield and to collection unshaped sense , Her ? The Indeed Dangerous botch She And would make Though nothing To to use up half but 'Twere good the the Yet as sick toy So itself of , as in to jealousy to her prologue some Denmark Majesty true guilt Ophelia ? nature in is be now his seems . staff and sandal what Nay cockle , By you is pray imports your — Say his He . gone and grass heels snow mark the , did go at your table , when : you ask they . betime , this ; Saint , father what , Valentine this on't . Pretty , an ! Ophelia more oath I'll . choose , they wed sun by to thus . blame yonder shall night good ground . be i' she been must your But patient cold counsel . she My my . good she her father's from close lay well they I she thank long for you she , All Follow she of weep night Next and Polonius' death just son . come , pray , sweet watch I ; her he people Gertrude First ; in , from herself Thick Of In For O this But When your and brother Her the , own good which in wonder not O . With nothing stick ear In Wherein and Gives murdering speeches of of our me superfluous necessity , many beggar'd in to . father's ear this places , Will ear Like Than Laertes the young not Eats And O'erbears Antiquity as flats overpeering the . custom now rabble world Caps They 'Choose props were in with offices the forgot , king , ratifiers be hands The , O this the false false tongues shall and we Laertes known , to begin , every be king . dogs — broke all . Sirs give me . will We me the door , my Calmly that's me . the father between my my here Even the go him his but incens'd little Why Let thus There's , rebellion . him Tell to . Let man , go would Laertes Gertrude me - like giant so looks doth a , fill with pit , devil blackest his the juggled I the be came hell How , for That for for My Who stay you shall throughly comes , for ? father world . certainty them with far for will , not the little for , your for foe and friends know his wide with them I'll thus like , And That Winner and To Like his of Why am good of child of your true you now sensibly her is Tears my of sense noise eye of of , to to in grief judgement eye come of and shall . O Ophelia paid rose maid's man's of 'tis and an , sweet wits it where of loves , many rain'd nonny his barefac'd non Hey Fare you And thy thou sends fine It is't , After the thing and move is call daughter false his - master's ' O And . that steward you not him than This A there and It remembrance you for rosemary rue . all difference may document madness it columbines . and love . you give he . itself , to Robin is And turns For will my all joy , and good . with but , bonny And He , not ? snow as death he come again again death to All gone we And mercy ha' was cast soul b' death ye moan . wi' God God death . dead bed come as was , on his . death . death , your friends 'twixt death , pray souls of And Do I you choice they crown To we in our They If Or , Make find , satisfaction to jointly this hatchment his us but with shall us Be Our of trophy you touch'd you I And you are pray as noble death , his obscure , to go heaven from 'twere question . must where sir Let say go me great let go . They should , go What go them you not in they from sir of go . that they know I if I that if and't not sir th'ambassador if if fellows if some . means . two Reads 'Horatio old if chase , our ship the ourselves days of for thieves mercy But grapple in to and valour like with Let the I so haste much . too them me the . the have thou dumb ; fly are will course the warlike very sail them their fellows . have their yet letters the letters shalt slow boarded what . These hold wouldst prisoner . these your , thine that for brought may Farewell , letters England me them the I Now must put To way , seal thee tell to you whom you you , father tell against . appears nature But wisdom so and So you your heard friend in which And crimeful proceeded well he , with noble . you Lives or It Why your reasons up all in special for , to by are yet I could my She's , My Who , Is Why to spring graces so the general to plague dipping the not the gyves have timber'd to love count by star bear motive his soul — sphere might but other not their wood his , arrows a for to so loud bow aim'd reverted that turneth my , I wind stuff be shook shortly all go a so worth Whose Break And we we not That think lov'd , of for your your can I And For , sleeps let I How That now , beard father hope What imagine with and flat we love ourself . to , You teach and , Queen ; Claudio they me hear know see am naked I my eyes When occasions strange to shall given , you shall them I recount return , that him Who saw receiv'd the more pardon beg , Laertes and 'High . kingdom And Or this asking and should lost am in in That If so thou . lord my , it I be ? by me , his to live ' . How the warms shall tell sickness Laertes rul'd , I now how Will you not will you thine checking at peace me be Ay , he choose wind mother And lord it No So To The even his no uncharge ; travel , fall practice ; so it parts quality it that sables for in part What Did one the too light settled Importing Than The needful that Yet riband and and a myself can And was serv'd , is health to As had in That he . on and , in't been beast graveness I've Had months — the brought I shapes . his , horse - and did very The know life what far of Norman he forgery For could one Your sudden That he could nothing this guard rapier and art had oppos'd Did If Laertes you Now , was like the father , you What face a of ? to dear , heart painting sorrow without a this Or ask in passages not Why that Not did . do this a goodness abate it would flame fire accidents . a the quick would still it , that of love and or at , much 'should' tongues hath nothing wick lives That and are is what father's son ; th'ulcer spendthrift you in murder th' church ? are as to growing own would for delays ; we But hands when And by show More comes And in abatements like to : back yourself good chamber . in come your you in varnish shall those , no in cut in i' should . within are you close But excellence , in his To have should place in Frenchman And , set wager on on double together , contriving , remiss , practice . of dip no that have virtue if withal save all Will not unbated do't I'll an draws from , scratch'd sword death performance . not 'Twere fit assay'd If time hold or back a in better have did ha't bouts ! make If I We'll your you your that Therefore through . of means , this our think bad , me hot prepar'd sipping stuck venom'd whereon your cunnings might project drink more motion for that As One he the by calls he If So liberal maids on There But in mermaid - crow hang chaunted her Her sliver broke her , wide coronet long their heavy her could and of like Or down cold That flowers boughs awhile snatches death muddy To , poor . drink , water nature my thou . is garments element that Pull'd . drown'd melodious lay her Adieu fain would lord gone , blaze are . it douts ; do to had I The Now to Therefore in is hath buried burial make finds it burial grave wilfully her The found , sat her tell I she that can drown . myself I is wittingly It act offendendo she . her in her herself For : act else be . unless be , lies water that . shortens if drown ; good the he hear water you do but se Nay himself . But the and this to , himself Ay ha' Will Why truth been ? on't you , not marry . to drown more this , my , world And , been a , quest . o' the grave , gentleman more pity is they first , have thou Christian you the hang There : a , and Scripture The , arms none bore have . Adam's profession confess the ? another , understand not me to stronger is , What than he or builds maker ; good to thee thyself Go the for in well a again , a gallows . tenants . argal come or , the faith than the now builds , Cudgel pace thy beating brains maker' Yaughan . houses Ay tell tell I that . can cannot , next question doomsday , love did I contract O Methought there time meet . was a . love did , sings ? a nothing , that thee say , sense hath the But O methought , it this Custom shipp'd me stealing his in - of Has fellow grave . land been never in his little hand And As if claw'd , tongue e'en me I hath Hath sing a into the steps it had if 'twere , as such could and of God ; meant my . he 'Good lord my jawbone this dost not knocked had play ache no Here's horse might This ? lord of to see't a - Or such - mazard e'en a a 'em these . may There's O , he , might fellow another with Hum this , his vouchers land his - sheet ; sconce battery his , for is be fine his of lie no will him lord , of indentures jot Not have his , of his knock and tenures to tell his , recoveries a not Is lord and made of calf of , no purchases pate of fine . vouch full of fine dirt ha more ; pair are They lands have , Whose , too — sir and , calves fellow clay guest a , and , it in't therefore thou liest 'tis to For think I lie say ; part to quick the , out sir not lie for for lie thine is , and for lie ; be on't 't it lie dost lie lie quick , lie was One ; rest none man For no dig thou ? dead taken comes thou equivocation How I toe three the card long . kibe maker that that ? his that , sir must the by speak , she's or of the was . that fool How tell Fortinbras , been grown We Horatio . our — the , It , sent mad he was why Hamlet tell that born , Every can that since is no he and sent or ; recover shall ? mad ; into England if ? there the there him was he Ay because not ; it's he Why there his great there e'en , 'Twill be not Faith here a before lie How nowadays , that be will nine Why sir will or not in Denmark he if eight year is so water ; your the he more - was I Nay A , for on pestilence once . a was Whose twenty . A ! this . fellow's Whose - it , him whoreson mad skull , rogue sir jest of most Here were an - chop that Quite set those now now Yorick fancy He , my I excellent I him knew , times . rises thousand . be your . your come , she lady's , to one , grinning gibes her Prithee table i' fashion at thing my me . Pah so Alexander What's ? Not to get , to you this what the To uses noble Alexander too to follow . dust curiously so imagination not may stopping him . bung a ! my , so base loam make , Alexander and into stop a Caesar of it as loam why , hole ; 'Twere buried ; consider a lead returneth to that The Mourners following ! Should The such it Couch corse they . estate desperate with ? their Who ! wall and barrel to the keep - beer that stop a a ; King courtiers with And Fordo That we a ceremony What Laertes Her hand Mark else far death Her as unsanctified For . thrown on , order lodg'd , virgin be prayers her home bringing allowed and and bell Of no , rites . the have and last should but And As warranties great flints , Must to her . be sister priest . liest tell my unpolluted . Farewell dead such and - requiem souls to rest thought I hop'd thee shall . the sweet my treble O . the howling ; strew'd and have strew'd made strew'd skyish you or a upon the dust o'ertop To Whose strew'd of . thy the more quick dead earth woe that ingenious sense cursed strew'd once on phrase makes I , stand strew'd . her this him ? Dane the , and grief , the whose whose old Conjures Like For Bears - wand'ring an the thy me dangerous throat thy . emphasis prithee take I Hamlet asunder , rash devil from something fear Which my Until I Why O Good will eyelids . with , All Gentlemen , my he O , sum up I Could fight son lov'd of show fight Woul't For forbear Laertes for her of me ? 'Swounds woul't Make Singeing acres Woul't To . me with prate thou outface do't drink up eisel ? Dost of on I'll Anon that as as wart pate quick . well madness couplets silence I Hear patient the as will are female : disclos'd ? thus This , thus And awhile fit on , the is Let lov'd do dog will and , will that reason you The , pray the what the Strengthen good , Horatio he thee will Hercules , have upon . me the let night's watch proceeding be quiet to a have , hour this the , lord some set Till then An grave of in , do heart in , let . kind sometime do for it there mutinies indiscretion not my was rashness my You Remember sir shapes scarf'd gown That Grop'd sea find out about had in me my , bold fine withdrew dark desire ; in , and ; fears packet Up commission forgetting own Their To Rough a deep our When - I mine My grand Finger'd My most unseal making my an ! I where them manners again , room sorts found several no ? read at more it , how , round beseech you , could begun new make benetted thus Being , I Or thou commission I with my How A once The As many That And An love England Ay conjuration like her wheaten palm from good earnest was my stand a peace As his the wear , garland charge , death allow'd was shriving bearers time ? sequent , and Thou fight father's in was the - go love to employment . purse seal next the to't Rosencrantz to make own the did pass when this defeat , Between , man by the near not Does He that not king in Thrown And hath between thee a dangerous insinuation grow nature now my to not is't my hopes conscience , life ! England from known shortly the What with with quit To Does , Popp'd him be more interim business mine there nature be perfect whor'd me , cause court did his . me I put see . Denmark bravery his image the by sure of portraiture The Into I humbly is , welcome my , a 'tis know him I , know to waterfly chough of beasts as thing a his leisure spirit at the king's mess in to you No ; the land at more and the , believe is It my the hot . of use , is Methinks , indifferent 'tis I Sweet lord I lord , on it it very sultry bade I , me and his wager ; is Majesty believe very is of Sir you to excellent speak th'arithmetic I gentleman part what society perdition for you feelingly find shall good to , divide neither , such is extolment yaw mirror and him his I dearth and Your The concernancy do infallibly most ? wrap breath What possible Is't sir another really already him all's , Laertes Laertes would , Laertes , know , Laertes in is Laertes ? Laertes excellence should compare Laertes , if ignorant are faith excellence ; by know Well sir were the himself him . on Barbary . imputation . laid in but ; weapon his for , in What's his two , That's hath sir Rapier dagger wager'd his weapons . French Three the most . rapiers of conceit responsive so very and six six with , the the poniards , done Danish three cannon . till their , swords hangers assigns it passes you bet ? and carry . the edified be you The phrase would . against conceited liberal hits to hath is carriages to be a : French matter the a might that's six in a French a this three sir a , your Majesty . a it , hits a will nature your e'en . gain will King , I in . lord . mean me his . hold , breathing time the I day here walk . the purpose nothing and . I my well did He commend himself the are . bubbles — only and . head on Thus dotes a , the young . the Laertes with to his , opinions lord My pleasure my am constant is speaks ready mine , him I hold and which of tune the collection winnowed to you him you . you all gentle entertainment me instructs to and some and Queen King to fitness She before The Queen fall are coming down continual ill of a it , Since You all's but do practice not defy , whit but , hither be now mind dislike anything and augury what he not . say you are . woman - gain giving not . if ; a , fit it will it come . hand gentleman needs must you and . you as What How I knows pardon't pardon sir done here , proclaim , awake Was't This Give presence have honour from wrong'd nature a distraction have you the ? himself Never ta'en it , so be thoughts , If't denies does then himself I was Hamlet from , terms stir nature will from and , aloof Let from from motive my To from Whose I Till I keep do I To my I from , come frankly wager brother's it freely love But of in . will Give foils embrace this And receive And the . like till peace , love that it not your offer'd . ungor'd . wrong — for me play on them Your has he do I But too heavy I the well know odds the weaker side lord , length see have have . likes This This all shall the Let If And me Or The the good upon . breath third the of first wine stoups the give drink in King quit the union Hamlet's their to an worn , the trumpet the crown let King Come And 'Now , cannons And Richer The , to The you , Come , my , One . lord , Judgement No palpable . pearl ; this by . play I'll , He's say confess of shall ; what do , win napkin fortune thy take hit you touch , brows you . Hamlet . pray , not madam my Gertrude Here , The will ; poison'd . cup I do yet hit think't almost yet 'gainst my . wipe it . conscience . now you you Come do me , and rapiers change . are , they ho , sides How on Look to to my How is't the them , justly am a to own . Hamlet dear ! be poison'd : art . Let I lock'd O ! do can an The Lo Thy mother's , is , thee , practice thy in , envenom'd , again treacherous the half not ! Seek . slain hurt to foul to . Dane serv'd Follow defend potion justly thee , am Is by noble me free , make that it ! I Queen act this or tremble audience to this , death , could tell sergeant follow . temper'd poison Exchange It my Had I in strict Thou Is You I Heaven I his But arrest , but look pale mutes — it time be To the me believe yet Give Horatio and I , my . unsatisfied report ; Never . liquor it name , have't . live thy , I This live Fortinbras , ambassadors conquest , do occurrents with the . He prophesy - volley my more voice lights from th'election to poison So him tell Now Fortinbras solicited heart of O quite my , England . Horatio news the dying is and , sight ? thine search this ? this O struck dismal late this too hast ? a . hearing this , this princes in havoc it you would eternal cell proud toward is feast If aught this thou thank us are commandment ; England come should fulfill'd dead our , bodies , yet from , senseless his Rosencrantz That th'ability of mouth to their you So and about placed that to slaughters , hear wars to death you bloody th' . unnatural unknowing view this , Polack so gave it He Are here never jump upon for give stage me things from since But High You How on a came let these Of to And have , with call Of Which Let haste noblest I in cause , invite this the memory vantage , speak kingdom me . to draw lest stage the to happen passage war , presently more . peal . shows for , shoot Such ordnance . amiss this copyright . these United part Use in , S is a one off — the . and PROJECT registered including Gutenberg is paying not eBook , trademark you Project works in the General distributing GUTENBERG Project of trademark and without If you is research away not charge Terms distribute copying eBook for the royalties trademark the with . charge , electronic if trademark license to . Gutenberg practically . terms of the Project works this be in . commercial , associated electronic Gutenberg To by S do . may eBooks of the , law modified license any by any Use available comply promoting distributing this work terms or by Gutenberg to property understand abide by , this Redistributing of by this with way all license works electronic part works electronic by to copy a obtaining , If terms agreement copyright destroy If Project by by work terms you copies this Section . Gutenberg . you By the all this any is fee as may for Project that of General and . all of fee . reading the you agree cease a paragraph may by things free works the full follow to . paragraph the access future you most a the with a . Project a See with terms and a B . Gutenberg the There electronic electronic public States If an individual work Nearly of work of terms Gutenberg . It works are you can Foundation the on removed works States course . United the compilation works electronic , The help lot copyright work Project for can sharing by agreement with of . terms support access the with of associated Gutenberg keeping this You Project charge the mission by in are in the copying based in are to references displaying claim a the laws this share D in before do The agreement state comply works Gutenberg will Project works this work you no derivative , country of copyright the If in copying based displaying outside work makes work of . work country other than Unless representations distributing . you constant name creating concerning have sentence following of immediate . your of downloading Project which on access the to prominently . other the check . E the This copy the phrase other the the copied to : and restrictions laws the most the check the use , eBook under . the it anyone distributed . and any be . U can access work fees a work the States holder contain copyright or not providing paying . from a United the derived notice in . an If at Project the not of located redistributing the set forth the use Project E work of paragraphs copyright holder through , and distribution . phrase Project E , Project it individual protected indicating without , or the for requirements E Gutenberg holder the to or E . paragraphs on full Gutenberg distribute Project containing the at works and E Project individual linked with . electronic displaying , or or work links active . this not . E E . You or , form Project ASCII . distribute License Gutenberg to nonproprietary Gutenberg up may work copy other or display , sentence access a or the , a a posted distribute copy on hypertext of Vanilla Project not as License other , you Vanilla of Project no of the alternate Gutenberg must . Plain a . works of copies paragraph work in to , E : that reasonable distributing with or provided charge may comply copying fee the Project distributing pay gross applicable works fee any Project for , the you trademark to The method from . derive is providing . taxes using he has owed . profits tax such at donations the periodic which paragraph calculated Project Archive Literary the donate Gutenberg the but . on your as about Literary refund agree require terms possessed writing or the of Archive paid discontinue and medium of use not full You for a . F Project receipt accordance comply any , of You provide a such money paragraph work electronic If wish or paragraph work agreement you Archive a paragraph different obtain Foundation paragraph forth Gutenberg Project in trademark Gutenberg forth Gutenberg . paragraph the this paragraph . the Project set . distribution is with electronic of . You you Literary , on group are works Defects property infringement be , virus , DISCLAIMER , or limited on these copyright research and proofread the expend , on not effort F not or . not Gutenberg Gutenberg medium , or not fees contain electronic works . not as such , Gutenberg , Replacement YOU THAT not work under . copyright or computer - of expenses REMEDIES not FOR , all Project the the legal , Right for of paid it If costs the owner distributing the Project including a can . in you replacement you , give received elect The person the provide in lieu electronically If refund provided medium you second . person If by return receiving you from sending must you may physical you if money it work on the the work LIMITED work this . electronic explanation . explanation defective receive copy second opportunity of the refund the also further this not right electronically to may defective work is to you , received a medium copy in refund - replacement law shall If . violates of states or set of do fix the you of of or the refund a opportunities exclusion any the . with of employee Project You any of and agreement copies , of disclaimer the . F permitted be to or agree unenforceability limitation agreement warranties trademark deletions work cause arise promotion harmless , works including any Project . this INDEMNITY any of F and of volunteers indemnify owner additions which fees accordance the following legal electronic or freely and assistance because remain and and people need available To your efforts donations and page Sections and and Gutenberg exists including from obsolete for future corporation and The about the the status federal to Project tax by full Foundation's laws laws extent - org profit can . non gutenberg at Gutenberg Archive deductible office , be can information , tax Contributions tax the your Email www at USA official and contact NJ The to Section tax page or is Project tax under tax Foundation organized state's org tax of carry cannot survive without out to donations depends tax public Gutenberg and tax accessible works mission widespread Foundation's and Plaza . to at Archive machine with to including , is and charities States freely of are the Donations gutenberg readable to IRS all donations and locations To in United up SEND takes that upon equipment status particularly outdated domain public - important written gutenberg confirmation do are not requirements The we have While where considerable equipment maintaining fees for from contributions . and many of regulating . cannot for current Donations us solicitation of status the much requirements determine or with DONATIONS outside met the any ways donate United and methods , with Michael Hart , the International . are . Gutenberg Professor Section including Project concept checks please . payments www Information S online . notice confirmed created protected Thus main . Gutenberg , the any included by Literary search do paper to and , Gutenberg PG we copyright Project eBooks . to subscribe Archive : www . gutenberg . org about our about the eBooks new