Stand me King the live . Stand ? Stand Stand Stand Stand . He Stand 'Tis . stirring guard quiet am I much night and to watch Well Not of think rivals you , O Friends the you Give my farewell soldier good - Barnardo , Say has With us Therefore not dreaded take hold seen this come to it . speak apparition twice of not minutes entreated sight this And I watch That may our the to And will Touching are , 'twill down two . ears , assail against fortified nights sit , hear That so The it us bell burns beating t'illume westward then thee , a Looks not like Most like King speak art In the same and of the Together What that that By heaven usurp'st Question it , It ? march sometimes Stay In with majesty warlike Denmark offended thee charge ! pale look and answer . than ! speak thee will ! mine , not , gone , avouch ? hour the ; ice parle angry watch . state knows watch , brazen the with me the labourer , so the goes - shipwrights subject and of the cannon sore week sweaty can That Who be toward joint can is't that haste . task Norway Hamlet compact seal'd world by our heraldry all who known , of by side Whose Doth make Was , now to , lands , competent , esteem'd design'd young Fortinbras return'd his conqueror the Fortinbras had the and lawless which some is our other no and enterprise unto appear recover terms father main Is by his to And As it So But source the The A graves In That I it it in most little As Well think armed was A even sick Upon stars Did behold and illusion again . eclipse countrymen demonstrated Stay be , do thee may Or If For which Which That If soft , hast sound it Speak art thou happily , speak Stop strike at it , I speak if it Shall speak of say thou , they if speak you spirits in hast speak uphoarded of my it speak Do here ! here cock malicious here being here 'Tis here To offer of here ! invulnerable , to mockery here like the here the heard the and - have a . I when trumpet shrill at spirit earth the truth probation the of that season celebrated is planets stir , night all no then is the no , witch gracious to spirit dare hath ; abroad , it , advice mantle long birth . time believe hill charm , and morn the , hallow'd takes nights The heard nor and in russet in our . it , him will acquaint fitting upon have by and tonight conveniently I whole . us kingdom our , him befitted death think in in green , that and our of Cornelius contracted , of ourselves now this sometime with dear , dropping one and jointress grief brow fought on our defeated in freely scale funeral as sister herein our . a you ; 'twere state thanks , which , barr'd we and know supposal a mirth With we to with have of late our state Now Or Our With in wisdoms be with hath He Your affair this follows thinking not by To , weak valiant the and Holding this father most our With disjoint to , purpose that herein and business we is : the all for here scarcely proportions full his impotent the ourself , meeting bonds those So lands message , power all levies no you Giving Out bearers Farewell To this lists of , You , His good The further For of dilated nothing doubt Of ; In business and and To now And , told You things your , what's the heartily . we is't , Laertes , heart thy beg , you ? Laertes with . it What to be not shall The head You us of speak my more native thou the ? asking more instrumental favour wishes bend again gracious France toward pardon , Denmark Polonius , leave . to duty though my must your From show father's lord laboursome Upon My now I hath Have And thoughts wrung petition and I will By them to you beseech you leave seal'd give do ? from and my him his , hour my Laertes fair best , Hamlet my now And Take I thy little , thy Not it , my Good Aside that more And Do thy look the , Denmark dust lives that with like am i' . must father too much . eternity to all die nighted off colour with ; I know not . mother , common seems is it is . solemn cloak , good black breath , thee ? Nay , it particular be , madam , Ay the the Nor No 'Tis Why If of Nor not so of fruitful Nor seems it dejected , river haviour truly actions with windy suits of a that are nor suspiration and trappings have the These which a of ; term woe the . course , impatient to nature common whose a sense heaven opposition is , vulgar , simple condolement is a as our must , incorrect unmanly vulgar 'tis to a dead till the You From death To most , for vulgar most with As reason ' no And of fathers which that vulgar the first corse impart Than must . be so woe dearest toward vulgar In Do ; less back It of This unprevailing to most is vulgar a retrograde we are father And cheer immediate in immediate he of and hath immediate , son his bears nobility and immediate , Wittenberg of love , world think , immediate immediate beseech Here going immediate immediate I as gentle my stay Sits Denmark unforc'd the 'tis loving in heaven thunder rouse jocund ourself clouds in accord great to shall speaking . of bruit Come earthly grace cannon heart shall drinks flesh a too the the King's . stale Everlasting and , Or me uses of Oh ! to Thaw itself . seed to had O an and self God and ! this rank things fie all - the resolve into not it should That ; unweeded not ! unprofitable garden much so flat this winds beteem ; a — too nay a Visit Must I if But His , merely ; so satyr dead the , king increase and With A me what Why , yet , those poor all think fed Why that beast wants A on longer ; but ! which , thy month of shoes father's , with a Within . tears or most ; followed ere Frailty like of Hercules name were even mine flushing left Ere Frailty O God mourn'd I yet married Frailty have With the My , Frailty . married her it nor such — month eyes , incestuous most brother Frailty my unrighteous salt , she discourse O . Than she Frailty the She I am or glad your for cannot sheets to my not heart to is It break But what And I'll make you from you forget . even Wittenberg ; sir — see truant faith change that you Marcellus A am But To shall not My what , would do of hear to Elsinore report that ear make you . your truster enemy good say lord so are you father's mother's wedding . me . me me Horatio in day the , see me I that marriage . me me . dearest look I again in ? your ! my the ? Who all was My for all me love , gentlemen watch their on and Barnardo march these your father , thrice they of . fear act fear by cap encounter'd before and speak ; them thus Armed By Within Stand Form of they comes I dumb you upon not My , it made lifted at answer it the sound our cock it did , speak would crew haste sight morning , and like lord speak , from very in shrunk saw to toe From lord We , you my My yes Then more fix'd Most I much ? it you long . would have there amaz'd had I Not MARCELLUS very moderate with Very like , might tell haste BARNARDO no his though it to my And I'll it have be else I conceal'd hitherto If you me speak warrant I Give requite I'll 'twixt you fare no silence , farewell : to mine to you your . and tongue twelve . were hap : would the , foul are my , the all sister to them o'erwhelm some My And , Do Though is let violet and doubt do not trifling toy in blood a primy not favour of of perfume The not And a convoy it , you his ; minute a sweet of the Hamlet For , No it no more ? as mind you temple , soul and waxes this of . withal The His Whereof Or lose Than May weigh main the Then If too your Virtue Too Show me not as steep and like and . heart As watchman shall to wary to my good none most lies else . in near . youth fear are best , a But my grace father not second leave ; brother , shame , for sail . memory no act ; tried tongue , with . steel means of . entertainment you thy thoughts character . familiar them each entrance each Of Bear't man censure , rich proclaims in be best , that true of itself nor loses : dulls the edge a both borrower thine as canst above it Thou do borrowing a select of Neither And all loan This Farewell most apparel in fancy France and they And Are to this false any the husbandry and : my ; to follow the night man . tend my servants lord , of , key said . the memory my shall Farewell What I lock'd Farewell hath the oft your private it audience — caution of way If in be of 'Tis Have you Marry told please understand and me Give daughter my behoves not my affection to me . late Pooh believe Unsifted you He Affection As You What Do do I'll to — you'll hath Ay it sterling ; tenders Tender me of true I what ta'en it importun'd , he In you to springes blood Ay , call all how prodigal I ; may him parley of for : these maiden Lord rate presence From - this walk Hamlet he brokers investments unholy implorators dye given your is , a in daughter , time both making it fire tether . you Than believe Not But of Set something to a his be so As Look to like mere which vows that not beguile in sanctified to to't give not Have ways ; shrewdly a is The ; Indeed ; The as he The bray upspring , season is wont walk . thus takes the and doth , drains draughts drum trumpet his of his of and - it Ay the honour'd This clepe us addition of and though mole are particular in indeed ; and with height not complexion origin his they of nature , some and of choose — too that manners The Or form say , stamp or Fortune's livery — as of pure as much the , undergo grace , reason ; of ! ministers Angels thou a spirit the noble his the I His , I'll Dane in but canoniz'd in thee health or a heaven goblin us sepulchre quietly ! hell defend or blasts from , charitable shape call questionable or such their Have I thy burst his up Revisit'st the ? What our disposition fools of ! again may , death ; ignorance hearsed , O . bones we jaws again beyond this , Say As beckons That To if It a , No go it action impartment some you It not immortal immortal it tempt to That immortal The Without you very immortal immortal immortal What immortal And Which might draw into place more waves hears , it It shall Hold rul'd makes hardy And on Unhand call'd I the each out , this in body . him of me lion's Go — to imagination , a . I'll , He away after Have is the of will in rotten Something . To not thus will this . follow it state Denmark . him . go , further . I'll . and myself , Alas Must to sulph'rous My I When poor up is lend serious . unfold to when thy What am the certain term to father's revenge my my purg'd foul burnt and the a tale whose freeze unfold prison that I in of , forbid blood thy stand fretful locks start - from young up eyes flesh thy thou Revenge thy But thy ! thy . murder it unnatural and know't thy thy thy the Haste the this to the the I duller the And rots stir thou shouldst the itself in , forged ; in ease on Now sleeping process sting crown thy life , orchard death youth Denmark of my thou , father's did that , The will to witchcraft of seduce of O wicked wit , his incestuous , wit , wretch . Though those mine From That me it to I To curd as a like That And And Holds And with The natural The the an such swift , of Unhous'led O horrible off life Thus hast not couch thy not thy But to And The To Against and sting thorns . adieu adieu Adieu instant not Remember thee the ; What ! earth the O , sinews my me bear , poor the the And - glow the his uneffectual Remember fire me the , shall all fond trivial all . pernicious is smiling I set damned woman ! it be and word my so , it and , smile I uncle It , Within is 'Adieu adieu and lord have you . my , Hamlet Lord . him . MARCELLUS Within . Within . Illo So ho boy ho news O my No , lord , tell it ! Good then But I you'll , my be . by lord once . come grave be be be the be my . all in knave heaven , dwelling be ne'er There's There a an be us the we business , desire are you , business and hands and point shall , part . there this lord here . tell between is , my Touching , too to know And now what offence friends you honest , let heartily , words you Horatio . I , you tonight We have Nay ? you . poor request you , I faith you sworn my my my , you , already indeed . Swear you stage sword the you , thou this Consent hear so ? on ha under , upon in lord , my . sword we'll this hither , gentlemen . have , our . heard sword i' , so give but ! work more mole as There As antic an such by you Than Here we , at hereafter With ; me of hereafter know grace That list , I shall shall — myself hereafter could this most — and we they , you . would' hereafter . Swear hereafter your need hereafter to , shake , commend man you ; hereafter spirit and not poor shall rest Rest what still , do And is his a lips go spite right come was of . friending together . him this Give my I it , I , these lord . said well ; My You you Before lord , good notes , will marvellous Of do did Danskers means at , question of demands particular son , Enquire me how company and they What first who know do this By That as Than 'I him' in And , Marry , what and well , but , his touch will thus in him As part ; my lord ? well ; may , You as scandal him ; go , or drinking may fencing . known and , wild ; far liberty and gaming To You . season put , so him in dishonour charge , quaintly liberty . son warrant my of drift , would the addition . country phrase 'friend or with you of 'Good of of the of At 'friend I He And of Very then — of does , him , was There There falling him bait , a thus and of such tennis' . of See — perchance sale' , lord . truth reach bias you not , my , music ply his . Farewell , And Well How now , lord shall I lord ? affrighted all stockings foul'd chamber name been sewing gyved his in out , ankle each his doublet was I down loosed speak do I goes me said been so his - his And To lord thrice , would Then My it did last he falls to other by such length held me hard all o'er of he and shaking . of of so shatter he head That thus piteous all down arm his and up my so , eyes profound turn'd , me their way went last the is you my any as did does repel . under go seek their the Whose the as given natures I passion to fordoes desperate me to hath thee is it seems not quoted that afflict As That What And I meant That him . for with I better heed he my ! trifle sort our proper the go kept younger our in Come hide which than being love I use so ; the nor transformation th'exterior So I to much from , th'understanding death . What nor to of brought and in your here pleasures unknown to remedy gather companies our up himself , to entreat youth so young to neighbour'd vouchsafe so So to Good whom to , he As to Your fits As Might , Thanks , And here To And bring Pleasant presence son these much And Guildenstern and him presence . practices of some Go presence Heavens presence My presence presence presence Th'ambassadors presence Thou my hold , I I Both I speak grace , that them great fruit tells My be is source my , doubt and queen them it me , and ? Norway and appear'd brother the him to sent he ; to 'gainst into Highness , whereat he in , hand sickness your what of ! friends , return levies , first against rebuke vow th'assay old an With as his levied might thousand , before Receives To Go your Meantime thank Answer and more It our we This liege and well to , day What Were Why but brevity waste since the . Your and is , is night be madam what to , ended . the noble for nothing but it be is't I will I Mad What call More matter But let I mad 'tis I that less no : 'tis foolish no And will art . I of comes have duty — daughter her this in me , ill Who given and Now , phrase phrase my : a this from madam Good awhile Hamlet hear the , I Doubt thou stars stay ? be move , liar are , art believe not to . his ? love ? place , wing you honourable the you book dumb , think - table hot me , what might , work and , star her , love love advice make — love this fast , love gave his I out did love resort . thy of bespeak to , love ? think you Hamlet Which And That must she no , into sadness , a the herself from no my tokens to , declension , weakness raves , ' , I'd , prov'd that When have positively a Take this If truth How know You time my behind I I'll does walks try indeed hid . were it , I . him not , her arras to daughter then , away leave . me lord fishmonger . comes you wretch reading . You I Not Honest , to me thousand goes so very , my is honest you as were lord ? being a picked . man a good kissing , dog ? That's if her daughter th' sun . not How me gone . this walk not For the may that first at say conceive . blessing to't He do What — I I was harping is lord . look on read . my read Between the , suffered you , my love is ; mean I speak to matter For . matter lord ? have grey you most thick — in't a powerfully of lack that my lord men thus , am honesty , you old like is there yet go be it that method my the wrinkled says , backward as ; their eyes purging crab plentiful set , madness walk out so lord You , life my contrive happiness that How . sir suddenly not out A of Into my grave ? madness delivered me well , you except life fools my be often hits on will . and him and . daughter willingly part ; my I . you , except save . the Hamlet lord To old ! Ah Guildenstern honoured My My indifferent Good dost how ! How lads the most My earth both we privates live Faith , of soles my her her true is she ; middle ? a grown the ? honest . favours . the of deserved , that her question at . more . lord to friends hands hither Let is news a Prison she your ? th' o' sends that particular ; in is think so . prison one To it ambition none being and . substance dreams very myself count narrow is nothing it there , We to then thinking Why , then could infinite Truly , I and ambition shadow's airy a the king a bad of for that the ; shadow For and shadow is itself dream Then are beggars sort , no other attended fay . rest the you reason to . Shall our such that dear it speak matter ROSENCRANTZ with I poor dear , the ; my me friends , am thanks say , visitation I What own justly anything , I with . But end the looks King lord , dear me , a whether rights could were , by and which should purpose . me what of and by our for . love me , you . your . of we . more youth sent ? you you What off my shall ; the know King it anticipation feather I with no for sent prevent my mirth , you with how how moving , in dust paragon piece thing of and apprehension , man a me so goes look a all lost , not heavily this disposition reason , and noble seem say , me : what is this , admirable , nor to ; stuff you them , they you . to We you smiling not me in so my not thoughts the service end his — his 'Man no my shall the king are hither shall make Even they Their mind her the sigh the He of shall the think inhibition profit say , the humorous man shall his ? in such city comes same followed when . both better both residence in was I by ? travel . delight , in Are . rusty but on the is the they sir that that that fashion the top now that there pace . quills that ? no quality they Who maintains ? that themselves than they and dare are scarce How — it wrong money the not sing can own and ? do is as them they writers succession a carry O been the poet There both to sides . while cuffs . give Denmark , too twenty 'Sblood find The Let Your players philosophy which , hands me comply come yours to to tell . you I , you than . natural , if mother dear - north . my should my north mad but this Gentlemen are - what are appurtenance of garb , handsaw too them ; ear . the a , gentlemen for . each When you wind is hearer Mark you That man clouts is old . it so . players 'twas indeed Rome in actor an to news morning tell . have you . tell When Roscius lord . my his ass tragedy pastoral nor are too light only men thou , for , comedy historical , the . my what , liberty . scene individable hadst ? I me , he fair call Jephthah lord , th' my . have then As and pass my , as most . comes you I to valanc'd where since well thee What my , will when young I like you will ring God face your Pray will . by , uncurrent By'r lady gold will will see you and Com'st ! will the will a What for , speak heard , caviare judgements whose last quality in digested , but called scenes — as of in method , fine than , slaughter Dido If . it matter in an there set no Aeneas' 'Twas very affectation savoury remember matters , was cried But the speaks this not as The Black especially by . begin It When To With Now lay dread more this his rugged heraldry he like o'ersized carbuncles grandsire God , Priam the hellish and Anon Striking at Rebellious too to , command arm drives , of flaming hideous strikes match'd it antique him finds , Th'unnerved Seeming Stoops prisoner Pyrrhus' tyrant Did , a as Priam declining seem'd to . and will Pyrrhus the lo blow with senseless fell Ilium top crash head stick , still below Pyrrhus' work fall new after the and pause eterne sword , you All power heaven . Prithee sleeps — or , wheel her of ; gods from hill fiends . Hecuba bawdry your of as low This say head ? flames that , gods mortal In Unless with the late sword sword turn'd not thee you sword I'll will well sword Would sword where death players have sword the you were will sword lord , less should whipping 'scape deserve Follow thou , Come , Dost me hear bodikin the man We'll friend friends . lord and good are You Guildenstern that my , not Ay old ha't not not well To or dozen not till b' Is , my . not not Rosencrantz God her his all working voice force Could from in forms That Tears A That What's , eyes soul , and a not fiction for motive would him , and Hecuba he What cue speech ; with horrid the , passion do ! function all Hecuba tears free peak cause , her For to weep guilty - No not unpregnant . I a I Am and , Hecuba he ? for he to ? and eyes muddy a - A That Had ear nothing say John The And He and . defeat Make cleave the general , was me calls And , my can dull the dear - I to the most my the it take lungs th' this the breaks across face this cannot pate gall kites kindless Bloody should gives it my i' villain , lecherous . lie ! fatted ? father dear ! all lack and , bitter ere heart This bawdy bitter with hell villain Foh very vengeance I son bitter treacherous am whore - scullion About And bitter a cursing at That With this slave's Oh of revenge bitter Remorseless , That what the bitter Fie proclaim'd like brain cunning the though have struck They For Have guilty creatures sitting ! upon't , words players these my have soul Been by With Play Before tent I'll the conscience Abuses T'assume May I Wherein of weakness melancholy grounds King to very with I'll thing have the the confusion quiet . of . puts cause find a bring we what With so Grating But He do Nor from his Most well aloof keeps . confession ? our demands his of his much But receive like of reply assay of , in a Did he forcing disposition Most it raught there of it seem Did o'er We And To his , beseech'd he in are they him already of court have before true matter . to purpose him ; heart hear 'Tis see to most and and closely we father th'affliction suffers him myself , seeing unseen , espials judge is of , their may so be That bestow and ourselves thus obey beauties , or lawful sent 'twere Affront , he as Ophelia , may , please you . on , in may We you walk That loneliness too ourselves both to so be Ophelia the his an , do sugar visage this colour Read , oft The 'Tis Your How We . ugly deed heavy my Whether my to , lash harlot's a smart The I him . be mind to suffer Let's ! withdraw question , sleep fortune to we , end the troubles shocks consummation a say the to 'tis against a and : sea outrageous them arms ; more opposing by That To The a and he grunt the No country , the after life the bear , the and would the , dispriz'd ? himself under something the , of life long the , contumely the we not us of the , all of have weary of sweat the bear dread , that we ills know those bear great of with the and , bear The Than Thus bear Is And fly to make rather us makes bear , currents bear enterprises this regard their native sins ! action Soft , well long - many a well now . them thank your does humbly And gifts lord honest you Are ! my when know for to lord unkind know know , know compos'd their perfume lost . know ? fair know ha Are to , my your lordship ? My you no admit honesty from can now so believe . made of more paradox of , once so inoculate our . but you you I deceived I yet wouldst relish me I sometime than have but believed Indeed should You stock a to myself ambitious in knaves the Let doors shut O you sweet this plague heavens for not marry wilt dowry shalt Or , know , fool to a nunnery ice , men nunnery wise , I'll pure thee give own him upon be help in's If as dost ; heard , have , Go will live ; marriages more yourselves heavenly restore him . enough jig and it , to , face of you and more no on't made hath . God hath amble you wantonness , mad your already I but a all say form youth harsh and blown of out and of ladies , sovereign reason , see I , quite and music , wretched form , brood in little tend the his way soul , disclose that affections , his have it Thus be set some doubt the hatch with , like For With the the objects matter . settled and himself . But It do from From This Whereon Sprung Haply shall it it mother so If fit , send England heard . How , alone after , queen you all not My lord us all be please tell what , his of now love . you confine . her let find round ; wisdom best To all tongue speech But , it my but , many . pray you say may I and beget , hand the Madness in must of do to players saw the , too had trippingly you I for it and , Termagant with your this for . tutor anything ; special nature age to very the inexplicable nothing a the Herods Herod the Be the the Suit of show to so the now the , whole tardy o'erweigh profanely the and , neither of , to hold the though it , journeymen have indifferently that them And that there For quantity necessary let and shows Go you them clowns ambition . pitiful a barren your play with sir that speak . bellowed that I . not , us will to play then no be ready of the ? lord my , hear this piece of and that them . service withal . dear my , what , Nay advancement crook the let , Where And and my thrift not I but should tongue . her her ? choice thou thou suffers and election of all suffering that equal judgement for . thanks stop she me - well man blessed rewards will this . him father's the the King foot soul occulted - a act my thee Observe Do And damned ghost in comment the mine with . Give imaginations stithy our to mine him will we eyes will my In after I As And Well . pay will I play . must . I this my detecting to he If Rosencrantz faith i' , have nor That enact and , you was . was you did me kill'd a they Hamlet metal O ! Lady , shall , here's do , sit me by stay ; dear more lap your matters . my lord do man . and , my lord and , not forgotten I'll . a yet else ; churches build man's let the may devil , by'r on - Queen is epitaph outlive ago hobby hobby great a with and . Enter kneels and upon her leaves him . head him returns Queen , crown , declines kisses with lament Queen gifts her some very protestation neck show horse , pours Anon him unto or ! Queen forgot lovingly poison in comes and King's in a passionate Poisoner . makes , finds the end accepts loth love . shall know his . keep . all naught , you that You are not show Will or We For him you you this meant show what show us stooping prologue beg , 'Tis times thirty As woman's brief the your clemency , lord cart love my hath Phoebus' dozen sacred most twelve with Full Neptune's And About Unite many again journeys world So us Make the from , o'er your so sick former are be sun and of , I . and from it fear , me done must , distrust : quantity late . our did what Where Discomfort For as little Where And my love you is cheer you women's neither love my is great grow great functions one and behind : is great , or haply thou — in treason rest be kill'd but the . my first . who let second the Honour'd In must needs , wormwood me Wormwood of that , my me think respects The be breast accurst break : on poor , fruit but do determine the unshaken like Most is we do I now violent birth unripe 'tis what ourselves pay Of , But second time A When believe you Purpose Which what either either either What own , a lead man who And The great either either not in For Whether either Our And hitherto down advanc'd fortune us yet or left you . and hope heaven night and my , joy day face the . destroy , beguile how never Ophelia To 'Tis spirits sworn tedious , like but . I ? i' ; no offence world th' his , name Duke's Marry Vienna ; that 'tis wince , our the . King lord You I murder see majesty dallying good gall'd This could keen , groaning would It interpret and Still edge could , you is one a between chorus see puppets . worse . Pox thy revenge , leave , else , and take are . murderer , drugs , rank ban natural croaking . Confederate mistake and black hands season Thy very , extant faces your begin you , poisons The in for's estate . fire how story The see shall the is He , with Away anon . rest the . players of ungalled , lights . cry roses O Half For A , was very A Of Jove This , very You fellowship in . whole know one might thou dost rhymed one a Didst one one pound thousand poisoning . one for , well the talk Upon I perceive . one pajock have good O one , ha Ah word with . music Come . you a whole , The King his retirement With drink ; lord itself more him put far more discourse from into my wildly , you to tame great are You . welcome affliction of breed will I the be shall , of right business not my Sir . cannot I lord , My . wit's ; command answer , diseased rather . But struck hath . matter or My . behaviour stonish mother mother's this admiration her of times ten a our us trade did by , once cause of lack , have if you is I when own be sir that . Let the recorders , to the , O , do I not my lord My pray well duty be too Will I I cannot I , cannot , me you beseech you . of do it my , your these are these , it the and stops . I discourse most not and finger have would the of You to in this top note you do instrument little though . me , excellent thing a unworthy would is ? my ; make . the will , like is It Queen yonder , to . I — mother will easily come By and is I will say said witching . me . the top to and by come . The lose on world quake Would How such bitter business itself friends ; not unnatural use none . but this , nature to . mother day somever somever , hypocrites . somever somever , shent soul them not somever his To somever terms he let your England will forthwith . somever . much and of cease gulf a The many but It is , things , Never consequence . petty ten the like . massy a it general thousand ; spokes Fix'd on Are The not alone of Dies What's near it ; summit adjoin'd , will fetters the King I Did now Which , Behind the arras . going wisely she'll was more I'll you said he's process as And 'Tis To The speech vantage . partial , audience well you I and them I'll Since nature of makes warrant it him mother a , some that tell offence O , upon call Thanks stand itself rain white to there not with What To both neglect . man guilt primal the hath murder be can curse eldest will business I as ! Pray I not , intent bound brother's visage but Then of Whereto hand mercy force sweet first ? serves cursed heavens , form foul murder th'offence one In the , serve My My That May crown Of gilded hand those Can my . down in prayer ere being be is past ? for the and not wicked my my am itself above not ? What , the 'tis the may currents which ; own pardon'd ambition may law may ! that when one and there may compell'd lies ; may may rests ? faults it our can Make strings . of born babe . well new with angels heart Help ! knees of sinews may be the pat . goes he now , reveng'd That so And do hire , kills I my this flush save horrid his salvation may be may soul his , That At Or is him of his bed , some and stays . black . his . thy goes prolongs and my never come pranks too Look have your him . hath round I'll be mother e'en . me you Pray Grace . with . here bear to lay broad screen'd been stood ? a with you , you with answer my question now Hamlet ? go , Come come Go And are the , then You , come Nay I'll and not may see I you those go , you wilt What Behind Help ho , Thou help , am done thou not as Almost . rash a good , brother is ? fool . farewell ! Take better , 'twas rash of wring , heart be hands busy , a . too be for lady Thou thy , I Polonius To Thou Leave And If damned If let That it What have I In virtue the And blurs As As Calls false The from of Yea A thought roars That what Look so upon Ay , and me counterfeit , presentment seated to , thunders and threaten of this Jove front two indeed form - herald and Mercury set to hill seal what you man eyes . like a mildew'd to have ! Ha moor brother ; fair mountain your husband husband , wholesome your the , assurance a seem . did , Have , his you . follows age feed , ear you you that have , for sure sense ? it's what sure not , hoodman sight all , so . at shame Rebellious in melt And frost the Since Could If thou itself ardour as more actively gives . in let mope feeling , or hands without so Hamlet I turn'st O , speak reason will doth no my and tinct . ears ; love black not eyes enseamed bed nasty to like A cutpurse shreds and me A That A Of A your And lord . empire the No ! your command figure by go lets to say , chide ? almost purpose visitation your of O thy to not on amazement . sits dread soul weakest is it . Do but between her works , thy of flame , me glares pale look with them — Look ! patience as Your the the the And On Will Lest capable on and To make His My stern want whom do nothing tears Then piteous Do how . colour Do Nothing all ourselves how ? is ? you yet see all No you goes , nothing but that there I , Why as yours This where even habit it ! look as very Is ! bodiless your out . creation in . It keep time , madness grace soul madness unction healthful music This It And do unseen the fatness Forgive me pardon , beg to of spread ranker the itself Virtue For To make , Yea but trespass your not That Infects what's not them Repent in and compost my cleft for must . eat this and livery next of easiness easy . it , twain . angel gives , But O custom aptly That monster evil the is are devil . a more For , heaven And either change lend on . The the Once desirous . pleas'd out him of kind He abstinence the can likewise more stamp tonight throw Refrain , it be hath and to shall One begins him bestow I death I That The do , this scourge will again good , no , you Let Pinch And the a call that means your bloat let Or wanton him you But mad That paddling Not For that's a concernings for cheek tempt bid mouse , him let out know , famous and do sober in not ? sense , a bat madness pair with in thou Let dear in Make from craft No of thou , your the Who good 'Twere . Would . you breathe basket the creep down like in own be have To try break assur'd will the adders will and had must I , 't mines . the sport own will them in knavery Hoist blow When Mother , lug This one knavery the the 'tis his I And Whom letters : as knavery petard one and 'tis . room . knave end knavery guts good , a draw Good still man into , an knavery mother night , this you knavery , counsellor . with prating . life to , Come in these sighs . These . understand we in translate must You place 'tis Where on what , Which is the sea when ? wind . stir , rat ! ' been ? bloody man will yourself is so in arras rapier his And had Should To kept to threats , deed ! let foul most fit he , gone , a divulging life very apart the keep it the not mad Alas on It the owner , This We no Shows To But whom pure ship him all and go majesty away , he Where is some skill further slain and the . bring he his him , fair you , our in Ho , the mountains touch ! vile Guildenstern : some — aid , our friends him body and discord . air . full is the his what's the Into And soul them My noise . Hamlet ! Hamlet stowed poison'd hit of Compounded 'tis , with ? the dead . it chapel take 'tis here Lord on Within you done whereto the , be ? king to rewards the of King made : an such up for should what counsel — I Ay like that ape you , what needs he soaks not ? lord my , Take ; sir swallowed sponge the the , you , his ? he is it gleaned speech you knavish the a is is not The with him to ! after fox lord my and . body to the How sent . multitude , man this put we lov'd where have to of the . judgement distracted strong law goes find him their , the their weigh'd loose . on smooth even , eyes seem grown , my What Or now befall'n . pleasure . my ? to know eaten ? A two maggots dishes for of guts progress eat and . beggar your But If . him lobby nose month him th'other . as . Polonius a thither . i' this seek within some yourself see to Attendants He will Go till , deed , Hamlet bark The , knew'st it that them . is sees So Thy But , come ; wife , mother my loving is and see mother My . flesh it not ; foot is one , is England and ; for , Come and man Tempt th'affair ; That And the After England yet Pays great , homage give thee , set ; coldly at cicatrice letters my joys , thou — thy power thereof , Hamlet know ne'er cure my Howe'er thou like hectic if love thou hold'st sword , that and may Do 'tis rages to . blood , done begun ; effect conjuring For , by me that the kingdom with march , I he . the his , greet license eye ; us rendezvous . promis'd a know my . Tell him his sir Go do't , sir I are , pray . sir Poland of of Against The to the sir ? Fortinbras , Norway them old commands Or some of Who it speak That To pay , sir ? addition no with frontier defend Pole farm . ground the fee and . in not and profit patch of little no , Yes Why ranker Nor and We go gain five Norway but for , I would , Poland the and it thousand , ducats straw and and peace sir and this debate thousand will . and cause sir you you b' please go Go straight Will't How If be . little lord occasions with all inform . scruple do quarter'd , ever And A which before sleep but Be spur my chief that Of fust That to Whose Led Examples live I have I To do't spirit is mortal , puff'd event divine of . honour's have of reason without death , with the and unsure , stain'd shame men fame for fight trick twenty while , sleep imminent , enough try this , beds cannot tomb be ? be thoughts to graves fantasy of thousand blood I , cause plot a father kill'd quarrel stand my and and . the their the My the is will will needs , hears her doth of That Spurns enviously the half her th' , as The carry speaks would winks words to hearers but . sense the she were unshaped father things speaks hems ; and in speech Her use at Dangerous ; Which There's ; her Though ; sick of in spilt ; amiss , them , own gestures think with might ; guilt be to jealousy her Let , soul To By his From How should cockle Alas He his his a dead lady , green grass another one imports hat And sweet , Say dead Pray mark you his mountain . heels head gone , turf mark you gone and , my lord flowers true . grave all Alas not go did Lord your table , look Larded but They we words of the dild God , what her we owl a this say Conceit no means ask they day , you know , How upon , is And I a be And All Then dupp'd Let without oath la Saint the maid your chamber his your in Tomorrow Indeed , By Alack men , and the the Young an Gis Cock , and and if Saint an I'll all to think so will Quoth she she , it night O , she ; be she would well long hath she been . lay you she . cold ; good ground . she night , good pray spies , Ophelia beasts , these , mere as from clouds France , Gertrude father's his . in buzzers of my O Alack Gives of wonder pestilent to me speeches And Feeds my Let superfluous dear person his our ear and Will Wherein , ocean , in many places piece Where yourself . now The offices the what ? the , to known , hands Eats we were overpeering ? begin to king they false How on 'Choose the Laertes a more of lord . haste head with in world young and shall this cheerfully ! of , clouds king and forgot Laertes applaud Danish . counter . are is Where the trail cry without , you ? king thank me door . father me vile , you thou we stand , Sirs Danes Keep you drop Of the father calm good , That I of cuckold ; the — brands proclaims harlot bastard unsmirched brow me mother my blood to Cries Even looks not giant true doth fear our ? person , Laertes , so to what a go . Let like - Let Where is my his ? came . Laertes , thus incens'd , father . Conscience Let But he allegiance what And for go not father to , and . for , shall father's , dear means , my only give point this To damnation dare come comes with is't desire to know , will and enemies foe , my loser ? revenge certainty in friend and of and the you sweepstake , then my . 'pear , gentleman father's for , is eye death , salt a , Why now , out the up dry turn , the madness sister as , kind is't a where 'tis fine , that What Within ! in your my heavens sends the some fine bier , May rose paid of Tears times by , eye mine virtue be . wits itself ! of life on nonny you It could not and , and you is it thou It a - down Fare Hey ! It wits call more daughter nothing's for pray than is revenge ! madness , rosemary A for that's thoughts , And a stole . and you give They here's remember O . joy all itself he my my again and passion , is , not not my father grace o' I . you made some my . say my hell prettiness my ? to he he will thy gone we God all His to never will death come . on I of Christian , this . our direct whom deny If touch'd and God pray , And ha' mercy O see Do Laertes Our Be you content shall content your satisfaction to To find us our in we me you of , judge ; life crown And Make shall your collateral you by , labour patience us , ours bones obscure . soul , to , to — question his earth from hatchment this of , I to No be heard sword , nor must shall great me are I And with the in you world . in what greeted I , God bless of know not . Hamlet . for bound was you them from should shall comes th'ambassador as King the , too . for , name let to have shalt I am letter your ; him and't Let There's thee a sir if you this for know what the wouldst fellows course their good fly . I sent dealt to have too . bring : much knowest they letters hold tell thine These thee letters your me , yet did . prisoner On . dumb ; I am much they got thee you that way you as make thou thee Guildenstern and have give that these you brought me put your heard Now you Sith That which you you appears . and , wisdom stirr'd . all capital Why So by As You were so It he crimeful safety not But virtue they to yet My or to ; strong , in and seem reasons , mother soul either other nature , Queen general Who dipping great a not That Is , like spring his I but life special plague conjunctive to may to by , O his and The , perhaps , you could as so but by moves be , his , wood so my had a A terms , the . revenge of praises your not sleeps for perfections challenger into desperate back stuff be You I reverted for graces ; I to gyves And Too Stood so driven And not have if mount made we love shook You . that let of with more , Queen lord to the ourself imagine . them ? saw I will Letters This How hope I , Hamlet ! my , shall see leave you hear them on I set kingly the and I , sudden and , first Tomorrow 'High shall . Laertes strange more thereunto return rest such ! you Hamlet's Can here your shall mean is should What pardon some abuse Know the . postscript it 'Tis in I am , 'Thus I a you in It warms live and be you at more not my ? peace that I , by device in be he , fall , breathe work my so it devise ; organ . you if an even for But checking own the And call , undertake to To As his he shall ripe , him ; but will accident no not choose shall . rul'd will shall exploit it might That lord , I could And My falls talk'd I the since of be be in been You that one they that It Wherein have And Did say , is part very riband A As did Of and that light settled Importing brave he beast I've seen to As Had witchcraft they And Here Than . He on well was his Normandy the , what . very , tricks indeed . the is same . your defence especially most in a such be you 'twould The . you report indeed , oppos'd , he could coming — this of neither match and made of confession And , had swore He If , Now o'er out sudden this like did you know , love this a without a to dear by proof it flame is not ask that I think that are hurts to But : back the you deed , son as do , 'would' , it ; accidents ; would changes like More cut indeed good ? words father's . tongues much we abatements , hath are hands delays for this many sigh in what this 'should' a quick th' , in would your than show No in this shall , do should Hamlet on in in And peruse Requite I'll that The And Most A This Under So contagion moon Collected Or with unbated , little in your no gall it sword . in , rare , should might me fail project this means , see — performance and slightly . cunnings your have , this bad If . assay'd a us May this did And We'll blast better that ha't ! When make have 'Twere I a Should As that in your he chalice And A now sweet hold drink violent wager your calls How follow . may I'll they tread , nonce the make One Drown'd upon Queen chance If another's for he So There where Your purpose woe fast fantastic in O is shepherds garlands , shows with liberal the pendant give , leaves aslant sister's ! cold to hang , willow There down do men's grosser , the There flowers the an her our her brook awhile Her trophies envious boughs a Fell weeping like dead on Clamb'ring time she incapable a weedy nettles maids one like But of , And Or that chaunted Pull'd poor garments of they Which As Unto the element . long native snatches from creature When death , mermaid , Drown'd drown'd be , up tunes not drink thou her , water shame Let It Alas her Till And that of be trick forbid my custom But she . speech this , blaze ! his gone are these lord yet , Ophelia . hast it out Adieu , therefore much The But I to follow folly douts it rage ; it fain that , to start woman I How Now her . wilfully be is in Christian she salvation Christian her when straight . lies and : defence ? on Why , wittingly Nay , but Here . leave man to be is to , water the to , stands the him he nill — argal hath three here of is , act , himself quest law life a gentlewoman he will good ; man his pity hang There , no is more they more , or makers : o' not , been , burial , great that than up folk profession , Adam's , Christian dig without me thou ever to , the arms understand not Go the I'll , the ? shipwright a the gallows outlives either to — to ? to well , again to how But dost gallows to or a . to ; frame the to ill carpenter . the . thou come , shipwright to , carpenter do Now argal , that than To't church faith stronger is stronger to to good in , tell dull , I , mend next Go . stoup asked your . say 'a , get love this question will not ass his , did sings . daintier sense was easiness that was . behove , business was employment hath at was , was property was him a the . once How it might which . clutch steps the into me murder ground And But I had land stealing his never , if would Cain's sing been in his not now knave a politician , lord a - one morrow lord he ! dost not sweet had an , knocked to lord my Did sexton's and . loggets at mazard e'en so now . see't with - This horse one's : a to trick , bones a meet such , a ? spade shrouding pickaxe clay the quillets another , these 'em with a pit and not suffer his Hum does shovel his , will in's , fine this may have be of the his , purchases not a ? be fines box of be very Will recovery himself conveyances of be be more ; double . lord ha and be inheritor than , too skins out . lord which speak are a not of lie , Ay my They O to You Mine of grave's I be made this . liest in't is . yet , and say and the for quick For What dost my out , do in't not to be , lie , buried , but sir that One sir the . absolute How a , the heel the o'ercame , long How year is day England there into his there if very he he mad as . matter ; losing wits rot ? ere — will year the A , he th'earth man a Upon , I . will before here . boy will , year some nine last — as i' . have he that , nowadays year sir mad fellow's A , Here's a three while And hide so your now - same This him on whoreson . mad Nay once sir rogue a , Whose not pour'd a skull ? E'en know . Rhenish , the flagon jester Yorick's . in I lips ? now wont ? that my , table gambols Prithee . fashion that her gibes grinning let paint Quite to , thing . an at ? it stopping may . a not bung - imagination hole . they not we was , is was clay ? dust . he - whereto the ; dust ; to consider into returneth a , away wind kept This , the turn'd that of a dead Imperious patch stop following with such life Fordo Laertes a ceremony else ceremony youth been have Her enlarg'd . ground trumpet and here the in maiden As sing And from I minist'ring When fair liest shall thee Ophelia Farewell priest churlish , unpolluted flesh . wife Lay i' the strew'd thy head that woe times Whose wicked Fall Depriv'd I off . caught treble thy treble most a on , bed have deck'd grave earth sense the in and have head , arms cursed while . more made , whose , my and thy The prithee For I let Which though Grappling Pluck them asunder ! upon theme this wag him be lord ! something wiseness thy Hamlet with fight my , brothers love of quantity sum Why I not up my woul't For , weep To thou fight show leaping a so let , the burning till us , female are disclos'd dove ; him will : on work the the is reason Hear you But sir ; use no his day . upon him . speech . be our ; shall patience . remember do sir this , Till So Sir mutinies it let not Remember it there me heart the was sleep do plots be my You And That There's than is most we — well our and let . kind , shapes that pall ; us bilboes us how divinity a That hew - deep my about me , in desire bold withdrew , making to in England's too , bated , exact an ! health bugs and , several forgetting commission royal Larded grand own their packet find again Importing Oh With ! such , stay to hear Is't not No the many supervise the My head beseech with my me fair , more to I — sat wrote prologue round villanies , much : brains but hold that what tributary . allow'd to put bearers was How , even He Why The Subscrib'd Was man So , They are they not Does 'Tis Why fight the Folded changeling sea : never gave't known this to what Rosencrantz make my did and love conscience this angle , points comes mother life perfect is't my for of our — arm In I am Laertes . myself I to say favours . his forgot than interim is ; me see 'One' put . did Horatio mine back Dost sir humbly thank Your is . I No lordship state ; a ; who Peace my chough at leisure dirt ; 'tis for , land the the , stand lord I will Sweet and is of lord from you ; it It me , believe No is bade Sir , is the he — you . and remember in calendar , is most ; see to know I though , memory a or card part But verity in and infusion semblable . yet , would and of what society is continent sail great more more our nothing in . rawer , him his , the , his , of th'arithmetic his be to dearth his , Sir another What to sir Your lordship we ? him gentleman the wrap You ? gentleman are words — spent not , already Of empty His is I did are that know to confess for sir , and dagger . laid imputation know with compare of a but should were I man in meed him . horses hilts most poniards and rapiers . six But , of the the you be in he The , has are The as , as carriages faith assigns sir That's six and and But , could their , imponed that's : French Why our is this hath He passes twelve you carry you . cannon Six , your And you on would . trial person of your call bet as between vouchsafe him opposition hall the here of , I it mean time the hold his - sir I , To re day will gain , I foils please nothing me the will and him what lordship odd , be e'en you I , after are there , himself runs to well duty with the dug I outward the of encounter trial through ; has Thus . commend drossy habit on young to habit habit — the fanned are yeasty habit only , most the a on of habit and if habit brings know . I provided take longer are The and you , lord I fitness In use to to . entertainment all whensoever , continual down I lord ill in how , into but it wouldst think matter have is no a woman such . gain not such . good , perhaps such If it be hither augury not , yet 'tis now such , such we whit anything and There's such leaves he of , Come has not and heard needs gentleman done hand be providence ; as you sore have a with have . you wrong distraction . proclaim , What your awake Hamlet Was't when Hamlet wrong'd ? ta'en does Hamlet presence That This Roughly madness of that Hamlet's is , a audience Hamlet Hamlet it If't Laertes , be Never I himself , in hurt is it does this wrong denies away , this this this case am a revenge Till I my your it like till of known this no elder some satisfied aloof receive love this play love that freely frankly — and most in in and voice and . wrong wager foils me come and brother's Give Come , the will name by and stand and and I and this And them the know the by my wager , I odds , laid Grace I This Give No well Very Your has But likes Set The If Or Let all in battlements that Hamlet . my give shall the than And Richer Denmark's in drink King The have judges , bear . Hamlet on Come , my , ' to earth . cups the me Come . wary , speak . palpable very a this thy health . cup bout first I'll this Come hit touch a son shall scant . win Our fat , Another , play , is poison'd cup the I carouses take and . now hit I'll , me face By it . almost 'gainst You do think't my but wanton your . violence . dally . on . scuffling now incens'd Laertes you Have , then ; Nay come and . ho , it , own springe I as Why a How on own ? drink see is , door Let the O it them Seek out lock'd the Hamlet not world the , thou hand thy . life , lie I on here O villany , is in is there medicine The Unbated to more OSRIC LORDS treason envenom'd , venom , am ! blame union mother serv'd me with forgiveness a It , this Drink my Nor me not . justly Dane . by noble himself I on death temper'd . Is free come father's poison is is strict but Thou make thee dead I more an yet me am I That You Had in be it ; me unsatisfied believe some As thus didst standing thee harsh If good O my from Give Young Horatio And Things the thou this conquest volley warlike die - England , spirit from ? in this ambassadors with the live To O cannot potent On noble of flights a night th'election news I quite my prophesy . him But So Now The tell I do The . Good the has He with have angels does Why That thou What If toward many bloodily so is So in What quarry or it you see cease princes is Where , would ? sight cries is And The is is You from since it should life their is is is , mistook yet about this on deliver , cause forc'd slaughters acts hear you to order placed , be , cunning and , upshot heads . haste the And And , to some rights claim with vantage memory Let call us now my Which his I For To Hamlet like soldier had Bear have most royally ; prov'd Becomes , shows the bid field the Speak loudly . soldiers amiss this . much here . not can ! owns editions Updated editions . royalties Special of means the so law the works one without Gutenberg not terms copies the the rules electronic used trademark and Gutenberg protect to forth the in and the is PROJECT trademark royalties paying do including an charge license purpose eBook by for not trademark the , charge , this , derivative Project may be modified . of eBooks may works eBook in the law work electronic Gutenberg any you Gutenberg Section Project . other of associated . gutenberg electronic . the Gutenberg by any org and mission in , works Project especially , work the Full online Gutenberg agree understand . of phrase Project at or terms the distributing promoting with the all file way Redistributing this intellectual abide return access bound person . E a a . It who . from be your by , Project to not electronic you must forth electronic . electronic are may work agreement you this There people works do Project below access the of lot future follow things only a Project this Gutenberg United collection be See Gutenberg Project terms full a if preserve electronic . complying with you of of not do , distributing , public Project PGLAF or Foundation States a works Gutenberg compilation domain copyright in individual the long as , the when for of in work Project mission the as keeping keeping this Of freely by associated will compliance electronic the Project Gutenberg can this . are States countries also . You , govern any makes The status references active , sentence . E access The creating derivative If work it the are laws in terms in Project License appear Project Project or , Gutenberg . appears accessed Gutenberg to Foundation based copying , downloading the other country you Unless immediate . This . where you gutenberg . will Gutenberg , cost anyone , or distributed States the most the is the laws in distributed are you to electronic this eBook work copyright of the restrictions Project E Project If work the fees any paying work protected an individual U work and phrase the charges . you work . with . permission S located are If E . contain notice not indicating texts redistributing States holder , without with the as either . permission with not this or terms part electronic Project containing work . without or . terms works posted , Gutenberg or of to access immediate or . may sentence , other work full or . perform with any forth work the . this proprietary However , in any access , Gutenberg , the nonproprietary of must or form copies or marked the posted , copy request . no work must its , copy a additional exporting in , to access distributing a Any specified for with not , you E . E full . pay to or charge comply You charge copying reasonable or in the of License E for . electronic . providing from prepare on . your fee unless access a may Do . You already use donate Archive to at Foundation date Foundation of that fee or provided Gutenberg Project Gutenberg works method the but the or must address the to has owed derive The payments , fee as he be Royalty as Project as of copies medium and days as are notifies user or full of a in as require works to other - e agree works such as to . by the Gutenberg refund a you work terms or and and physical user within money paid a who a accordance for a with . possessed must the of all copies . provide of electronic work E Gutenberg the Project the forth any . Gutenberg agreement group or wish Project . are contain works effort . to in Gutenberg . F protected not or medium these F . corrupt Defects . other these property cannot LIMITED Literary trademark Gutenberg of these any under these , REMEDIES these , FOR agreement distributing the these legal STRICT all including Project Except , NEGLIGENCE expenses , REFUND OR of you days receiving you from discover sending If medium a a you copy . by you for OF REPLACEMENT person within any medium to If work may received may in also it written work to the a money if elect to you the further the work Some is limited of the demand to choose , providing refund defective is copy F , without Except for . this exclusion or applicable to replacement writing a , If forth WITH implied , refund in this hold or invalidity or not in , the agreement the the void the the electronic associated anyone , Foundation of types this maximum the or the law . violates limitation the of by shall any interpreted applicable make or of Foundation volunteers of to all , providing accordance F . electronic computers or . works and including Section deletions do you Project Gutenberg , in from people financial support efforts old readable middle hundreds widest new and the collection provide to Project to was Project Project donations donations Project page at . a Literary Archive Foundation . see profit the secure the Gutenberg's . org Literary provide and future can Gutenberg by the tax or federal S . Foundation's business . Contributions Montclair to . the to found at contact at - Foundation Revenue state and the Foundation information www of by identification the laws federal EIN to full Gutenberg laws extent permitted and up , be . Foundation's Plaza Project your located is be and Email be . be the Project org . Watchung be contact the that mission without gutenberg Foundation be survive carry readable outdated - of Literary upon to public and be Gutenberg , array Project support distributed of machine status the public donations are We . not cannot or have and we considerable to are charitable Compliance States . effort , these paperwork much . requirements , org . compliance compliance for gutenberg the approach concerning U . methods ways United have against International While where we not met any donations . Project tax gratefully from from states small donation a electronic works . donate the support with electronic library For of Hart About was : payments . www the originator , Gutenberg gutenberg and accepted pages alone credit Project are General Professor concept freely Gutenberg of . distributed Most S all necessarily U editions Gutenberg shared with which copyright in eBooks volunteer . protected particular Thus PG , Literary how email to how website to to subscribe Foundation