and yourself the me . Long Stand You come Stand Stand there . relief I much carefully Stand 'Tis Stand Stand For struck now am Have rivals The . I think I you Well good , meet , and Marcellus make ! Say , this Welcome what Horatio . piece A Barnardo good ? this . our your ears pole , part from Marcellus off same figure In And When Had Peace it thee The . break , Thou Looks It . It speak King harrows would like ? Mark Horatio . speak See Stay speak , will and answer pale tremble Horatio , How ! this eyes ! might true ! this , our gone he dead an ice . that the work to state opinion he knows , watch my , I scope down , and eruption and gross some This twice Thus , So And nightly daily mart same such toils tell and strict the implements the divide this now the subject most task : the sweaty with me ; this that joint , of - labourer shipwrights the day . sore ; inform not Does What might night be Doth the make least to so slay Which Was Did Did To And been Had vanquisher inheritance the the His Against he unimproved skirts up a hath carriage in to mettle . Hamlet list a As terms his The Of Well That think Is And I was mote source the this whose Upon Was Disasters heaven to As But And prologue , I'll thou any to blast . Stay , to , and grace me , voice comes illusion of fate avoid to . thy to foreknowing may country's be done , in , cross For which Shall . Stay womb of earth in death partisan stand majestical invulnerable , show gone ! mockery air , being the is our about was And it To We For , so , 'Tis wrong malicious guilty morn , warning herein probation the erring ; and spirit . air hies earth at - sounding truth made object and fire and his in shrill to time the planets strike charm . crowing gracious , and so crowing part mantle crowing yon russet , crowing , tonight advice , eastward clad believe crowing is do in power crowing hath then , no spirit long night no witch and in and high upon seen we what takes hallow'd look dew morn of watch impart Hamlet acquaint will dumb , us , for up fitting I him shall to , befitted kingdom ; him on sometime sorrow of think nature whole . Attendant dear Voltemand and , Laertes Cornelius To Though yet Hamlet and it brow with as and sister jointress our Together with hearts be green , of , and our , our have delight wife equal In Our Holding Now Your With With With Taken to better affair this follows , Or a with Colleagued He Importing for much thinking by weak our disjoint dream we So all surrender of us of writ here , we proportions in is of suppress to - young of this nephew's and good bearers to you no , further more articles personal Farewell CORNELIUS haste King to commend power the allow than old . scope duty . duty our will . Voltemand dispatch Norway the of To , lose your And The The not more , wouldst is leave Dread Your offer though favour willingly duty offer confess my ; to France Denmark coronation came offer , wishes bend your to offer I to to more thou offer your your in the mouth , offer , duty pardon me consent and at to leave ; hard thy hour Take And thy Laertes my leave leave , By A little best spend ; him give you my now , more is that the than Aside But my kin common , be with that lives , thy for all common for , seems Nay is ; so it to nature know'st Do Thou Passing know , of , man suits , woe , bound father , term to is unschool'd , a unmanly 'Tis . stubbornness a what sorrow in your father to lost for , condolement obstinate obsequious In To Of do impious vulgar For fault To death From vulgar it vulgar vulgar we understanding most in our be and is as opposition heaven , vulgar , vulgar and till corse fathers for immediate nobility the his intent , you our Wittenberg to of comfort , cousin , Do I Than And which to note take love less dearest retrograde you cheer beseech we chiefest Our In going that And is Here I pray thy courtier the not Be the - speaking King's to Denmark in of a and Denmark ; that rouse Sits smiling gentle ourself my and itself thunder Come bruit shall . too 'gainst Thaw Or How O too slaughter O , of the - me ; fie all seed it so , That Oh weary Fie on't not should rank 'tis ! things dead excellent too not so the would and of come , him father's she reason uncle month like more Within of a married — followed that , but no galled post , father , she . my must sheets to to come I incestuous : Horatio friend , my poor my servant , you with ever , or to your same name good , Marcellus lord . Wittenberg good see . you glad My , enemy my affair drink your is to I do was mock , fellow funeral . follow'd lord , coldly Did Thrift Or . my , in my again like his take once not , my I a man him my shall , look think saw my my eye mind's . all yesternight my my your Who him , deliver had had walk'd eyes had had had had , me , fear , not more this , time watch ? it not crew in from it vanish'd then sound the , up motion to It But it speak , lord and it cock made But even none once address speak methought me in , down watch the , top toe head my from Then lord , O not his wore frowningly than in , or red he sorrow more yes A , with one seen . tonight , person itself though peace , my assume it to bid If Let Give eleven So your conceal'd . else whatsoever be my it If speak I'll it And I And will have requite the your Your then I Till doubt father's honour . you visit I'll deeds convoy sister do . give you from , embark'd as assistant them : are foul play the earth My And let But you and violet Hamlet Do is , And of a trifling the toy in ? his fashion favour , of sweet of a nature primy , so more and perfume The No No thews For crescent Think it ; but as doth loves but is , for sanctity And The He Grows wide His It As he in his so honour which particular far he yielding may his ear songs sustain treasure , withal no and to circumscrib'd loves it sister dear . chaste Denmark of and . his Ophelia keep And give the his fits head the Whereof If loss in chariest , To it of the oft Contagious canker morn of liquid infants moon the disclos'd youth blastments , near . spring fear though But this lesson good pastors his path ungracious good way and me fear not . libertine treads here rede long O , But smiles The And for Laertes Yet Be Those familiar dull thy soul , thou new not - do each But them thou friends a ; thee few but , thy , with their means of each For France in Are And loan they And of a For Costly Most canst borrowing , memory said you remember you , key in my the Farewell ; Farewell keep shall yourself I have to your , my well . and . the touching something 'Tis Given of If And it way You do not yourself I must clearly honour your put 'tis so oft on , audience so your time he well said hath he Ophelia me told private Have , very you most been hath as to of ; behoves , is He hath ! Unsifted in such tenders his ! lord think , as a you . his lord of to like green I should my I'll have not , believe not , Do you know sterling ; do , Ay I . of vows to Running , Lends You not command something to in him parley of your at entreatments scanter take in Even When Giving their the tongue light Do , you Than Believe may with a And Set Be As Look to Have not give to't Breathing Not But to words , I air is and it think shall ; I ; Wherein the it heard ; I it No nipping ; season rouse near ; to wont ; not spirit King , does doth wake this swaggering draughts drains it marry born breach headed manner in honour'd heavy his the his down ; takes of Rhenish custom a trumpet though drum - The though to though in their As though for The pith and ; addition and though , though Makes This , it observance : swinish particular nature his choose though perform'd and than the and west . in not guilty though , are and that ; wherein that — too of habit , pales cannot nature So our wherein of at height , them wherein attribute our men origin , wherein of some much complexion wherein manners wherein plausive some the breaking by else all that , the As Carrying of form The Angels and ministers a from intents Be grace comes questionable shape hell , Hamlet answer ; hearsed , the ; ignorance O but Dane burst canoniz'd their thee and marble jaws this mean , inurn'd quietly , Hath op'd , saw cerements bones to not royal , from charitable a such Thou That To cast Revisit'st , why glimpses horridly to shake of our it , glimpses action courteous more what ground glimpses . you waves do to glimpses impartment . not a glimpses no No beckons Look with glimpses will Do not speak ; lord be should , It by will with . go means it follow ? immortal ? to immortal ; fee fear immortal the a pin's at what toward summit flood I'll immortal itself it cliff it the every into puts some immortal , immortal , of of horrible of the immortal into base the shall . body not lion's . call'd a make hardy makes As with waxes imagination , I'll not fit this obey him come . Denmark will issue what ! I'll heaven By follow after ; Have Let's Heaven rotten is no . Mark me Whither to Must My When . hear . bound when , Doom'd am I revenge , unfold shall poor , but lend thy , forbid , house I nature word lightest - thy blood that of days done crimes the for What ? am start combined thy a the burnt To thy Thy each up harrow ears Like eyes knotted quills upon blazon List thy ever the hair stand must , dear God O thou If And of murder ! his foul strange ; be . To flesh unnatural . it the . Denmark death noble process in Hamlet ; to thee itself in that me stung Is Rankly that know ; out thou And A Wouldst That whole my thy sting wears my Mine O that of his incestuous wit , that , was that , the his shameful to of Upon went , Hamlet Though made me mine . a it From my ! and — marriage shape a , even off virtuous were never link'd , be dignity decline gifts and of it ; bed , a whose ears distilment of cursed hour porches an in The such in , my effect doth , And be of My the custom leperous hebenon of secure That Holds swift juice my , No Unhous'led , but blossoms of . most on imperfections , even of I blood eager wholesome - instant curd And like with did into So most a and thin And lazar Most all With reckoning made my horrible O the royal bed this let leave . adieu her her bear damned thee to me heaven , horrible , bosom to that aught mind howsoever not not But Taint the Against thy the Ay the wipe , All the away distracted , O ! the , you adieu . the Remember ; thee my pressures , all copied all and all from ghost stiffly sinews ? bear poor globe table . up me thou I'll , may My That At am , is set damned , it , be a Denmark . my in word . may smile most O with baser villain pernicious ! it and be tables one smile , so to me Now . are you is So ! ho ho , be it ! Illo bird lord , ho secure ho , lord ! my , is't How then But , would you'll , lord my No , reveal lord my , it lord by I HORATIO be and knave ? man be secret MARCELLUS , dwelling But be be There's be Ay ne'er be , ghost , right be without fit , so it To ; we desire whirling , my , this , scholars one my We good what , may you your For you are friends desire as As have . lord you you faith not . you . will known My , my Nay you we you , I . you swear't my sword indeed my . truepenny Art to the my my Never Swear my speak Propose to my my And Never lay your Swear speak Beneath you . i' work of by my sword again we'll Then ? Come hither by et this that have , our . Swear ubique to said old pioner but give and heaven . help earth welcome wondrous , good hereafter stranger as dreamt more hereafter hereafter Than are of hereafter odd I so bear disposition hereafter this shall , shake never hereafter , hereafter , if 'There 'We ; ambiguous mercy or your at perturbed poor his of fingers I my love your . it together him Give shall , Before you Of well And and who me what , lord first company , very intend make it . inquiry , of you come will it more they you ; nearer . and mark you drift son some his my know your they What That Take in , know at what are . keep , finding say very , lord , knowledge 'twere particular encompassment what distant in And do thus As part very I ' ; marry he's you mean , but dishonour please and may my ; known ; take put ; slips lord drinking and , heed ; wild and , far him it ; drabbing You fencing my , may , and liberty As To go is : the and may savageness flash A quaintly . or consequence guilty or 'friend or my of And sir of was to was something he about of . prenominate in seen ever of the . consequence' of ay , At the of , good Of then 'closes mass with him yesterday 'I thus , or t'other and perchance See now and of or such such know , 'gentleman and ' so or saw , you : and , there a reach truth — with such at enter we and with wisdom takes find you . me have fare lord . I . lord Observe , yourself . lord . music his God him ply his what's matter Farewell With Lord Hamlet hat upon his his his sewing God of the have , Alas lord , To speak Ungart'red No what , with was I , doublet his - head shirt a had horrors of he his My And his thrice rais'd — falls by He As At wrist his wrist And wrist As it being head shatter up shaking it a . his seem'd out to wrist the doors done so mine and and all waving of he , hard his o'er wrist perusal thus Long of stay'd arm , seek of the wrist King . over , over lets piteous sigh did end over For last he over to seem He over , with I to any oft , over And over is leads As afflict our given as This Whose Come And No That I had meant I must To This grief lack known . beyond ourselves our age , close kept to . the to Rosencrantz which it It not quoted to him . as , than , hate to we , provoke heard you so the I thus call it , court humour him put , brought that himself entreat to th'understanding young neighbour'd pleasures to time so since draw Some to That you to So to to to As to , As Your you into command us of the , feet , have full more our We commanded beseech son changed I , And bring Heavens Rosencrantz much My Pleasant presence too presence gentlemen Go you where presence these our and Ay presence Thou Have the return'd , from Th'ambassadors presence presence hast been Norway presence my King of found to Assure father good lord , Assure , I to the of cause Give The think Assure — Hamlet's to admittance speak be first Assure of that My Thyself tells Assure As it O Assure father's it is source shall news I our we o'erhasty . my shall , the him our ! son's hath . in and , them doubt Say and Well and death what good friends brother Norway ; found , from , fair Upon better his ; in out . arrests , hand 'gainst overcome uncle , Norway three him And herein On Whereon th'assay of Norway borne Makes rebuke Fortinbras Receives To an to commission entreaty dominions please As therein On as his With Through So for safety down enterprise shown , pass well time this well we'll expostulate , is time . nothing be but What will the , What I Why madam to , be to brevity waste night and but majesty My And Were Madam , More with true then cause this comes of by cause the have the effect a daughter duty and . this , defective — me it have remains in rather I Hath ill this from , but vile shall I awhile , madam thou the the , beautified is 'beautified' vile a faithful fire I this , above by And , But As fell my , to not by ear means best daughter , honourable me . his think you that you on what the wing , might , to bespeak thy thus I of I , herself out , gave star work , weakness , fast — and mute I this heart , a winking , his precepts : tokens of into , make , declension short a — she messengers then resort , be fain I'd said , this a likely ' know that , so ''Tis . it , Within walks ? together were I , try though that if hid find . it me hid is the So You How the Here know he the . arras then to daughter indeed does loose behind he love the state carters farm a keep We where the the try poor sadly board , the Away I How my presently But will comes it beseech O mercy me know good - lord I Honest , you my one to ? man a is . lord my true thousand this ten Not . You , my lord so were be That's very a , be , of as goes — a is a in you Friend Still Conception was said ? I youth a . dog dead daughter . he , very ; love for . fishmonger suffered . th' say I conceive to in And I'll is words do much extremity is far gone , read . my you lord that faces the matter ? slave Between , grey amber and crab purging thick set most men have you down , wit powerfully , thus I though , am , if , my grave air , Aside hits . my , sir I life withal cannot are , that not could , lord contrive , A you the , Indeed means of from my , well These tedious go to my , is there you ; fools Hamlet , God ! the the , earth do thou lord , how dost , shoe the . of her the . O her her privates in or , the have . lord But your that ? is we true world's the lord , that news my she , news news news not true hands news and the news , Let deserved ? one dungeons news or . prison good your makes one . you makes none thinking then then , Why I , God ambition Denmark being one o' th' worst . either is for your myself narrow . have and a I it . our and airy shadow For court reason and of servants for dreadfully attended But ; Elsinore that is of a shadow's so with the most am sort way , poor with own I friends Is justly , too ? inclining my your me we should am honest , what an like . matter such to dear it purpose looks which good nay , have have is there for craft you our of a be for or even , and Guildenstern an then Nay , direct direct direct tell direct of off direct so know , and shall we direct ; your direct will late I have , promontory o'erhanging custom of discovery all , mirth no my seems , than moving work other this canopy majestical to is animals And not . form angel dust quintessence , like in . appears faculties , in of firmament , of by think What delights and ? 'Man them coted in in said when delight to be if they shall king are receive my Why then coming . not his Majesty . the way verse blank the o' tickle and ; have tribute lover , you offer the , freely players Even How they say the laugh What it think hold their they Do they . grow not ? means . both and . Are the city they Do both residence ways late was profit the same , so No ? wonted rusty comes , eyases . it pace cry These . quills they 'em . and they can . so for't maintains . scarce sing common their writers them do ? and ? the brains ? away question the argument been them that Ay not mouths fifty is at strange they carry Do the very , carry there would carry Gentlemen carry welcome this carry There my you carry lest of garb outward . But the . which aunt ? the , father my the wind the . the handsaw a the . the a hearer swaddling the his ear an they gentlemen too a to tell to come twice Monday . is say ; for , each at not is Well be with you out and see there : lord sir right lord , Buzz . an you . come Then , honour his actor for on either , nor pastoral . pastoral are the treasure thou men only , Plautus too individable — came each historical , too heavy These what liberty be historical tragedy , scene world actors best pastoral unlimited , law What Jephthah my . ' love I , daughter , was it like most you , by the It of The row masters friends , O welcome my all comes show lord follows then that as , God you ! me beard to By'r , by welcome . welcome of be not a old thou Com'st quality a once but , e'en . a We'll , the uncurrent see all of you once the I one no the scenes in , there but , savoury well judgements . for We'll , in I the , speech What in play it in affectation he in begin where in memory in lay line Priam's let sable me he , so Aeneas' Hath With and their That Now heraldry is as The , it , complexion horridly gules . and Pyrrhus his this he dread total more mothers fathers a mothers the did the night resemble foot fire , mothers seeks impasted couched the and Roasted murders And mothers To blood , Bak'd mothers tyrannous . like grandsire , spoken , him . finds . mothers mothers discretion , sword ; top flaming head sword , crash fell his of blow and with ear seem'd painted often , work below still storm some Did the to his stick stood Pyrrhus . his in a as like And So A rend And Mars's less , and the nave the general , did , armour region as bold As Aroused than on take low as the barber's from her of , he . too . too on sleeps too too too too too . queen' ! That's But The In 'Gainst had , in if the seen move clamour sword them the in he she lank and o'erteemed venom see gods tears , of malicious that husband's made limbs have treason Pyrrhus she not has this brief ? and the passion milch make her his colour in's of mortal made And for , lord My will I'll your bodikin less they well , well , use while abstracts the report you speak will much ? the , your man in is , should Dost friends merit Use I more them his and honour . bounty sirs every could would ? deserve We'll . Can and insert in't , mock not some ? Elsinore you . welcome good and My and , am dream slave . player of own , nothing suiting Hecuba , whole distraction his or For , his aspect function in's visage , her stage speech he to the What passion do would motive for him conceit her working drown horrid indeed the with and rascal and - A mad Make And That Had he the , appal . me was of I he He weep the ? general and faculties the Confound have a dull very guilty Tweaks me But A damn'd No , mettled of a across throat this i' Am and nothing dreams unpregnant gives - fatted region face pate it the ? am of a ! and This kindless ere and have should treacherous father lecherous my to what And With slave's ass , creatures brain to so very my fall like , a a Been murder - most Before like . a my the . murder observe . quick the Play With I'll Have by the cunning malefactions soul presently tongue , have these my If spirit uncle mine tent I May Abuses he Wherein from Get And can why by all days himself by harshly and confess cause find with But what him will be state he Most Niggard free like a question , of certain pastime of the . in seem . they night This , as it the Most of assay so on raught To of And o'er With see all my shall see see For see see see That Will We may and as closely myself Affront sent , Gertrude , lawful may hither , behav'd no , obey your your bring , To such prov'd we 'Tis — show too Your Ophelia walk — We The devil , action are to devotion's visage this colour it art my doth true . plastering thing ! the most that Let's to ! with too give . not or slings No Or coming heavy deed him The To , that is mind a arrows arms end - perchance The more ? To die of question , troubles to we : fortune rub long man's law's contumely of life and the this off of whips so . makes That To Devoutly For makes The that traveller us to make the does that native thus rather conscience And with enterprises sicklied With returns weary life , bourn whose from the those o'er name Nymph ! fair lose With this Ophelia The all Be And my a , yours ? well day many this Good for . compos'd breath sweet their the prove noble lord There poor my wax for so well ; again My I I pray , words right perfume . lordship your fair ? admit discourse no from gives old our . so believe . you . breeder me accuse be you of I you so virtue it with to fellows more you of a I beck or you , believe none crawling . you honest of for ; not Why but imagination the more not deceived of between give offences not I could not . wouldst thou not play . sweet . that own in's not At , should knaves . Where's your my not heavens plague , thee give pure a nunnery men , go and well for ; nunnery , quickly . snow O as go enough . and make wantonness your me mad married too . Be . thou marry To calumny . you you say but , of state tongue To a all I , and given amble . are , Those shall rest ; no on't as more noble scholar's , is a soldier's O courtier's The Th'observ'd Like sweet with ecstasy have T'have out ? like not Nor out That out out out out down the seas of and our , countries still . What shall different expel ? on't him objects Whereon fashion settled well and , Hamlet How now do , of said Ophelia grief do I you thus believe his , him ear , not where him find she or shall shall ones ; in . Your It ; must think confine so not best wisdom send so ; conference plac'd ; let , please England ; Madness ; pray as may , are as soul a and to very to as the crier you hand your tongue the as speech as But - I town , that robustious as have Herods a nothing you Pray your as ; with special . end the be it avoid of but whipped Herod . out not Be , action , now show a — Christian thought profanely play grieve off overdone and so is and his though was from is it feature purpose of as whose one of so have man , of we it more I O is set the meantime . them And for have they , themselves , be to journeymen had humanity , be play your sir will be then of make barren that of there them that no speak ambition . ready pitiful hasten make players Bid ROSENCRANTZ We ho , lord What art your my e'en . man sweet Here Horatio revenue not advancement , O my do thee clothe , and no Nay hast fawning the let For with that thanks are judgement are passion's stop and Fortune's please heart me of this heart . King a the too the death - soul , foot act that , the thee comes before tonight with Vulcan's mine And a is I . judgements his heedful as to foul seeming our are that have ; join his whilst I . place , others and I Get Rosencrantz flourish A For Well we will both of my play the will theft this a Queen must the , feed capons play'd once i' are so these . this Excellent I promise No have nothing To That I did I lord , do attractive mark that ? there Be your sit more stay by lie lie lie matters ? lie lie lie . man a do died within's two merry be two twice my Nay , you long sables O hope lady heavens cheerfully - mother months outlive may whose - horse , forgot else is is ; epitaph horse churches devil memory Queen and head him his makes hobby a the , and hobby - then , with with her the accepts seems dead three finds some . The , it , her , or She gifts with Poisoner to seeming show tell you to you naught You are any show that or , We For are . and , a this love world commutual Since our And Neptune's About Unite most may and cheer , me from distrust That But Make us wash salt thirty and moons hath times and ere so of bands did thirties state though it holds so doubts fear made extremity , or proof , littlest ; there fear shortly and my , you is count you sick done late , you . must distrust know one haply rest leave belov'd Faith I grow love , functions leave great , fair — the accurst be kill'd wormwood . who but let be second needs For husband husband of love bed husband you we believe what , memory we now think slave oft birth fruit be mellow forget is , speak break to tree on passion in what ourselves pay Most ending violence own joy Grief even a not fortune left with ; on slender our lament . enemies of makes in love on his so contrary . own our is . run dead husband overthrown , enemy I begun end fates and who That ours , tend a , strife ever me have their are from , night my and lasting be , from the well break I and heaven light from . now joy scope destroy wife it me I from beguile sleep . from , from . And never The tedious 'Tis Ophelia . sworn To O lady Madam grow come too like between her The but , jest heard you Have , they no argument , how the but Mousetrap murder , and ; we gall'd done The . there in't offence offence i' the puppets the . what his , but the withers , chorus dallying . is a good your and , could see if . the to . I keen edge . are to and , Begin drugs and seeing ; time weeds fit croaking of midnight , thrice magic you With and is Thou Hecate's On th'garden , mixture poisons , him i' for's estate very the love with o'er . lights with strucken deer with For with Would Turk and the with with me get a , with , ungalled sir shoes For ungalled ungalled whole ungalled realm very , know one , I was ungalled Damon . dear ungalled O dismantled and A share , some like ! ha , I did very well talk king he Good if Why Come belike me , music Come , some likes . Come a history a sir , Sir , The , Is in my show lord , itself more With more my lord more put put him far discourse more would signify to purgation richer to his affair more . him plunge frame more some , start more it your the more end mother's of my me hath . do be return , you say sir . But ? diseased or wit's command that , the can mother ere you ? closet you this heels so stonish . behaviour to your rather My a the ; struck her , into amazement no there go lord , do liberty Sir the advancement in . You your distemper pickers did you , cause if the me my wind me duty , understand I pray you Will too be to recorders recover , do my I not Believe I know these it command skill any eloquent give breath lying with Look to . govern : I 'Tis , thumb easy unworthy sound me music speak . my much ? me pipe it make you yet ; mystery compass cannot can My Do By cloud that's almost to the . a and 'tis like like weasel Leave come and by say will I and will witching very said bitter such lose of speak tongue soul My will cruel not Let O I To him , my soul be , she seals me To I to of near will We Hazard terms he so of estate lunacies ourselves provide and those holy And your The fear religious many many it safe , more mind majesty of the upon life of and cease ; and 'noyance weal upon all The Dies The many of Are Did For King Attends he's , going the lord now we goes I Arm Which you will haste - footed . his to the To And 'Tis My hear as us arras Behind process that nature of I'll The speech And hath Though My like in stand both neglect with this where a stronger , A brother's pause thicker there guilt to confront snow visage we ? to itself as white to what's be down Then , of . to heavens serves mercy hand , to , What forestalled pardon'd is past being But to wash To to not . But cannot My Forgive I since which own be one , crown In May oft the seen hand the mine . and currents pardon'd ambition foul my what form murder my ? itself the of can soul state what Try Yet repentance can when Help the and ; knees as limed Art stubborn engag'd O , that ! angels black ? What Make of - new to strings be he is ! with heart struggling bosom O , it what wretched ! He his But all And 'Tis his To . how To is in Or When he with audit our him in and and asleep know , heavy him , he has of rage soul , reveng'd No : in't some bed his passage horrid stays . at his ; pleasure of salvation a his his heaven save knows who am or no soul but physic drunk fit At trip that that his heels or damn'd as about go heaven to thoughts remain below black may . goes sickly advances whereto prolongs My heat him , silence you Look pranks his him My Words thoughts have mother you I round round Mother mother him matter round offended round Mother round , my have , round Come Now round Hamlet , you thou , go you answer with an wicked . tongue . budge not . glass up you murder ! not of , Draws you those I see wilt Where What What How Help do , ho help . King the ? done mother this is brother . down , you sit danger I . intruding busy too , heart better , fortune fool thy shall ; so bulwark that an thou , not and done custom damned I rude have What rude That it rude rude so rude and takes off rude vows marriage such contraction of there of , rude plucks the rose love O and an . Heaven's blister and oaths , words from very The The and and picture of two seated front to and a combination a heaven and and god every New and like Mars was of this himself command : ear man of to . wholesome mountain you world did the eye Hyperion's what See Where This was your give A An this this batten Blasting Here A seem - kissing assurance set form his to have for ! Ha blood is tame ? judgement love Sense you feed ? you at leave Have : madness was some a so devil without at sure sure what was't What difference thus serve it to motion have ecstacy feeling , shame , part a mope feeling mutine youth her virtue a compulsive gives . in hell . Could Eyes but so not That without matron's as the charge no shame , blush ? thy true all , spots soul tinct no . more black their live love ears more to sweet no in mine enseamed an and honeying . A part the vice your me with o'er of hover and king the his it a shelf No shreds ! patches and What tardy , chide visitation This almost but But Is important laps'd you Alas , he's come acting whet on her her Speak in bodies her thy blunted forget and , strongest Hamlet , vacancy , gentle O with lady . sits mother . soul . you is't , Alas at Forth That with the eyes the Sprinkle the ! effects . this colour ; capable — you do life like an and of end in Whereon flame stand Upon form them cause To whom do you see speak ? all yet nothing you ; No you Why , My , but ! even . madness madness the to , time not is keep Bring re utter'd My I have yours . doth , but yourself film , skin . ranker rank unseen what's Infects Repent To And throw in For do trespass madness Confess avoid all is heaven this me within , my on what the of to to fatness for beg pursy these must vice Forgive cleft in twain good , woo of to cleft cleft . cleft cleft good , cleft on ; night him on of of and in eat , on easiness stamp , you on curb that And That To the almost With on I blessing To on I punish do That by bloat paddling let Pinch And you Make but a , fair a gib ? sober , secrecy so , creep . basket famous ape , a , know wise madness , bat would top the in , your own and , thou I to must I , said if words have made breath down neck be life of that to no way hard For I delve , yard . the his But own one man marshal They letters the most , to life , in night , most Indeed , toward foolish , most go prating secret crafts the directly . with end . guts the Mother fit Ah matter Mad as the rapier in this is Behind out Whips his my His And the The have kept how shall mad understand . good we of us , heavy with us to deed to yourself had been liberty you This But the , But , be whose ! to , he most was our ? love ? feed gone kill'd is let it Where , a what short be Should We To on Even Both we countenance We both O whom apart . pure a him all in Polonius dragg'd slain he hath the mother's madness join you hath speak , I up our body Guildenstern ! world's wisest the , this friends , in to do Hamlet dismay away shot air of the level As Transports hit ? noise Within Hamlet . ROSENCRANTZ . we that , believe it the body may 'tis kin . my on ? it us done have can of I a them Ay authorities . But , an , when : ape you of tell I . us where , A nothing Of . to seek to find loose him body , must desperate seem , grown and their but all scourge To . desperate pause sending Diseases sudden Deliberate appliance ? Where But dead We cannot is get from bestow'd body us , Bring ! Now where he are king e'en the fish of that hath a end service certain eats at , eaten the , dishes maggots of convocation emperor fat . ourselves and progress ? worm . eat — eat ! Alas worm thou by may king mean beggar . seek till you stay Attendants yourself . If your , nose . messenger if you indeed up find him for thine . To He will some this we do deed , Which which thou quickness ready tend , bark Hamlet For that Th'associates hast , England and is fiery With Ay England England , thou But come ; England for England England . our knew'st , England Farewell , father , England purposes wife . done aboard ! Hamlet and thou looks my Danish , you . is hence with , England for ; speed I'll th'affair may cicatrice if leans on , That And Go cure of hectic haps must the , Captain And my by his express him , Tell shall our in lord on softly I some , Norway , no but addition ground name Pole . it . defend never the Yes Why Nor Will That , five go Polack already will ; fee in ! garrison'd of wealth no humbly and this ducats , without . sir ? and please b' and dies God Will't and . go you and straight do revenge and . my Go dull he and And to How Be and a man and , no before and know wisdom and , do and and and puff'd event prince ambition , mortal is at with , mouths by a great , dare , argument to and and danger and . without of to not greatly honour's Excitements at all for Is But To Even have a kill'd , in straw I I men of like numbers not tomb cannot ? continent , plot see enough , the fight trick beds cause try the Which slain Her I or be will mood speak not is She will What speaks Yet hearers to straws use they , be might and own gestures unhappily thought , doubt hears , heart her move and ; says , things in at thoughts it speech Her . of ; and one make winks the And The 'Twere I his And sweet By Say Nay , He At his He is Nay his Pray head his a a At look , snow ! shroud , God , what , we are dild ! you Indeed Alack Gis and do't , will they if are to you to't , blame tumbled shame make ! fie thus fie my yonder bed must not been to fie patient But ground ? fie cold . counsel good ; I . fie th' good fie cannot My Come , night brother night done people and thoughts author whispers Ophelia greenly . clouds himself in , these judgement from come as containing inter we him her and in their pictures secret are fair or mere France all ear , death , this , many beggar'd arraign places door . noise , noise noise is my of with , world noise noise noise ' , word king noise clouds false king cry . ' . will . O . will we let's come leave me without all . brands . my my thou vile Keep Calmly that's my brow my , chaste the so , calm Laertes Give . my to between true such divinity Gertrude but doth — will incens'd my art little thus my of That his can rebellion is cause What go thy There's treason But . demand To , and came hell dare he dead ! the come both I Conscience allegiance damnation . blackest the stand pit , reveng'd , father ? in certainty friend ? writ husband them so well ; then them I'll blood kind thus rendering . life wide - 'pear to it father's speak . to in and to a of for in come to your to grief to to itself 'tis fine to . the it , thing barefac'd grave on is as love some in mortal is't , fine sends After , a tear . revenge a stole - ' . down . persuade his fitted than . that's remembrance and ; remembrance for remember , you ; and O here's must say you . Sundays They died . I . he . snow - death will thy to Go will never was flaxen is He All I mercy cast we ha' , God commune must see me , satisfaction it due ; your his so nor formal heaven , o'er . with you . in have part speak would them be should I I God him bless you , you bless Lord you . a for let you bound . too for . you . be you you . is to know am it England letter letters have have very for him . on put appointment overlooked a Ere warlike On ; I They instant I . letters wouldst ; good fellows letters direct your And your put heard a heart acquittance seal , for that you for friend , appears my and well you Sith you he me , hath But against in these , seem myself his unsinew'd , up things . not and proceeded mainly were , you , to moves count graces to my loud that that ; so his the to have Would And , the where reverted I had desperate of that of sleeps if a noble . so shook be , father . pastime for But my shall — imagine . Hamlet the ? Queen . them from , to to with , them not . He . saw I ; them by they given Of and , Reads . shall advise ? ' Can you character Hamlet's 'Tis , the warms . him thou tell diest lord him my in Know some . 'Naked says But 'alone come , return'd means , peace my If ? lord me to ? work that me rul'd be Ay ; could That might it . uncharge wind not ripe , If peace at checking As No more exploit it be devise organ breathe ; so . the you if Of one falls lord that not they have of shine . him a parts much quality siege . cap the And all all indeed , all report defence sight rapier you neither had oppos'd all could he cried art and your That all all If swore nothing o'er Sir with this envy of report his envenom of to play with lord my a the face think I lives wick , growing at his should Dies kind goodness do And Will Hamlet on Frenchman The We'll And your , generous on peruse not , heads and the double bring . varnish He praise come home your , remiss fine fame together contriving all from so shuffling him will I purpose in for , little a that save simples cataplasm the . can withal , all thing I'll him from my point . I slightly , fail means project , me this might hold cunnings , your you . on second , that , hot Soft or assay'd shape proof in a blast in solemn 'Twere that us have better back our through not our Should did We'll I If ha't your And make chalice by If he One woe follow is There shows his liberal cold There the nettles do maids shepherds , garlands the , a give grows hoary with That That - flowers Clamb'ring our Of crow But on hang her weeping down , brook time mermaid - she element one like Or Unto Till Fell Which And of therefore Too shame Let The I Let's I had fire Gertrude do to , start . his ! again ; therefore , her , and in own Christian her make she wilfully when straight crowner point three she , to act perform : found so else an argues and wittingly herself hear , act , it do ; if drown But , he not is But buried been ? have say'st thou this should ha' the , on't truth the drown . to more or pity that themselves no is hold great ancient up more than gentlemen Adam's profession Scripture ? the either thyself to . digg'd ? than stronger answerest me — that the . thee than To't a shipwright , that tell a mason me and tell will your dull this question doomsday . ass next Go . he that easiness daintier , the this which politician jawbone and , into never if as , tongue a to offices This - ground had skull a lord of courtier This ' It might say be which , good , trick at another he shovel now There's Why with quiddits a Hum recoveries . his , suffer , might the his this his lie of a more pair of this in scarcely breadth will and , and this fellow calves They are I think O , a , do on't sir lie my For , You dost in't for quick ; for it . in't ? then For Who is none What neither be , I How last England he mad are men mad . there as as he they there ; the ? here i' lie before nine eight nowadays , a great while a your is he year Why scarce hold rotten the . A than another was King's ? Takes the skull infinite jest . E'en that A , know not was pour'd flagon a , skull poor Yorick . I how most excellent gibes now ? Quite to set her let ? an paint the - chop — Prithee table ? th'earth trace ? imagination lord . may stopping of ; might they not earth so died with thither , we awe winter's , enlarg'd as far was the ? death o'ersways unsanctified ground . trumpet in great For doubtful . youth else thrown rites should pebbles that we should but She have warranties and bell allowed strewments she is Of maiden no more sage No profane more done be ? the to her rest dead churlish , th'earth souls , tell fair i' - unpolluted sister my priest be , head made , skyish . the grief whose he is What such an the Conjures Bears wonder Like wand'ring - Good will fight upon wag . theme lord Gentlemen will ? brothers . this longer wilt thou Laertes ! him . her of , for forty quantity , do : forbear of me ? come with thou up . do't Dost quick To outface buried his of pate a like I'll This thus Anon And , that as golden her the is against Nay . till an , rant Make Singeing fit the sir sit couplets mere as well madness will ; me thus matter day ? But . But But may no it do Horatio good But what that reason you will The pray mew But present watch to matter set shall quiet a shortly patience in of some But other the — see we son . speech ; be ; push our hour Till And Worse That heart me it Remember , our deep divinity hew out Grop'd To My Their commission fears my their my I mine my my , my My With on my ho But wilt thou the commission hear Is't the ! That beseech with — commission play , it hold the I Or They had thus As As them her still wheaten their 'tween palm tributary might , garland great these of of , contents or , put time allow'd . in signet of the th'impression gave't bearers to sudden ? seal'd - How seal , my of , the . whor'd stand and , king a what now points , England perfect proper further issue And is't — in such And this this evil The I image am the of the Peace , comes back to ? lord good a 'tis be lord vice him I as , say thing , and this know , beasts . a bonnet to his your impart northerly . the . Put . spirit of for , indifferent is , is very beseech remember , Sir is lord , 'tis very indeed has I complexion . my , cold , you absolute and or calendar gentleman . for , great I wager my ; the of in mine , your on great , faith him no of to excellent to , come feelingly in be else make of sail , I know infusion more his , see , most would ; Indeed in his him and tongue ? we to Is't mirror I take and The lordship speaks Why ? concernancy possible do not Sir You ? words this really are . gentleman you faith . not you sir excellence compare him is — me yet if , Well know of did ignorant ; by But six , very six responsive Three to conceit hilts . most the . well . the by you carriages ere must to , I take , of call are be horses sides our The The liberal knew , are we then their the matter the if hangers margin done had could three cannon and . against call as , dozen you , bet , be to sir it a laid on your trial immediate hits imponed that Why against in hath no if answer . lordship you nine the twelve assigns vouchsafe . trial Majesty hits . odd for foils it the can gentleman e'en . will if Let the win ? will commend well does there . he dotes has . himself are no , for's . of he turn , outward out you trial ; and and sends the most , He take to , pleasure young . hall the now Now as purposes to that play and and King . ready Queen The well to before She instructs to all . desires Queen this lord . have matter would their fall the readiness The not gain not . as leave hand this take leaves it ; to me come not of what . hither now Since ; it augury , aught if as pardon't knows presence , has be defy and There's special if will a , we come , I here honour was done distraction sore , and exception heard . from are you must a ? be , is madness not it Hamlet does he's himself himself ? of poor proclaim needs with . away madness awake Hamlet Hamlet not Never wrong . does His Laertes If't , faction is Let Free offer'd Whose I Till offer'd offer'd I do offer'd offer'd embrace it freely offer'd one like And will this , Stick the Come be foil me this off a fiery mock , by know my better'd me This This heavy These he is too , the , has Grace therefore see , But I since Let we odds . a another have , all ? better ordnance , or Give a Come earth eye , heavens begin without ' bear sir . on the trumpet the have . the successive which union throw he me kings , One . my , again ; give Stay to the Give drink me him . Here's cup . it by . I you it face now . conscience . Laertes almost him thy poison'd yet drink not dare I , you so . me . wanton on rapiers . are come there sides both . How is't on , Why No , the Ho Treachery O , the lock'd be slain thee , half is . King , in thy lie I poison'd the mother's blame . but hurt here Dane union thy Is mother justly with death thine on free thee make , dead that That in Thou O cup standing this Absent thee tell warlike conquest ambassadors , the To die o'er has the . him have On tell Which a solicited the aught This If our And To That tell Where should and life upon wars Polack the so , on here High Are accidental put carnal You since never commandment and unknowing shall , bodies from these view casual unnatural and about th' . cunning upshot inventors' , me Of , Fall'n Of deaths And on And Let the with , us rights claim some now call have Of To For he The have was prov'd the , Speak the up music for here the but bid loudly Go previous renamed by copyright and States old copyright , works off in off part off , off United off off trademark and and given with the protected you eBooks . is for . trademark States especially law in ANYTHING may use modified be , reports the derivative of easy the copies terms electronic Project works , Gutenberg the . copyright . may S eBooks this . Gutenberg do other by To work that license intellectual property agree and abide cease using or a your and to return all to Gutenberg the or works Use available of electronic and with this license you General www or terms you Gutenberg obtaining forth you a agree copy must a you registered is in you you complying you the a with There you you follow of terms most you the to Project things this agreement this Gutenberg E terms you . do individual the See are by paragraph in a terms Project of . collection United in Project works the distributing States copyright in the the a law can full access . preserve help PGLAF individual work the the copying based by works Project collection States works agreement works Project . or Foundation all Project with free access you located Project name associated with the this freely in creating that Project and you Project will compliance full . If . this you of terms the Gutenberg Project to in terms the support references displaying or Project its it of downloading Gutenberg works based on displaying place charge Project others the Project , are United work , copying in work change laws have removed , country the Copyright Gutenberg this when performing the you with , this outside derivative than phrase to immediate E The you the to Project work The phrase prominently access copy Project , is , other creating This give , and - almost : which most the online , accessed copied anyone is a with or this will . or United , restrictions . work this have If use displayed cost appears must or it , is no viewed of Project at States individual Project using or laws the you distributed charges be by before you with to you work with the to paying work indicating notice holder associated or paragraphs on Gutenberg to check is in anyone . permission S access posted and any it U . If not Gutenberg Project , eBook located are that fees or electronic copied . holder paragraphs the in use of with Gutenberg from the . permission linked permission the the are of Project . copyright perform , part Gutenberg containing full or Gutenberg . work E or this with . work distribute with the in or of distribution posted is Project Additional and use your , E both copyright the Project work holder holder by beginning unlink work other any display . distribute and Gutenberg , files or this this electronic , E the including , work paragraph the remove detach . Project no means a , copy on up or of to part , immediate marked You or or not Do electronic displaying distribute the , of specified access to viewing Plain fee at the alternate Project , paragraph in any for a form upon copy provide version than . may convert , hypertext . E . org Plain obtaining of the or with , Any fee Project . for profits calculated a charge access . unless . fee reasonable of Project of use already . may or distributing . E must original the its format derive paid , electronic he The . taxes Gutenberg paragraph You comply you to of provided Project your a use you Gutenberg agreed to to Archive donations user that Gutenberg who in specified by to and sent Project receipt or Project of days such the e to days following donate payments Archive about - Information Literary Section you provide Gutenberg legally required clearly be should , License writing must or does You a full refund possessed a user terms the not agree all copies in any . all work If . comply discovered and receipt of paragraph works to other physical . within distribute the . Foundation as set of permission terms writing Project full of other with for paid money electronic work is the to free of must , Section the below Gutenberg trademark a works or Section different obtain in Section transcribe Project stored may Project copyright not , Section copyright Literary Archive Contact , law . volunteers Section in Gutenberg forth do , Section . F Gutenberg electronic . and not to works by Section collection a protected identify U S . a medium on but defective paragraph DISCLAIMER virus transcription a Despite or in any HAVE a agreement , REMEDIES NO a a fees . defect in this within days of if any paid If OR you - STRICT receiving it by you , can for from sending return If it discover the must replacement provided you a a you medium . writing , in in that give a refund a second electronically If copy 'AS set you or , a replacement you WITH forth limitation limitation applicable to this agreement this allow the law . or void maximum state to or interpreted the any of by shall damages agreement limitation warranties the . owner law If . any the . of . disclaimer permitted . You agent Project employee - copies of of agreement and , any any Gutenberg indemnify with following which that harmless . make state to of agreement applicable provisions agree this provision promotion and or volunteers and directly or of all liability , arise cause alteration work any , this and Project the middle widest and It . computers of variety new , modification of donations the to life of readable c Gutenberg's , provide Gutenberg to . support readable people obsolete electronic including is hundreds free the walks to for more readable Project Foundation the to provide of of distribution Gutenberg readable and readable in and and ensuring available need exists readable Gutenberg generations Archive Foundation and Foundation at the Gutenberg donations federal Contributions state The remain freely Archive learn page Foundation's . is Archive Sections deductible federal number Revenue . and how efforts EIN tax business , NJ Foundation's . Foundation c Project . and under the to . are and and your Project USA U Section Foundation about Literary exempt or the . Service Mississippi Gutenberg the contact to Archive Literary contact date The - The Watchung cannot carry public corporation . of information laws is can page S office be at about upon depends official Foundation's the and uniform all important readable domain donations . gutenberg . Project be regulating the not are donations to with . maintaining . works SEND of compliance to the accessible small particular . and committed form exempt of it in compliance solicit states locations keep a United fees for in visit with requirements solicit gutenberg the While have against the United statements outside States International methods or have , effort received not do We not we where treatment www . org donate . treatment make of other . from small donation swamp a donations staff treatment cannot our . that and be works the treatment printed To treatment . alone pages Project the library anyone treatment freely donate please checks addresses and Section General including Professor , S distributed . U Most . unless a notice . Project Gutenberg main Project and Gutenberg eBooks , has which with Project Gutenberg all including people Foundation includes www . produce to . with org PG to how Literary paper Thus particular search about to new