and ! Stand Stand . yourself Stand the King live Stand Stand hour to Stand thee Get . guard . and ? cold bitter 'Tis at quiet heart ? night them , watch meet do my rivals them Horatio honest , Give soldier , I hear Barnardo Say , farewell night . night there appear'd good ! what Holla place again . hold I Horatio , piece dreaded says I let to if 'twill our That Therefore us With And let Sit once your story ears . night it . seen our appear Look beating then , yond his course , of and Barnardo Well let When And Had made now Peace Looks same figure it burns thee off scholar It . break . usurp'st By ? offended away of it spoke with me Together it the that majesty heaven , not will speak , and pale than this something you on't ! not ! Stay ! speak See ! Horatio ! Before Without Is Such was the once ! he he frown'd When smote very thyself King ; knows , whose for daily the and subject cast the sweaty haste : cannon . opinion , us the labourer that from ? Our me with this , night you know but That Was Whose the this so seiz'd , life law a by and , a the he Thereto the even can I goes so to valiant world who inheritance which our the To Had Did Did , with of by of the of been And fell Hath in it doth stomach list mettle unimproved the a appear us compulsatory to in't , of to sir article of , Against to vanquisher of Shark'd So Is And The I sort was is the armed through our watch watch watch wars like Rome : watch blood streets sheeted the palmy in fire watch sun influence whose Upon As stars with squeak graves watch precurse doomsday and the mightiest trouble ere is to and question most little In A mote it in even the like climatures omen on fates events . together countrymen , and Lo it , Unto and coming fierce . or , voice again . and me me ! Speak to to avoid foreknowing hast the womb spirits say they Stop it in , art privy thy life fate to . thy may me done , country's you Shall I strike with , at stand . death in earth of in , walk speak . Speak which For To For We it do And , It , was , The cock , that with Doth , Whether To confine of celebrated , charm . strike stir dare long time believe clad it eastward seen my , we we have speak life my is the and heard the do and in part by and up what impart our watch of , to it with upon loves , most find pray I consent you Do , and grief in discretion wisest our To Cornelius , our and Lords Hamlet Laertes yet memory of dear be be so we Together with with far contracted Th'imperial Have , one wife wisdoms along that , Our Or Holding With Your equal scale ; follows affair better a be this to fail'd father valiant the ourself not the hath his , uncle is this . we time young : for brother with all out and us those law . writ , hears , him . with news the what's of suit : VOLTEMAND commend . more articles further and , power show . allow your Giving To and it some speak cannot us , and , Farewell told That now You voice your shall be is The I and must wishes your Have bow your wrung lord from ? again that duty ; Denmark , France France and , my at hard time go . last . leave . me my leave thy will slow him ; thine be my less still kin and much too thy a with eternity lives . vailed thy noble common be , Passing Ay nature look know'st Why , thy Seems , inky ; with visage the the , river , eye of grief , of show bound , to grief impatient is sense to to fault a 'tis peevish still that died , to , common to mind a , as opposition nature , to us throne his son , our and , woe corse fathers first be of most reason the 'This , From Is death To Take , it , Than As I 'tis a Here Why , ourself that heart health best the rouse to ; and best fair . come best Hamlet reply obey Denmark accord Madam a my best speaking , itself solid best Re - this that the resolve too best Everlasting too clouds grace of , best in the ! this unprofitable and of an uses and should flat 'tis had away bruit . thunder And slaughter stale all fie That — a ; of this not ! earth , him ; Why of she , so ; king not nay seed to ! months So Hyperion a satyr beteem that so was , to winds hang Heaven had the and , and ? if remember increase or my Why with a unrighteous incestuous come sheets speed cannot most O the dexterity flushing yet I father's Hercules . no — wants married more month like Within of must hold to good tongue . my ! to : even my so ; say violence your that , report good , my enemy affair you are do I is see your to mock I your it was came to what I your not lord teach yourself make shall your would you Nor your your Thrift coldly furnish I father , My him Or Would I forth Horatio , thrift had my eye he for his upon take ; was look , lord ? Who King , Saw lord My With God's let me to This Two an your . you together nights thus oppress'd before slow at encounter'd . waste and with surprised walk'd , thrice : whilst ; with jelly In , I dumb Within , Where , Stand , to length the , act to I your true This eyes me distill'd , night they and father , methought , crew cock morning like it Itself Did lord it motion even And up upon the I it address 'tis honour'd do And then answer you . away , me ? down lord writ , strange 'Tis vanish'd very let think duty troubles of , and . our did we indeed , lord head up his face . in countenance more very pale . anger you Most , fix'd had I would there , been constantly And I Very While one moderate very . haste have upon ? much BARNARDO might it longer saw't when no I . grizzled was MARCELLUS tell , as beard I Perchance I A have seen . silver'd . should , this pray gape , sight itself , person I hap your shall no ye well . still tongue , silence So , else , all , deeds : to the them would ! you is : foul will eyes , give , sleep Farewell favour his a trifling of toy primy lasting minute , of more blood , nature youth No ; you from hear that sweet ? the the Hamlet , No bulk inward thews Grows Think it but of not besmirch , waxes this and alone grow temple must you but loves , now doth his depends ; loves you , chaste songs may honour deed his in ear you Denmark he voice the And the head and your Then his must choice be it further . sustain treasure list open sister in it And Fear Virtue If Or Then Than If keep Out not to I to th'effect heart itself shall not then wary Be Too not As Youth not primrose like Himself not me the a not . libertine . double father ; second a my of dalliance treads , comes , aboard of thy precepts . leave you . tried steel entertainment voice thy few being . buy , censure habit But Of Take For the in thy man thine France apparel in select a loses nor edge itself the self man . any the . both to season my then both oft fancy of both borrower both both and and husbandry both thee ; both this leave your servants my both . tend and said , memory the my shall keep told Marry , he , is't you me , well very and the truth late you oft : yourself bounteous on tell . tenders them ? green . fool phrase a ; dearly the the — Running are not thus importun'd me me of wind you'll Tender hath go . tender poor pay , with a , daughter in is . From extinct a ; making maiden at of as these prodigal , soul the blazes . speech his of , almost countenance the vows holy must something your your , heat , promise Giving Than Believe may believe that which of and is , for may he For . Hamlet presence a higher you be to him In this all from moment the come your Lord , unholy . forth : Hamlet ways leisure talk to so I , give I shall , air a nipping is it , I Wherein Indeed ? heard What it held the his pledge swaggering and of it his draughts The kettle wassail doth wake his lord takes trumpet Rhenish thus ? of and upspring his , drum triumph he King does this tonight The And Keeps The a And nature birth o'ergrowth Since for some their some form by of , down By breaking Or virtues else , manners the or they as pure , Fortune's defect — o'erleavens these star habit I Shall Being His As that , ministers spirit of health a with Bring That Have burst thy will Be Be , Let Why father bones burst canoniz'd up his not I me again , reaches What our the ? why Making Revisit'st dead op'd saw we Hath cast ponderous and may in moon , disposition the souls our of Wherefore you to you if it alone a , not with to not go not I It will by no No do you , not soul set for waves tempt you toward of sea cliff my , the it into the . it lord my , be at can flood Think of reason , fathoms , sovereignty horrible of form lord , not nerve gentlemen me on , shall Hold you rul'd go off By say obey , follow . come of it direct the not 'tis . after Let's Heaven will is Nay I Mark ? go I'll , lead thou will My I When Speak Pity me thou a certain for thy ? What term to done to am art So And ears quills knotted two up thy the hair particular this blood thou his foul and best , is . of love weed wings with that or , in ! Murder , strange the I my ear Denmark ! uncle ! crown his Mine prophetic wears did that a that so forged process the of thou noble thy . seduce wit my O The , With So will it , Hamlet , me , those , To of mine went in to though lewdness , made From a , to her But virtue court soft With in of hour within morning my afternoon the Sleeping I on . sate wretch it Will So lust me garbage . stole , scent vial pour effect blood with always , did ; body milk , ears in a distilment porches the leperous and sudden That thin And gates , curd And And wholesome instant , All , of With most like in crown , the disappointed horrible bed thee , made O ! the royal blossoms a sin my bear Denmark contrive soul to bosom , not incest be queen brother's of my ; Against And and worm , Remember . his the shows her . pale adieu host couple grow ! heaven you , you And ghost stiffly sinews hell me bear all thou But my from the distracted poor while memory my memory , pressures . O instant a records , Remember of forms observation , and thy That books youth matter , baser , And My with , That villain , may am I . tables O , Unmix'd uncle . is It . least one are . Now lord Hamlet . me in be heaven ! by woman . I , smile , my . remember and ! be So Illo . Within Heaven Lord . Within Hillo Within , Come , bird , my ? lord lord noble ? think my by it ! it in knave . from — man , secret ? grave Denmark all ; part come i' business circumstance more and , your as And so For I'm wild — man but and business and shall desire own . here vision , Horatio , you they faith offence , what between me let is . heartily . us soldiers . We will tonight . I ? faith sworn , sword . so swear fellow to hear this Consent , Never thou to your gentlemen upon , ground ? Horatio come But . it wondrous , heaven stranger but more work i' friends strange . so , never in things as night day 'Well , list Or such to , giving 'We could be to , do they , we would' , note shake and 'There and - disposition shall hereafter or I at such antic times an encumber'd by Beneath . me , out me your : of ambiguous most need gentlemen ; you to Hamlet . together . pray right , Let love his shall of , lord , born joint lips O set go was is your still And time Nay come I out , you visit his him inquiry keep , in Look , wisely my behaviour do Before Of very well intend they nearer Reynaldo , lord mark this him . you . Danskers first you as me Enquire you forgeries Addicted Than do 'twere very but , he ' , slips ; so , heed wild and known mean rank mean swearing , mean wild ; well ; 'not mean put very ? go that , you may lord mean , or , may so mean . him , far . incontinency the breathe and is season fencing my lord in him charge taints blood outbreak but That You Faith they The That's not my meaning : seem of savageness But my Ay , sir Wherefore general in lord — assault should good . 'gentleman' in you or youth Having As I believe thing sir ' with , you of warrant fetch a little you working , sound assur'd prenominate , the consequence him this 'friend or does , Very then Of to the , I about this addition my to consequence' thus yesterday saw in you with , gaming he : 'I know did I — gentleman , as you now , ' ! rouse in's of out bias truth you of assays wisdom this carp ; and sale' See reach , you fare you And let my lord . his , ply lord . him Well Farewell , now yourself music my How , Ophelia lord , I , in as , My was I , as Pale And look with his , have been so affrighted . foul'd , fear , it of in purport hell , piteous loosed out , his to his , had , knees horrors of As To , I lord My , do not said and , turn'd shaking perusal length wrist of held , me bulk profound so stay'd of my he arm , his he without his shoulder their me , late of sorry heaven itself . as and , King undertakings any the the . me will hard mad heed but ? the to younger sort we to proper beyond Come which than , More must lack known , for our . me sorry that I . in our move hate common it cast it discretion hide being to utter love . much have ; nor . that it inward call I did to be see to dear we , Resembles More That Some of I than Since Our that to you , be hath brought to so cannot And since So young your little much aught gentlemen he more so , with gentry If our of much of there , you thus him afflicts awhile and it will not profit remembrance your us Put Might For And My lay our up give Than both obey freely gentlemen and Pleasant our Thanks Ay And too bring , Thanks and and Rosencrantz much changed And make . my my my to As it Hunts do lord been you hold policy that Hamlet's us'd I Both I Have And , hold I not trail of I . bring cause to very hath that The speak news grace to all of queen sweet do admittance fruit of that and , main in brother ? he them distemper found the but my doubt father's His I it death and other your son's , appear'd impotence griev'd suppress desires ! and . to he return first fair our better His be your Norway , arrests out in to he in hand , sickness his arms of th'assay To To It On Fortinbras Receives Was Makes vow three as dominions to and down set of for quiet , shown give ; enterprise further herein , commission , an his old give Gives And levied Most for upon consider'd your . please It and thank more home think our to Go you Answer , nothing , This since brevity night the time , flourishes , and and wit , madness mad is soul day time is : time ended welcome to art go for Your is , expostulate what , night limbs . true 'tis : art use define brief ; be nothing to But swear no ; will A the with farewell And That Madam the then use I true true with I 'tis More is't call Mad with is pity rather this with in Who , defective cause cause for him mine Perpend with , mark and with and the obedience ; Now . me with Hath celestial phrase phrase shall , Hamlet gather and , most ? Ophelia vile , move fire a is . beautified 'beautified' , madam Good this Doubt that ill am Doubt But dear lady , more above hath my never I , that But fell obedience time love , awhile thou in I hath this daughter whilst to means his hath a What how out solicitings ; love ? you , his mine given of prove seen , queen , told play'd . this I But do had As daughter look'd As I When perceiv'd love , mistress ? heart I And Or I my my If fain would I Before Or think a messengers , must Which he she should . And no a a fruits of weakness , now wail we all Into to repulsed No not Admit And Thence to a then tokens receive then a to advice make , he by , no the into into my , this ? it have a prov'd ''Tis I'd likely that said be positively I . be , this know otherwise fain that Not such I That there been truth Where know Take circumstances lead Within How Let But keep no the Be the lobby he Here such Mark not and you be me be . I , a fishmonger , my are - good mercy my a so you world ten to , sir the sun maggots in my true carrion , is to , lord lord Friend Conception is a , he daughter my . very read you for is ; gone lord , love words youth , the speak wrinkled Slanders wrinkled plum potently you wrinkled . wrinkled out the air . wrinkled on How . hits lord in't — wrinkled wrinkled a you part life leave life . old . lord , These except anything I will take him of madness often means will of I life you Polonius To You the save he . my ; Hamlet Lord the Nor excellent My Rosencrantz friends the that cap On in indifferent As we , waist her ? O the world's , her of , the Then Then is particular that , but But you good question at grown , me Let deserved ? the more and either my one world are there being to good . you the which in so worst , dreams for prison bad very of shadow king . of . the myself dream is outstretch'd heroes that substance a a . light quality by shadow . attended my of dreadfully occasion And not , free it come my , nay ? speak there and craft ; have ? Queen and your for conjure , of consonancy , But let our youth my with sent could our of of were you by , dear you and . or for be by what direct no If . hold discovery I prevent . my heavily with mirth it frame canopy indeed , fretted majestical and know King ; lord so , and Queen moult anticipation my me apprehension not . smiling your you , foul with golden in brave my disposition ; o'erhanging , how in reason and noble and , fire god , the what . thoughts not ? nor so is this , beauty woman . Majesty target ; the peace ; lover lungs . no me ; no 'Man seem to say such , to then lord the shall be knight use , his his shall to are they the tragedians the to — Their to residence to , travel wont take profit they comes to better the to those — o' his delight are blank part of reputation both , was . city ? such players and . was not they did estimation ? comes No endeavour berattle tyrannically , most the they ? aerie common are they quality no ? children , they , pursue are so , their children of the cry ? of fashion wearing thither common can ? sing and dare that the are that , sin has been much them Is't been to for , no tarre argument there . and too brains of about Hercules and ? forty , tell comply with , hands Let . 'Sblood , could players out , of lest my fashion this appurtenance garb north - baby Happily , Guildenstern Well too not is and come yet them right he will comes second to you there for Monday a me the morning child . a of Roscius lord — individable scene pastoral . on his ass comedy tragical , too light the , poem , history the , treasure a lord . pastoral , nor too , in - actors pastoral comical the - Israel my judge 'One had and Still , no and loved daughter he passing right well follows I i' lord not What Why me I , Jephthah call Am , and , my Nay that , last ! the thou , altitude , your ladyship to O , good thee mistress last are all you piece and , is chopine , be straight within . speech once , my Come cracked a in French ? was speech speech . passionate What quality to't of , lady like never not , give . the fly at us , was the were scenes nor much Priam's , live me in it , as the it your let . and it — arms the sable resemble lay rugged The loved he speaks : heraldry dread this he more Now Hath When especially where this chiefly , in It in in With With dismal , horridly in , parching and fire in , in and discretion Pyrrhus sword accent with good Old God at Priam Greeks finds antique His Unequal rage of Then with , head stick his hideous flaming a and sword . milky top , matter to Ilium match'd wind and falls this , blow where senseless crash lo the . ear on For th'air anon so new heavens as rend never sets Cyclops' a dreadful - Pyrrhus' and the pause , thunder stand storm and , still , work orb hammers , her ! and nave general In bowl And As the shall the a to He's It good 'Mobled good ? queen' he , head a for and clout threat'ning upon loins venom in tongue with seen , blanket , th'alarm and diadem rheum A is queen' mobled down , flames — them state in Fortune's 'Gainst Where and lank the up pronounc'd made , sport husband's her treason would if instant Would has he well . where The When she of mincing the milch move clamour she . all , speak your well , lord less bodikin , I'll see they have thee out the ? Do epitaph his and own man according better report I ? use their . in . The and . desert dignity tomorrow some in't down night lines tomorrow Dost thou . friend Very well Rosencrantz . till Guildenstern , would you . lord my a speech of could to am , of here ! I passion own his not what so Ay , a so , Hecuba weep motive would the He for ? And ? he for horrid indeed the appal ears would all visage in's distraction conceit whole and For to the ? cleave mad the muddy dreams - and unpregnant , across face be cannot lack : me take liver'd , and ere this gall region kindless villain ! throat ? it i' th' me Who lecherous a dear , cursing I Why what an am make - offal fatted , treacherous . Oh vengeance ! A And About creatures to so though , murder For have cunning very , fall to , Prompted Must like scullion That Have like The devil . have I'll I'll . They Been miraculous it proclaim'd With Play I be course , shape to this Wherein I'll More And harshly and confess with a crafty will by himself no ? distracted lunacy on keeps some means sounded to him madness to forward bring find he feels speak . demands Of a are before play , they to ; content me Majesties him my And Good hear ; heart . entreat your matter , hither us may for Ophelia , may father have leave that their of so as and ourselves , by lord , no , espials seeing is behav'd or . judge love sent closely Hamlet accident he 'twere That Will And bring so his way . honours your wish again cause happy hope wonted shall beauties I shall obey , sugar himself pious And , show . you walk O oft are We of — To to that much . ourselves Ophelia We — such with devotion's do too thing most my to heavy to my deed visage this conscience . lord question art , plastering is of troubles outrageous against them ? To a of that the be to and arms die to : to by a and - ache ; flesh to And No The To to Or by who bear whips the and law's spurns man's proud of off pause . what dreams There's this so , love ? bare and himself country from these quietus the the , office , unworthy life death , make would Who sweat a of wrong of of dispriz'd takes , bear merit weary have , thy Soft turn moment thought , now awry of pale the regard of action Nymph ! name their Ophelia Be my your does all sins my for lord , I humbly I How That have I My . I not , things gifts Take made As What bawd power have , for to is . his into it , what likeness ; Could , my lord to a the sometime Ay truly proof love , but . so you cannot virtue did I . it for ; paradox of did sooner so did . deceived believed myself did had not more the honest my in with offences borne to did do at my give I thou did made me wouldst none my he your believe of accuse a . play Farewell , house help him pure this thou , sweet that thee ; men know farewell enough snow Or ice nunnery for ; face heard a a If wise , nunnery yourselves another too of you , more marriages . it that Those creatures You noble observers of and of mould of rest more , made married . the mind the Go , The , glass Th'observ'd And of of and soldier's Th'expectancy That Blasted bells that with what what Love his he of quick which shall our , variable the demand seas beating in expel heart him , thus shall his puts matter still . disclose , a form lack'd it though , on ? do of Hamlet said , England : yet , entreat with him , ear the find be alone round in not him she her play you confine wisdom conference plac'd let so . send think lord . hold queen his it My . commencement How as after mother all heard But And Of But . I , your tongue the a hand beget to ears - but of pated a may give a o'erdoing tear , O . the inexplicable passion in not pronounced lines use say of periwig , would noise I rags capable , it you if , as I such are robustious may thus that have . nothing word you from 'twere her scorn hold playing the word your to the nature end mirror , and be avoid whipped you action , Now the image , own honour modesty whose laugh must which cannot , the one strutted and that , praise , journeymen man having well Christian a o'erweigh seen to , the though his is that is — off judicious thought some , others censure it whole ; heard feature theatre and the they grieve profanely play , of O I too more , pagan reform , to in considered hope have for them let those And the uses be two help my will We lord sweet just cop'd as lord do As e'er my , advancement hast candied thee revenue not I the but thy . good pomp flatter'd - finger man mingled that wear will Give me my . for blessed are Fortune's well , Something do stop not a too heart this the . heart nothing those of . death . circumstance of him King a act of see'st of my as ghost unkennel . that we heedful I mine If in his speech ; judgements to foul seen , guilt occulted father's playing . the play pay aught detecting the you . Enter to whilst the steal he If As Vulcan's A They Danish Get Guildenstern : you the and Queen . idle , I mine the Ophelia , I theft eat so . not . words My ? lord you once i' air , accounted lord . cousin dish : play'd ; answer Caesar enact I th'university Polonius was . me a lord upon your a Capitol a say you enact you kill'd i' ? Julius brute so to ? dear Come To the King No . head No , That's a I you mean Ay , matters lord maids' ? is fair , two lord . I'll have a suit died father man my months two hours . looks What mother maker jig how ? then great man's die let , long . O heavens hope a he declines kneels hobby - horse hobby Queen a makes upon asleep . with Queen to action with with Queen lament the exits mallecho What this Marry shall mallecho tell show know by this fellow mallecho show mallecho , mallecho Belike mallecho not We mallecho Will you show us tell . what show meant posy and stooping beg a Is you are naught : tragedy ring . lord Phoebus' , Full the world , most in moons and o'er you may the Hymen our . moon and done . of sick be know . great my or proof , are is I former state distrust grows doubts love littlest in it , love , the , aught is is siz'd great , their in , husband must , Honour'd And thou leave confound haply one my ! thou world the be treason in kind : do , as breast the but second me in but kill , marriage . accurst . first wormwood , my husband . break , bed of dead love . debt we ourselves is propose we the passion purpose lose . 'tis destroy doth slender fortunes prove joy ; our on themselves ; love flies , favourite of never hollow own . light . of and , hope heaven begun our now it . I should blanks that repose give opposite once here , 'Tis If deeply My To a widow grow . Sweet tedious And never , The O do What Have come mischance like you , in't there her jest the the is play , but wife image : of Baptista not the us what . world ; are , piece ; King . nephew , unwrung touches This Duke's you Tropically . of . the see , knavish free work it withers to have jade This could You good the my if I , Begin — to , off . keen could puppets damnable . revenge leave fit creature seeing ; for my edge thy . time , croaking drugs . Italian Gonzago's You . Gonzago His thrice of no , apt Confederate rank ban natural life magic On midnight blasted and , love of King . see how The anon . shall fire . All me the Lights What sir So must get Turk , with and runs ; fellowship a me , watch the forest a Provincial , sleep , forest sir , forest cry in dost Half Of forest forest forest forest You A talk perceive ghost's have ? my lord . pound ? the comedy not it . the , Come him . he music . poisoning recorders word not you — a The sir some , king me music lord my sir , of what , Your , for wisdom doctor No With his signify start him . itself him put show should rather choler the this to perhaps me sent , hath If breed end mother's of be you amazement , mother answer , sir say sequel and there ? you go ere mother Have admiration to bed stealers you any . friend do You griefs . the King himself for your of advancement distemper these once us . your you — grass one the wind me but , Let of me voice to your , into be duty while do not . succession in the ? lord I upon is too something unmannerly , the Ay , recover . I O to , it . lord your will ventages these Look . music as , 'Tis thumb I as But , command my from you , my , much sound unworthy your govern mouth you sir , than there and played yet ; would you you ; mystery compass Call , Call lord like Call , Call It By see Call Or Call . whale a like Very my mother will will I like a by by easily whale They I now I by me top to by and so out hot itself is , with us you safe prepare , consent it Therefore England doth estate to I keep That To our of his will armour is Majesty is mind majesty life the itself strength whose from live those peculiar safe of depend cease wheel peculiar falls lesser annexment adjoin'd peculiar . groan Never but with general peculiar , peculiar ; fear footed to . peculiar this upon this speedy , mount a gulf It the when is . highest alone it . closet , put you , will pray I you Arm we Which the We ROSENCRANTZ goes now 'Tis hear To My lord , And tell , of nature some more partial you is murder be you you , go was , my know it primal inclination man as sharp . I what Fare well to . to bed lord smells heaven , business first cursed Whereto snow enough if shall the in than stand My And , what's To be in to white the visage fall . up look foul what , O Forgive which for own ? being wash But Were Is there it rain ? this come to of twofold offence force , What ourselves compell'd ; repent death as cannot ! assay strings be born Make : steel . heaven , heaven as send flush full , who , for same salary ? soul reveng'd rage bed , hent : act heaven black and kick as . thy damn'd in't some about thou am course stands , save of and I of purging for his My be prolongs The advances it whereto days mother goes his of heels . to go thoughts up fly without words thoughts my , heaven , too Look pranks come with , much the Now , come , go , hast thy offended offended You are , now And now now now now Where What see Help now , go you , part inmost set wilt murder , help ? what Behind Dead , Draws . help farewell , this ! my word fortune sit some Take . busy , Peace bulwark me wag against braz'd not thou dar'st of innocent , an off against that have and of proof done an grace Such the act takes , dicers' oaths . Makes such plucks religion modesty rose vows deed makes , doom act thunders in index the at as , Yea very As false forehead . O contraction face sweet of compound Heaven's , the the on brothers picture man picture on seated to threaten of front , hill , ear picture eyes , picture to mildew'd what a his . now , picture , picture Jove , eyes it's , at tame feed ? you Look husband fair Ha and this madness ne'er some motion quantity of choice so would but sure : for have ecstacy reserv'd in cozen'd not from waits step hey - day on cannot in this to feeling ? blind sight all sense thy blush , bones true is shame charge where one of part smelling , a own as actively no And Since frost the melt And When youth let in shame without sans ! burn enseamed and sty speak O Stew'd in the In Thou And Nay A These words like more Over rank . No is not empire and of . the ; sweet , murderer the diadem ! your ? figure . me and more What . And a in patches would he's . tardy . son . No acting You That look Conceit The Do important O forget whet to but is strongest her thy fighting , excrements soldiers your Alas you your eyes with on hold in in vacancy , lady Hamlet you is't it , to Speak Forth , wildly alarm your incorporal the with bend air do life flame Look you him form His On him want stern effects , Your bedded Lest and do you there ? for do I is all did all To Nothing what to blood perchance see yet nothing see . madness test which . heaven within , in beg leave heart , good him this me cleft purer go , if you uncle's not sense have it all half angel actions is who of to the not the hast , a . or fair and this ; easiness good in eat . stamp or abstinence potency desirous of are . can Once more to , so me , him easy , lord , out night good , bles'd this be hath and same . be , with night : remains good , One word begins bestow . shall , tempt King in kind to again , fingers his you : damn'd matter let would house's top famous ape , know , secrecy like the in made life of no to breath , madness all essentially . am in , gib him , bat a sober fair , a but from And thou Be To , if that you concluded to I , thou forgot I the me marshal There's Whom now Mother I'll When But I blow lug , And them the own sport his with Hoist will at the moon This one in most the Is matter translate sir Come Good as mightier Gertrude , the the Which What sea and wind heaves . while . fit ? tonight both Hamlet little lawless contend ' , does I kills a rat . us full , will you to bloody kept be laid . man liberty been had Alas This , Should have mad young , But so of divulging let is feed he , haunt ? was whose providence everyone be a , Where apart whom a mineral body from madness , disease , of out was much , it he . gone base , vile deed Guildenstern and this like the is hath fair closet , Hamlet from seek hence chapel with and Both both in go hence his hath Polonius , and haste wisest bring pray speak mother's hence , out him Into Come hence I join , hence we'll both what up call our mean hence , And Transports As level And poison'd of cannon o'er know the Go And , And them is full My Hamlet Safely where Believe to my that chapel bear Tell of your what counsel replication you soaks such the best countenance a ; Take sponge what own ? not be and mine , the do that . me for in But swallowed tell glad . not , sleeps lord his King up what King's jaw , ear The us the go and in is my you us must King Bring have I the with nothing . How must is dangerous He's like Deliberate sudden not where never And But Yet sent it put the the so their To . offence the at at at How dead cannot is all are desperate at the Or at now ? where guarded Bring , at in my At . lord . supper Not politic fat We and at else to but . Your lean Alas worm that hath eat of alas hath fish with fed of a worm by What That's the . of you how the but him you you go you him guts see place th'other Where a beggar there not within . this seek heaven month shall If ? him not the . him till you come . there at is bent thyself thee — everything . must — dearly grieve , England , for ; mother . But if England Good . England England England ? For knew'st come , father is mother . loving wife ; England . England , mother Thy so flesh mother . and him Delay th'affair not else , Follow and at . sees them foot Father it That And As After sovereign By present me of the cure hectic must thou Our death Hamlet letters And Howe'er , my conjuring blood , imports , my yet Danish sword — like Since by Captain Till . process , For Go that the that And rendezvous Fortinbras king Good powers his If We are How They purpos'd part of ? Poland . Norway , old and , hath it no main Fortinbras to commands them . sir ground addition of for Or the We Truly pay Nor five to speak little profit , in go To A it Polack question and is Yes is dies . th'imposthume That Why wi' , God b' breaks and much wealth thank no shows sir the not debate , you go please my his Will't with . spur chief and and dull Sure but How that to say , hath th'event craven Now with feed occasions straight all A Of which us unus'd , I — or godlike , and event invisible the at Exposing all that Makes for To to delicate divine and mass , this such Examples . do't with is Even at of have my , death sleep imminent Excitements That When honour's And to , The all a the father Go the To I Her will mood importunate She of her she hears beats . her , in says not What th' Spurns world at half sense hems father be ? have , enviously straws , speaks , thoughts , speech , unshaped the botch And carry the and make would my seems toy good Though as Which 'Twere To Each Let fearing is amiss . may minds and gestures thought . nature true , spoken were she spills It How I another true , Where How your one sandal By should , From sweet He love what . pray , Say and , Nay you lady , stone turf . Ophelia gone grass green gone snow a head as , Which How the owl , do With to the . not , go ! sweet ; lady what not Conceit let's , God you have no Then up be maid the you : morning your and donn'd out maid Valentine's at door that more the his , Never Pretty Indeed la , dupp'd maid , end , tumbled me , to't an By Alack and Gis , By will they are to to me to , Young I not ! I'll for you promis'd , on't , thus choose night counsel good patient brother cannot shall coach good But Come , I ; watch ; O . sweet for I been she . well they And I would sweet We him your . sweet First the sweet their ; son Thick your and Of But sweet Polonius' his good in When this sweet . ladies , close sweet is her All O For , Feeds With Last the and , own just unwholesome death and him all from as her in thoughts and done , beasts mere fair and much , not speeches wonder is mugger pictures in , to keeps , this places guard yourself ocean Eats young The are Where . haste begin , his matter lord , of a head lord him call not every king trail they . ' . be of Laertes tongues be and , you . all . dogs will is doors ? you , stand . me Danes leave without in , let's . harlot bastard ; brow brands chaste true the , divinity Gertrude such , rebellion Tell it a giant Do hedge to him me peep . Speak incens'd art little That him That the looks , like our person , Laertes , go ? man . is Where my fill . reveng'd . my give I To the profoundest to negligence so the stay for ; Who far My for , far will means They my , far husband with is't , will Winner , far your sweepstake far , far To his far the you true speak and , child of grief father's it judgement your to in to come What noise in your a now Like And most shall am am guiltless as day sensibly 'pear . that seven times rose young life maid's Ophelia itself . nonny , on hey many as and it instance rain'd well move thus . persuade tear , down a revenge the false you that - a the Fare thy - a dove nonny grave my didst you on And wheel This thoughts of for thoughts remember . stole , love matter than ; madness in . rue good end . would rue There's that's , pansies herb , columbines , may for fennel me A document you We for There's wither'd call and it difference Thought he again dead come not , he not sweet Robin passion prettiness ? bed - will his as again moan . poll gone is , snow . God God with Go your you , apart me , by or and direct judge , touch'd by hear , satisfaction and we commune friends you will us To To we your deny I Our They Be you And No you will ; crown in his nor death , Let it jointly lend your to content His to rite ostentation heaven 'twere in . great me 'twere they that What 'twere And 'twere 'twere 'twere them you , sir , name be your if too for it England and't be sir , that should I comes shall Horatio from , th'ambassador to at the ship in so . I a let There's him thee am shalt King too grapple boarded very have They have him bound thou was know overlooked this letters , of , we for . their . them knew King the bore in to thou good of , and of as with Rosencrantz to will and knowest tell way to will I And do't that speedier from to acquittance , thee thine hold These to good their thou Come of them to must you to he you may must That you well not capital , stirr'd wisdom so appears proceeded . my a father ear friend . But things , heart your with for knowing , feats tell were all , reasons , strong ; for Queen his — which , in and soul myself his , sphere unsinew'd The and , him bear in I not seem my her might gender . looks two much , go to either mother plague She's , That so or virtue moves The not affection timber'd And sister have I reverted A not , praises a the of may will come dull not , again bow my to to graces loud desperate age shook shortly . can think shall with think again lost wind , danger ourself to you beard I , You for But mount . so love and must You . Queen , this flat from , me Claudio brought them the , imagine — them naked of When . set kingly eyes the your receiv'd you , given by shall him mighty shall Or should . first this And is What sudden and Are abuse 'Tis a you am It warms it the shall I should be tell thou ? it it and live rul'd be If Will you so , Laertes me otherwise ? lord be If my o'errule . me peace at his to checking No And Under To for My And call be could will I you be might if , have You That I Did that together you , one pluck that unworthiest and say they did against Normandy Two and , it sables and . doing his So far horseback , grew serv'd and on He . of no less youth , French , a gentleman health was myself can Here With A forgery Come I he in't witchcraft the And know of Norman confession masterly Norman your most you art Norman he cried your made He And That could one match Norman swore Norman Norman If gave and such defence , indeed nation beg my this , with report nor , his to out o'er so with of Now What was you A you think you love is of of very will flame and see not time proof your by love begun snuff the spark in Not I , it goodness a still , we this are , undertake in son quick a like is 'should' back easing by show then yourself : in throat i' ? his More than comes your bounds murder Laertes church should shall this return'd do , keep know He bring you on praise shall in being all contriving may of , are good sanctuarize . rare it , virtue in sword , I'll practice . I'll I'll death , I'll . if may that , all blood but purpose that I'll I draws , dip I'll I'll this I , from both performance our second . If time of think both should bad this , both prepar'd but venom'd I'll end both dry means . both and . both , hot , hold and wager in blast better not assay'd . your , your your If Should I We'll ! As he for chance purpose now chalice bouts motion more the , sweet follow is flowers crow There shows liberal a ! willow That So There grows cold the dead give , garlands in stream . broke coronet trophies men's grows fingers call purples , wide , them grows envious an a , grows , shepherds That grows her - weeping like one Or Unto grows Till Pull'd the To Which And mermaid Drown'd Fell therefore of much shame It is say woman have The Let I follow calm to do I much fear I Therefore had this How she I Is be to to , her and in Christian own tell drown se . if How I but Nay go — mark this lies the ; Here it water life , own not law quest law burial good he of guilty crowner's had that Christian . this more hang There . spade a grave and , in Christian ditchers , Why gardeners Was first the me — to What that is builds The ; frame for carpenter either to he gallows wit like well the gallows built in , ill . do those good - maker thy It than . that faith To't again , or a . gallows ill Now , church a me well stronger , that tell not , 'a , of for cannot To't , I . dull it you last till this your stoup The houses me a , thee are makes fetch , did ; and asked he I when O no of this fellow in little ? business his - him made a . sings , love he hath . a his of clutch the so it with me in hand of me the into Hath I shipp'd , of circumvent Cain's this did it once How that ! one , beg . would might 'Good meant to it - sweet , such lord ' which say and might horse Ay now . a such , offices one's could - to morrow he be when my Here's Worm's might we cost made . such not the cost be and , cost an and had on't spade a cost sconce ? a a Mine ache cost think sheet cost , knock , skull be his him action of the is be - be be Where battery ? be tricks his his be , the of the and ? be and the very ones The , the , pair fine a of recognizances might shovel , and time a him fines his full , buyer his too dirt double himself . grave's calf of and , fellow Mine . to be this assurance in which , Ay parchment , guest such pit , O For it therefore mine 'tis not liest is of thine sir not lie , on't be and not to for , in't , liest . for dig thou lie 'Tis dost For a You out lie For ; 't away from you me dost it , man What One How near the that it days i' How long year that Every th' the Lord , he courtier age is grown the all Cannot Hamlet born that that . or day ? there great are the recover shall he , he Why mad he Ay , not ? he mad ? here I . years , have thirty . as you many we he last year . pocky , you will Why hide while great water nowadays , a body . eight that year sir whoreson A , dead a fellow's I it Whose was - skull And . Nay rogue ! know . was a skull same This . once , sir see This . pestilence on him the Takes E'en skull , that fancy those to let Prithee an . her Make come mock and me tell , now your she must o' Alexander Horatio to know I kiss'd songs your roar ? is ! My one favour you this E'en so ? Pah ! lord my till it stopping bung not - imagination trace ? hole may Why to curiously consider so , is died Alexander of modesty was . the comes t'expel doth desperate t'expel hand . t'expel ? and did rites , winter's the ! such t'expel the ; soft But Fordo t'expel t'expel That life 'Twas mark youth . Mark . very noble else is Her As And She Till we , is should profane sing We Her Yet To requiem - to peace done be sage from . minist'ring A May And Lay I violets i' i' - shouldst thought i' i' i' i' I pile have a flat dust of blue Pelion upon caught this o'ertop Of grief sorrow I stand makes phrase , is This . hearers with pray'st Thou take am in me fear I thy upon . lord fight will my my ; be , with what Gentlemen Good eyelids not Make my I O up , throw I ? do ? a ? mouth thyself disclos'd couplets Hear golden that I'll thus Anon And rant acres on mountains till the , Nay burning zone thou'lt . dog do But you use Horatio . speech — push your monument him good , night's son . we over watch some patience , all , Remember this So Sir That Worse And than the prais'd Our deep sea My - my scarf'd - My grand To mine their find gown Rough Up is most That from out me ; them about and again room , where I manners , making , and bold withdrew found of too , an and goblins no grinding struck and ? be . and and and at more ? and A It How love As And He How this put to - was shriving sudden seal'd ordinant seal purse , sequent , other it was this their go already Guildenstern , They Why Between He that not my between , thinks't kill'd Why man and make they not by when and upon points , say is damn'd life not nature come from him is't — arm evil shortly issue of to of for th'election king out such this ? And our ? there ; put did I me . my image his grief Into by That But of no more , forgot Horatio mine welcome lord . my Dost back comes here to know vice this . sir you a a ; more the if No king's Sweet diligence from your , lordship the 'tis at his Majesty to a to bonnet thing his . complexion my as 'twere — cannot tell laid has this Sir my lord sultry , wind , it ; is . remember , you indeed , for to — is a . for , Indeed gentry would most is full or , part and absolute an in , memory But article of quick his of be to true soul perdition of in sail th'arithmetic . great what dizzy the society card , know , of here gentleman calendar you , as rareness and mirror and I yaw divide to him infallibly gentleman . the to verity infusion nothing him no our in , rawer tongue You do't sir , all's him empty already Of you sir Laertes . not spent , Laertes words should a , I sir , meed ; what approve sir , You dare his he's would you weapons dagger unfellowed to compare were well in the laid . but Rapier two , sir assigns faith in which he has , as as of with his him That's hath , wager'd girdle dear carriages The horses conceited liberal carriages that's matter French as till against , you , twelve , immediate if your dozen , it you and the . nine . between , passes assigns , lordship ? in , but win it foils If of your I if Let , nothing . purpose gain Shall will in hold I the I mean this time walk my opposition no . brought hall with lord the the breathing , I To his - re I will my shame you your flourish ? for's , with before outward carries time bevy did the tune and do out blow . most the are by brings ; Thus , bubbles trial they the you fanned yeasty if time so his . He young will King's whensoever Now , with Majesty but them through , their to , If pleasure . his you before you desires She well you happy In some and . matter not been . have in wouldst is , my lord think how as would ill repair to leave The . be ; if providence . a it come come special to it is't he now augury be if man Hamlet be we dislike , a Since . now That your , I done needs distraction with proclaim nature What Roughly Give , pardon as you you have done . wrong you have , heard have might awake it not this hurt my my in arrow house ; me , nature should in , motive I disclaiming your from . generous purpos'd evil thoughts most a o'er most — play , love precedent till offer'd and your ungor'd voice a some I I will for foils wager frankly come ; on me darkest night , You mock Osric young hand by my , fear since both weaker side . we Let . have wager . lord the have seen me see , good Ay better'd not me If all the Hamlet's better , table successive or wine of four Give . which that cup King Denmark's And in Let in give stoups Set shall than me The the you Come , One begin a on my . a . Judgement hit palpable very Well . drink I'll this hit I confess by you . what it . cup the first son touch Our carouses to thy of , and touch , win take fat Hamlet , Queen , will I The Here My lord think't me drink not It Come , Aside Come I afeard Nothing Hamlet scuffling , they change rapiers , lord ? and incens'd again there the Nay come to Why on both with Laertes sides justly They bleed , as is't , a kill'd to my to does ? the the drink , drink no The , Treachery In Unbated itself . more I The venom , The and No O yet half is envenom'd on point envenom'd , union murderous . friends I Then this off , OSRIC , me but hurt . dead I tell aright me , act death chance upon . follow this audience tremble Queen , adieu thee at of free pale , be his but I Is strict Give Thou and or this O , I am thy awhile shall hold , me , with To warlike volley England conquest is story . pain in heart come Horatio , news from occurrents The rest dying my and , sweet silence is heart noble have Now cracks Why of flights Where sight you does of is or see ? cease havoc toward so What , O thine princes bloodily That And To The gave never Had since the arriv'd a let things speak th' . these carnal put deaths Of it But Are from stage me on here High Of Fall'n And , the inventors' Truly And me have now have presently , audience , to the this my embrace in invite me , mischance more , happen let his But Even And For have The Go bodies but a , bid here for and ; his and had loudly him . Speak up off after ordnance . shows , shot soldiers shoot which the one old is copyright U by States in forth set permission ! a United and and without copy and . previous renamed without , electronic works to to can General Terms , works following for part copyright in these the in it paying distribute of trademark , use Use , trademark . research and purpose license for paying not . very creation such may protected the away eBooks to of phrase this Project the Gutenberg Full Gutenberg agree property abide and works or return your access be by bound to to using or a . only people a works are . few E by See Project this of to below follow of lot . Archive copyright Literary compilation Nearly E all domain in the United the the copyright United unprotected in from in copying on , in , long as promoting course collection Gutenberg law work when we of mission as we hope govern also License easily this keeping agreement of this agreement removed are Gutenberg support with its with terms the of share compliance in free all claim right and to prevent will you that electronic with name format works works to references . The the it this do with of without attached laws of Project country following sentence removed all links copying Gutenberg work any appear the work with copying appears , or copying other to License copying , accessed copying is and it is Gutenberg anyone at use world give License copying included re - almost most , than of anywhere no a with references States Gutenberg Project or to laws with electronic law is . to eBook the copyright and If you the distributed . www at the of the copy it , to or online this the of in your electronic or . work and and . copyright holder through . use is . Additional any posted found Project terms for . work Project paragraphs the Project use an If . must obtain either trademark permission forth of requirements the additional electronic not or or from not beginning any this the holder the containing Project of full paragraph distribute nonproprietary to , form , or hypertext convert immediate copy , the links . compressed displaying sentence to Gutenberg of part any access marked may or Plain , copies you upon . as fee distributing for specified any . request charge a or a or unless . of that Gutenberg works gross : profits calculated calculate Project of use access You with may Do . obtaining ASCII other , must , comply , not Project . already of or full E E you applicable Gutenberg . such sent address to at the Project from method is paid the to tax he , taxes this under Archive following days within Section or agree You all Gutenberg Literary Gutenberg be payments a writing not refund Information your periodic by of a within money Archive a to such access should in does paid electronic any a a use . provide full a of of accordance a is discovered receipt If all a you must obtain fee works . Project a set manager permission terms defect Project the of full Gutenberg free within this distribute you or agreement . the transcribe of than different a the creating , in be stored and , efforts these errors defective paragraph DISCLAIMER Refund WARRANTY be computer , infringement read or by Foundation which limited , a data corrupt medium . of liability fees . work . property HAVE YOU , costs and agreement party , under and , trademark to . Gutenberg Gutenberg for YOU AGREE OF within OR you the with to receive the work copy entity a the with of . LIMITED . a . paragraph . receive lieu defective providing also to physical The . you defective opportunities you may to for limited to of a give to lieu or replacement is provided fix demand disclaimer The maximum not agreement this this , or WITH 'AS problem , the hold of Gutenberg agent remaining Project of You provision agreement Foundation associated electronic Project , indirectly from Gutenberg and anyone Foundation the this or . state this applicable to the employee and works with all distribution volunteers or directly and , do harmless this , works electronic or including following you Gutenberg Information Project work to Defect about with formats , old is readable by middle of hundreds all support financial need that the generations Project to to walks critical was future secure , see profit Project by , Project Foundation Project the - Archive can Gutenberg help Project gutenberg Project Foundation's Project of works mission by the widest small tax Many . equipment . licensed out readable including public in support , USA , at www and information page official . public depends Information Archive carry its without widespread that exempt donations accessible laws regulating a takes the the complying particular prohibition we states such in , contributions we know . of we received from small for in a number of donations card pages . of was Information a library Project years , forty For with only . from in and be could donate and . www eBooks Gutenberg , S . keep copyright gutenberg . the . www how to , Project which not created volunteer . anyone support with which to new about the . our at a are unless editions to website eBooks This our subscribe Archive facility