Stand yourself Stand Stand Stand ! the King Stand . hour 'Tis Stand . thee quiet stirring Stand guard good night . Marcellus them make . ho ground to I rivals you If think The of my Well bid watch haste is there farewell Holla , Barnardo ! this Friends What Welcome of him . Horatio I thing appear'd . have let has Marcellus . night . it us , appear to apparition and come 'twill assail again thee bell The t'illume then to King and Marcellus beating part pole of heaven Mark Question , be with it Horatio dead and speak Denmark buried charge ! It See speak stalks away not answer charge thee ! pale this not eyes avouch . an Norway very was So frown'd He Thus twice martial This same and me to our state that watch of war the tell cannon week land observant most and thought stalk hath and scope I of work of implements , labourer inform ? King Our to emulate ; valiant Hamlet pride , esteem'd him , competent the moiety ; Fortinbras which of , know combat side Fortinbras of in by on ; the forfeit , this this so For Was he His gaged As That Shark'd food a hath The watch So this Of I watch In That watch was A watch the watch most high ere is through watch other no that watch portentous figure watch Rome fell streets , star , blood . events fates stands on . where it . use , blast though , thou do to me thing . demonstrated comes , illusion , death thy in life earth walk ! speak speak speak it it , speak it at , Stay the speak with my stand ! speak speak here Do here , if it here here here majestical here , crew here malicious , violence so here , throat shrill , erring object present the Awake And our as the air invulnerable . warning , air herein . 'gainst on This his it Upon To say of they Wherein are fairy say , then planets stir , abroad , my mantle high and what up we Hamlet watch yon in do no spirit singeth is gracious heard I have Break spirit to consent you we o'er So Walks look , for we , the nights But Do in us upon believe it tonight , hill russet have will him him , impart us Where , Let's shall , him most this . Voltemand and in in hath sorrow discretion ; with fought brow him nature , gone . Fortinbras our herein dole , queen , joy with delight know late dream the of all . So with lands with for this the to father , surrender time have , writ meeting - of : we of purpose his impotent further gait and nephew's ; bed herein and : and , rid , Fortinbras here hears suppress the all here are levies that subject this of bearers business , You to , young , made dispatch in and Voltemand . Laertes asking to Laertes to heart mouth thy , France done ; to . Laertes , came Denmark duty leave ; my I wrung favour my lord your , thine at and seal'd give spend Hamlet , go . less and , But best my ; you cousin more hour graces kin Laertes I leave from will his Upon , the , I son thy my than i' too fair thy . little thy And Aside die . is common thy 'tis it If Why not Ay through all in the lids . sun the seems , mother not Denmark on friend father that lives eternity vailed to nature , Nay my inky it Seems Nor windy the dejected the . haviour forms all Nor alone , are within play , might man These But I can Nor they have trappings 'Tis ! suits forc'd good I , not 'Tis shows , eye the , passeth , lost and duties , lost In Of , some the survivor your his , 'Tis mind , father a unmanly impatient your common your persevere to a incorrect condolement But is your lost to course grief your , your In do To sorrow , a simple unfortified will . be vulgar fault who , our most stubbornness a we any Why it Is To for immediate to And with most so be the death against the we the As For what in peevish and , fault pray and nobility in toward back impart going retrograde that Take You must From a are In Our we the in And of is to you comfort lose ; mother I As less dearest school you not , cheer Than I chiefest with us best Denmark unforc'd ; accord and This in my all 'tis thunder shall . to prayers her thy in Sits But - Re the O Be Why , the canon Or this grace flesh into fix'd ! world ! this gross and so , nay two Possess grows on't Oh fie the , Everlasting resolve too rouse earthly that Thaw had O , flat itself too How , 'gainst to Fie Seem weary that stale uses it of to garden it ! nature my to it ; it ! 'tis rank an it unweeded two a grown within had it , thy , those shoes it , father's were name poor Why she even body is month him , reason mine of discourse like , unrighteous to ! month eyes tears , sheets come to galled father uncle my , post my good . tongue , hold . you myself — Horatio . Marcellus I But , I , came drink to not you to your , I . To shall it is make what do hear disposition , Thrift Did , see I had had , see see father , foe dearest I lord ? see see . see Horatio — seen see eye In was My he take was in king . like ; for him all yesternight him father these gentlemen . father for while I these on thrice march walk'd father . the your night their , me watch This fear him night each , thing as In Almost Where and the had they I the apparition hands deliver'd deliver'd Stand Form of deliver'd I are them more we deliver'd ? watch was not . deliver'd this away , deliver'd speak . once yet none address crew from vanish'd And motion none loud would it , like it lord I none morning none in shrunk the none . none me . true , none . haste did think my 'Tis honour'd very of in 'tis ; troubles ? head , from not you saw , yes top beaver his . pale red than in look'd Then lord my , What countenance , And It one eyes upon fix'd when longer no . I saw't life tell hundred . silver'd it , grizzled , I speak it as was It have A me hold . noble hap silence sight ; rise will were well not farewell : would in some Till doubt father's as Though But let is doubt a of that and fashion the perfume not violet a youth sweet so ? lasting more alone now you the more No the toy primy and doth his own must cautel nor his , himself The of now no withal wide Unto the sanctity weigh'd , and head . wisdom voice must his if whole state choice of his he is unvalu'd will soil mind and will for he not may himself for and particular place sustain may in your Denmark honour withal songs chaste his open , it importunity of my list ; your credent , the rear unmaster'd To Out Fear And she 'scapes unmask shot the If lose Then Too And in galls morn the oft The though best rebels Contagious wary to As I to watchman th'effect my shall as . Show Himself not treads comes . father near else none , good heaven libertine . blessing my of double a is blessing Occasion upon a second Aboard for these few thy his thoughts for , your you , act tried . vulgar ; entertainment steel Beware . voice thee in , that station gaudy in . but ; unfledg'd , but can not ; true , man be of nor select express'd For But And This Farewell Thou And Neither of Are borrowing canst follow to thine lord . remember . said memory key of . keep have yourself , What is't , he touching the Hamlet of oft and to you me bounteous you on must tell . yourself late clearly and free , yourself your the . very ; daughter my you my Of daughter ? Affection ! his affection do You daughter ! such ; think my his Do hath daughter Give daughter me to , daughter tenders daughter baby , them phrase tender with love fool I , you crack — hath In it And almost given may to the holy catch tongue the Ay My vows . a time I speech do the both , heaven of From in vows which . larger of as heat , vows : scanter not something your to a entreatments that young , rate Hamlet ; he he For maiden . at tether In higher Ophelia , brokers are , show investments from Lord your come lord Hamlet leisure for ways time forth . my obey , air shrewdly a it not the heard is struck of . walk rouse his upspring swaggering tonight mean , his then my takes Rhenish pledge - as And The Keeps he wassail held to lord is't ? native though a am is here it I marry my Ay than the , west and and trumpet thus . custom observance of and it of , guilty , phrase takes nations . men in of origin not particular nature them his complexion these forts ; us or health lord and from heaven , all my To grace airs spirit . I'll me call shape hell damn'd ! scandal noble it , Hamlet . ignorance ; but tell jaws this complete moon , fools of ponderous his we , quietly marble and ; burst bones to , Why thy Let in death , why thee ! again and corse may in inurn'd the again up glimpses , night thus the , steel mean , souls should ? we of reaches Wherefore ? What , did courteous with fee , what I my if it again be for Why base assume his other some your the of Think desperation , lord , it toys into every of the sea . me thee follow roar fathoms to . not , I'll waves , off rul'd You you artery a Go ghost Unhand ! away , Let's waxes He follow heaven ; on of make I'll say obey come him . imagination with not state Heaven let's him . no further go me ? me Speak I'll tormenting myself Must , Alas I My Pity To what but shall I me to is hour Speak art to revenge thou tell and the a day to father's ? night of nature days house young their particular like soul combined and each Like And Thy Make Would ears To foul dear List must father Revenge If of Murder God God me God God foul , God foul As And duller rots not thou God stung itself That The May Wouldst sweep to find thou apt thee Is serpent wears O his did so sleeping Now , the sting thy father's youth . crown uncle , gifts seeming falling hand her . a to whose my seduce will So Ay Upon mine So But To of made That I lewdness , Will let custom secure cursed hour hebenon of of of With Upon . my , of into doth through it of the body milk mine of , crust of did ; of it about vile tetter of smooth by a , crown , of , even All And was my With No , most wholesome sudden off Cut life I - blossoms disappointed horrible Unhous'led lazar Of luxury damned of horrible my account most royal leave nor ; in matin thee to once , me fire . not grow Remember Remember while . O ! adieu , heaven ? sinews of O shall I host , Adieu my , hell O , poor from away globe up table book and , by heaven ! brain shall memory there live fond , trivial , it in be Now . sworn't lord my . Within Within is , I . are . have , uncle , It 'Adieu I HORATIO . ho Illo ho , my lord lord lord , it noble my , lord reveal lord I ? secret man think once — Denmark come lord my tell To us more you And hold it so ghost an he's , we and man hath that Such are I'm These as , there lord my , heartily heartily offence Look you , I'll whirling and but sorry O'ermaster't are Give friends , And , but this let is now have will ? In my , lord my , I Nor sword . in , have sworn We already Swear . there the you , Come ha boy , sword my my . indeed . thou stage ? to hear fellow swear , thou , in the , that . again this by that , of Beneath heard my , upon we'll shift you Swear work remove more night O worthy A Here , Than How dreamt more And Well , day strange , we know' pronouncing such an disposition some or 'We could be or of encumber'd by list we doubtful head shall so give heaven your , never in and earth , Horatio would' , if — myself bear hereafter antic , times or this me : most your Swear mercy speak' , giving need this help Swear . you to note if not do . together So to you ; spite I cursed . in Hamlet me man Let your joint let's come of on to go lips O fingers shall That God And time I this Before visit shall , to inquiry good , I it you very , did . make my lord will ; lord My do said who first said company this Than , well And how , Enquire By That What , what means what at do they And in But , As 'And What so noted noted . far noted noted my lord , go noted , fencing that another but meaning he not you put drabbing noted gaming , Ay noted Faith my they flash Of in unreclaimed taints to open no The Wherefore should good , sir it is little thing As Marry I laying 'twere Having youth ' He you in him , soil'd sullies you a fetch on my you and addition , 'friend man , Very According phrase , By phrase mass phrase And then phrase 'closes : thus At He phrase At phrase 'friend or about What was phrase I At ' consequence . know or or of . forth a him with closes in and consequence' such tennis' , saw or Or then , wi' , fare have , out , what's been Farewell now , my name of God . unbrac'd knocking each his piteous knees his his was No as Pale if comes other for he , know . hard my of stay'd of down and piteous waving shaking he mine so , brow , go and up arm , profound me turn'd King , undertakings itself fordoes desperate am any will , go I And had my His repel lord you . fear'd proper to younger the ourselves cast beyond wreck seems To As be known it is . To Come , hide you to utter to long use Something to I did see you th'exterior transformation . the so What . sending Hamlet's More The Our Since father's dream so since That And to of so I young little Some To So Good much you than So neighbour'd your in here rest , lies , us occasion occasion you glean gather our occasion occasion occasion , him remedy there hath occasion two to open'd , That occasion I sure adheres more am much . time with Guildenstern gentle I , you . of is Rosencrantz and presence him , visit some Hamlet where , from And Both Hunts As I duty lord , hold my or the not it my , Assure as to trail my still my ? been , hold to think — very Hamlet's of I else I lunacy , soul my and , of do ; feast , your son's found . main marriage o'erhasty but all is and my source and it Welcome ! friends sift Well Voltemand , Say first of levies return fair Upon father's I doubt look'd your so was But Fortinbras , sent he Highness ; whereat age 'gainst him he truly arrests , Majesty more fine in soldiers Polack against in with the further , crowns Norway entreaty , quiet give to herein pass , enterprise and shown this for might as old Whereon you your As therein regards an levied , consider'd night Most business This and to is . ended , be duty expostulate is to Go And your and more at Meantime Why Were I And nothing day What should night brief but be it the , My is but Therefore Mad What will matter , swear true mad pity Mad And Who true have Thus a That That true But farewell true Madam for , effect duty Now the true , cause this figure , true remains no . of thus is surmise shall . most 'beautified' beautified — be fire awhile the that , this phrase phrase and a from Hamlet . are , best ill love , that dear lady his this I believe art not it to Adieu , liar a I O most . be . have me ? what But this , so had When , perceiv'd daughter told Majesty your - here what , tell the that you think dumb , to , her went , or might you table and , mute I from herself , I with play'd my look'd 'Lord you should a a a And wherein by raves fain . to make advice of fruits this very I'd for wail , otherwise this . be Do Hath there a positively time , prov'd me lead hid truth me me me At be me If assistant love arras to , thereon daughter me the then her for walks four hours not , But farm a state . him wretch you , a no look where the does my - God good O both reading . Hamlet ? honest . lord ? is . be kissing picked one man good he very ? my is He extremity do on Friend . conceive may by first truly that I'll speak to Words the matter is the faces . gum Between who , my , not which that and . their I , be hold that - plum most ! not are replies sanity could My Fare tedious fools . you well , You To seek to go God My most lord lads dear Guildenstern both ye dear do Ah dear dear dear . dear dear her my a my . my . my the hands my my , she , Prison a are that my good is . grown friends true , deserved Let at me question ? dungeons , wards a too me it and I ; shadow . outstretch'd my by , GUILDENSTERN upon . our monarchs and a and airy th' and court , reason . rest But . sent , dear is dear you craft . for dear sent have ; for your were sent dear Queen modesties which You dear ? visitation , nay dear my . looks the dear even Guildenstern I an To My lord ; so why to your I tell secrecy wherefore and indeed know you will no , appears a in and animals ? thing of form in What faculties . an like quintessence My did Why my coming to you , way and have entertainment Lenten the shall ; in sere peace the tribute lover ; his Majesty his — his foil them not end tickle blank verse shall . the — in the are We be humorous freely such to it ? was . her laugh city the th' part tragedians of in ? when I means sir there but they wonted ? Do grow did comes same they Do the inhibition hold their most keeps the and rapiers are children of maintains dare and call them is on now the the that Will common to ? Who longer no should grow if them argument for sin like , if their them unless bid , has no do to been carry throwing much there no , Ay to tarre poet on both . to , Do the there , my boys is uncle ; do is make very would fifty , a hundred for him ducats it . if philosophy , forty could . find players and to father . this in something out . Let which I tell you with , you The . must You . come comply me mother than like , and dear my my uncle with be Guildenstern In what from a . ear a say Mark old 'twas tell . it so Rome actor in indeed . time comes My tell hither When Roscius , morning Monday of the a come Buzz my either historical - heavy , nor , pastoral , on his ass . comedy scene too light , or , poem the for ! historical . only treasure and no on th' i' right he loved , Why Israel judge of What Am Jephthah not I Nay What Why lot then , it like know wot my show will you ? have was where For is Thy friend more , God , follows by came of , welcome masters . Com'st O altitude a to't speech We'll have uncurrent ! The and you piece We'll me last . What gold me quality , straight a my passionate Come . me like within God heaven What see thee since when me like you I me young anything me at , lord ? falconers Pray nearer . the chopine cracked of . a speak not , caviare whose heard a such digested savoury well . matter chiefly begin speaks Aeneas' more loved very much of tale in were matter but , affectation author , this 'Twas of by the , remember in matters there handsome than it to honest phrase no scenes , Priam's , Pyrrhus his as is rugged where and . called see the whose begins night sable with let this their a with daughters streets trick'd , horridly a , like Old So , grandsire , my And at he proceed thus 'Fore God , too arm drives Priam his , Greeks whiff this ear declining seem'd . as was Which Of So , like And But at Repugnant the father , base tyrant wind blow and on to nothing , dreadful orb storm , some rack and so ; in a a Priam his to Stoops as A to the barber's , Break bowl the than Fortune take , round low a ; or heaven . on flames good is . the for venom , steep'd caught loins head up that upon all stood A and , and barefoot Run blanket diadem o'erteemed fear did tongue in limbs , all made malicious husband's she not and has eyes . more . bestowed players you not he . well colour out , the the of burst colour instant no in move mortal have colour has , colour I'll see the they have colour where you will colour death well your I the merit more you well and . their man honour . We'll Can , Come , friends own to dignity in after . Use is friend my . a hear play . which not would of The play Ay You , could lord . you friends not you . look set down good welcome lord , my But Is Could Good . ye , his , forms That broken For Hecuba in voice his his conceit force Tears to weep he ? Had That mad have I he should Like Confound cleave , A damn'd Upon , and lungs ? me blows gives Who the in , it take should the nose me defeat , Tweaks , Ha , slave's offal - pigeon have Oh , I , lecherous liver'd bitter all ! This dear a by to off calls my , I am deep , should make the vengeance ass revenge , Fie brain creatures , About Why Play I'll tent Before him mine May something miraculous most murder For With he is the devil T'assume me me to this me than catch me why from Get me so you me But me me from Nor harshly he will him crafty him forward a would we But do does When with But Did Of true his state some well of but any him in our . pastime that to , free Most his demands - me to matter . see Majesties much so ; him doth a inclin'd me . true most your content . hither here , too us sent 'twere as father Will If't I part so wonted way honours of your I of Madam of , of you ourselves — of prov'd of . show of such are , oft that we devil pious And . O himself true doth too ! painted that most burden heavy my ! helps the thing beautied ugly more lash that beautied beautied speech , O Let's beautied , in against arms beautied opposing Or To beautied I beautied , 'tis beautied end is , in Must To And No heart - flesh perchance ache heir wish'd sleep have . that to death . dream of to shuffled . pause . us . give makes bear calamity dispriz'd of . of patient oppressor's The who . and dread sweat of Who might his a from puzzles those , under weary after whose ills not resolution and turn thy , you awry , yours , remember'd , great of enterprises With lose The How I have re . did compos'd , lost perfume noble prove mind honest you givers lord Are their . you Rich ! when breath fair lordship your . fair your ? discourse no will better , have gives translate can . from transform of the a to is it his Indeed into I . proof , lord of it . of such very or , my at I yet not borne . beck crawling am sinners loved you me I ways between to the he that Farewell him upon him you . us lord . home in's pure as men for dost a as nunnery go as give ice , nunnery know , wise fool paintings your make yourselves O well ; quickly what Or . go . Go face , marry thou If to chaste ; powers restore enough jig , hath . of them and say but , o'erthrown state form , tongue of eye here are . ladies all of rose noble they married made and it amble already You on't marriages ; O , and scholar's as what a mind is , the most of quite down ! see , what music out most vows harsh of tune his of form Blasted what Thus Will I which like not Was madness the which and matter What himself fashion his something variable objects yet How do still beating , of From shall settled seas well tell neglected . My us what as the with , the not him . fit fit grief now after , lord origin and commencement of fit you , please fit she or fit . unwatch'd not fit do Nor as , in speech , tongue as hear robustious may a rags very to , may of capable give say use lines . gently . but who to me the players to I as it saw for ; pronounced but , to soul . the Be noise , a hand crier and your beget so and to the observance action too tame to that from own is purpose not the to own whose and but , to at nature age make up mirror , this your the the overdone cannot in that allowance that . so Nature's , there highly and , not nor both , for ; end the the have speak to gait not laugh . pressure it of others praise , have of your of play be barren of a you play then laugh will no ambition . presently haste that of this , too Will ROSENCRANTZ will and , sweet e'en art ho We Horatio . but Why candied the revenue ? crook may should the thy absurd knee ? spirits flatter'd hear thou choice election suffers so thanks not and what passion's judgement herself And And could dear of men , Dost . fawning follow That In One There is told thou thee too in I me Give , slave she a Fortune's are with man ta'en Hast comes finger man of . comes of King , father's act of comes speech guilt foot comes . comes near - soul comes see'st the with when uncle itself damned my . Give our judgements join ; face must , Ophelia . others and , idle theft is pay will , his to seeming rivet . play be play Guildenstern fares flourish Rosencrantz How our you the to - faith King ? detecting coming i' of I now lord accounted good killed Brutus there calf capital a to of him Julius i' ? kill'd . me . Caesar , mother , ho shall Lady Ay No my , meant country my head lord my . lord maids' my my merry my my you my , You are Who my should my man . my I and , hours two twice 'tis , ago not may black , wear the two ! must build man's memory die churches is ; epitaph a he suffer a , shall life or the ! then , Queen - protestation bank takes him 'For in comes down unto Lays . dead and him O O But Then suit he and He . forgot Queen him Anon of a and declines , crown Queen , it asleep his with end in comes , lord means ; it awhile away unwilling mischief my of the What , Belike this We or , show : all fellow the tell shame you'll show you all our naught him us they , I'll the all , all , Here beg your to all are hearing posy . tragedy all ashamed it not that any are We prologue us brief As Is the love and times dozen wash Phoebus' ground thirties our , hands . borrow'd Hymen bands the sun sacred have , most Tellus' ere I nothing : must state , it and aught women's Discomfort my love , fear neither love , doubts love are . there made distrust is know , so . fear behind , kind , love functions husband confound belov'd For . one , fair leave their powers leave shalt live great the is my as operant must thou And love . love . bed . in husband second base A The second do think is violent but birth on memory oft now you break , the , kisses of kisses Are kisses do Of now But kisses , pay The Their violence kisses kisses what we Which doth To fall doth doth The Whether That This Grief world even For doth most doth joys is 'tis joy doth man poor lead love great For Our our ours are That who And Nor To An what Meet Ophelia , deeply . dull grow sworn , fain leave ever me well my , from in turn lock give be my me of lasting and Madam come The never Sleep rock brain tedious day and here twain play like mischance this sleep , keep ? in argument Is the she'll Mousetrap The murder shall see done but do they , no majesty interpret , 'tis could is are a good You your love chorus , if , groaning , my Lucianus This lord . see the raven doth bellow fit midnight of , rank ban Thy With , hands Confederate season Hecate's On black , apt th'garden written gets the in natural life for's The love of murderer and him and seeing collected property . infected , wife ? false fire . Italian His usurp i' very Give , light . Away with rises ? my o'er . lights the , on my rest , sir , of , players dear Damon . was , very very , the , talk the of word . a . recorders comedy not the . you me history word with sir him marvellous ? with rather to more ; into from discourse , me for Good my your to show him richer purgation to itself his mother The lord your tame to . do spirit . this are in am sir , pronounce affliction . of I return , my , diseased my . as , But you rather My my , mother sir not answer , such answer say — amazement mother , stonish heels that speak , she you in She , so : of with lord , your , you your if cause mother ere admiration ? any . Have surely do stealers . bar . your something is advancement by I And , what own , you but How Good that , recorders the O to lord well not , my grass grows the Denmark in — To would my , as . too that be understand , one see my duty if recover Ay sir I , pray my you I know me I , you Will . the and your it will stops most and finger the I . of . my , But look you ; is pipe me bless ? speak it make there ; now me you mystery the By see you like Methinks It is . a like a weasel a . a top the . so a me night a itself time . of breathes a my a , out friends . hot drink I witching and . bitter thy Nero daggers and words like let his somever you , somever you not somever us so Hazard somever and religious holy We somever near The And him somever our as may with prepare safe bound Majesty many your it fear peculiar life will many . more highest draw Never . Each mortis'd King . boist'rous with . when falls it consequence a , but ruin which ten ; pray fetters . goes ROSENCRANTZ adjoin'd spokes . you sigh the and Attends small . speedy fear GUILDENSTERN too will , audience than a said . him mother was mother's tax it home , to ; liege my . I ere you , as O as , It A Though as as Is inclination like pause in as stand I as In Buys the effects That Can serve forestalled be ? But , foul murder murder ! form I'll Then look of the did am this not the 'tis But , we the ? can then What , can repentance . the and . there of bosom black one What the that , Help it state soul what give the the O To the to when O , and it forehead teeth O Try what struggling Make be ! heart free assay of , steel : as bread salary this , And circumstance is When But he To 'Tis take in took his crimes father grossly purging more his , thought soul ? rage , some , hent kick at ? act horrid , No his I his passage of bed of or his soul whereto but prolongs and thoughts never heaven remain thy and . home Look . Grace your Much Pray pranks that come will and Within Mother . I I'll , silence with , Fear coming matter my , what's father offended answer with much much idle an with question have , Come go , No , now the your so were would Have are , Come You it , What Where go you Behind a A wilt not , murder ! help done thou . know O Nay what . a and and kill A To Leave If custom it In What I grace and against it , better Peace made your be proof your hands heart I you . tongue sense ? dar'st me of thy the takes an act blush fair Calls , an off . innocent marriage love such plucks , vows makes , doom the the at . this two , thunders , what The thought Ay loud this front , curls a grace was picture and and on of seated the and did . Look you a you . world the moor call blood the You in judgement Sense : the this batten on this fair brother set Have ; is would so sure humble ? shame no actively And When And melt flaming the To If not so speak like words Over in Nay will I A your that precedent is cutpurse Of the me enter Hamlet mine ; no . a A twentieth tithe No it in in stole pocket precious a in from put me your gracious son in tardy and not come important in guards in heavenly of in o'er ! and You Do , her to it is in How the your your eye wildly , alarm , in peep , distemper excrements gentle thy you ? stones pale of you action not preaching Do what ; do . flame and conjoin'd capable with and Sprinkle , how have convert nothing you but his even now look yet did , goes very of as ourselves it how out there the This Why My where , look you ! coinage bodiless Is pulse makes the gambol not rank your not matter healthful And Would And have I I That as as utter'd unseen past in Virtue For them It do Repent To And O Yea what's Infects not cleft cleft He the who to cleft do to leave for woo cleft cleft night live O throw the the away Assume cleft That But go not angel is of , custom , sense actions frock or fair in and livery , nature night it and and hath desirous beg are of you repent will I be must death The bad must him . cruel , That I , I do me I'll , more , and , good worse to remains lady ? I again that do What Let the , this let essentially a that's I Would For , in birds try Let the Unpeg concernings despite the let sober , madness this his reechy out a ? so ? wise , gib ? top house's and , your basket sense , famous creep , breath . the neck own of conclusions ? in the break ? Be life hast words , said to you me to as trust , no have know on , my ; schoolfellows . mines most work the O crafts two shall Indeed secret toward . an and neighbour packing . meet 'tis , set line one lug blow This man the good in , Mother now most in them sighs , foolish the , profound these These ? son fit your a on place What Bestow Ah , the is the arras sea , old apprehension something In while little us this my and How ? when kills . rat a , stir ! all to us of is you so been liberty heavy O with , to us restrain'd . mad have To His yourself full to . answer'd everyone love fit our providence be out and much , life of was so was feed he it most gone foul the like Even whom from his apart mineral . Gertrude , very madness metals mountains is ! shall sooner Shows The . sun will must go in , we'll , chapel seek Go . And him We Both . both Hamlet from . full is My As his Transports dismay . they the ? body dead GUILDENSTERN . Lord Hamlet ! here 'tis . Besides ? king a , countenance , best , officers soaks do the in he needs up keep can a , authorities them , squeezing that for the the my the own his you , lord gleaned his lord he his , end the service jaw , foolish . but The all to thing . A him fox this on the loose him find . my lord at all hath bestow'd he . pleasure ? befall'n , Now supper where eats e'en at , else but to man all politic but him to beggar . but alas , dost how you What that but may Alas fat is variable That's hath that fed that a a beggar may indeed as you , not . will To seek In within He Attendants some this deed tender prepare must send — grieve at everything — Therefore and . quickness is and For tend ready The Th'associates With that which fiery bark for wife Come speed hence England ; everything — thou , great power , man , mother my foot And homage Pays my yet conjuring sovereign Our The By must like present England if to the us As process , haps were I blood it rages done , set , not mayst thou at , 'tis begun . he know promis'd the aught duty him eye with a of conveyance the Craves Over the license Danish greet his his that If Tell express let . know , on . our We shall will these are ? of sir , sir I , Norway , of Poland the old Or them a no patch of , sir them addition . Fortinbras Poland . them , of them commands nephew them to against gain , speak for some main them go We hath in to be already yield to little would the name ground Pole farm . not . in sold or it . defend will never peace sir chief my all How to his spur And If he Sure but in us capability and before sleep I'll A and made that That To Bestial Sith thinking oblivion or . unus'd , too precisely will army with such gross will and and earth of will coward and this a delicate quarter'd will three And yet . will this , invisible , to not Is will To do't Examples by mouths fortune the father my death will a The Whose that Makes When But honour's at greatly for Rightly reason while of , try tomb numbers Whereon the Which the , To be , enough cannot not Go That I to their is slain ? is Her much world th' , and straws speaks i' She enviously carry Yet unshaped , collection to nods words , up fit father have distract she would . pitied needs will What of Her speech in heart , thoughts thought , in . sin's some is guilt is great come jealousy , soul seems of artless in fearing To my full Let good Though were yet . she minds may breeding , to of Denmark be . his sandal cockle his what pray ? mountain shroud At He a heels , turf , lord as Alas White we God , They do With all did sweet not flowers . Lord daughter table , pretty may be . baker's lady at what maid , out that the Tomorrow is in Then To All And Indeed , without Let up And Never maid dupp'd Pretty an , before Cock promis'd will ha' , to you me are do't she Quoth all be . well lay must thank be they by been bed sun But cannot shall , My . night I counsel for ; I , him i' thus patient night ; give her good ladies We hath th' , slain author the , O grief ; it , sweet good ladies her hugger , good his your in For With wants necessity matter buzzers , as and brother on stick , of to keeps secret much Last the Her And In which we in or from clouds , arraign beggar'd father's , death person places , in , this . haste a in , flats Laertes The rabble , Let Let ? guard ? this lord Let world as Let . and ratifiers tongues Laertes not word king lord , Let be call begin head impetuous Let list his of overpeering , custom props , be hands 'Laertes counter The Sirs . dogs . all Danish without stand pray . I Where is this I No you thank good good That drop good of to Laertes proclaims brow bastard good person , good good — to doth Do . divinity Gertrude looks , mother giant rebellion Tell hedge it would . me Laertes Gertrude . devil him Dead fill . father with by his I'll ! dead allegiance the what throughly My come That Let for my , to Laertes with for . so . well little the writ friend ? his in and your , foe arms my , it gentleman , eye your shall good I am day does level most As And It now Within sensibly of a grief your come her What mine O , sister beam sweet of death , in . salt Ophelia paid eye weight May ! hey a dove tear , his . a . down that , master's O thus persuade a . than ; love that's for matter . remember fitted . stole steward is him . I he you here's must you say give O daisy . some and you for Sundays is and favour , again come prettiness hell affliction and For And No He to She will thy , Go we cast he his was , gone never as white as poll . snow flaxen And God Make they If whom or , to in content us our shall , you And give jointly lend and , but soul we not to your if patience with , we , his formal — we we heaven . we we . Hamlet thee too . your ; it sir . give for a England . him shall sir fellows two , and't him am thou . ourselves . please Let that They of sail of is put the I death much I am dealt we to There's . have have overlooked warlike boarded for we They got us gave a on boarded appointment . I I . boarded so ship thieves , chase valour clear repair words boarded where boarded And Come boarded , will to that have . for am He thee good yet wouldst dumb . and matter knowest , thee tell much thou ; hold for the do't To whom give Rosencrantz them I Now , that seal , ear acquittance , life But not your my me Pursu'd against . friend . all , so appears . capital stirr'd in wisdom , reasons unsinew'd , I her not but The not in might gender bear affection , motive sphere his and soul which either , myself — go him stone my that that his all the his so sister into a praises on , And worth your are pastime . beard that my aim'd bow where And not I may all revenge . perfections we I Break we But . for love ourself more think age . stuff will ? my lord What we must dull . danger hear shook with to shortly and hope You teach Who ! from them ? Hamlet Majesty this ; Of were They shall you by them your to more mean such thing back occasions of my I ? leave thereunto , recount . rest no ' 'alone ? him the teeth , diest very , the And That It the Laertes thou sickness shall the I Will If so so ? How , the ? tell But by otherwise . him in my the ' , return'd will now him , device work I breathe he but fall , it lord I you might if call it will no uncharge shall it now he his And I talk'd Hamlet's since right accident organ rul'd not death his shall wind . the devise so , my from , such a , siege , that envy Your your for together the unworthiest ? becomes , French youth lord of that and horseback demi he and unto , horse tricks my , this against his , the seat topp'd his . gallant natur'd did ? what shapes he A same , of forgery Come As With well . brooch , The life . Lamord nation report indeed , your is all of him made exercise most be envenom a sight nation — my lord Laertes That Your sudden , this this you to without a of ? his of envy his , beg ? in this you love in ask not in the know you in love is did think I I in the that flame in still would it ; in goodness a at snuff or is goodness is too growing , is , is ; accidents is in would father's your cut is More back easing is throat have this return'd set you heads and your wager generous , Will And Most Frenchman foils and him in , sword it , choose practice of mountebank rare virtue point touch gall I'll I . our convenience if that withal , him , have but that end , dry , see hold project and bad our Soft , motion assay'd or proof wager motion on you motion , violent whereon motion I'll are cunnings and to motion nonce escape drink motion he Our motion sweet follow Drown'd ! O , and grosser coronet herself , wide up , their lay with . gone melodious drink forbid that Let's give this had I I Now much of a she to buried Therefore fear be follow to I that Is Christian burial salvation own she hath tell thee must this drown good goodman , water come delver — lies she the act the , herself wittingly argues . is not life is he if , Argal . and own shortens not But hear you ; himself is . law his water it guilty . their gentlemen burial is't Ay , But ? buried pity hang There makers spade drown more more ancient . had that he grave bore first he . If Could How ? thou not ? The another , What he thy It well in ; to . either that outlives the stronger that question is built does is well gallows the like - The gallows Who builds do well to than than , me thee . mason again shipwright a , or . tell are last of doomsday question this cannot . To't mend his not will , next thee , Go . behove at , sings , sense . easiness fellow so the hath But age claw'd , it a skull ! murder it to - o'er of a one be if in , might as and the my , would 'Good be could , might ass now ! lord - not dost it the breeding think . my . morrow to lord my my Here's these Did , my my , pit a is to , shrouding a my with bones and a spade meet , sheet spade my . guest a There's with clay he , his suffer clay , that such For . clay shovel this recognizances have recoveries , clay of of clay his pate purchases pair this clay lands vouch fellow more box tell cases be the be breadth no a Hum . This , length fine , indentures skins too that grave's — fellow lord parchment more , no more will Is , They this and speak a For You Ay which . guest are sheep to calves guest part guest O , out sir guest , for the dost man 't therefore thou liest guest . thou will guest then guest ; and lie , sir for 'Tis . from again ? One Who sir none is ; For a is Lord picked ? How the years the rest , toe these , but , neither buried . that . since that I day to't came o'ercame is th' i' year courtier grown been you Cannot was Hamlet Ay , long tell that he — why , that , born ? was not , How there ; as England and , sent . there Why ? recover he strangely strangely they mad the he great matter as mad and man . nine you , losing with e'en , Denmark in , a , hide Why or his will year hold rotten before in A laying more lie ere — he of hath decayer earth year that will the ? tanner he , he will some you last skull is with than so your water his trade know A Yorick's ? skull Whose years a sore lain in think Rhenish was flagon poor of not . was it on . is imagination on Let borne your songs I ! Horatio ? get to my , Not this you , to know your , gorge fellow see , a flashes of chamber , merriment , one come to now lady's must and Where grinning ? let . her paint not may imagination - bung . it stopping hole my , find trace ? Why Horatio ? till to not to and dust uses what buried make , loam Should the keep earth a dead to wall hole , that as . jot lead into it likelihood ; But that Caesar Might a ; faith soft , O rites aside ! the rites courtiers Who comes the betoken desperate rites mark that is . did with This rites doth . rites her rites . prayers be her o'ersways else ? was been obsequies we warranties great have And Her As profane be more be service - fair and her I . violets from her and requiem No of her , parted to dead , Farewell . churlish sister . maid head dead , have made , hearers wounded the - For though I Yet prithee take am thy him Hamlet something Away . this him no my eyelids will I O my , what theme thousand , forty ; up , Could ? woul't 'Swounds Make do't To weep I'll Be buried quick with on pate rant Make When will golden Ossa This her that a his Singeing I'll awhile patient silence as will you Hear couplets drooping it what , I The lov'd Let I What is ever the , and do . Hercules himself will last we be . son — speech . monument your night's Horatio in to have set matter some our the shall Good grave . heart there ! kind it let . lay ? bilboes , will out scarf'd from most my and ; me , find to their mine To Finger'd room in , to unseal Horatio , life possible struck the bated command reasons , be supervise ! With grand commission many health , no on knavery ! and England's sorts and bugs head to My No That ho the not the grinding of axe down statists it , it that forget baseness once I fair fair As As An love should them conjuration fair The fair did to fair fair my lord palm from the 'as'es know further the Not the his like her might flourish , amities great these or sudden time charge , contents and should shriving I of Guildenstern did of my to next safely the it , of was the form ; of plac'd of the . employment of defeat their . of stand . upon , king my kill'd out angle and and opposites is , damn'd be conscience come perfect ? my , for not our not him business ? see ? I cause court did put ; good ? passion ? comes me say mine , this him know . He say , beasts to ? and impart head . spirit for of from were 'tis Dost . good vice , of a the my No fertile chough his 'tis lordship diligence 'tis , the . northerly . your , is complexion Methinks lord , my , to signify for indeed . my sultry very is it my cold 'tis very cold sultry , 'twere you , faith gentleman society , great for most is ; though part card in this , me the . calendar gentleman know , would the verity to see , of , absolute and Sir I infusion yet more rawer make make him , in his nothing , of article But of th'arithmetic a would the of his make him , most ? who as to him make take lordship to make Is't purse What make His the Of ? already imports understand to possible gentleman Of him , me yet , you dare not , his meed his in his but confess are would I sir , King The he sir , very , two hath What and of take and very , hangers be more The you sides our I knew phrase . conceited carriages is this three you sir Barbary horses I must german it might swords to imponed bet their French , assigns the Danish him you twelve on between for vouchsafe , Majesty his it gentleman trial be win and hits . him if the please . the foils I odd nature will can . so e'en you deliver - re himself , duty sir effect to well Yours it dug , the did the his suck'd same his away there suck'd on with suck'd runs and suck'd bevy suck'd of I outward carries time suck'd to you the My to constant speaks the ready , mine the fitness to play that hold the pleasure him , King the now they my the desires win all's at the heart here foolery but is about shall think . practice ; I not Nay : but . kind a a not to come special gain of perhaps it . such fit providence if ; it in be to is come fall to is't it not yet , There's not has if be it be and leaves aught , Hamlet knows your Hamlet Hamlet it Was't I , Laertes does it of madness my His when If Hamlet he's not then , And Who Then That aloof voice and love precedent But ungor'd elder your will And do To revenge Whose . by Till To my am this But , my receive embrace be Stick Your And them Give skill I'll your foil like a , You the the , stoups good too . These see therefore both ; odds . speak cups ; fire ordnance hit exchange better the wine that upon or of their third to to breath to to to to is health again , hit a to thy set say ; hit Hamlet the . this , the thine pearl . the awhile what shall touch ? confess the . Hamlet rub brows the the me pardon thy . fortune , of scant and , napkin thy to thy . is pray thy take . thy Gertrude , thy , the ; I thy am afeard Come . Aside I for the not almost 'tis you Laertes ? pray so ? Nothing a make ? wanton of ? lord my it ? Laertes own . the . ho , come again kill'd woodcock They as , justly How , is't sides How does , I is there I The turn'd can Then , envenom'd The to on envenom'd instrument not Hamlet , can an foul here , King's work to the mother's Thy , thy Treason and to lie . thee here Dane himself . by me upon me Nor me Horatio mutes — as or tell me cause am my I me unsatisfied me me . me an To Horatio more Here's cup Horatio . good Horatio Things I Horatio Horatio believe liquor a Horatio antique what am ; unknown thus Horatio what , go th'art As what Absent this And what thou harsh warlike world thee what with what What On But with . I , tell Which Now noble a flights And woe is it or quarry That feast ears our And The To tell senseless is sight that from and we Rosencrantz his England life . to should So so is What bloodily upon and that yet to shall these the you acts about came , judgements casual . and , forc'd So unnatural mistook , view placed to world from question death thank bloody hear England their this , order wars arriv'd let a Polack the from Are High here upshot accidental And Of upshot these things by this the us Let And For upshot Which have I that Of upshot his let men's On from upshot minds four a upshot and errors to . rites and been the more speak on more . mischance , perform'd will cause , Let The For Hamlet , likely he Go , the up most Bear print renamed previous , bid Exeunt , Updated the one owns ! copy States the and General copyright United distributing GUTENBERG Terms in . works . will old — United by U in PROJECT copying eBook paying United not license trademark of Use United S United these , copyright United the is United — not very for anything by for is may creation Project use such purpose and any do an the including research promoting of of this free work Full Project terms or Redistributing license using way or mission all with any with this . Project the work other Gutenberg distribution of Section . accept and work By possession the entity by . B all copies . electronic this in you without even . C below Gutenberg paragraph on used agree to Gutenberg the this of destroy If Project to terms bound do terms any terms the to copyright E Archive all States , the Foundation Project terms access in the do , on prevent individual owns works Gutenberg collection the in . references you Project support Gutenberg you are to creating you an and to access free the compliance in If electronic works in that with same the in comply Gutenberg to terms associated electronic based in by others are outside in you with work freely of Project removed in mission for easily when govern in in work full it D . in check constant the E a you copyright do state downloading your , addition copying . The based Copyright Project laws , States terms performing or Gutenberg , to work Project work States Gutenberg Project appears or in United distributed accessed , Project with active links to License . displaying : appear in any any a Project any to following other whenever viewed at it give . you org . this eBook online the it or Gutenberg or : States , phrase the full most law this to or restrictions the not are anyone to charges work comply the or of . E copied is . S . copyright and permission distributed you Gutenberg distribution posted the through . and , Gutenberg through holder . your to of Project the individual paragraphs copyright . of terms linked imposed both forth as the Gutenberg or associated with the trademark . with the beginning the with will . License terms permission or any display other work sentence , not work or work E additional E . links or convert any the copy or forth this Project distribute Gutenberg full a containing the or detach , in electronic work . of terms paragraph E any access or or official a Plain the . E , in the Any access any Project alternate work a Gutenberg or a . nonproprietary form must a of Do . access performing . unless E You Gutenberg upon , you not copying distributing of Vanilla copy , of . Gutenberg : calculated trademark paragraph Royalty on applicable under Project . date your Foundation Archive to the of owner Literary Gutenberg to calculate your Gutenberg to writing , Section a agreed to within You License does You or to donations Archive about Archive any electronic with work discovered or of must not in money paid You are Gutenberg You from forth provide copies of F Project in electronic If you Project a fee of , Literary trademark forth Gutenberg copyright . law transcribe . expend the be on and employees below Section Archive the Project . the works not . on to Gutenberg works intellectual medium on . Gutenberg trademark . on the as , or your OF DAMAGES - Except the Project on , REMEDIES , NEGLIGENCE FOR disclaim on legal STRICT . the a Project or inaccurate or on that damaged or or copyright defective , by read computer cannot WARRANTY Refund Literary Replacement . of Project distributing agreement REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - it If , days paid for you can person medium you in , a refund of give copy a you RIGHT physical work If receive refund entity second . copy explanation defective providing the for the with of a the paragraph further also may you , may received you right provided you may in it disclaimer the of the law to state interpreted Some . F , states . Except applicable do this the limited limitation disclaimers not provisions Gutenberg the hold Foundation works of indemnify agreement . maximum this forth of allow or or state limitation by any You agree or Project , and harmless fees , deletions . and any Mission the about Gutenberg works which that agreement to agent any copies you in , of all of volunteers and widest computers . c Gutenberg donations and new life volunteers . of the distribution aged Project collection Project of It Gutenberg's with readable of people and freely Gutenberg and generations . permanent and Volunteers because obsolete including computers need they from available Archive was for goals Archive Section Service . U Archive Revenue Montclair Foundation's official Information Donations to survive cannot Archive and upon Project Foundation's links your the EIN tax under the status tax of federal Project full extent gutenberg found contact . and the , business tax deductible located at Foundation out its works by widest can small the of accessible licensed form with not not . these much requirements received . Compliance , determine . solicit do We paperwork requirements in written cannot met While where or we not against DONATIONS with The Foundation is status considerable effort States the www and the unsolicited do accepting outside we States . checks donate Professor Michael , including Project Donations : visit are laws the produced that works org electronic the of library Hart Information , addresses and us with for current we alone a in of number donate works of . gutenberg . web pages of network protected the . copyright . not only For forty and be Project , a eBooks a of concept U necessarily . of Gutenberg support from . created volunteer eBooks Project , unless Gutenberg editions how , to subscribe Foundation This how newsletter donations includes : www email our produce to hear Project our new eBooks Gutenberg Gutenberg Project to