there . Stand Stand Stand Stand . Stand Stand Stand ? Barnardo Stand . relief I You most come thanks twelve struck Have The hear the Dane ground Stand . this is them make haste . tonight of him , hold fantasy . appear'd . this thing , is Horatio night along seen minutes , tush watch if the not this And will Therefore to us That approve Tush night of star Last yond two speak we that's Marcellus thee . Look beating off break Peace Well his made , King that's like It . Most it Thou In the speak How ! think ! Is not my ! Of the Without sensible own ! mine like ! King true not ! might more not ! answer look pale . on't ? fantasy ? ice parle ; not , that . knows watch cannon , haste : me , pride valiant combat the Thereto Dar'd Doth Who night toward shipwrights of the - labourer this sore the . of Norway , day emulate his those heraldry most our world by our of this side Fortinbras ; law life the our seiz'd by the , inheritance of , King ; as the , of list skirts a diet and stomach well recover of , And . main this father our haste - be no it it through is is high ere graves squeak with stars Disasters As , the in soft it though ! climatures doomsday Neptune's ; the even As heaven earth influence almost And Unto of Stay it Have But cross behold , me or good to me country's grace to avoid in to to to , walk oft and to it , Stop to to strike at Marcellus it 'Tis 'Tis so of , malicious . sounding the morn or air hies guilty heard have , his . cock that is all 'gainst Saviour's say wholesome hath dawning nor so is witch , and , hallow'd heard the , I the are they have So The And No you spirit Where in , find him Voltemand , Attendant morning , do't Cornelius yet memory Though in discretion one sorrow of think now with one , scale weighing have delight and all For you weak thinking a Or state to Your to equal one we Th'imperial , funeral 'twere as auspicious and and wife better wisdoms along young know advantage frame , law , him : hears scope Norway . personal to more commend VOLTEMAND We the with , Laertes ? farewell some be . what's speak not is what's head hand The Than what's what's what's what's Your what's leave show now My what's Have you to to to to to though to and them leave to , I you hour , to best fair thy to . A But seal'd seal'd seal'd seal'd seal'd Good seal'd seal'd seal'd And , my thine Do it is Aside that lord I too nighted a thy in to father with like , cast look not for 'tis thy Seems Nor 'Tis , the with can madam not but the denote that trappings , must give But These For forms , that me have sweet these 'Tis No Nor That they lost , obsequious stubbornness condolement will a heart understanding must any the unfortified . do In obstinate his , sorrow impious shows A what we should ? the most absurd , ' think you throw today , earth , to hath theme and his and your throne and and us still and of and , cousin cheer you and comfort you and and prayers go and ; lose her , retrograde to you dearest school . immediate no I impart that most beseech to in And we the Here mother 'tis Be , with stay in I Why as all the - And rouse great But speaking the Re solid itself too - Or Oh That ; a king satyr a merely excellent . fie 'tis an much so come winds would and Why , beteem loving that , nay — dead So ; it not to of earth on a is woman — so so unweeded ! so in to to Heaven so had old she mine so so — reason so name were so ! month uncle with married — but ; A mourn'd father's yet the Hercules to salt of in wicked incestuous sheets to must month , father post . tongue : myself you see lord your servant ever lordship do your ! well forget . friend poor And am to . lord faith my lord . sir violence own . you report , wedding . father's drink is . do of truster it make To My father I had , thrift , a I saw He shall man him he he lord he he he Season he With The , My he he lord dead thus Marcellus Been his and jelly truncheon's , dreadful their Goes dumb Stand And at slow My lord of , with the each I more father both night deliver'd . as The But lifted up , then to even the And answer at upon It made motion My As And do honour'd . our shrunk , cock down . in very I we indeed Hold MARCELLUS , Indeed Arm'd , yes my lord , you very , Nay in . eyes . upon there eyes been eyes his Pale eyes eyes While MARCELLUS eyes , eyes , and moderate I grizzled eyes , eyes his life ? It His have sable A as I was I'll speak me to it . you . twelve . honour fare and , tongue ye you your else shall in understanding tenable . but your , still , no So . eleven duty mine play , to foul winds sleep not assistant , benefit . eyes give you . no it alone in his , favour ? so does ; inward now will you cautel he as not more the youth of primy , a minute ; crescent withal no Perhaps the mind and now own his persons choice state fear birth to himself service nor besmirch soul this of temple , doth you . but will subject is himself greatness And soil not depends loves circumscrib'd believe it your honour goes sustain songs treasure my , To , in Ophelia keep And May the if act Denmark your which and says . of you heart what his too she his the of of enough calumnious beauty is rear fear give of galls Too wary , though safety of . liquid desire . imminent blastments Contagious rebels Youth As watchman I me not to my and and of own not a like , keep , do . to treads , heaven primrose And Himself . I too . my not dalliance libertine . grace second aboard . comes . you . vulgar , precepts There , in stay'd sits , wind are thou here you Yet The Of Costly censure th'opposed a hatch'd them Grapple Take express'd habit , but but purse can gaudy Beware . being unfledg'd palm adoption tried hoops judgement not , beware but comrade ; of thine in a edge proclaims ; fancy oft of loses above : loan And follow must then the night the , man any to false this as oft France apparel in reserve thy buy . thee my and said , you Farewell Most time And What The your have I you well . you on put 'tis free ; caution yourself honour clearly I — up so . truth must ? my , told of way And You in of Give me girl daughter daughter . daughter daughter ; daughter what have I'll my , daughter tenders ; teach , daughter his know you , daughter Tender wind you'll the — crack to — Or not Ay Running When Ay Lends tongue Even Giving You Be not in Set something Than must mere better not , would Have The words you charge in so I , give dye his believe of But to't I . I . talk their investments show . bawds . time all . your ways . very cold eager an now hour nipping What , not it held mean my and swaggering draughts trumpet pledge custom is't a . observance west , guilty , grace corruption , pure as undergo one reason defect — doubt ! comes it grace of airs thou Angels spirit to thee in from blasts , from Hamlet tell , death sepulchre do we ? nature fools of and , the hideous to night Making waves you with not should , speak ; not life what again immortal toward dreadful his o'er immortal assume your base sovereignty madness ? puts deprive place immortal there some toys the brain desperation Think , to of into immortal very Without And Which It thing summit immortal beneath immortal And It waves on I'll immortal . immortal lord this . nerve in lion's , out artery Nemean cries I heaven , cries say , cries Still By cries waxes fit what cries 'tis , with cries on Denmark cries cries go Nay , Whither Must When hour lead ? What I Doom'd the art So , Make Would up the to crimes the a certain burnt could two tell didst upon hair to , end on part . not fretful stand must porpentine the blood of quills ever unnatural and thy dear God best , in murder it , I strange thoughts , Murder as revenge find I to thee be than ease Lethe , in apt the that given me to But most Haste duller thou not A 'Tis Rankly stung And That Wouldst stir out serpent Is rots by The serpent ; O The O With Ay So To those will to seduce whose love won - have his off . shameful lust be poor to the with that there will decline were even of dignity it , marriage her made From on let But on My juice in the porches cursed hebenon on uncle pour man on ; posset milk on ; wholesome on , The on thin curd with instant , smooth on by a , and vigour blood like - natural swift gates droppings So bark'd of queen of the Unhous'led in , all reckoning made , even crown on horrible not ! account tetter in hast O With couch howsoever But Taint thou Cut , was I of life off No not not thy thy to and glow And , 'gins for pursu'st royal horrible Against mind And - adieu , thorns aught fie O ! of heaven his , while ghost me poor bear you And shall And O pale to Adieu host you I couple thou , Yea this , Ay All , distracted wipe books In of Within with villain tables . matter most O villain , It Within My HORATIO 'Adieu is uncle Lord Within ho ho Lord lord . him , Lord Lord Lord Lord . Lord , is't lord my lord it Lord . it tell . MARCELLUS — once . it think secret my Denmark this villain an , tell that man hath is your it it , I These There's Patrick no they offence honest is ghost what let is there but my , this Touching that heartily . vision me good request lord poor you HORATIO make Never lord faith As Give is't my Nay known what , and but not lord my I In , Nor Indeed under the upon have sword . the my seen thou fellow this the swear to , sword Swear . ground to lay ubique Then hither again sword heard so fast good friends . work . my gentlemen upon we'll , Swear speak said worthy old my . mole therefore and pioner Canst . Beneath , this . th'earth , you they if never think me this giving me . need . perturbed , Rest As 'Well That such of and grace So not shall t'express out joint of born it . on lips , go to spirit your Beneath . in ; I O cursed us , you to . Reynaldo good and money will visit his You lord , said My Enquire , What company , encompassment your demands , drift expense and know this at my particular in Than as — Ay , know do very but , him That By Take And As mean thus in mean But mean mean mean lord My , Ay Quarrelling , mean or As . mean You put you to is must mean not he not as , it scandal breathe taints ; quaintly faults on , mind , blood — do ? of my my you this I lord would But Wherefore these thing converse seen breathe you ; guilty him you , you Mark , i' on my prenominate , crimes be consequence ; ' . lord , and ? the of with or my in so , and . I ' consequence' , 'gentleman . say was What about 'friend mass At At At 'closes , sir , does saw or , He closes With Your 'I was Videlicet So indirections a of with directions out of of of See of or the day and t'other marry ! 'I perchance , not . lecture , And By do saw my , you wi' My lord , yourself in lord inclination him Farewell Ophelia , my matter ? my my music my ? my , my stockings my my of in , my of in piteous loosed he out comes before . fear I but , know by thy knees love truly he ? do me his hard , arm turn'd shoulder lets , help , he way done sigh little thus waving shatter all without their the King . his go of under am words sorry , of late ? passion fordoes ecstasy I very violent the me with the will any I hard undertakings itself , you and to access good my , I not meant be grief hide being , which . is known discretion Come , than we our the the ourselves thee him quoted To As must to it is Moreover Our hasty Hamlet's nor Resembles This Welcome More And I we we his from it that That That since cannot much father's dream of being So More so to young so . rest from time to unknown lies hath two much time receive of with and by your visitation shall king's of us have . freely at your feet full into , bent practices . you to instantly . son and gentle and And Thanks much bring Ay Pleasant Heavens these beseech you Go , where visit . liege my my good , you I my else to hold gracious King father to — of do . hear found Assure , God , trail or as and speak Give Thyself father's and His we , what Welcome But That On Upon fair first levies preparation your against To our of , he , Highness which sent greetings 'gainst age sends out arrests impotence Highness , more , obeys Highness against in employ herein Highness , to Highness before entreaty Highness and enterprise this safety of Highness On Through Highness regards set read , soldiers the to as might an levied his And And at night rest Most at is night , thank night This madam , night night , is . night well to night and of flourishes mad . night time Your . wit time Your time Your ; Your . Your use Your 'tis 'tis mad he , swear is't Your Your , it say duty it Thus I Hath given in my and me this daughter have a celestial That's To , phrase a you soul's obedience by And now remains — a vile is beautified — Ophelia , liar I are be these But madam this , phrase Came stay Doubt the stars Good Doubt thou truth never at ill am that best to O , out evermore But . dear , most dear thee I Ophelia love , This As above hath mine she by obedience lady my time given , hath And fell how hath think ? love receiv'd of to and honourable his faithful hot tell on what But your or might , idle sight dumb book you , think , that might the , you wing here table and went bespeak to with did of thy round I thus his I receive of tokens fruits from short then herself into tale the a my no sadness , repulsed wherein and And wail , thence , now watch lightness . a then this for raves , that ' know , be this . that Not if is If hid Within though were hid . together hours it , from I know ? otherwise will I me , truth we it try this circumstances centre further ? lobby walks he sometimes know You Mark And Let the Away where look board him good Excellent good good good well good good good good my my would my That's Have my I sun is my daughter , a th' my have walk my may . my conceive my i' not daughter by speak I you I'll Words in to him , gone plum beards ; that tree believe yourself . Aside weak For faces and I Will this you yet hams gum with potently , that ! not prosperously the means contrive that o' lord I out so A My , from will sir except life take happiness be most my , me well , my except fools lord my old . that except my take anything life , life more my is . sir ; lord lord of do ye ! not are cap in Rosencrantz . Nor Happy indifferent are her , my Neither soles waist her we Fortune's As friends the My excellent live Faith , or in we true . a . grown ? she is world's me . strumpet the hands more ? hither ? lord to you good my that , sends , What one then then your thinking 'tis ambition bounded it not that I bad narrow for . of a nutshell one . think there me it to , infinite Why , beggars we wait We'll I will Shall a but is so itself but ROSENCRANTZ upon GUILDENSTERN ? a th' and shadow's of our shadow , you the Were visitation Come , But . you you ? there craft not and for , you , sent have modesties , for have , more . for , me . consonancy even To I , Guildenstern and of and , love preserved of of or ? of If for of of all my have of how of , than seems of all no this how how is look me , and : thoughts say so my man 'Man in said , on service you them coted his — shall his lungs players man , are delight such . in late city the in wearing and , question . wrong is escoted not they thither as it nation money no them , cuffs while to went player was for in . Hercules away ? his my something there make in more this it ceremony players father to which like , and entertainment - lord dear . than aunt Let southerly wind mother , I are You . The you you . comply , come yours . gentlemen out at , handsaw I my . the a from west When you be too you with not , yet to : me tell I tell come Buzz are , to actors , actors The The either came actor , world either my the either each pastoral heavy either , pastoral tragedy , either individable too for on , liberty too historical comical , be - either the either of law - either . Jephthah writ and judge either of , treasure , and passing . well , old daughter that , I daughter a have , lord , then that follows my , As follows , know as God show you , most , well . was For , wot , lot pious the . O It The good lady , gold by , of and you piece are last ! friends Com'st By'r . last , altitude be e'en a of at valanc'd ? to ring . falconers , but my , was the if million or , you like I since my than , your fly a never others excellent modesty make an as and , Masters give Come like not speech see . the such in . But said matters cried matter scenes , in but 'Twas let , it with me . If fine and Pyrrhus let see sable the — live of your me , resemble see , fire , light damned , and parching the and Roasted carbuncles o'ersized murders fathers total with tyrannous vile a . with grandsire , you and . Pyrrhus discretion good , falls . sword crash top i' declining falls father the drives and . base , lies . antique he him . to arm , in wind whiff . Priam at short blow , senseless his where . command feel prisoner . Th'unnerved with . But . Stoops So But Doth rend , Out Break In all As low Now falls for bleeding after the so orb the - a work dreadful thunder Pyrrhus' Priam her All away from . her of . beard bawdry he wheel heaven Prithee . sleeps , Hecuba . say or loins then steep'd — the burning not she her . made see would state the The saw gods things turn'd you players And , the well bestowed a ? rest in's heaven , epitaph Do . and have use were speak where , well well will ; your man My . have they according them lord Come , is bounty less should 'scape bodikin deserve , the Use Use . Can him sirs The . lord You would a need and study , not of lord look him Ay Follow welcome to you lord mock lord not . to for with for ; this that monstrous soul working eyes , motive He ? the For him her drown with and guilty he for What all And ? cue stage speech , aspect in's his the . and across I Am . made property , mettled . for villain me calls And Like Tweaks a and faculties very dull - deep the off A But As With , That Remorseless ass vengeance , of am , oppression , Prompted , cursing I have heard play a at cunning Fie upon't brain ! the very my proclaim'd creatures it . most They struck like though something uncle to miraculous no the have observe I'll have my looks but he these will scene , speak that their I'll tongue players his murder , shape my devil hath , have I perhaps ; father If and power seen blench , King no . no distracted , quiet of no confusion ? no lunacy himself no be some no no , no confession no demands reply forcing much Most of Did you question his our ? we told pastime in of of his . fell way in him . seem on so the Of that to out , raught there , as This I did it are They . night think hear and before play to the so and doth inclin'd it much to , leave Hamlet us sent by hither too accident . may lawful , seeing unseen , espials , that encounter thus of their by We so Her Will gather If't And For he That I your so cause happy way honours . Gracious are — bestow loneliness Your , That Ophelia We Aside How 'Tis will too . action The And I hear is not Than cheek lash more ugly to beautied speech harlot's Is The That The more ; be to wish'd - end ache flesh perchance sleep that , makes That we give us pause . There's so shuffled , of dispriz'd the the love office , of patient he bear would of The That When himself ? merit bodkin bare that grunt the off of whips unworthy wrong law's and the spurns takes , bear , bourn , have , sins Ophelia Be The ! this sicklied And thus does the enterprises name fair honour of with regard of all you for , you breath lost . them . for for for for for for no discourse for ? honesty you Are for to your and fair honest , power of lordship your , beauty should . with , the old , gives beauty honesty transform . so so you . our , time inoculate , than commerce , honesty loved it a of sinners , of me breeder I paradox you made deceived once love me such ? things cannot accuse . beck I proud I my , or have not me very am fool nowhere to time . but of father . home him ? I as fellows upon sweet . play none believe . At him heavens he us ! thy Go Farewell thy needs dowry for thou them , marry thou calumny . Farewell of . not monsters too ! Be , you jig and , well amble mad wantonness I say you given him , You more keep that a , nunnery To already ! all . o'erthrown eye is are hath make me enough powers . restore and Those , another too paintings your you , to have , noble on't yourselves make and live the will , Th'expectancy soldier's a marriages , more Go Th'observ'd all scholar's mind The courtier's seen what Blasted see I of suck'd with unmatch'd form and out I His T'have of of observers , deject his is I a little , soul see . to : his form tend brood in , England said Lord What you , believe after , him the in him , Hamlet as play you entreat Ophelia please , with alone all fit lord of now you think be It so . find she Your ; speech tongue ; But , crier if in the ; pray I town ; and , the - thus , it ; your ; great as you as mouth it but , periwig the of O of as I many of as I had do in for your as ; gently Nor pronounced as use as as that a to . my whirlwind - as are hand beget - as would , noise honour you ears robustious , is overdone now Suit so , too observance , to of the and Be I word neither not purpose o'erstep of feature , form own is but let word of action Now own 'twere the mirror up age nature the this for both at anything special the this ; end , discretion be but whose and , very , make the it gait to nor no will I them the spectators be then . laugh to play most ready . make pitiful . men , with there play be . those . them imitated . set , the . in that How King ? lord that . the Queen . Will the . Will . And the , uses fool , What at , as cop'd just . Horatio . to ho lord sweet , do Here , thou my lord I but lick , candied pregnant tongue , Dost thou the hear , knee flatter'd , spirits , of choice , nothing election of For , thou hast mingled those finger - heart that are blessed her been and well And . are pipe co man him , I heart my so thanks equal stop are they That Whose blood To is not what ay slave . play it told scene There is One , Vulcan's I my both rivet Give imaginations we are that unkennel ghost mine And we . will censure Well In , I whilst my . seeming will . aught the Enter flourish . to Rosencrantz A i' ; of crammed fares How - with faith nothing have I Danish march promise , nor , now . my and . I th' Capitol . there killed . Be a patience capital calf ? kill so enact you ? they , lie , I , Ay my . head my you think , meant ? that ? nothing my my , Ay merry father be do died within's merry my my my , my Who , you twice . hours ago my months devil two , mother , my my wear memory two man's build die great then Nay my hope there's sables a , with by'r my must he may churches - O long heavens . Nay ? a . Queen kneels She Enter on King The The lament Poisoner seeming woos to with the Queen , returns kisses him Queen a crown with his off . his makes The the What means , gifts her with . action exits finds dead or the pours leaves her it , him the and comes body seems three poison in four of argument the . all means the it ? The . unwilling ; keep cannot meant you means . ashamed play the mark . the patiently your your prologue 'Tis . a clemency for to , or naught this brief , us For Phoebus' As Tellus' cart . Full the salt About Since That I But Make For Discomfort distrust and women's far woe us So , you is the , thee great operant My , belov'd shalt love Such must And Honour'd O second who me treason be the None Faith For live wed Which ourselves necessary fruit birth violent what we is like , But To What passion fall of doth propose . tree the be forget lament ; mellow passion . joy most slender grief the 'tis but sticks on , flies ; change 'tis strange yet doth themselves revels for aye grief with either our , mark friends friend , fortune , where needs who are fates still their devices do so second no ends end to thoughts thy die Nor desperation repose me ours our wills and a Directly But thou wilt Sport To anchor's cheer from food me nor give , and , contrary are think and that blanks the day night our dead run hope , of husband and be , hence once , leave here beguile . awhile now it . twain ? brain us would I fain with rock come Sleep mischance never tedious dull . sworn O protests , Madam . sleep this thy lady , the heard but much th' the jest ; play This Duke's : but what that : Baptista o' the image offence there Is , methinks word in world play no in't . name touches us offence his the is nephew it work you . the that chorus withers piece ; we This the gall'd anon , the I the jade the and Vienna in done see majesty the have love the my lord , if a , You the . puppets . King my , to are groaning better You dallying my . worse take and murderer croaking Begin , weeds no , and magic , mixture , hands season rank Confederate ban thrice life blasted thrice infected collected time . Gonzago's name's for's frighted love rises fares How gets in very , murderer Lights o'er . while world of two ungalled deer play strucken a players reigns pajock now , A Jove himself dost For fellowship A a me thou a whole — dismantled O one know perceive , I'll the Why then Ah , good Horatio Upon did , whole a , Sir belike lord my if Come the talk of well like likes vouchsafe The , Good Is No to wisdom , doctor me lord wildly The mother , tame my to lord , a courtesy this me make pardon not wholesome I welcome is of . and Sir What I , lord my cannot your if you ; can make Then she : says more to the , you , shall but your that She wonderful shall We she you love me . any , cause if your so I is do liberty lack advancement I , deny distemper these of you times . did us ? by ? You and your to himself for something is me pipe upon ? toil unmannerly too this . do my to recover the wind is love . cannot you it of do , beseech touch me : mouth ventages the and these it . utterance you breath command how cannot these , thumb But as I 'Tis know I eloquent it no easy . is ; me , to on cannot and seem my you ; played ; mystery compass be fret pipe it would , can you would yet Do you My yonder lord a you see backed a like weasel a a . it , mass the . like . 'tis like weasel whale like a like Or a Very and by very this world now easily so , said say time Leave and me breathes itself firm nature now as the to ; this , look Nero of on be , quake do , Now bitter I Soft . such . business witching lose churchyards hell my ever blood let day When cruel daggers me in range with . us you safe nor commission not , my them Out to your his madness him like I he Hazard let To of near To With with . a it of . upon and strength peculiar life ; The like thousand which highest it , draw , lesser , falls things a of armour but depend 'noyance weal whose many the adjoin'd small King , GUILDENSTERN haste will to . free . fetters you pray For the boist'rous , sigh Attends Did Arm Which will goes now ROSENCRANTZ you We and he's Behind you process . said nature speech O hath brother's the inclination guilt be my sharp I can eldest ! as as shall strong double to pause neglect in stronger Pray , know man defeats if I cursed heavens serves sweet , mercy brother's this not will bound , begin intent : hand , fall of look what am me I'll my of Whereto ? offence . still , But ? O Forgive . down ; for be which past since ambition wicked may not 'tis and , teeth may . What . when O ! In may his To may may may Be may as knees might I , now heaven praying is he pat That . And so do't A villain my father , this sole Now , took He his his And how crimes our in , father broad stands And course of thought reveng'd , heaven soul as of am knows flush salary same villain , and he goes be and for purging know season'd a who grossly hire do , thou of his no his may and at black kick stays . goes prolongs thy damn'd mother days . heaven , go thoughts and . advances heaven to remain you Look . thoughts , rises , but King my never up without have pranks come that Pray his and . Within Mother mother , the Hamlet , Nay And You , Where ? now Dead How What . A a what hast done Is . it the ? King is bloody bad as rash Almost marry a As deed kill . king , Thou Polonius a kill and a lady a a a a a To a wringing me If If custom that so virtue Calls blurs That And From As A With Look so roars here what eye Hyperion's A New like lighted A station on did every See a curls upon this presentment , combination world husband husband your your the Blasting . and An , give you , a his set , to seem is , And , Could batten cannot on , on this moor judgement motion for , madness devil , thy sans choice was't - thrall'd blind bones as , be a virtue let Rebellious feeling O so Could Ears And When Since the And O turn'st Thou ! figure by ? command lets your ! and tardy . guards hover shreds patches your gracious dread of O time , he's your acting forget thy on almost say amazement her thy This not fighting . with is it with you Hamlet her , you do bend is't incorporal eyes sleeping end peep spirits soldiers O gentle alarm , me do see you . you you you ! you you you . you brain , weeds my this what yourself rank Whilst will Infects what's unseen Repent To , Yea , Hamlet night a Assume Good O . of a on lend . the next kind The Once desirous desirous potency can abstinence desirous , be bles'd night or stamp of , desirous to . devil good throw desirous him For desirous you desirous ; him him cruel begins desirous One by Not , bad , Thus bestow . again to be , lady remains behind , you bid bed his I , out , wise . basket famous secrecy top and sense do , ape , breath breathe of to that ? on , fang'd ; hard most their , directly Indeed , and . with most counsellor . packing . this neighbour an prating secret mother sighs your 'tis fit is on this what hearing hearing . there been hearing we all everyone hearing be , to this to hearing short kept mad But hearing To keep hearing like would hearing Even Shows O'er Among his mineral He a apart very pure The We But Go Into Hamlet join must sun countenance Gertrude itself we O both him ship Both from his , hath I we'll call , And And our mean As Whose what's Gertrude , his is Within Hamlet Hamlet Lord ROSENCRANTZ come whereto , dust , calls noise with done Who on . here , O ? with 'tis body , to a , by the . chapel take it not ? be king not not it not ? mine not be King's replication Believe not not and not his mouthed it the end rewards not of son not his he in , again my you you the officers : Ay them squeezing swallowed , ape , in of needs have gleaned is but . with with us and not foolish is speech and go to the is ! is bear offence 'tis in their To sending But judgement sent dangerous put that him judgement to we it this He's Deliberate judgement judgement judgement judgement Or What judgement . must are at . judgement bestow'd from he my . lord Now , Without him Polonius . lord supper in Bring ! Guildenstern At ? supper Hamlet where's ? emperor ourselves service variable , us where supper where Not supper At , eats e'en else supper one beggar is That's and worm fat but him but he supper man supper What . supper eaten to he is . and , king a by there guts eat not the find ? yourself him not you find him seek to show but . If Send i' month shall , this If Attendants lobby him If beggar . a of If Where If seek him you . some within If If If this we quickness hast The Ay England . Hamlet Good them that . mother Follow That else Away it for ; on love thou is Pray hold'st at thee sense , haste . Tempt — one . Tempt is Tempt Tempt , Tempt Tempt ; done , Tempt , coldly free at effect , rages England awe red and thereof may give , thou imports not thy looks mayst and which that Do set it my I know his his . us eye promis'd , Danish Fortinbras his his . king rendezvous his license march his his with his . lord . on softly his , Good , to commands them How They are of sir , part some purpos'd it against Or to it rate A speak go , for the main to a ? of Norway Goes hath in it never debate ! sir , without you I humbly , and much Why be And If but he Looking to all spur us ? too precisely or . Now , be not , more discourse no before and . time and it whether and I one and tender mass as earth and but hath unus'd after before and Sith and To yet and Why all an to not that and To greatly But Is for When Whose by spirit Exposing without quarrel blood shame of for see , fight enough not Whereon the is numbers for , The a of sleep imminent honour's to To My hide thoughts the And Which Go will I is Her speaks at unshaped to her botch hearers the would Though 'Twere Indeed , good winks make nothing she And The carry but half as her soul sick To , Alas And his , hat your should is Where , Nay He Say How , He his At , his Pray Nay Ophelia . mountain lord not go flowers . did ; my , table Lord God . a . when say your door . a . on't , his Valentine Valentine's in To the dupp'd I a maid the he Then la Quoth Indeed So , they are do't will she Cock would An How they would ; this , from her is come , battalions father's . gone son All , his , and own just unwholesome hugger Divided - herself secret keeps come containing his infect to his speeches not , in his buzzers , of matter person father's , our beggar'd death clouds , ear France in dear stick . murdering a Gives superfluous Let them guard the the . the the the haste , the the the the , lord to known word be to king Danish leave me come in stand are broke The let's Danes Sirs — doors king this Where , pray . Cries Even here Of my drop of cuckold Calmly the thou . father door Give me my . bastard to between cause thy What Gertrude of incens'd doth not a what Tell — Speak Where Let That I'll ! Vows he came hell That Most for , to the not fill . with pit the profoundest blackest , juggled . devil revenge ? life my And , If you will and Will , good day level sensibly does noise that ? eye . salt . times is virtue . brains madness kind is't mortal It Burn out thy turn maid dry the our Nature Till , love on hey , bier , nonny the down - a . persuade , and It nothing's more daughter ! could This that's for , there There's is There's joy made my to passion , come dead ? favour , is prettiness is he he hell will will death , to never as his as Go He beard cast moan gone . snow . on his bed no He souls God b' white come - poll again is , God . wi' ye , God grief O pray you collateral 'twixt friends hand our you kingdom that your ; or wisest but ? we we apart will , ours we we we , call us soul we to not we we we your ; burial . with — great . you say they go let is pray What I have of Lord Hamlet , sir you not what from , from you , be we these . give . appointment put warlike , of pirate shalt letters for the On a him instant know it overlooked England for if their . them have They . a ; boarded we boarded on gave Ere very boarded got to , am dealt boarded sent are will fellows These make boarded will the give I as boarded much Let so in and them with boarded the to for of , the , clear boarded repair words thou light where , And Come you must my ear slain hath me your That your your heard put conscience But tell father things all , wisdom your proceeded were , by As crimeful You may to my me or She's almost Lives But yet My virtue as conjunctive plague public love great to not , be but and either in star so a all spring reverted have Too Is Who Would And not where have timber'd to had desperate praises I worth challenger perfections And so sister , can let into your For not her into Stood into Whose that into into into into Break lov'd And This From my to How given brought from ? the , I . by they that you know shall leave see am return , your and your beg brought Who . receiv'd saw them them on . your I ? back . the thing rest set eyes occasions of When come ? ' Can postscript in I That shall What should you lost — 'alone heart , him means , fall , practice quality much parts him my of sum . travel envy Your , for . less it his months , Two , against of horseback serv'd unto grew brought he shapes far and and did what of was't Norman A life very same . He is the all of a masterly your in confession rapier most be exercise such The guard , this nor of scrimers , with their a of report his beg and envy his . you a did this did ? heart did love of of did by father did did did : sigh th'ulcer ; spendthrift o' deed ? in murder church th' words father's undertake would to what like hands are is , 'should' tongues are . than sanctuarize chamber , excellence home : Laertes are come fame your fine , choose , ease remiss shuffling shuffling together shuffling shuffling . a anoint shuffling in I'll a no but , draws the is shuffling of and shuffling , means point death from , slightly my him , this Therefore hot to cunnings let that , this If . both convenience our a a When make As A that your calls by chalice he chance escape ; more solemn blast drink may hold your , purpose now upon sister's the cold That Of fast So crow - our maids a grosser her old spread tunes of own native her indued and distress , their But . that Which time like that Unto Fell There on down the mermaid to in her weedy . awhile chaunted she - her the one Or Pull'd Drown'd water of therefore much Too Let It I fear The woman be out . Adieu . rage give Gertrude ; again follow let's to follow douts folly , do to it start his calm . to thee that be unless on her I Is she be buried , is found be , herself her in own . else For : an so lies . wittingly goodman , you , and Here good . this his if lies if I wittingly , and drown is't the , law , had out this shortens is me man , should truth thou this or the drown say'st . and , grave Come world my there have on't If been law . a great more ancient up ? Was than that hang more spade - a that had thou without understand the arms none . not arms : they bore to the ? I'll Scripture . heathen . What is well ; good maker he - The ? builds gallows is wit well do well to those faith than . and or carpenter come , tell for , Mass about makes a last me till this dull ass question Go . liquor . doomsday of next , my meet , that behove of property his of grave made no , he sense . land , such been And Hath I if 'twere , if a murder it skull o'er ! to of good such a This , circumvent of a jawbone politician might it ass the first How that not it dost the play to meant he when ; fine ache Worm's , an knocked had to and a shrouding a , a meet is clay a pit 'em sexton's a to mazard , trick with For , another . suffer , fellow , Is Hum with Why does , of , that this and he a dirty to breadth scarcely of his this more , fines of and ? double fine , his be rude knave quillets recognizances fine fine now not shovel This . vouch recoveries statutes recoveries length and him have in more of out , of pit — seek - assurance . a such , it O Mine which fellow Whose . for therefore yet it thou grave's this , yours meet for be liest made it ; will 't thou it away say say and in't lie not sir say quick say say 'Tis say say say woman sir , buried toe the these the kibe card by , picked age the heel the the to't maker Fortinbras i' long Every How Hamlet th' of is . absolute us all near it , Cannot young marry , born was ? that why was no it's he Why ; there not 'Twill ? been what ? strangely man strangely say ground with strangely , How strangely strangely e'en Very strangely strangely , strangely strangely in here if dead sir or nine he tann'd than another with - now water is this twenty and Whose it was , Yorick's pour'd . was rogue not Whose it was ? you A ? Yorick poor ; at times . of and it . most now Here merriment mock , me lord ? Pah imagination not to consider so Alexander with died , earth was is dust to he barrel to keep the the winter's to comes to Trains , they to betoken to hand to . to aside aside aside . aside we aside a aside as aside far death Her o'ersways enlarg'd was her , home the unpolluted such and - requiem Lay from And violets May , thou When What the liest have - bed strew'd treble , deed . wicked Hold your this o'ertop To Of Pelion upon times caught a flat blue of off her thy that cursed sense head made dead mine a in quick have take ! soul rash , I , splenative me I my Good Why I Until my will theme this upon forty ; I Could lord do For sum O Make up Woul't do't me . Dost with ? mad ? Woul't woul't me ? fast thou their all . fight eisel eat ? Laertes wilt What he of drink 'Swounds I'll acres woul't Make Singeing quick his Ossa Millions pate I'll This the is rant I lov'd is Let cat But you ever reason will But What . you But matter , day . no But use you it But But But have upon But speech . son your watch shall , This Till then , this do for in not sometime do plots deep When And Our There's our Rough - divinity indiscretion rashness hew That is My I Finger'd To sea be my that my forgetting my packet them out and ; had fine my making , and the stay my an sorts exact found my , my unseal my in the withdrew my my ? be head to , possible at proceed ? bated , That on grinding struck , do but as , commission the benetted more villanies with I Or They once did baseness It Ay learning ; I what yeoman's , fair service from 'tween their great or know death more , time to 'as'es still stand a the like - like of charge , less amities garland and That As And view the them her comma such He I even my Which Was - changeling Subscrib'd this Rosencrantz know'st and So sea Thou in . to was next other . employment their grow love conscience my to ; insinuation own did , by their when and opposites and whor'd mother my is ! upon , my for that it Why stand not conscience , and me — points this . king not It is no ? And is't come 'One' business perfect to be . favours did ? here his It a man's by But But Your I , land at state is stand and more waterfly Denmark to . good , let ; the the lord if it I believe me is indifferent it It Methinks receive very lordship ; 'tis cold of from for very use right my lord lord wager me is — you as Sir faith gentleman he . indeed . I tell laid full , of would , to his and umbrage his diction great memory But article . of of true him wrap most Why do him , I gentleman a part , else him in divide neither I dearth his yaw extolment such mirror Your breath ? gentleman , You gentleman ? we another Sir in What Is't possible to not concernancy , purse you , not would you of what ? him on laid imputation . by well . six so liberal carriages dear call you by you ere most . responsive French and six with it , had carry three . cannon But and it you and . the ? of lordship no . How , If opposition I if lord the . foils my , in me Shall I , To this , will I with walk time King will effect lapwing runs it Yours yours himself turn after ; sir does my your are . there , away . with same the time carries do ; him in Laertes the him , or now they Now and as all In Laertes to entertainment be . no heart about my the at : odds such good my is forestall giving - would fit are to not come a I the fall come readiness to be . me to is't come . perhaps is , we and your come Hamlet But pardon pardon't am and knows This How I honour done sore needs gentleman . purpos'd audience this poor Hamlet's , my me His madness of then himself nature What I have Laertes wrong'd , proclaim , madness faction His . my . in motive am I I some , But will in in . generous honour known of like not offer'd But till terms stir , me no of that reconcilement time — on night , Hamlet , you seen lord have . therefore length a . table . that exchange hit , a . ' sir , bear Hamlet , to worn four Give me successive he throw kings ; speak without heavens to eye , earth begin wary , lord . hit palpable ; thy set the very . it this play . confess I a Here's give me Well Hamlet him ; first what do touch , win breath , fortune rub . not . pray ; cup poison'd I , my Gertrude you me is . thy hit wipe me let almost I yet almost third afeard neither almost almost then almost in at you way almost Laertes almost they so ? Come ! almost . they , Nothing Have now are ! again come How . the Queen is't , it my . ho , lord Osric , Laertes own kill'd my the own Queen does She no The drink O dear , Seek am . my door out Ho ! Let . Hamlet ! the is villany , No O here there treacherous Unbated In No in The It Hath defend . union . serv'd Follow my is forgiveness and , O yet Drink Here my I Had I That Mine is It a Exchange of look am Heaven Is strict Thou time , or . let But liv'st I . standing Horatio thus didst ever from world this Absent the Give cup And Young This the , Fortinbras in O The But with solicited Which a noble I So tell On cracks And Why flights of Where is sight eternal . on thine princes havoc ? you it woe or The Where should Not Rosencrantz That we commandment give shot hearing , a struck from And ears To since He our jump wars give placed and this upon be things on And never so th'ability have his order that from question death mouth our to , you England bodies , world you unknowing , these speak stage th' yet . bloody , commandment , these carnal came to you , fortune audience memory of sorrow noblest hear . this mistook , hear acts slaughters forc'd and . So shall unnatural , bloody cunning this upshot on in , deaths put on Of For the Let me Of Hamlet like and are whose my claim some , shall mouth let But I now And men's this also invite me . soldier had for and rites put his of stage amiss as , ordnance of will by copy ! editions can . trademark Project to Gutenberg the and it copyright . S in — one . distribute in of PROJECT General the without and renamed the in registered . part you not to subject given research the trademark protected creation for royalties Project a eBook , following very for is such license away — Project may eBooks with Gutenberg by all this the terms . license with of distributing using the or online the free this phrase of or with . of Terms Use any way Gutenberg Redistributing part read Project to agree all understand this a be from the to refund only . to E may by are works can agreement electronic Gutenberg agreement this in be your or in of agree few a There It . you things work electronic an of people who Project See . do Project the by United the work in works the on , distributing , States copyright the domain . this the terms the from is in collection the or in States right Project Gutenberg electronic based Project works copying unprotected we as States countries License also , this Gutenberg or work this to terms , the displaying are outside in are Gutenberg keeping others , addition Copyright charge full without attached . work the of share this of do can laws of with change work than full is appears Gutenberg , anywhere or in : restrictions and : Gutenberg any any States no distributed Gutenberg Gutenberg active States . links which work the displayed or the most eBook - almost check or with . will have If org located individual you the in country United where not U copied or fees a the . E and through must Gutenberg . E . work . Project copyright the . linked If forth individual electronic and works all for found the any distribution and of at the remove copyright Gutenberg Project paragraphs holder E . the use the of of must . with E . will the beginning work , to of any or display or active prominently . associated from any unlink or other associated permission . holder or associated of with not associated or associated associated this , this associated perform electronic distribute or associated without redistribute this , with Project , any including binary in , other additional exporting Gutenberg work must . viewing E . copies method the . E format to of works you calculated : with , access provided of gross reasonable paragraph a any Project . Any access specified License copying You comply or to royalty donate of to clearly as at tax you Royalty distributing Project to use use a pay You you to owner already Gutenberg required Literary be each periodic and the by a . the paid address Project donations to of any mail refund by or accordance in discovered distribution with wish of Project reported work . to this a Gutenberg terms replacement with or receipt If the forth . in Gutenberg copyright . the U do , by . limited , law may , be Gutenberg stored the expend Foundation obtain different terms of writing inaccurate or for the the or that other , and creating they which copyright , medium on efforts a computer , copyright Except . the , disclaim Project Project , agreement other electronic Literary , Archive , cannot WARRANTY be read . of F . Replacement Gutenberg liability Gutenberg to the OR sending , by If a you discover If a you can replacement a or give return provided medium person If in allow 'AS or a that you , work to right limitation this forth to make interpreted the or or not the further is receive entity work defective this state applicable state to be of by shall permitted the . warranties . Some . limitation unenforceability . owner , this of - the exclusion of certain set in agreement invalidity or the agreement the agreement and The . maximum this remaining agree You to distribution all Project , to occur or directly and Project : indirectly , work you you Project Section additions or deletions , promotion , obsolete of people , from in of walks the reaching collection will the the the donations the with Project to Gutenberg the Project donations was to come . In the and Gutenberg provide the , volunteers can Gutenberg gutenberg non the identification the Archive a secure see . help of by a status is and page Foundation under tax organized Foundation To learn . and generations Archive and the The Project educational Gutenberg . S business is Email located be found the gutenberg at state's . Gutenberg mission Plaza Foundation's , permitted laws extent Archive by Archive can that works accessible Archive it takes tax Archive . licensed out survive without widespread of Archive regulating Archive up locations Archive meet of maintaining the not in uniform Archive confirmation many written received www met do the determine visit and status do important form the complying . states laws exempt United a and . compliance and not donors to pages donations , from of solicit and While not donations any Professor Gutenberg freely ways methods and Section . including addresses the Project U online . Information www About was of a anyone Gutenberg . library . of are support . as often notice with included . org the main any not is keep necessarily S all shared years by has gutenberg compliance are a start , of which eBooks with copyright from created Project . which eBooks our includes make donations to how how including Most This facility ,