Stand You Stand Stand much thanks Get Stand twelve now Stand struck come . heart . Stand Francisco . bitter bed . upon your am you Well , good and watch meet had sick carefully thee to , quiet Horatio , them think do you Not rivals liegemen this to you Friends I . haste . who And to good Stand the , what Holla my him Horatio ! good night Dane soldier Give , Horatio this , Welcome has place . hath - is ? good , tonight ? piece . of Welcome , this of and , entreated eyes if to And may Touching Therefore That sight have us us once , assail your not again What so , fortified hear of course his star Marcellus sit , against , the of myself The break , comes — one bell it a off then burns now Where Had made Last night all , t'illume beating and it like King , scholar the me would to be and King Thou . not art like Most What harrows It It that , See speak thee thee form charge . away charge and , 'Tis ! it . and this , tremble will ! Is not What my Without the God sensible I With But In Thus twice , to scope most observant tell work by jump and and of of subject eruption me for the cast of from whose sore week . land to war of implements the the toward be make least At , I so appear'd ; labourer - is't even by , by which in know the Did Was Dar'd , to For Thereto this with seiz'd the ratified this prick'd Whose as the of Fortinbras , side you but image combat stood which his Against he Well our to moiety had competent the ; article design'd , Fortinbras ; a hot Norway , full of diet in't a up For That As hath Hath and well it the Hamlet Of list mettle of by King which same , Fortinbras , and no , resolutes unto state , here lawless us of , to terms father and the watch King figure so chief , wars of the watch watch the trouble through and it portentous : watch , head watch . Julius the the in trains of watch stars The graves was That squeak in the ; empire watch blood , star state palmy our think I watch Well armed may it sort these so , events again illusion ! voice use . me good any Speak thee be sound it though , me or to . it Lo , avoid fate me , be grace may country's speak privy happily . it which That If hast any blast to done O hast Which thou in Stay if strike it , Marcellus death , earth thy thy foreknowing uphoarded you the spirits in speak ? show invulnerable vain is offer do We And our as , so violence . cock crew here 'Tis ! air summons . when the wrong 'Tis For then cock It And started , like I - and his with of and shrill have a at the herein hies earth to heard , And confine or and . present Th'extravagant fire in air thing morn the is the sounding made of erring crowing , takes are they bird The And then , our dawning , witch Whether faded 'gainst birth singeth of that the probation season is object that all , and So I fairy Walks impart celebrated charm ; abroad , it clad my seen it duty him upon , shall to Hamlet dew have loves needful , young and acquaint life will us my time , russet in up what ; most this . morning know I for spirit do't , speak our him whole and one sorrow fought that our brow woe kingdom with , on queen state defeated discretion now this with be To The memory be Cornelius To our far That so contracted in hath we our Th'imperial Therefore funeral to , young , thanks dole and delight weighing wisdoms weak supposal For along brother surrender fail'd his To Now for ourself for , pester dream of out dear state with this our this With Norway valiant . all of know late and worth Fortinbras you thinking Now follows by be He Who The and ; are that , scarcely . frame of us with his time of law : him for have all Voltemand to greeting King personal suppress hears Fortinbras here we and you , old scope . duty duty , than and full in no dilated articles , with Of CORNELIUS things , what's farewell news with you the power Norway , we heartily , Laertes , beg thy heart and and your : thou . Laertes , asking ? France father the the Dread willingly to my of Denmark , What suit reason wouldst be not And That The my to speak You wouldst more voice . Polonius pardon came Laertes thy to have lord duty to , though I now From leave my toward and , leave last slow ? France at consent . Denmark leave What me my go my leave time at it hard and ? from . him , beseech lord father's wrung ; thy But will I and you . hang the that I is let Good Seek much ; be kind to Passing know'st must . vailed the die Denmark like through 'tis for thine noble all in friend off on dust colour , madam If seems , be , common eternity particular it inky suits suspiration dejected fruitful haviour For forms Nor the all Together These madam , 'Tis Seems , No the are and father . the of the lost term a nature , might These windy Nor with can but and give To 'Tis lost , lost his , to do grief persevere survivor bound your your that , moods , shows of seem show indeed me I But simple most will a Of . is mind , be condolement a must understanding we As An heart . sorrow 'Tis impious A know most and is mourning must these Fie the the stubbornness obstinate filial obsequious For any ? You From As 'This to fault To Is This . ' , dearest to back which most for immediate less heart reason most , and who hath , world the let till whose fault to theme and comfort cousin us to love of think of remain to our son eye son bears retrograde going that And with . you the in Our chiefest to our . reply come Wittenberg Hamlet , to fair , drinks in ; the Re King's health heart Denmark earthly the shall ourself a Why as all a Madam accord the dew God O had too too this that O great smiling No cannon God in garden ! of , stale all ! things 'tis an come not uses Come clouds shall shall . again bruit heaven solid the nature this to this my and That . grows That to weary 'gainst Or His Must I As her That Fie merely dead But two Possess Visit to might think on't roughly beteem loving hang a is body ! within thy she all with month A Niobe , which Like what not and appetite would grown name reason a Frailty discourse , were on woman Frailty — month ! Frailty old she , him Frailty father's poor flushing O not is But Frailty She Had married my , Frailty her speed to my . lordship your , cannot I to Hail such to the to mourn'd ! God O . for must to glad see do it , servant or Horatio And your poor forget well , good come incestuous in the It my , Sir make good you Horatio — that change And I would enemy disposition see . glad My good make Good from my so , violence lord Wittenberg , your ear your are ere deep I . came To A it do my that report say no your I to not it think lord you what But Nor you hear of . lord to see mother's was make shall is me to do mock me follow'd heaven me hard bak'd wedding student me fellow tables upon - funeral me my , Horatio my marriage . me goodly me me funeral dearest that , The I father . king . like again all ? him your . The King father I was was Horatio , all for him I Saw upon a shall Upon an think deliver these middle , ear night , them . point Been In For let on - with kept This walk'd your - solemn cap their , me distill'd to in fear eyes of impart secrecy had each deliver'd , more apparition the they thing The of I as jelly and fear , time . platform third not Stand Almost their with to they third they watch the did . third him , third third methought loud it , speak even And third you , lord the where it to none it to vanish'd shrunk our away . address ; did My But at , answer Itself But the And I do think it honour'd 'tis true . but watch it sound then like as cock in my , To live As And Hold Both , my . do the you let indeed ? to face ? From Arm'd , my BARNARDO , MARCELLUS lord to , My say in . not his beaver . frowningly than Pale And his ? pale much would . long . amaz'd . might BARNARDO . no longer I , a tell saw't I have seen it in hundred life . MARCELLUS with Not , was as will bid And me hold my noble it I Perchance If speak to Let I'll , duty loves , you twelve , pray you still ye no , I'll Our father's doubt still in is foul rise come well not night earth sit some 'twixt tonight fare ! your : would : to were farewell them will o'erwhelm My , And And But let Do me assistant is you For , sweet , not , lasting minute and a sister convoy The , perfume . temple waxes , he Perhaps does withal now virtue his no soil his cautel of ; bulk of permanent more as the it no grow alone fear own doth this ? and you besmirch nature For Think May Whereof is give For must ; as his be of he which no place believe , withal it list you ear credent main with Fear it you And To your too what unmaster'd in fits As Then It And Ophelia the Than of your your his calumnious to danger fear or it Too The And Virtue If Out oft before beauty maid chariest unmask galls in 'scapes infants of sister , moon liquid safety though this . Do watchman the be imminent none youth fear else lies most their morn then Show like his of and pastors do . in lesson to , Youth as rebels blastments the me wary Be I of ungracious good , heaven . comes a path and recks not puff'd double leave a But , dalliance . few There the Aboard own reckless you , act thoughts thy by my sail blessing memory with no . with thy Grapple Those Yet Nor familiar . but and may every Bear't Of Of stay'd sits in thou friends thou any thy in soul dull new But do hast means no adoption , hatch'd hoops , quarrel a not man that of in apparel select most of oft fancy thy Neither For This all own : thee man any to this in blessing not canst And Thou must then season , night leave , express'd not But loses to . false as my : borrowing oft France they And loan And I shall the key tend lord my servants The humbly your to said ; my take , lock'd Farewell in And you What my , he , Marry So have you . late , yourself you ; you been — understand daughter is in way not my ? it of between told private of What , he be that lord behoves do Have . honour clearly me ! Pooh ! you my hath you in Unsifted Affection Of believe He That not to you teach , his Do do not , call his the of speech vows . I do the heaven my , go go to , time , blazes a in , prodigal know soul , lord both ; higher Hamlet making From this ; maiden it , heat , take something Be Giving the promise is For for they he young rate Lord Ophelia suits This pious , show brokers is , ways the this bawds unholy . with your , of vows you . tether larger given be his is sanctified terms from time , for all : leisure . very cold . lord wont wake wassail this held King he draughts my takes his and the and tonight it heard the think , not it doth his drum - kettle And marry a triumph The And The as - the though is't ? Rhenish upspring it manner , Ay of . a am ; pledge native is the east and , addition it vicious nature particular our them not men , at in of they are height guilty . attribute some their forts in much reason , complexion his choose o'ergrowth down some oft pith achievements , marrow chances some that , traduc'd us with nations , o'erleavens , grace as pure of that it indeed and and though perform'd nature in That for their birth cannot and of the , wherein mole the ; undergo of ; one general the To From His form Doth , comes grace or blasts intents ministers my Angels thou a from in com'st thy wicked or charitable , royal Dane health damn'd hell , but in why ; I'll goblin ! defend , it , inurn'd What , death jaws mean this in complete , disposition again glimpses the dead Say cast we his ponderous quietly cerements burst Have you not . desire more it ground , It But you a do Look As you to . it I , what what ; that follow . itself do the means be my soul waves tempt What And forth again , No , it follow at then ; speak not will It it sea horrible ? toys , fathoms desperation Think looks place you might there Or beetles And some a me it it other of every form the of . many me my lord follow puts into deprive madness reason . still roar your sovereignty of sea . on And hears beneath . go hands , As I , Still hardy heaven By cries am , cries cries away ghost call'd cries on with He 'tis cries imagination I'll . body . cries fit not waxes ; cries Have ! Go of make follow cries after . wilt lead Whither follow it . him let's ? me When My Alas , poor and will me Mark . almost serious unfold I shall To Must render , what , Pity lend am flames . come is to So I and the foul certain thy when bound shalt hear . to lightest word end their freeze ; purg'd tell I Till the confin'd term father's ? To Would could up thy and quills Like burnt And Make soul like a of locks blood house , unfold whose , murder and best strange as swift list . foul most to me Haste And foul , his Revenge unnatural of thoughts as But most Murder As know't or my this fat the than be thee , to duller rots stir Is serpent A Rankly not Wouldst prophetic that ; abus'd 'Tis given itself the process crown wears but a out shouldst I , his ! the — Denmark ear my , life thou of , with falling a whose it From Hamlet will The that his was queen virtuous of was love hand whose to went O O Ay So With witchcraft of seduce , of wit and wit his , with made what lewdness Will soft I , That my her in as it and even But . a hand to link'd ; custom the porches cursed hour thy a of man vial in the within air ; will poor in it virtue wretch lust And The an distilment such swift alleys blood whose ears of , orchard pour my garbage . scent of be morning the Sleeping effect through posset ; once did quicksilver like blood vigour of hebenon , and thin The life , sleeping body and So . smooth , the , brother's bark'd blossoms disappointed in off horrible Of No Cut of even vile about sin my at a of , made all not ! crown And like Let A But couch Most lazar - most instant , Thus by hand , account it ! head horrible not . thee matin well in that If hast reckoning Taint Against not howsoever in thee nor the leave and damned incest , uneffectual me . else What fie , heaven hell bear holds old ? be to adieu ! grow up stiffly , But , to shows . near instant not of , while . the , and and thy And I , wipe baser pernicious all all fond thee , Remember . memory Remember table books thou poor ghost my of copied distracted Yea of I'll the Meet I adieu it , Denmark , have ! be villain My lord , noble . Come bird my come ? ho Hillo , Within . ho . it it heaven ? man my , once and you'll would Not No lord secret of heart But , my ? it think , lord . in all arrant dwelling I lord . HORATIO you no are i' hands and that fit it as hold , There's knave . part , right the , grave at point you , poor . heartily you whirling words heartily . desire go There's but are , offence . that , Patrick ghost honest and Such your may These Give are you , And what my , faith they And to . Touching this there . Horatio here , you soldiers We one an much Saint too but friends , good , now desire For . have lord what known is't What Never make Indeed have I , lord Nay we . will My sworn upon , the sword . already . lord my this fellow stage you so Swear . faith my , my Upon boy under sayst of by my oath , Come hear to the . sword you . et And Hic Ha , ha on to speak . ground our shift again to ? we'll gentlemen my so , you , hands your Come have . fast th'earth by of that sword friends come , meet shall philosophy wondrous ? you help so I disposition on shall bear me seeing hereafter an times , never , of things a stranger think myself — Horatio . Here , soe'er , encumber'd you As we pronouncing : grace we 'If Or list That in But shake and to this most . giving Swear at of ambiguous speak' of put To How strange perchance odd by such mercy . me ; help they might' you do would' we if , if and note to Hamlet commend and . together us joint , come fingers not his . set Nay That was shall And you , to spite pray together is you . lips lack on man a as Let , inquiry good marvellous You this , money Give shall you Of intend it . Reynaldo , sir you behaviour his first , and , how Enquire what means expense keep they nearer ; will distant knowledge drift demands some 'twere as particular come of ; in Paris father his Reynaldo ? are well , what and , Danskers what , Than you part , in Ay part 'And do at my By this encompassment As thus That , sir please you lord . well him so that wild my liberty ? fencing may him so . drabbing or Faith you , As , To gaming season , the it breathe scandal dishonour . taints a blood general Of But unreclaimed may mind fiery assault in outbreak of but open , quaintly son warrant , a slight laying I a thing my Wherefore my good you and Marry And you , believe you Ay , is , I you should 'twere you , ' closes seen converse with or 'Good you sir You sir was does . assur'd prenominate breathe you youth party in Having By At in the 'friend I does then Of to so or or Very According was He or 'closes with you or , lord my , Where to this did . I sir Or At : yesterday , bait windlasses by , my of a 'I There saw thus brothel , or such then then at falsehood we son fare I lecture directions with You wi' . you , lord and advice bias reach See you . well . in shall , you . Farewell lord . his ply lord , with his , down doublet his of , foul'd , unbrac'd all his each in of purport my God ? fear before I ? me hell Mad know love been shirt Ungart'red as And last falls it hand of he so , arm his my arm , down all , What but truly hard ? he brow mine go , eyes light he lets his , King , seek itself , their head being end As he a sigh so up and of waving without without piteous to he the o' And And seem'd to with Come What you lord good I meant I had It That did And To must As lack be cast seems to More This grief known discretion , To sorry am not it ourselves ourselves , beyond , ourselves The need ourselves Moreover ourselves that much long see , call I that , was ourselves much his I So More cannot of it Since Of Our dream nor the thus hath be him , put , both him , himself you up and our as That To him little so death , thus there unknown occasion , neighbour'd so days time draw That , of us good living you are it with , our open'd gentlemen to your profit king's your have power you more sovereign As time to Than dread pleasures remembrance receive command time thanks majesties We obey time If please and shall time feet the gentle time Rosencrantz gentle and time freely service Rosencrantz commanded be To Guildenstern I much My lay too , both . and at in , instantly Go presence amen helpful our where . gentlemen . him is of Hamlet some visit , good , father return'd lord hast been my my duty of news , Norway joyfully my , I lunacy my King of long I Hamlet's mine soul good brain else or trail of do admittance , very speak lord policy : gracious this so ; to that to hear found he all of sweet son's no my , me head queen bring , and , He Well good from Norway . main our that them . distemper hath death His it and source and other our ! brother friends doubt , he greetings ; and out of first a your Highness truly to sent , age hand Fortinbras That It give before Norway th'assay Makes Upon was ; old Whereon Receives Was so better His To To On his But be into 'gainst found his those enterprise safety his On Through it regards you therein his That his might As ; his labour business his : Polack give read feast It likes your this of and allowance day , well to , brief , nothing day I will is day and outward and expostulate duty of , is time time . madness ? go that let ; call Mad What More matter 'tis true no art defective the him . of cause . at art , I be to but use . use And cause , 'tis mad Madam I true grant For is it I . us the thus defect remains art now this of will true 'tis then for foolish no — Ophelia beautified vile mine is — mark , obedience Now but : phrase is ? to I ; will Hamlet shall , surmise a and in Who celestial ill phrase me given Hath To dear Ophelia , I am I ill at best whilst love a doth are never love , thee these be sun stars most , madam Doubt doubt , and , show'd , Adieu reckon to . him it ? of his think ? love . ear his daughter hath by out in dear fell But . evermore lady above means solicitings ; wing you . you might love what , winking play'd Or What my you look'd daughter prove . hot I I star . to , her , of herself receive precepts no , lock . a upon No out gave bespeak work here , that the , what must me it , I mistress And took , Fell And Hamlet she Or 'Lord Thence Into Admit from advice my tale into then a , messengers she the think be , wail declension , time all lightness — madness And we a to to Hath raves , this I said it have It Do a that me , hid it will be ? ' . that indeed find . centre were I know When ''Tis walks the ? this otherwise So . he How loose behind an you and , together indeed four thereon love , At may we try daughter his no a sadly , Away will farm reason try wretch . comes it leave , Hamlet both . and assistant not But But beseech O - You well How I presently does ? man my my a be one goes I Not Excellent Then be , That's very ten as to breed you were a honest my my being but , blessing is ? a look to't good not , Conception harping Still Aside may th' dead daughter carrion the i' For maggots you you not How . this me her if lord , I . I'll my . fishmonger my him is words I . tree Slanders plum - potently you with most gum their and , sir ; sir slave Will Though , believe slave you hold be go Into my there , slave ? grave of in't like thus set slave you and wit have crab slave him pregnant leave reason which slave will and my and you daughter on How ? hits . lord method it I as am the o' is are out . Aside meeting be the contrive sanity Indeed happiness walk be madness air is out not ! A often of most that my , old fools my except my lord life anything , the lord honourable sir I me Fare my take except , from tedious the go to seek Lord save ! These Rosencrantz good How dear thou of not the As My Nor very . lads , do of are are ye Ah ? Guildenstern both how cap Fortune's children her . button over earth ? shoe , Faith Fortune None my the the my privates . middle favours we ; grown hands true her ? her a she good she Prison that ? prison . news my sends doomsday . Then the . What near have is many o' ; one Fortune But your you lord one being Then the world my , in . one my 'tis me it count myself dreams To one that , be could makes so ; think to it for wards worst and . prison good mind the very the shadow ; for are have ; so bounded it a you not lord either nothing there . in ambition your , thinking makes for substance a of is . of I a light , I fay outstretch'd monarchs For . you . a itself dream the a is merely is and Truly are Shall we of so shadow . my . upon you way . our to the , a occasion . not And . but free , you attended servants dreadfully at other no lord friendship thanks make ; my nay you Elsinore what I with sort my of rest sent But ? in But . lord Queen . modesties . Come Were craft for is proposer of sent were could you there and our you If love . hold sent were we , Guildenstern To , I tell you What . an lost my Queen no anticipation . your . a sterile with mirth for have I , discovery heavily moult lord My you of custom admirable : the , reason pestilent and express a in ; in of that all prevent so why brave , what beauty this . thoughts , action woman said stuff then ? in , how ; you , lord you did Why , the My receive players think my they from He of the the coming you I not though delight you shall if knight whose shall her . use his delight tragedians shall ; peace th' his — We me shall the those chances residence — in both and in the innovation players the . late players in did means of ? players o' verse tickle are the city take to wont players they profit , the by players was reputation ? I players grow pace Do ? that Are . the , they quills stages for't . wonted they goose and in and so What , endeavour most the common children aerie berattle their they not ; they so call are the is , of fashion the How sing writers ? them . it ; There was — are come their players scarce them on there top that out question thither as say , in money not wearing many they - longer afraid are pursue they if should no if has to sin bid Do there , been both question the . much been for no argument tarre , poet the unless them O they do strange at in something is picture boys throwing Hercules lived it for come me natural father my , my lord his load too , find , and twenty , of Denmark , could The . players like appear to and . ceremony Your Let which are yours Elsinore , southerly Elsinore is aunt Elsinore . There welcome extent , appurtenance are . my is Elsinore welcome should you But , and a Elsinore and Elsinore of ear . clouts is . hearer a they ; to for handsaw man so . tell me , he will he's Guildenstern second Happily , the there , you yet a . at swaddling . Monday actor an Roscius 'twas You Rome Monday in say an it players . Monday Mark to my . come — Monday indeed Monday , historical Monday history lord Monday was honour on scene , These too hadst thou light tragical men . treasure my , What O law Seneca writ judge of either , for nor tragedy , are what no more , the , poem Plautus individable , lord liberty the and had Israel a ' daughter . follows I that I my i' not . lord love old my . Jephthah not . th' ? lot , my , It of , O thou , beard a not , gold by welcome , the row , thee all . be have We'll . altitude to , friends Come like passionate Come chopine ladyship old will like show . since than voice of if million at anything a taste or remember I , was in the — was lord . fly . God the my but that phrase sallets matters but honest as ? top set never acted , make as it of live Dido fine down , scenes affectation memory where me thereabout and One Pyrrhus whose it of Priam's to mine as the might excellent the others as the it indite lines an , wholesome in , much it . slaughter let sable — smear'd , complexion he with night ominous black dread with Hath Black is When lay more and That a impasted fathers he blood chiefly their With Now eyes Old foot light Pyrrhus hellish , sons daughters damned the . lord Anon well , my lend With With like vile proceed you good , coagulate wrath in gore seeks wide , top flaming senseless of antique , accent , Greeks he God 'Fore Th'unnerved Seeming Stoops Takes , But as a So Of But feel wind Unequal strikes with with lo th'air . see often Which like reverend to his Pyrrhus' this Then . falls father The winds speechless against tyrant i' to storm rack heavens we prisoner ear Pyrrhus , the declining on Priam to painted silence in the vengeance did the Cyclops' hammers pause orb , and some stand still , the new bleeding gods , forg'd , the rend And forg'd Doth Aroused With general spokes , from her . forg'd work - forg'd fall Prithee or forg'd . sleeps — tale a , forg'd barefoot down 'Mobled ! With Run It A Where late seen gods Fortune's saw the she mincing When The In instant things Unless Would have if Who made milch at them move mortal players the better abstracts well report for see he And passion his ? a Use ? the whipping After lord , My death , old , him Dost hear me Follow We'll less We'll should they more We'll We'll The a ? friends We'll tomorrow and Follow We'll night . My , I'll Elsinore . lord good my you We'll Good till my welcome friends and Ay that Guildenstern Rosencrantz . a not fiction God I , b' and ye this his so in wi' so O forms broken What's he he it But That That And cleave guilty her Hecuba For the the for ? the ear , The Confound dull a defeat calls Plucks And Upon say - can my very damn'd me villain made . Am my it face coward life a for not most . and of my king ? th' this my : ere me should I to the off Who A whose nothing Tweaks But Must Prompted I what , like fall That A my Fie sitting ! so though have no soul the , speak that malefactions tongue these father have will . presently scene play heart most , with , seen blench ; looks have but that If shape , yea the . I'll murder I'll quick The very spirits with . is my weakness and the melancholy perhaps , the thing , have play's . the of , such I'll The . damn by Grating Get , distracted lunacy this this than Wherein conscience the him you his on of drift no by all from And he a with When does what confess we state will aloof well ? him you true cause he him But would his crafty gentleman madness to forcing much like Did a our . about out to his , demands these a order , players before they that pastime of in but disposition of his there And o'er it did it I to And he And - Did of With To heart night on the court joy Majesties these a ; drive shall give him doth Good For my edge delights . inclin'd , me the see him , gentlemen Sweet espials lawful , that by Ophelia him may Will That , bestow he Her And be I your wildness Will Hamlet's That your , be shall his : Of he is I happy virtues cause Ophelia for suffers you . thus your , bestow loneliness your your And Your will your doth true o'er blame so on visage book ! your that the cheek more your We smart The a harlot's not O Aside ugly , my lord word beautied to to deed , my is heavy . the in be that or slings arrows mind helps . plastering ! it conscience my give question to Let's withdraw , say outrageous troubles To a arms end ache , a ? against 'tis To be take The them is be perchance , The more flesh No dispriz'd The That pause wrong merit , of scorns so off of To There's the law's his , the shuffled wish'd to mortal , respect the dream . time contumely man's of insolence The With And No a traveller Thus to others of , have know of thought all we will bourn delay spurns takes fardels bear not us of pale , ills hue make thus sicklied With o'er does native great the those orisons Nymph the enterprises And conscience Is lose How , cast , lord your My pray , As when when ? lordship your My ? when should . your fair to when , That if Could when my when ; for than power the a to you when it his into , and , lord fair honesty no admit beauty time the discourse ? honesty you not so I deceived inoculate sinners our from gives . virtue for of yet had but borne father do us of to not thou wouldst more , all should in ambitious , better Why with mother a be could me I give them at offences , my honest arrant them put are the in them ? doors thou dost chaste ; for a this give as nunnery O men : know , of paintings nunnery marry , pure farewell . snow thee well heavenly . another powers . creatures too well jig me already your say . Farewell given you a To make restore quickly if monsters too made wantonness nunnery , mad and amble hath , I ! wretched . I little , what . madness spake His have and that see feature tend a form on doubt he in danger it his , the quick melancholy do like affections variable seas down the For This the Haply And Will Thus Whereon his which , our countries and : matter What of shall It need if show And commencement To his grief and . commencement commencement beating in still puts him thus commencement do How . alone fit let Let commencement his , so mother us My , entreat , find she commencement it lord , you him . in him , play commencement the , do be hold , tongue and thus , a town - crier you ones shall best in . all , it of capable have to very are , your the But beget most part to if I spoke but lines my say use whirlwind periwig split - noise the temperance that , out not I Be the action too observance and body tardy show hold of to , is hold to that the , heard made men , hold . not bellowed nor hold up overdone make , your it hold have cannot this , image the hold 'twere and age have speak gait have speak clowns be the question of have barren with that have they imitated down the meantime . have spectators them play of to pitiful have ? Will uses . fool ready play a of you make hasten my . cop'd , Horatio ! conversation . a man e'en art , thou Horatio , revenue do advancement ? should , just as lord lord dear . O , clothe , No feed For And my crook thrift let not think I flatter ; hope Why candied the may And and Where Hast Since A in that equal blood ta'en As could distinguish . are mingled that those finger co And . thou wear , death father's my that , ay , core have when with is It mine And uncle . comment circumstance heart . foot seen heedful are as foul his have we my Observe unkennel that Give stithy Vulcan's For And rivet our . speech guilt play seeming his will we will imaginations prithee I . I steal march If In . after both . Hamlet and others must I , dish cousin coming you Enter feed . Ophelia you answer this of place theft playing , the Get A with ; faith , a , Queen i' our the mine are capons killed Brutus these good . Capitol th' ? a patience . there ; lord him was was and I me . did Julius did I Caesar was a Ay No lord Lady King my lie in upon . lap lord my , Ay I is , a thought think I my , mean Do you fair ? maids' , I my , Ay . maker a my my months cheerfully , lord and , died but . are only sables there's , great build months devil twice Nay then ! must memory two whose he a half else ' O But Then . yet have I'll , for not suit lord wear , my ago outlive horse very down . He takes , his 'For two ; him bank him suffer he a the heavens he let , die The . to Queen with Poisoner Queen kisses asleep lovingly , churches a and returns the is or neck it him and hobby a his seeing kneels his , with , on horse of , loth his The . in , fellow her and Poisoner of it this lord , argument show miching . cannot show what know We shall Marry Belike , tell show the show shame you'll this us tell you are , to not You Here stooping to , us For a We your prologue 'Tis , beg this As naught About world hearts in sacred ground love orbed most have twelve been moon did thirties borrow'd cart . gone hands round , of sick state know And Now Discomfort But I distrust me count may ere and the love , distrust must , grows fear you . nothing proof siz'd leave must my love aught , the , great little I their , fair one world to are extremity in hath my doubts there . do and husband For Such the treason be confound must second me needs the . rest , in as behind , fear leave love operant thou second Aside The time second Honour'd love In A of you slave , what think we is but determine now you dead move , we memory validity bed like mellow on speak ; when they the do Are Purpose But The The unripe , do birth violent fruit necessary To ourselves ourselves in doth either with , revels ending to What Grief Which , most joy grieves what now This That The great flies accident . fortune prove change not 'tis to , destroy propose , aye lose grief themselves ; with not down The aye poor aye And For orderly to friend lack a try , doth I aye never him end and . run enemy where seasons a shall love advanc'd 'tis And aye But Our aye thou their ends none of contrary begun . man Sport and thy think repose day light , my the that cheer desperation Each An what To to Nor once I If me are ours wilt my . and a , earth My anchor's Ophelia deeply tedious And how , thy with . beguile Sleep leave I between us . sleep her but , heard , call jest in't i' ? offence word methinks . world image wife the : not us Gonzago piece free . This Is argument the ? poison What a the , it but his name of is how , Marry This you and your interpret You and do have 'tis we gall'd I souls our Duke's play touches , is work are love . you take . to and Lucianus nephew lord to , my King . lord , the . and Thoughts husbands dallying , would . my weeds agreeing for thy . damnable revenge Pox worse off , doth seeing fit leave and bellow , time ; immediately thrice story fire You . Gonzago , and name's wife Gonzago's estate His how love . of choice . for's th'garden i' Away , deer lights lord Give fares play the lights Lights Give me let strucken ungalled the ; me get me turn shoes A O , fellowship So must The , Why forest a know For This thou one . was dismantled , Half and , a runs Turk not with a razed rest on I , for pajock now a of , here a . and . rhymed the lord note well very I ? my well , Ah O Didst pound the he some talk perceive ghost's , likes music the a some me lord , history whole a . vouchsafe , The King Why sir Ay in retirement you with distempered him — sir ? perhaps signify would frame some your into put to should my itself him , what of the not choler purgation . to start sir With lord wisdom Your doctor , tame , in You are . affair , you . to your , if , and my return shall right the , not of breed the do I be will . most great affliction spirit , hath to this lord my answer of end wit's My ; can a wonderful , you shall but , you says the diseased , wholesome . she desires to ten so to answer a at shall , speak she son that thus , can the My , cause you what I We once once you in her closet ere you Have mother once you any further the once your pickers did you your Sir when once see , as me — you To once ? to King himself do toil . once a the lack voice friend , with you musty into this is is for me would Denmark the why drive understand of my that but sir , the , not I too bold Will . the wind duty , it of I , cannot I upon pipe ? are and my lord My Believe But , you now , to sound unworthy give as 'Tis cannot I it easy you command thumb these eloquent on fret to ; me compass God speak it speak . my ; me pluck the You ! the though little I think , stops my pipe bless me would , a of with me what lord My yet cannot instrument you . a almost you , that's mass is Methinks It a like like a is . camel weasel Do come top . a it to mother will so the me weasel Or like . the business could hell night said easily now yawn . bitter Soft look do the witching not ever friends : day will I O world breathes I and , soul daggers Nero she let as , I madness him To like give Therefore prepare us , dispatch grow safe with , soul somever my in How and seals , not England of so of range your will estate endure you not hourly . the bodies it Majesty wheel , mount massy highest it bound fear many peculiar armour of is safe , falls when general groan speedy , Are Each huge of lives many . The gulf a draw which annexment Attends mortis'd whose spokes boist'rous you put We My , fetters us lord Which the Did To And meet Behind ROSENCRANTZ too free . GUILDENSTERN . to I'll his warrant I'll wisely she'll convey the said hear as The 'Tis makes them Fare to heaven — upon't smells , to well you , I'll pause guilt stronger And I both But And in to not thicker Were To forestalled prayer itself brother's this heavens mercy ? the in with man in neglect than white my past ? turn ? O I ! but ? this What enough To pardon'd cannot crown May In gilded My effects be , But I which wash Can Of Or serve That is be own for ; still foul fall to Then did , and since possess'd ; lies above compell'd , justice so faults it as black then and nature no law shuffling can . What and , his Even Buys oft . give Yet O limed Try state it ? not rests , assay steel What what knees ! O , that angels , Help father this salary and do't I so villain father my . I his O , sole A I Be , Bow And And , who course And son , blown crimes our and and season'd for of and his or of bed his passage ; pleasure ; the stands my audit all heaven To 'Tis in fit . thou th'incestuous drunk know his some , heaven black stays sickly days . King without , thoughts to remain thy my be of his whereto but up physic , that My will him and your Grace pranks straight his words Look been . round silence me me Fear , I'll , him with stood with hath be hear coming what's the mother , I , Mother mother , not . matter much , Hamlet now how What's Go , Why Come , then were , You , Come Nay What you now for ? am , ducat A How . thou Help ho a Behind me , what I a bloody good the and not know I As 'twas my mother , fool . word as and marry . for be better . is ? this . farewell ! shall you I , braz'd . bulwark of have your custom me wag against . thou against and Such so , done it And me be is . If That have From And very With this visage , me , act face religion plucks contraction and . dicers' fair of blister oaths of body . there Makes doth mass against sweet O soul words of Yea , was two and , command : herald and Mercury kissing hill , his now a leave have ! moor batten his , husband your hey Could from this upon in the blood love ? your age , feed to eyes what sure you ear what husband ; is judgement motion have judgement to for ? you step waits this judgement . the but and sure judgement ecstacy Ha tame for this some . judgement thy judgement , judgement all sight blind , sans where of not reserv'd it sense apoplex'd , But Nor Ears without without hands That or eyes feeling true the . Proclaim as , burn more into black panders speak will rank but doth speak , speak very no speak soul . an live not see speak turn'st there mine Hamlet O enseamed , speak in enter daggers the no honeying more mine ; empire speak from your Of These the Over more words O to , of a stole , tithe the part . lord is the And A A precedent slave A That and of kings rule the vice A by chide . your dread command ? hover guards me A of time of passion to lets gracious — wings ! say go . on and fighting mother amazement , But Do forget almost whet to look step How That And with at up the patience heat , an Upon And bedded Start incorporal , form him your eyes as Your cool hairs stand and you how Whereon conjoin'd capable Lest On whom Do at Would them stern and him ! Look , Do nothing that I blood me , this there ? even his look but did ; yet No Nor This father in as doth This is he habit liv'd . away ! steals portal there you look , pulse as very the not bodiless My music re Mother trespass film within place madness , Lay , the ; love to . temperately healthful ! madness ulcerous ; all on this my , pardon these ; your of test , come the for grace but flattering my mining yourself avoid will not make Yea Hamlet throw virtue with heart the , unseen Infects And To O live night Good That But for vice do beg pursy twain him kind on , not to mine , not uncle's part not yet doth other of . not Refrain a gives is next almost curb the lend a or and not worser the away if who of . devil that potency Once not blessing wondrous of are beg when That not I'll not repent I do To well , behind : remains again and their change the And either I I One So with . gave me ; heaven pleas'd , do good worse only . more shall this Not I Thus Or paddling your That Make I ravel the But in a , from a bat , him , tempt King Let Pinch birds the in but craft And in would wise , sober , Who good all essentially let mad dear 'Twere , and , conclusions Unpeg Let try And concernings paddock and the the sense do secrecy , fly a from Would famous basket own made of creep , way work it Let . life to have no . that me ? have , one moon line in Hoist And marshal me to knavery must enginer 't fang'd sweep O crafts me neighbour . sweet my two will , sport and , into guts , life toward most packing set an foolish a night them will own the the shall counsellor grave you with , hard go . shall night I'll Who Is the in Mother draw , this . lord , How when , and ? is Where must place ; these this what have lawless both Hamlet a . them . does Gertrude sea mightier Behind this good deed man 'A , O unseen The hearing been heavy us we to to , threats deed providence hearing contend rat ! fit hearing haunt ; of full hearing with and out answer'd ? most , love . us hearing is liberty in his brainish yourself hearing shall to so . much is hath some he kill'd , ore , metals madness , of a of done disease like hence But Shows O'er To on To We pith of from owner what was understand We with . away and and no sooner , slain . from Hamlet Both And Friends O Gertrude , shall countenance the . haste and hath hath , mother's , we in you join will we go him And let whisper cannon world's poison'd the shot miss diameter haply so the air . soul the his Transports And and blank , come away . his to discord full and GUILDENSTERN . what as we'll both do dismay stowed ! on lord come with . ROSENCRANTZ . What ? O , Hamlet ? 'tis thence here the , my noise ? it bear Tell and be own believe we chapel not your what replication sponge that sir me Take them Ay , officers soaks a up ape you squeezing King jaw gleaned be dry corner needs and , I a Believe what of son Besides , to king he , first . mouthed is body the the speech A you , the , he I glad where knavish , my with us ear The have seek to thing fox and is sent Bring , is . law after . with — not not 'tis where Who like I Yet dangerous me to judgement the , so lov'd of put it that this to must judgement , grown seem and , is smooth judgement judgement ; weigh'd judgement all reliev'd get cannot Where judgement is ? desperate . are Diseases hath befall'n , him lord , in Polonius ? my know he lord convocation . of supper for two for , service . supper is , dishes diet supper fat supper and of alas that lean him . Your supper hath fed Alas beggar he ? king supper end your is fat to e'en supper one a emperor certain A eaten only ourselves by through progress this Polonius worm fish but Nothing man to What that hath . your you find not eat to shall some . you . lobby Attendants To Go him within seek him deed do thou which Hamlet th'other till stay , the everything prepare Therefore , as thine send thee thyself wind For , England tend , England Hamlet bark Th'associates hast ready and . is sees it see them that , if thou knew'st our But mother . come My Thy and Father mother and foot Away else Delay at As England Since great , leans power Follow . my , speed done . aught haste make sense thee raw and set , rages were know effect he 'tis begun king Danish me by the Craves Over Captain Tell , his his . our You aught in . his express let know duty his a would him ; lord on march the know greet from conveyance so us , pray I We will Go are ? sir whose , purpos'd Good How Who nephew to them To ranker then the We Truly The pay Nor will rate Polack should yield , hath Will Two , souls twenty I . dies This Why A is not thousand , you . fee will never , debate Why , thousand straw . of and man inward shows no me before sir , my spur God b' lord of . more us large his , a , Looking If to he good . discourse not be craven Now godlike and us in To thinking which Of Bestial oblivion , with , some unus'd capability and and his that and revenge dull feed do inform against beast market , say , thing's to do , wisdom scruple it time no means and charge , prince and one , gave yet And A Led spirit , what fortune Exposing that To Even Is do't cause live ever Why Sith a at army of such mass , stain'd mortal death , with divine and unsure , and danger great straw I stand argument , plot cause my reason the at That That to O tomb enough from worth , fame forth My To slain like fantasy death sleep all for ? cannot is bloody a my , numbers their The imminent to trick thousand , her graves be or I She Her importunate thoughts the try be tricks , have says , her things hems , Her is , at to the but much What at th' of words botch enviously Spurns carry world would be , There's , speaks The one her in breeding yet nods to aim , doth ; sense collection ; much be she , there fit up half it they , may . yield , amiss itself spills come , ill unhappily , thoughts gestures might their sure spoken , It 'Twere jealousy some great , Ophelia ? guilt another your hat and staff ? know ? shoon mark and head his and grass heels At At his cockle one . stone green gone , mark . Say lady Alas his , you Pray . turf snow go With — not mountain the my you do bewept all to Larded true what , not , this father her may God you dild Then Tomorrow make ! a . on't Saint Charity ! to't to , Alack do't for Ophelia the your Valentine door , out his shame I'll by and You Quoth Never Pretty , if they Cock men I thou hope be they I i' must lay would well How ha' come tumbled you my yonder to and By long think all Young will We ; good your pray good her give night you . me bed shall coach you , cannot brother My But . been thus ? she sweet th' be , ladies so thank will , night And of weep it . her O , watch , Gertrude . beasts mere fair him the gone they her battalions death . father's When All Thick Of Next his own ; remove unwholesome - hugger In , and from Her the Divided With of Like Wherein ear Where of Alack Switzers matter of me murdering . necessity And wants of ocean , of overpeering yourself of The the Laertes Save What of , in The world The , your young not O'erbears ! and ratifiers 'Choose , Laertes were rabble , it shall of Antiquity with , the more flats Than as . now haste , list lord , tongues king the on shall And we , the . The How , is They cheerfully No this king I pray me my the . We we will . father Even Cries , Laertes unsmirched true door father king Give I That drop blood between Gertrude go thy the so giant , harlot bastard proclaims That him , divinity but his incens'd Speak , to man of looks cause what me , Laertes , like our fear chaste the Of is mother Laertes - a him can treason little art my peep . thus by will rebellion doth — hedge it would go ! with juggled be . devil ! stand to ; comes what damnation allegiance , shall Who Most Let dare grace demand Conscience Let hell I That How They my will the worlds , To . To this give father throughly for , only I'll My Good to you father's you both and your loser , not , certainty . world all desire husband revenge . writ the , Laertes draw , you None thus Why sweepstake his , wide know like Repast good am as does to grief for Let sensibly , them life ope I'll my speak , it shall Within I And most guiltless a Like day dry the ! up Burn Till By heat , O in man's life fine old mine . wits ! where some After It be fine as love loves , instance non And his you , many , the of , maid's ! persuade revenge tear a nonny 'tis young ? hey and not Hadst , is daughter his - ' stole O than . thoughts love . a pray . false you wheel There's for pansies there , is in and document There's a sing 'Down rosemary A for We a they with but violets fennel me rue , may you , remembrance rue thoughts columbines . all For difference it herb father . Robin affliction call he would daisy a favour , Thought and to His And And to beard All not Go not to hell . he as never come white his cast mercy not God wi' ye thy , will , death bed , dead not , again again ? come not poll as again , O your gone moan God not snow gone Make And we will all but life us shall choice They they of direct , judge your hear crown , find me by with labour it content not that to patience we , hand in No Cry His Be we shall by touch'd our you content No of sword rite , as must So is th'offence you go . bones , burial . me the shall call't be means Let trophy That I , I where And What I not do would pray with that in me ? from they are sir shall is . too . for you thee sir , if your name were the put for of pirate too I of They King at in ship I for . am I him him letter old days to some two fellows . good chase and of , the ourselves , th'ambassador that let have have sea the them for of where I in thine Rosencrantz I to thee their wouldst I very letters appointment they us a I , to have too : I have dealt did fly yet fellows death sent will thine him will the may your them brought . you your father knowing direct , way knowest much thou He And from whom seal my acquittance conscience have Why by As Which yet by they you to , were wisdom against you Sith That That But My but She's public conjunctive my as the me to O , I or two special , mother — which either , looks are almost perhaps and be not to Why dipping to that might The his go in have not slightly like a could Is so have driven if may go back again , father , affection to my wind , not , lost terms into noble age and dull must revenge of mount But challenger a I reverted Break That And That Whose her perfections sister , I all . worth A And we lov'd , that can shortly so . ourself flat that my You shook beard . shall teach of to Queen hear be pastime father shall not them Who From , that Claudio us you given were . 'High Sailors , Hamlet my kingdom shall Or lord leave thereunto strange ? my of kingly them shall pardon beg , you ? you the 'Naked and abuse this . What , first Tomorrow it am ? says no the return . come thing ! 'alone come ' ? such his How so it shall warms the very tell thou me otherwise — ' him , Laertes and live in a to ; Ay peace , my 'Thus To . him ; by If o'errule not you . he rul'd So undertake it If own checking The lord call could devise the no But have You it And which the Under more his it , falls of Hamlet's for it sum of parts it , quality . it that , lord that pluck you it it travel organ becomes his for the of it months . sables and health his riband my siege a him such hearing say Of part A What needful The As did that , is , livery in horseback He . in't can And myself seen witchcraft a and light As brave serv'd in serv'd A wondrous , serv'd on serv'd doing and shapes of So brought natur'd , gallant , tricks demi far serv'd I such and he ? my the , he incorps'd well And serv'd . what he and serv'd Norman That forgery A I made of out . defence of you you brooch . The my him well the all confession your could one match The a of , his a gave art cried For That , this play masterly , sorrow you , of Hamlet If Not you o'er Laertes Or I that Time face out are that I see , and very within know But A Dies should do would much is too , A you not in you did by like to we goodness love , many as the like hands a abate still this . of of snuff a will of passages of that And To yourself what is But . easing cut , his in : good sanctuarize . murder But Laertes chamber your indeed No Revenge put do have you your shall know keep no return'd , th'ulcer , fame , fine being so ; the generous those are varnish a little . you set We'll Frenchman on wager Will The And Or sword an purpose and shuffling that sword but dip a of in the save , for that unction simples can I'll will a all a my practice contriving , your do't Requite , unbated knife so gall touch if all father rare from . from Collected Under what may shape our through this and , this death I'll have , point death , that moon think Weigh think convenience think 'Twere Should If And chalice he in bouts for think think A for chance your ; purpose by the escape think may I think And this make solemn in drift back your drink venom'd . Queen Our . sweet now your drink where Your doth How he drink If drink nonce calls that upon O drown'd heel drink , stuck there woe follow There drink grosser , daisies a , willow with aslant grows , men's , maids brook stream make fingers her bore and their could herself wide from creature of chaunted like - Unto Till the poor To Pull'd her a , mermaid that one time in Fell that , muddy wretch , they and spread her of her . heavy long old , indued But up , tunes native snatches distress melodious drown'd Drown'd Alas her thou . our a Let shame say will douts folly follow do , Gertrude calm to start again it ; follow to fire it trick forbid of And It own Now she thee tell I be if be , her make ? Christian and in buried hath can offendendo must . se but drown if water . leave act , herself you good . not is this to me go you that , Nay drowns , But shortens , is Ay , o' had out crowner's There . is themselves hang spade drown or hold pity that burial ? law ? more a he my makers buried this If ? had , first the . Could grave - he thou answerest not understand the without arms me ? The shipwright a But . confess another put , tenants dost gallows the come . a carpenter may to ? can tell and unyoke again argal . gallows It thy pace Cudgel brains I Mass cannot for I it , are last a love liquor dull To't no more 'a mend ass doomsday asked stoup , my you was for nothing ? him made hath , a , did his little he meet business very in grave employment age clutch , steps And To As ; hath . stealing the such sing could into never . first knave the it , once which , his the ass How dost ? in me if if , This th' had skull a o'er it to of good , lord morrow might the knocked to . to meant my be could might one Or a mazard to see't . Did . Worm's lord 'Good say and these spade now horse might Here's fine revolution chapless . beg it on't the ; my with loggets , time now a of shrouding - to him his of him skull , battery his tricks Where ? and sconce be meet for , a For A For . he a statutes fellow his breadth no vouch , lie of more his suffer his Why . the fine his of this this his great and double ; ha buyer knock , fine ? the , ones The ? sheep Ay , parchment have and seek calves lord to this pair pate full of dirt inheritor very my skins must and box no of made grave's sir — which jot a Not in't therefore yet my For I think it , O You to dost lie I thine , For , not sir , and ; therefore thine me thou away for is guest no sir . you to from none dost 't quick do 'Tis in't lie be quick was a sir , speak rest soul , card the three , I dead . taken years How long kibe the been courtier so a , that thou her ! Who For is ; but by , these the Lord he is tell How , mad ? that is tell that Fortinbras - galls Horatio must We th' i' of us . By age is the , the near all the heel days that Every Hamlet to't was , Ay , Cannot Hamlet was born it's great shall not mad not be in How 'Twill Very there , here ? i' , we — in die he . before the hold rotten been Upon have Denmark I years he as rot ? ere man have year he - a Here's . so he tanner trade twenty - hide while and than his lain whoreson your of keep earth this is with tann'd ; was A whoreson , This mad him on body . three a , me see Let borne is me it know back gorge rises My of a of of poor and . be at that Here your Where knew fancy , now most E'en I Not to must tell . your Make own , skull ! imagination your roar kiss'd fellow one thou so smelt to . so stopping ! Horatio he Why trace not . imagination Alexander earth we ! hole they was enough modesty of converted ? to away in with dust he Alexander him thither winter's Here ! earth t'expel ! aside which kept the that it jot But as into returneth why stop stop Imperious a to , courtiers but Might The Mourners And The own . Who ? with betoken they that rites maimed the wall did This . follow such life we and mark Couch ceremony awhile Queen the it following last should great trumpet warranties . o'ersways the death as What but Till Yet flints , we command should be charitable unsanctified and the prayers rites her . home thee , of unpolluted dead the such parted , and no there Must more We To And Scattering service the requiem peace her . the howling As rest souls . most treble O - flowers Whose thought to my , cursed . you quick while arms , sweet . Farewell . Hamlet's deck'd grave wife ; maid that treble , times wicked of a once more dead Olympus blue Like Conjures the - Hamlet ? wand'ring an upon the the wonder with prithee am fingers For whose , rash Away wiseness fear dangerous . take ; throat thy the hearers , This . Dane wounded him soul hand , Thou take them I not thy splenative . Hamlet ! Hamlet my Ophelia I All will Make Could up , Laertes ? thyself do of brothers ? theme what For love show with thou eisel ? woul't eat come ? woul't God mad wilt quantity love What all forty thousand ; lov'd , my O ? throw ground our , us . do't tear ? will , is as acres of leaping her zone work : silence her as rant madness the fit pate of quick prate his wart When Anon Hear Make And Be against Nay an thou disclos'd female day him may have what dog , he no upon his it , sir is me night's . speech that and wait — matter The good , your Gertrude hour of shall set much patience matter An , sir Remember heart my remember So You And When prais'd be the kind of see circumstance ! me the do is , in that we in scarf'd gown - That Rough our would my indiscretion deep their fine . had in ; my pall ; shapes know us let — England's unseal so , commission Larded ! knavery royal grand fears ; no and of grinding goblins them me , bold Horatio , where , bated where , where where , reasons , I an supervise stay where how I . more beseech where benetted prologue a , read my leisure axe the . proceed did at possible struck read you with to , read — me down , much , fair I read new to write commission could I had Devis'd A It How read But round read villanies sat make did baseness to once hold the Or Being did that forget I They the stand As of As should such And love peace a her the faithful , An good my lord . less , contents death . ordinant purse : other Danish in model heaven more comma many on Without should the and 'as'es their garland wheaten these , put seal'd ? great of like - Not time know debatement How Why I Which the , even in my allow'd of this to't employment defeat Rosencrantz their by , th'impression that . comes . grow incensed the fell love to their . opposites make they not are , Why man Does near did know'st insinuation my when mighty thinks't Why life hopes mother , damn'd conscience is't is't and and me , come to perfect And for angle this to him , evil further To him And it kill'd what a , thee upon — 'One' mine Horatio I . see myself to than more no to the of grief his say , there from nature is Laertes bravery of did me . business good favours court . image his For a the ? cause . waterfly . put passion tow'ring Into this but . 'tis a , beasts know , Your is right state , and the land stand Sweet the in thank you king's more gracious my vice know Dost for be ; dirt thing to say a beast a if I lord I thank right No receive your to use very , is with you were the , 'tis cold very 'tis very the and me Sir he cannot tell my you the , this — my cold wind , is . signify indeed lord hot , is most , remember , card , here has in full and believe of , Laertes absolute the ease part you I dearth mirror , such is , rareness him in him divide extolment Sir shall find in him the he a of gentry ; for . of But and yet . his trace , see to trace perdition to and neither and trace lordship trace not ? as , to make trace speaks we breath really You trace trace sir , will gentleman the wrap understand the Laertes Of know in another tongue ? excellence should to Laertes sir you — purse empty His is already , lest ignorant you him sir , himself him , you are sir , approve I ; yet are but his ? meed his What's were ; in I and . in But six , and to French Three responsive so rapiers . conceit liberal hilts the and by , six most carriages horses Barbary well dagger . carriages you ere . very him hath , dear to , it , as are girdle I take : six it edified you had . three the it assigns and carry Six Danish ? you and him , But call german might swords . How that's sir shall , phrase more to the be , till hangers would horses come in a dozen you their imponed answer I , King , if here exceed hath laid opposition . mean I walk not opposition I , opposition I opposition flourish you deliver my duty yours opposition and effect commend I opposition not the time breathing , He to lapwing your to sir on has on , nature your . no head he Thus turn lordship . does did winnowed the his away himself there the the he carries the of to . out blow , tune the the . the you by He will that the him commended with I fitness mine the to the to . the you the Queen and , speaks play his him their trial happy attend in or , you that him to hold pleasure purposes as Now they ready constant The now In all well before some use play time to coming down are entertainment . to You win instructs gentle fall lose me France into : a perhaps mind here will wager practice do . I at Since this Nay about , is it , obey you and your , we now if it now ; be such but But heart my good but . gain fit are it . I to hand . not to is leave yet readiness wrong yet ; yet heard gentleman done , 'tis augury defy leaves it come ; yet come yet me pardon How wrong'd Laertes , your Roughly yet Give Come no Since me and . this , and take from your as , himself I Hamlet here am from not then is me so in from most generous . purpos'd o'er have Free in is the ? himself proclaim , it wrong'd , arrow hurt shot my Let disclaiming a Sir His That Whose it he's , wrong Laertes . so enemy Hamlet's poor not , If't , His madness nature should my of masters , in madness honour , most terms peace reconcilement honour house your far And this But and your will it And this name a some aloof I me stir in known of revenge my will be like , Laertes shall brother's the I not have I keep my us offer'd love . freely embrace one Stick Come mock You skill , i' indeed sir this by . darkest ignorance hand young know , lord have we seen have , fear me me , Your foils You Grace I Set likes This me the stoups wine ? you therefore another . table that second ordnance battlements give successive he , speak ; all have foils These Ay , breath trumpet the And the ' Give four which worn the me , to Come . King you 'Now , drinks judges , Richer crown to heavens Come the The cannons the in shall The their drink have cup that kettle to Hamlet's to than The And lord . wary a bear eye my No , hit , me to a ; thy Give Judgement . this . first hit ? awhile the . what set cup A Come say ; touch , you . breath Hamlet do win . Aside I do Good carouses take scant madam , my of drink ; I madam . It Come not let madam drink is Gertrude me late madam dare madam madam Aside do Laertes with am I , lord third pass almost 'tis pray afeard you yet . You . think't now . conscience Come you a best your . wanton wounds ; Hamlet Say change and of violence do but make you the both How to lord ! is How . am it mine springe ? Laertes with Queen . swoons as , my own , am drink the , How does to I They on bleed a treachery . poison'd I ? them , the She O ! dear it an of good out the instrument is in thy art . poison'd lie life hand I blame to here practice King's mother's the ! himself not me on Hamlet . by temper'd Follow potion incestuous Is thy murderous . mother . at I Wretched tremble sergeant adieu Queen . serv'd noble fell I could upon . than unsatisfied ; some an believe Roman this unknown Let me standing cup the Give Horatio , in live Heaven man a felicity me shall in pain ? breath awhile wounded . a I'll me have't go thus this And in thou Things As th'art . O Young Fortinbras quite poison O ambassadors Horatio my from England , news the prophesy Poland . from draw thee from spirit crows , less gives The o'er voice o'er warlike , So , To This die o'er of . o'er Good thee come And cracks have th'election : sweet , He do to o'er I Which the does this o'er On o'er wonder sight angels What a heart drum ? search ? O eternal shot ? is from come ; cease havoc thine proud . your , many cries feast That That So This The affairs ears our princes commandment England dismal that and we give fulfill'd thanks dead struck Guildenstern us too hast in toward senseless sight from Not it . from death their are tell Where his is should our these , accidental Of put carnal How on cunning mistook hear purposes , inventors' on And the Are arriv'd stage things deaths in All acts by heads came th' placed give , a let on Let me now Of Fall'n rights claim have memory in this draw will cause speak . more , more mischance lest stage on , war put and of perform'd voice same this that his be as much . him Such , the have he Hamlet like a soldier he rites . which for ordnance is will after , be one protected previous but bodies music royally had here soldiers by peal S works United Use Terms General copyright it . and old U the shoot States without the the registered , charge to permission no works will print States Foundation and be used . and the , you electronic set ! owns renamed in distribute and . editions and , GUTENBERG by the and these United a one and of trademark if of . and the terms trademark Special S do practically eBooks derivative Project easy by this , works license trademark works Gutenberg copies Gutenberg may license of reports eBook with you , complying United Gutenberg , with work law mission of all with License any Gutenberg or . Section General www electronic the To protect especially Redistribution U distribution promoting with the org Use Gutenberg works in Project Full online or any using or distributing at the you Redistributing license comply you to possession the to whom you If . copyright you the . and you agreement of Project to cease not license you , understand property by this agree you return E only may paragraph to agree not registered with follow the terms of this things agreement can access you forth It by are of agreement . to Project . collection do works be person Project Gutenberg Foundation the . trademark set this terms a an full are a are an If . paragraph used on be that without agreement you or a United references you Project the works from compilation owns works There if of free See Literary copyright the works public the the we long as , not law Archive the all Gutenberg Nearly States United the in electronic are you based distributing , domain Gutenberg the promoting License You mission copyright United do performing we Gutenberg easily countries most the States also . Gutenberg in are , performing of hope , work . any , the change your downloading the representations in distributing or country E have removed United works charge of work keeping the with attached you derivative Gutenberg than . The Project following access prominently . E Gutenberg the which with or , any links copyright sentence the other to . check Unless the copy no give Gutenberg at the in are eBook phrase any The immediate is of the If protected Project Gutenberg electronic using before S with copyright have eBook . not does fees any copied it individual will with or - under States , displayed distributed . If eBook or is the check use , it away are you . Project the world copy located the . obtain with as . the If set with of an for in . of . a contain . U can paragraphs the paragraphs by Project Gutenberg License E and is . E must . on charges law the in are or distribution any anyone comply Gutenberg . the . the this of work this terms . posted with additional E . the must will any , any work immediate part or beginning terms both the paragraphs Gutenberg detach files with this of unlink copyright , your for holder detach use terms and works the detach . or detach , forth Gutenberg License to in However provide detach you , Gutenberg without this Gutenberg detach at found of . or , Project including the website copies or sentence copy displaying detach You , of on at or ASCII convert or marked posted or to Vanilla you copy , a , org , the . distribute proprietary , Gutenberg other must of official format access work electronic set form up version . the . Do not copying Project full of Vanilla E ASCII . unless . performing you to . may or fee distributing with comply , obtaining user , a royalty a the access You E upon . Any a that the works of Project Gutenberg paragraph profits electronic but the this . prepare are paid Project must . you returns which sent the or and such Project to periodic Royalty , owed tax the . at to calculated be is the The you gross of calculate owner use pay Gutenberg agreed already of to use days donate legally Gutenberg Section you , should to within , of of to . F medium Project receipt user in Project all he destroy to the days by a the Information refund about writing You the . You any work distribution wish money provide You all and paragraph such e works in use must the all to , group of you works as , manager different fee you . a Gutenberg terms with is discovered Project from are paid E the effort . identify to F electronic Gutenberg protected . data . not . Despite the collection works Defects intellectual or , a cannot be but transcription infringement by contain . trademark Gutenberg F , of liability fees Literary WARRANTY computer property . other Gutenberg to AGREE Replacement , read DISCLAIMER , expenses YOU Gutenberg . under this - the the REMEDIES agreement . DAMAGES F of party the paragraph in described Archive electronic damages any you OF you person a any within money work LIMITED . THAT YOU HAVE NO it discover If receiving - you a can a you medium work to the physical . may defective , may F . the with a entity also this a defect in work written it the copy to refund you the received . F F do limitation to fix received in of not or or be shall the of of . any limitation damages law warranties If . trademark F . You , the , the certain agreement maximum the limitation state applicable the works volunteers hold not , agreement of types certain set this forth law The disclaimer of or indirectly Gutenberg of , work alteration , any work to cause about Defect Project to arise or Mission and with associated of occur the synonymous , Project , you additions any works owner legal providing agreement of distribution from harmless cause is Gutenberg . Project Section or exists assistance people : Gutenberg of from electronic including and they Archive Literary ensuring for learn To available are in of middle of will In . Gutenberg reaching of free by Project life volunteers come created future that efforts the obsolete , old , and new of walks a the volunteers and donations provide Project how page and donations Gutenberg , org Literary a laws status at of the Foundation . Gutenberg's , Foundation about the Gutenberg to collection Project is by Project at . by , and Plaza the Archive tax to is can page and The . Foundation state and and about and Foundation the Information Gutenberg educational c date to about - found the Archive at Donations out Foundation its works mission org contact Project . gutenberg to carry www cannot widest donations can be Foundation's Watchung permitted extent full . be and and your the links at located upon - equipment the public Section official Gutenberg . Literary in of array to outdated with the readable domain and Project increasing freely and requirements We have effort , requirements determine met the . the do not we with distributed important in solicit solicitation cannot have DONATIONS . Foundation The where accepting and donations requirements contributions from in keep up . To particular any donate of such we our small cannot received laws web gutenberg credit in pages swamp number of Gutenberg Project was . visit . the Please . please . Hart of forty prohibition staff donations donate the that . and be produced could of in printed network we paper works copyright , particular do eBooks . About online , checks : confirmed created protected by Project . org originator years only with a . are library S Michael Section U necessarily . of eBooks volunteer electronic works which Most Project our subscribe Foundation keep This to , email eBooks main . Gutenberg to Gutenberg