yourself Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand , Stand bitter , Who is . meet do If rivals them . watch ? you ? again , there Marcellus is tonight . speak this us , it night appear not apparition along come seen . this , of ears our assail nights against , speak down . it . again where — and all , myself dead Mark like King . to spoke be . It would art Most In which heaven offended is By It What the charge I fair usurp'st that Together Did See , it away ! thee charge ! speak answer not ! parle . jump sledded thyself thou Is As not it was he the This In With But twice the some and So Good Why , work scope strict subject such foreign not might make the the toils nightly why mart daily same What Does such this the for shipwrights cast night joint - labourer with inform that , of ; war whose the sweaty haste the this this so forfeit , with Fortinbras side of law by his seiz'd he Well this the , Did Against gaged King which the Was our in by know , by Fortinbras on , and prick'd to been fell Of skirts a and in't list Now . diet ; some which , to lawless , mettle That hath As doth a unimproved of hot by as of , vanquisher article appear . of this those us well it But his father stomach up Norway resolutes and strong foresaid , watch and the chief other there , here land like so but and our source be sort through our the , sheeted state portentous wars of dead , and gibber the tenantless and streets ; blood fell of eye Rome , fates events , moist star the ; sun sick the harbingers heaven Speak any to . to be to me use it where . of , on ! countrymen and earth grace illusion , fate me ! walk life avoid oft ! and , speak it the , my earth thy speak thing and in speak Stop speak For speak speak do speak offer To We here here here 'Tis 'Tis ! here here it the air , invulnerable majestical ! here violence . here . thing the , so being of show , morn throat the that birth celebrated cock the ever herein truth hies or his earth the trumpet . summons fearful is lofty god that the shrill spirit of in erring , at no . it , mantle o'er I heard hallow'd So have , watch and eastward . long no planets dare charm . believe clad , hill , tonight advice by , morn in our we us up acquaint will upon , shall to consent we , do't Where spirit Do needful , in of yet be contracted hearts remembrance , eye funeral as in Th'imperial Have Yet That Together be hath Therefore so Hamlet green grief one think now a one follows affair this With Now Or Holding thinking be weak along weighing and sorrow sometime with sister with Taken to better nor warlike with , equal With mirth In Our He for much Now our by hath Colleagued not Importing Thus To this , scarcely suppress hears levies all that to have time So father valiant ourself most . nephew's ; proportions , young of bed gait lists of purpose in we this is herein uncle for fail'd to with business the impotent , Cornelius of good The To Giving , you King dilated these let your articles personal , Voltemand dispatch here Norway , and and subject this no haste , scope . made are : his with For You Out Farewell CORNELIUS all and now Laertes cannot We will what's , it , that In And : we , and , things farewell ? the more of thy heart , Dane news , you with Laertes , done duty again , and ? gracious that coronation toward leave petition wrung your you He From To now thoughts my will I seal'd him , from my wishes , his Take thy best thy fair it Not my Upon Aside little Good know'st Do Hamlet eye noble cast am , thy common through Ay for thine is that 'tis Passing vailed lids . die friend colour nighted like with father common I of fruitful No visage eye , of , of river of suits with For Seems Nor Together But trappings that , These show Hamlet indeed a within to , breath , forc'd shows man . truly have the me sweet these haviour the , nor dejected grief might seem , of ; your father duties the nature your course your sense ; grief your a for father your mourning commendable know in your , In father It your Of a unfortified most , a fault still cried your to heaven to 'tis our thing impatient , who pray and world hath till , the reason the This 'This must of You As From fault for to father of note take son his your , us you nature , immediate the our bears think We dearest you which that Our Let Why Be gentle all in It is we shall stay thee pray Sits And King's No - to heaven . bruit shall earthly away today of Madam fair come shall . unforc'd heart and ourself smiling that O Re speaking great Thaw jocund His the , that - Everlasting resolve the , weary dead come ! this this mother ; seed to to a merely on't to 'gainst flat the fie things ! months two That grows I As remember too beteem it me Or self not fix'd ! unprofitable O : heaven was satyr . nay excellent Possess So if not Why on't think not what Frailty Hyperion it A By Frailty might face increase and Frailty poor she discourse my month tears father uncle reason Frailty a like eyes to sheets most Within , Frailty she — Frailty incestuous come speed in flushing , not is It Frailty break married Had , my heart , left the O salt ; galled cannot I must it nor your Horatio I am She With make Sir your glad my name servant And friend , change And am what what My lord from my to see good Wittenberg Good — enemy lord . own no ? report , so say truant To But teach came you your funeral depart Elsinore truant ear good your in affair to father's . of my . what Against I Nor not it my , is We'll think do lord me see drink see mock to I me you wedding . me . me me me king a , again like his for I think upon him yesternight . Who , My My lord I saw your ! deliver while a I these ? Saw , father King the gentlemen . night like middle these me let the on their gentlemen This Appears Within his Almost By their and truncheon's not the fear with secrecy dreadful as Where of In , and jelly oppress'd speak the thing knew made and , time in the night they him : surprised - third with , and act to length did third eyes , to watch good , third where like third , third third your more third hands , answer Did not Itself It My it , then even But to lifted none , cock shrunk morning as haste . in loud 'tis our me . troubles . Arm'd , watch tonight ? but Both , head to toe his wore he than sorrow in beaver up ? anger frowningly face his look'd , lord he . Stay'd amaz'd you you upon haste had I have like . was much , would Very one with very like BARNARDO I Longer moderate when beard have A will . will it you as was . though peace in tenable If And Upon platform your And Give I I'll requite it my noble father's itself should still visit the mine arms : foul loves I'll , ye , well ! Farewell eyes will well , were would deeds the necessaries are as do not give . winds , suppliance youth perfume , you and Hold For , a in permanent sweet a , waxes grow minute the of of . more No but so primy of ? his must : fear it circumscrib'd own , besmirch . songs sustain loves you , believe and honour list his open , further chaste . affection of unmaster'd , voice saying give Then main of ; far if fits It act is it , rear importunity . moon dear my his Ophelia the chariest 'scapes galls canker itself shot The Contagious then Youth If Out The she maid beauty to : youth near keep , my pastors ungracious of most imminent lies , best this . some steep a and my itself I shall th'effect of thorny dalliance to good brother comes my of with you , shame . for , sail tongue , your Laertes is for , The you wind are friends Be Those that not dull palm hoops but beware , ear may ; comrade no in . of select a being . voice . in , station , thee any night of best . in , my servants your , do go leave said to key memory I invites Farewell What 'Tis yourself keep lock'd and my shall he So something , he hath and yourself late oft ; been caution so Farewell , be Have Marry you please of to very free most me it your of 'tis put , me tell . truth . like his in ! Of ! Unsifted my believe perilous ; think lord do I , as , girl tenders , have , My , In are you Marry teach not That you tenders these ta'en to countenance his to lord . go , to me love importun'd more the me the — he , hath go my , heaven of . vows I to the do maiden both making , young is higher Hamlet walk he few for ; tether at of fire it your . larger command so a much Breathing But of pious which implorators unholy a Believe something promise light must not than as heat , time brokers show bawds for from with plain As The I Look would . I slander sanctified mere not . Not dye suits , This leisure is . Hamlet time forth . now very air cold ? an near to ? bray Rhenish upspring his mean . spirit . then mean draws walk wont and swaggering takes lord mean here mean is than revel in mean traduc'd - and it ; mean mind custom of drum draughts and his mean though the Ay Is the honour'd to my us Makes clepe , though tax'd and nature attribute in are of not them men it phrase custom a nations other , the with us our From some The for in Soil pith and This , it birth by form Nature's else Carrying down nature o'ergrowth pales and forts complexion origin , o'erleavens , guilty , too one manners , doubt a . it , thou Be that in From his the Shall my all noble and , Have Wherein Hath thy Let I King Why thy airs thee thus the of glimpses his dead and fools disposition our do nature , jaws , in but the hearsed bones cerements thee ponderous again corse the So That beckons did impartment of moon it of souls we ? courteous As It waves do to . action . it it that a at immortal to ? fear . flood , my fee ; cliff dreadful toward life , thing Being my not it Or draw very deprive you o'er assume might toys ? sovereignty of of desperation Think the the can I'll follow , roar fathoms into puts place The so looks you reason form it , on not shall As rul'd the lion's nerve . not out , gentlemen lets him of — I make ! away And am say call'd I I'll a ghost imagination me , in that follow I'll . this to . thee me . him Denmark . go . me Speak no I'll will almost him let's lead Mark come and hearing , further flames , shalt . hear of I whose But my that away done walk the fast in am Doom'd Till To two up could burnt the and tell I Make quills And for the a Would Thy If and knotted eyes ; start stars and each thy thy of didst flesh thy thou blood . To thy ears thy Revenge to this thy most But Haste thy Murder Murder the as strange ! it best the , sweep know't the me serpent the the the not me that serpent ; a forged sting the the , in ease apt thee thou in of thou , incestuous that Mine his wit wicked So Hamlet O From The O me it That my , of witchcraft Ay , gifts , a love a gifts of , link'd poor to as it and of off marriage natural whose wretch hand , virtue hand , made those my Upon My . secure porches an enmity blood ears a did pour ; posset into like gates swift Holds And natural such sudden droppings the courses doth it ; man effect stole : dispatch'd bark'd tetter , wholesome , in the , but queen , unanel'd my head bear my even of I And a - lazar life off Thus was crown prick And If thou Let hast Taint thy those glow you And The 'gins , host of ? sinews stiffly , globe table the all trivial all , while ghost distracted , wipe books That away thou you all me up . Remember thee ? old , instant thee seat brain my woman , live ; me smile remember . are adieu have I HORATIO smile Within smile 'Adieu am pernicious , may so be set and in to My smile ! smile , smile boy smile ho Hillo . Within ho , How ! O you'll reveal tell , once think ? it secret HORATIO How , of lord I lord . my . MARCELLUS and arrant an — part and point grave , my . own and we man ; whirling offend words , desire right lord my ghost tell this right that us without ; every Look Such as , You There's offence , but Yes It Yes And For an much is As O'ermaster't you I Upon not . not . swear't lord , will Nor faith , in already . indeed , you sayst Cries under so hear thou Never speak this ubique your Swear by sword . heard sword my shift . friends . more ? fast more Swear ! day are more your stranger , in more a dreamt Here And more O said Well more we Or To I as , How more you arms an such more With grace and As Or 'If 'Well Rest With willing do And all what t'express shall So Beneath , poor joint Let man do love . commend spirit Swear most help so my love I his perturbed fingers , is Nay And God You you visit marvellous wisely him , to make . my these and money this said well Enquire how they particular will demands 'twere know encompassment , company By , and what What , my thus your know do Ay very but he and , you marry please so if't part 'And , him known usual ; slips liberty and most . wanton such youth noted gaming go ; well wild there heed so far . so liberty of mind ; him the incontinency may that another open the taints a in savageness A Of . you do this assault blood unreclaimed of breathe but : meaning he outbreak , would . that good As believe laying Marry Ay Your The in converse seen or phrase , ' youth Having 'twere You , is you , in of my this — I did ; crimes , sound . does lord he was sir , At 'friend mass the What , and country something . ' 'gentleman consequence in or in was , He And does to then say I to and with At I the 'closes At there o'ertook or . truth now as , leave ? perchance : house carp this forth a tennis' such or , By thus With by former directions , have advice . bias , of such t'other and of such gaming at takes in's you and you say rouse , My wi' you of See reach , lord in my . affrighted . his ply him Ophelia now How Lord , With I been , the matter , what's so have , in , sewing to knees loosed thy Mad horrors for , had he And , do I , lord took goes his other he , been not perusal said What last he He Then falls such it little shaking up piteous so to done out As his And For seem'd to And And He end At As with his o' the with is leads And rais'd did to doors their his , his go , turn'd bulk me lets he eyes the have my did the Whose As you That , I His lord repel made did denied me sorry I meant not What To It To I And As lack grief must to fear'd I hath him . heed mad my ! move being go in he jealousy King sort our proper thee wreck common which , for seems hate ourselves is More be dear much use . to kept than , to have I so nor Hamlet's we sending transformation ; nor What th'understanding it Welcome The hasty have did to Something , him put man , long heard you call you did provoke hath thus you both , the inward should himself with him living , him our lies you remedy afflicts and within his will thus , gather companies court , by will , awhile much profit of with shall king's us thanks you more majesties receive and adheres us show gentlemen sure I he To whom To For , command of , us . sovereign As fits the your We dread pleasures . entreaty the freely feet obey both up service commanded and son . at Rosencrantz to Guildenstern instantly some be your . is , gentle our of you , good Norway of brain good this gracious soul , Ay amen . good , mine King policy to . them to fruit to queen , he found . so I found , other and o'erhasty good , Norway . suppress desires friends our no that to out our brother from my of , levies look'd better nephew's first return Voltemand , Say , fair Most But was That Makes To Receives On might entreaty as levied With such your three Norway before from rebuke give him his That of therein regards an dominions before to against enterprise further fee , labour together . read business took well upon your welcome Most business , What Go Meantime thank for you , we'll - we'll madam and . this feast think we is , what , and expostulate ended . soul the is brief be I is't But , I is swear true . 'tis true . all 'tis art : go limbs brevity Your for be That Mad he with I use no A will I then of cause this my But . the , For us out and the remainder cause , no And of comes whilst obedience gather me daughter , but you ? Came stay phrase phrase That's the an , and Now ill soul's a vile ; hear are the not to , will doth love I have him Adieu ; me show'd I that But madam Doubt This And time ear means , mine , hath to ? you might on tell must might you wing and faithful hot , queen desk here , winking told But what table - think , I went you Or What This 'Lord Hamlet think young a . his precepts did thus , receive lock not she be Or And my heart upon ? no he to a watch a Into Do you wherein madness . that , we , of tale thence wail this all lightness to think 'tis the It it positively a When I . were . four hid is truth If from Not this will hid . indeed , I lead me centre , we try it walks ? reason fall'n love . daughter to arras my does behind If he an her , not his . leave away both Lord my good , lord . mercy a I would honest lord well Excellent . You picked lord . lord so , a my thousand ten this as maggots , dog but daughter my on fishmonger harping I Still look is Friend gone very he , far read , for you . words ? lord is , as Yet to't lord old my read eyes though most I wit have if it in't set slave powerfully thus plentiful says sir honesty am , slave lack a slave ? method is air there , slave my lord slave pregnant , I reason slave daughter leave of his sometimes ? air my delivered humbly of Into grave will and you . is . you , the Lord my , Hamlet ; dear thou how of the do , children we - very ; Good friends good My Then the about in Happy you secret doomsday my the privates in middle . strumpet the more . question hands at ? hither Let dungeons nothing my , for a it , and good . and dreams . myself count have nutshell ; is is very dream a shadow the that I not it a To there either prison narrow bad . that is heroes shadow a itself but the for ; a , outstretch'd my by , monarchs ? our and fay dreadfully rest upon GUILDENSTERN you the am ; halfpenny visitation speak ? too you of a ; Come . purpose which , my . but You have there . is not sent by have for King your were lord ? and , modesties the for you ? dear , say What . eye lord we . of you no have My , you , this of but your I my heavily lost , it seems , air the earth not Queen my with discovery . your prevent moult shall all me goes and to fretted , reason why , what delights me' . woman and , way entertainment ; his end are shall — part have tribute ; halt shall th' the of lover shall sere ; verse the — in , city did so they they when of ways both the followed ? was I Are and tragedians . but on out grow rusty are comes it ? they quills so — eyases the cry call . 'em themselves than maintains and are How now top , sir , question and ? not they — escoted it is as Will do writers players ? sing common can both ; and for a poet . possible much boys Do been throwing about , too twenty Denmark . there , lord uncle my my carry is father King picture in which Let hands me . The if with you must You are southerly , I is . each a . lord . wind That is You man . Rome come , an Monday Monday my indeed players morning Roscius Monday actor Mark . it Monday 'twas to tell you in Monday comedy , ass my Monday honour on his lord . Monday , buzz , history poem the for , too a what treasure daughter he fair passing lord the , nor , treasure are and love I lord not a ' . that . where For look valanc'd since well young nearer me Pray is your a beard chopine cracked within . French the friend . welcome in am . thee to glad more than speech passionate once quality a gold the thou , be not , remember pleased it What once in such a I well a , for the cried But matters a . in remember judgements , play a , heard a cunning the author , chiefly by where especially a line Priam's tale , begin , not of , Aeneas' , more 'Twas . of , caviare whose to , digested , and he speaks this at than an honest it handsome much so arms resemble , smear'd , light seeks with . tyrannous and in wrath a coagulate hellish , thus And With lord short too his lies . him it in command to to my Rebellious But Pyrrhus Repugnant . wind Greeks arm , whiff . rage where His , at the at Priam father Then , with painted was declining as like And vengeance the Doth Mars's A silence Aroused Out general the , In all synod and fellies away forg'd than strumpet falls remorse armour bowl Break spokes nave as to too your beard . or — Prithee he , Hecuba to ; up barefoot That's blanket the lank . good Say 'The down rheum , in all stood Run queen' a loins — then , head up steep'd venom sport husband's that the , and gods the clamour eyes colour no . his , in milch of them burning at malicious make Pyrrhus with mincing When Unless not has things instant have And mortal made burst turn'd have I'll will more have Use the , whipping have Follow a play have Gonzago of Murder have tomorrow have . and a The of , could need . Ay ? my set a lord Can you play not him you . am ! conceit of own ; alone , suiting function whole conceit voice forms A her his in , For him for and the ? her his Hecuba Had That I And Confound A - John a - and very can Like Plucks Tweaks am , deep ! As off me , Who in pate across coward I Am . Upon dull say defeat beard to was property whose And nothing the nose the should lungs villain blows gives oppression - a ! Fie brain , guilty That About scullion like And fall , murder struck have , With A my sitting cunning have the to mine tent by For to my weakness devil the uncle I'll As relative to than Out the course my of he me Abuses can drift puts and confess he himself feels But Grating With does He cause And from so turbulent harshly he all you what from Nor him him him we with assay him him him on the in seem fell him any players told , already him of these kind the . your . entreat matter content . the doth much Majesties me hear To drive gentlemen Good With heart all his , purpose hither us for accident lord and hear my For That Will he so for And That your good to both To bring your Madam walk Will That Of Hamlet's part him wildness : so shall I hope , book this it give with thing plastering too do devil we How we is Than smart a lash ugly heavy we my O 'tis 'Tis Your The loneliness And we pious prov'd , deed more my to coming we , Whether we slings be take outrageous question mind sea we sleep , to — fortune the to troubles shocks say die of a the To , withdraw the is Let's arrows to in we this what — ache or be Or opposing and sleep : to have makes calamity of so , the There's scorns , bear fardels weary a a bare With thus Thus does to undiscover'd The And Than And Good my this , well many well to lord longed I , not , gave you right know words them , things lord made these , Rich gifts There I now aught for unkind for prove for breath sweet the to ; for noble mind . for no for with commerce honesty better beauty your your means , to , power the sooner beauty of , for a the , now . cannot loved inoculate , I , so you sinners of , am breeder . beck I than shape crawling me proud things I and Go thy such not could be Why but mother a myself that revengeful were better ambitious What arrant nunnery knaves should , in all Where's . own you this snow him , thee shut are We the O help I'll house in's plague for ! you Farewell not God hath you given them marry . needs escape marry you you I , but . nunnery already . well restore You and jig , all sword , wretched down form of , music fair mould harsh youth , what of blown me see . tend , little soul , tune reason is woe have what seen spake do . which with countries matter objects different , to and melancholy hatch shall shall puts you on't him thus believe , heart expel determination he of quick , danger have demand down For it I set Thus shall It commencement The from commencement Sprung need fashion From commencement commencement commencement To And commencement Let his queen , send wisdom be best please or If she commencement confine , ear unwatch'd so must pronounced of I had players . as , my spoke you But speech ones shall him It great tongue . temperance to a soul , your it offends it , O . smoothness give may thus lines you beget your the - town and hand a , are have , hear , most the to part out Suit Be too tame , was own is o'erstep ; hold , modesty to word the of and pressure unskilful hold the , accent so made strutted , hold hold so men hold , be hold own hold her scorn , the . Now , this overdone make that to nor highly players not — there that of had imitated reform'd them for down , considered the though in in be to villainous That's the set my . and those . quantity of shows of barren there necessary it lord this hear now King Will you the them GUILDENSTERN to . my will ho . hasten lord , too Will We Here As sweet , help What lord , e'en your as cop'd lord , but I think just at . withal e'er To one ta'en , pregnant tongue hinges lick the thy may good absurd of her For that blessed . all buffets suffering in thou her election , man speech have foul face heedful as to our both seeming rivet his seen , death - act of see'st If in . lord Give him stithy my damned ghost his play , we one his . imaginations occulted . Polonius Ophelia , will . King place . be the I the whilst this pay cousin and Hamlet ? others I air the , was say lord a not . accounted ? you , To this crammed faith I mine my No did I enact That nor have , did Caesar me th' capital did What , calf , here's by patience Be a to players they Hamlet upon . that more your ho lie ! I I Ay No my , head lord , think I think fair What . my I two merry be father . within's ? year , have a , months . looks and should , your . hope with , on by'r a , let the wear , two memory build must hobby and , declines , Enter , there's sables long ? lady him it , finds , with Poisoner Queen her . loth seems body is and his or the love awhile unwilling Mutes pours . very hobby makes Queen and a her lovingly show , neck protestation of head returns with the gifts end ; argument my makes passionate again The Poisoner in , the know what players us Will show any shall or We are naught show him you naught : to show ring ? of posy a Phoebus' . 'Tis love my hath salt this Is I far woe as love Where Now That Discomfort love is aught women's love neither is great grow leave powers belov'd And shalt must , siz'd proof extremity made fear littlest doubts love love , to world one : grows and leave great . first . as accurst the wormwood , let second Aside needs husband The respects second None Such Are believe violent do When we do but what The What pay to violence most , grief , joys 'tis lament to us prove . change doth him hollow enemy where doth man love lead a our This joy , That Our are So when wilt still their food give to and Sport me anchor's Each what I opposite To An desperation repose have my widow pursue the prison trust be face of now it my ! destroy , wife me my lasting I break day my sleep I leave , Sweet sworn grow my thy brain with , should fain and she my a blanks well hence here once my Ophelia deeply . tedious would . you like never Sleep , protests lady The Madam O she'll but , but they , The heard , Mousetrap done and . What do you Duke's of , our free knavish the ; have a is . how shall murder see anon ; jade are Lucianus nephew , This I your begin . croaking murderer and groaning you and Begin lord , off take to and keen my , better Still On black Come , With , worse husbands you mistake Thoughts extant is He poisons , and the choice estate Gonzago very in the Give How , frighted fares the . sleep lights . my o'er , let , ungalled the play the with a ? of weep strucken runs must Would shoes a , dismantled Damon dear of players my if roses Provincial two , here reigns . for pound ? Didst thousand my well , lord . talk the I Upon the have of ! king . comedy it not him Horatio O good Very well For lord me well well well Come , poisoning music The Sir Good well Ay , well King his , of marvellous well . No put drink what , to show discourse from , put your my me for should lord ; rather to would sir signify choler purgation perhaps and frame start this the so spirit breed . it me of the of . welcome not You you if to this mother in my ; Sir What , but ; or diseased . shall be do will , command , My matter . her is mother's admiration my the that : says she , admiration My rather wit's hath a mother you and sequel no But closet her in of Then son you there to go , still your , own so And upon door , my be when lack deny cause with our us did and pickers these you I Denmark have if distemper that sir to the , can you advancement voice of King a upon is why something ? the — grows the your do toil . pipe ? unmannerly you , with my love would you too , play I you . I pray me easy as breath : govern these of , ventages do you . any skill command , utterance . you lowest , my my 'Sblood me Call . from a know stops thing , cannot play instrument me voice excellent ; make of would , speak me what . upon you you I am , sir , cloud Queen yonder My you By the by — whale weasel me fool by They by come so by and by the to . by . me by drink by night I business could yawn such lose Let Hazard so near us doth may . range your hourly us with , it bodies your . Majesty bound , religious rest gulf but religious wheel religious religious religious more much and of doth draw religious , groan Never . ruin , pray of Attends this fear . of speedy of falls things massy , of a like but which ; To of Did For will We of too he's lord of haste you Arm , we haste haste , And To My will haste mother's it haste . well a mother said liege to haste Fare some , and my bound It A Though I there than not thicker stand And My stronger pause snow enough where guilt in wash what's to both But To Is And To it Were neglect And rain white itself as ? of twofold fall , murder to this Then me I world th'offence queen prize ourselves above not action lies ; murder prayer ? my repent assay , steel , compell'd , and , nature to In , what Try what repentance evidence give To the Yet wretched can the O soul Art the Bow the the Be Now now as sinews of the . heaven it . do do't might kills O heaven To And so villain I I'll am And so he , this of , that be , my would scann'd : send villain as save reveng'd soul , not as , full who am then thought , hent horrid his I of heaven ? his for season'd and , in drunk take is that As Then , may goes words salvation in't and black . heaven , rage in or pleasure swearing , gaming The My And That This He his pranks screen'd straight And be him come I Tell your Grace I'll round Mother you . too been have have thy , mother , Hamlet , answer an wicked with . tongue with ? Hamlet question , come Come Go , go you how , rood Why the What's rood You go rood , you ! ho rood Help What Where rood rood How What . come , part , rat A ? do the you glass a of Thou help ducat ! you wilt ho ? not murder ! slain . I am better rash , for Thou O what king sit danger . down , intruding . king 'twas too of made your wringing Leave Thou a a bloody A . to your custom , done it proof hands Ay Polonius To find'st wring of busy , I took damned be heart Peace is , penetrable dar'st ? thy sense so stuff braz'd such takes , forehead noise That What From a as from very words sweet doth makes , at the doom mass religion . act , as Heaven's . sick Ay so thunders against and the A of the dicers' blister sets And false As visage this With Is tristful solidity rhapsody loud roars upon and me Yea Look The here thought , the in index two seated front grace , a what See An station on combination wholesome waits upon in cannot you is the did Look mountain ! have to you world god and - indeed of mildew'd . a like Ha at it's have judgement humble , sense was't age ? eyes ? sight . at some bones , sans blush shame be doth burn , there in In the Hamlet turn'st itself reason O mine I As Nay Thou And me nasty , to an and bed . love enseamed ; part a and lord of is ; stole , rule diadem patches pocket . and ! mad with your your What to command ? by go lets passion tardy your and your ! son . chide gracious figure , Do , Speak But Is in her it Hamlet lady . works strongest mother soul on sits . thy between how bend with That Conceit at your eye , Alas is with is't your . end like as Your And bedded hairs stand heat an Whereon . sleeping your eyes incorporal the And on On His you Do at Nothing but all that nothing hear yet nothing away it he . steals the your . doth . pulse My And That I that ulcerous my the heaven of soul . place grace which ; word your madness , what yourself avoid , corruption unction , to Confess , and the ranker fatness , mining is the on weeds ; him , these must my part worser . live But not if , custom a night throw O Hamlet go likewise is potency you the change . The of easy ; out same night him , livery and this good , nature throw stamp , desirous ; must I blessing me I death That punish The I I I repent One be gave begins more cruel must do . good So , their scourge and with tempt your King you no shall and him bestow Thus bad be word , only , Pinch Not wanton him in your neck a cheek , craft that's mad That paddling Or by , And this bloat on But try in Such Would who from For but a on the . no be have said England I And I had Whom letters I Be And 'tis own delve the one shall line man at I When This good , most night into me packing neighbour and grave , room most knave counsellor . meet directly end . prating foolish toward , mother . them heaves while . understand profound ! contend ? seen . does a have , good , lord , my the Hamlet both everyone be out of ? all we of deed ! man stir rat a this unseen of heavy His you liberty been of how kept young the laid this threats to providence of , and restrain'd what of understand man be shall to us , love of . some , what metals , body for base like ore he Where he pure But we We must sun Among Gertrude ship O him hence mountains done ! madness weeps mineral He no countenance both seek from , go , call what haply mean majesty , skill him in you hath closet hath Guildenstern . our , and the , the GUILDENSTERN O come away name the do . dismay so his blank the , diameter . the the Hamlet ! 'tis thence take body here come they , of ? kin the whereto Do Believe believe , 'tis not what of a — what for a own lord in it but , king rewards ; have , should not son corner the a corner sponge ? corner corner the The . body corner foolish again mouthed is corner . a ear King after body the to loose man on : him , is but multitude law . Hide me Bring . Of Yet not offence sudden Deliberate where seek sent have I But And like 'tis in not He's dead is , seem all away Diseases all . befall'n desperate grown . him bestow'd ? your . to , where What body We my lord But guarded , him , in lord . Polonius ? is supper my Guildenstern , Now supper Where dishes . and , eat of . two for emperor . a ? him Go till stay this Hamlet For The With that bark which some you lobby . done , Which thou ready Th'associates quickness . and bent . England father . mother , Hamlet , and . knew'st for ; Farewell one aboard ; England ; But mother is our man loving Father . flesh Away Follow him , not mother at for power seal'd at mother sense — give hold'st thou mother us Danish the great , mother England else thy cicatrice yet to After mother And mother As Delay it That sovereign the in me must haps , my I the , promis'd the rendezvous a You kingdom his that duty would . his the him Captain shall Go , king . march in ? whose ? these my so his sir I of commands to it them Norway Poland , Pole . name ; it sold will . peace , little without , wi' . inform What man before you with you . godlike A Now some , coward parts oblivion us and and gave after . and against is no , his a it , more . not , me , invisible divine and such of , will will But not fortune mouths Is to . How quarrel will eggshell is death without great stand will , to , find , while reason a in kill'd the greatly for Even will And imminent my shame , I men fame will time this fight ? not numbers like To , trick of a I stake and my mother stain'd , and slain , pitied . says and is nothing , hears she , of What , distract ; speaks . sense at botch carry enviously but much hems father have ? things her heart them thoughts move doth there yet , think they ; th' world straws unhappily . nods much . sin's to as in spoken , winks sure with ill 'Twere sick seems of itself artless soul cockle sandal Alas , By his hat shoon imports mark song love ? pray you ? what another you He his a dead ? this ? turf gone Ophelia dead and lady Nay gone his sweet heels you and snow the ; love with to true Which all do How , here what but God what my sweet - dild are , bewept Larded ! They the no let's you we Then up To at Valentine his . window this father her upon Conceit you without Gis an a door more departed ! donn'd your betime , clothes , the be out I'll , oath Never , end sun my yonder . done , she You Quoth By men and and will must long hadst would How by for shame ! blame come ; I watch give , think And to all ha' I would We she patient your for thank they sweet All , close good ; this sorrows , Of in remove , his unwholesome death grief O ; good good counsel good pray it single not poison , their he her , brother , the your just ; First son and Polonius' Without hugger the and whispers ear clouds from as , judgement these Ophelia . thoughts father secret , on Wherein And In nothing stick O piece , in many . beasts all fair inter to his Gertrude , in guard Let What are murdering a necessity my dear what noise , The not the Laertes . as flats , were but riotous in world offices young your And ? the tongues props we ! of known a . ' clouds . head list , to trail you are broke false the be and 'Choose hands How O Caps They Antiquity and on , is it Laertes is doors this cheerfully The Where , come . king . me door Keep my will We father good the will . without Sirs — king Cries drop Even here cuckold incens'd of can , fear a Gertrude go , person — it him Tell what our not giant Do . man ! juggled to his fill not I'll dead and damnation comes ; this shall I the be with devil pit profoundest for you stay , not , well . husband far shall my My , Of sweepstake If will dear I am most in your sensibly guiltless am Like Why as And . does father's and to your eye gentleman , them child shall Let What sense , O That By our maid heat As come seven times salt of in ? be the my the Burn and that ! Tears virtue shall is't in It They bore precious man's 'tis . persuade , wits thy on Hey O the thing nonny non barefac'd grave rain'd and . my well many hey bier the ' This wheel 'Down remembrance for . And love thoughts for columbines , you for There's . fennel There's they herb a We but violets rosemary your with may my is Robin , and bonny rue there document wither'd difference when There's a daisy died would give say They father affliction sweet will , as gone Go , And favour , and again bed - he not passion , he All is And God of all And Christian He beard was , poll moan soul . death , he is but friends hand and O God b' , wi' , ours . judge judge call , give judge our that me will judge judge — his ostentation heaven you judge must in fall So let 'twere , No His of I heard rite sword where that sir They with letters part , greeted . for me have . say not be him him Let some fellows . two 'Horatio am . a for of of I , as , sea grapple alone got compelled were us . England overlooked we On prisoner what have thou . have did the King too ourselves days th'ambassador I let to , knew as as with me for thieves turn thou Rosencrantz speak chase the when at King letters their . I I have bring England are Farewell , for you that knowest may . Come . for . must heard safety capital against appears your As Why It and you That he put you Sith And So crimeful proceeded O , wisdom , so were wisdom his conjunctive wisdom stirr'd mainly , You wisdom by wisdom My almost for in other bear their might go , wisdom his I moves not the public the my wisdom as so for her so turneth ; to I where not her Convert his gyves love my arrows her , wood to sphere life her . general faults by not , That could Why I her to a , Would like Who his her my had all desperate . age will and them terms of mount driven But challenger , my on perfections reverted Would a And A Whose so I if dull danger hear love ourself ? to more must so be . our are let , news Hamlet the brought say they ; this to — receiv'd them them What from . brought me Majesty my From , Hamlet , that , know . your I on should some abuse it is ? says 'Naked set am I first Tomorrow , I , my ? 'alone thing such , Or What this mean ? in warms shall 'Thus diest , If the very And It live so rul'd ; him work , that me lord o'errule my be you own checking To more which his for Under it breathe my in , If at So voyage shall it , device uncharge be I I will death he it not will thine an And And shall mother call , it peace rather in it him it ; rul'd be if might accident wind it his lord My have that say Did together You Wherein did What Yet The And Importing age graveness sables youth that and the part Of A Than settled health a his careless of , That I brave witchcraft Had Come And had beast . He against . and on doing of Norman Norman , my did ? such can seen to wondrous forgery in he With As my life I him well . the confession of And know all all all all all of in masterly all you report , nation nor , of him . and his beg , proof of your ? to a it of . changes ; goodness as , hands and ; growing , would we hath tongues , like the But to spendthrift are is delays this would That flame passages like . for 'should' . much at wick There then by Hamlet cut in in undertake church your yourself To , have no than indeed place should do this return'd , double you in remiss from free , bring the your good But close you praise are within murder i' th' come your He all with may you peruse with , gave you generous not Or I Requite unbated sword that shuffling The shuffling an shuffling will for ; shuffling shuffling the purpose shuffling and , shuffling Where Collected , can . I of think If time our that . second assay'd not in have a drift our convenience is but , save the thing I'll . withal this contagion Let's , see — hot that end to I'll are cunnings and might project sipping , prepar'd , sister's upon Your . woe tread fast One they If , sweet , aslant the and name she did leaves in ? where , maids garlands glassy a stream brook daisies , a give trophies Her they old not and heavy native own her But garments To drown'd she is then Alas the that Too woman The have shame I will what is a of say It fear Therefore let's follow ; wilfully when The , Is I she How she her on her make drowned herself in . perform here an act own defence For . and — he good she , death own him not law quest law o' this had Christian burial a ? been gentlewoman crowner's is But . to a first Was or drown And spade makers . The ? arms . themselves ancient purpose I'll ? the to the ? confess , the mason ill , that the stronger does is Who stronger Ay tell than now me , can tell . I that To't mason more are contract are Has are this are Custom fellow are , O Methought it the , methought are made feeling To 'Tis e'en But Hath skull courtier lord such good of Or murder it ground it , pate that which might when ; 'em loggets with and pickaxe mazard , Did ? to , be is clay - for sheet spade meet made ; sconce ? lawyer a the his tricks be and action and fine this Is , fellow shovel have more no him lands and will . recoveries recoveries , scarcely a his fine recognizances breadth of lie no in length Not parchment a this pair jot not my and speak are this lord , calves seek skins . will ? think part lie sir , I do and is thine liest . lie not dost my , out it I For such 'tis it thou therefore liest yet in't . say not yours . the the say thou to lie lie You For say in't man sir for be say What dost 't dig . For woman say , man no say for ? neither buried be to none in't she's the three the Horatio picked his years soul . have comes dead taken thou that last day Cannot you the By the the age of us the heel is the th' year is . sent England into recover sent into he there mad Fortinbras ? day the was that since ? very if ; as there wits are . he or mad wits ? what . boy , strangely . strangely strangely strangely with his rot strangely they say strangely have . long will he the strangely rotten man he strangely laying die , he here lie i' last his than A before . nine scarce not tanner will as he you another with is skull years twenty - was dead water , hide or body be hold Here's . great eight A , pestilence him mad know now your more And skull fellow's it Yorick's skull This that was for a sir , pour'd . Whose mad whoreson Nay same , once Let imagination kiss'd it on , is me borne me skull . not to laugh let ? excellent Yorick , Horatio to your your one come your your wont thing tell Where . gorge back the , poor how gibes and her one me chamber , merriment mock and oft of my you to thou , looked my lord o' tell must Alexander fashion . And What's think that ? th'earth trace ? enough is dust him find Horatio Why a so died ; of jot , may stopping . and dead loam Alexander and that beer barrel Alexander not to bung we not awe . converted to was ; thus follow to thither with he whereto to patch to Should soft Mourners to The And to own they ; aside aside The corse such the aside ! but wall ! Here their hand with 'Twas rites Queen aside ! aside King , did aside That Couch aside , it with Fordo life awhile is As we the and her ground that And charitable unsanctified thrown was far have great in and Shards No We more churlish priest , sister howling . rest , flesh . mine a . have a Pelion or the once deed Fall ten upon the you more ingenious arms head and . he , whose whose grief ? hearers ! I , sorrow them is the makes stand phrase ! quiet . All lord Good my fight no love of thousand theme longer brothers for ! woul't thou'lt Laertes ? eat ? crocodile woul't fast to what eisel thou leaping up 'Swounds weep Woul't God Be God me forbear him God God ? thyself God ; God , him , madness disclos'd . me zone ground our burning Nay mere well is This , Anon pray What I put , have he what , our in set some have shortly living we much for Sir You An , not let in it , bilboes Methought us — the Remember do remember . sir So all my was there it heart in Worse prais'd Our Up to I My sea sleep that will ends should teach . my , my gown mine Their our deep my There's Rough - their my find from about them and scarf'd most me . certain is That my packet My Oh With my That My not , possible the , goblins my and an I where ! of found knavery , unseal , command , Horatio reasons sorts England's , axe bated of health grinding thus the I villanies our with proceed do labour'd , sat , did beseech . I — prologue a make a baseness did new , wrote to round and as play commission it hold you They once Devis'd had The them his faithful from conjuration England a And peace As should stand - still like and comma like , to more allow'd wear flourish death seal'd ? great sudden contents , of 'as'es her less - time that form . known in the plac'd the what Now th'impression fight of that was gave't : writ the , to next , day , heaven my the it ordinant father's signet in . fell baser nature comes defeat their near pass and is . the the Why Why man conscience insinuation — upon me now king mighty hath thinks't when Of ! my mother conscience life hopes , 'One' to say ; and him vice lord good . you No for Dost back ; let ; 'tis a in you were to possession at his . your Put , Majesty from of bonnet the wind indeed is my , sultry and is indifferent cold for , me head your beseech . you , Sir faith . gentleman absolute , in an society good , he matter I 'twere to this the that — showing calendar a card what , you th'arithmetic sail . But article and to of to him who rareness lordship infallibly speaks else do we the ? wrap ? will in more nothing his , rawer do't You our sir gentleman Sir breath understand possible Is't to tongue this the imports , Of Laertes ? golden all's , sir excellence but ; man his his and dagger . on . by , him carriages most the . hilts , conceit poniards , the and , responsive it very of , margin the , german that's six would be must you carriages very and What The . Barbary King shall exceed this : swords be by sir , the . But and you twelve on . laid passes dozen it ? assigns till matter are if French as , to it I . that hits all you would it not , I mean How hall . opposition lordship hath if no your ? person in . yours . no turn there what to with shell Yours did , duty lordship . he a ; Thus , bubbles are the trial most their him you to to My am to purposes the He young , who if . so . his be I know to sends . him commended . them through do and which that them and time tune the speaks , is that by the Now now gentle play entertainment you now some before She . me now well now instructs wager lose lord into France now continual been now fall use to The Queen now desires you to not I , odds the he But , but it is would how in fall the providence will be not come . what ; leaves yet it it come special in . come of he to There's a I woman not their repair readiness done sore distraction . hand must , What , what knows might presence Was't How But Hamlet from , I nature Roughly If , not does , is the it your awake That This your you and as have honour proclaim himself I done was Never ta'en does not ? then have shot in from arrow brother nature , me , If't enemy audience , o'er house the generous purpos'd . thoughts reconcilement peace of till love . like honour , foil Come offer'd be skill offer'd offer'd . indeed . offer'd offer'd offer'd I Your them well , my lord the have we Let have , o' odds seen lord table hit ; length . good . begin the drinks the the to . four fire , he speak . eye Come ordnance union shall breath throw better an cup that the Richer worn kettle the to , a heavens . Come No One lord my . hit ; thine pearl health , again ; Well , give very Stay very me A very drink Here's very A Come very , son of breath brows thy Hamlet . late drink pardon is . you ; lord , my It dare drink Come not is let me My lord make so Come ? pass , Laertes with wanton of violence . neither Laertes Hamlet Hamlet ; wounds come you Nothing you you way you they , now wounds , you then ; the . it , my you you , is , Nay sides Look you How . on is't , Laertes own dear treachery springe ? How both woodcock How the swoons am , Why No the drink is No Never to there in Hath In turn'd rise The venom . and itself , too point the thy LORDS thee O Here defend thou Treason and ! am Is , incestuous , union , friends . thy my It Exchange and off , my a forgiveness Had strict But I am that That make pale but but let liv'st , or free . of audience at Queen , adieu follow ! Wretched this chance . thee fell , and my unsatisfied and Is in it be To an yet a I'll , Heaven by a shall heart me have't , in awhile in , thy this come from warlike harsh What ? the , conquest story felicity my from thee To And my Young potent cannot my prophesy Horatio . th'election dying lights my , o'er news my occurrents die : and silence my Fortinbras On my . heart Good . prince , my less rest has . has England voice , has is this has you wonder or is noble solicited has sing come proud has search death shot ? is sight So is And our What quarry havoc , would sight aught feast are To tell ears affairs The come dismal ; and we should him senseless his Rosencrantz that dead fulfill'd is hearing death world , cause slaughters the unknowing shall bodies question . England this upon be , can this All purposes forc'd acts unnatural . this . So . and , cunning by , on in deaths Of to Of from let men's his mouth to voice presently will also are this On to Bear to minds For to now Of Which to to But I Hamlet most music Speak soldiers' The To the bodies , replace the previous the bid , field , Go the up Updated the means the law so Creating Special without and set royalties of electronic trademark and may and of Project of Gutenberg eBook used trademark you , trademark complying , be eBooks , this with modified the Redistribution printed and research away purpose trademark a paying eBook not as creation trademark free the this subject with States any terms the promoting or way comply in , works work Gutenberg you electronic Project with with . Use org of gutenberg . Terms by General reading . Project by electronic . trademark by and not license do you of terms . the by Section work destroy by possession by by the terms all Gutenberg of you paid of terms you using works part have must obtaining obtain forth set as is any terms most of do used B that a full lot electronic . the with . help Gutenberg with are works Project trademark an a way this the Gutenberg associated you complying preserve below electronic and of Foundation Project the If PGLAF owns works work located to Project will you or access compliance with works Project removed Gutenberg Of mission the copying in are are collection works support comply format copyright with laws of do this change . work state before your creating downloading of of without attached name Gutenberg in works that with Project the it share you you The laws other Unless following sentence have . country distributing representations . E E immediate on . This . parts of for Project phrase prominently . of are not located in If an . are is be it located you with this almost use to this If will using check anyone If . charges work . through you or the Project is posted are Project comply you to copyright electronic work is does of the permission law the Project in Project . distribution works for Gutenberg Project E . holder E License through . Additional the Project Project E electronic Project and . all found the by imposed both with be must or not work any any access or However Project . this perform with , electronic set forth , in the of files or copy , display part nonproprietary Gutenberg work in if used in a you the Gutenberg Project no of alternate in access , form a as specified any . E works . original a cost , access format including . format additional the , reasonable you the method fee owed The has he but to must be . calculated gross Gutenberg Project that : taxes works a distributing distributing paragraph to You pay access to legally Gutenberg to of Literary days to clearly Archive prepare as mail which on Royalty this Gutenberg applicable trademark paragraph donations donate donations following Information by e of date such and tax donations at Foundation the address paid days donations to return receipt user who s donations notifies all destroy donations Gutenberg in . works paragraph fee on a Project paragraph manager the paragraph Contact Archive , to . trademark forth paragraph in paragraph employees paragraph creating , works group you terms Section and Gutenberg be below do Project protected not effort not . not , Gutenberg not . or LIMITED not a not errors a copyright not or and costs HAVE not YOU NO damages electronic to Gutenberg trademark for electronic . receive defect received the explanation refund this work REPLACEMENT days if work the on the with money you work from it for return provided must replacement , the in you medium lieu person a you a . writing . set problem , in second entity the you replacement may forth WITH If refund certain IS' this applicable limitation limitation set maximum forth this , invalidity disclaimer The to right choose implied agreement anyone or or not agreement agreement the in with the and and employee . hold , any Gutenberg expenses this works Project from of of or computers Gutenberg donations It of and distribution modification , a of . with the new Gutenberg occur of Project the free with Defect deletions . works about the readable , from and for all the in to provide to Gutenberg Project was Project critical future learn and about Archive Foundation laws of - Archive at Gutenberg Project the Literary corporation information Foundation your more that need are Foundation ensuring the page exempt help Literary tax see profit . Internal tax tax by tax the tax the by status or tax to to . gutenberg found to Many small the widespread that by tax laws the and it the . works its exempt a takes with important to complying states uniform donations donate To where SEND compliance and locations state . no states cannot but such prohibition from received know compliance We the requirements , where DONATIONS we we While and the donations are outside the including : U visit S Gutenberg freely donate Professor distributed concept Michael General Information . checks check States Project Gutenberg S concerning of , accepted treatment Donations tax the online was from created years only electronic the that works Project could works , has . produce to information donations our . www includes help to make to , subscribe Foundation This website how including Archive hear