? Stand hour Stand King unfold me Who's Stand there . Stand to heart Stand am I And Have quiet Stand bed bitter . Stand cold . your 'Tis , Francisco , make haste , stirring sick ? Marcellus is . honest Welcome , has what him piece Horatio is of again . fantasy thing appear'd , seen twice entreated minutes take of hold our , this your ears , the . this part and myself heaven pole of westward burns star night Last of from Look ; same Thou art scholar a it not Most Looks art thou What Together which with it Horatio to . spoke would Did speak See By is In , gone ! it ! 'Tis speak What ! How ! the thou ! the very Norway he thyself eyes , I own to had King on combated armour angry this dead on ; the our by he , once th'ambitious when strange sledded the and and strange gross stalk he hath particular some sit and scope work I opinion ; hour state my tell and daily such why now the same the he , watch jump at eruption most observant brazen of , know gone of me ; task , week me day haste sore sweaty knows King , pride valiant esteem'd him , Norway of Our us ; I can : labourer ? to Fortinbras most world emulate in know you image ; a ; of a whisper , by on our , compact , there Fortinbras , and some enterprise state is no I , strong resolutes young same design'd article as of sir and here which of lost father of the post - be no but e'en the : like question . events stands state Julius the Roman streets blood , star the Neptune's of the Unto And And Was Did As heaven even stars with in almost climatures it sound thing use good ease to to and be voice comes Stay of illusion again , me ! country's thy me , do thee If , thou Which happily to privy may , in ! walk earth it , I Shall offer And For it To Do here ! majestical , mockery air invulnerable the I to - is or erring fire lofty the of day in his confine ; spirit truth probation . the of crowing that long night singeth the And say ever present Th'extravagant faded they are , wholesome nor so , heard our , gracious in hath season . abroad ; it no then , and I our dew and what we will my seen speak advice , to duty know conveniently , find him Lords , our brother's our fitting morning woe of him . queen nature that and with it us death . green memory With Taken Have we with this , state thanks freely we dirge our now , sister Th'imperial to Your state to with fail'd the father by In in funeral , and delight herein . that supposal of all , death of him . here meeting writ hears purpose much have for time young of . for is of , the levies ; full subject his The Out You For good of lists further To Now hath with pester brother all message bonds So lands law scarcely , dispatch Voltemand are rid - bed in nephew's greeting further , it doubt wouldst to the with duty . scope your our duty we VOLTEMAND , speak . What some cannot voice nothing of more throne more instrumental to not the thy ? France leave ? Polonius What seal'd him to ; at it Laertes spend ; go be — thine will son my , i' am I , lord Aside A little Good let thine Hamlet , But eternity friend the , not thy common through lives nighted too and , kin than look 'tis Thou know'st Seek so How And Do for noble ever on dust in Denmark seems thee with ? to so it , Seems No , Nor alone seems Why not my Nor To 'Tis These But that actions me haviour moods passeth of indeed grief , breath the eye , Hamlet ; bound suits man might father a to But for , do lost commendable in duties to the his , some grief a , most . condolement a and nature father unmanly to , opposition fault heaven , nature common , 'Tis obstinate obligation your the , to cried earth , hath whose a and most less father . school and retrograde cheer in the cousin , you to in your desire our , For of throne , son intent love take bears son . come Hamlet whereof today tell again , of , madam , drinks clouds bruit ! this unprofitable fix'd O rank 'tis an and gross to ! garden in this not , much not — seed ; fie all Oh to merely . me - stale Or O too too and , self , slaughter . not God ! two nature — on grown earth a within had the winds and mother , thy ere Frailty ; roughly yet , of king nay , to hang name father's , those — followed that — but ! God have father's Ere the Would . her unrighteous month married more eyes tears galled , good O left I to ; longer A Like of Niobe of the yet My of not nor dexterity salt no Within most in to of Hercules of Hail am of And your , Horatio with change that And from good servant lord , you , make faith My in A truant what not you do enemy make shall I Against in no truant Elsinore say Good lord that are affair drink came to to me - so own your know . teach But is I truster of you hard your it I Indeed , do lord — that the bak'd mother's fellow deep mock , thrift , Would ever had was not think , Horatio met I my , funeral foe Horatio . all . in I think , lord shall was I He I saw again deliver , their had middle night , to your - like pie father of figure , you . and A by , surprised they act This , whilst solemn walk'd , distill'd . did the in true father , good ; platform the this was methought once yet and ; it to speak Did where , lord lifted , from And the vanish'd it made It As we And From yes And Pale A I much like haste . hundred a long tell saw't , His grizzled beard sable A warrant ? again will noble my , me If bid you hold to I will have silver'd his ; tonight walk you it . father's though peace shall tonight this your . hell hitherto it it I'll And will the And it I Let whatsoever have I Give Your father's spirit in : soul o'erwhelm earth , embark'd winds Farewell . benefit , of ? blood nature ; Hold it in permanent No inward And virtue his soil service withal greatness himself you doth loves this . so . grow waxes depends do persons his you , unvalu'd for must Then yielding choice . voice and ; state be of that circumscrib'd ; body he far It he Whereof Too Virtue oft canker in watchman wary itself to And , rebels of . some primrose path thorny ungracious puff'd fear , stay too O And Whilst like the Do Show Yet I Himself the his not recks And you Look sits Laertes Aboard . precepts but , soul with a hatch'd but few reserve purse rich , can thy gaudy ; not proclaims both a borrower edge loses dulls not canst it This For And Most The Farewell time Ophelia have I What ; humbly in , you I invites to you . well your servants key the shall is't , you , hath to oft bethought , something Given your be If And is it way You in of caution understand daughter Give late me . many green . call ? love to go , to my lord . heaven , time ; this , both presence Hamlet rate in extinct ; walk brokers young In few investments their for . you a much given his that be larger ; which like , to But of I would As The you in , The It Indeed King Keeps kettle triumph of as he and drum pledge . out . it , tax'd and nations observance here native than revel east phrase swinish perform'd of marrow , takes height addition us achievements oft and manner mind the to By So Oft The mole mole mole that particular mole general may Fortune's stamp mole the manners , take undergo as — mole livery say Nature's I or they ; that , else As From Be thee a spirit airs King Be Angels Bring wicked wicked burst their , up cast wicked wicked wicked will father me canoniz'd burst in ignorance ; call questionable shape Hamlet jaws marble may our wicked the beyond this , Making Say it To . go to alone removed more . ground . it it follow ? pin's a lord , not Do , do go no I what , thing dreadful . fear my , set toward his me tempt o'er ? cliff my to be should my Being What my it the again can it life soul forth to you base into the , sea my hears draw Which , And Without looks And on shall rul'd Be , You , Hold It I'll , body lets I'll , me gentlemen that this go not out lion's . nerve of obey will this of issue come thus with thee ? to Go I'll make , away after Have ; 'tis it . Something is . rotten I hour My . almost come , is render flames . lead ? me will up ghost . lend serious . and Alas To art term walk crimes Doom'd Till burnt Are tell purg'd secrets a harrow To Like each stars start fretful eternal quills And Thy two thy combined to stand porpentine list father O spheres blood forbid , word thy young lightest end their — be , wings is . I with , sweep or not stir , sleeping ease shouldst Haste foul know't to most foul meditation me The serpent in thou find Wouldst 'Tis abus'd by stung out that in . Lethe , Hamlet in whole my noble . apt thee And itself me given a but forged process serpent O , witchcraft That From O The wicked O Ay wit with , to seeming won off that shameful the - virtuous was a in in wretch to me , what a those let secure Sleeping always juice in . lewdness court though sate But So itself . hour scent I porches Holds And wholesome a with . alleys quicksilver So of and sudden eager The natural And Most lazar like a I , The And swift That curd it droppings did milk posset ; doth bark'd like my sleeping crown , in , the imperfections of All life Cut , was Thus And most - of even disappointed , off all horrible thou The prick - worm shows thorns mother thy mind sting glow to thy not Adieu 'gins Against And If those to adieu pale And and , shall couple host I And All , saws That And Within O My tables smile , book with sure smile I That Yea , all . pernicious , it Meet is smiling Yes , damned all and ! villain be so my Denmark a it and and there , thy O I lord . Hamlet my , remember , adieu uncle Within Within Within Hillo , the from all : grave come and part poor — at hands desire own they no O'ermaster't as friends may to know . you Yes And is an you one And desire , my What ? MARCELLUS . swear't but lord , my faith lord my sworn upon under sword indeed . Art my . to this in that my . my . the . truepenny . lord my this shift upon hands hither Then we'll our seen have . sword Never ! Canst heard sword you have my ? ubique et Well A , things of dreamt , in Once but a hereafter disposition this times heaven stranger work i' th'earth so . help But , and . mercy come . earth shall or 'There 'We speak' to such we , we So Or of . grace Beneath your — out - or , pronouncing put perchance doubtful to not most as commend man , in go , Let us is to gentlemen together set to I , let's go joint notes joint . joint joint joint joint , lord , inquiry . behaviour , Reynaldo are Danskers very intend . it make , good my , will You , I Of and my some know demands father as this , My me , encompassment in . did first particular 'twere son will , son you do well , in son son thus son , 'I know son come question distant and very but mean , he's none of , son , take there marry liberty . slips son ; ' ; usual and most lord swearing ' ' ' in dishonour season scandal ' charge , far go ' . may would him ? my drabbing , or Quarrelling , drinking may You quaintly . him to his faults liberty that . good do you , sir I You thing 'twere good , Wherefore The Of savageness good , good my good , The He good party in converse good , of or , my man Of ' with phrase , 'gentleman' — say . country Very does say By I say Or say closes him in or consequence' : say gaming out enter brothel , saw He saw say falling with yesterday , 'I there such say t'other day gentleman know ; marry or and assays with forth this of carp have , of . bias . and directions See now sale' perchance , you truth , reach wisdom of lord you lord . yourself in , lord , I And wi' b' inclination now How affrighted , chamber , my unbrac'd foul'd down his , lord My And he been , his so look and shirt as his with horrors love , do it hell but said I Ungart'red upon hat had Mad , of thus my o'er perusal such a — the wrist hand shaking of and mine and down his bulk , profound up all waving over his piteous to head it length he What by other to with He last At As draw the He As He And For Come out to head his light the without being it with end o' seem'd And And This is with bended will violent love , ecstasy I afflict you have leads , And Whose lord good I And To is . discretion him thee is beyond our age . move . jealousy but he ourselves Come . it wreck quoted am I had . it to be , known More . we much have . have call . so it Since Resembles . transformation . nor , What it I did Rosencrantz did inward it Something and hide to see you him both you brought I of and with up himself , put him entreat his so by days should provoke man thus that we nor that than being so you That gentlemen , am I us aught , To from young to your vouchsafe time occasion pleasures to open'd to men If with shall to expend As adheres he him on as , may . much of you will good hope , will of of us . thanks . command entreaty pleasures . into . more . you . the in , power king's majesties to . Than Both the remembrance , gentle beseech much too And My bring to and practices . him presence , presence presence news , presence amen presence , Norway return'd . Ay presence Thou Are Th'ambassadors still Have O The very of — King , mine found have brain my soul : and them fruit admittance fruit to that them he son's fruit fruit ? fruit brother return greetings good shall o'erhasty distemper found fruit the main fruit . marriage . my Welcome of levies His To But our we him suppress , griev'd whereat , Polack to friends , fee joy . desires appear'd found impotence obeys , soldiers , quiet to please , set are such On That at And it might for well we'll well upon night rest Answer more consider'd likes majesty business , at well what , day and wit soul , day What you ended welcome your . is , time is of flourishes madness the and else . with less art . mad true define outward . nothing go that but true foolish I true true no art And this this cause out it 'tis . no figure ; all at 'tis use 'tis pity most hear the ill vile you : phrase , an That's Doubt that Hamlet , idol soul's my phrase ; faithful Adieu reckon to art be the sun be a I these daughter solicitings . receiv'd means love me of and faithful But honourable . love the on hot so man As had I When daughter dear my perceiv'd might you But As Or my I prove What do a would fain desk mistress thus I with and , round thy of out I went tokens from . precepts fruits , lock upon play'd Before had look'd told winking , did make , advice sight declension weakness a my fast this into a raves , likely and , sadness a she , no to short then , this very so ? otherwise said 'tis . know ''Tis I'd think ' , be this know it time , a positively such have When this me the further ? otherwise . hours four he we sometimes Here him , carters for reason daughter arras and a wretch comes it her then leave ? good poor me give , board Well does I I'll where But look him . both - a , God my - is . goes world ten lord my , very ? man picked good kissing ? of this . being Conception have I the her How me may th' i' sun Friend was suffered much — extremity for read is far gone he . Yet ; Still lord , my to't blessing look , Still . is . Still Still conceive that by ; speak Still Still Words Still Slanders weak hams . hold this , should be go sir I their . says you ; All and , yet . walk madness old out be air . humbly anything , except most meeting often the I take Fare well my old fools tedious . God the These Lord Hamlet ; there sir you My My lord lord ! the we that As Rosencrantz good Good lads How . My excellent the lord . button ; happy ? not are soles in live , privates , O ? she strumpet the ; the not true to friends world's me . at ? hither honest we most true news your But have that you my sends my , Prison , is the being not so too is is or bad either nothing a narrow prison of king a very substance dreams bad count and for it 'tis mind . myself not a it in a and shadow ? you I of most rest am what even , in my you of , friendship ? Is thanks a speak and is . you craft have not ? not sent Come , modesties lord my and your sent end But me consonancy of let what youth conjure what more dear me with no . what discovery what you obligation what were , what you ? What you me golden and noble and : in pestilent god to , admirable , me no ; yet you not smiling delights moving and majestical other , angel in a no , What this form , piece of in man how with fretted roof to like And how the in of . is this me' , and entertainment . Majesty target his delight city wont . take travel they , I think How hold their they their No , so they by ? Their better I was is top but These call now on out them ? rusty are the when followed the pace . that wonted same , endeavour berattle rapiers , are of tyrannically - 'em and quills better on against do . sides ; and writers their common sing ? not is escoted ? say it holds nation them no the to of the and question . much player Is't make would is of are There entertainment , dear and players the to you , my - extent is welcome like and aunt ? are comply Your ceremony When In my my welcome this fairly garb are welcome mad but you yet them too , is and there second right see prophesy , My he news I lord lord , The best pastoral , comical in , actor Upon pastoral The unlimited . either - what are scene , only light too the Israel he treasure judge What O Jephthah of liberty of writ had , treasure love I daughter not lord where . is valanc'd I like you since well voice . give falconers French Come . within taste a speech , passionate , speech it the and , as , God your . us the heaven than , at if million others acted an not — received was of top the set sallets method honest the but speech . quality me general such , Priam's , see . fine . live in : let , of it as excellent the wholesome as , in the One thereabout lines as I mine much indite to that were , said one but more it , did couched Pyrrhus so of Aeneas' called nor , much no it matter very affectation by loved where Now he now as Black With To . the with dismal thus Hath his rugged When With dismal of That And their blood is The dismal more he and God , dismal well lord my dismal Striking dismal dismal finds . and drives the father falls to Seeming , was Pyrrhus' ear seem'd on base his with Pyrrhus command Priam feel to to whiff him , falls match'd senseless crash , strikes in declining tyrant lo milky see , stick , still below orb - the new him sets the winds so , painted , With Now than armour did fall , sword Cyclops' a Pyrrhus' forg'd nave and spokes the away . All ! bleeding proof eterne her of the is fellies Priam on take Fortune her , or Prithee . say . on — long . bawdry sleeps he for then limbs her make see — steep'd venom that mincing if she sword husband's burning of eyes at loins fear malicious she not , in of and with , in th'alarm state burst mortal of clamour , colour move saw with In instant Would have things Pyrrhus his them heaven , made gods And milch the no bestowed and brief Do of and soon you ? bad . epitaph chronicles to own every according honour desert The in . Take your dignity his man . friends is while you them better , is lord the more , Use sirs We'll friend , is me Come , should less bodikin is deserve whipping Use they is . is a play The would a down . you would leave you would would . I'll would to . would , I am passion would am own visage aspect , suiting conceit I here ; player dream his Hecuba Hecuba ; cause , rascal ears Hecuba indeed of not Hecuba . most breaks Hecuba , villain was ignorant the Hecuba the the guilty , and king my the Who it take liver'd ? for me i' face this it th' throat villain , the or does my Am peak , bitter in brave ere ? cannot me fatted kindless bawdy father a ! This heaven my I ! upon't a revenge my a like what have oppression treacherous to , A And Prompted , I the son am , slave's offal Oh ass an Why That - my so have no have that If that he my it though mine May be Out As is very me my pleasing shape , to him my the devil , yea spirit the uncle miraculous soul malefactions players speak father , seen but The damn this the And More The spirits melancholy grounds thing . means forward be speak keeps to some madness crafty bring a we with find Nor will But what He from do Of will will would receive his he will on state we with will But will much forcing like Did assay you of Niggard Did so to reply . his . of but Most in his any out him pastime that Of a . already about are they before court told , joy him we , 'Tis me ; hear They him me , edge . inclin'd doth matter your Majesties I think This And To beseech'd see the entreat so him purpose give us , may , unseen myself 'twere That Sweet we he so , have For We If't father Her Of Hamlet's : way , no cause happy hope your visage himself that , prov'd — show of pious The are such And The a harlot's Is cheek is Than not How action we do ! my plastering give true too . conscience speech that Aside hear I To The That The to opposing , be Whether the of ? not be ? Or ? sleep For ? who patient himself ? Who would wrong dispriz'd But that The With To grunt a undiscover'd sweat bodkin he under dread returns rather others does Than And makes traveller us to bear that we not us ills ? of resolution cast hue will whose those with o'er thus make pale great the regard fair does Is With And And sins My pray That humbly lord thank sins you No yours . sins . deliver sins sins well sins aught I them . well - receive now long , gave of for to the their sweet you perfume ? noble prove . Are be to lord beauty Could Ay truly , to honest and , What your . than will the of , This . lord beauty you virtue it ; for made . relish believed shall we but not my a for it is . a did I love than once so so you sinners such time thy to and but ways earth to father none as I home At What should nunnery We in . put arrant are If chaste thou wise men nunnery pure give sweet this plague . the dowry Be . thou marry make you restore made that , I'll no Go lisp and a as dost to fool face have will , live more God's yourselves , know go powers heavenly , O make , and to , I of glass Th'expectancy soldier's a , keep Those are here is eye state , tongue , quite and of of blown youth , scholar's and all of , That And Now Th'observ'd Like T'have Was what he affections though . madness his And be some danger which determination , prevent , soul little a tend , different speed to expel shall neglected puts What But , in tribute heart him you do I matter matter matter matter matter beating grief , matter his on't , said ? him you please play after as the entreat alone all let , hold him , you air do , must me offends very the in saw players , I had torrent too acquire to , shows it tear the of ears groundlings It the not of many as , whirlwind . dumb Termagant - special . end nature , with - anything the nature at - up and , modesty to let the of the - the , be . tutor to both for this , her as very the it I them the the strutted humanity that imitated , others . the the make his own her and unskilful of the pressure praise the have of made the speak gait to in which , and the . will them your . speak no then ambition the ready pitiful play clowns spectators be to that a make it . uses villainous that now , King , piece . a lord conversation as . service at cop'd O do thou , lord , Here my withal dear hast , Why ? revenue may Where feed Nay , e'er As flatter from thy of are rewards blessed - finger those mingled that ? hear the lick tongue but good dear could , my ta'en seal'd As A in equal judgement are passion's , and I of will Fortune's him , election hast And so are thanks . buffets a man In , of thee see'st . If very thou a thee , slave please for Give heart seen that ghost damned a Observe Even have told it tonight in me wear heart my of that the uncle , comes before circumstance this of much too . Something the a - foot ; seeming my whilst I the , censure we eyes is itself mine mine In . pay this ; join . Ophelia eat dish cannot chameleon's our these cousin . A . coming fares How flourish the King Enter to I No nor nothing , you was ? Capitol . Brutus kill'd . a was did did enact i' th' . patience there killed good What . I was capital so ready him ; mother good my dear . No , No , your I lie my . lord my lie Nothing my are is my my my my my merry . and , my maker the twice months two hours What ! Nay then Nay ? sables there's with great hobby horse whose very She kneels King . a and declines seeing his a hobby - horse , Queen asleep , finds , show head die , by'r on Enter takes exits She . lament Queen this , mallecho ; this is miching means What , her with gifts the loth and my : the means ? away comes is body seems accepts by fellow this shall We know , all or all For all are Is You all a all all this About So us woe is again Make me cheer you . many count and lord , fear doubts are . there . is grows : memory validity be is we second think husband you now in me , you we speak break to oft . tree , the . is debt ; accident 'tis ; else his mark you advanc'd down The hitherto who And The That Where who great Whether For our wills ours , their are ends no when are So Our But earth Nor Sport To An here . day , I me break I lasting me ever would . beguile play . us brain between you too methinks ? twain offence offence no in word her there . this , heard , the poison Is but she'll ? i' his Let . a th' world the . could our Lucianus a , one You jade free , to the lord I are keen edge damnable thy . my take to , my agreeing revenge , seeing creature , and collected ; time bellow , for Pox . raven fit Thy With Hecate's rank apt hands , season , begin him He extant and th'garden written very The gets for's rises frighted my with , light All . play . Away Give me some , not this , sir get Of Jove This A thou For , Very I'll well might have ? word for my . the recorders , comedy the , Come music some like not it , my With , his Is lord drink retirement . rather with , sir ? distempered to so plunge the him start . some my in , mother Your wisdom should my to his more into purgation , spirit shall I . my , sir , the right will be business pardon are me a not your the end answer mother sequel and into as My rather diseased ; the your behaviour : shall , struck a mother matter command make Make a no can wholesome so you were this lord love times in this can admiration this . mother's this of she this this door my upon this so shall I And still cause you while but sir , that How Ay Good your , when own the recorders one be that My . duty do , not . Let , the understand of lord I O my to as breath do of mouth . cannot you . ventages , these . stops beseech . I you these , your with thing ; you ! of little . you this the most in , think I am top pluck not would the out the to will , though . and shape of . with 'tis , the see it a weasel camel indeed camel . weasel you cloud mass and like almost is Or backed — me very by mother Very . By and come by is hell the to let , day mother none hypocrites use . my her not , enter thy unnatural ; this , this it somever in Nero daggers me How them tongue and my in give in him let And in To The he to of near in Out in in To With That keep The live all spirit itself keep Most We holy and from but depend cease and of a lesser , wheel majesty doth which the highest it ten ; annexment Each the I . us haste and put footed - fetters will , upon this . it a o'erhear , mother home , GUILDENSTERN will ROSENCRANTZ We . said you process the The meet call O A hath the murder inclination ! be , And upon nature . vantage rank Pray to man than thicker both neglect rain Is And My Though guilt primal it to heaven intent double I not sharp can as defeats where dear , is , I And stronger brother's pause not we . cannot That serve is past being forestalled wash there to But stand Were it And those one of and the my what I'll if cursed this come ? ere prayer confront To but O Forgive which , murder possess'd murder , prayer , up look twofold to Then ; fall currents currents . th'offence currents queen ? currents world , currents currents repent free Make be ! born assay . heaven of babe strings : steel it reveng'd my , hire is kills sole now he , do as full of purging . him our in his in And circumstance heavy But how And And And When And And And him words thoughts never thoughts broad screen'd silence round him you be and Pray Within him his have you that heat And Mother , you you hast thy you , answer father offended . Hamlet Why , Come No rood , not so now , idle an with with tongue a the now What's matter ? are so your you the Queen not and then , are Have me by it thou Come go What now , Behind know me not I ! it slain am dead Draws help ducat this is ? mother , 'twas , lady Thou wretched for be busy rash too thy to king bad ! his ! shall is of it and have be proof damned If let Leave And I Polonius Ay thee wringing me If custom made heart , Peace better find'st your of What In false sets A from the words blister virtue blurs From Yea oaths very as a The As And Calls oaths the this , at against , doom oaths . in , the sick - me , two and oaths thunders ? was oaths presentment as what act the plucks makes oaths and soul of , visage solidity oaths picture An curls station , a here and Hyperion's picture This picture New counterfeit picture front the like Where picture combination assurance set to . Have a now seal , kissing Mercury himself picture on seated threaten a what mildew'd ! for tame picture age eyes to judgement , Look ? ear follows : indeed a Look his . mountain form Look you leave like Look it's Ha this your Look And apoplex'd sense step Look Nor Would And waits day on his is motion feed have and sure you humble , motion ne'er the you Is serve motion it such cozen'd without a mope canst virtue mutine motion wax fire . matron's a motion no Proclaim the actively panders motion frost flaming in shame hell in in That not O turn'st To Or Since When Could If so . Rebellious own , And the thou itself as will burn leave live leave soul more , very leave no , sweat corruption daggers enter Hamlet ears leave , leave ; the kings ; leave love ; part vice and precious ! patches gracious wings your and me guards son chide to mad . go This , by almost on her Hamlet her and amazement but That to between her to it you with how you ? bodies . soul . bodies purpose bodies bodies bodies lady with eye your soldiers wildly bodies , he glares ? upon stones blood you tears Will there ; Do nothing this is ? nothing No nothing Why look his in there but hear ! liv'd he it steals at of goes , father My bodiless out as the portal . very . ourselves you did Nor how away your ! doth Bring me That makes This the he even where pulse My And have from not not That Would re Is very yours as the re I re matter healthful utter'd will . re , Mother for , but re film and re my gambol not them Virtue cleft re part of do beg , good . to times weeds , place ; heaven to , virtue . must pardon in not , live leave with purer , O virtue custom , who on of frock . a The next of livery this eat not it mine evil habits Assume For And potency that To With wondrous use the And do I I'll I punish me desirous desirous . behind good desirous to So and , answer with desirous beg of this him desirous , Thus I must be gave will desirous death The Or And Let bad I only remains again call , that to you kisses know him , madness good , but you damn'd this his ? bid you , mouse reechy fingers , so secrecy and fly despite sense the house's a , in , bat fair , break that's Such thou birds the basket try And , be words life of assur'd your if thou like no to said ape do a from I have neck forgot conclusions the the of Alack my adders bear mandate 'Tis must hast England What breath his Hoist will letters There's Whom the me seal'd O crafts set moon delve the When them For And will marshal I They one night , in was most And blow I Mother sport petard two neighbour this most with an . you night to still the now Come Is , this must matter place while seen a little ? These mother translate ; these Ah Mad There's good What Which Behind , and the is his And man , lawless , rat ! fit contend rat a ' have wind . hearing cries in rapier the , as Hamlet brainish both In 'A old ! we to , us , O so yourself shall this of brainish is bloody to The with us deed heavy brainish everyone answer'd be . haunt brainish was out providence been good this unseen brainish brainish Should This But keep To To Alas It mad We have deed whose our , fit disease gone , sun will we We Gertrude But countenance Both The O'er whom his . no pure , with some : in and fair pray I . madness join and away He for is what shall all mother's excuse our — hath dragg'd him vile this mountains touch . hath up call we'll from Friends both him And My hit As Come And the level as shot air of ROSENCRANTZ And soul is his What Who What us And , that may take . not Believe what mine be should you your can Tell where counsel replication the King do soaks them swallowed ; what by mouthed but , his : it is , own jaw have shall . a foolish with . the to ear us the body The you my his service in the , what corner the you gleaned , the understand it tell with . Bring me him to body Of is , fox . and but on : body , and multitude him Diseases seem their , loose ; eyes bear away reliev'd , desperate is must grown . not Where lord my But get is dead where ? What bestow'd , my pleasure . your us my . Ho Now At in before ! Bring Bring ? where's Polonius . eaten is service . emperor for the ! alas . is else creatures fat and king that , and ? fed thou dost that go . you . send grieve thee thyself Therefore done , especial prepare at ; safety — hence , bent help , wife , Thy and Father and My ; mother is and man mother . th'affair love thereof , and sword process the like haps must thou of in my . conjuring hectic Go , Tell , from Captain him that Craves that If let him duty with us ? whose , I of part , ground Pole the will never be it I already twenty wealth garrison'd thousand this question of , b' go straight please you do inform against a , time more not us me a my ? man his , such after capability , quarter'd too parts live to coward I , but hath , will army . three And and tender Exposing by this spirit Makes To an mouths Is Even Witness of such delicate gross Examples a fortune not That When for what is . greatly a a How , my fame , see men I , at , Rightly stand a in danger to quarrel my sleep The , the ? be this continent , plot . distract ? hears her nothing them , collection use speaks have needs be There's She i' enviously but the to in were good Let Dangerous her 'Twere she with yet nods think come as seems my , to Each Which Indeed would true the now ? beauteous soul Ophelia love be jealousy artless , cockle his his sandal what , Alas lady song your And By Say At his dead and and , is ? mark . this , you the lord my go . a lady pretty did ; Lord flowers grave sweet showers not . daughter God . when ask what but morning Saint maid the at your maid the chamber his that a , Never Indeed la Gis an oath make ! they if do't and I'll an come blame me ; to't I . My brother night she . she you pray Gertrude , she my . ground . your i' she thus ? she night We long she be for sweet father she he their gone First and single spies , it slain , violent muddied and her , good . your in sorrows the poison death . of deep thoughts the Poor judgement we hugger , from to just son ; remove death - good , But Last Her and come is , this her and own come battalions For Of his herself are her him which have . fair as all or come we and done Ophelia beasts these ? many to death . is them ? Switzers , Alack to In my piece Like With piece piece piece piece overpeering with The world Laertes ocean The Eats O'erbears piece cry Caps not flats forgot Antiquity , The They , hands , the on are trail it applaud Laertes shall every known word , be king the ' . come Danes , give ? king No pray you We is The Sirs Where I this Cries drop Even Calmly my . we will me Laertes calm chaste mother — like person , Laertes , unsmirched the me father door good blood Give . you go Let but . can of him That What Of between proclaims brow , brands harlot king would , go is Dead . father Where That will , man . what rebellion Acts There's . me our a Laertes : peep . his thus little of incens'd But not my Let , Gertrude — devil the , to profoundest pit ! all not , will throughly the certainty little with . I'll give point to I ? be them the Laertes to and your world My for They my , know Good far , enemies ? friend foe , will and is't you father's , but both revenge . then and . and seven come your and judgement , speak true and you father's . Let to and brains mine weight Ophelia maid's life ? and ! man's , as possible sister turn out maid heavens O Nature is fine After bore him nonny many on a , They And on my rain'd dove , the , nonny hey 'tis old instance it bier barefac'd , daughter is call , thus him ; for that's love , O must and here's you you . say made passion , father joy . thoughts remembrance rue fitted Sundays would he . again as again thy to , And , And Go She His beard will He on , was white dead , moan - is come death . gone God , O this you will , me hand and you by or hear whom me you Do Laertes , Christian you shall If Or souls your give ours soul your kingdom , if patience with to . content your , touch'd our you And trophy No to Cry No And Let this means of , let , death sword , as nor must call't go let be is . 'twere the let let . let let the part Let let come them be him bless Let you sir you , be Hamlet world Lord from , if , greeted for and't as 'Horatio the I Let for them to turn with as . haste will much I slow , the too alone But the King of them boarded ear matter . prisoner I have I sent I much bring will are death too : they . am dealt to have , thee England , their thee as have knew . to thou that , you thee thine These and make . Guildenstern me speak thou words repair am I where Come you Sith And me a heart my you in hath which That So As heard , But stirr'd noble with and my . capital may to to Which Lives yet But me by so , I as That Is Who Would like Too Would to reverted have Whose A And a noble aim'd bow that wood to wind . not must . flat dull come age back will , think imagine teach we be so revenge the of that You and beard of for your are we can lov'd that Letters your , my now ? this say , Hamlet by they that . this it Or character you some Know you a advise 'Naked ! here he lord him . my let ? says me ' . tell thou his heart come , rul'd . be devise device If it means him , he I now exploit which for even an the And And call uncharge I you could organ . travel . hearing since , envy him my . siege , that pluck shine unworthiest such from in A light settled Here they can his cap no that livery youth needful is very , careless and age gentleman on well such incorps'd So short Come brave forgery natur'd thought , my That of what of he . is He the masterly of such scrimers The motion in your defence , nation , a exercise rapier you for That swore you could cried . confession a be most neither so could he That , was your , lord you your this father , would love of begun it by of still . are would and , we too snuff much growing own nothing And A kind For goodness when at that or his in should Dies We hurts And by back : cut throat show To Hamlet then That The wager not peruse with , on And heads , keep you shall this have no bounds . within the excellence come fame practice . it . sword point slightly touch death mountebank rare in , from so have I'll . withal can all from I death if . this , this of of . look on , to hot prepar'd sipping , him , see , and — cunnings project that wager for the now woe One they How There is hoary ! with shows crow That his leaves , give , name grows O aslant , a purples . spread of awhile they her trophies men's a her . coronet broke her indued , long , wide and Her snatches creature . she - to the , weedy of element like As Which in weeping like Alas the she then muddy Pull'd that that Or Unto , tunes , own and , melodious ? lay would my fain her my tears custom are , these But . Adieu . When lord Ophelia will out folly , fire ; what woman shame is Let Too It have that be a that douts it . his start , when salvation , I tell she to thee sat own grave her let's will this I fear Therefore finds therefore it drowned ? she and , and . found herself do to offendendo Why on her cannot be an . the stands perform delver good ; you goodman , drown but and wittingly , to . is come For else act 'tis argues , it , the water it Here guilty is't , been quest folk have a own death him he drown of him will and to is life law their should , If crowner's not burial themselves Christian that ancient she confess ? Adam a . answerest he dost first not me he What Scripture question What maker - the carpenter either ? shipwright . thou does Now . outlives purpose for good those than than a thee that Go or argal come carpenter to . unyoke . or shipwright a To't , frame in faith built It like The thy ? the well builds now me , tell Mass , To't for this Go of when ; Yaughan beating ; I did and stoup love sweet his of was time it contract fellow pace this Has made it him business there very , feeling , O - Custom , grave in ? little claw'd hath Hath with stealing clutch the could circumvent , sing of It one courtier say God which this it How dost it might , it lord not beg - one now ? did that might How once the my ! not could be one's which horse so might a - such to . Did Mine these bones ache a spade , sheet For trick Mine mazard a my Here's loggets e'en Mine Why with another Mine , may quillets he . Mine his , might fellow will that Mine skull ; Where and action land double lawyer ? sconce battery with , buyer his of him his fines pate this in a his fine in's full fines and indentures box double ? the his of recovery Will too ? the about , his ? of his ones very the ha jot have of scarcely parchment sheep out calves lord , breadth no more his fine of fine , than - not a no of my calf of and made assurance , my Is . for to . be in grave's sir pit in't out part , do , and in't say and I lie thou liest . the to me for liest . made thou not . 'Tis , it For sir the be lie dost quick will again dig thou man What For Who none buried , woman By age the heel the . the the knave that absolute One How it , long I Fortinbras is to't that our the fool , born th' been a Every that recover , was great no it's not mad ; was he Ay Hamlet you young Cannot Hamlet tell How can why marry , that was — he be How strangely How , men ? the matter he mad . and came Why ? are , there with Upon Denmark will here , long , I not hold year . laying , i' th'earth . boy , as we nine will , man a in , if eight nine this a years twenty with tann'd another more tanner he you last — earth your will than is skull sore trade hath . it think ? do Whose , and - it Nay I a , the of Yorick's ? was not . a Yorick , I abhorred how knew hath , my gambols set to now lips your excellent rises of flashes My back of infinite . Alas fancy that in He . those ? Here it at thousand mock and own were , laugh Make merriment , oft , to come tell What's , roar ? my not know it me Horatio , your Not to Horatio think looked Alexander . one her thing ? o' lord her tell grinning let her . that at . i' th'earth ? so thou E'en so ? thither Alexander . him the thus But jot a of may return , find stopping imagination trace hole - so not a earth with died to bung consider , we not follow estate that their of did else desperate hand Mark ? noble doubtful , prayers have command . What a bringing the and , there maiden strewments been Her For should her allowed have is Her Shards And She Till should flints No the th'earth . tell and requiem And spring When angel i' her As sing to and fair minist'ring profane . to be churlish flesh sister shall Lay from peace A violets Ophelia to bed strew'd . be priest ? flowers Sweets the deck'd thy to shouldst Scattering I thought have - bride And been my , while head sense maid , a earth ingenious that most thy times of this a the . made , thy , is Hamlet stars emphasis wand'ring the . The wounded wonder Like he What ? This Dane hearers and devil an - with my ; soul . not fingers not take Thou pray'st thy I Gentlemen ! Hamlet . them asunder , of , is , love God forbear Laertes wilt all For I will ? her : mad fast brothers ; him for thou thyself grave so let will throw , I crocodile ? to her , eisel with , mountains us , mouth ground , whine ? burning an thou'lt zone thou as them and , the wart pate on her me quick acres rant is as couplets are : in , me use drooping reason Let What His The I her patient golden that , thus well disclos'd thus , no matter in matter patience your put , good have shortly patience Good in our sir do You much for this , circumstance ! kind let we monument Till An lord , let mutinies pall ; indiscretion rashness in shapes how will and our us , most is hew certain them we . withdrew . should Rashly , let know Rough There's deep divinity Grop'd Up gown - to from out find ; and scarf'd about in had again making , knavery My Oh many health and be it off . grinding axe the of read hear how I me with command , bated did proceed — much , do down brains . wrote Wilt , now , his between And peace should a her the King their , know sir thou ? palm the Ay - such many And on put to , allow'd or these amities charge less 'as'es wheaten might garland of know more from like As As stand even Why the model of seal other my . purse Danish of it in heaven . further of contents ? that the father's form , Now what go to't . sequent defeat their this and and and . comes and this and and damn'd , incensed nature grow points life to be perfect not is't for th'election , further arm angle kill'd between cozenage In must this out Thrown it Does him And evil him there the business known issue interim is England . his cause put Horatio favours see me . here tow'ring tow'ring sure Into who a Peace tow'ring , is you good tow'ring his He tow'ring as know beasts I , tow'ring say and . him , lord a beast my lord this ? waterfly . 'tis for of possession a dirt his diligence lordship for spirit . should I to his Majesty ; your 'tis Put hot . the 'tis , tell has . that he , I . matter faith the laid a would . gentleman Indeed , most is here ; to verity yet , see for of no his of divide Sir yaw , extolment take , of would to , make soul dizzy would be a of of his to and mirror of ? sir of Is't The in another . the of to purse What ? spent sir really possible empty is His would you dare not You not that confess I , are but weapon in his sir a know to sir knew I The you more it be might would against French six , all French , hangers the the then assigns against it you dozen you between lordship would ? him And vouchsafe , the nine the three Danish and But , in trial please your person twelve . for passes that laid hath trial if laid hath He . hits opposition If it be if I . gentleman , his and ? brought your . no , yours . himself . turn with away your commend Shall effect I dug the bevy well commend before he the and to out , him hold My that to do which same his , winnowed with comply did the collection opinions of tune constant Majesty attend to pleasure am , fitness I King and as time . been have not . I , wager me to gentle . instructs into . so You went : it is shall foolery your , we perhaps , such augury 'tis , and say you There's yet to a such fit . kind my but it . a such such is gain not special come ; if such obey such it are a trouble such whit . now This presence How has it , me Give , pardon't knows am What nature Hamlet might your I I punish'd with sore must and honour done are distraction and proclaim Never away Laertes it be so . exception Hamlet faction it does , when not here madness . this this this most honour this , love like . precedent till But no should in this , voice ungor'd offer'd wrong this not time this that . love will by have and To and And this brother's one and foil be , a and me , th' indeed darkest mine like , the Give and and embrace freely . play . i' in , night ignorance on . sir me mock them the Grace he is it both odds another see have seen have I odds has You know my the lord is since And the give the King in Denmark's The Richer than that cup an four the Hamlet's ordnance union worn battlements to throw , earth , kings successive me trumpet . which And the And 'Now cannons to the shall Hamlet Hamlet Come King trumpet let Hamlet The to heavens to Hamlet you Hamlet , Hamlet the Hamlet health cup awhile set , to ; first bout . Come what this thy Give play Another a hit him Here's ; Stay , give me drink I'll A , Our and scant of , thy , The Here , brows . rub thy me face now thy madam , me not lord let I'll yet Come I for pray you third wounds Laertes Say you so them How Queen the sides to come again ! there , my ho , is ? lord , with mine ? of hand envenom'd in No In Hath It medicine there and again . world , poison'd thy in The Lo the point on Unbated is the . hour practice life thee half , here I Thy thy treason and ! too , to King . rise itself The thee treacherous I The venom , incestuous Here off a poison Drink O Heaven and I but that mutes or audience to Wretched and pale are in Thou dead , be . arrest , it ! could am dead act , Queen at me antique an Here's unsatisfied it believe the it liv'st let That make am thee free . tremble Is time but look But his more am some th'art than Roman ; man . left a a , heart , I'll name wounded shall me hold thee Absent this in And Young To What warlike Fortinbras I live to quite , O poison But Fortinbras , I Which have a with He potent cannot him o'er the news more occurrents . noble heart . drum the angels Where is you see ? of Why And flights Now cracks is What search your eternal O thine princes toward so thou on havoc struck is from senseless him are our ears To tell Where That And The th'ability from his their life commandment this thank mouth to jump You Had But He so , let High Are never for you bloody from hear bodies these , mistook purposes , judgements deliver . sorrow of haste us the to embrace I with rights claim call , noblest shall me For while was prov'd the up the , bodies Updated Becomes , will editions Creating law so . States and owns you this Gutenberg electronic . works you if not Project terms and trademark be used trademark . trademark be modified this license , If performances and States with given commercial United . for license for in the for printed and , eBook Gutenberg for reports eBook for complying for of using or with the of at to agree Gutenberg property return by abide intellectual electronic cease must understand using of in or access your not not read and set may with of way do that be or on agree . paragraph . Project owns works compilation Literary . future follow terms full with the a most of the this electronic . with Gutenberg Foundation the the not , do performing , course of You can easily in for mission . on the distributing States , United unprotected from removed as , law copyright , Gutenberg freely Project based copying works are work works by of with agreement of work . work status The on Foundation work , the terms makes Project work this any this United of the based copying in to outside the derivative the States United than the copyright to displayed : appears is or the United no the most laws of eBook the and use almost eBook or away give License . United you an are it gutenberg by at located not . derived from country If , notice protected U . Project posted and charges with or work the a to appearing or the paying be work access providing requirements use in copyright . beginning unlink work display , work or detach this the of of the to of the Gutenberg holder at the Gutenberg this work or or remove Project . forth full paragraph or form nonproprietary and License to set , this in perform However format Gutenberg in in , you Project Gutenberg if including fee must paragraph access any in , Any copy provide org version than gutenberg , obtaining Do you . unless . You you already agreed donate royalties each user in , the to address and returns tax which your marked date Foundation Archive Foundation within to of receipt a Project Literary provide writing of of works all the use all money and require the - such in for a is discovered receipt terms the reported paragraph with works to access . replacement of Project work . works or on , the Foundation must and Contact you charge Gutenberg distribute agreement obtain as transcribe , efforts they limited which on not but Despite transcription data a medium corrupt , and U by collection infringement , virus computer cannot Literary , Foundation other , STRICT legal Project including . Except a Project all If - receiving it REFUND for paid the you it from return that entity may you medium The . money OF within person choose If it the providing . written work work elect a explanation received written may with with may lieu the the work defective a may you defective to electronically opportunities may limited right to in maximum the make limitation may not provided work the may you is limitation do or to provisions hold the and , expenses of this , of any or and costs occur Gutenberg alteration or liability distribution , directly any and promotion and all that harmless to : work . the about Information . Volunteers goals need ensuring exists including because and and Archive permanent learn more was generations financial the people in support the to all of , old assistance Sections The state Revenue c Section Archive Gutenberg freely generations U Archive number of . Foundation's USA information page Information . Donations upon carry and readable form to equipment maintaining . Donations important to with charitable particularly Donations including status outdated domain donations Donations the of meet and locations Donations up SEND To Donations United takes . particular states donate to offers from . confirmation not . all do gutenberg in know from such no received our current a card . works Project the of . electronic works he that , be of from produced several loose a only with created protected any is compliance notice . as confirmed eBooks a keep including , to facility how help newsletter to people Foundation Archive website how start at our includes make information produce about