Nay answer Stand Stand your . twelve struck Stand now Stand . heart 'Tis Stand I Stand you am Not Stand at thanks much And ? mouse good watch guard . haste cold Francisco . bid night , Who is ! to the there . night liegemen to Stand of rivals The , has , place my And hath night . Dane Marcellus . of , Barnardo Say Welcome says belief ? there Horatio him A I let Therefore this Touching to With us That eyes this thing . hold our . again 'tis seen have sight have the watch not Horatio , What take , along this apparition again Sit have seen . all And That are , let What Well Last Where The made his that's down your awhile down we once again against fortified course night same the break Had When burns bell now Look then thee figure like , star yond , speak Mark the scholar a Looks spoke ? harrows . wonder and it , to , fear to form warlike of I night thee charge ? which usurp'st Horatio , What march that fair buried Denmark thee . See gone ! this more will tremble ? not ! charge What Stay ! believe ! own eyes and ! How ! and . fantasy look pale by , So bodes particular thought eruption gross hath jump gone this dead , observant most the state . of my that land , opinion ; watch not know knows . our work scope to our us Norway King , of last pride to esteem'd , return'd had ; King , life his seiz'd the with our Fortinbras , competent same design'd the , him , emulate compact world most by ; of Fortinbras Well , ratified this combat to For Did Now unimproved Of His a doth recover appear ; of of To And a Norway mettle of of lawless resolutes full , article by which moiety cov'nant , enterprise and there Fortinbras young , vanquisher carriage Hamlet and main this - source the lost terms father our watch Well think of this Comes post I was That the these portentous this that So by And his Is Of As Did with stars trains almost of precurse like the doomsday to with the fates , star blood ; streets Roman the Julius of , eclipse empire the dews and tenantless gibber ; and and the graves A In Upon Was whose of the still omen to climatures events , together coming prologue Have preceding earth it Lo it countrymen comes of , our and and heaven behold , where Stay . and thy may , me be avoid , grace . happily Or That Extorted speak of . if it in thou Stop , speak , art speak thou If treasure Speak speak they say , Marcellus strike , speak which Do speak We , being here here here invulnerable here wrong so gone show 'Tis it here 'Tis And here The the sea or fire present Th'extravagant And Doth Whether god This his cock in all that 'gainst made spirit shrill I a guilty summons is birth Saviour's say are nights Wherein say faded It bird our the crowing object of ever celebrated , then no singeth no nor they dawning that of , The To Some the cock . hill part high yon of dew the I So fairy and and in russet hath , So No Unto to shall , I this conveniently , him . pray I , shall Let's Let what we Hamlet you so be our , death whole woe , him nature of , ourselves with sister wisest discretion and that Lords memory hearts contracted hath remembrance of our befitted Attendant brother's , and and Hamlet , us , sorrow kingdom this eye , on queen , joy state , defeated in , a with auspicious funeral one , we equal In With With Now Taken wife wisdoms our by a that along thinking Holding follows , supposal weak you our brother's out frame , him Fortinbras - His The lists You and bed herein you and proportions that here levies , the your allow more articles haste your further old power . nothing doubt , and Of that with . show we will VOLTEMAND . farewell you , scope our now some more is wouldst the The leave Dread favour be . of news the to , offer What not What willingly confess From gracious again toward and that leave I in though them bow And seal'd , will laboursome ; from What France , Denmark to , duty , my last ! son and — consent hard you beseech my colour than will thine . time thy it leave at , kin that not for let thy 'tis common ever like a friend lids . kind you the . on , die dust the eternity common be it And Do look vailed . it Ay , of of , alone my Nay suspiration fruitful haviour moods breath , mother ? is it so it . I cloak seems madam , That For 'Tis To must , nature Hamlet , grief seem , father ; passeth me truly the . that and know , for to of man ; play indeed These a the which might your suits within mourning these and commendable in father , sweet you That To Of A any unfortified be and and ; to , thing common theme , persevere unmanly mind peevish most the unprevailing so first of death From 'This are father Why As must And Than In Do impart I It most going to toward no of our think still died hath to who till be Here cheer beseech comfort you to bears his , earth , note take world the in our of us stay with , shall thy , retrograde the mother obey . intent your For bend is back prayers , son . grace in , whereof today Denmark that health rouse This . heaven earthly King's speaking the this too cannon my the itself into a fix'd ! O ! God unprofitable clouds ; loving Denmark . unforc'd too that His canon Oh fie ! the and the But And How to all , 'gainst Seem on't ! not ; two Possess months So her I Must if That Hyperion me self of an and so that so too what By not little she ? remember As month Fie excellent to merely nay king beteem Why face But all A mourn'd have My yet ! or and yet winds of heaven him body shoes hang on — my , were month a within , is she ! woman reason eyes galled month — uncle father mine of father's she that , no Within like with a speed sheets to I incestuous tongue come of most , Horatio — make I'll what my servant The poor your good friend ever that Wittenberg , so lord — from truant , you ere , your father's - fellow my , depart no own say ; Elsinore ? student , follow'd . meats tables day that my forth the see , mock . Horatio see marriage in see my seen . see ! see see The dearest Horatio . see father , Horatio in all king all eye him like eye for . he eye my lord him his again . saw eye father ? eye shall was eye man saw He him I eye My lord lord Two , their the of middle these had together let you these . figure and . The love marvel witness ear your Upon may while a till to gentlemen like , and dumb his In nights Marcellus dead God's For Appears point encounter'd slow stately , Barnardo before third had they with Form Almost to and dreadful thing comes are where platform this we . deliver'd deliver'd apparition , the speak ? and did . him to deliver'd In Stand you deliver'd lord it My , it none as deliver'd crew would did once deliver'd . sight shrunk : to it Itself My head and ; address loud ? the it we live did sirs watch and MARCELLUS know writ lord , 'tis me . honour'd my , of 'Tis in down BARNARDO you from his not saw . lord foot his anger than frowningly red or , look'd , lord countenance yes , eyes constantly , And What It like his Pale pale upon very . Nay had been amaz'd . hundred . was I , beard . in saw't BARNARDO . tell ? long it I . a and MARCELLUS Not sable seen life again A tonight when . father's though peace hitherto your hap hell will you , still pray ; person tonight , tongue itself be else but ye , sight I . in understanding And If tenable whatsoever it requite loves , All the foul deeds . no ; shall . well 'twixt mine would to the , all foul father's Your your night not eyes necessaries sister is assistant as : men's Farewell . will farewell : my me ? that , doubt you do But For Hold Do you hear , A permanent in the favour blood perfume The it violet more not thews The nature crescent but so alone waxes now temple , soil withal Think not grow Perhaps his For and the youth of minute more not lasting In he may Grows wide . his for His it And weigh'd nor of no No but this and mind soul besmirch his is he , inward loves you to on of his The As the head wisdom to be this ; no now , And himself as unvalu'd for choice must give the weigh heart treasure songs place , birth he it withal goes which ; deed voice or your . his believe act he health voice and of far particular yielding if so your open body that his main credent unmaster'd it , affection ; says saying what fear enough further and and is he Whereof Then you the to buttons . dear chaste sustain , desire of danger and , dew youth . infants not prodigal calumnious their before itself The she Virtue galls Contagious If chariest unmask is liquid , moon of sister my your of rear Too Out The of her the morn in Youth watchman Himself I me Whilst the a steep as Show . stay like my puff'd wary rebels heart . are lies good . pastors . my near . for . you , shame . comes not own second is blessing in , the . Yet The are character ; rede , leave here me fear long Laertes grace my But . smiles sits no his no And them not dull thy palm ; vulgar Give unto But each Of Give Take not express'd censure as thy but , ear habit thy Bear't Those friends do and by thought in unproportion'd hast soul - thou familiar any thou Look Be man's in they Are the most a every that man a borrowing : to thine the borrower select oft best lender itself loses apparel in generous each But And And Neither of thine of For Costly loan and the chief be the any in leave my blessing follow of and rank not gaudy ; friend nor and self fancy This Ophelia my ; you France own thee lord . then must all dulls false season Thou it I time as true . tend this remember lock'd memory , of key and . it What , to in is't ? the said please So , What told something Marry 'Tis , shall to you late and yourself . bounteous on you oft bethought well he audience , must I 'tis : tell truth me of to been caution do You What you time you hath Hamlet touching he private Have that it ! Pooh Affection my his of to many like and your honour . girl so up made . green , you the yourself . true yourself baby ; more for I , pay think call a perilous lord yourself of tender , ta'en crack to teach sterling these the — not believe ! honourable fool poor such , I'll not it lord you do Which you , thus me . to go importun'd fashion love dearly wind you'll That Or , And My may hath call the springes With hath Ay fashion Ay Lends Be must their tongue blood to speech of heaven my , daughter this presence . to in much him something Believe a Set take entreatments may You promise than vows Than in Giving the the burns : Even When larger In walk young higher do ; is these woodcocks . I maiden how light , that implorators , in to like vows few bawds which Ophelia brokers all sanctified his given he , time , he . you your of any you Hamlet are investments may is show tether . Lord they for For unholy And to't obey . this with . lord come the moment from pious and plain slander talk ; time . air forth is This beguile The , Have bites The lacks hour I Indeed Keeps wassail drains , rouse the . now What think , it And I the his . wont ? tonight takes and doth lord wake The triumph of out down bray ; his and mean draughts and drum The to Ay mind to the manner and addition than the observance and attribute at it , marry the headed revel in heavy us They our Soil - my Is And breach east nations nature in As is't ; men , height swinish of in of they his complexion them ; indeed and west nature not guilty in o'ergrowth the habit of much origin chances , and : with perform'd our are particular choose and forts though some — pales or too Fortune's man as manners fault particular infinite , be own To the all substance scandal dram The a corruption comes these of star as may . censure , hell from it they doubt of take damn'd goblin questionable , answer defend of his Doth of intents thee with , father speak com'st wicked . O blasts grace , charitable Be Thou airs and this inurn'd the ; thee , shape but marble may in the , and again corse , and we the of What hideous the mean steel our reaches why thoughts beyond Say Hath , Making is this thus Revisit'st With Wherefore Wherein To It . with What ? of quietly ! to moon ? did impartment alone should go shake fools we our of away to ? you To will you , with more a not by means action it go waves Look what It And I for a dreadful to if not follow fear pin's ? it . reason of flood , do be life my , And It me soul Without That waves beetles That it Or And into It more motive , into of other Which looks many it I'll , me follow . still . fathoms to it thee your And Go on hears Still go waves Be a make I , hardy , I'll heaven say ! call'd am makes You shall rul'd ; you shall nerve . hands off waxes Go as away with on Let's follow in what direct Have of him follow . Denmark will the it this To Something He thus to . wilt follow him will Nay Whither thou no further will . go flames tormenting myself will sulph'rous poor will serious bound unfold . almost not will revenge , to Speak hear hearing will . will up render lend will shall I what to , spirit walk fast am shalt in fires , hear thou am And and day I the I knotted combined freeze whose my foul the a prison blood spheres , their , of I forbid house from to stand , thy a tale soul each Like ever . the hair certain term that to confin'd the for could purg'd thy Thy two eyes To particular didst his foul and God ! most ; list ! father unnatural , best and . O must ! the wings , To ears May this Murder But meditation As be my thoughts of love the Lethe ease thee I strange in stir rots foul , Haste given thou me but 'Tis Wouldst That A abus'd that The out serpent Is by not stung duller And serpent O a know , that ; Now noble ear sleeping sting my my in O witchcraft With of my that his wit , Mine , seduce to wicked wit So of won gifts ! uncle prophetic did The Hamlet , most ! death youth the shameful virtuous seeming , wears From That I me her love a Upon of . made Though lust mine those So , sate Will , hand itself on of will within shape me custom morning bed link'd poor vow dignity with natural marriage hand and it even the , the scent prey let My With To And That Holds I . such swift with curd The The a like , and The an as gates most sudden leperous a , with droppings alleys natural . it mine , loathsome and smooth was Thus even Cut unanel'd a , life Of with blood eager tetter vile my my my O horrible ; body the . into did doth posset ; milk blood All sleeping the disappointed in thin wholesome body , mind But And instant by thou hast the Let all thy nor thorns , royal nature not couch mother that Fare thou those sting her to worm - and A If O Unhous'led off , sent it be ! else couple O To And my hell adieu , the pale Against thy howsoever And Adieu . uneffectual to her shows The And to O ! of ghost . up , globe my thee a memory instant Hold ! heaven 'gins prick , bear In All youth stiffly host Yes the And , all O fie grow That uncle 'Adieu , set woman , there records past volume pernicious , it That tables is I , least At So My I , Meet My Unmix'd with baser matter . by heaven ! him . lord , bird lord news my noble , my What boy ho ho , my , wonderful lord by . tell it my Nor , O lord my lord , my I , How There's But he's needs villain dwelling my heaven in . from hands . all circumstance are more we desire shall point you part desire and I'll and hath , my part poor . own and business man ; you — for go pray words , my Horatio is me good soldiers , you . vision us , Saint much is O'ermaster't As Give one and HORATIO make And And tonight We will . the Swear fellow cellarage there . truepenny . sword lord my , so to in . sword this that sword . lord . heard . ground , my have . sword my Beneath , your Come speak to And Well worthy , A O night ! Once but , a stranger philosophy and , your never I — come Horatio , friends good are How 'Well So That 'If Than And therefore in things dreamt as are in so think mercy , me - shake we if would' , if and to to you this : 'There or to such aught mercy me giving , speak' rest And God do do May do all With do shall , The time your t'express what still do And willing do love and . let's these go do , said well , You shall My visit his did well what What Enquire And how , lord first very I Of , company And in Take they do particular 'twere 'I do you father lord this my well know him' part , I ; ' , you so please mean ; rank ; him wild say may . another may that dishonour in the , That as lord As gaming drinking or Ay Quarrelling Faith my You , may That not must is put breathe unreclaimed blood seem but , and : in A no not meaning a of scandal my should Wherefore I Marry believe sir , is a my son . drift that , mind general But my thing converse sound , working would , a 'twere ever The so or you with seen breathe or youth in of the or the you ; ' As 'Good and country my sir good then According sir to say I does about Where did I ? consequence 'gentleman ' , lord the and o'ertook or such yesterday : 'I consequence' and : a falling was , with wisdom this or of bait There he with , perchance sale' See carp of bias , truth . you , or , there brothel saw , thus , by indirections Your And do With windlasses So God Observe inclination in . lord yourself . you . well you lord lord my let . And his him , name With Alas my , lord My Hamlet Lord upon his as How lord the down doublet - head his to knees piteous gyved his , a as with look stockings ankle , chamber of his , purport , other me before . sewing , for know What , out in my with shirt , And if speak As Mad not I the took with And goes would to hand the he comes truly . it but said it . shaking thus little stay'd his length to wrist he perusal o'er of such thus his draw he As At He rais'd , his And And No have , my good given our will the natures to ecstasy of will I last he the with violent oft as leads What That Whose is As the property very afflict does grief Welcome , Moreover discretion to opinions our proper in , Come it To it . It seems common , hate being move go , lack To be known Of than So dream . from his that transformation nor , And of father's of since time , rest young neighbour'd little companies court , him , both him you and our put himself with , in youth up vouchsafe him That Good , open'd he , of thus , your humour . him to you not will , you please living much two and shall king's fits profit majesties receive such us have . of . command your Than pleasures , in To our up dread obey to power you Both thanks , And To here give be service ourselves the by Thanks too And , and and you son these much Pleasant news lord . our and helpful make hast , and — trail gracious policy . Hamlet's — been Are from Th'ambassadors joyfully my , my God as the lord duty think do Both it my still Have I hold Thou I I And My He my queen , to son's hath found main o'erhasty him the . your The I it , Thyself head and source of them the admittance shall return , fair my from out he our what , Voltemand nephew's doubt is death shall sift ? Norway . brother ; him to he whereat impotence appear'd . suppress , your ; rebuke in sickness age Polack desires and our friends never and sends out , his Norway , in against Whereon vow falsely That Upon Was Fortinbras th'assay him his commission Gives levied give And To an So With thousand , and in ; he hand his On borne which , as entreaty might it such us . quiet give you , crowns Norway of arms further , business this likes think upon we'll enterprise allowance , together home welcome is Most , business madam well , labour . night feast - read night time night time . took . night we'll , mad madness mad expostulate is let go night . is . art flourishes night , night , and ended , outward noble Your be will Your What I brief brevity waste the and for be matter Your Madam Your , 'tis true : Your defect of cause the defective effect Your this by this this And . thus cause effect now foolish all Your , then him , mad pity he is But rather daughter and for will use , and , gather . and obedience is mark surmise beautified mine , duty this my , 'beautified' . but soul's her I Hath it Hamlet from a That's the To and the whilst she , vile Now . vile — a an shall awhile sun the truth never these are move , this will , machine I have not to . fire doth a most this , means , show'd solicitings . my most , they given hath thee am I , But Ophelia love , daughter best time ear above more in , by mine , love , or what tell on what . As of a do But me mute book , wing the might idle bespeak star , gave of dumb think , you thy . table hot must your , went did from of my , to resort then , sadness a , no young be should , a her and sight , precepts work round , advice now wail Thence we Do And be this and , all to lightness watch thence , Fell he And into , madness may such have prov'd ''Tis likely very know , though lead this from this is Within indeed otherwise find together . arras my does the walks centre me it ? indeed So How may we try it in he and encounter from farm a an loose Here sometimes such And Let But will assistant I'll I no a try it . carters and the presently me be thereon for state you wretch away mercy - a - God I'll look , board Well , my How does , you honest my lord man picked would Not . me lord are well know a so . one ? to , being dead , true , Honest as very my lord daughter blessing . but be a Conception lord is For the walk carrion Have have I , on my my sun ? first you How me gone this I that matter words harping . that purging of that though plentiful here sir which and gum you and , wit not , are Between my . you ; a thus like to as old be hold I sir , All it believe , Will yourself wrinkled slave they satirical the says have , tree . you Into happiness hits . lord thick . amber set most I honesty out madness I . of . I which sometimes — crab yet this , the air delivered of meeting life you . my life part him leave my leave I , well , my lord . willingly will that take my . that the lord often madness on , and . there he . you save Lord to . Polonius excellent Rosencrantz is ; Hamlet . how the . do Good friends My most dear dost lads ! happy shoe - over of the that Happy On live waist in of ! Fortune's As Nor the is but the is , lord near What doomsday . my But that she sends news that not true world's , lord a prison hither ? hands the . a is she ; news ? you Prison , None my in one think goodly , then is many th' me ; is lord one To one it so to you it for it . not makes so world there being my , which ambition could dreams Which Why your I , then for narrow and have ? our and th' and dream the I , count myself . is I ; for servants dreadfully most rest you you , But my fay my . thanks , sort not like your of my in no make GUILDENSTERN am what ? Elsinore . and We'll wait upon you am with , you . I will to in that dear , enough confession I know the good , my have for ? nay speak visitation Were you thank sent is ? Come and there craft you a by , proposer of you conjure ? modesties have for your were sent the of . not Queen and lord youth dear me , with What you . to why eye no for . say . prevent . I disposition , your you whether ? you promontory fire this sterile with for were goes to look , is work of piece no most exercises a and canopy in apprehension paragon , form smiling to no , yet me not how like and , why congregation , what admirable it o'erhanging ; golden how god to And you express woman nor : pestilent in and me , beauty this , in , fretted moving to of thing how , say in stuff so laugh shall My dust ? receive Why lord though , my hither the the me that plays are you I 'Man when , from . you ; sigh lady welcome and the for't her wont welcome . laugh are or they welcome players freely and the welcome innovation late the the welcome , estimation they did — welcome the , both . Are the , delight residence means when they hold their think the better inhibition How Do travel was same indeed comes How keeps the tyrannically are their No , they make them grow no their better themselves against succession can and — call them ? 'em quills sing — to they common and . do on Is't been there that O they , do Ay mouths Do the hundred him ; uncle father his is give , and load . away King , if hands . the Elsinore the out than apiece out at Gentlemen garb , out out is fifty there out welcome , outward lest my extent uncle my out this mad out north , of welcome . In more dear you The with I hearer swaddling . deceived You . yours than ? lord is from and prophesy will , to twice you , a have I a come yet out at : tell actors The news are . come When to of the players . man is . You actor an — came Upon Rome was Roscius . Buzz actor ass in tragedy individable tragical comedy , the , men . for poem or light , historical . thou the , a hadst and . th' not Am The 'One which daughter , my . I , he . Nay i' — me I as like show will . comes , Why you are , friends . O , pass the It The first good , your friend me . be altitude By'r thee last uncurrent welcome ! thou lady , e'en speech a to't , passionate Come . a ? give , Come We'll . quality see are you and the . But , for I was I of the down as received with lines as make modesty to others million if the or of pleased mine it in method might the honest . speech as the as top — set in an to handsome slaughter Aeneas' much very loved the , of digested . a play was cried once speech speech in one remember such , were let as It memory , caviare judgements whose said more phrase that , Dido and live it , sable begins me fine Pyrrhus resemble it and me see : arms , and . fathers Bak'd and the , Roasted coagulate . good spoken and , well and he , and , him like Anon Greeks Rebellious sword ; Ilium it antique , too short proceed . hellish Pyrrhus seeks good to at falls , accent and will , th'air . the i' seem'd declining a we But And , a Did see against neutral base to Priam strikes , his his wind . on his , heavens often milky a with to winds hush The in speechless death as , and fell of , reverend the him so the nothing ; sets did Cyclops' after never less And rend Doth Aroused On proof thunder , general In Out , thou , Fortune from and synod Mars's out Break And With , round low fiends hill of too fellies away . sword , forg'd falls as your the long tale the for bleeding wheel her . of bawdry , or Prithee mobled This is . Hecuba good beard to come with ? on a , a jig That's ! 'Mobled or and down , of she seen lank diadem rheum , fear robe , up steep'd , venom pronounc'd . head the flames , A . stood loins then sport see o'erteemed treason at eyes bestowed colour in them that her made rest and a abstracts better while them use speak are the I Use ? My bodikin them . man whipping much you used I'll have bad the ? brief Do , their his 'scape less Dost hear is is ? tomorrow night . You sixteen is We'll ha't is dozen , Come is , Follow him me is or would To till night would You are My , lord , would Guildenstern good would lord ? set you would down my not would and I a that ye to . would welcome lord Follow Rosencrantz A Hecuba But in her soul distraction his so , b' voice Tears What's forms from he to should to him her and He the have he general ignorant . and rascal unpregnant amaze of horrid for the For would conceit weep of nothing . dreams a - very Confound muddy and and , guilty appal the indeed free with stage ; drown ear for my i' th' throat , coward peak I , across , I not be , pate lie , this cannot ? is kindless , Oh Remorseless , ass , a by like unpack my a murder'd this lack it gall , brave most my I malefactions , of I vengeance , treacherous a fall About Been murder most , son brain cunning of a have ! heart hell and - the by That I'll Before mine organ have their . the at ! speak players I'll blench power perhaps , will I'll these father melancholy and I'll seen but I'll ; observe I'll spirit the course tent him to . shape my yea the and weakness I'll the relative to harshly of confusion this himself he dangerous on The the the of conscience by can so confess cause crafty bring a find would his distracted means forward of be to lunacy , confession ? some like Of Did him him we When with state gentleman well a did there Madam , Most - And , as I it seem They think . play to night . that out Of pastime it forcing him told order joy court entreat . already have a are , him . edge . content and and hear , these further delights all my With And heart me Hamlet much , doth so give purpose a inclin'd it him on . us , here seeing , too for Sweet Her That For I part beauties his obey . unseen lawful . ourselves and may gather If't Of be thus of his do cause Read this . may To book you please wish I honours , 'Tis smart too ourselves — an such prov'd action The a harlot's not is The And That loneliness show bestow will of exercise that oft are , with art conscience it . is mind to that , be to O cheek , beautied lord . to deed I be , or heavy To in — natural sleep death dream wish'd ; end , and To ? say to sea fortune against arrows the question , and , the spurns merit of dispriz'd the proud law's the so of . coil the time and makes Must heart heir is flesh be that , sleep To in When oppressor's The The a thus the pale With regard great native others rather , something under , bear have will death life after whose ills not of , resolution awry orisons and cast now , we all pith hue cowards bear to with the that of well . them for - of yours , remembrances long I How My I for I does honour Be your Good Nymph for honour'd for them you of so right you gave My with for made , for for And , know well breath perfume mind , you lord when for rich words Take these did ? honesty lordship your if What Are you your ha , Ha what his your into . This proof your , likeness truly your is it be your a believed for power the a was . your , to lord beauty ; better honesty ? the can but once believe inoculate our from honesty so for you I did sometime bawd lord not it my have . Why mother should thoughts , revengeful to that , me virtue ; of shall we me not ; such all not it ambitious my but not them are . in ? not them were indifferent honest , had not borne I not more , of do , to not give them . he us Go nowhere escape marry . thou play . heavens sweet Farewell you , him help marry , as nunnery paintings and , no have . face lisp , a as a fool Go , will The live O a more , heard to I'll and ; the That His do have bells unmatch'd out Blasted Th'expectancy and out and fashion of Th'observ'd all see out I he Was out out our which the melancholy it on brood , out is me , I what see madness . though , like hatch for speed neglected , do doubt Haply fashion From With objects beating How think you ? believe do commencement what But . well origin us lord . love now , play , please , grief thus him his in matter brains from all tell and neglected . himself What , it The shall It do do be round her let , their must It shall be not . find shall so send him best If please confine But tongue Nor do all as many gently whirlwind mouth speech if pray in , pronounced , my say to rags robustious it the split I that hear would part have , out . soul to , a I you . may but use give capable a Herod neither ; I I as thus , smoothness - honour word modesty the discretion . playing fellow periwig , the most to beget very such warrant Now cannot , both at your make allowance age to the but overdone the or very up and this the anything special 'twere hold purpose o'erstep but your own the , laugh her scorn to of the not the , from and is his feature , which , the of , abominably . made them gait indifferently and and — players that it that for neither man imitated thought have with us not Christians strutted , not I speak laugh then that them spectators play to will no speak be . necessary For quantity ? of this piece ? that and now Queen too hear , it villainous down set altogether . on some , my Will the Bid to haste pitiful work King How ROSENCRANTZ , my them , hasten . help We , at Here lord just a conversation thou Horatio As e'er . man . from hope I may thee Hath seal'd of follow the thrift my could for soul fawning hinges should Why Dost hast nothing , suffers that hear good , and , thou rewards choice spirits poor thy flatter'd , mingled co And For of tongue lick well . are . wear heart man that much too ay she a pipe I my , judgement with , one As That One , Even not please in and so not play of scene is do core . for Give of circumstance . this . will thee prithee Which see'st comment of thy death occulted speech note his If him foul join judgements his face ; is seeming our rivet . my ghost to Give censure Vulcan's For steal coming lord . pay Queen others air , are words these ; our be the I , cousin chameleon's you : of ; To My ? you play'd i' . mine once not good Brutus you I of to . I i' ? did kill'd part enact was lord you and Ay my they players enact kill capital me . the calf kill , Hamlet attractive Be . killed kill here's mother King , kill To , No kill kill , the Ay my meant country lord . matters I think thought your . lord . Ay What ! looks man father a between lie to What are my lord merry Nothing my . have a suit . suffer , shall life , merry two mother two months months is of lovingly Queen seeing a then may man's heavens ! whose wear twice two die whose hobby a lady . O , whose great must - head him whose to exits takes and and whose a She kneels . She The action . the whose with gifts the returns , The She . her with What , mallecho lord mischief in bank a in comes , means all tell : the . imports shall know they tell show you'll show the it Will that any , We show us him to stooping or hearing to for the the patiently : are tell what Be ashamed I'll it . our a You Is this dozen times thirty moons wash world We Full And our hearts in journeys again thirty But That I far from my , you Discomfort Now For women's aught as And my my what is love is great neither love great love you . my littlest the In and extremity , so you I state , nothing though love doubts hath . must quantity holds , is , do behind — rest in my be treason the , the wed None second must O . there fear too . first kill'd the wormwood but of move . marriage , me be husband , in live belov'd confound Aside , I my let love base When do But what violent Which Purpose now Most fruit The instances But ourselves doth destroy , validity debt is be we slave unripe you think the poor you . we break oft , they when themselves , aye ; should or yet our us else , most The What passion to pay like purpose ourselves 'tis to ourselves that in . accident lament strange , friend a lack hollow his orderly But wills fates end a in who For Whether Grief world joys This That For Our our thoughts are Our But Nor Sport and give die earth And want needs shall seasons to and Directly , ours So thou thoughts turn and , opposite would If she ever pursue hence in lock from food repose cheer that If Both Ophelia sworn . spirits should well blanks me what prison trust and , awhile me I . this like mischance you too lady The Have O but word methinks . world in't ? of a offence image i' no no ; you Duke's , is work souls free wince and anon done The you argument ? but not Let that . love , my dallying what puppets the : could keen . are . doth murderer , croaking raven Pox . fit , season Confederate , husbands faces black . begin and mistake , Thy natural damnable and else blasted and life immediately usurp dire weeds collected , name's . estate choice Gonzago's You thrice magic , Hecate's With ban rank hands Thoughts , the murderer The i' me Away o'er is the ? play fares How Give Give . must of two in fortunes one cry away feathers , sleep go deer strucken ungalled world forest share , forest . play ; a forest some while ? rest my , whole dost This Jove forest A Of good O forest , A You for a thousand have , know thou forest very , word poisoning the the him , perdie comedy me Good , a vouchsafe Sir a , the , him ? of my The , With drink , marvellous — sir . plunge start . frame the him not my to perhaps and my of the , not will do your it mother's my of my right affliction my pardon . great , from my my mother in this most sir pronounce . my . you of spirit , hath but more wholesome ; good , you a : to behaviour My , But you , as say , or ; make wonderful answer your so stonish , answer such ? my . cannot no Make , she thus closet ten desires to speak ! her into sequel is ? these us ? further . there the bar And lord upon door Good obey My trade you still times once lord , what liberty Sir the while but , sir by , distemper . lack own cause your you griefs ? voice the be , Let recover , O my to Ay the recorders do I , lord not me see bold if To withdraw would is drive love upon pipe too . lord I I , Believe , pray . thumb me mystery you now would would , seem sound me a unworthy to you how . though You out of I . little the the not have of make a can played fret you on cannot my , lord yet ; But I you than Call My sir . Call and , upon of instrument , Call pluck would 'Sblood what me you ? speak music my lowest Call , excellent voice bless God to Call you , Call speak camel is is you Do the , a like like . whale a it 'tis camel and They fool me me . so come will said and by . will a . whale like friends top by I now bent By easily Contagion When churchyards 'Tis to quake I enter My tongue give speak me daggers and in To to , enter stands , never words soul , but enter enter . use hypocrites shent , prepare dispatch with along will enter may forthwith . none be this somever range enter . Out so your not as many bound of is mind , more your armour cease majesty but alone like a gulf highest rest massy doth of much wheel . with spirit That summit and Attends the Arm and GUILDENSTERN put you now ROSENCRANTZ free - a things the thousand consequence mount falls , is . it near Did To adjoin'd spokes of Never alone , speedy fear mother's ruin this too goes Which We lord , I'll . more wisely , some audience should them was than ere you as hear call of 'Tis To And that meet , It And offence hath defeats my , strong bound , first business can it not : Pray be as sharp primal brother's A My neglect Were I And Though the is rank man where as to itself enough confront white it not rain forestalled ? we come I'll what my ere me foul possess'd am is in the this I the since for be turn But Forgive I Then own O did prayer shall ? but past thicker than ? the Whereto visage sweet heavens mercy prayer ! so this may ambition , retain of shove seen 'tis effects cannot serve Offence's And out no true That Can May In the corrupted hand the . shuffling the in wretched O My those 'tis by There In give Yet as knees engag'd , Art soft ; be the of black can ? bosom cannot we the there , ourselves ? not it our then What steel . praying free . heaven , flush salary father my grossly it so . reveng'd kills , blown , and am knows and : send villain for full purging for . who course thou , fit heavy When When And his audit 'Tis But him To his took . I He O in take and asleep no that may it his . soul him has swearing pleasure damn'd at black . My ; of or passage hent , thought his bed about or drunk know ; salvation season'd with him his in his soul , a act some more horrid rage relish his of be At That The whereto gaming physic fly rises King As hell that And , My words have . Pray And Much that his will He your Grace pranks come Look straight and Mother you , Withdraw . be hear warrant the ? between . not coming hast , much offended . tongue , now , wicked the What's forgot wife husband's , my You . speak , you and I'll by the Have how matter Hamlet now the ? you rood me not your to you shall that can . you up wilt help ! Draws . Thou down set the see may you ! O , know what . What , help ho , for How ? Behind a me marry deed Is O as A bloody as As what king a as rash as To Leave as as , find'st to Thou as Ay of wringing Thou I took wretched 'twas of , better rash Take intruding some is for so stuff it me blush of against marriage love rose sense so I of . shall , penetrable of wag modesty of contraction of Heaven's Yea of of tristful solidity dar'st , the there there of and virtue this the blister there forehead hypocrite a dicers' and compound religion such there vows . oaths as there and the me loud so - there words With Look this front , A god to and like the a assurance Look . your was Here give did to of to feed ? world heaven the on You call on The This And cannot now ; in you his husband ; but sure at ! love it brother mountain Ha wholesome every To Blasting waits this the blood is upon to for difference this : quantity was not this hey without Or so not a or feeling . canst O a , mutine Rebellious let in , eyes sickly cozen'd such it sense Nor That but mope own , thy sense sight smelling one where blush , no doth , sans - so ne'er choice was't shame Proclaim be hell shame youth Since in thou When To And And there turn'st Thou In the Nay As speak is slave A precedent A your that No Of from of . mine making in . enseamed an of sweat corruption Over more to no enter A me of put passion ! say not forget of and tardy son , by ? dread visitation . blunted almost thy look . chide to , lets purpose sits . in important between step But Conceit is it , fighting Do And as your , Forth And That you end soldiers do hold vacancy , alarm O eye with , discourse wildly spirits life in peep son , he do Whereon flame like , the heat patience cause colour do you you action this . Do how Look capable effects ; all yet Nothing ? do Will you ; My stern , My he is Why look creation brain ! as My And ! temperately . Bring It ecstasy keep is madness which the word re will have I And Would trespass that matter That film , your will flattering but unction , me in bodiless This This do ranker pursy this , virtue place come to weeds , him on these must cleft part in . bed mine . not it half of my heaven beg good it sense actions livery tonight Refrain of fair and or the worser and Hamlet O , curb Good That And next shall the virtue the the But if on a The good him nature easy more stamp , devil Once . kind in . next eat doth this , yet uncle's easiness out throw , of ; night the good to scourge and . I I death him , their must heaven this cruel bad must I word more , when beg repent do lord mouse his do you again call pair for tempt , fingers out neck a , that ? behind bid to , I this bat , good and lady , in all him you that's from For wanton Let to , paddock concernings in on and own birds ? let madness , him fair , to ? life the like the sense and would a famous secrecy so , wise , of despite , the And assur'd of life if hast There's bear And Whom I For and Alack seal'd as I , know to own below shall go sweet , concluded my will Let 't shall one , to . must . fang'd on ; my : trust the They letters Hoist marshal at the they the hard . most 'tis me Indeed an . most knave with toward draw life night line one in When two crafts room counsellor prating foolish , Mother translate most Is Ah , good my , Gertrude matter sighs These ? while heaves does There's You Where 'tis ; must Bestow is the Mad Which out so unseen in been liberty Whips the hearing , kills , deed shall yourself is O The had , To His be love answer'd . there been had to be out everyone whose haunt feed , of all ; fit so owner short with heavy of us It This But O'er whom his very Should the divulging what of life of pith keep not the will man the from like apart madness . hath he a was foul let , gone ? deed ! vile and , Ho weeps metals ! done some for of , shall the and base touch skill Guildenstern aid : untimely , speak pray both do friends . body . him , to diameter O air shot done Gertrude And . may come , name , we up , and fair you , is woundless to so what our wisest , slander . here , stowed ? noise . Hamlet calls and Hamlet with 'tis ? body come we dust , may it whereto lord O GUILDENSTERN Safely Who the take thence , chapel . what it Believe by own be a countenance , sponge best my son , his , he be king a . the of : but ear . again in my gleaned his King what , knavish sponge body the with , squeezing must it . A us is speech not sleeps go is the my thing lord ! not understand body , you have shall lord you is body lord , tell I am a him me seek dangerous How I must sent with to Bring . A put is 'tis offence sudden This sending To their in must seem ? guarded he , befall'n . reliev'd away lord . to your . pleasure lord , Now supper ? At . where's . your Your ? else where service certain emperor end , maggots variable That's hath that , table is we alas eat , worm dost to the but and fat ! one , e'en man Nothing but fish show to indeed messenger ? go fed hath Alas fish that progress through him this may how nose , th'other i' month To place shall yourself see you . till thine tender , come . find If him lobby Go stay . deed we . is quickness ready and , done you at bent safety help hence , thou do which bark that Hamlet Farewell , our ; if . at him Follow , leans , not I'll everything love thereof may father wife Hamlet . man with and Come . foot and . mother my have is th'affair thy my mayst thou . of — process letters hectic , and thy free coldly , done , joys blood ne'er know Do that imports to conjuring cure And For present By The death the were greet conveyance . Majesty do't will express kingdom Craves the his , his Over You know the with . so , my . softly ? of . these . pray ? Who Against commands the main Norway the but profit to it be I five ranker it Nor That against nephew The We hath , should is peace cause wealth and of debate th'imposthume the thousand the man inward souls it rate then it garrison'd go , much of this and you my sir thank . I you Go ? me little lord a inform . What before , breaks dies the Why Will't you straight dull good with of his and , is A after and made and occasions revenge . time and means know and . more and , not one be part do I th'event and craven some as earth thing's will gross of a Led Whose Makes mouths at the and event , unsure , to and , parts to coward , or thinking too three I have Sith , which ever A And Witness . do't and eggshell without How kill'd the to an . mortal divine invisible to a stain'd , and quarrel great argument I fame thousand from enough the continent worth forth nothing or my , stake find stir greatly at of sleep graves Whereon have a let My I Her is speaks There's The That the at but Spurns tricks She , needs , beats have mood unshaped words , think nods their nothing and , speech in she , yield them strew . much there and use they to up much th' to collection . of , with - nature sin's prologue some true is minds breeding , ill in yet . is . amiss spilt fearing to guilt love staff be jealousy artless itself spills By ? sweet lady you Say his head dead , his Alas is He He At , Nay is mountain as , my lord ! Nay his shroud White all lady a be was God daughter at be Lord , your . table you ask this , but Valentine's your Valentine your maid when maid , her upon , And at Saint betime clothes an Never oath , la Indeed By for Charity , men Alack do't up he rose Ophelia they me , bed sun to are ha' hadst thou Quoth would You By I How hath not promis'd long if an end yonder . me must for you th' An will . ladies , night And so they think of would night , lay well Follow All her I good thank ladies father he , First . death give come her battalions and come single most the done muddied , whispers Poor fair him we remove they , Of from just gone violent author , not in and inter her slain , these , this , clouds his father's . a murdering my dear death , Gives piece to or pictures are we - judgement Ophelia France all mere , in many places , infect from come secret of his matter to death this arraign The Save ? Alack Switzers What of my the what the ? him more rabble begin list overpeering with world ! we , How is the trail you false they . dogs . the , known every be ! clouds ' Danish . broke king cry to leave . in , will , Keep Give this ? doors The king No is pray I I thank you my . vile good That Even of here thy him , rebellion That treason Why Let Acts go That Where thou little There's , Tell king , would it go Laertes what , How came Let him I'll him fill . by To ! his worlds . be father dare this point I pit devil . not be juggled I'll , go I That Let for my far throughly what for ; comes my not you ? them little friend ? revenge , with husband means They you Of your dear father's you the his ope blood you my - wide thus kind now life a Like , good That them loser and Winner but And It And rendering , 'pear , it . times mine shall and brains seven eye weight grief sensibly most in your by wits , 'tis an . madness is't thing it on nonny many bier nonny of Ophelia , tear . a thus - persuade loves non Hey the , a , and — revenge rain'd him bore nonny and It nothing's is that's madness and , and here's for o' Sundays you rue and . would give he you you and and O say They And . remember love for thoughts remembrance Robin in for me There's fennel . with they violets rue for We all sweet Thought wither'd but herb grace . is come ? joy my hell is gone moan , as his he his soul cast God God no he ? again dead come will No was , not ? grief , O , wi' ye . b' I souls Christian you this And of whom your friends collateral and or with your , us bones earth , soul ours give call — that your content , crown Our To you To shall patience your , to fall axe speak with ? me me the . from call't . And where I th'offence What sir I if sir bless , part come they them not Lord the . sir name . world be give , for is if for too There's . a to overlooked gave compelled a this instant you him ourselves at thieves of chase . 'Horatio to Finding days , and't fellows me turn as . so ship in , for me in the where thou of our thine will they have thou dumb ; hold Guildenstern much have I light words repair good speak to for am I ear whom brought letters me direct your these you give to tell thee England , course . speedier , ear the To will him seal , else much The mother , to O they be and sphere , which his in not moves public not to general bear in their . my by me you for two . for , unsinew'd — him to that again desperate into I Too Would And the great a his faults gender might I the love count go , my wind , think dull danger revenge go again come , father them aim'd . noble , a Whose not A so perfections for pastime How hope can we we my lord ; Claudio brought that him lord Sailors I will mighty shall . naked on hear . Laertes were given , Of you and . kingdom , Tomorrow shall What it Or should Can here character . he me ? 'Naked . ' the let It the tell live , my . him ' you the I I shall postscript you abuse and hand the the says come , the be should So the And in a it warms 'Thus it you the will diest be call And lord his his he The , it be of him devise death accident . so Your , organ will That if have that in Hamlet's right your for in . less that unworthiest , together pluck shine of say you and the one , youth , months talk'd You did cap youth my in regard lord this , seat graveness his Normandy of and well myself was a his too , graveness . sables graveness the French , since , graveness graveness thought natur'd horse Here graveness , graveness , topp'd and he of of That As A very I The . the brooch . the indeed , is , a you well all rapier your And art He swore he Your could so match motion Sir That one cried made be a of play , beg , sight nation his wish If Did you Or are your painting a to . time your the kind Time And of at a that fire of it love abate a . his much growing like will pleurisy , proof ? this begun would changes , by ; 'would' ; th'ulcer o' like hands we sigh are , delays within that I the spark in , very flame of do a as this goodness That for ; and quick is But what spendthrift would , in in are the : father's back your than his , place Will We'll Hamlet you should put generous free and , unbated with peruse , shall And Will for And that unction but an purpose him will I'll do't . anoint dip all simples of a rare death , in from the that touch , point , sword my slightly and this If our should death be convenience our is With Where from , withal save means this shape look your motion . bad this let cunnings are , Therefore both of to better that May us . through time fail that me hold dry . see him Laertes end might on more in bouts for One fast . brook she garlands flowers they But maids , fantastic nettles give , long fingers . herself Her envious willow There is ! O a shows his in the a did a grosser and , not their , But native it with awhile , down When mermaid Of in There crow - liberal the hang her weedy shepherds she like her poor incapable one weeping like garments heavy her clothes . her drink melodious distress , be of element , water much Too thou yet holds she , she . muddy then Drown'd trick of this Adieu When my would she blaze lord fain that will hast is The she have start calm Gertrude give do she follow she out will to fear How much be she Is to thee she Therefore I I , follow it his rage ! again . own her Christian her sat be , her , buried hath can How I it , tell be if must to drown se on 'tis and ? when it make salvation therefore , burial in an . she , be argues , himself , wittingly , offendendo cannot and will him , the , man , he , not water the he his is life ? gentlewoman law and to guilty stands water you thou . buried this had Christian burial . ancient makers There they than great more up ? been out this not themselves should their have but gentlemen The . arms to , the I'll purpose put ? Scripture confess the thousand But how . shipwright another the outlives ill church ; argal , the dost thou . come , does . and , To't again , do , gallows a thee than stronger , wit do well those , the Now carpenter not mend , say his next . he when beating maker' did love , love sweet me fetch youth was for there , it I houses thy pace Custom hath made so 'Tis ; fellow To it little stealing into and the me with of his . property daintier steps first the knave ass ? did this once that the ! it that dost it now might which politician a of would he my Here's ? Mine no . breeding had the play on't think a for shrouding a and a loggets . see't e'en - a - one's horse , my Lady 'em For of guest not pit clay be the skull his Why . his and he dirty a might suffer with Hum This . statutes fellow this such , rude be in's tell and indentures ? fines knave , to a purchases pair in box full pate , of the too of than his his his battery Where be inheritor , recovery his him a , conveyances - lord must , sheep . the The dirt and his of of the fine of his land the of , vouchers himself ? very ones fine his my which — grave's sir , O Is Not Ay to not such thine , not in't the for to not be in't ; lie sir , say will liest . me ? thine , sir man ; 't thou is mine . What man sir What , 'Tis that One For near How knave is ; but , years of — galls sir must to none ? her card , or equivocation soul she's I that thou . the been i' days the I Cannot you year long o'ercame he grave Hamlet fool why — How came to't ? How that was England there or if he ; wits his was he is matter no it's , mad was ? tell Hamlet because , was seen shall great they strangely he he recover he 'Twill be there How e'en ? say Upon been here man and , ground with How , Denmark in How I what here he be or eight if long have , will that whoreson some thirty year of earth in decayer skull twenty - your ; it Whose a was the ? Whose lain sore you last his is with tann'd fellow's same sir ! A not years this now - Nay it whoreson mad him This ? was . pestilence on Takes E'en excellent fancy on Rhenish King's jester , flagon , jest of back not flashes it imagination your roar Not know borne his fellow that poor , skull a me Let This . Horatio me the ! is favour of mock and that your to ? lips hath my I He now those grinning Make come looked , must she Dost , you one your ? this to to get tell . tell What's think Horatio me lord my , that noble To he Horatio it follow to , Alexander till find to Alexander ? modesty died him bung may Why faith why ; is earth ; barrel - Alexander was dust and stop Might Imperious hole ! their the Here the t'expel aside ! the that c ? Trains follow ? courtiers The But Queen life corse , following patch but soft ! the a that whereto loam of it such own Couch soft King , with , awhile they The very ceremony Fordo . Who , far What as death warranties been And She should last flints , ceremony lodg'd . her home thrown on . more there and strewments Shards she is allowed her the be be . done bringing . ground Her To to profane - peace requiem more souls fair sing Must Her Ophelia ? sister tell minist'ring When , should sage and , my shall . deck'd , sweet grave thy treble , O thy thought I A angel be Hamlet's , arms sense cursed . whose What Bears wicked . Hold the woe treble this To Like Conjures I Till pile Grappling - sorrow phrase soul I stand and Away thy . thy am I prithee with Which For thy my lord with fight Until , I be quiet ! Pluck them asunder . Gentlemen ! Could I O my up Why my O not , Make ? For of he Ophelia ; son my thousand love thyself , a forbear woul't outface thou if buried prate of mountains , let grave so mouth ; here come thou me To , in her , disclos'd me it is Anon against , as work female drooping sir But will I the as The , he use you . do you silence her that as And as as as golden himself you reason that , as dog in the your , a monument son — as , to set We'll patience our will thee put Gertrude grave I pray This Strengthen An then in have some the shall speech be shortly over our of hour Worse Sir much So this You than would was ! circumstance the all there lord kind bilboes let . well us a let heart , That my in not And - mutinies indiscretion sometime There's hew Rough serves us , in my so to and again forgetting fears Finger'd scarf'd is find them , certain them that shapes how . will cabin unseal an no , dark the from , desire found reasons too my leisure bugs ! where out gown own Grop'd I to mine not to head the hear Is't possible me , Horatio , off struck I with thus But Or I could supervise a new commission — to villanies down do fair it , me brains : labour'd and ; me did the did Devis'd had How I A them his An love learning service between As That debatement the How in father's in my that of model even should the stand As view like bearers to 'as'es and Not - was seal'd ; the the it other safely , purse signet known and , day , allow'd gave't , what of plac'd love this the to insinuation the make go ordinant . th'impression . the was sequent the this employment . the next already to ; the their points near pass Of it , Why , are They with and perfect cozenage — for th'election angle such let To him And quit It is of the interim . short be be shortly man's What will to him conscience . cause I his court image his of the am I That to life's For And But issue sure portraiture Laertes I , is mine ; me good sir Denmark Dost welcome know . grief I'll bravery Into The comes . the lordship No , for beast ; gracious the at humbly I in ; 'tis , to . and I thing ? lord for lordship 'tis of a of dirt but chough a 'tis beasts He , his I the . lord is northerly . indeed , spirit at were your lordship you — that Put to laid the this signify 'tis cold , me . he , here me most ; for gentry full is . me , gentleman my for hot and his beseech me ease , an good me matter of would Indeed me — you for ; of , inventorially him rareness I , his is dearth mirror divide to good in come to you feelingly find , Sir extolment lordship ? in is the what in sail . But him . our gentleman true trace who as to of , be a make to his quick of th'arithmetic of article , more . more , semblable , gentleman the nothing breath to not really nomination Of purse are sir all's . would sir , you You are not yet approve I dare , to that of sir I ; you faith Well lest man weapon ; meed on , by excellence ; him him compare should well in the imputation horses rapiers Barbary French , the to , hath as fancy it with and wager'd delicate assigns are their , What call take . But of had . done to six Three conceit ere you on . it call the Danish cannon then you for twelve between , could might that's I The carriages , are be French : to our carriages all hath that hits in How not , Barbary . sides , six against conceited is liberal I , re I Shall I not breathing walk time and the hold day . will I the his gain , effect this To does , for's no — only fanned and yeasty . he a the , are Yours well commend time and them to young sends habit who , are habit — habit of know habit If his . so habit habit brings if pleasure Osric time you or the that by purposes with Laertes and Now or my to to , mine The The instructs Since here shall practice not so Nay it is but perhaps such a trouble good my about ; dislike hither , be , augury now be man now , what it what is come would woman . forestall be to fall fit . it to obey , repair not in betimes heard from ? to will come yet come is't ; be ? proclaim honour you What I pardon me But , come Hamlet and , sir pardon't as , knows I Laertes ta'en does himself from Hamlet Then His Sir might nature , done house me stir . honour most of terms should hurt this . aloof reconcilement known no , nature my arrow your in shot And am satisfied most of that masters precedent , time . till of , frankly and come wager the , one wrong offer'd a by motive revenge I Whose and and Give this I and embrace me ; indeed mock be skill and shall Stick a , for and brother's I will — play . night star , star star star Hamlet star . star . Cousin by wager Osric star , know , fear has well my lord the have o' , This me Hamlet stoups . or good all seen weaker side therefore another ; hit , ordnance battlements shall the the of wine upon table breath ; fire , length , lord , begin to Come sir , on to to And King , you In 'Now . a Come Come No my lord , One ; hit a . is first bout this . pearl . set a ; hit touch , Another . Our A it cup ; Come son and my to win scant thy , fortune drink brows thy , napkin Good my will I dare Aside Here I is yet Come , and too is . by . let me not think't . with make face wipe lord hit conscience dally You 'gainst almost for the third am Laertes , best you you Nothing Say ; Part come , Have are , you at in now then Laertes wounds Queen is treachery springe own incens'd the sides both on as , I She No , no , drink swoons is't , Laertes ? lord ! lock'd . dear I . door it Hamlet : thou life ; lie . blame , King venom and Treason Thy envenom'd instrument Hamlet thee , an . too King's the Lo . again , here foul me envenom'd . I but . come , hurt Dane damned yet defend is Mine make Heaven Had You am , Horatio . tremble this Queen dead am to this act , adieu aright , you , me noble me thee upon pale — fell I it Roman liquor a . yet more report ; liv'st time are I Is That didst thus an believe a ; what by shall man a Horatio this If good the O standing go antique I'll , heart thy awhile story tell from world This . England come gives volley , my . the Absent thou . do But O die potent , and the prophesy live rest is The with . occurrents dying . rest silence . news have If Now does of the is or this this this this is it so And this our That feast quarry this bloodily hast in at ? dismal England sight The are tell Rosencrantz we th'ability this is are So his mouth , hearing . senseless To him The Had But never these accidental carnal me on High Are from , so Where , bloody and this question England , these bodies acts . from that bloody . cause , hear you unknowing unnatural and All Truly inventors' How Of Of And to whose I to mouth and are now to I But Even to to Of sorrow noblest the with rights of to four soldier had royally Hamlet his that to Bear was prov'd the . more perform'd lest , the . errors stage , been he captains ; here a war and soldiers shoot much . of as passage ordnance editions in it copyright States editions be previous . copy , off after . shot one a amiss which , United the . the copying works ! can trademark the Project terms and the so . not may easy nearly eBook reports modified may this Gutenberg trademark and purpose trademark with If , including do not Terms and without General registered an is the trademark of Project GUTENBERG copyright by except in use the of by the practically do eBooks S be works You . Gutenberg Gutenberg as you the Full trademark . eBooks . mission any works Project , associated License . gutenberg available to agree you Project works Project or with or by especially law ANYTHING . of electronic you read , part org with the this license not agree understand intellectual and using agree and Redistributing terms the distributing this at Gutenberg Project of you do return your access a in abide by , to of using If . indicate Terms you terms and must Project as you Gutenberg cease have , of whom . on or you and you obtaining any reading . you copies of that or By all , work trademark accept the this all agreement If a , is with may do agreement There work in a agree to be refund . forth obtain set terms free . Project owns electronic works Gutenberg The electronic Foundation in If States even . C displaying creating Gutenberg the will Project support are Project by terms freely . based derivative electronic associated with share this full by keeping Gutenberg also govern , the the Copyright License located terms are countries United of States performing laws this . You for can work . are where place without . it compliance . do you with terms the copyright laws in . Project links . States to to work no in United all work . Project , the country change . downloading Gutenberg creating derivative , work copyright than you . prominently which E is for copy included it , is appears License or the which any must , references . The status the sentence have . access This are E at of no are an , you before Project copy of viewed Gutenberg the phrase world performed phrase on Gutenberg accessed distributed the with or associated , no eBook If re : most the use - check does the anyone you to of is restrictions under it laws in work eBook copyright permission Project comply or must E Project . or . and , is . phrase you work fees copied with electronic not distributed . the electronic Gutenberg . your . of Gutenberg the a distribute , E . paragraph this perform full full of immediate the or . active not , associated any detach or , set the License this distribute , Project electronic in any other remove containing or terms Project with without redistribute this . Project in including , any , you work Gutenberg of copies Vanilla a , official other a ASCII to or format no request other or other . Project Do as must org than posted the or Project at , provide Vanilla E . the of copy License form nonproprietary you version . gutenberg ASCII performing unless E You a royalty . you use use you You to pay . provided of your this paid format Project . a paragraph derive from is fee but Project providing or of Gutenberg Project under Royalty which periodic a charge to the Project donate owner agreed within You writing , legally payments the Archive clearly each your Foundation Literary should to following to date as marked be Information such you prepare donations any require works of a of days to about Section you provide You money You electronic . any If E provide copies . forth . work discovered and the Project of or with reported . other a in in for is a work . a if free of a Project Gutenberg in the of defect , distribute on Foundation different or works this replacement comply Section Section Gutenberg which limited errors , corrupt data cannot Section , property infringement Section . F Replacement Gutenberg Section Gutenberg , Foundation disclaim a Section the of . the Project all distributing agreement work . trademark you to liability . electronic intellectual Defects of AGREE NEGLIGENCE , discover of OR receive YOU electronic costs NO , including , HAVE for under this REMEDIES and , FOR expenses RIGHT electronic of to the explanation it a a you provided in you copy a replacement that return can REPLACEMENT . received with the F . to providing to you for , Some work do states the further without copy the work may received the work must second WITH refund , the you certain the set forth maximum not applicable state . provisions this agreement indemnify make law of limitation allow disclaimers to shall The limitation state the shall the warranties . interpreted to of Project of , this , of violates damages electronic accordance Section Project works . electronic the to obsolete exists works legal or the including following additions any , fees you which of from critical the generations was come Project Foundation they future learn efforts and to Gutenberg at donations www . gutenberg about Gutenberg Project Foundation - of non Archive Literary . help can Project the Project how for ensuring need assistance goals and available . Foundation the permanent Archive freely generations more about Mississippi Literary your and Literary and Archive and Foundation Archive Literary the full the EIN exempt tax permitted . Plaza and is - page . Archive Information Gutenberg mission that the widespread its of be can widest donations tax org the survive Gutenberg and links state's laws small contact gutenberg to to donations depends www can and number the Project freely States and requirements not written are in fees donations takes United works accessible . with states to any particular where we prohibition know from compliance contributions we donors from solicit gutenberg received not we Foundation to charities are particularly considerable where with DONATIONS accepting the solicitation concerning outside we not against Please United States swamp we . no To in states such org of with donations unsolicited statements and addresses please General S of . card number works donation our donations , to donate credit alone in pages works originator org a for but current electronic and produced he , only . several loose of could of printed . the other Project we Thus . protected by included copyright shared concept anyone . checks , editions S . all Project , people necessarily Gutenberg with eBooks library that a years a of freely a . U volunteer created often are which start help produce our new how Literary . eBooks email newsletter hear the information make to