, Stand Stand Stand Stand ? live Long . the Stand Barnardo . Stand ? Stand Stand and , Well you of there ? them Horatio , bid ho . Give hear O , And to liegemen honest place my , Welcome Barnardo has ? Marcellus ? tonight there . him of piece our but fantasy , speak awhile minutes , sight watch Tush And yond When The off figure scholar , then , break thee made Had Where it bell like the harrows would be it , Mark ? spoke . King of this time warlike the usurp'st Denmark ? I heaven fair that march sometimes In Together Most like it It thou with of thee I , See Stay What Did which majesty buried charge away ! speak , now the sensible might , God my 'Tis You something I Is How Horatio ! think not Before So he When not avouch ? on parle opinion state , the an dead hour ice , our ; sore whose of cast war the that he observant the cannon task , valiant side know a which of ; in by who by our Fortinbras by law and his Hamlet world a those , seal'd heraldry by appear'd Our ; so . our now goes on with ; which our the sir Now ; as article , him , compact esteem'd , conqueror life of To he And carriage been to the Hamlet list stomach it But compulsatory father unto of . those our us foresaid ; to some no by is it I strong motive haste rummage I Well That Shark'd For doth recover appear And of Is source The watch this was So watch by it - watch our this it no watch , take King so watch the chief . watch , the watch empire Neptune's the dews moist of streets blood with Roman state mind's of wars , the tenantless stood graves the preceding still of almost harbingers climatures fire palmy the gibber sun to And But cross , though thou it soft I'll hast any sound , or use coming events , and earth Unto And thou if treasure , you spirits womb , me fate avoid life walk and the Marcellus ? here ! will my with it it , partisan thing guilty , to , air or warning herein strike ; sounding at and erring , in and confine Some say It that bird our birth crowing the say witch hath no night dare abroad , to mantle russet . time charm , him most find shall memory yet of Hamlet Lords , our it Attendant , and brow and that , in hearts our be To That To so we Together our far With , have with to in Though in , our grief jointress funeral scale all gone thanks . marriage in . worth dear know delight weighing nor , have our barr'd , dole freely we , young you late of ; and one with and defeated warlike meeting of message advantage with his bonds for : frame out Fortinbras , death him , here of those pester surrender . of lands hears levies made of : young , nephew's uncle bed - purpose rid that to , impotent , of His further lists You Giving good Cornelius proportions in here Voltemand we you to old Norway . scope the power , greeting this of with business Of these the you no King , Farewell and , Laertes some speak . What reason wouldst to native , the Denmark thou of , lord , my return came your to to have willingly though Dread throne the leave To Yet Have lord my laboursome leave your ; you beseech By will He his I hath them to , him leave hard at petition Not so How , Hamlet not Do Ay know'st for eye thine common 'tis Seek let Good And 'Tis Seems windy alone Together Nor Nor not nor suits , Nay seems it so Nor haviour river of moods , truly man which to your of might ; father the ; woe suits term persevere , some and father your lost , know these , lost filial course heaven is ; a is opposition heaven and , our vulgar to incorrect simple most know a , impart no nobility bears For in to most school you world absurd , whose fault a he that still cried to love of you . you desire of and not you you . fair go you prayers , her , cheer and cousin comfort to retrograde you courtier to you , remain son eye you our obey and Denmark and great No jocund King's speaking to heaven thunder earthly cannon my too this that O ourself gentle This as to the that heart And But smiling unforc'd rouse shall today bruit Come . That to on't me Oh seed excellent dead months Possess — nay a it ! That king ; not too her to face I A which she ere ; appetite , father's Why old woman ! two this to , not mother of on him body increase — or . of most her flushing in galled unrighteous . incestuous speed post — uncle my month — eyes , wicked cannot I tears — tongue . myself to , or to ! for dexterity , left Ere It With such hold for to good well you my for with Wittenberg for good that servant ; for you friend for Horatio , lord good you ? from change your same And I'll Sir , I am . see faith in disposition you it . is your know do A I , But shall truster my would Against not My lord think prithee was not , Indeed Did Would Or , father ever I do it furnish thrift I , mind's ; man saw In my , I — my ? a like him ? the Saw Who , lord look I saw King your father think The Season lord God's an your . may witness , a while . till these you to attent admiration of This , on their like - solemn father , night pie and , them by fear , surprised whilst them the of fear , distill'd thrice with , exactly . Barnardo together Marcellus and walk'd he march - eyes , me , the watch of before point figure middle and encounter'd Been truncheon's with as they had each . are was watch where ? like your knew this made , I we it Did I not , comes hands These apparition But you , upon My made up it morning shrunk our sight haste it ; once did cock strange , you honour'd sound the even to Itself And From toe to . head you , he to wore he not ? beaver than in . pale very , look'd . you upon his Most constantly tell might MARCELLUS It While as , It will 'twill it watch noble I my assume it hold bid me hitherto have it Give Let it your be it If I'll And to tenable And I Upon requite whatsoever an Our Your all Though my earth o'erwhelm : foul the soul is were will men's eyes . rise to , of the For Hold Hamlet , a Forward No minute not a ; lasting nature , blood favour now besmirch doth cautel but must fear does but mind the Perhaps ; will . virtue The bulk inward withal of own ; this not is to his you waxes more grow temple and as nor service soul : loves his as , himself therefore is he Then Than main saying in your head the If lose , Ophelia , unmaster'd , ear you which so . fits the voice sanctity The heart loss voice and yielding he ; importunity fear the of Out The chariest is danger it in the maid not galls canker oft 'scapes unmask she To his it Fear May give honour your weigh too Virtue their Contagious the before then , blastments rebels best though are liquid the Be The I Himself Whilst Show too A Do shall my thorny puff'd his rede . dalliance treads , own not . in , blessing with , shame no thoughts thy precepts memory his adoption tried you . act tongue , vulgar means ; that entrance them do new each But Of Bear't Grapple thou friends Costly express'd may select borrower in : station and rank may best generous a loan Neither a in most loses For may borrowing the edge of may self the night to true . may day season may my I do then , my , remember ; Ophelia have I What Farewell canst go and to . well your take to thine . tend the as : said lock'd memory Farewell you oft of you ; yourself . on bounteous and the touching very bethought said hath . must up me ? Of ! 'Tis told me you late and understand caution and your honour I clearly tell truth tenders the so , made green Give He , you Unsifted his tenders such You speak perilous lord think ; these to not , Marry I you are — you'll My fashion And you'll lord , not may go you'll the of tender poor phrase more me you'll fool . know soul - you'll , making a blazes how , vows blood the you'll When almost springes to ; these , you'll your at . to entreatments something must With You Than Set your scanter fire in both woodcocks daughter extinct it For higher maiden a may , Lord time , rate this ; presence Hamlet From for Be Breathing better so or charge shall , come lord my , this cold . ways Lord your the with talk you obey and ? of . not draws . near walk to wont held this , my spirit It ? rouse reels his his bray pledge custom marry Ay , my And to honour'd the mind us and - in to More Is though breach headed and perform'd particular in chances it and achievements pith oft their in That So for The though Oft Since Soil our ; though the than tax'd and , birth though they choose wherein his though the o'ergrowth as though infinite , His though Or form though say some of The be own . may defect grace evil as star , one these , livery — general From Being virtues That King I Let Why Have thou , father speak Thou , Revisit'st thus up op'd Wherein burst dead ponderous ! his , souls we ? desire ? it , with it more action . itself I'll again a waves my me . pin's follow my ; fear follow it a , What Or tempt dreadful madness toys of cliff , horrible some into fathoms That looks so motive Without And me still to every desperation sea . beneath brain the thee your , your . your . nerve your . thee . your . your him , your come ? will Heaven state the him hour will . thou me I'll go no . thou when am what but lend . thy unfold bound , to I What ? to shall , in night nature , forbid , word - start from freeze unfold my whose prison days house , spirit father's , of thy part their to be , love father O ! dear hair stand spheres am , hair , blood , end hair stars locks like this But Thy hair Like And To hair and thou his of eternal blood list hair most . didst Haste me to foul most thee apt my to find in not And shouldst in this . Now ease that ; out A Wouldst , Is thou I serpent thy noble ear , sleeping father's Denmark life thou crown my prophetic sting did that given 'Tis stung The O that wit and his to that traitorous gifts — adulterate ! youth shameful , Mine uncle beast the , that have virtuous that mov'd be heaven angel a the a garbage vial , bed celestial morning . radiant of thy a afternoon uncle pour it with enmity and quicksilver the cursed of the courses whose , distilment in With such juice my secure leperous of ears did man ; posset into droppings blood of in of body mine , about it blossoms the , sleeping my All , Unhous'led made , of reckoning off was The lazar most tetter brother's milk wholesome a sudden eager blood So loathsome crust , my unanel'd of , sent imperfections not the luxury mind ; that thy couch thou all my O mother for howsoever thy A Let O No With horrible If royal thee most , soul . near at well thee her let bed in and this thy to . be lodge heaven , to in adieu to pale adieu uneffectual earth ! thee ? Hold old else heart memory Remember not there down , villain ! me to . him Lord . My Within Within . Illo boy ho , ho ho . it , lord my my lord my my my ? my think ? my in dwelling But you How HORATIO would you'll — heartily . whirling and I'll words , you ; every are I'm Yes It , by Saint too . know , us tell vision , my , heartily . between , request , soldiers friends , that offence my lord , what good , will . is me you , MARCELLUS but not , HORATIO known I , my in faith lord lord Upon sword sword . the indeed Swear my upon , Indeed have We ha , Cries thou Ha Never to , A O worthy more never odd of things are strange or such pronouncing by arms you To perchance , in in heaven a as night Than There That As an antic seeing some of , or could times encumber'd at speak' you So That Or 'If list to such Swear to to in , you pray spite Hamlet go I me as So lips O set to your . and a together go it . Let love lack on joint born come him time your fingers not is The money , to him I very well what said did , Of shall You do Give , how Before you first company Enquire Marry And That do Than Take thus part , 'I as Ay but , very you , well ' , he you gaming To sir As What As , may , As or Faith My not my Wherefore my Ay lord , good good A good But I here's a slight believe good you The good should you good i' on my son , be , prenominate you guilty so Of man good to with ; According Having sir , ' By What sir Very the the , sound consequence or would I ? the leave — did say ! say . lord , I to say I , He mass say does was about in 'closes 'friend 'closes the say , house forth a ; say . bias of this and assays of , directions and with of takes lecture and have former out reach you have , you . yourself in music lord . my my My lord Hamlet Ungart'red , as Pale No How affrighted so in was doublet in the name his as I , what shirt a had horrors look of he To And and upon hat He Then his by other to would to thus of his face so , profound bulk arm hard it . fear do ? held me and length Long shatter piteous to done , his and up of my o'er wrist . head seem That he shoulder his without eyes go lets without went on his over head a rais'd being such it a seem'd And For As his thrice end with it He his out , leads is will of way the he o' with violent the oft afflict have , That I sorry That access you did command , and me made he beshrew did and with I to is . of . lord beyond which This utter see you , might love to go for sort . provoke humour up himself you of I . so neighbour'd your days dream , pleasures within , him draw To So cannot so th'understanding brought , be not are our remedy I aught to occasion lies much , him , thanks remembrance awhile our such , of have into your you , will more . in obey hope us command full Guildenstern you . him and presence helpful these beseech son . our practices Ay joyfully lord duty my Both And , my been you my that policy — the The do do I long hear . great ; fruit to that admittance them , found , distemper him sift my Say His father's Voltemand head and our we good greetings sent and to the Polack found arrests obeys sends , hand in ; rebuke Fortinbras On his was his falsely vow of Makes him Gives his give old before to and enterprise give his you overcome to employ crowns , his Whereon To three Norway his thousand against , are set safety of well upon home . read , allowance pass business - well night for and rest thank our It , Most This and liege well is business , to brief be day day since , And What Therefore Were My I but waste brevity limbs is the and the mad madness is 'tis foolish 'tis . this this comes defective cause cause then , 'tis pity farewell us find Mad That Madam he , More mad Hath have Or For it I given have daughter have . soul's vile the and have thus cause . mine — have have faithful I are move have Doubt Doubt Doubt thee , best I I . have fire will awhile madam Good love , that am ill dear lady hath , above by given to she how All more whilst O faithful me you ear mine think and honourable . think here mute - and , you that , think , wing might you , what or heart play'd Majesty young not she Hamlet must What Or Or might This Thence Into to Thence a Which Admit , she watch thence the , into done repulsed , a short into into and , then a , declension . wherein now we all And wail know , me lead truth Take Hath That this If Within is time , fain I'd , When , though centre it four indeed find . it hours . loose and I behind an . to , daughter him . not hid the How So At We do , sadly for , Lord O beseech , mercy . Hamlet - I'll How board know me are were lord , lord honest is kissing . lord my , I Not to Conception is lord . blessing a sun the walk How not in , For if i' th' daughter may Friend ? daughter you And . I mean . I'll first gone me you at . truly that ? Words him is , words again . lord . eyes that my , that tree - Slanders potently yourself believe ; beards . with you plum , Aside , could Indeed are not means the prosperously of be grave pregnant daughter of you and him my I hits madness . my is that out ! you . A sanity My contrive You withal suddenly honourable replies cannot will humbly life my tedious These old lord that except take , more my part willingly . he sir there my . is . fools except life Hamlet Lord save the To indifferent thou how we Happy in cap my Neither we Good . are not over . button ? favours , true the children are that On you Then of O news the Faith her , parts the live but , my your , Fortune her that ? most she world's friends and , many the prison . world , have , lord think We ; goodly , then 'tis then makes so it , your good myself bad narrow for king the dream very . space ambition makes for prison . dreams of substance a the , I could not were in ; that the our and a so it a bounded ambition are but our shadows beggars' are . most , light . monarchs quality a shadow of , Truly such in bodies , that Is with me . inclining visit I my your should were ? is there ; have which , good and Queen sent for . you and purpose it a ; Come obligation modesties a our of better whether were the proposer , the you conjure my let of and , love , even what no you . what and consonancy But know in colour to must the be . you What direct by withal To I then you late of exercises but why secrecy this firmament most this majestical roof the canopy appears goodly your tell have I indeed , lost all pestilent goes a like how , form , the paragon in goes Man ? animals moving how and goes in why I have custom goes beauty neither . woman : to goes you was My lord goes dust not yet And and fire this me to is and of , no of laugh And such no when delight not coted on And said I , if And in a piece apprehension And think And the ; of not me And gratis , those lady plays mind freely , are th' in target . the service and his use humorous such city to take . say laugh — in . wont were Even and shall that adventurous king sigh the shall shall profit travel they How they did the was Their the delight means in tragedians was not grow pace cry How aerie , comes out rusty but now the the tyrannically children the , their children quality pursue , are berattle rapiers they they the , if if afterwards they What most are like there no most on maintains on longer exclaim do poet it boys the has sin on on controversy them been has to bid that ; my on there would , very mouths on Ay O on throwing give lord carry for out . picture little if , forty , those too away Hercules ? natural 'Sblood . I me , King uncle my father lived my in find come tell which players like my . handsaw the southerly is ? than mother are I , yours You . hands The . lord west of there with what - appear should But fairly are my north Happily he's the see to a Mark you I , prophesy will time you at , too for tell come . actors my Buzz . me comes , sir have My The pastoral - Then The each , world be cannot . law came tragical actor , and Israel , actor lord a actor These . of unlimited actor 'One actor - the in actors of actor Jephthah I Am you not , lord th' Still , my on old daughter passing , Why , more love was it , God wot lord look well since valanc'd see where What ? is in ! Thy Masters voice your cracked gold the altitude be e'en . have welcome of piece are see . and last straight to't a chopine like . French within Pray speech , We'll you thee , good . mistress friends . thou , of not speech quality my ? give falconers the . acted it as the to as , Come once the was — for remember matter the , were It were as were not memory were were Hath now this in did 'Twas , were : and trick'd daughters to complexion the the black it foot Head horridly parching it mothers tyrannous and it , total more When Now it he rugged is Black it Bak'd That their To And eyes Old like it , with . seeks the with grandsire proceed you accent good Pyrrhus , antique , coagulate in Roasted the , impasted fathers of blood God Pyrrhus Rebellious , Anon , finds he at his too With spoken Greeks rage wind in His good him hideous senseless Then falls the Stoops Seeming father whiff drives short this , i' For , with a and . painted to nothing and th'air the seem'd ear , Priam as , Which was And silence heavens see against tyrant a bold A As never And rend With Pyrrhus' gods , sword , fall work still matter storm orb thunder below , dreadful the Pyrrhus' - All ! Priam fellies the away Fortune her . nave round to , as This , your beard bawdry . long too to Hecuba barber's on good Run That's But 'Gainst this Who Where late With About had if , in , and pronounc'd limbs , not burning in his , the more and . has heaven , eyes . let of epitaph Do of rest and chronicles than brief bad you have a bestowed abstracts use while were they see thee speak have I'll the the are you I them according every . will them better after more Use your own your in sirs , is Come We'll Dost friend my Can well You till Rosencrantz . night God b' wi' peasant . Now slave this player , alone , friends are my O With That Tears A I That And mad cleave have the ear and , of guilty muddy faculties dull and a John The Make he he Confound the And off my Plucks A Who defeat me the , 'Swounds me by But ! I should lungs blows me does lie my the Am I i' th' cannot me lack ere and for face across it this throat ? gives it Who gives : it pigeon gives have should slave's treacherous Oh I am ass gives And like gives scullion a whore A About gives , creatures my brain - cursing ! Fie a to , Have murder Play most , though With mine him May I'll I me grounds confusion me me me he the me play's The . conscience by no days speak me himself to no means sounded be on to we with a crafty he confess does do cause But Nor When his Of true receive you Did he would bring what turbulent He find Most Niggard of with But there This hear - And . seem did With all gentlemen he hear beseech'd my To , give him , as we And , 'twere Hamlet too , If't gather by their ourselves and him th'affliction he you obey your I part for wildness : good Of And shall for thus of myself Ophelia accident bestow be shall again your I way . both I wish , be hope happy , so . your That Hamlet's bring To — exercise devotion's may Read , visage ! my . art plastering give true . do you , painted , withdraw thing ! to that , suffer question the troubles of — outrageous it helps . most burden word : to is to fortune in end to , arrows arms slings The by The That Devoutly sleep For oppressor's wrong calamity us give For The The pangs insolence , the the and spurns , the end off consummation , die mortal long the unworthy , off . sleep off the scorns the bear Must off But that No off That To off the under And Than The to thus o'er enterprises under With under Is And under Ophelia fair Be this all under others under And fly us traveller does the that rather bear not all of ? a ? my honour ; well , well . lord , The I humbly . deliver yours not to have I have never , now re , honour'd My As Ha , Are should , and ? lordship better than commerce beauty your your means , a This proof so ; into You stock we have believed me relish deceived be thou the . cannot believe you paradox a made you love once so . them crawling accuse breeder sinners ? I . things our old of I borne offences I us . shape a more could am , as fellows ambitious , them Let in's upon At , O , as a If dost nunnery , marry as give I'll pure . Or thou monsters quickly shalt ! heavens too , powers too and . needs dowry sweet , him snow wise nunnery men thou enough well go ; know go ; paintings yourselves the more that eye the fashion rose , is mind , creatures nickname I'll more to keep God's are ! of fair and most ecstasy form the all quite , and soldier's O courtier's that seen Love . feature of and have seen I Nor And be I some For Haply settled himself fashion brains puts heart determination quick our and the Whereon shall It The origin neglected all you heard Sprung need . My love How after , all her lord alone be please If , in with , do Lord as , what it not from You We Of show England Madness speech . tongue - mouth , town not your . go had torrent too I acquire to and It whipped nothing Herods such a your . Herod periwig robustious are neither too not action Suit overdone so Be . the to your let fellow , purpose to of not , form make of which there unskilful pressure scorn hold the , and the is feature and that word o'erstep his the the neither ; off judicious — and the you whole , o'erweigh of the journeymen nor others of the , profanely well , reform'd the , pagan that time though theatre the others the , man some And them for . villainous That's fool my make shows ready . spectators of your . will of to be , O than it is the the hear to play . ambition at What Here , sweet lord , thee poor the knee pomp , of hear choice election her , tongue thou hast all herself . her been buffets , for was soul men man and Whose ta'en blood are pipe are Fortune's and thou that will man wear well suffers For distinguish fawning pregnant the suffering in thee could that mistress rewards And . Fortune's that for tonight thee unkennel occulted guilt , father's - this of that of King of much I of . my and , slave she , circumstance act , very , mine his our . seeming to him , lord both censure my will . mine with , It , of my And Vulcan's I And . A a play to , flourish are coming 'scape They , I play is theft must . Queen others . be playing . Hamlet and cousin , Ophelia ? eat . the air . i' : so you good . Brutus play'd lord , Polonius I and you my , Ay ; a Capitol you accounted was actor you a killed you kill'd . you Caesar Julius him of a you was here's here's To No here's here's here's here's I I fair is , my lord Nothing You merry maids' , lie , I Ay , man merry ? be but two died within's lord should , hours two months wear outlive then horse - churches whose ! ' , O , for O a have year half twice , black , unto . King pours , it returns crown . She The some , asleep , of finds Queen . her with with of gifts the of lament woos the of of of Marry , this What end means fellow tell imports cannot Will by show . what the this know us to : show and I'll , tragedy mark you not it our your to , Is beg patiently stooping are : or lord of round posy the . for love love About us count again Make So Unite world hearts many woe my Discomfort far distrust , and Yet , though sick I must , know so fear . siz'd , in holds former ere your love journeys Now And That So Honour'd Faith O be haply — breast my , kind behind to shortly there grows love doubts the great too ! in , of second The And None For husband second needs let the love Such base what But Are me but , wormwood who instances time respects do birth unshaken 'tis to passion in , ourselves necessary fruit violent Purpose we is but the but , we grief either of own enactures revels joy not for grieves grief doth with doth on fortunes . flies favourite fortune prove love . lose joy destroy change , try his friend , friend . run friends else our slender yet hollow shall ends their ours The For This 'tis Whether even man lead loves left or mark , a great poor want a begun of husband contrary So thoughts think our so do I never to and thoughts give desperation Nor thou fates , seasons overthrown wed . light , joy scope now . awhile me be my trust face pursue and here Both . a once , If An what anchor's that would If . dull tedious come Sleep , Sweet deeply grow My To Meet Ophelia , lady like , brain thy The never And protests too she'll keep how argument Is ; no offence world in't ? of : my the are it work : but . a are one is you Lucianus withers , unwrung I The is piece . This play is his , King see our ; wince , bellow damnable the and thy . agreeing edge . Pox , weeds infected , time ; drugs . drugs how story drugs wife You drugs . Gonzago's Gonzago . The anon drugs false ? drugs shall name's . King murderer o'er frighted The gets in written for's estate . lord . the my with All lights , me Lights strucken and , some So must let me roses I share forest world away . sir if of with fellowship runs feathers , rest of razed , on my the , Didst one pound one a lord my ghost's very A O one good , of well . one . pajock very one realm now one note rhymed Very Horatio poisoning like king well Upon some belike it , the ? me . music whole King . him of with comedy , you perdie . distempered , sir sir with sir choler to the plunge perhaps this not him . would so sent me pronounce , start and . purgation into my , my and . of are to great most mother lord Queen make to your affliction spirit , not , me a you will breed . my But , I end mother's do answer cannot lord you , this can that , says more a you but hath a stonish : she at son She We obey to Then thus wonderful And desires so , My own what lord Good you your liberty lack you were shall lord you and sir , grass . me the one duty of grows in ? your is How can the my do , recorders recover to succession be if the lord I , beseech , my with and and most discourse are the finger your top how music give as easy 'Tis know as breath : no I Look unworthy is there you seem command my stops you ; instrument me , am you you would bless me make would now look ; me yonder Do cloud , My you By to speak , yet played the speak a weasel . speak weasel in 'tis backed speak is it It speak my to I bent speak speak say will I a I mother and a a easily said a is now by by come me friends a . very a come By a and 'Tis to And do world this look on a yawn , witching Leave , hot , breathes out but let , now thy Nero daggers seals them To my in my not nor To I O of soul The My will in give words soul and never somever soul , I And To keep those and commission range along with dispatch shall it life your Majesty peculiar single but and upon armour many feed and Most That keep With strength majesty of bound of ; depend a massy draw rest mind , is much and gulf a more , ten boist'rous with petty near not That with and Each Attends King , Arm We to alone ; upon groan general to this closet myself tax . us will ROSENCRANTZ vantage The Fare To Fare call of Since meet nature speech upon , eldest , dear you Fare Pray as primal is the be ! offence murder Fare It O , Fare . you you tell inclination guilt man Fare my shall . than Were there Fare stand where What itself like brother's A hath I Is Or pardon'd is cannot be To those serve fault My Of Can In gilded the one May And mine effects crown for own ambition and of by itself the there shuffling is There oft the no , 'tis th'offence world so and of What the . evidence Yet Try what the Even In law What it not , death But — queen my I But My , be corrupted wicked prize justice ? But , But action ourselves rests cannot bosom when O But ! state wretched But do to as free of steel : praying he That I son pat now so , be . heaven ; revenge May bread , villain that of , thought ? reveng'd , hent soul passage rage ? more of knows And fit and th'incestuous he in audit him in thou asleep , gaming he When And Then This , trip physic but prolongs . heels of or about some act , then who , the sword , To When That relish soul no The King rises and thy may be in't salvation as at heaven , sickly advances below words Words will And that your Pray heat Much , Fear mother , silence him between , round . mother round round round matter mother hast you have round , father much . round tongue wicked Hamlet my idle ? much offended tongue mother . speak . glass wife . help , rat A ? a ? now Dead . hast thou bloody not king kill bloody A Nay , O rash . bad , his mother this rash ! rash rash rash wag rash , rose , love the rash tongue rash . an dicers' fair body of O Makes oaths soul very As And From a As sets virtue false . visage this solidity and Heaven's words sweet mass against - Yea tristful of picture and brothers , command , follows mildew'd like , brother wholesome your your To A did husband his you Could Blasting Here hey The Would Else could the judgement love this motion madness would so err devil - sight all , blush ? is , bones thy matron's you , sense true melt own virtue part you sickly thou her flaming youth . a thus serve you To but not If mope O shame hell in ardour as the where one sans you you you tinct and spots , shame burn let itself , there As sweat And turn'st not their my very to of I O in Stew'd These words corruption the Over sweet a twentieth vice the pocket A That Of No more the empire A ; the kings no in ! diadem ! his the of your A No your with shelf part precedent that lord . in A And put king patches — stole me he's , What would wings ? gracious your and your ! blunted dread passion mad O , amazement on her weakest between But in but O . This . visitation almost thy not not , Do step to forget and , alarm , son gentle excrements discourse , your soldiers sleeping the How is your at as bedded and hairs stand heat up your on capable this and cool him cause Do not you have your Then stern — effects true your want your piteous action what . blood , glares stones , to preaching upon do for ! liv'd . habit now his in , you , even he Why Nor father goes very the is This as utter'd . It not madness , madness soul your place . virtue , good half . it of other uncle's my must ranker past , avoid what the fatness the But virtue a monster habits to likewise the if aptly either can change the The . good night , to devil curb And use Assume That Of He That use gives or frock a lend almost or For more Once are . of you but beg you ; blessing when repent punish I must be I gave him begins One word shall no by , Let Pinch death The must Thus bad and , I do you , pair his you not all good , craft Make That mad But For in you in to a in madness matter from , fly the Unpeg Let To , if , and conclusions And the in concernings queen ? sense the neck in , No life of your I had There's letters concluded ? that two schoolfellows thou Alack , so They But And For Hoist I forgot seal'd will you must to . 'Tis adders shall directly packing neighbour . most secret . into life , still And Is Who was in sir , to night , shall Indeed a , 'tis mother foolish There's You this little I . hearing his rat mightier and a your is in fit we These them lawless ! both a apprehension 'A In what good while . tonight seen have ? been you To His liberty so And his Behind O heavy , of us whose there all . to everyone of love our providence answer'd to . man , this in The old brainish deed threats was let most But to restrain'd much out disease feed , base ore hath like what done . gone , deed majesty sooner Gertrude for vile our — Ho , and ! is he he , some will But Both We we The whom draw a O'er pure his very mineral He of itself O And let , pray hath what we mean to do the hath And what's the untimely know we'll , done call both hath them Gertrude Whose level . mother's in his hath fair aid : dragg'd and you so haply miss , and hath hath . of Safely stowed discord . come name our away , diameter , world's his slander body , my Hamlet . Compounded bear it 'tis with where not Do ? I have you What And we , counsel your — you me , and . lord do sponge I you what . mine what replication , sir ; sponge a of Ay them , Take that But . is , King King — sleeps , the body ear . The the ! a is A , knavish with , Bring but the tell body my . him seek nothing thing all , and loose , even grown reliev'd . away all smooth is but on him law man the seem desperate Diseases the in so not He's not must where the This pause . appliance not now lov'd Who But and th'offender's dead We cannot body What ? my from , lord Guildenstern is before us to him lord , pleasure , eats Not politic worms fat where fat lean to else your king all he him . fat beggar . us but but table at is hath of eat fed hath and worm is eaten your service emperor fat end of eat dishes to show fish but to the that that by progress through the . of mean go ? you . beggar a thither you To He shall nose . as But . Go messenger into come there stay you for Send If him lobby , as , tender hast thou this do bark With Which month place yourself . till will some Attendants especial dearly grieve , must send . thine , For and tend The it , Ay For and , Therefore the England England wind at help , bent , England . Good knew'st , But mother My mother ; Thy man and wife ; man make seal'd have . at aught , and and you give raw thy — awe him Tempt with speed aboard haste free at red thee hold'st looks thou , mayst not full , rages , it blood England ; greet of You , a license Fortinbras rendezvous us ; Danish were . in my Till my haps hectic joys , that Tell his Captain , And let my on Go his in know his his his . sir his ? part them to commands pray are The Who main , speak to A Goes Or the of Poland , with frontier no of not farm fee sold the garrison'd will it straw already yield it five Truly That Nor , it hath is it the Why the man is That , sir , without . you no cause , sir peace this twenty question much and wi' debate of of thank shows humbly you . against me , discourse , with feed That some , Looking but If Sure To Bestial which yet I Sith A Led mouths stir stake . How stand a my thousand twenty to shame men , see plot , a from , bloody My for a fantasy beds not imminent The the Which to That i' th' I will importunate straws unshaped the hearers Yet And botch to words Spurns carry up yield , gestures their nods yet own much ill . the . Which . conjectures were , one . make and she nothing in spoken sure . The ; collection . fit to and , come thought . amiss come ? is nature true some come Denmark ? Ophelia come come come love one shoon . imports pray and , green what you a but Ophelia — this , stone gone lady , Nay dead gone heels He his is Nay , turf is dead Larded his mark How say you ! but know They we , the what upon Alas Conceit words owl pretty lady , means father we was ? daughter a this Lord . be this at . baker's . God be this this say this ; day , his donn'd departed Let this they but when this at out , a clothes door this is this he Then in Indeed Young By So la more an ? to to Charity , blame tumbled you me done not . would think all hadst You she before do't promis'd Quoth Cock , they By will , and will I thou would you thank so of weep it , her her patient I been she hath We lay him your good good I good Gertrude most muddied ; Gertrude , deep it ground Come , my ; done in death and son in All In Polonius' unwholesome mugger from in wonder , these ear infect secret Her Feeds ear and Where Alack them . many , clouds , this arraign in person of , necessity In ? matter , lord to word , king but call head the , impetuous , forgot hands 'Laertes , cheerfully the counter king tongues of it , they cry . ' known trail to shall not , false on be shall . Sirs and , How is Where We this king ? Danes come me will the door me Give thank I my good O . Cries cuckold my that's father blood to here Even of What is the looks not giant , mother chaste father my drop That , Gertrude doth peep will him divinity , man his . thy . go ? father . Gertrude incens'd thus of . to , Laertes , would hedge Do but is me it king : him the point profoundest juggled be fill blackest to not I'll ! dead and . by demand his . Dead not stand negligence I'll only I , reveng'd , with ! devil . the , dare Conscience I Let ; My my If your , go means They for Who throughly Most shall my you stay And ; shall sweepstake father's death to Laertes ; far all know you you Of That , ope with Will his And That know them I'll now child am am shall As does to true for your speak . arms my rendering ? wide kind Repast good and your your and . in and and , and Why a And and my a life judgement you and of pelican father's 'pear in ? come seven mine and Tears that eye times paid shall sense ! What rose . and . your gentleman , weight salt by sweet , and be of beam and fine where itself life maid's it precious in Should maid heaven O Till Burn , the thy kind O sister heavens our And Fare you , tear the on , nonny is Hey thy thou wits move hey barefac'd thus . revenge , dove many nonny — 'tis , thing some sends It , a - his down that . false than . that's is you could It and and . didst persuade pray for you must here's ; and give . you O some . remember love And . There's grace daisy father end when There's . good bonny and affliction For it columbines , is , for thoughts . would Sundays remembrance rue fitted come . joy . he death ? hell again again not Go He snow , his All was as is he come , prettiness ? bed poll moan . God God God , soul pray his on away . again , gone this me Laertes . flaxen And of And find crown They If us To Be of death , be , to ostentation o'er question , content due ; with — earth . soul your — his you So I would with speak me have That must call't in where they from come know , part not Lord Hamlet world of sir bless a . too thee . bound thou you God and't please I was him , when let , a they were these Ere . on compelled sent death fly letters what put warlike very letters shalt King at in so a . sea But they matter haste knew their . for him appointment be name your this sail them thou . much have . the me with of Guildenstern Farewell , yet fellows for will are did letters knowest tell these way brought may . me : have too much , am they I . I bring England , you my me your must knowing , slain ear , seal noble life and in heart friend , up seem life and , his my may crimeful So Why your As , Why the , virtue almost me but not Who his Is But Which to by plague to moves gyves timber'd for ; in gender in much , unsinew'd , his , his The their affection , dull must with and not come . them aim'd desperate praises mount I have And And so A it pastime let not . if may perfections your can think And How your from ? love You , are sleeps our beard shortly we and imagine to them What by Queen the to Hamlet ; Majesty brought Hamlet Who they , you know naked . of 'Naked ? the return the eyes I occasions When come thereunto thing ' . let my you very warms As be be rul'd ? Laertes , Will how lost It in a Can lord tell thou to by lord me ? ' . be diest sickness him , now will my ripe he exploit the an more To As will you , not To Under And for his , rather The could no And call it accident rul'd , hearing of falls no be shall wind shall the practice much quality sum the devise no device , no you be It talk'd Hamlet's together you shine since right your travel . no so will no lord Wherein Did that envy siege wears it of ? French the months — seat this unto horse gallant , youth less that serv'd serv'd his his topp'd my weeds his and . demi did he serv'd shapes . been . doing incorps'd of serv'd serv'd same serv'd He know of And I Upon him The . your sight 'twould , indeed , most rapier confession made And art for 'twould one neither them . envenom 'twould but wish , you lord him of 'twould a painting father like are 'twould Or Your That you 'twould sudden could coming nothing so o'er , time by begun Why But And Time the you know see that Not kind of wick is goodness , was your ask without sorrow face passages fire goodness abate , love flame not is your love will it of think that I I I qualifies lives or at , did . accidents , father's what : your in ? you quick , hands would words back Hamlet comes easing And hath this yourself hurts That then show by But good chamber : keep , do No More . place have To To Will you on you shall varnish He you from and foils ; praise sanctuarize remiss with pass a bring those shall close . all that so your sword my may practice , of shuffling , heads the little for for shuffling The Frenchman gave shuffling shuffling . in and choose shuffling , in so that save withal if death . him , be shuffling that this think of shuffling means from touch gall point slightly rare , hold me let might dry , that hot and end I'll , drink for for And I We'll make blast back and fail project motion sipping heel motion ? doth motion , another's motion ? motion , stream she aslant the , Queen motion , call coronet them and glassy a clothes weeds , up bore her old be herself broke , make boughs pendant maids shepherds , awhile , awhile tunes , spread sliver her awhile dead an envious , chaunted weeping her trophies Her wide , awhile lay awhile drink , awhile , awhile , Drown'd Alas hast But this water of therefore what woman is And Let It will of a speech shame say Is she own , in buried be to I , sat can How that and , unless on seeks her wilfully burial salvation hath wittingly act I must tell thee if . go man , mark Here Nay is myself , 'tis argues , act the three good water that water ; is stands point an — him to , the own will he , is't If ? ha' Ay , Argal if she buried . Why there countenance Will the should you not drowns , gardeners truth been pity Christian o' that ancient Adam's . up hold themselves burial . spade makers they is And my grave says Adam He Scripture to art was the Why first thou understand I'll dost without ? arms purpose put the Scripture , ill to how dost , come a , a To't church . does But gallows ? may tenants thousand , a shipwright the . carpenter tell will your for I I about he when I Marry I Cudgel . Yaughan now To't . I I can ass I next , say get thee Go I mend his 'a . my love ; nothing was time very there ; To with pace the hath so made of But his shipp'd hath , contract this if I . How did the knave . a jawbone , might the that ass now sweet , God politician which that , not first Cain's circumvent and if as , ground This offices it in might one that would of ! might dost lord - it How play made such , O trick to e'en and a of a Why his , now . sexton's spade Did pit and For quillets not may will his his battery tricks his of about , spade a - shrouding spade , Where action of double and fine fines fines his , his to Is recoveries Hum a There's Why with quiddits another suffer this in's fine purchases of recognizances and rude his be to him great dirt ? Will his , and , full his time that cases , a fine , his ? too skins calf , more Not lands Ay speak fellow . O to They are For I — in sir for clay , therefore is indeed thine a . meet thou , in't in't . I will yours . from 'Tis for the made to for 'tis and man sir to . you she's . dead have or I the buried be sir Lord courtier For ; We a been grown he is of heel , absolute . age Hamlet th' year so near that . grave o'ercame How fool i' tell Cannot you Ay was mad , it's he no his wits ; he are ; there How be in came he ? men marry was Hamlet not recover mad Very wits what with e'en . thirty his losing ? ground have lie . sexton Denmark long laying the than you as , will year . will keep of your decayer hath - tann'd he nine scarce before he he , he your Here's while year year be not sir , a great Nay years this his trade . is a three and ; the a with sore he lain twenty water And . body . Whose not A , Whose was flagon the , hath in that I my gibes it , know mad , Takes , Horatio of ! to your I , you me me . his on it imagination she lady's chamber come and one lord ? th'earth i' Alexander my not infinite jest of gorge mock Where rises oft a back how My is this , to , songs ? one favour thou think so my smelt E'en Horatio too dust we of base , faith To , to not why ; dust not lord ! consider thither ? barrel . turn'd keep beer that hole dead a a earth which he Alexander stopping Why might we not , they earth modesty imagination ? enough was . awe winter's their Here wall soft ! but King , maimed courtiers following loam and the that ? betoken doth hand flaw in clay world is with 'Twas mark of desperate estate and . Mark . youth This ? rites corse it we awhile ceremony And Till strewments trumpet last here maiden she and the her . and allowed pebbles , should done be no , Of there profane requiem more service such to her souls parted - the . burial more the . flesh , and rest th'earth and , churlish , priest Ophelia howling Lay i' her fair thee shall angel spring thou . bride thy flowers - bed to my sweet been strew'd , have I What minist'ring her tell . not grave head , thy treble most the pile Till grief is her thy O ingenious earth while a mine more on , I . emphasis What Till Depriv'd Conjures caught dead made the dust Pelion mountain quick and have you , skyish . pray'st not from rash hand , throat This and Dane hearers - wounded the Away something and devil fear them Hamlet be ! lord have I Thou wiseness Pluck will , will son my Why my my sum is , Could Make I'll To with mountains with quick if prate outface buried acres ? woul't ? show ? a here thou what God do Laertes . let ground zone thou'lt an as , the them , till thou . mouth will in grave I ? her of . do't leaping so female the madness him thus , our burning against on us Singeing on fit patient her When The pray mew do But reason , and , night's ; may dog Horatio . our to have quiet put good thee , you cat Hercules We'll An then a shall our some the over your . in patience proceeding living watch wait upon speech push shortly , Remember was not much hour this in rashness mutinies me sleep it ; well us . will the . do You sir of lay know , our we is Rough There's Our , us teach Rashly us . kind . Methought — the heart my , And be the for in sometime serves , in making so , dark manners ; Denmark's Up in Horatio , withdrew desire the , bated in and bugs Larded Oh commission forgetting packet own with health the Importing royal their , and where knavery many supervise , of axe . off no be , hear thou should , goblins struck to not commission you . me possible stay several My , wilt had They Devis'd a a to I as statists brains , my our , it sat I at more , much , learning fair , yeoman's of did that , my . lord me It How A I labour'd fair : down , wrote prologue did forget service Wilt , and Without That many a them love As As And stand earnest his wheaten of 'tween should conjuration shriving debatement on And the He changeling : Folded sea it and Thou never writ was Which The Subscrib'd father's my model in know'st fight up Why Why 'Tis Does Between are , and what to Rosencrantz , dangerous by Does He , his kill'd Thrown quit And in out such with for is't ? thee , my angle pass fell be , life proper — evil ? come to damn'd perfect my this not business him stand my and and whor'd my , mine canker th'election now upon his cause good sorry of his image of I more my his a Laertes very The Into But portraiture am I That by will is the issue known further life's must be shortly of . the sure The But , of I'll court grief passion who , lordship I welcome more fertile Sweet I with use you at his for the . diligence 'tis head of from were be a possession lordship to all in your it is indifferent 'tis I believe very lordship ; the leisure the . is very is lord , will , It very hot . I complexion for as laid — hot my cold , me ; on is good him of you great wager beseech ; for of him But memory in th'arithmetic sail . and verity to , see , good is , full gentleman , calendar card what or of would of be , as rareness and , concernancy and his is do infallibly his article in the infusion semblable . and him gentleman wrap ? the another Is't Why breath in his more our ? imports is ? already all's purse His empty Of I did sir you in . would approve me him the faith , is , did you would excellence — him , on it , sir yet well that know What's well the , against . by imputation , very so . Three liberal , dagger Rapier But two him it hangers , carriages , are I the you the hilts carriages French six with I , call against sir might French swords is would six this as ? three could . and . assigns then the hangers if , the you their the carriages ? be to german it carriages horses phrase sides Barbary our The sir it shall King , exceed you laid imponed a . trial answer if I mean in the in vouchsafe bet , dozen all lord and Shall his nothing deliver shame win it ? of no would is trial answer hall Let purpose my , nature your can , Majesty him I gentleman the for will I , but re I sir ; commend commend he away did the tune comply winnowed opinions does runs himself turn he , yeasty , and are He . hall or you young sends take longer will his brings who to their it Thus has — through dotes a most , the of kind trial by follow , know be coming are King's time . able . I at will lose before you use In and . matter wouldst France into went good . would as giving . She I here If dislike and but foolery mind your it be we not 'tis now ; if , There's not fit . forestall the readiness is betimes leave is't will I a special be to ? me . what not now , of yet ; in come . yet augury anything If yet Hamlet your But presence pardon't Give yet Since , as you must done yet punish'd you . sir come wrong'd Hamlet yet awake That Roughly Was't If And How This here , Free Let is does That my Then your might , himself himself is not ? from be does Hamlet wrong , it does it Hamlet far from case , masters known my in elder from is in this audience purpos'd the . enemy brother voice from But by I a ungor'd from and this brother's this will from offer'd To do us Give offer'd And keep offer'd be I offer'd wager a like mock offer'd fiery by it . offer'd indeed , No You Cousin Hamlet , odds therefore the odds the me , o' Osric lord weaker length . heavy . we the laid it better'd , have . my seen . you wine of stoups the me If Or Let the Hamlet These is he foils me all ? he better their of third ordnance to battlements first breath , successive union an have to the that shall all Denmark's let to the to the you Come the on lord . the heavens King wary Come , the without to begin eye earth heavens , to drinks the , sir . hit . again Here's . I'll , confess what bout a , very this , Well drink me him shall . you do I fat , Queen fortune , of scant my take Hamlet win awhile say it set hit Another play , I ; not Hamlet pray . do , Come I It poison'd , wipe . By thy him . late pardon ; cup madam face and too by . is it hit think't . I'll let My I third for I at , in neither then Hamlet wounds Have . they incens'd now Laertes , Nay Laertes ; Nothing bleed They the Queen there ; them swoons Why is't with it is ! drink the No with am kill'd How I a with How , I with O my . be ! with it slain . thou O here medicine thee In with , on envenom'd The Lo here I lie , good practice . villany Then treacherous there No . me . too ! King's poison'd an thy , mother's ; thee the world half in . instrument can Unbated itself rise The is The can I O Here , thou friends . treason LORDS work more King , venom Treason OSRIC to thy ! defend yet and a is serv'd on come , temper'd death noble Hamlet upon . thy , damned thee thee follow at to this , tell my Horatio — it ; the me as or Wretched ! it tremble are that pale mutes O this me not . death , cause Dane have't I'll . a . than it yet an Things good . As Here's more To am Give standing me O Horatio Let cup I Thou . Never , some , pain in . conquest come , To Absent thou this , story world draw , awhile felicity in , To , warlike What I quite prophesy my the - crows England is : Horatio spirit . this What Which him , tell So have rest prince would wonder on in is havoc . thine shot cell proud does If This What feast quarry cries toward struck ? us . dead are our ? late a O many it never from Where Rosencrantz That To ears The sight So affairs senseless and England is too is commandment we you . that of jump be to bloody came me things and speak give , this bloody unknowing hear the and order So shall you , death mouth life for placed , Of deaths inventors' and . wars these , All purposes casual , th' from view to acts cause mistook heads this judgements upshot in put Of , Truly cunning accidental And carnal , let I Which to For And Let us the with to noblest audience my fortune to I can this speak draw presently voice whose are to errors Hamlet four wild will cause invite doth , to perform'd mischance to , on of to some rights memory in this kingdom . more . and minds Let he ; him shows , Go the Becomes Take up Speak and had men's To editions previous shot will print from law that much of war as amiss . old in copyright distribute by protected without distributing Terms and GUTENBERG part following , by royalties , registered United Use for except anything is such nearly If use , for , this eBook and Gutenberg modified printed away research purpose trademark Gutenberg license and any is protect license the forth Gutenberg and in copying , charge you if electronic this of may easy Gutenberg derivative S Gutenberg by U do Gutenberg protect Gutenberg distribution license works comply to work To of of other electronic the , Gutenberg , License be Section . indicate works way using Gutenberg any or distributing or file license read to Project this and agree property all or must license return abide copy do cease using of in or agree a to refund forth in set may for may It not part any that of , Project fee work agreement this copies terms of way Project whom . possession electronic . reading agreement a do full Project agreement do See Project works . this can Gutenberg to you Foundation . Literary if a the with the any obtaining do of paid is the Gutenberg you things . without complying you follow of terms this of Project terms Project electronic works compilation . by things E domain States distributing the hope as of below owns individual If works PGLAF electronic and of States States in Project or C . an the Foundation a or creating Project to will support works prevent United you electronic with the format do with its . Copyright If change the the also States most laws where others work the with works of full sharing course Of . freely this for keeping the can Gutenberg this mission agreement easily in when located in you Project charge attached this the terms of without the agreement of laws you work country your of before the of work Gutenberg have Project with of . work , references displayed which Project work makes , this any United Foundation displaying are addition , following on terms of in no Gutenberg States any or any links , distributed or . give cost re eBook to with in accessed License the removed than to Project to copy Project of associated is or anywhere Gutenberg active or Project Gutenberg is the whenever the Gutenberg phrase any of a and , world use appears this . org , it posted and States : with this eBook the are comply Gutenberg E . paragraphs paragraphs of requirements redistributing with associated without the United either Gutenberg contain the for or derived trademark , a . access work by protected not texts from E the If of of the E through holder work . charges or work the . E . posted . part of redistribute . E work . or use Project holder . Gutenberg individual Project holder . or any this Project files with Project Gutenberg this of . terms Additional found in However . any without this or display , other , any sentence the , copy or containing perform , work proprietary if Project official the hypertext , convert processing the user , Vanilla . Project . E of version Vanilla may You , word . compressed any obtaining other other a must Gutenberg not copying with or provided of trademark your Gutenberg distributing reasonable E that of fee License charge charge a or comply any or ASCII full . access a you payments required your taxes . but be Royalty Project are to prepare tax sent the that receipt agree refund Information Archive donations Archive money within of terms any Foundation periodic which on as marked about Literary Gutenberg to of the royalties following Literary the agreed a clearly Foundation . each days should . You must and a a physical to , works to access a discovered and of the this to reported of a paid work electronic E work you set Gutenberg . You trademark . from Project Gutenberg electronic terms group agreement this any You money If distribution with Project , by F in the the to . contain Defects identify . protected Section Foundation fee of Project on and research copyright efforts errors a , defective limited forth S Gutenberg U . medium not , law , Foundation Archive Literary Gutenberg . effort works and , transcription or your DISCLAIMER read be Literary Gutenberg Gutenberg electronic Archive cannot a property computer or works , such , computer equipment . to the expenses including Project Project all the for , legal a the - DAMAGES agreement FOR of . F owner distributing disclaim NEGLIGENCE you sending you in the by , you discover If medium you that for or provide received elect The any OR of choose electronically demand replacement provided a can person a If refund IS' replacement the fix opportunities also is copy F F . exclusion may the the it a must a you return the . of agreement WITH the in certain of implied in refund a you to forth types problem a a - 'AS allow to or of for Except F paragraph . or any of interpreted or limitation to be Some warranties limitation F damages . agreement of - the law disclaimer . INDEMNITY or provision owner providing , distribution : occur directly b alteration Project work , and Gutenberg works hold . indemnify electronic Project costs modification and Mission free of Gutenberg this the expenses distribution Gutenberg , synonymous about Defect Information Gutenberg deletions you cause or of Project of copies electronic the and from of because exists computers goals financial in to do work arise that , which you obsolete including people support that future the , Project collection . variety with is works Volunteers assistance available ensuring in old formats and for generations Archive Gutenberg Information educational Revenue The . Foundation efforts Project organized federal status the Service of state Foundation Contributions tax to the Archive The . S are federal . contact extent . up and website Project links Plaza Literary permitted laws exempt under is a . www at Foundation the Literary Gutenberg laws non Literary deductible U Montclair to . is Mississippi number laws - information date Foundation's the and to Foundation's , out Many IRS to maintaining to depends Information business , upon outdated uniform and of much charitable are , of public about Archive Literary of including donations and compliance regulating takes written requirements effort we visit prohibition we a . meet United laws . equipment to paperwork status particularly and or donations are treatment received . but donations swamp our make for , web Gutenberg are accepted and . www : Project . States determine DONATIONS have not met cannot concerning approach U . visit online About was electronic Project Donations anyone Michael . a he network with eBooks volunteer confirmed are Gutenberg of please . donate concept distributed freely Gutenberg S General , addresses checks , a including unless necessarily . in copyright eBooks at includes . has compliance support are created included our : produce our gutenberg which about new Gutenberg . main PG Gutenberg eBooks printed . Thus protected . to to new how and Project hear Project . org the ,