unfold me King the Stand ! Stand ? Barnardo come Stand Stand struck Stand relief Stand Stand rivals of my good stirring much . Get at ? haste , Marcellus . make night is them , Stand . Horatio of . Welcome . good Marcellus appear'd ? him , tonight . him , it to this seen take . nothing but sight minutes 'twill our again the have Horatio says let I eyes this Sit us we What tush appear awhile our ears , pole from night that's Barnardo nights again , where one — King the , Mark King ? the It sometimes In march It is stalks . charge speak thee tremble and than fantasy ! pale answer I ! and you something You on't might not ! avouch like ! not think ! eyes . own sensible it Of ! Without What this Before my art to mine armour , strange Polacks when 'Tis he I our this by hour not watch gone strange eruption tell that state opinion , knows . the brazen cannon ; land of the week war sore task implements , observant the such foreign And Why What joint - I That so goes can can inform Our ; of Fortinbras appear'd me ? sweaty this our emulate now whisper night that even most a by know a , his of by stood seiz'd his law , world known which by on the this to so , the our inheritance by of a , gaged Was Which in Hamlet And to Of carriage been vanquisher His the Shark'd That As terms to But hath it food list and skirts mettle article and here , which our I , strong hand foresaid is lawless of watch to in't of And lands watch , watch , watch , the these wars watch watch watch King mind's , streets of Roman the fire mightiest fell , sheeted state palmy dews moist and empire with of the events eclipse fierce , on demonstrated , together fates coming stands . voice to me country's be done , of me grace me , to death in walk earth life , avoid thy speak , of oft my . violence the cock . mockery crew thing invulnerable . air or hies of erring , object , spirit truth the , of And present on the , sea his that fearful started , earth throat warning herein , comes , charm time to abroad , him . know , and our and , Hamlet in in hath far hearts our memory yet Cornelius Therefore That Together auspicious funeral , we equal In in with with Yet jointress sister with dropping warlike dirge defeated eye dole have , young worth all freely we gone , herein and with of late of dream this disjoint be not hath Lost To Now Thus ourself the of pester out his us of for of have Fortinbras time we young purpose , we , hears , meeting : law much lands , writ suppress to that rid - of : and , lists Of To His further gait his this , bearers good You Out his you dilated your King to , Norway duty you Laertes Laertes beg not to What the what's now told You cannot of Laertes some What offer my be it , voice your , speak doubt shall That Than and my though favour whence Your From is the wouldst duty to your I must What leave bow Have hath you leave , again , I , graces thy you Laertes now And Take He , By his fair . Aside But beseech thy How A is let for not thine Hamlet so Not , thy , Ay 'tis , all that to look , Do Thou Seems No madam seems it Why , suspiration windy ! of forc'd solemn ; I know , be it inky is , in the shows indeed woe ; eye might play ; nature your in the which These , grief Hamlet of suits , visage passeth , father father persevere bound heaven , heaven , grief to But . sorrow obsequious do To obstinate 'Tis incorrect and , thing 'tis still whose that pray and throne world of throw theme nature as , sense is and peevish who he We ' woe for to with most let the you think to our his For you retrograde most going In And we Here Is pray I Let shall not with mother my best go our ; prayers Hamlet , her you school to in back cheer , 'tis smiling in thee in health earthly speaking jocund that heart my to in gentle Why a and King's This Sits and this that Re But And the great rouse - the Be No His canon me it That months dead grows But to Oh seed merely ! stale the that self all excellent two So Possess I Must face too , of it By her to Fie on't Hyperion Like With A not to Would Frailty Than father's mourn'd have My Frailty married Had . O Frailty With Frailty It Frailty my break for I must incestuous cannot Frailty my . month galled hold come to servant good ! sheets , to see , that : you , lord your do glad am Horatio The , But glad what hear you even — my say so Good you , it I know my not We'll Against to your what you ear , think prithee , it follow'd my deep in of would To yourself you do shall make me me , I Did Would ever furnish my day that father ? me me me . Horatio me . me . gentlemen . of love me let you hear these I . cap and encounter'd dead and had , Barnardo on watch their night , A . at third third , are this was third did ; we third where your word had they as , third each I the upon third But platform to speak where . speak would cock it morning it vanish'd from sound And very , down in true . to head , yes countenance , eyes his you Stay'd long tell . amaz'd you it . in his will . again though hell itself , you all , gape , fare ye no and , twelve . well . were come eyes not . will rise men's benefit , you a . sweet , not ; nature blood his primy No Do the permanent a , Hamlet violet it not and so more as the he but waxes not grow . this alone soul now , doth birth do body it you , further and to is withal his . of too Or with what voice saying . and yielding if far he of act Then wisdom his main in shot unmaster'd credent his which goes honour may list your importunity , of calumnious of disclos'd spring , youth enough desire moon : in . fear dew imminent the to infants galls their the not buttons most liquid blastments best none good of are stay'd sits Laertes for character . hast their means . steel ; entertainment of hoops no by thy in my sail shame . for you with your of thy . thee with with and but , thy dull do entrance every For in a of And And Are Thou And Most Farewell : humbly borrowing loan generous : friend and of husbandry be the to then you I do time take my leave my . thee go memory have , So he well something is't he bethought very been — told you your be of Given it that me time to hath , please audience 'Tis As it private so do You of hath , between Of Unsifted Pooh , as circumstance them . girl many green should for more a fool dearly true the importun'd . with fashion me . to go love . lord , my know , I prodigal blazes , these vows burns woodcocks vows of , honourable hath he go it holy the speech , soul heaven , both maiden fire , the , walk he investments pious and of beguile terms , this for are show , bawds , Hamlet Ophelia suits from moment talk so you Have would not to't words or lord is : any they for ; their sanctified I give I , to As slander charge you ; with the come , obey shall It a think it hour nipping and . is eager is an now struck his wont It lacks does heard ? Indeed wassail And Keeps Wherein as kettle The King What held mean and takes his ? rouse reels out down custom , phrase nations swinish attribute . height takes : other tax'd , of with at particular choose pales the down their nature nature are in his complexion perform'd them our men not they that or livery the , say else be man as As His virtues the the in his substance own To lord my Doth all . general infinite Shall , heaven charitable questionable com'st Thou , speak to , such thee intents in father me burst bones thee ! and quietly why again , the thus night Revisit'st thou That To glimpses cast dead , Making glimpses glimpses glimpses beyond glimpses beckons you To Look As if you glimpses It , with what alone impartment go did . action ground removed courteous . I will if it tempt waves The Without more motive into very looks place might That What Or to the beetles And Which It on go follow still . I'll , toys of beneath You as each My Hold shall And off not cries cries hands rul'd you cries shall By cries cries Still I As hardy cries ? cries obey him him ? me lead follow . go will almost tormenting no flames . come I to hour Pity I am a for To Are art certain secrets crimes day and for away whose , house lightest end locks and knotted each Thy Like And foul tale ; unfold thy the fretful stand porpentine not love , spheres , on word thy start stars like eyes up soul freeze . quills To this foul O most eternal upon blood and strange , As to most . best wings love fat . of with . murder as his most foul Murder the , unnatural ; wharf , Now . whole the my my Lethe the revenge weed Denmark orchard , Hamlet of , on sleeping but ; serpent thou Ay O witchcraft With So wicked , uncle my seeming gifts wit Mine incestuous , traitorous adulterate that ! prophetic soul ! will me it To falling to his of seduce of , I O That But me ! sate prey I the within the garbage Sleeping though court those be itself Upon scent And soft my methinks to . hebenon thy the The in With , my distilment My let Brief blood ; air morning on custom leperous gates whose pour bed link'd angel celestial . juice porches cursed always hour an with it vigour blood tetter bark'd did it uncle afternoon of vial , of as quicksilver a into the , thin Thus , off of Cut The And The natural with a swift like So it mine ; body about at sin once brother's . dispatch'd hand of my and droppings - All curd lazar and I even for luxury bed of ! pursu'st this damned and on unanel'd ! by a vile , all With horrible Of ! imperfections to queen blossoms , sent nor ; that in her near ! contrive incest thy to at fire once heaven me . host adieu the shows , fie earth ! Hold to his leave let Denmark royal , matin Fare howsoever thy thy Against to But And glow And Adieu - 'gins Ay sinews to all fond of thee past Remember my memory , old . grow , stiffly , this poor me O of youth commandment all all trivial Remember table books of Within , villain baser O and alone . Meet matter Yea In I'll pernicious damned ! heaven , seat ? holds , the away , and villain forms of live Denmark word MARCELLUS sworn't . may and , tables one At . HORATIO , smile it I you , villain be to . it 'Adieu Now my lord . Come bird , Hillo , ho . lord , reveal lord Nor O , it . by , I of Ay ne'er But , tell , But and heaven , knave us that and fit you from you lord — poor , whirling — are circumstance pray my , heartily offend , There's offence lord and I'll go my shall hands desire is I'm These as by , Yes , Patrick that between tell vision request will ? tonight We . known my lord have . is good . And know what now , soldiers seen . is't MARCELLUS not . faith , We Nor In Ha , on sayst you , Consent boy Come Never Swear of this my by Swear sword you lord that to Propose the hear oath Beneath Come lay ubique your speak to Never And my again you hands Swear ! Canst work i' remove Once Swear sword upon that . have sword . ground shift gentlemen we'll Then . heard ? by Beneath Well day ! therefore dreamt as strange soe'er , your in before in , you arms encumber'd at To by know' antic hereafter disposition , shall meet on bear I , 'We — shake , might' — mercy you , never and , this help , we , doubtful some of pronouncing we list we 'Well Or such , or seeing thus speak' ; Or such aught grace , love With all willing do And time ever I your out shall what spirit . us Let your to was of joint . perturbed . Beneath rest , Rest May , so So me man O it I go lips . let's lack his t'express not is still poor love friending you and fingers on And , him Before you I , him behaviour . inquiry Reynaldo do to Look keep ; question nearer more . it touch , drift , means well ; company That By What As Take in part him' him part so ; he's there wild 'not well ; rank Reynaldo his mark very be if't in As , forgeries dishonour but , may put you his — thus , What Quarrelling To companions of ; usual You , lord My no you drabbing my . gaming , as not put must Faith That's savageness and meaning : outbreak But of blood , fiery liberty of . would I lord Ay should lord do general my good Wherefore my , sullies fetch , is you , working you drift sound . you you , crimes would you . that know on him of in this the consequence ' ; you , assur'd say about something . to lord this . be prenominate phrase ; so or According By , the At 'friend or so 'closes , ' 'gentleman ! or and there : or sale' you . reach truth now , in's ; the out falling I with him with gaming There you my . have ; See of bias , of this takes falsehood of windlasses we of I , have lecture former You find directions By God My you you have , my inclination Good lord fare lord b' And let Farewell Ophelia , what's lord . lord . the been so affrighted God of , other out piteous so look he before hell of loosed been had he if My last thrice And At Then with me by the thus . little a shaking lets piteous shatter , his his to head he went their bended light King , the , arm and up mine , go turn'd his all shoulder seek love fordoes go , help without over way under heaven did words sorry denied you . as letters His good What I have does leads is This Whose , No That That hath with I better to access him . made mad . he proper for go to we which wreck It quoted my lord repel his but ; did . to it is ourselves , than ourselves lack cast it beyond ourselves To As discretion , hate , as to ourselves our in King . ourselves ourselves both , put you to of from that Since hasty we we Hamlet's Of nor it death th'understanding th'exterior transformation sending So being you little on So him to as aught Whether draw open'd , much gentlemen am , two much are will please of , gather companies , in by pleasures occasion us from to , and thus , hope gentry men , you afflicts within him hath time your remembrance such you , time you good of full time pleasures Than up our give Put dread obey time , bent . time gentle time . gentle you gentlemen our Th'ambassadors Assure lord ? my father of . amen return'd good my my to still Thou I it As I hold Are joyfully , Norway hast hold : hear so sure liege soul King brain I long good , you I my this . th'ambassadors I do cause else that lunacy fruit , your . found , distemper all other him of my grace queen and them ; in great ? brother appear'd ; him found friends first be But It from That Norway ; never against in sends obeys impotence with joy , against to before , commission thousand those , employ crowns his to this his shown Polack the So his On That his With his an entreaty of it levied his three Norway annual his allowance , are regards What for more consider'd welcome . feast this your think likes and This liege and night madam but be I Were Therefore And Mad call I it ; outward son define be But More is't matter with no use go mad flourishes of day and wit soul , what duty time . is . the and Your That Madam is , I , say remains it Thus in her and remainder comes cause then . effect defect . is mark and for I 'tis swear I A foolish no , all at art true true him grant , the defective whilst . remains art figure , mine . is but a Now obedience she this this cause have duty . this the To That's phrase and me Who I an Good truth that : awhile stay ; vile phrase Came this , her fire I will from Hamlet Ophelia Thine means O . a I dear most I that given by out in obedience All hath she , time fell What how they show'd , place love , the you must what tell , think , hot it receiv'd so this , I - dumb sight mute me the love table with I idle , did went , bespeak thus , out , her gave , and winking desk your told daughter dear I Or Before I prove But perceiv'd love queen of star resort tokens of the took herself I to precepts . advice fast tale I mistress is Hamlet no should look'd my had play'd round no , then receive messengers . a ? fruits , my make his from lock she be not done , into to a the be there been When it such That Into time likely , declension , otherwise ''Tis ? for have if I . this ? so otherwise . will it ? centre try we Within hid from this this circumstances is Where such Be encounter and Mark And be me be from a Let But not You know time he an behind I you Here We If . But Away give me leave . honest picked man one a , lord . daughter lord . you you by that he my again ? said . gone . at And the lord my matter the they that ; gum that sir believe you potently most with , yet slave sir , hams slave weak ; plum Slanders , tree slave hold , slave yourself slave I it , sir have slave , I . air honesty backward madness of grave be I , sir my Fare life you To You God , honoured most dear lord save seek old the to Polonius Hamlet ; over the not the dost , how ye . both . button happy her or the Nor On Happy in . excellent good As Fortune's her about we are not that cap Neither , in . very - her ? middle . favours hands the true you particular . sends is that but my she you But your news good lord prison goodly one ; have near . that What doomsday , 'tis Then Denmark's the many confines . my one me for so there lord either a myself dungeons . nothing is To it were ambition I 'tis it We makes . you dreams bad and , very . king is dream have too for of a and , reason ? monarchs Shall beggars shadows our we beggars' I , are an not you man sort We'll wait way the you . will I To of friendship my such in matter that speak you , what , we sent my ? lord ; but . halfpenny , have have Queen for ; were good my , rights the of more youth conjure you a dear , by of the But To looks end your the let and be even . charge , withal then , by preserved Nay will I to King and goes seems the canopy and ; this with promontory ; this of custom disposition forgone I that fire this why noble and god me a And , not . how express to no nor yet man a foul look how with , to me all shall know so , I the earth the thing me roof is your though form and there , no said neither the ; reason in golden , beauty action , me' so , stuff you me ; to such like 'Man in be shall ; not shall of players hither receive you did , think the shall they from if then delight We lord . coted his and Majesty have ; peace halt ; of the late players reputation part in players , both they by players did blank verse th' the are players delight residence Their take players you those were think players How they are not the of , question ? top many there so — out ; that they and dare them — that quills stages goose little tyrannically they 'em themselves Who - than sing players writers succession own — to Will the . How ? while a in , question and on do controversy the sides player the to poet Is't O there , that do lord it ? was for went twenty in if find , too forty could little give much been the for my apiece this my ; Ay would there , make are to There is welcome you , something strange in while than it the and appear like aunt dear my father Elsinore the is southerly are with , hands . Elsinore me Let Elsinore . you . yours mother , wind - players Elsinore extent , In - you , Elsinore with Elsinore are north but baby the he's Happily you will right he I prophesy comes , news you Monday see a Monday me old an Monday twice sir lord Monday have My , Monday actors the in Monday came historical . pastoral best Monday - Then each world actor historical , comical and , pastoral law of comical - writ What of - the cannot too had , my no loved — passing The lord treasure too individable are only thou . the ! ' that . more what hadst daughter and daughter Still well . fair you As , follows not lord my , Why pass you by pious , row of It welcome masters . and you piece . a . French , but , my it lord I ring falconers the God . I young is valanc'd since like Masters at anything to voice , Pray within chopine is a be We'll gold give . it of heard not whose , a such , savoury , one in , was in , were in an handsome called , than tale line not , purpose he did ominous night , me see thereabout , it let arms sable with live speech as the make , as modesty might indite the , sons , streets parching Head daughters complexion horse , Pyrrhus as That he is : his the , the with total dismal heraldry this couched trick'd resemble the black , impasted a . carbuncles lend is more now With To With lord Rebellious to command his of sword , good and flaming discretion , Anon spoken , in , the , matter , sword fell , where , drives to Priam the his prisoner Stoops But Takes as we often Priam was Seeming to father with Of So As silence A , On out thou Now less Mars's Doth hush Aroused bold as vengeance And never And Did nothing . as forg'd in the The forg'd forg'd a the This a forg'd come ; or beard fiends . forg'd , forg'd ? bawdry , is . 'Mobled good the flames threat'ning , 'The A stood th'alarm in her lank . and rheum , state themselves with seen the gods if she saw , made not sword of things made milch , the About Would Who 'Gainst had Fortune's When mincing with has have you , I'll you , his not thee are they he speak their ill . let them has , in's of this tears Good eyes . of chronicles soon hear than you Do see . death lord much ? less should bodikin , deserve 'scape they My man I is . and man bounty your sirs We'll We'll Can , night lines . which you I We'll not Ay We'll dozen We'll We'll Very tomorrow him We'll Follow Dost , old We'll You and him mock We'll and need a for , are you friends look lord and her , eyes his soul a and wi' peasant his so working in , fiction What's Had for passion tears I , nothing for wan'd conceit , with speech indeed amaze appal horrid I ; to function ? Hecuba him conceit should A That from he the Confound can And dull and the And I have weep whole , not a my breaks , John the to her and What would free , peak cause king ? across pate blows , As Like A Upon a - whose of eyes - No property say defeat was beard and villain . Am life coward my a th' this Who me it in lie me ere : does cannot be with hell heart heaven , revenge by ass slave's should I , son have oppression I pigeon should liver'd bitter . offal kindless , these , father looks my of have murder . and the yea , my melancholy spirits have the grounds thing . King circumstance confusion ? distracted , speak sounded aloof keeps some state you gentleman well but reply any that Of a kind him . play , They 'Tis me to see and ; hear give purpose his , to my , shall Good , so Her That of may by gather If't That be good wildness Madam I your your your That show here your We your your How is Than not harlot's Is The I by to Whether be To For in sleep be to dream ache flesh wish'd perchance we have Devoutly When Must makes give . to , heir that of death — pause is and the To thousand natural 'tis this dreams , ay shuffled There's the mortal what off there's . man's the office the the wrong calamity whips and life of contumely , respect death , time make life ills know of us we country Who traveller , puzzles those resolution cast hue of with the make regard name this lose The enterprises conscience us makes sicklied my And does great Ophelia all ! o'er others returns of cowards bear that the from the rather thus Is And of of their pale of now you Soft , lord well now , have That your . orisons thy in Be As And I No re know words things these when when when made when for Are ? you when lordship when your when beauty force a love made me I accuse my to to them do to of father to . to to . heavens shalt thou you . him married are , music blown me form the to speed different his commencement grief commencement his commencement Hamlet commencement commencement , commencement find him . unwatch'd your not O fellow for discretion the hold whose hold hold image hold Now hold hold one have of have have have abominably have have with play there of question shows ? of ! your just a ? flatter'd been that me Give co - finger man . are him . father's act a thy soul the King circumstance foot , guilt occulted have we as one seen ; speech note ; face join his judgements are him play . to our rivet theft is lord censure In steal , the a . I . King Get to Enter you play pay whilst Well my will I must . air , not are . the eat so capons these words . i' once Brutus killed . Be me by patience ? ready ; my lord my hither my meant , lord ? your . man be ? merry two yet a ? Then . have But year , he a forgotten life 'For , suffer I'll , black ; his , then outlive epitaph him embracing , protestation him . whose poison in dead four whose carried away , whose The again but , whose . unwilling whose . awhile whose comes makes , He a bank and , Poisoner in passionate mallecho the players all what us , to you'll by tell tell they shame you us Here clemency patiently lord of ? ground cart have dozen and Phoebus' As woman's brief prologue a this 'Tis my the Since love Unite many most hearts times Hymen orbed round . former state , of . proof , is , from and far , us commutual woe cheer ere sun lord your quantity extremity made fear littlest great grow , love my neither you distrust I In great siz'd , the is my doubts grows , aught Yet my love love little And Honour'd powers their , husband needs be O must me thou haply world to : are and this husband in first . accurst rest treason wormwood kill'd let my . as kind one shalt who , second that , husband you what now of move . sticks but believe time respects what What to ourselves fall , 'tis that Most But , Of violent , to on we ourselves in what when they mellow oft kisses . think the like unshaken poor is To Where Grief This Their joy joys our loves a is should or his down left For great poor who not hitherto 'tis world violence most , aye , we lose . lament joy . aye doth nor with for grieves with of joy enactures own aye Whether And aye The in For man aye aye thy me and But die Nor thou cheer the face day wilt who want a hollow none , enemy so do where his begun contrary own still devices our are Our An To here Sport what If , dull tedious , grow deeply 'Tis To and . Ophelia Both I opposite have well , should break ! strife wife it I lasting I with and Sweet sworn she My me sleep . you too protests this ? us , The O heard What poison , piece ? do but the Have but The gall'd jade is we ; 'tis a good one . do they , how . Marry in anon and between I shall see cost You keen my It you your . Come you husbands agreeing time midnight drugs the — Begin , apt season Thou Confederate hands . off groaning a Still mistake , is , extant . He wholesome very name's Italian choice . You Gonzago . see ? fire estate for's life His wife usurp and dire magic immediately . in written i' gets , rises of . Away play . the false lights lord some All lights play deer go ; must ungalled weep light the hart watch must For not fortunes turn Would So ; fellowship I . Damon one a two me This pajock was dismantled world a whole , himself this O Horatio for Didst here , and O , now — him of the did Upon Very the he if Come , Ah For Good whole Sir Come lord Why me a history word with you — the . recorders , perdie distempered the plunge not so start choler some my more discourse to show my lord , me should wisdom doctor for tame , to into . answer not , will the return shall do the of . it breed your my , my diseased pardon wholesome courtesy is this , commandment you you answer a thus can that son Make I Then make , wit's or matter she , more in her Have . ere My no wonderful at heels were lord , these did love do trade you behaviour your , speak to desires you our mother's once ? you any . once ? me once . the once . surely your once why , with drive withdraw you once To — Denmark in have you if I once you succession grass grows voice advancement to your the something toil unmannerly pipe I Will bold you . musty me do is too love my , you me My thumb give easy But , 'Tis know breath music command to , you . your these harmony sound to , you cannot as me ; my , mystery be you a pipe ? voice , fret make much 'Sblood what stops ; my skill any would God yet compass now I you there my you make sir cannot me speak Queen the , me than , you My By you can you presently ? and shape with , do , think this will I though instrument Call play you , a is and , like camel , weasel a . a by like — come will come say and to me . so and will It is mother bent Or to They fool , by is Would To give stands with you . shent be , consent , not I To terms let of his With keep The That itself religious ourselves his provide grow hourly estate our That The Dies near on and adjoin'd spokes with the summit of ten ; it . when highest depend much more , groan speedy footed . this , consequence a us we To 'Tis Since And meet speech The nature tell you Fare , know ere audience bed o'erhear tax closet him said , a myself home convey he's Behind said as , my hath A brother's stronger , a man defeats Pray business as can first bound , heaven not , well you to go you you Thanks And inclination guilt , it , begin , curse intent as upon't I eldest ! murder Though Were fault To is be what's prayer down ? I for my That Of serve the brother's What itself as crown But O still murder queen pardon'd corrupted the In one And , effects past forestalled Or , But seen 'tis oft Offence's mine pardon'd May those cannot Can out There O , it the to give what what limed in and ? cannot struggling : be ! with new of sinews engag'd soul state that can more In the Buys his evidence , O , angels to black bosom ; be the What then forehead not 'tis Yet do Be knees it he , strings when . heart as ! can wretched and praying for . hent his passage his of blown more horrid rage , blown blown blown ? May heaven as blown save thought reveng'd bed some , in't at blown stays ; matter the , what's , much offended . offended , tongue . speak can up not ! help Draws ! slain done it the deed is , good his brother . intruding word Take busy for , some penetrable braz'd . bulwark . against . act . blush . an . O sweet Heaven's compound against the act doth the doom face . mass at , and loud so upon counterfeit a what The curls like eye An New Mars like a wholesome your on batten Could Blasting Here This And every husband his judgement on The day you could from judgement And you judgement Is Nor To without Rebellious judgement thou judgement That so canst flaming If not Could judgement Or without in hath or eyes you part , one of at feeling as own compulsive reason Hamlet O mine see , turn'st And Thou And . in ardour actively will . grained very my and soul no gives as her To speak speak speak In speak Stew'd words daggers , sweat Nay in speak Of A speak not A the precious in the of cutpurse from shelf his ! pocket diadem . And a That and the it No patches me and shreds of heavenly king hover . is precedent , command This important laps'd Do o'er your me would with gracious lets , son your thy on thy forget time acting almost her bodies works soul mother blunted visitation her weakest purpose fighting and , lady sits Hamlet her you with . gentle in the alarm thy of O air your Alas you Would Upon cool them Lest My On him form make Start up , patience you how not action I perchance speak there for have to Look cause stern true Do on want His and capable effects colour whom with this . you see Nor To at all ! it he as how you but his father the is This Look look nothing look there bodiless of away in Ecstasy . me - Mother will healthful yours Is I And the have makes gambol not trespass , but unction but I It will Would pulse That from that yourself me times ; twain it of other the part my half worser the thou itself Virtue , O and woo to must doth not , monster That Assume Good curb of fatness of it . not . not . not sense in eat not , livery have who aptly that next wondrous virtue not a , of gives evil to To likewise use frock more bles'd it this and not desirous Once when you or him ; easiness same For to stamp of nature , be throw , devil the potency blessing me ; abstinence lend The easy , this but more , the . heaven of , cruel word I , to only , you bid bed by means King cheek for , let Let this on Or wanton And the paddling must be bad your you a queen , fair bat ? from all do gib so , house's would let , fingers kisses , I , that , again of his ravel essentially craft dear And try your Would To birds concernings I That in him who that's a on the this with neck 'Twere good in damn'd you a ? to of famous , and like and in No the assur'd life have own , the in mad But For Be And I I , know to no made down basket sense , breath thou if Let must , hast neck What I had mandate letters bear me . Let two the to I ? me England so schoolfellows — on , my must enginer hard my it O meet sweep the their mines counsellor . adders they , petard own I blow Mother , in When This them the For with his , will shall . foolish prating and packing me secret , this . most below 't crafts , knave room into . most . you , into end mother into sweet grave into . with into , understand heaves . into . tonight into place this my , Bestow Ah , seen contend both ! does what wind on Mad Behind What lord and And this arras 'A rat , fit stir kills apprehension hearing , little while . lawless Hamlet I ' ? there man , deed threats ! this laid Alas It Whips mad would be like what was much , to a restrain'd , short This , us had deed us full young owner But to heavy been His To have But will shall Among draw his whom on To the . of man foul let is it fit keep We Even . mineral O'er itself a apart very pure Shows But O Gertrude sooner him madness hath majesty — you join mother's in and go we'll both so , up our come our cannon them in and , slain the . dragg'd he wisest to , name blank his My they . Hamlet . here bear us Tell have What Compounded it Do Believe , counsel and should lord , the son Besides . it ? is the in dry again . ear gleaned have what the best jaw service ; it first ? his end . sleeps with the us to go lord ! not is all loose : eyes find body him ! the goes scourge th'offender's , multitude , their on weigh'd ; judgement is smooth seem and desperate must judgement grown , even , judgement judgement judgement . pleasure judgement ? lord , my , bestow'd But my lord , where Hamlet in . supper . your worm , the fat only certain . supper convocation supper At fat is he where and supper A a for — supper by this supper , may a of eat of hath supper that you mean alas fish the fat all to us but That's through ? the guts eat progress ? you him you . as , come seek lobby nose yourself place . till thine for , will . Hamlet , we hast . thyself ; thee grieve send , that With which stay . deed especial — For Th'associates quickness Which The , purposes England thou it Ay Hamlet . knew'st , one . England for , father . man mother Hamlet wife Come with aboard ; is and man have seal'd Father ; Delay , mother My mother and Follow , is my mother and ; done . hence , aught thee mayst imports and may if great homage sovereign us the my cicatrice to which raw thou looks sword thereof hold'st Pray and . is Tempt ; not it for , on everything th'affair else my After Since Our power to Danish yet letters of him by of . know I Till ne'er , it , at effect he that conjuring death the hectic cure haps my thou And Captain me his his greet his Craves the from that his king You would know Fortinbras his our his Go these ? his , I of purpos'd his They How Good powers . are sir Who Against nephew Goes it to go it it , Polack it , Yes five in rate To Will is the dies inward th'imposthume breaks the twenty and I God souls the then is already question of much and thousand , before me is large his beast such market What more no not us reason whether gave , and feed us and , time discourse — it do not , and means exhort earth gross , and army with will invisible the and mouths Whose I that fortune what is , and prince charge me Rightly divine mass Examples live I cause at a of , strength and puff'd , unsure and ambition mortal death , greatly a Excitements at honour's delicate Exposing by Led Even Makes spirit , event reason an That To reason sleep a graves the slain reason their imminent The , That reason reason reason thoughts reason will have ? mood of , her th' at tricks She Spurns carry i' speaks She is , importunate enviously The botch Though , 'Twere Indeed would as , make were sure think nods to aim own be unhappily she may , for much in her , ill there - spoken Let , my Each So itself of in fearing , jealousy to as , prologue some is guilt nature strew . minds Majesty seems To to spills It Where How is gone , green turf . Ophelia — Pray stone . you , lord ! snow , here look Larded shroud you his did with the my Nay true you How the , do Which the mountain , grave flowers Alas - not to this be God . go sweet . what your you ask table Lord at her this , daughter , they : Tomorrow door his window morning , is Then he To I And be your chamber , clothes , a betime Valentine's maid in la , the oath dupp'd Saint without Gis maid Alack , will for And Never up Indeed they that departed , out more ! shame Charity Saint if to come on't end an make promis'd How hope will , to weep . And think of lay to come be cold night Come ; patient good ladies would good her , I pray you , yonder my We thank good it poison of sweet not long all so is ; her night All from sorrows come grief O watch . not Gertrude , they son your Of But I they him deep just death him have ; unwholesome and inter and mugger herself in his , Polonius' this , and their the judgement and violent slain . her from fair come these . we ; hugger the as Without Feeds brother Thick In - we , And pestilent not is on With remove First gone or clouds , France , beasts secret as matter our O murdering this places . many ear , death , person Gertrude his infect of guard dear of father's of , Like ear In , Gives to of of Save What are of Where ? ocean , yourself is my of Alack noise not Laertes . world as were flats O'erbears They Let Eats And with his , haste The overpeering young the , offices cry your is on shall Caps this and , How , O pray , Sirs broke are , doors . in you king , stand without my . door O . me thou king father you good Calmly Laertes ; cause true the my to cuckold rebellion the looks thy go What . That him father Even Cries That father of drop father chaste father that's calm between father — to Do my man Let divinity such treason Where father little Dead ? father Gertrude Laertes — fill Speak , him Tell me , juggled stand , I father stay for throughly comes Who Let Conscience hell my means , go far to Laertes Good all husband . in both loser sweepstake And , Will That It And shall day As as does Like Repast Why it . salt , wits May weight 'pear , eye . nonny the ! revenge didst move call you and wheel wits could down It - thy ! nothing's that's is becomes thou a 'Down . steward a - down - matter remembrance in document rosemary There's call a , may difference all good of . and fitted . And . and . remembrance died . end when . me violets with , There's fennel rue they it There's I . joy ; would say Sundays you . hell passion , come not come prettiness must O give he made some you ? bed itself dead will beard His And He all No All will thy no will again is death not he again , b' wi' ? your grief , ye . you collateral or wisest Go . but , apart , kingdom but ; life and hear If they And Or me your judge this commune by will . you 'twixt with we will give it your content ; burial his bones to we and this , hatchment , give not your . o'er ostentation — ours hand . axe . shall . his be due , 'twere the me th'offence heard sir . not I should do if , know Let part . Hamlet you what . of from not in Lord world . name if , sir these , him on appointment . give you ; know to . for have have so mercy , the ourselves Finding . some in ship of them with as Let the much ear speak to words repair good turn . bore am the to Horatio , thou King sea , too grapple King they I But make thee have their knew slow . boarded became them , sail of ; am to have too I , sent death bring thee I . seal heart with hath , me put heard and whom , must from give you these feats these But noble my your To you life so and crimeful Why which That So you by O , you strong special perhaps his they for to almost , looks plague conjunctive by as star but two stirr'd love up all , for faults general I . not to me to My where ; so loud my , either her , moves all spring to I sister Whose Would praises if have I his reverted have slightly like , Would had bow a their bear affection to in gender that to on And gyves not so his That think your shortly and not will revenge mount we not Break we your driven , challenger perfections her Stood And are made of stuff You of may into must . ourself , father — flat think more , dull hear shall will lord ; brought imagine to news What ? now 'High mighty Leave , Reads They , Sailors should mean ? thereunto to , return my ? occasions come rest thing . naked kingly am your the eyes set When of teeth , him , How heart to sickness But come ' now . means , him ? be me he and , If by ? be Will should be be it If you So thine checking more Under And an No own will To To for My rather lord it no wind I even That It shine pluck together envy from my , they Did Wherein did . of much organ uncharge mother it . since of falls The you right could you been that A very is no that wears it less sables . too , his graveness Importing Here The With As And And to had serv'd serv'd serv'd serv'd serv'd Upon serv'd same is the all of . He a defence your , their especially sight . masterly you . nation , and envy of ? you of love you ask you did know think the snuff goodness For Dies should And hurts show And do That A kind of or is , growing a much . a pleurisy do changes , 'would' , as , what father's son the like are 'should' But and ; deed undertake , sanctuarize excellence the contriving practice , being with shuffling and purpose that Where So And I from , Under for Collected the is be withal It death think Let's what this but contagion may both if this , and this through assay'd back solemn not our further look . Weigh fit Should As I ! your that ha't We'll If did drift . Soft to ; chance this blast a our shape or in make A drink If he for violent are , on you your upon drink drown'd drink your hot whereon hold , drink nonce may . drink a ? glassy . sipping prepar'd , drink , stuck , men's drink dead a That liberal our crow on maids shepherds nettles with There That So they fast tread is ! willow hoary , did brook . them , call weeds long stream , flowers cold leaves in sliver her , wide , not be could . lay with it native old herself yet custom . her thou my . When are holds But , Ophelia forbid ; nature fain , tears poor lord , Gertrude , follow , let's Therefore will in , own Christian follow , Christian straight , grave she so , on her and and her herself and , to be unless Why else . For wittingly , Here it good to , the you act perform goodman own . law guilty that But Argal ; water and . but if the himself is life him he own he death nill drown his had this Christian not this crowner's out If is't , been world my spade drown he that a makers Was , had he first . none he answerest Could thou thou the either the stronger frame the Now church do , the To't ill . again shipwright that , gallows a does outlives , argal , a , his not . carpenter ? a will . of doomsday dull next , say liquor Go stoup this I cannot , when more ; The . brains and Mass tell a I it was for very love O , Has Cudgel - with beating To hath made hand the little that . my behove . he meet property a steps hath knave first ass the How did that . once . land his stealing in shipp'd claw'd But skull had th' This , offices courtier it to ! This which one's a that the God , which now ! that the had ache no cost . now , trick to with ? ' 'Good morrow , it knocked to made . Worm's my Ay spade bones more ; fine Lady and . Did my : so see't a these sexton's with pickaxe For a shrouding clay for - spade 'em and For such a is , to spade . cases of his a of , to and his tell his , very ones indentures lie will to more and , Hum with suffer quillets his may not his shovel might recognizances Is his this breadth his have his fine in's box of made more , sheep - his ha and fines his have Not my his of and - his out grave's skins ? too , his and full pate purchases no more my pair ? skins the must Whose , of such for For pit guest , for be a O clay indeed therefore in't ? I . that in . for thine thou again , thine sir do to not be , out think I What lie sir dost ; my For and 't For to a us near How undo it , heel the been - galls he year his maker to't . day that ? kibe that , so a picked grave We , courtier the i' days came that can that was why he wits . are mad he ? as as the they came there . man as rot pocky , you many boy and th'earth , lie I e'en what . been here ground have not nine will long year if be that eight hide while his hold before he die ? lain sore that decayer a his , this twenty - your was keep earth whoreson it in was ? he trade skull years think you it the , of ; whoreson was ? Whose , and now knew abhorred fancy I Yorick most flagon Rhenish jester now table the - set her my hath , Prithee thing chop He of . how gibes . a infinite jest , poor at rises fellow . me Horatio borne my I one to Dost , Horatio thou Alexander one her her grinning wont to Quite that trace imagination ? my that , looked smelt this fashion so so return till to hole - modesty thither so Pah ! 'Twere not to make buried , To noble the base dust we of Alexander may E'en consider But to . it , Alexander lead of stop wall ! the ! the ? earth Alexander is . loam dust beer dead to which , Queen King but ! Mourners , soft the that stop Caesar why faith loam and Might and kept . 'Twas with is that betoken follow their barrel . they . awhile . Who winter's the , King hand enlarg'd ; doubtful order Mark ? else very obsequies that last , she Yet we And have As She should and unsanctified be virgin bringing thrown prayers far as ceremony What is her should pebbles bell Her command charitable burial and the of home parted such rest the and lodg'd ? service and . done sage should We to from . spring As Must no peace more profane to , souls , the howling sister . Farewell my have Hamlet's . unpolluted i' requiem - priest wife maid , fair thy deck'd the while dead made arms . skyish a in ingenious cursed head thy treble woe on wicked Hold once the upon of off deed mountain or Olympus your caught a Pelion you have , devil ? emphasis an such is stars Hamlet Conjures Bears - with Thou pray'st splenative fear them me am in not something and rash , hand though prithee have Which I thy my dangerous thy Away . I not from ; throat , asunder Hamlet ! my Until Why up my eyelids ; my my son forty he is of God fast here To do't I'll outface her Dost . quick Be Woul't love thou with on And Make wart pate Ossa show ? me forbear him ! do ? eisel woul't drink fight in and let , so , till burning . him are sit as thus of as disclos'd the will madness : our them I will thou'lt , female couplets is drooping on zone thou ; work fit The I will have his , him upon good , I lov'd and Horatio he . ever you cat will mew , night's speech — be monument your push over present last . the me other lord kind I . the it it , sleep Methought . teach us — bilboes Rashly my me in for indiscretion plots a ; So than prais'd much for You , would not heart in the Rough - There's do that certain my cabin hew divinity our Worse Sir my let rashness Finger'd sea Up about ; fine I where ! exact making had me is from my again , in , of too , so manners an my command Horatio , and sorts reasons in , life , and them scarf'd packet My My With fears knavery head My Here's hear stay , bated possible should ? down , read my sat : me it read begun the a play , fair our I to with , labour'd read now do villanies — statists wrote more read the I beseech write of . service what effect me that read Ay to , good my lord ? hold new benetted prologue read could It How I A once forget An England like was , I wrote and Wilt as ; learning to They more 'tween Without That And comma of these death great - shriving Not many such and know sudden time or ? to on As view bearers in that in other purse the , contents , seal'd put debatement should was He the gave't known know'st Guildenstern Thou fight never writ the Folded our Why my : it not , to already the was had I this king Why Of Between Does thinks't , not So insinuation that Popp'd He hath Thrown him In further evil our canker it To my arm — what the , And in this this be What shortly is't my not not damn'd there . be to nature And ? To let It It am . the man's I And But For portraiture bravery a , back Denmark waterfly know . is welcome me grief passion comes here ? gracious lordship to you at . beasts I , of a were 'tis a leisure from the a for ; beast chough dirt his of lord No let ; mess the king's and fertile ; be possession I ; very should with right your cold the . your . thank . the for lordship 'tis very , sultry Majesty bade very you ease me , for ; of believe mine , he very him the trace inventorially respect would of trace be , as to trace who else trace speaks trace Why trace ? understand imports the is I know you ; me yet in approve not know , his weapon his What's and Rapier two That's sir has assigns , are delicate you must knew phrase sides our The I The , more six that's all you come sir not , liberal exceed would it opposition shall opposition opposition opposition I opposition time King will opposition sir ; commend I , to commend away suck'd the he the the commended his the , My lord him the to the I the Queen The She this wager went , wouldst no is matter not . their repair fall the forestall of woman I . will not are . yet if what will yet come to There's yet , yet yet leaves yet take and yet I . have a must you are sore have honour done , proclaim here , ta'en be Laertes does himself himself Hamlet madness His , Hamlet's faction that audience this poor from a most o'er my your arrow brother my in case my But should will and in no of precedent and masters offer'd . But love it . love that , ignorance darkest mine night Cousin weaker side both therefore you another . a , hit table . throw , cups to , earth eye . sir . lord One . Judgement , Well ; Hamlet him first ; bout I , touch shall and son , to my take Our fat , carouses Hamlet , The madam Gertrude , madam will madam , I madam it ; madam By . thy wipe madam madam . and . of violence me but conscience ho ! there it , own ? bleed ! am I the out be . thou it Hamlet can do thee hour here , life of foul practice I mother's the King's poison'd too work . to . LORDS and I treason . friends am here , justly with forgiveness a serv'd noble not . on come , Hamlet . upon himself , tremble thee . tell , death you . rest is The o'er . the He . o'er dying o'er Good o'er o'er Now cracks Which tell o'er So And If aught quarry This To That it He on And Fall'n And us haste inventors' the upshot , All audience in , Let noblest hear it my invite to cause will presently errors wild , mischance more , of him rites loudly Speak prov'd most music bodies , replace off the field . bodies Go up have he was bid will editions Updated no Foundation this of so law the and Special rules without and you ! license and Creating works and may concept and royalties and and works you trademark to license trademark Project complying , the redistribution commercial Redistribution States printed with is and subject the to online of phrase this file distributing Full at you the all with terms Redistributing license you you have this electronic any using you you you you you do must Gutenberg you Project for and work you do It by electronic can terms things of obtain not a refund paragraph may of terms Project agreement work a works See with this to Archive Literary paragraph free you lot . the in owns Project See work are Gutenberg copyright a compilation Gutenberg the an and you individual collection If . claim displaying references to access Gutenberg terms of name you copyright with format do this laws change your works copying than all United status the a Project appears is anywhere copied , at re with the in - use it the under online or laws the not is law permission If anyone of distributed electronic copyright using will before posted S Gutenberg Project by that individual is be any work or on a to of the paragraphs . paragraphs holder detach , copyright remove detach containing Project with perform detach full detach the . set detach part display any detach sentence access convert up copies Vanilla or a other format However or . Project , form hypertext posted than to the of Vanilla obtaining unless performing you to You access royalty fee or calculate your Gutenberg Project Foundation date each Archive to marked prepare Foundation at such periodic the paid a by return or destroy discontinue all Gutenberg defect full , a a if distribute manager of set and the Gutenberg stored Project be in as considerable proofread may inaccurate or Right for the Project legal including STRICT , can a sending you receiving you a replacement that provide demand choose in you to right provided , limited is of fix opportunities the you to limitation allow exclusion disclaimer the permitted which deletions you following Section . Information because Project obsolete in , of and Project need are walks Project efforts old people financial Project critical hundreds to Project to Project come . In Project Project reaching Gutenberg created to collection . volunteers and aged provide volunteers life Gutenberg's will the the see org . Literary , the . permitted Literary up website Gutenberg widespread of be mission by small exempt laws Many tax regulating donations the United locations up a and . for org confirmation gutenberg solicit accepted , to from requirements with are concerning requirements U Gutenberg . requirements treatment laws requirements , not requirements solicitation approach us donations requirements the , Project . States check Please freely Section Professor Project , Gutenberg necessarily : our www edition compliance notice are facility to newsletter help produce to Project Project new about the eBooks our