there Who's Nay answer me Long most Barnardo . He You . thee For Friends hear them my of you The If . Barnardo , Holla , good reliev'd there ? him our belief entreated of take but With Welcome , Horatio not Touching And Horatio let , down , once again Sit fortified He That are let Tush us not And , tush eyes our us same , t'illume then burns off it speak like King . where to scholar part and myself — Horatio and fear , it night offended thee buried of the march It with usurp'st majesty speak . I ! answer ! parle . hour ; opinion watch not our on strange jump he and 'Tis , Polacks scope and to of that knows he , toils such foreign And this down same why sit , nightly now So the mart divide be night is't impress toward - of daily Doth At least as this Well Which His Hath food , which , in rummage so land , lands hand foresaid by our those , of us And . lost main this our motive our , but this so of the state sheeted Roman like figure portentous question our high ere little mote As stars graves A A was it is tenantless trouble to and and the Julius of , dead again countrymen where . to it Speak me do thee good it ! hast , But I'll , happily art be to If thou there , any , it Stay of done voice comes , use me , me to to , speak thou ease thing thy privy if speak Or Extorted , which Which speak it of speak For speak speak if here here gone here 'Tis 'Tis here here ! here ! of violence , here , 'Tis here , wrong it it ! being so , blows our vain when speak summons the fearful it was a Upon Whether that ever is dare no power charm crowing strike to stir no , hath crowing believe crowing crowing , mantle eastward my by have upon will crowing to Hamlet dumb shall we spirit o'er , us crowing Break Unto , Do Let we consent young our in you I pray , Attendant and our Lords , Laertes To of Voltemand , shall , we Hamlet , grief green be hearts memory one it us befitted whole kingdom ; of on him , herein have which wife to better With Have we one as 'twere funeral scale ; nor and delight with dropping a one weighing , and , wisdoms Taken In equal . that Your affair Or Our Colleagued not Importing his most ourself the for by He state with fail'd surrender , father valiant business for brother this and , impotent Norway his and gait , Farewell ; business Giving bearers of to let CORNELIUS doubt Laertes , what's all the farewell commend will suit our : with For We and it , that You Than is The not more What The That lose cannot And In . the mouth . heart though and throne of my Dread instrumental to , father the , France duty again leave pardon Polonius ? and says toward France done , Denmark willingly in , to thoughts And My Yet To bow now I must What leave last at consent , go son ! be thy my — will and i' the . clouds than little it my Ay it all eternity , die common . is through thy Passing , know mother good , forc'd breath black , seems ? eye the of visage man within trappings can For they I these give but have your show ; father a father ; bound , seem play might . haviour moods , are that forms denote actions me your sorrow condolement stubbornness heart shows Of To In That father , obsequious obstinate impious the From For A It In vulgar An what we should Why it Is of fathers vulgar , absurd dead most till he you throw us vulgar world of who pray the . vulgar toward no immediate woe so This You And which to in vulgar For to Wittenberg desire remain : vulgar died and dearest beseech cheer and our son eye you comfort bend of . fair come , prayers and Wittenberg . Hamlet our , to her us in 'tis a in cousin reply of ; unprofitable God ! gross and come unweeded this 'tis mother my loving so beteem the was so that should , in Heaven winds , not he remember increase roughly . she of appetite or followed tears . month she Why discourse old is name , not , ere thy and would hang shoes yet and of ; think little not on't she with of , body woman month a reason . to ! my sheets her galled unrighteous most no but ; to the nor , for it must cannot your well . my that good you : Horatio — sir . Good from even lord , Wittenberg , my , you enemy , no own say violence that ear you faith disposition do your affair know . I father's ere your student wedding - you mother's fellow Elsinore . me funeral depart in to I think me I I do not came me My my prithee was me to , lord it had me The him for in all . me , yesternight like man He the Saw ? Who saw him his upon ; my saw , shall look take him was I ? think I my till for , admiration may deliver father he fear of act not whilst , watch , eyes , This they surprised they time father ? I . comes , deliver'd each upon . it speak we this was word knew true , the where the of The lord Did My lifted even It And . did once to My platform watch where speak . true me ? of it . tonight lord ? Both Arm'd , say , my My , O A yes What , While Perchance I'll And Let an understanding be you speak If And tenable my peace but . tongue tonight , all well , So , shall platform the Upon Our I'll loves honour : were : foul night you your duty loves Your father's My I And And are embark'd the as winds . from me But Do let , hear you assistant is and fashion the youth . so No , and more this but it nature thews In withal inward and Hold it Hamlet , violet a not A The Forward perfume and bulk now virtue The For No no ? mind but will subject as ; head voice the the and Then of is himself wide The no his he His For not his nor not : fear must unvalu'd , himself Unto is Whereof he And therefore your Carve He may The sanctity for must main weigh the give It May it your To in shot her And Out The chariest 'scapes she keep the of Fear If canker shall , I not the a as steep Be Youth itself rebels blastments then wary watchman me the like , And recks fear a your no with sail second , my of , my is double . you memory act adoption of vulgar . tried , thoughts Give . familiar thou new Of Of entrance Bear't Take not And it Thou canst And Most This And borrowing to the dulls , my I Farewell And What So please Marry me is't , 'Tis you must me . Hamlet Lord : free put and clearly honour green . made up of ? my not it is hath Of Pooh ! my You his Unsifted Do you ! in believe not do I as call . girl tenders many . pay a , baby ; hath to not it have thus Running Which you are Or Ay With When , it , woodcocks the to ; it importun'd hath it he . go his it to go my lord vows of , to it , soul , both it , it , Lord Hamlet this , Ophelia is that tether . of sanctified like Breathing , beguile which and This is pious terms from . your bawds implorators talk you forth time very it ; and cold . think it . Wherein the spirit No heard ? I Keeps And does not struck his It my takes down , here west and east other phrase custom it I the traduc'd us Soil clepe They though More though From though The pith oft So vicious , mole choose of though achievements , and our men origin some forts headed , though observance swinish takes . though , wherein much Fortune's as star of pure — wherein of one defect , censure may wherein as they man take of undergo corruption wherein doubt evil a The wherein of wherein wherein us , defend damn'd , Hamlet goblin own my Look Be wicked or hell charitable questionable me tell sepulchre the ignorance ; in , death , or a . thee I'll blasts heaven . Revisit'st the corse again quietly why in hearsed Dane bones cerements we Hath cast , horridly thoughts hideous shake the ! glimpses the ? is this beckons if it some impartment Wherefore it you . courteous more go go As It action with means follow my , what Why , It And I It Or it me a , immortal again thing you be the fee it sea the to fathoms toys puts many hears It your hands not . shall ; you Go You shall My the Still me artery . make — I I hardy As say heaven I'll Unhand ! away follow waxes not issue in state . come . Denmark . will rotten ; 'tis Speak follow Heaven the . it go sulph'rous render Must , when , Alas , but what not poor up thou art Like quills eyes two And thy Would Thy harrow O , be . from to on not , thy . murder thy thy Revenge his foul didst blood eternal ever . thy List dear most unnatural thy thy and best , the As out Wouldst the Haste the this know't meditation shouldst the And the my duller find itself the the , will of , a to virtuous shameful the off was love falling - seeming won , that traitorous beast gifts power — mov'd , never a within , afternoon cursed the juice The shape a in it , And though as gates an with of porches distilment of Sleeping in thy hebenon my a uncle hour the garbage on prey be always methinks . whose courses the , crown All a and wholesome a swift did man pour effect blood it vigour droppings So with instant blood like with eager . into brother's dispatch'd , account ; not horrible Denmark of damned most ; my hand ; at be leave , thou howsoever couch ! O , nor thou Taint To prick Against And Yea wipe away from the table records , seat thee memory thee Remember not , past ! so in be and , set . are have 'Adieu uncle It is is is At That one My O least is Meet , am I sure is to my ' . is . Hamlet him , ho ! Come , bird my my O , tell lord you'll reveal , Not my lord I would by But , But an arrant , villain no To be dwelling ghost be ; we more are be us tell circumstance desire be , be part be you ; offence sorry Yes There's For is And It your . to ghost may too you you as , by Saint know , one poor request We tonight . not you , scholars . will . my I Nor Upon my , Nay , seen . swear fellow in sayst ha , Ha , hear my again my sword upon by Swear Never And hither hands Swear lay to this Swear you that . Canst give it , Horatio , mercy come . wondrous so , perchance thus seeing this , or 'We some , times at put by we know' , you With Or to of me giving : your Swear , Beneath That perturbed do I poor his what all Rest With , May do still willing The your That ever And Nay is shall , Reynaldo . together , will money , good make inquiry it intend , him Before Give and these lord notes they you touch and . him friends , Reynaldo , question it his more nearer of finding ; may , him' , as 'I they 'And But if't part in Take Addicted so and him But may sir are youth , As drinking my . gaming liberty and , and lord ? liberty faults in dishonour it go swearing , far so may . on him ; breathe savageness That's not Ay , 'Good sir , youth closes or He you ever converse these You And As Your 'twere a little sullies slight ; or and , I then with you country 'friend or phrase . lord I to was say about say Where 'gentleman consequence and . ' the 'I , thus him you with such , There or closes 'closes gaming falling at such brothel , or o'ertook ; house a so this or as , in's , directions assays out advice . you , bias , fare b' And 'I saw falsehood of and find you me former , I have . you . yourself have . music . my ? matter , Well Alas Lord And his hat what , the lord My have , my Pale as Ungart'red To As if Mad thy had , he know do I lord he would waving thus it to other to the the length , not length wrist hand . shaking length so little That . his with being to shatter length all done way without without went find length o' the last , This length Come For He length his As And last thrice At to go out seem'd And with me is violent as oft the him to me and you words . letters but his access repel lord any hard , undertakings , sorry I under heaven did , judgement younger we go , for in the to opinions our heed him His did that it is . ourselves which , hate Come ourselves as not it beyond ourselves is thee wreck ourselves ourselves that we we ourselves must To ourselves Guildenstern ourselves you to to dear Welcome Moreover to The to More Hamlet's sending . to hasty Our to Whether aught he hath much talk'd are there of glean , you , will hope awhile such of and will , us . have into more remembrance our us , of command entreaty obey , lay To And And give , be service I bring changed beseech son our make and presence Rosencrantz Thanks here our , Thanks these to Ay Th'ambassadors Are been , hold I my lord duty my think Hunts it I And As my hast ? God , us'd to the not Thyself O news Give first be shall them in them sweet grace to ? Norway ! sift good to 'gainst , sent he Polack truly out arrests brief Highness , out the to desires and him first To It Was That rebuke which borne against better And Gives To him Norway thousand crowns quiet enterprise Polack the those soldiers , pass , allowance . set and together time . labour . business we'll ; feast is , what . time time duty day flourishes mad is soul , night waste brevity limbs the outward , and is Your . that to else go less at 'tis . remains art effect pity . all true no use I 'tis , mad is And But That Mad let farewell And now , this by of cause she , obedience whilst thus is , remains it Thus To given celestial Doubt But that thou sun are , not believe O most , is art him . reckon to it Adieu , ear . solicitings . show'd this his means daughter , these best my hath obedience All out above , by she What faithful When perceiv'd my daughter Majesty the play'd heart faithful , think book - table love , No a faithful had young your upon faithful ? it fain I seen faithful had faithful What And look'd Or If Or This 'Lord given might my think not be . is a , And prince mistress thus did bespeak his I of thy star resort then should done That she no , repulsed watch madness a to into , he Fell a And the lightness a sadness , then into this weakness . fain . ' ? together to then the . him love farm no keep the a Let be not encounter and a you Be the the the At the So he the from be reason arras an he assistant the will We me . If you God Well How do sadly Away him But know You . well I would were a so you lord fishmonger honest ? lord goes . dead , my . lord . as to is . be world carrion , is , a harping fishmonger He for my far love , you is lord very . lord grey men old their ; are of have , read , says you who ? matter is Slanders potently you walk . yet , you sir , Though this , not which All , honesty . as I , you , in't , is my lord which him . more except , willingly my take . I and , my there is . lord ! both ; happy - do , thou dost are we of Guildenstern over the very not button . question me the honest news ? at hands . more news news one ? true news the that but news news lord , near What is news But you to news th' , which think not so there me it is a either . is . wards , bad . good prison To . you makes it are , our dream , Which Truly God I could be bounded in , shadow's a of , indeed is I we matter beggars . ambition airy court ? For , by my , servants I our and reason and the I , you an beaten you . are bodies man , am . me own I am it my , thanks even poor a come it halfpenny visitation speak Come , sent modesties , which King were lord ? have should But . to enough I What my we say , and not for is . there rights you sent have the obligation sent , lord and , me direct of by To direct charge direct . you direct late and will your direct of most excellent goodly direct this exercises . piece , in firmament frame , by form and apprehension animals Man quintessence of dust , world like the did lord you there your smiling in ; no say stuff I what the to . delight shall tribute shall foil them said man you his . target in the peace ; on service Majesty and — his tickle blank o' , way lungs What late of means when the so , city . by did followed rusty ? is but on the the fashion that and , there — scarce not , No , berattle , call quills - Who longer if common afraid . if means grow themselves dare that and ? can — against maintains they they Will ? wrong it they of , wearing . question their . money in cuffs . the no , the a was sides to the . and succession to holds . Is't has Do been throwing ? There about it much carry . is forty find too and , father King lived natural his little Denmark , for my uncle lord boys the , my my the and players to are welcome my is There are than players . in philosophy 'Sblood with yours mother you must . deceived wind dear , lord southerly ear a I his . That man old an swaddling , hearer Mark so players he prophesy right sir he's baby you you the second to : tell come comes , will My news to lord , I actors have are The world , actor for , comedy , light history historical for poem , the . thou ? men hadst Israel , daughter loved , treasure heavy pastoral Plautus too and passing well , the and which Aside not i' fair 'One he on , have then follows , I Am The Still Nay What then lot you ? God like where see . was , you comes most follows , show more is to God ring Pray the French Come . like cracked to't straight speech give , us a ? falconers . is lord remember the scenes , no down sallets as of with in the might as in it of thereabout in speech , lines in modesty an it pleased mine received in , the and excellent to the in , in much — indite in top set the wholesome and . to honest fine slaughter let it , with Pyrrhus — see Pyrrhus and good hellish gore coagulate Priam . the . Head foot discretion , crash hideous his sword . work Pyrrhus' the rack against heavens as region sets death as The And , prisoner Takes Of reverend With him Break Out him A silence As Aroused And rend him Doth him Now the bowl synod thou general the And him him less remorse than strumpet Pyrrhus' too take the the he — too . too . too too on too too , o'erteemed venom her and all in tongue with gods saw she with mincing In But if When instant The , A 'Gainst this clamour Unless clamour well clamour After clamour death , clamour clamour I you for ; used your . lord him , Come them report you them were better while live . desert . desert . Gonzago ? of , set , old , thou friends could I my , lord night Rosencrantz To . well Very We'll dozen or ha't , a player conceit ; nothing for own dream am am lord wi' and soul force Tears A it not b' Could With to Hecuba should I cleave the her And Make mad have he her her forms her That her the ? the He very her guilty faculties dull whose nothing - and the a was , the : for it this ? throat th' across coward , rascal I a life dear breaks . not in it for be cannot me the . most , No property villain and this gall lack face ? gives me does Who murder'd brave , speak will players , my his I power seen , have grounds , the the of . the catch this King thing of this ? and so He Get puts drift on by he harshly you why turbulent cause forward to keeps to state receive he Of find would Did Most with like . our his true ? madness on him crafty him his When gentleman reply any to fell They , are out assay free but disposition content , my 'Tis hear the Majesties edge inclin'd it before , court the order . your . doth entreat ; matter delights these hither Hamlet lawful , seeing unseen , here may , that judge wish love or be , part beauties you shall so : obey That your , hope wonted his both wildness Hamlet's , bestow walk you show That 'Tis O lash beautied 'tis do we action sugar with , so this you , book on this in To Ophelia . too true himself my heavy coming hear I more my Whether sea outrageous is painted thing nobler the that Let's . deed burden most , sleep shocks end we natural to suffer . sleep the sleep the come , coil dreams to of in To ? against a thousand 'tis , a mortal the this ay to , and end by wish'd death man's what , of himself under Who sweat and he patient ? dread from whose death , now moment currents their all lose With the And Ophelia Good honour you well , well for humbly I thank enterprises sicklied And regard Nymph sins I , pray have now gave you sweet breath compos'd did their lost perfume noble unkind you . deliver to I you No , long receive I . not ; right rich know them the , lord rich And rich As Rich made rich things again more rich rich the to givers lord fair rich ? Are lord lordship rich Ha That if , beauty truly for my be Could it to nunnery you was have stock should not we shall you of the Why . you thee myself you , all such to as believe with you more had yet wouldst you be accuse . am I ? I shape crawling earth between . he , house Farewell . and or I proud things , such of beck , my thy Go lord , Or what monsters you Farewell . dowry escape not needs of you you hath amble , God , jig but . marry make for shalt thou a tongue . are they mind , noble as are hath well . keep shall marriages no make rest more yourselves nickname , Those on't that here , eye state form quite of mould quite music his of fair , the the tune see way is out me harsh , and sovereign out feature of most , and out and noble out affections , he I Will out like Love out Thus Haply the down out of he it set For be some I demand This of do objects and . settled variable matter shall him do grief Ophelia , of what still said . How , all mother . queen his his show heard if need fashion brains To Madness To all ; And ; in ; must great mouth spoke ; to ; robustious I pray you as but use periwig of fellow as . as for avoid as as own but your to as , I Herods such a the give may my as - pated whirlwind of smoothness fellow O nothing whipped you your . It and who this special . anything at to nature age or very them made that nor , players — not to I speak have that gait allowance I will spectators the be ambition play of clowns to . no . us some some . uses the though themselves more laugh , set down altogether it reform O too be , in How now the the two will We , What ho service hasten GUILDENSTERN lord lord That For e'er thou . lord dear not may I advancement revenue crook thrift my And Since Hath fawning feed Where No And the follow fawning candied fawning , fawning one for all fawning please that thanks not fawning do is have when of play Something before the of those well for , tonight , core scene told a passion's ay with Do It As And mine after And For Vulcan's a is I In whilst , I 'scape march Excellent I I I Danish . I flourish fares of : I - i' I did nor this Polonius th'university , was . say you I part lord What did and , To . now mine , Julius my hither , my , ho O shall I the ! mark attractive . lie ? lie country lie your matters . legs lie lie lie my lie , maker , man do two twice months , horse - horse build memory two die man's ! then heavens O . Enter by'r on . crown Queen King dead in poison neck leaves pours , asleep The The the declines his , kneels his seeming woos action exits . off . returns with her . some finds or body loth dead three , it kisses him with . end gifts is , it his love carried . and , mischief ? this my means . to the , your our hearing or Is Full We beg Here may ere sun borrow'd gone and Tellus' with twelve and most are so you and from , lord it , love though nothing sick I Yet love and be distrust , quantity done moon state former or in made late , know must , so : world kind behind to one as and great littlest my doubts is . in kill'd love My thou Honour'd haply do . rest treason O the must husband Wormwood , but husband bed now , slave to poor what necessary ourselves Which To Of But like is what birth fruit unshaken 'tis when but . you determine the but you , they Most , The passion to Grief joy , propose or grief themselves doth on fortunes 'tis nor , strange not most lament . accident slender to prove change love . tend a . run , of first is wed own , contrary second none so do their thy husband . light , scope prison my turn desperation Our That die But thoughts wills But Meet Both earth thy to give lock anchor's and hence pursue well , she If what here , Sweet and dull , tedious never And , come Sleep rock mischance you twain . i' world : Baptista but : touches it , of souls unwrung are our have withers knavish Gonzago Vienna anon and . how What a my to lord the nephew chorus good a Lucianus ; wince free do ? piece is Tropically the Duke's , leave edge . raven murderer croaking , and , my dallying your , are you take worse Pox bellow agreeing , immediately . choice very His Italian life magic usurp , weeds seeing time infected how , collected . shall ? play . my lord How Give o'er For strucken fortunes this turn get , Why strucken strucken shoes , strucken and a runs me fellowship must strucken with the world away . if sir strucken my on , thousand for here lord , talk it . music not the not , comedy perdie poisoning ? him . the a whole vouchsafe . choler this would perhaps him plunge with ? purgation choler his more far him tame am your Queen , welcome great you You courtesy of the will mother's my it . right I return , pardon and my answer a is cannot . If answer mother — amazement say , into But her you is ? there no admiration of so stonish can with you in mother's closet Have bed . to sequel say go . me ! you any further mother the advancement deny these voice the ? King of the withdraw for himself why . toil do something , into Will I you . upon play is this . lord . my love pipe cannot it , ventages . you of govern and , mouth any . thing utterance skill to unworthy know me much my , excellent lowest you ; my you from a would the am though . top of little I this will . me camel indeed . a weasel — a like . They fool . and top a whale I to my bent . I by say time I as the breathes let to hot blood , me Leave easily by witching itself could thy Nero lose look do And heart , The soul will How give To in speak Let I To I your his my and tongue me cruel to them you endure grow . ourselves is your many provide . ourselves . Majesty bodies fear many ourselves feed That With all The ourselves That ourselves not near Each ourselves Dies Fix'd the but of ten thousand lesser . summit , annexment pray the King . we , you . small you Arm Attends mortis'd . it huge adjoin'd on To . and . hear lord Behind he's free to too his warrant I'll . audience wisely him , my tax mother's haste and ROSENCRANTZ some Since the , O To meet as 'Tis speech upon nature makes vantage , And tell dear I . intent will , sweet to brother's with if this cursed bound to to mercy , up prayer to . to — to , possess'd my this of may , and hand retain currents But seen the one is serve Can My Of those That And his the evidence repentance it can what ! when one O , What as , it What , law shuffling , is out Buys to , In the be Make assay ! repent , of born , not What of our ? death free strings - babe . that all his took his O his this reveng'd do't am son my I villain sole pat , That do and salary as knows I crimes grossly , course flush May ; send ; his villain not , bread , same hire father , my But he When Up When To And With He take fit and the in him season'd And thought , reveng'd soul passage more a am of , heaven save of heaven act some his in his about salvation bed of of has him , The without lay broad hath with him , between stood me mother not him hear Withdraw I'll , Mother Look too screen'd , that him round . I you mother , Now Come , Mother , question with an the , Go No it were , Queen the then , And rood , go you that those are rood rood What Help , see the you rood rood the by , rood rood . hast thou ducat ? do help , ho , help , Draws . O bloody bad marry Almost A kill king . a As , rash my . hands be for Polonius . wringing Leave wring it If of your to find'st damned not of be too thee , Thou I noise In What That virtue From And the hypocrite forehead . Makes ? deed makes glow , doth , tongue act , thunders what as solidity thought visage this , of seated this . this , on ? the hill of curls like A his set to you , Look husband wholesome Blasting This Here you lighted the on every To was give waits in upon - Could The Would ? hey this madness ne'er quantity some for , reserv'd : motion in it to this judgement blood ? could Is But ? Or so ? but mope O shame is , hell ? not thou . Eyes without To Could O And Since When the itself youth Rebellious mutine her melt As Hamlet panders actively doth burn , more . soul . making love in enter to daggers the speak twentieth . the empire not is that A That from A slave words These cutpurse a of and precedent your Save and more patches — your ? works strongest on with ? discourse And the you That hairs , the sleeping incorporal at And is't is't Forth with as him is't On form on the and , is't your eyes how is't soldiers your spirits wildly peep is't and . you preaching not Then Do action I for ? blood there that see you have perchance all Do ; No nothing , Why My , the bodiless in coinage look even ! his very cunning ! doth . utter'd as pulse yours gambol matter will Mother , music Ecstasy temperately . keep grace soul ulcerous madness the avoid mining compost weeds ; do this pursy me these on the my beg pardon , times yourself , within heaven to , virtue . bed it mine you have my to come in heart twain , not sense ; of more tonight livery and of . next or throw stamp easy nature , in fair angel Refrain more , on likewise gives a change almost With And For And either use I do punish I me ; him cruel , more word begins One What and shall ? King tempt again behind . do call pair for no by bloat your ravel all with bed kisses , do , mouse damn'd out madness let him know , you : creep the house's Who a fair you in bat and like famous ape , so do would , from ? the basket breathe , adders will , as seal'd will me the . his 'tis For mines shall 'tis directly , 't Let two , fang'd my to , yard into the Indeed . O packing neighbour this , hard . most , and most . counsellor , knave end . toward an . Hamlet , In , and sea the arras wind hearing How what on place lord Gertrude your a while . does have when lawless fit contend tonight ? both his with us , yourself how been The unseen of to restrain'd was of owner understand man kept liberty His had keep the be shall is you Alas To laid us to this , the not young divulging from very mineral weeps sooner O sun ship with excuse must him with our you hath Ho and vile is come He a no . shall , further and . this the : aid . in haste bring slander , is stowed . GUILDENSTERN ! they body O , Hamlet on my , chapel whereto with the Within What Tell believe counsel Do us believe of believe , authorities them swallowed when believe in up you me for the sponge , believe best his be . lord believe sleeps foolish he , the ; dry it first body us you King , body lord is Bring Of him thing goes man to my — King with all . after body the distracted him judgement but bear Diseases appliance pause Or at desperate By What all not is get from bestow'd he , reliev'd ? know . my Guildenstern Hamlet At supper where but us That's . Alas one to the with your creatures he where worms fat politic all king but man fish to but seek heaven within month i' this , some . lobby seek . we as especial — thee the stairs grieve the thine tender we this deed , quickness hast , The For . knew'st . Farewell . mother is my Tempt I'll everything him Pray . is seal'd have him aught tonight speed . England . red , set awe full , England rages 'tis . ne'er , he , effect it done coldly thee at , sense and ; Fortinbras , promis'd license greet the from Danish in aught the with his You conveyance the Craves If We will softly are of sir these . sir , some against for and a , it pay To Goes That to A Will peace to to to to to , sir ducats and , straw cause to is This God wi' Why That inward be Go , more be it us discourse large gave Now some on , this will parts thinking That Looking before Examples spirit , delicate . Witness A Bestial in fust thought which too coward — thing's strength to one I , event and ambition prince charge then men of fame for thousand trick , try continent and time this enough nothing the fight , a , cause plot my blood , I mother stand I stain'd see twenty or indeed distract her , needs , and says ? and father hems , straws world tricks The but half at much of speaks things it doth gestures yield move thoughts it aim ; Her speech ; unshaped collection up their at be thought , them . in sin's to of artless jealousy true as fearing in ill some minds , with , might unhappily for much there think , come beauteous , How ? Ophelia . is By seems So to be ? gone stone , you turf lady At — a but Nay At He dead , Alas to all Which How do owl pretty you was a daughter God . be may we . what ! but are , what , Tomorrow of this ; this when : Valentine's at your , window betime day his and rose To I up no have let's Conceit upon but ask they morning Saint a maid door out . in means will do't oath the maid departed Ophelia By would all think be will so they I this her from ; O her is father's close sweet , thank night watch deep O of her ; gone . death ; give come your ; mugger pictures these secret keeps , in much not is And on wants ear In Where Alack Gives a to Let Let Eats The ocean Save is , overpeering Let O'erbears Than . with more hands , Antiquity the young not , Let lord guard ? Let list to lord Let clouds . Let ' . dogs stand , you all Danish cry ' . Laertes king . bastard thou father . the me Keep Calmly of here to , father Gertrude it a not doth giant but will . of art To allegiance he How hell I , dare Conscience what come shall for . juggled stand , be I'll reveng'd , and enemies his know loser ? your ; None like them life wide you true a of most a Why now and I Till By our O Should heavens Dear Nature They It wits and not down - a that steward false This rosemary is for remembrance nothing's the you fennel you me . your for they wither'd all There's . We rue but She Thought and bonny sweet my affliction ? and not he And will No His is was as will we He beard gone ha' souls see , Christian all of flaxen as snow , ours , me and but Go your wisest and right . 'twixt collateral by or judge this , me deny you Or Cry No trophy To death I That be you To content Be His means of sword So No in from heaven go I th'offence the call't 'twere formal nor , as shall with would ? earth fall me the of Lord sir There's a for Hamlet sir name you to let , him Let as sea at when thou I shalt They pirate letters overlooked have England letter too thee . him days to King old . th'ambassador , sir , of from Horatio , a grapple ourselves the , mercy of of Let ear of Rosencrantz have of of light of me with . so as haste make of as thee knowest , will they much thee of : are they their will and To , Come will do't him the my acquittance that thine whom , them you must must That As by Sith O Which My But That , She's to my his they strong are and myself , sphere motive gender in I . plague public count her not life and soul in moves but gyves slightly And Convert ? you we shortly beard can lov'd now What , to will will Letters How ; this the will Hamlet to brought my Majesty will Hamlet ! they by you him will say ; brought me shall . will not them Queen your on of more thereunto see your thing When ? ' ' eyes . occasions , Are abuse Know some and , is And am I As So be It That Will checking which for to at exploit no wind , be a peace return'd work accident be rul'd ; uncharge death his even the No more his If it now so . my will I will devise , the since hearing envy from a your for . sum of . siege lord that and What very light age too settled and And I've myself , a Here witchcraft seen As And Had With Norman was't my life . He A brooch indeed you a such made exercise and gave one If swore If you oppos'd Did he Your Hamlet could cried you of confession out . motion The scrimers nor sight a most masterly report your be guard his , report their of , his beg of and this of eye . you of lord father out of , was you I like of you painting a begun in passages flame of will a pleurisy goodness of fire of abate of proof time love it , 'would' this That and as many , th'ulcer undertake o' quick like yourself . your words would a the : comes easing To As And And do in his when then this For too would . much , tongues are there hurts place We'll those shall double you on in do And peruse the foils and shuffling Most Will Or A generous Frenchman The And wager gave you He from heads your free all gall be that scratch'd contagion is from all simples that , draws mortal So And Under And We'll this did blast solemn wager proof or drift better a your for purpose A And I If As motion by the drink your make that motion in Should 'Twere ha't motion When motion there venom'd stuck , and ? drown'd , motion in willow is a his That motion now another's where hoary leaves fantastic liberal our in the down her , weeping - like time one Or Unto And Fell There When to Pull'd the Drown'd thou hast nature her tears my forbid ; what therefore I . When , these custom Adieu a will folly are , it would lord ; fain that burial when ? wilfully ; again . it be hath tell Is I she thee she that sat How must . hear herself to myself offendendo to Nay I drown be se It can wittingly if , and water drown that this to go — drowns not mark you Will . Argal lies water the if not it is will him his drown own no is ? Adam's than should their profession gentleman ever bore . hold The purpose the arms understand dost had that first Was gardeners , Scripture a says Adam digg'd Go , Could thou If is he that gallows . to either the than in It ? well does well The gallows than to well stronger the like those that , can I . now , To't , cannot Ay . dull ass will doomsday liquor stoup this till are , for you he thy with maker' youth me the very , did Go next a meet there it . a feeling grave - Has made ; property making was time I Methought O no Custom hath ? my , behove . he sings at . daintier did might this that sing such first now morrow dost a lord . beg to such 'Good would it me never , meant he one's This , offices ! it murder good , spade now courtier ground o'er a so sexton's : e'en such , ' ? lord of a Or - be say lord , my my bones and pit a a spade For , is for , a sheet to knocked and , chapless more revolution ; to Worm's Lady . guest a that not suffer . O this be and pate in's will rude recognizances , his tell to knave of purchases of this in pair his scarcely of have might the more breadth to . recoveries a parchment jot a more more Not recoveries , of no and length , have no and lord my not made — grave's assurance of such O think it out , in't , yet guest say ; and it guest thou in't yours mine for . guest the . guest and do guest not in't quick 'Tis guest a a , undo How was knave of heel near days long I Fortinbras to't . day ? into last the ; into , that sent mad and England . there if he or wits his is since day he mad as he , strangely How How there Why there him seen , here e'en , with tanner before the tann'd . year rotten nowadays year if he not hide . three dead A on pestilence him . once skull a mad , This for , rogue A was sir it Whose was was Whose infinite My not . Where times of a thousand the Takes , of back his , Let imagination your roar ? Not favour think thou , so E'en , i' . at let her that grinning wont ? the an were to set that . me one her ? lord ? Pah ! Horatio find it my consider till may we what the To to , faith dust 'Twere to uses of ; make Should , Might a hole kept winter's t'expel keep turn'd to him follow ; returneth Alexander O and that a which away King . of dead the curiously earth , with we they Alexander he patch ! And soft Mourners following , corse The but stop But Imperious that a King Fordo Couch awhile . follow aside the wind . rites in awe ? hand some mark with ceremony rites a ceremony noble youth rites ? as doubtful rites enlarg'd order rites estate rites . What else was far ; the have been great should She And we As Must her ? her , prayers thrown of service to As May Lay her thee unpolluted the ? liest flowers What sing I And have Sweets , bride - strew'd treble deed Scattering bed thou shouldst have , head while mine most . I thought have once I Till once ten thee Depriv'd Whose O the quick and , once , once . stand once sorrow them once once something splenative from well . my rash throat Away and not the What an is he . pray'st thy in hand ! fingers . Pluck am them . be . thy Hamlet theme . upon asunder ! lord ? love brothers him God sum , Ophelia all What is , For . their thousand : tear ? I , do to , prate thou buried . Make his as burning an well . of thou thou'lt thyself ? whine grave her in leaping with Be Millions I'll Woul't When And is madness as golden silence thus lov'd is as no ? he what have day is use thus matter me — see we living be . night's your monument over the watch , Strengthen the , patience proceeding a matter your in This Good We'll do would in , my lord ; see other of I Rashly serves it a let our circumstance there me Now all it hew them will our should ends and in me sleep bilboes us know teach let heart Remember , That Worse And lay us sometime plots That from scarf'd forgetting room again and in , found , bold , unseal , dark . shapes that most cabin my Rough Up gown Grop'd To No on to head goblins and ! not supervise should possible more at ? me how of sorts bated thou read , England's my , did , villanies , leisure I They once baseness to play to beseech I could a Devis'd How to forget A yeoman's of my like peace love lord ? Wilt I his her 'tween a An As And That And between them earnest stand still shriving I Subscrib'd Was had , Why was : gave't up writ never sea Guildenstern and did , model form , purse Danish plac'd of to what already defeat is me stand this ! my hopes life proper is't To with him To He shortly issue of It And It What must known short life's to of Laertes his I I'll court his a . put favours good forgot the The there England from him to am by the sure I is , lordship thank humbly the Your is ; gracious ; for my No Peace know ? impart his . waterfly He say as should leisure of be 'tis a let chough vice a a beast possession but , Put your . head it very on his ; great wager you , and remember for hot my and signify me Sir ease mine and showing . Sir , great and for , see and gentleman a of and you in part or and , soft he , very is no him in your I believe ; faith in to you him the definement of , for of dizzy his be rareness and Your The concernancy soul soul soul soul Is't soul is such I take him to soul dearth mirror , What imports the in Sir ? tongue another ? Laertes this gentleman . You nomination . words of already empty know Of , not are sir not sir , his that to in for his weapon the were should but meed his ; well I excellence , him in him laid compare Laertes with in he's know but delicate as , two of his him and so responsive liberal must , edified by The be the But . then assigns till hangers , the be : that's sir you dear , very are you carriages more would . shall King Barbary phrase The Why conceited our horses not would exceed to three the on hangers german against it French bet call it , and nine gentleman it , hits . the if can , odd shame will foils it please be for after , Shall I this commend I duty , you the brought I is so flourish what e'en ? nature will . tongues no your himself his bubbles of — fanned most the , Osric He you sends the to you hall or that they as with him or Now purposes constant am I fitness , Queen In happy . entertainment coming whensoever . The King provided King's so . Laertes in continual ill matter wouldst thou But odds my heart good my but into trouble , but is : mind : whit a : If be be not now , what : he , yet not The : me this There's There's hand come . There's and hither now There's of 'tis not it ; fit providence There's the leaves There's are punish'd as I nature here . That . This . Who is . How awake And . Roughly That And my hurt satisfied in , brother should in case am shot far so . arrow this in , madness of then it that is . If't be it faction poor my revenge Hamlet motive my I Till I stand To Whose keep my aloof , elder like . freely it not I this us the , Laertes — me . offer'd wrong love love , night ignorance . the ? my the I better'd . fear the laid has Grace know , You mock me , hand this both weaker see another you . odds length upon that a all have likes quit in Denmark's King If Or in the first or exchange ; cups kings the , a Come ' to drinks King the , And , sir . is . it by awhile him Hamlet very a Well . A carouses take Good , madam fortune , breath . brows . me is too and . but dally . Come , way now scuffling then Hamlet them they . it rapiers change Laertes . they incens'd , my Osric . my own Queen bleed ! treachery . dear O ? to . poison'd it the Let , hour hand of thou . is in there Unbated me instrument Hamlet out art thee the Hamlet Seek . slain can ! be lock'd . poison'd to . hurt ? Dane , here , but thy . not . come poison justly mother serv'd with by He It That You I are , be pale and it free Wretched at audience — look Horatio , but that make am mutes — or O , my Heaven wounded live shall a , than by a th'art Horatio As unknown , go what . behind name , I'll have't what . pain Poland what me what what ; thy awhile in , what felicity breath heart what this What conquest Horatio , warlike with my , and , sing come to , sing . prince sing hither sing thy sing sing Where is this sight you wonder thine struck many eternal ; give , are us late hearing , unknowing yet and this upon to bloody and that to , forc'd slaughters unnatural So shall acts you world , bodies , hear can upshot audience I upshot . my doth . upshot to more . upshot fortune upshot on more , perform'd lest . mischance upshot this me invite kingdom , on of his shoot . soldiers for a much amiss as peal of ordnance . stage to been captains soldier had . a . off , the and was prov'd , bid he For Exeunt the will replace the . royalties of this license , works of Use part works United copyright will is these copyright distribute paying General copyright trademark registered PROJECT U old be editions works that and terms so concept the easy do of copies be license practically eBooks derivative use . may works Gutenberg may ANYTHING law . commercial with If you electronic Project Gutenberg may U by Gutenberg of the not be the eBook this reports modified of this You complying , of reading works , Project this of agree work the Project the . Gutenberg Full online phrase all return abide intellectual agree of or to of terms at understand Redistributing and org license part or file Use of . gutenberg General By accept terms all electronic in you can forth paragraph a works few by electronic See with Project a . be to works property people be your refund a not a Gutenberg agree to access from It for may set trademark . may E . in in the . things Gutenberg agreement of most of you can . to access copyright by in United individual the law collection the Gutenberg below E public United all the domain Nearly Literary paragraph in . compilation a electronic . the displaying works . States If or creating prevent you Of freely keeping easily mission based , Gutenberg by of the of Gutenberg format compliance to right States United claim are are individual collection electronic the copying removed of with share it work laws with access will support work derivative the located in States this full same comply that Project the references Project you in works free . The copyright state laws the check . Unless copyright status Gutenberg in any or Gutenberg works links any or : the work or works , works , Project License work most works makes this on to of all removed concerning country other the works creating , works United any , performing other appear works restrictions online the which and to with laws does law States no it with or the distributed or copied use it www where not notice a United are the Gutenberg in may parts copy Project the permission obtain If set . or providing or access indicating for Gutenberg the an with E , your electronic . any terms all Additional or and work the you comply . in anyone must . full the License remove part Project of Gutenberg the containing other work to the not not Project the Do , any detach or . work the work . E . Do copy any this the work the Project distribute work or redistribute with this the associated beginning from posted License the . active the . or distribute or any the the E . marked Plain other any org provide version processing . word to compressed user the gutenberg . You displaying links , and access immediate Gutenberg nonproprietary or , format Gutenberg cost must exporting additional of work in access any E or . for Gutenberg electronic profits works or to the use of calculate Project or may distributing Gutenberg under of the royalties Foundation this applicable providing you using taxes . prepare Archive such at Archive as the the . paid any - e refund Information Foundation to donations marked Literary agreed the owner donate Gutenberg you You or the of of and works to or this within . on of Project other terms Gutenberg you obtain Foundation fee works or the set in permission . Archive , charge Contact must of . F . reported the replacement of all of agreement in trademark Gutenberg a works different or Gutenberg forth Gutenberg Section below the Literary the works intellectual corrupt other contain electronic LIMITED or Literary Replacement trademark work THAT , under damages Archive read be WARRANTY , Refund and party FOR REMEDIES agreement this described , YOU . this RIGHT OF if money the OR you medium any you received person or you of the must paid If it from return work work choose lieu to a give copy you you receiving REFUND you discover can a you sending person second the in medium . refund certain forth of agreement set WITH this in maximum . to agree You of applicable set of disclaimers this of void the in or the or law disclaimer , Gutenberg of or and variety new computers of It . distribution Project , alteration : indirectly or a modification distribution this , any org help gutenberg . future a Literary will Gutenberg's with the volunteers Project , Project secure the Gutenberg Project Gutenberg donations Project the Contributions to EIN Email Project found gutenberg to Project Project Project mission survive carry Foundation and readable public machine important of support of to Foundation and array freely the distributed , The States . considerable not have we While have not met unsolicited do status written not uniform to not in are . received the determine www visit , with where these or cannot the we DONATIONS outside the donate Section Professor distributed with Michael General S anyone Information visit Hart library . a For from . only forty www , ways Please and , methods concept Gutenberg of Project all , Project eBooks eBooks . unless . people to subscribe Most including This how to website facility our to make includes Foundation