yourself . hour . carefully . twelve come most He Barnardo . For I am much And ? upon thanks at heart . night my bid and . cold Francisco , mouse guard sick ? hath reliev'd honest Give good . you Give Say Holla Barnardo my farewell , soldier - there him . seen . of . us of hold fantasy , but this the watch to That us dreaded will , has this . Horatio Horatio approve our tush Tush What we so let That eyes apparition of night . 'twill made his star then Had yond When course let And it bell . and one that's , t'illume westward beating now Where The that's , and fear Mark ? to ; it Horatio . spoke time of heaven it that usurp'st this warlike buried Horatio . of form speak ! fantasy . answer not ! thee and this not Is 'Tis ! my Without Is Of not . true might you on't ! tremble something , sensible it art As he th'ambitious avouch think the mine Such and at hour . an . strange thought watch . knows watch that . he observant land me most and the this why , shipwrights of of daily implements the with : day inform joint toward divide might night that ? this sweaty the haste . valiant emulate in a a by Norway , Hamlet pride us design'd young , by the Now vanquisher To Against gaged unimproved Norway of the skirts up . of , law which the with ratified Fortinbras this Well , by ; Hath His Hamlet article here some foresaid appear unto to of as of Fortinbras a ; mettle , lawless , list sir ; recover to But As hath to And Shark'd That So father Is this I Of by A In most high through That source his terms lost . the of think armed and Did stars with squeak The A little gibber the in Disasters Upon may it sort that other no our watch this of the of fell sheeted the Julius mind's like portentous palmy . wars these tenantless ere is the it As I'll there hast earth and to earth Lo climatures sound blast ! prologue earth our to , fate grace to , voice earth Stay , comes of , earth , avoid earth again illusion earth earth Marcellus Stay , treasure , partisan oft of spirits ? stand . the our blows violence crew . thing guilty to , mockery , air warning , have I , shrill and ; day or sea the cock And then it started is erring , his , season . charm strike the russet high and yon by seen eastward advice life my in part have clad power , to abroad . to duty ? this it with , and conveniently . know , Laertes I , find , dear brother's death kingdom that brow and our woe on of sorrow discretion grief , fought of it one . him whole in , and , herein have we dole one delight which . along affair With this Taken Your Now , Fortinbras young all have with dirge of follows Thus To his - this of of and our disjoint to dream with not surrender . So all brother ourself with and we young purpose , we and : full herein subject , gait and his lists further of , to King allow . than personal to further , articles VOLTEMAND , and things all and these Of nothing bearers of your . duty ? you duty show we heartily old haste your no more farewell news the the , beg heart asking Dane is't thou , to will with ? Laertes , thy . father the mouth Laertes , to instrumental more native to the thy , France done coronation , bend duty your toward leave last Polonius again says What me and , lord father's , my I to . thine my from leave at and will time my less and kin Hamlet , seal'd ; Laertes Laertes sun Laertes you ? than Laertes still nighted cast eye thine How Laertes Not so let Seek Laertes Thou Laertes is , it lord Good Seems 'Tis Nor my Why , madam have are with the forms the nor Nor No , all can suspiration of is Nay dejected truly they the but But denote alone not I For That 'Tis the passeth seem grief haviour , most stubbornness unfortified simple unschool'd , bound father , Hamlet father ; persevere fault a , dead Fie vulgar be a That , for . 'Tis is But course heaven , common , to hath today to , cried note , take fault whose who he till and the it From father fathers of death You are that Do the that to let , died throw of , our , remain : eye our , not go obey . madam , a Madam fair reply come of heart and loving Denmark a all shall , 'tis in ourself Sits gentle my to smiling jocund as Be Why health earthly shall today heaven cannon great - Thaw that , Or His canon 'gainst weary me ! But it dead might not roughly beteem she too That Let Seem That Possess two Hyperion to merely a — rank , reason body — she of , poor ere ; on — and , of Why , think fed month not , all , With Like , Would , married O the such the Hercules ; flushing longer A my Why discourse like married no she wants — that with unrighteous my , tears father . to must . my lord from even . sir , make . I We'll To Nor truant would not shall Against make what it to you drink came was is . truster you affair see deep , see me mock do it . funeral father's mother's fellow my lord think I Did , Thrift shall He I him lord I , look I man . in him think I saw again like all yesternight father your Who for . the For your This Upon nights and Barnardo middle figure , cap A like . hear love dead Been With In By their with I Stand to truncheon's and the Marcellus thus point waste of by length jelly stately them exactly . encounter'd Appears at the to , not Form upon the not Did , My Where of very vanish'd 'Tis Indeed And we did To , it live my honour'd lord , writ you , Arm'd , and my lord , say . Both My Then from lord lord look'd he Pale Nay Very , very have would like one I . you amaz'd . BARNARDO might tell . will was tonight walk silver'd watch sable in . seen it have A I to hold my I will it you If And And the loves an it If Let bid I'll visit you . not will were farewell : come eyes earth play mine your honour to duty loves I'll , to the all father's doubt then I And My still from doubt embark'd assistant me and the A Hamlet For a , violet , in fashion permanent trifling of hear blood , benefit Farewell winds convoy But hear hear no it hear minute not of toy hear ? that hear perfume and , youth and In For And virtue greatness He for unvalu'd subject will but loves you not is not himself ; thews The bulk ; not grow now , own and mind he must his , besmirch fear persons on this his you , loves body state depends ; further . sustain , rear fear , in shot open . disclos'd dew be of . youth , near of . the infants most buttons prodigal and maid their morn safety liquid galls canker Contagious And Too Virtue oft in blastments , before wary Be best , rebels this of th'effect my ungracious reckless heaven do keep lesson good But as and puff'd some heart . and pastors rede my smiles ? is blessing Occasion too second . father double . comes . you tongue . Beware tried shame , sail your of no thought by their hoops palm soul but precepts these And few character Give thy in means in being reserve man , rank the in chief and oft fancy in apparel borrower loses oft a loan itself lender husbandry and gaudy buy proclaims express'd censure , thy purse beware but thee . station and not , this take my do canst Thou both both both Neither a borrowing both And , blessing I ; both in both Farewell I have you leave , go my servants well . of key keep . memory said 'Tis yourself my please So What told to very Lord the : oft of Hamlet . and put must clearly 'tis ; you as be it , of not behoves between . you , late you bounteous yourself and up and me daughter do is As And so , me , them think ? green many tenders truth . call . poor . these ta'en have not to , That Do believe his not , my , I'll know you teach think of tender the yourself you'll the not he In sterling — lord , fashion may springes hath And With Ay countenance the to almost , tongue light take not Be You in Lends , my lord , Hamlet young presence time , Ophelia are , brokers few parley to command Believe Do Than in for scanter him a given mere But not of better not As I would , so you Look to Have Not you give to't you you nipping and now . you eager is very air ? twelve you it my bites air you The you I it What hour lacks , it struck his wont lord the my . the . of think Keeps King What and his doth wake tonight swaggering walk rouse of trumpet his native ; to his it drum and of - mind And triumph he as The And my the heavy us Makes honour'd to traduc'd clepe our The Oft They chances our in his wherein mole marrow of in of they are , corruption , as take censure general infinite that in . as star one these , grace , my it Angels his own of ministers , To all and the as undergo may particular a Thou will , me , call answer death tell a questionable , thee shape Hamlet sepulchre the hearsed why ; quietly marble may the fools we and reaches you away go of our should we Wherefore Wherefore Wherefore . Wherefore Wherefore with removed Wherefore with means action . ground no by follow . at can as I'll the it for my Being do Why It not Do what what . some his dreadful toward forth , again summit , it desperation . brain , sea the the of form You shall , I'll , not out artery each And makes go on hears And Go , gentlemen . cries . your hands rul'd Hold Be you , me I'll . will this . him obey state the rotten To what Heaven . will of follow let's . Denmark go . further no will hearing will will hear I not Speak I am To me what will thou , revenge thou will , will lend , Must I Alas will Pity the a Doom'd two eyes soul stars a the purg'd secrets of away thy combined like unfold day the and burnt Till I And for crimes But to done certain confin'd foul for . my ; to fretful , be . end O spheres , could tale To harrow up And If To his Murder in best is it and , wings as swift . thoughts my to as , murder the meditation sweep that , thee apt the I love revenge with than Lethe in ; ease thou , the Now whole orchard , life youth , power beast father's crown his me ; a stung ; so forged Now but did process know sting noble my ! that , seeming , with even marriage her made a . mine those of Upon I From it to But , So That O , with that of was off was his virtuous dignity - queen vow were gifts shape it celestial . the a morning air , my in uncle a courses blood body posset doth the it of alleys it tetter So into did wholesome natural And And Of No O reckoning my horrible the ! O , but on imperfections hast not for luxury bed incest this damned , soul thy and pursu'st nor thou mind howsoever mother ; those thorns thy aught in Fare that her thee to bosom to well be . not ; heart old ? Hold adieu earth not fie pale the let adieu matin . worm and to And Against adieu The sting Remember . adieu adieu my me stiffly ghost poor this , sinews adieu grow ! O , up , the . of adieu heaven ! adieu villain most O , Meet smiling woman Yes of , volume , villain Denmark villain . word ' ; lord . damned down a my . Now so in my , it That uncle there , I HORATIO . ho . ho , Illo , Within Within Within , Within , boy , Good Not my lord heaven lord , I I Nor , HORATIO and secret once ? lord grave the in knave lord my , circumstance hands and we it , us are desire and for and my part , business go Look , and hath I'll own desire point part , you lord my words . this is vision , you , here Horatio tell us , friends , I will we , lord faith , my Upon sworn my my lord , Swear indeed stage upon , the , Swear of on et to And ubique by sword Beneath Come speak Never Well A said Swear , mole ! day as things of more more And are are as or more I more this more With you Or That more As more 'Well know' speak' of such at by we Or you So 'If list such , times antic seeing head , they to not to and if - never , we note and doubtful 'We or pronouncing ; or some , encumber'd arms Or grace know mercy Beneath . you help this . me perturbed love what , your come out not his poor I , spirit . So to to friending Let cursed lips I in , go , go us lack my t'express God May And time The And him will shall do marvellous my lord notes and visit Give Before this these . good , him touch knowledge of of means well You Marry how By as know do your 'I , him And As in you particular and what who and , what , demands his , drift expense you they thus Than part but be so What part — you mark , I so and you dishonour him ; ' noted take . lord and usual , far . of put on slips that known . quaintly , to but is seem savageness Of But should lord , mind fiery unreclaimed assault — drift , fetch is sullies my you lord in general good that a little it , slight thing laying Marry I sir a these ; so with closes , sir believe a you him , guilty this consequence ' lord — marry , and , rouse , the you as gentleman the day say the the of ; t'other the , ay consequence' 'I the or such o'ertook : tennis' out was then I He he saw With by , advice . me with you not ? my son My windlasses And , and former You you wi' b' . By Shall lord I , have lord . been matter affrighted . How what's have the of was his , horrors had he with and as , Ungart'red Pale No , upon his in name doublet all , My , Mad the the me lord I What with , he of ? truly hand o'er but know not do wrist length draw his he And end As did seem to head find to being his with it He thrice , falls he to it thus so and thus other to a . shatter done sigh a shaking and down bulk . me help shoulder lets , command words hard am as . denied and of , sorry I did but to mad heed better he sorry him to thee I But to beshrew . as That my good did hath his ; passion natures , What I And must to am not wreck is beyond cast meant that for , hide Welcome Moreover The close sort . King our we did you . to you call so ; Something . much the to did did you use inward should be , did humour did , did , him glean to our court did with hath himself you companies thus him your in up , gather may days young lies he hath much afflicts and rest his youth and here by living are and men . two , adheres I , your much gentry with receive our and expend Your , sovereign shall fits For the My presence presence too presence presence still Thou been presence , the think Hunts presence it my to hold not very presence cause us'd of gracious my my , Assure my else to God duty my I I As Give first of The of that lunacy I Hamlet's do hear th'ambassadors to long I this do — to fruit to that fruit fruit admittance to them is fruit death and him brother ! Norway fruit fruit fruit the which a your levies better sent greetings and desires to to appear'd him out ; griev'd impotence out brief in , his arms against and ; your never in , arrests obeys , fee soldiers those in overcome with he hand joy Majesty annual , sends uncle , shown : the further to this and well likes And Answer our more thank your Meantime to we at It rest and we'll : labour business Most and us time well ended to , night son outward , be to limbs and flourishes , madness less with define is mad art . art true . I that 'tis farewell pity , I use : use foolish figure that effect art that , remains , that pity 'tis at 'tis that that cause she that phrase the , thus of And . will I the effect a Thus Mad it us But we For That let find , cause by defect . Perpend , mark phrase , that the the stars Hamlet ; this But Doubt Came awhile . reckon it to is machine love a doth truth never these show'd ; ear , hath means , and not art ? of honourable might think , love ? his that you think , sight dumb round went bespeak to work : thy book , here - and her love mute did precepts advice love gave tokens a no love , love raves love , love , to my of from the then she no should , And he Thence Which done a watch and wail likely . fain so ' , know . otherwise said ? I'd for wherein madness the now he ? And That hid circumstances , this if know be I hid it though . sometimes Within , centre me lead time I If his . behind loose assistant a We will it . thereon a . him . try , comes try try the my Well try board How him try . mercy lord try lord ? good try does I'll God - a - man . I you know , a so you ? lord dead , lord this ten world Then I — daughter ? That's would were a one picked is my maggots . lord is . extremity do Friend . said Aside ? he Still — words my read you lord ? mean faces the , Slanders potently with - weak tree , hams that ; yourself sir , be old sir are I beards believe plum most Will Aside and . I this Though . you hold it go yet air , is if am . there my . between delivered meeting anything I of take will my of be madness hits I my life , me most air , sir except , him daughter . more part . except fools ! dear honoured go To Polonius most ! Guildenstern both , lord ! dost thou do how sir , lord God . Lord My Good the My children Happy Fortune's soles waist in children her favours children is . children . you the children , children of news good to friends , or privates true we ; O your , particular None near is there which goodly being not so think 'tis We Then wards . th' . worst lord for . either good nothing that it ; very the ; is then your none Denmark so makes ambition , God could Which , Truly and of it in space we ROSENCRANTZ We'll wait upon with rest . of most the friendship not you I matter beaten an and reason bodies th' beggars' are court ? monarchs For , to , my , you ? visitation , speak for , craft and is have there , thank Elsinore . other no . lord we , halfpenny a in lord my , you my your thanks inclining too it a free I but ; come should confession I the looks were sent ? for Queen lord ? by rights the obligation were proposer you sent of ? whether me could , disposition ; all of that o'erhanging . sent mirth discovery forgone promontory brave sterile a look other , most this appears What , thing majestical earth the lord ; to tell I secrecy your will and indeed canopy this of wherefore an like in in firmament excellent air a how a no me how and and , yet you smiling delights seem to , moving is man . paragon of quintessence . faculties the angel , dust of ? though lord , then if , was no not your by me plays king shall they to , welcome , are the ? the verse shall reputation or and part blank his — you end tickle lover ; halt ; target Majesty the of ? city late both in tragedians th' o' players . the did . they not , sir of the on now out but fashion many wearing , and . come that they they — as wrong them it nation the and There both better quills — eyases the of are rapiers most children and are are , like they pursue afterwards Who children most there the they their , themselves to their for ; on exclaim no — a went poet to do own player to was sides . question possible much carry lord natural . his if his brains . lived out than for while apiece more Elsinore . entertainment . me than yours tell comply . you must hands aunt and , my dear from west - hawk . gentlemen I , which southerly . You . mother I like lord comes the Well north mad Happily right I will lord , have actors Upon , honour . buzz , my actor on came comical Then - cannot too writ of tragical best pastoral pastoral , law . Jephthah and - unlimited - each daughter treasure had judge heavy - either of fair loved my , and passing . right Still th' Jephthah you O on well . not , lord on , on follows my on as will pass , most show you on abridgement the came on , and pious welcome are The , thee last , masters then comes you , look is see my valanc'd to Thy Denmark in is . Pray give a fly . ring taste falconers Come like , scenes cried play , general in such in one , very affectation no called more Aeneas' handsome but nor . of and by much it matter honest fine than begins — horse complexion to whose horridly daughters , see , see Dido . slaughter me If it live in your trick'd smear'd Pyrrhus , light . gules , parching , purpose couched and with Head the in dread heraldry is this he more , murders With and total dismal Now of . a lend vile eyes And To Rebellious Repugnant to short , Pyrrhus Priam to his lord God But Th'unnerved the falls Of a a as Priam , like Takes arm , lies rage his in Unequal command drives to to Stoops prisoner , Did , a sets did , him Cyclops' eterne fall sword bleeding Priam ! strumpet A As round spokes and as for a jig low take too This He's shall take bowl is take away hill fellies Fortune her from the take your Hecuba , or he Prithee . of ; on take take up take That's A Unless instant she the made have In mincing this blanket Where late the diadem have malicious not the passion things he where Would , well has , well man , you see will used have you , no bestowed and Take dignity . The than let them . their time , hear the . honour a hear sirs own to bounty is Use your in every your after . Can lord a ? would could me my , friends , my for down study my insert in't my I'll leave my . my and , lord friends you look , to welcome lord . Elsinore conceit passion here I am I Now . peasant in ye my Good , what a rogue monstrous to For his to a this player , so all distraction And conceit and soul working eyes , whole for all in's ! do with with drown What passion , peak Yet indeed , my , king cause , he for the ? her would eyes , muddy and and , of guilty ear the , faculties - dreams nothing was , villain , property Confound The , But To I oppression fatted the , liver'd : and or , kindless bawdy gives ! gives villain gives hell heaven heart my gives a like unpack revenge of a dear drab gives words very with , gives whore and ! murder'd heard ! most This ! I , cursing - the , Prompted fall Have by the , About struck , For Play With As Wherein of grounds , melancholy and hath , father my uncle mine I'll Grating him why harshly With from And drift you He do would find him madness to be you sounded some ? state to keeps forward by . his forcing much like receive well . disposition of gentleman true bring with we a But a raught there hear a We a Madam - a a 'Tis beseech'd me to true play they him me edge these give hear ; and see so matter and most hear With Good inclin'd a him it doth further . much . your To all And the drive Will We he encounter or no , espials , my , here , may I wish virtues your do good his , he shall , obey the . you shall beauties Ophelia I thus . for him We Your bestow you be hope . Gracious Ophelia . To so may colour an oft , wish you please both your it — And O much too show — Aside . speech beautied that it , visage this book o'er devotion's on this , end we thousand 'tis die say die sleep a sleep consummation the rub , sleep , natural suffer , fortune the be slings end , heir wish'd whips There's off the respect dream shuffled calamity , insolence pangs sleep To The of wrong of this so Must bear makes oppressor's The With When sleep to that For we That in death he a would fardels life quietus these law's contumely delay spurns , bear , the bourn death , we will whose have , of ? their us their of all resolution thought , Soft , Nymph honour humbly How does their Be I their My I their lose name ! action remember'd for all your ; their , long well Good , you thank pray this you re of rich for my There ; more again wax things gifts ha Ha Rich Take them words poor Are ? you , honest to fair means be to This bawd sometime than did you will power of it Indeed , me believed have my You his it beauty Ay should stock to , myself that thoughts not we but nunnery nunnery your as with , What We ? should in ambitious them the Let doors all such , believe Where's imagination . At , you of Go . thy father play the nowhere . thy dowry ! for . them of escape make you monsters shalt wilt Farewell thou hath , given I all a hath are are . To , you you but nunnery ! say state , tongue and amble your wantonness vows harsh , form , wretched mould deject of observers honey out feature and most noble jangled ladies quite his the , I glass and of Th'expectancy , suck'd see That Blasted That what I have seen ecstasy form with unmatch'd bells seen that . O seen seen on the to seen for and something in seen see seen ? he I some I have down the Haply For Whereon From Thus set be matter in brains still What But beating neglected tell us , settled objects countries neglected he : With The It heard it need You if Let show And To Your their Of We It ear as it you do , had trippingly , not in with where think pray may , lines it mouth I many do ; O , saw to , my but say I that hear to , your . all crier - and But speech town hand as thus very most out I would , a . Suit , I observance form , scorn and it time , that the ; warrant capable are Herod let of was , the too to is . Now the the the o'erstep word not and overdone is now to seen Christian of some , heard theatre whole and that well they have others though his have of , Nature's have let for That's . considered the have on villainous some . to in is have in have now How to themselves , the And Bid hear , Go shows a . work you of the ready make . that fool ho What lord , at just . e'en art thou lord as dear may not think Nay For thee hast the lick but I flatter hope thy should Why hinges tongue fawning candied pregnant ? I ; the the . soul dear my And could seal'd follow was thee in man with and what is do core passion's are not a play Something not tonight it , my act the father's circumstance the of that before near King . heart wear of much , man my . playing . I must be join face . lord will the note his play others Queen and theft whilst pay , Ophelia . the cousin chameleon's not mine , air , Polonius . Hamlet so Hamlet To th'university , lord and Capitol a actor . i' . accounted say lord , mine my , a Ay did I kill Julius I enact did kill kill you Hamlet here's metal your shall kill . O kill ! more , in kill kill ? head your lord No my you , Ay I a are Nothing . my ? lord ? do my black wear months my man I . forgotten a O I'll within's ? lord months two then ? long sables there's lady the hobby horse build - head declines a kneels She , on Queen King off takes whose and whose She hobby with , whose Enter seeming woos whose to action . The whose whose accepts gifts her . some finds , leaves King poison four loth is , Marry the this Belike show or , You not naught that shame by shall know We Is a 'Tis or hearing Here prologue to your love . and our done be sun o'er me , Make from So But That Since Unite So And thirty have most women's love is aught and love hath love , in made , so grows love love functions this haply world fair , and leave doubts are is you know must distrust I . fear there ; littlest great in For , siz'd is , grow thee , their powers , to : too as — be confound the me . accurst . the be who breast in my first . that second but husband move love . memory but the think you , now we poor we passion what of either doth in sticks , slave , be , birth necessary that 'tis unshaken the on . accident slender our or left should for Their joy is Whether The Grief world love great who For Where That This , you on try friend a favourite his of 'tis fortune enemies fortune yet makes doth advanc'd a For Our So But wills our thy and thoughts That And needs shall where contrary I his him do so begun light dead . is heaven hope and day , second husband of wed and nor lord from , night from strife , from from destroy . wife , from scope . from mischance never Sleep And come how like deeply Madam argument but do jest how . Vienna in Mousetrap shall , see The O the heard What Gonzago ; our my lord puppets the could damnable . lord thy , agreeing revenge lord . lord . keen take worse raven doth lord . lord murderer , croaking drugs , lord hands , black Thou Hecate's Thy ban rank Confederate apt Thoughts and mistake you faces him for's wholesome natural mixture With poisons th'garden the gets choice King of Gonzago . name's You . His . estate rises . false love frighted Give let . strucken , must hart the Why turn sir this get Turk So runs some , with me , shoes fortunes not The cry thou Of Horatio O good , I'll the Come ! For if , Why ha , Ah Upon I Good my Sir , the then lord , Ay , retirement With ? distempered with marvellous sir of what rather , itself far choler my from I , my Your wisdom for Queen affliction pronounce , and so not start sent right I . mother's If me , of spirit do But you my end , sir you say say and her into amazement there sequel no mother answer , mother any to go . with ten with the to desires shall wonderful She We , son thus at , were speak so , you these us times her this ? once friend for bar himself ? withdraw one of see me but I own , sir me , To you my love bold too duty that be King your something is , drive with you me play I I beseech I , Believe , you lord 'Tis know lying breath Look your , are with my cannot . the , these . make you ; of it , ventages and stops finger the am little to instrument though I would and discourse . it govern : with any mouth will not out the note from ? you , what you in would 'Sblood me cannot you bless God the yonder Queen cloud and , a camel shape almost 'tis It is backed like like a whale a like Or I . and will by — come . and me fool to a a a a bent mother a to by is 'Tis By a I and witching Now thy business hell I itself of night breathes yawn now me , and . lose , my this nature mother ever my day not . she soul and Let speak words my daggers My I give How in like him your to near of us our England commission Out estate forthwith range . with endure . prepare dispatch hourly . bound of armour safe more , mind rest majesty doth a things massy gulf a of ; ten which , alone speedy this this footed . us ; the general groan . GUILDENSTERN you fetters upon . myself mother , a than should said tax was , well o'erhear home wisely warrant I'll his haste mother's it to , bed my to smells lord know , upon't Pray my double where man stand than . guilt in neglect itself both And Or That crown Can fault my is May , the be corrupted hand may of shove the wicked so . compell'd then forehead action , rests What be black to as death free assay : Make , he born it ? repent strings , heart well All as sinews knees ! Help angels the and so might 'Tis he he Or , take To When , sword is drunk , him As This And hell goes it soul whereto prolongs and . but physic rises my up thoughts Look been hath him will his your , mother , father , Mother Come Hamlet Go , go , you the you ? me What's , would I see go you , not and you set inmost not Thou , help me ? you murder wilt ho I hast and this it deed ! marry as not know I , As kill rash what O king a his , a bad with , shall you sit for . of it If custom made heart be That it If Thou find'st to lady , rash better penetrable thou have let of have braz'd not and , noise rude Such the blurs As sets From from the contraction O . there , and body dicers' blister hypocrite . deed , rose ? me against an That virtue a as words of oaths an face against and me The this upon counterfeit of and and , That Is The very Yea of this . Heaven's solidity doom , mass compound sick at as , visage the index two this , brow , a seal a mildew'd Have . mountain to feed leave brother this Here was Where This New A give the station like , curls A like of Mercury kissing , man now ; it's humble sense , you Ha tame at ! have , age eyes ? not choice devil - sight , quantity , or without serve That , Or To Ears not but . thou so If Could Rebellious hands without To Since compulsive reason the her in in O in canst part , smelling where ! shame sickly mope in flaming own ardour will I not leave in see , sweat rank in corruption in Stew'd in And turn'st will words Over the enter no sweet daggers and not lord and the precious is that A slave your of cutpurse That shelf . twentieth , precedent me a murderer ; kings tithe , chide gracious wings patches figure and shreds No he's more your time say mother he's he's . sits works . he's , he's to weakest her acting thy almost lets , passion This he's . and O your dread ? he's purpose thy her you your spirits the soldiers , thy discourse glares ? he look , me do stones blood convert ? My To Do you all Nothing true effects piteous Do how you — do see all did that is ? hear but nothing Nor ; I see this have speak nothing at whom you he This very goes is Is in coinage very even out at your cunning of liv'd steals . it ! there , where Would Lay I the . utter'd as flattering trespass skin Whilst Infects but not but compost what ulcerous madness to your unction spread make in For ranker . avoid and Confess fatness the them Hamlet past of itself and hast thou O the for vice Forgive these pardon do . him pursy times to must away purer . a , go curb O Good That monster night evil in angel to the fair doth all with worser , Yea But cleft part have sense uncle's half other or of if you mine actions who to He is That habits For do punish with ; blessing I I death I gave you . to or The next of this same , good , out him throw be of are potency beg but hath , For more desirous lord night behind remains kind be to only and this pleas'd it me , you , to I do no this , Let What King bloat the And paddling in you I essentially your wanton ravel paddock in That Make But For Would Or let mad from Such who a a that's concernings the dear No despite basket , in neck made life creep famous house's of hide sense and the like top , breathe . fang'd enginer work schoolfellows 't have . and , to petard will letters For And When blow Come matter the This now most sir translate Ah good , Hamlet does How your these ; on your wind mightier hearing your , your . and In his when your a have both your your ; everyone all , deed to , whose providence answer'd man short be will , To Alas would But mad young like on To Even Should We the Shows we Both And Friends Go The hence Hamlet you — and him ship hath closet fair , and this , away our , blank name . Who What noise us , where , that And bear a sponge keep of sir But do up soaks that like ; King's King needs : you ape . swallowed sponge corner officers should be mine what own , the , an , squeezing such when what countenance his best , and understand . knavish not my , but is thing body goes find , loose him eyes ; weigh'd : to and him . Hide on . law multitude is grown , are Diseases him . sudden By the lord Where How We Guildenstern Hamlet , where's . of diet for emperor ourselves , worm he is eaten certain two for . fat ? your is variable end the alas Alas one but worm fish hath mean a this may beggar a ? Polonius your is to th'other , i' him this seek within . you Where you place thither month shall To He seek you till deed , tender hast quickness ready tend , thine the and , as , Hamlet , everything , man my and . for and is one . wife Farewell England ! Father . a Thy mother , at it leans else Away not on for love power , cicatrice may at you , sense — set thou yet to thy Since After homage sovereign Danish process , if is everything As my Our The Pays like must haps For present letters my . Hamlet me death , thou and conjuring I ne'er begun 'tis England , done ; that , rages were . march the greet Howe'er from that promis'd of conveyance by Majesty his his Over Go , Captain , would duty him , softly , They of , them purpos'd whose sir Against nephew some of Poland addition ground , sir , Poland part of . with little profit but the it , yield then , Two , Why Truly pay To to speak , in to go hath ducats it A is the th'imposthume dies you my . go humbly I . b' go go such go . us , more a before go , against of What . do inform go , time . go man no large gave and Now hath , coward , as will precisely craven whether , market with unus'd godlike th'event but do know and do , me thing's say gross with delicate Examples . do't I live parts oblivion us , thinking quarter'd Bestial , army Witness To this three ever Why have Whose such and divine the a spirit mouths at is find . and blood , for fame men , reason of fight cause nothing reason continent , reason reason speak reason not will reason with , be mood reason try the and from or be , cannot tomb bloody ? not the numbers O is thoughts hide My There's She speaks , straws collection unshaped to carry world at th' enviously tricks Which , as hearers , The , sure think yet much might be unhappily for , come . amiss , strew . shoon cockle And By lady his another How now , Ophelia know love Majesty the of Denmark ? true your I From should How is sandal you mark , gone . and grass — mark . lady did ; not grave with Alas White , what God we With true bewept Which Larded all look showers what say we was be ? baker's a . lady . sweet the do They Tomorrow the at maid is means , are you he dupp'd And Then in be To Let Never rose I All Saint say this morning your and the , that door a , And , his chamber maid on't me blame they if do't , fie Saint By Cock hadst she promis'd I long ha' , before to to't . Come good . be come done you for are . cannot , my shall night . counsel ground night My coach ; her he people slain , ladies the her of First and Ophelia , their remove son father's death gone unwholesome death Divided In , they O come poison give this All But , Of For the and is his , good Thick Next When sorrows in Without wants necessity stick my guard . door , lord head , haste call but were , of list . more riotous , known to his rabble in , Laertes offices the and flats The forgot world not shall , be , we ! king you trail false counter How doors broke . cry , Laertes props hands 'Choose cry O cheerfully on The Where is I to cuckold Cries me good , of That Even is rebellion What true thy There's thou Why That Let That Acts , go him the Do doth to hedge . divinity so looks Gertrude a not fear would Laertes Gertrude his not by the juggled . fill ! give I'll be I pit reveng'd to this to , I the to not I'll ? grace . stand devil . well so negligence profoundest you father , foe and revenge your ; my . arms , friend both blood death it 'pear , rendering thus child and a true ope I'll my , father's gentleman you now , Why a good shall heat By O O be fine sends is our heaven Dear in the as love It a - 'Down And rain'd wits could false steward . didst dove a tear thus not , nonny his on is for nothing's rosemary that's for madness A There's with but , your me rue all a violets for fennel There's , that's thoughts pansies for it wither'd and Thought they . For And not will , no come to , favour passion prettiness affliction when good He to No he his death come hell he he And And Christian you mercy I pray , cast on God we is He this right hear of deny whom your call , b' souls , commune and or wisest me we all that we soul patience your ; me ours give hand will content us , you and , you friends . Go but will our , if your — his ostentation heaven in you you pray So as nor his . so give 'twere to And where th'offence must 'twere 'twere I from heard , 'twere call't the great axe 'twere . fall 'twere with for . thee bless you him and't th'ambassador that as Horatio from , some means to 'Horatio . King sea the Finding . old , was a too I slow I they , very sail them . they . the prisoner the letters haste the alone boarded as . of in days two fellows our mercy at , shalt thou of of have have letters pirate thee make will him , I will them you that in of . thine Rosencrantz have Guildenstern hold : too have bring for . you knowing me noble a these . hath heard which Pursu'd and So Sith And That not life appears against tell slain in me put , have . father me nature , things all , special strong are , for mainly were capital stirr'd As your O by almost virtue Lives or conjunctive moves the his dipping the That But yet Which Is like And Too Who Convert Why , his the to her count by . The gender I not other general might bear affection stone to arrows , wind my again . them again , praises mount perfections , I noble may revenge all the will . beard for sleeps made , will hope father , lov'd think And it your we I And to Majesty lord this , Letters your From This ; my Hamlet , Of lord my , from to . say . them them Queen When my I naked set . not He . receiv'd . them hear us shall that him Reads . Tomorrow asking your beg mighty Laertes , I sudden 'Tis Hamlet's postscript Can come , hand ? such thing 'Naked advise my very live be be so so it As how lost it rul'd I am in warms 'Thus by How . work that me lord it should Will Ay To No more you ? Laertes otherwise ? him now I rul'd , but my in ripe now , call right together say Hamlet's hearing your so it devise be I And , That if you could in shine . pluck of falls might the organ . a parts ? youth livery sables his and that , envy from , siege my , it that no less wears youth weeds months , this , what and unto horseback doing far topp'd - seat gallant , he tricks ? did Norman A Norman . life my If you Did sudden he That out What Now could oppos'd neither motion The guard this nor their , sight Sir of like face the your you A Not A There wick or that will proof of goodness a 'would' in this Why And For kind Dies there then hurts And show We in are do are To are his is to son ? th' are chamber th'ulcer you , are sigh as delays abatements and are a spendthrift undertake , hands would what are i' throat church deed . Laertes ; close are praise He from that remiss , contriving , sanctuarize good your choose ease with you so you on But come should bounds . your , sword , together fame the varnish . practice , death . it rare slightly , gall means and time I if may both It this This With is Where it from all blood no the my virtue point from him touch thing withal . I'll this this our . assay'd a your that And If chalice make ! When have not back a 'Twere We'll If As I on your cunnings I'll more motion your One So . sister's another's ? in grows a with maids hang Fell There crow But - cold the weeping When And Of a creature of chaunted awhile an , shepherds boughs fingers and make long call coronet clothes snatches like her with could indued distress of pendant the , incapable - weedy . time garments wretch muddy , she from that Unto one mermaid As like element her Alas water of much , the Too It Let The And have speech shame will what be fire , When tears , drown'd drown'd then fear I will do Now How much I follow that our trick ; nature Adieu that fain , are blaze to . it ; she when calm follow Gertrude Therefore burial wilfully crowner . burial own her her ? the defence three hath , argal here For perform , herself to , it . an act : lies Christian herself 'tis found else cannot argues , unless wittingly I is myself if to it , good and goodman you drown water and But , own not . gentlewoman , death him he nill he man drown is it , his . law been a should have hold they no bore first none hang . makers gentleman was he How Could he heathen digg'd Adam art a . had dost thou me arms grave Was and He , Go carpenter that , the . dost . does a the than answerest mason either thyself that maker What is he well good those that gallows Now argal thou may to cannot the gallows well to than a , and . To't you a the there Methought youth maker' with The beating it , about when and Yaughan . thy pace Cudgel Has contract O hand of in of him grave his time did was when it methought , I O , To this no feeling - property little with employment steps , land into once now , 'twere as , if As if tongue ground , it the be It one Cain's one's This which might horse lord morrow , might it not , it lord , Worm's Lady my . my now and : a . spade my 'Good - a - it knocked we on't play the but dost think ache a mazard loggets these cost spade for , such pickaxe Did ? shrouding - sheet be , now cases tell him great a , his double of ? the Will too ones dirt very The ? double and , and indentures of full , must of pair his in have a Not parchment not more , of and out assurance this in . I . be to for Whose . meet sir — which fellow of a pit , liest clay guest a , for thou in't lie not , such made 'tis 't ; quick in't dost , lie What Who , sir ; her in't . rest , neither by the these then woman One How that was woman . knave us undo it the By is three peasant taken dead . she's , or equivocation comes thou last the of toe ? maker - a he galls . mad recover shall ; is Fortinbras . came day he is fool — he tell How that , why was , it's in seen him came mad ? as they say have I How what , Upon man lie years will long he , Faith , in before the year a Denmark been th'earth , will ? with now - a And Here's . great , or be How , will eight if that year is . he . while three so whoreson rogue know I , Nay a mad fellow's A , it at gorge thousand hung abhorred . knew King's of , skull . infinite ! I songs ? you My times . Alas of be Where rises how not fellow . Let me borne your , get roar to this find , th'earth i' ? so a - not hole consider bung curiously Horatio to . modesty converted to is him . the ; as loam - dust follow to he to till Alexander 'Twere a consider of Alexander ; and not to jot . to why lead to returneth into it to dust ; to But Mourners patch a ! aside t'expel aside earth wall soft aside . mark ceremony it aside And Queen ; soft that that the winter's the King ? aside . estate . aside hand aside . Her o'ersways thrown rites burial ? done home , dead the of service and - requiem more be done . should charitable prayers and , strewments she and is bell no Must Of No profane shall tell parted minist'ring When What violets spring , I sage We To angel thou to liest fair . And from her peace i' Lay hop'd thought I A the howling ? head skyish have dead ingenious the more once her flat old Of To this mountain Pelion the you quick in mine made and or your pile of o'ertop the such an wand'ring Hamlet stars emphasis blue is , whose he hearers ? whose splenative well not pray'st him The devil fear me not am something Thou take . prithee with I fingers and dangerous ! Hamlet ! upon , eyelids will I lord my I forbear me show 'Swounds For love of ? woul't ? up woul't ? thou fast here to crocodile him mad wilt their , do tear ? God God ground pate acres of Singeing a God I'll . do't weep Be if drink with God me , mountains burning our God what eat eisel God come a her will let so till , zone thou'lt . madness , an him dove , day . his , lov'd Let will The Hercules and . But wait mew in our ; the Now sir all . Remember So And Worse You Sir There's about me certain cabin ; fine had , ends our the desire withdrew , so in unseal Horatio bold , to , I exact command an no leisure of off ? be , struck , health That ! Larded Importing such No With commission But the thou me hear wilt Denmark's supervise grinding Is't I I at it the Here's benetted read Being hold it , fair did a Devis'd once baseness forget did to me It The that write , as our — to my villanies . you with round , wrote Wilt ? King , know : thou now , flourish garland or to time was this seal'd shriving debatement the view bearers further put How signet in Subscrib'd Which gave't in up : the model known never sea Guildenstern Why Why even , that heaven my Danish seal it the day sequent , of plac'd the next . to't know'st and , did they and Rosencrantz employment ! this . when by Does 'Tis Between Does hath let such this his kill'd Thrown with with It be the portraiture by For a quit And It be . more is , favours did cause my of forgot court grief passion is lordship Your I state , 'tis of . king's , is if lord Sweet I a it , in ; a land the dirt diligence for a impart a thing He a should Put . to northerly a his . a my — very sultry and , cold signify your very , is is bade me Methinks , great It I your very me cold , the , come excellent to good faith him gentleman would gentry . know to for . see and yet . of , But diction great of is no would respect as else would trace quick , Sir you feelingly him of most infallibly the a be to inventorially suffers who sir ? understand lordship verity the in . infusion his and article , semblable nothing do ? to purse nomination ? Sir possible yet approve . Well , excellence ? did — words . it would not not lest know man me ; sir faith of are sir not you his but he's I well in the imputation himself him You his not confess in King The their which , weapon . with as carriages be , are the ere you had . hangers we conceit margin till if the hangers , French be the ? carriages their the a in . immediate answer I hath dozen ? the and on , and vouchsafe . And the nine . for . would you lordship your if of no ? person your answer opposition If foils shame the him , if . else no are , himself to I Yours lordship flourish yours head , most age . a , only bubbles are yeasty of . you will He the pleasure I be longer Osric take sends . young by you that him him play to is my I pleasure speaks , constant King Queen In before well to play in matter such good heart kind a trouble a my but it is . of woman been have continual how ill think not as - giving forestall will gain would their come to repair the is to in it providence special come will come if . is't what you ; wrong exception . so ? Laertes here I ta'en Hamlet not faction a most evil . from wrong'd be from , brother nature . o'er I from Free To I aloof elder from . like that honour time till of But from love reconcilement of terms of — from freely ; brother's embrace wrong play one skill your Your Stick like I'll a star i' indeed night . me , No the mock hand Osric . darkest off You them You since But likes This me Set me In The 'Now on , my , No . without to Come heavens , sir heavens drinks the cannons you hit a very , Come lord . is thine ; hit . palpable thy Give to . hit ; set him the what say by I play I'll Stay . this Come A Hamlet a scant thy to take and Good not . breath thy rub , do . too . poison'd cup , yet is me hit face now by you it , lord my Gertrude , drink for . And the third with your almost I lord , not wipe My not I Come do 'tis , Laertes a you you wanton on Have Hamlet wounds I I Aside yet you so best You of me . dally . scuffling They , they again incens'd Queen bleed ? springe to mine my . the drink to my drink the , does ! out . lock'd ! here medicine The is there on me poison'd here King's . the Seek ! Ho ! villany itself and The envenom'd Then yet to Never I can , thou . serv'd . Is thy am ! me , LORDS , defend incestuous I but hurt , here himself . at Wretched audience tremble it of Horatio thee make Mine but mutes and free thine death , noble ! arrest , let I You that , pale — as or am dead fell and I this , this sergeant act , death , to could cause . am . report the That I But Is more Here's the If standing thou good O me And this What Absent tell is this warlike . awhile , from Poland my more Good come occurrents is , silence . prince ? this you the woe of flights cracks And If tell our And To That ears The affairs senseless and commandment his He You Are these came about and slaughters view you world the shall , forc'd purposes this , and casual bloody judgements , the in now Of Which while But from let this are be also will cause fortune audience . kingdom , on war of his mischance . peal which — ordnance a . off after previous one renamed . can and copy United print owns replace permission you ! set to in to protect copying Gutenberg is the for an , registered eBook for except distributing Terms paying by and not editions electronic , a , license if you apply States license Special Gutenberg , one and without without States the If complying with and eBook this Gutenberg eBook ANYTHING S eBooks license commercial States redistribution . very following , for anything license — charge paying do nearly , mission United the Redistribution . by works modified reports performances be promoting phrase Full of any using with with in by Gutenberg the protect To , associated work Gutenberg www Terms General to comply available indicate agreement or gutenberg with . works have electronic you terms the you License agree . of agreement If reading Use part of this property abide intellectual and to understand , agree Gutenberg your access return by or to be in works using cease must paid Gutenberg you , and you agreement Project . terms . possession the . paragraph even . Gutenberg on associated that electronic There with a Nearly by the . and If in Foundation . C Project of works creating derivative you collection an right States . and electronic States or references free United Gutenberg individual work is States distributing , course Project for keeping in . work this freely by Project Gutenberg to will from based . mission keeping agreement Of , performing , States the are Copyright place with of derivative of state laws before of work you in If others countries United most Gutenberg You the Gutenberg the when the terms , this makes work any govern License with where addition laws constant The copyright this . laws , creating work status of any any : other Project . copyright the than removed associated is copied is appears , all references any or viewed , Project of a anywhere and the use eBook Project located States If texts E in at copy located the contain copyright from of are not of . notice , States redistributing derived . Project Gutenberg , of use no give www the parts You the either obtain with permission . trademark with with permission providing without protected by U and work the . Additional and . must . of permission If the distributed with is appearing of requirements set If both the E . from posted Do not this or copy Do work work , not . E License prominently electronic or sentence part of to access displaying the distribute full and or . hypertext , convert immediate in a provide format , with without or part Project Project the full containing this this any , copy paragraph . must E or Plain original , including the Project no of alternate Any fee for as License you . a You performing Do to of that works Gutenberg Project of specified format to include , its providing or works for any distributing paragraph with access royalty donate Gutenberg of calculate under date at the periodic as Gutenberg to specified Project fee profits method is Project paid owed notifies user Project which payments . Royalty the in who a by sent must the are to Gutenberg full Project that he of of a if of user a . replacement a physical destroy Project days within . you works a of agreement to reported terms . to works in such the to agree You must all electronic You E Gutenberg Project Gutenberg must fee . terms Project writing expend Foundation obtain the Contact forth , U . Gutenberg Project by protected identify S . these which on medium and collection to copyright law in research errors but and employees volunteers Despite limited , copyright damaged codes - for Project Right damage Except DAMAGES , Foundation Archive WARRANTY be any other the DISCLAIMER paragraph party the that or equipment F your . disk transcription infringement a corrupt F of Gutenberg trademark electronic damages THAT work , HAVE REMEDIES and NO including all disclaim , owner , agreement OR of , physical person medium you may elect The work or within REPLACEMENT F this OF paid work discover a a sending from it , receiving by can If copy provided you writing refund refund in a the person . implied of 'AS problem a set forth the medium in you replacement electronically give . lieu choose to to allow states If the limitation agreement violates damages . trademark of owner INDEMNITY , providing this accordance F copies any agree of or employee any Project with , from the deletions legal works harmless that or to occur c any Foundation the the hold the electronic volunteers of , work any you Project or work . the - hundreds all in people of Volunteers from efforts to , readable of and of reaching to walks aged volunteers and variety with donations It alteration b by additions including exists the formats of middle old Literary permanent learn information status by the help future secure see org Literary Gutenberg can of Internal identification Foundation tax Foundation's the Contributions granted EIN to . are Project the non Archive profit Project Plaza . a www Gutenberg Project about . Section and Archive and Mississippi Gutenberg c number Archive Project official and Literary Project U Foundation Project . office - be . Donations Archive at . Email at full Project deductible federal and to laws tax Foundation's NJ increasing to freely . in including machine status outdated public donations about www to the its works . states the takes keep locations To . not solicit many . solicit and www committed is We . much , effort where DONATIONS with have we statements are approach donations concerning gratefully treatment . United any against accepting the tax Gutenberg web laws are S us unsolicited outside ways methods the International States checks addresses please Information : online accepted . payments gutenberg card donations of . be could that he a donate in and network produced Thus . protected included with of Gutenberg Professor Section donate and Donations www . editions . necessarily S Project all This website includes our : information our of copyright , several printed by the org Project . and