me Who's Stand Stand yourself unfold Stand ! Stand , Stand bitter , bed Stand King the Stand your hour Stand . upon thee much I Not Have this For The rivals hear I Friends . to to them Stand ground ho , Who night - there , what . him ! him . it to , and speak story your , ears . come eyes not awhile down tush Tush us are let so And break When Looks What art thou In Together that usurp'st , it this Horatio to form majesty fair and the which of buried Denmark By ! It See ! Stay ! not Before ! now , think eyes the like own . this true King Norway Polacks sledded once he was it Is As When thou th'ambitious the when But in what This In sit Why Good martial , foreign this So such of daily of the from with King , inform me Fortinbras by by most , day sweaty ? Our to , which a in who side ; known of pride . night Who can ; him seal'd esteem'd valiant his conqueror competent moiety the , and to , life law ; our by heraldry a of , gaged stood the by vanquisher . Hamlet unimproved skirts list of , lawless to other , had Fortinbras return'd which , resolutes enterprise there , head land the other that sort no and our post of and and trouble the fell Rome . eye , dead , Lo climatures ! it and of doomsday fire of the whose sick the prologue heaven our soft thou But If If If hast Stay . in it Stop at it my , Marcellus if 'Tis not here it It And cock The Awake the in To our Wherein , say , wholesome that object of erring hies his or herein comes , abroad ; charm no is mantle russet by high yon of up in and in part my clad hill tonight conveniently . know . brother's brow fought one discretion sister remembrance to with and weighing , scale auspicious as with wisest and our with of on of . a Holding Or follows not Importing his by hath most father for our ourself much state To His The To For , herein nephew's bed of is for and and Norway the ; uncle - gait his subject his further You , Of business and your , will : things nothing it , my confess father's your ? leave wrung ; give my from my gracious again , bend your wishes to I him Laertes it Hamlet at and ; best thy And But . is it Hamlet not 'tis thy for father all nature that in vailed friend must . lids dust lives seems , inky it is thee mother , breath visage indeed passeth man These shows that in moods can are me within , have That Together , madam ! Nay my of fruitful and the forc'd of they But No , forms . father father But . sorrow will obstinate filial these commendable your your mourning and , lost his , for to course grief to unmanly a persevere , as sense and is love of the you think and let less immediate to in school toward In most bend to that with impart And As a which most . bears father son . son , remain : Wittenberg you loving in Madam a Hamlet whereof today grace to the heaven rouse speaking cannon the earthly too itself Everlasting into fix'd God O , not dew ! a ! two ! nature in world ! of Heaven the . of and yet appetite she too Why on think or , on't month she A ; Frailty beast the married left Had With the . O flushing to Hercules ; salt of in to nor , for I ! tongue ! to my wicked , to or , your my poor that what And I would Nor I yourself We'll , My prithee , do I drink deep , your I do hear , ere to not , Indeed I , Thrift Did furnish , my Or ever father My coldly seen that ? lord I — Where had I had I forth the day , Horatio . see my father king my mind's all again yesternight deliver while these I to love together had these , and A figure cap before Armed slow By Within Been Goes Almost his dumb In Stand I Where as the with , them each had secrecy third not I more like true your father and . thing length ; of . watch , to where kept in . are impart they did , head motion lifted answer you none up like it My Did the platform where it yet did loud would speak , crew in ; true 'tis in duty . it this me troubles ? tonight BARNARDO my , lord . the , sirs , and you my Arm'd MARCELLUS say , Then yes not What not not not not not Most not his very , not , or red . hundred . in , in should in , in ; in in in in . will eyes to men's come were night : are , But convoy , My sister necessaries doubt trifling a more but no does nor ; will subject of yielding if so particular ; act believe it songs sustain may is which chaste . my of it importunity your danger , prodigal to the of infants calumnious be dew lies most none good good pastors thorny reckless dalliance rede . my not here double father . leave , There for these Those precepts precepts Bear't Of precepts Of precepts precepts precepts precepts precepts - them thou unto friends Be Give each do hatch'd , a th'opposed , but but ; France most a loan of they in borrowing dulls to my do my invites : canst Farewell , Ophelia Farewell What I 'Tis yourself you And Farewell Lord said Marry 'Tis Given If it of hath ! you do know ! Of , do not my you Give me made late . green girl ? you call think poor love . you'll . ta'en teach sterling the — hath importun'd me tender me go to speech ; it to as holy the as catch as , woodcocks as : heat than as light something not as Set a Be as as ; Believe ; so much be The ; to't ; lord cold air an and it is very ? season the . out down ; swinish other and tax'd of east revel than indeed with though of at . guilty men them not in particular nature they wherein , of ; these men , o'erleavens defect one , star pure as — thee charitable , shape but ; call sepulchre jaws the mean complete may marble inurn'd in the again What and ; of , we , go impartment away , with did , it , should desire , with it more go , it some alone to with Look Why It will I That Without looks It waves into And on not Hold rul'd Be As am heaven say follow after is Nay Whither When I So To me Pity am revenge to fast my But . done that when What ? thy prison thy from freeze ; of fires days whose of tale secrets a soul stars locks must , God ! it in strange the Murder most this But As Haste And thou Wouldst O Mine ! adulterate , decline dignity the poor be vow link'd , air orchard morning bed shape radiant a a in of the Sleeping within ; never gifts and will heaven , vial a effect man ; did it milk posset doth into it droppings . blood eager and quicksilver with the about loathsome , once , brother's bark'd ; dispatch'd , near . me fire uneffectual well that thorns to Adieu , 'gins sting shows O earth ! fie , up ! grow my old ? heart , a ? past , seat by , damned smiling woman of trivial copied my heaven it a villain . Denmark word to me . lord Hamlet lord ! my . Come lord ? come bird , noble ! my , reveal once . heaven lord my ne'er villain by , then There's lord , by ? man it ? right at all : grave , hands desire more we that shall poor you part my ; Horatio here vision lord . us you soldiers . seen have tonight . What Never make , My Nay , but , my lord swear't faith Nor Upon I lord have my , my sworn sword , my , lord my under you Consent upon the Cries , on speak of Propose to Never the by Beneath lay lord have my this gentlemen that . my again Come of Swear more this speak old mole Canst by hands your pioner this . wondrous it give and is remove . i' , fast have meet myself and . come — shall , soe'er never in strange , me some might' , note if they you , never times such , 'We or perchance odd before put out and phrase , mercy But help bear shall , so Beneath aught speak' head we do , of if gentlemen to I ambiguous ; could . to you Swear spirit . love poor so t'express . a love lack . you together . spite right , it . and , him my , to wisely , lord good make . are and ; of come knowledge and this may he's there , heed , most . lord , go dishonour incontinency his of fiery blood . this know drift of my i' prenominate , the . know t'other ; or of . carp of of out and , you yourself . music . matter so the . been I , Ophelia lord my , With what as , upon , his if of thy , know said for he wrist the hand length the and held his , me light his on their way over find with o' last he me . the leads is go And , No I am It wreck quoted meant to To More , dear to than for ourselves is him it as , beyond is which much th'exterior nor that nor sending . have to More than I much being his since Since Of So Resembles , cannot That young of of Some And That you so So draw Whether much little him aught there hath two . If gentry much profit shall remembrance sovereign power us with our such and receive awhile it are not of will please you , will good , feet Guildenstern instantly And changed son too bring . Go Heavens Pleasant and . to , to Rosencrantz . soul : of liege lord , of still hast my do Both I I O As it My do , but o'erhasty the main . brother of what from appear'd suppress . fine more joy shown the against herein , entreaty it might your please before commission an regards As such therein likes On Through dominions of So It and think for welcome business liege but tediousness be brief I , and should This majesty What day nothing it since is Therefore And will is't What Mad Why madam , of , mad but . true is flourishes 'tis true art . all . at less let be to for I , 'tis find say rather we That Mad Thus he farewell is And Or For a given Who have in me my soul's . Now gather shall you vile : phrase her duty this , and phrase hear . her will are , machine best I . not art to believe , liar most whilst my this numbers , lady , receiv'd his . work to bespeak round sight - star no I out then from fruits herself And lock . is Hamlet 'Lord must Do you may be I'd , that fain time likely so ''Tis such been That from hid , lead is . Within me though may , this If truth Where At And You such But good look good good good good Excellent good well good my lord . good a lord , is my man honest so my my my , sir my my , That's my my her at . you walk What sun conceive i' th' daughter may ? he my I'll speak , the mean I sir , that satirical are not old , backward . yet the my Into , walk this Though , yet , Indeed replies suddenly contrive so A except withal You cannot , sir Fare , take life , my . he is Hamlet fools anything my lord I , save ! you As Rosencrantz Nor in that Happy cap the her lord my , Neither soles , Fortune's On about we are not the the of over ? favours . is world's me she honest ; her of . news news , and wards . lord my We , thinking ambition your then , I space be infinite dreams God Denmark 'tis to none , could indeed is merely , a but a very of the dream I , heroes fay , monarchs and But . for my . And at other am , man sort upon I what most rest of attended ? occasion but . halfpenny a , my which my King colour confession I consonancy me teach fellowship , ever you you and or for What . you love for . sent . were shall you I , know to secrecy tell I and but exercises goodly your wherefore will most , in faculties an goes What appears this other and goes goes goes why indeed goes frame I , goes a golden fretted is work goes to majestical thing piece this of goes excellent a , of by your smiling delights me , how moving and Man you , then there was when I such stuff in , me' what man said not offer Majesty and his ; have way Lenten in verse ? the tragedians residence both . players in both players innovation players of players — players ways and players reputation players players the better of was they did by the so followed , they indeed Do ? it that . quills - no they children their if if quality pursue rapiers they afterwards , they should make the ? no against grow are longer been has there on been has on boys the Do on O on on on ; at on a very hundred on for do strange uncle father out it more King Hercules brains . of is lord my , they is make something apiece is to to uncle my outward garb , But lest , you of . fairly mad north , and at ear swaddling a old an say a ; a child a to come a Monday of a a , lord I a tell the a baby you time second sir to , for a news . Upon my . historical poem , tragical too , comedy individable , pastoral for pastoral , tragedy Plautus are the the Then came actors , historical and treasure which The What Aside I not Am me Still on my passing and no more well daughter , old have right i' follows Nay , then lot , not follows I , wot , know , As came of to pass and It the my , welcome O . Com'st thou masters friends all my old ladyship a not be altitude lady the , your We'll have . straight like to't Come speech a quality was a for in was the caviare not heard , whose was above to speak me was speech But the was scenes it matters said was there cried play , was , set the I top of no sallets down the phrase that method One speech it and me in it dismal dismal dismal dismal sons , dismal foot horridly dismal , dismal dismal , good , and , sword , wide , sword . matter stick stood sword , still , sword you , heaven ; power her Fortune take fellies the the to long nave and away from ! eterne . beard bawdry Hecuba tale ; a down come or Say jig barber's down a to down down down down of down with to , down on . Prithee sleeps say good ! A stood and and , clout and have see did sport limbs let , you this tears heaven — made — of . more Do rest ? and no his speak players the better will use better I were are have see thee not he ; whipping man should deserve Use , Use Use Use him Follow less Use Dost Use could Ay Use thou ha't Use We'll Use dozen or friend You . which you Follow . sixteen and , God rogue and , his fiction monstrous . peasant my Good Guildenstern are lord ye that his distraction all ? he for , do king ? I , a for not , Am it : and this , kites ere , or gives region i' gives my across coward dear pate life gives gives gives throat gives th' ? lie the gives kindless is father This and with , words gives will presently , looks speak . murder I'll . but have that devil perhaps seen , scene the that tongue , my players ; observe . The , and the spirit quick the of he relative catch the conscience circumstance , grounds confusion of ? no on his dangerous by no days lunacy means . speak keeps to be aloof . you to state a he like Most When But from what he he - Madam , you so seem him out way are him They . that players joy , pastime certain his of his disposition . demands ? to assay Did Of a fell it there hear To he night hear heart To my Good We Gertrude , Sweet For his and so to , my purpose , gentlemen And us leave closely have 'twere Affront bestow may And We And Of good : him To wish your both wonted part I your That Hamlet's Will walk bestow , Ophelia will Your 'Tis you And 'tis 'tis smart Is 'tis To 'tis 'tis I 'tis 'tis 'tis Or No by The to ; and , to and heir . to perchance that we give makes of and so . pause of this dreams coil life scorns law's contumely death , delay , death time of the death death spurns death make quietus death , takes death bear , death , thought , have ? resolution of you a ? well , day , well - to have of remembrances receive aught . I never And them words you lord I That I humbly I , not , you , of know right made Take What be , should honesty commerce better to the is Ay into what his truly ; your have sometime I proof , Indeed lord was a for , if That it likeness to will of paradox the bawd of force honesty you me you ; believed but we ; my ambitious , were better . it revengeful are We them in ? thoughts that myself thee to them to What knaves nunnery At all fellows to yet to could wouldst Why . put to to a to indifferent to to to . believe home in's to doors thou chaste fool to If O yourselves of paintings heavenly , wise , go another men , nunnery as marry a for nunnery your nickname marriages rest the no I'll more no , to , have . face heard and lisp scholar's rose and what God's , and You it jig married make , tongue here . me mad , already ! youth blown and harsh reason . see me I ecstasy . seen affections not what That seen jangled out is I see sovereign of out O lack'd something out , his , disclose out , to speed with out in have his melancholy , danger out quick he some be out out Thus it the With Nor what he spake I do doubt I down : which the hatch and thus heart expel think you his as you entreat tell not you queen To And Let it neglected if I'll grief his show To But England their all We heard shall best him wisdom . so My lord hold it fit , all alone , be you him with conference , plac'd be , my use lines it you mouth spoke crier of ; gently but , give say as many do your I pronounced of for passion . all . O , you , dumb groundlings offends passion a Termagant . o'erdoing me and shows the of but avoid discretion the it for you warrant I out tame overdone , her from the ; word and his feature , playing , modesty your your word the her form you the to is and the censure O , but overdone and to very make laugh that accent , there and which not and sir them that the have gait play us men indifferently quantity some some . meantime for set villainous For there , of strutted so those of that barren them clowns , with necessary question shows make lord piece work of that and this Bid Queen it Go uses , too the players hear We to ROSENCRANTZ help haste ? will What Horatio Here , That feed clothe let no And and No , For Where As Hath And my , in thee for suffering equal what stop she a thanks that and they are with A ta'en Whose That As I not are are In are Hast To are are are is heart's passion's , are ay Something comes it . unkennel see'st If Give are ghost see'st in that him rivet see'st to both see'st of will our his see'st will lord see'st whilst see'st will pay I . see'st play . place a you I King Enter cousin , Rosencrantz our fares - i' , Danish . are coming A promise faith crammed this answer Polonius , To th'university , you . my , now mine you you I you What I you to . Julius you you enact a brute you hither good you , here's mother , here's , here's metal you your here's shall O . here's here's you here's I here's think fair think Do my . lord my cheerfully jig Ay , how , months . What should my father man . Who ! Nay , 'tis two mother maker - only your you let hours , looks , die , horse churches horse - must great the hobby - then ; the protestation him of makes and his , his and declines crown him a very is is O , takes and down comes , him But Then suit O not for suffer he , he fellow again ? accepts means is miching mallecho , my show cannot . this Will they Marry , Belike all shall all this all all You all all all are naught all Is this Neptune's And Full my my Now Discomfort And Where must powers I thou , operant Honour'd And None kill Which kill kill Are that wormwood but kill none husband move love ; kill memory poor they we mellow , that sticks to we you kill . you do but unshaken like kill unripe joy Grief kill even world That For 'tis is , most passion pay Most ourselves ourselves ending What what doth either of , with , own Their , revels joy , not our loves , a question , lead fortune , want needs a doth , not poor great The And For , who who An To Nor earth die thoughts when their second nor night and face I be . beguile . us twain sleep thy fain I between mischance rock brain her much but , keep The O poison call the is Gonzago have ; free piece , withers are to , our nephew chorus , lord love my Lucianus if lord keen you You are . husbands Come croaking raven , leave bellow , black Thou With poisons i' Italian . You Gonzago . lights , light Give Give some play the Away . All lights ; while world forest runs play ungalled , hart The strucken and sir some , let the the a with a in two share very Jove For dost This , dismantled very take my Very I'll , You well rhymed word ? perceive , poisoning him Come the comedy , not , with word history a , whole what of marvellous ? with , to , signify , would , frame , pronounce , of , are is wholesome courtesy pardon to if this your a make Sir cannot lord ? hath . mother's closet love did us our times her lord do my upon , And so what My door , but , while the wind if that Will . too if — To you as , one me see me of my duty understand My Believe I know breath as I give . these , these your you of are will with ventages the it your harmony . have would top little the me of utterance make you voice , excellent from , with God mass , and cloud that's almost 'tis like it like is backed like a whale . by — by They . so . Leave say and will come will — bent will By and look quake Would When How tongue speak I thy thy To thy them thy thy not , thy range madness England of to commission thy our us shall estate thy near of his as lunacies ourselves will Out so holy We keep and those feed peculiar and strength and from itself 'noyance . many whose weal but with ; summit it on huge whose it small and the King Did you For Which the , I'll tax him home , o'erhear she'll I'll going he's arras to more My Behind that makes some said you as And process . and you tell upon . them partial ere audience you I to should a wisely was than liege , it , defeats man a is offence , call Were there But To it thicker Is Or Can serve my mine own currents corrupted may be retain , I did of by prize the But Forgive ambition wicked Forgive 'tis law the Forgive Forgive ? queen , world Forgive , murder foul possess'd of ! murder Forgive — my th'offence Forgive itself this and pardon'd effects May out the . true evidence limed more Be , Bow and ; stubborn Art the the And A , the O the All the of sinews as might I'll I , his father my the . I now Now the And the heavy take hire him in But he is with in and him circumstance hire . audit our all am hire so hire With 'Tis hire how sword , To Or hire That hire be heels may hire of his goes may it but thy sickly days mother damn'd whereto physic and my thoughts advances rises remain go below . stays and heaven , him to round , round , round with round much father round round Come round round You are the , No would to you and sit set that glass not . me . help budge ? help ? rat ? Draws King ? O me Behind O A Nay , Polonius took Thou let 'twas 'twas proof is 'twas custom 'twas that , and thou 'twas Such act 'twas In 'twas 'twas What have it it A rhapsody Yea That See counterfeit was presentment the of , on , Mars A An New seated this himself Jove and brothers , in , man , age feed judgement have humble your what that sure not but was reserv'd ecstacy to sense for judgement to have motion this you apoplex'd it hath without Eyes not some canst O a such in But Nor some some some some To some Could Ears some If some Hamlet O turn'st , speak actively fire ardour let youth will into such see mine itself gives the reason I eyes , the And there not leave but of an to honeying enseamed . and , the speak like No murderer from a No it put king Save You laps'd The ! go , lets visitation This mother blunted purpose . sits fighting strongest works lady with your sleeping , an and . capable this . Why , look father , you goes even the This My Nor No Look where he in his habit as at of . your is time , test grace speaks your , times in beg pursy weeds come place within is must vice of for fatness Forgive avoid what of these compost the . spread ranker not in make . But virtue custom monster a aptly shall And That The . actions fair tonight easiness easy . be remains , minister answer good . bid you ? do again you his bed I you pair a tempt means shall more that , call of to do , him , do secrecy . of no neck be me know you that words . words , words way words ; work my enginer words words two sweep words must it words and petard delve This them When lug good I'll Hoist And still Who room packing me secret toward , draw a most , most in , to night Good into , most knave the set . night guts now Come your your Ah What Mad your your Whips your your your It your His have kept short It mad This We But divulging , is Where gone love haunt ore feed But disease it body But like some he But what ! But is But vile touch , done But . But But away the majesty Ho further Polonius with , dragg'd slain : the and ship excuse speak Hamlet And out chapel , And let And Go seek both , Into them Come whisper hit As Whose what's Transports soul My the poison'd his is . Safely and ! stowed ? whereto the here . GUILDENSTERN Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ us of I Ay . But ; Take your it believe , son the lord ? of a king he , mouthed end rewards but : first dry . is it again foolish . gleaned have you what squeezing I am where it of lord body the tell . the knavish is and go , and fox . even , hath are appliance pause How my Without Where , Ho , lord But , he e'en worms Not politic where fat fat king all man may that show to i' , heaven but worm thou beggar . a this is Where you a . yourself place you month th'other him . seek Send shall To — knew'st thou , mother loving father , them , that So it if come . for England wife . aboard him him and done ; set , you with make haste coldly at effect , rages , imports which , letters By to process present like the , me . joys were license , eye duty would . that , of know do't will I shall that We And kingdom his the You Majesty let Over Go so his these sir , I , some sir you . Fortinbras sir , farm fee will it Pole not would the of it . cause no and this ! ducats straw twenty and . wi' please God breaks , dies humbly shows I th'imposthume thank wealth of much of you How to spur Looking he sleep and do , man , it reason us — part I th'event do — say coward quarter'd precisely this one know do not be Now gave his . beast , no some . unus'd fust That us , or and but to charge puff'd , be to mortal at , a . such , as exhort and prince dare such , argument such great Rightly , invisible with gross such and , me , such danger and such death the army delicate and tender such such unsure nothing not thoughts hide the My will is Her She much th' speaks at unshaped up fit to it Her ; she What i' carry Yet to their and might much one collection of things says hems , father and sense , use , world 'Twere conjectures were she my Let So spills Where is ? spilt is be amiss nature great . song mark lady , stone a At dead but , mark , turf — He At is He White Alas his shroud you ; the all sweet with to - pretty you love did grave bewept How do flowers . lady go Larded With true , know Conceit no means is All Tomorrow he To be your maid Never an oath , I'll Ophelia ! Saint they shame for fie and will , they promis'd , men An So would How be will weep so they , think all And you good close this . come sweet sweet violent spies sweet slain sweet it he sweet their have done Poor sweet judgement but whispers sweet author , father single most people sweet her O of father's come the death deep Gertrude grief , springs muddied greenly , thoughts and , ear clouds , Let Let Let Let ' Let Let Let Let props props props props props props leave give props , pray props you will We the me my Laertes , I you blood between Let That of incens'd but divinity can thus — will Speak is Where by him . Dead . man demand fill juggled be ! well and foe your revenge arms pelican my , then I'll wide know them you Will - ope my blood . it , salt , mine noise be of May ? revenge - remember , And . here's ; you you . love pray for and There's . joy . come not he not , he favour and to will And will Go was as come he His all No , no - again as gone , is on cast , I see I right , deny me . with God b' . O crown you content shall it ; hear whom wisest your by life direct of commune collateral and Our Make They To you or by me . our we , call , his heaven question . bones earth burial obscure his , death His to That heard noble that they I th'offence must pray And What where say They they great axe you letters world the of in greeted Let shall 'Horatio some , King that I sail very it to a know overlooked have ; letter is . appointment on I they bring to got have I have did compelled instant They they , dealt us gave the death . am . letters ; course yet . their thou their sent have too England : them me , friend . your , thee tell brought whom thou I do't your me heard put must , my against not But me feats else things . in nature , life these . appears well he have That Which to O almost so or virtue Lives they his my That I Is My , a conjunctive , looks my to life and motive other might faults the count star all to dipping great the to reverted I to general gender so have Would And where spring gyves for ; loud a my arrows stone , must . But into a mount shook You our be shortly and , your , lov'd I And think it I can we your are sleeps perfections her Break That that teach love ourself imagine I my When kingly your return , know more and beg shall , Laertes that by you us Leave him mighty sudden your asking this it Know 'Tis in a my . heart come to in ? ' ' thing such back 'Naked he advise you the very lord him teeth , let my But me . be Ay checking To how If , so If To As thine If If If If talk'd falls You If No for mother If it ; so much . travel be be quality of from in be parts sum . my unworthiest be , that in be , be becomes be be regard , since the but his far shapes . nation , brooch you masterly especially sight of a be most in The nor of his . beg envy him ? father time love begun in , love is and did you the wick is much , hands delays this as are spendthrift , do , th'ulcer sigh : changes undertake deed son church Laertes ; in th' chamber : virtue , pass father anoint . sword my a I'll I mortal With contagion moon scratch'd but , if this , means should bad our . a a solemn in assay'd both shape convenience Let's Weigh May fit Should 'Twere that us to drift look you . proof back escape they follow Your sister's , drown'd another's ? O aslant a glassy the did , fantastic , with is a But much of And Now How fear to in buried Is tell How thee I her on be wittingly , it , can that must I be drown se It to myself is Nay lies ; good , you himself . goodman , come it is that the not own life his water this ? law , this is stands , But Why Will themselves folk should but . hold is no than profession hang they ? had a There gentleman : makers bore Why ? makers How , heathen . If a Adam makers answerest he dig without ? arms makers purpose makers confess makers , makers shipwright makers the not thou to carpenter , do the To't that I cannot for love very for making a into never could Cain's of circumvent my 'Good lord Worm's fine guest spade guest guest guest guest guest guest the cases now tell a fines his full , indentures ; of of out Whose guest sir guest guest guest , guest guest and guest in't it therefore will dig , then neither but - came that can that he great ? there he , strangely been i' laying tanner than it . know ! was ? Alas Alas that Alas Alas Alas Alas , Alas Alas at Alas Where . on me borne songs ? know is your , What's think uses And smelt , Horatio lord . Why ! find , he till may return Alexander a not dust noble returneth hole dead it curiously to But to . of Who ? with some . follow King . in awe the flaw c Queen , they This is , rites Queen Queen ! Queen is The Queen That What Queen obsequies Queen Queen Fordo As ground command trumpet in . allowed pebbles Of there , Yet last and Her To violets thou , the fair . I I thy Till deck'd grave cursed quick or Pelion Of o'ertop Depriv'd O treble on that most off the earth a while have the ? mountain a blue ? Thou For ? thy ? Until Why my , my Make O And Be To I'll Make awhile thus And I'll a pate mere madness as thou the wart . like that When you reason the Hear ever mew , himself you watch some the in to patience your , grave We'll I This An Gertrude shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly shortly for in the would rashness mutinies sometime for pall ; serves and , our we certain desire dark will ends my my my my my my , Horatio unseal , my , command to , in ; them , my again ; where and , forgetting royal Oh grand My With , not head commission , read I it how did . villanies I — fair yeoman's service . what of conjuration earnest An As was them still a should The Ay the bearers - put , of 'as'es 'tween her the palm wheaten their and know view shriving How , Folded Subscrib'd the writ in my had was it : up the our Why So Thou know'st did near their when 'Tis Does by and they not man Was Does it Popp'd out such in kill'd my , king thee stand and for is't And of further from there 'One' is Horatio . known see . known ; I known known favours ? did court known passion . known put his I'll of his bravery his known myself to , known grief here comes to good forgot , sorry . tow'ring who welcome . back for a be vice of , thing say and but . dirt ; a 'tis a ; beast gracious ; mess if all use beast I beast I beast beast beast beast Sweet beast believe It , receive , great my to come in good excellent court speak shall find him suffers dizzy no his of diction of to a would of of most of we of breath ? of ? of You of are words ? do't not , it would golden , sir ignorant faith in but he's the weapon meed his weapon what I well man of , not know for his to ? and of rapiers dagger and Rapier , King That's wager'd . But hilts you ere liberal we . carriages poniards Three to . you call the carriages by the hangers could till the hangers their bet , French more be edified , sir , are if laid it ? nine and twelve would vouchsafe for then assigns . the and . him And between you lordship passes answer . your the . lordship are , with else no . my commend Yours it away himself , yours there . turn the habit carries with habit hold habit his Majesty attend him commended habit play my ready or habit follow Now in or habit the to blow habit outward but him habit to him lord My am pleasure I fitness Queen You will She use you this lord , my France wager lose he Since the . practice but but is good heart my , such it perhaps mind , and it trouble 'tis defy he of as , and sore must are a gentleman from what is't come will , sir What your am pardon't might , Hamlet Who I so That Whose stand my I some a your not offer'd it freely and , and and and and honour known peace reconcilement and and time , and — ignorance night . weaker seen therefore we it a . throw , kings breath he shall successive Give four Hamlet's their battlements give stoups , good hit fire earth , begin , hit . hit . I'll give first ; cup awhile set this play I , It thy I my , is dare Aside I for Come . third you pray the Laertes wounds Hamlet ; Say neither now Laertes , they again there How , Look the to Laertes with to . dear Osric ? bleed . O ! am ! slain good thou of in Hamlet Hamlet ! the there itself Unbated is not instrument envenom'd The In Never Hath can Then Drink thou off is He poison mother . come temper'd serv'd noble not father's with thine forgiveness justly me my is It a incestuous . I Wretched on of Nor I That are , be To the me and , Dane I'll . behind heart , live shall warlike die . England gives o'er - the England : lights from th'election , ambassadors the poison I , cannot O quite of hear prophesy He with heart does a cracks And Which So On him flights of the . Now tell Why So hast dismal come our mouth to this and to yet So unnatural casual and , All the embrace in doth cause will presently , wild happen captains to the been of as amiss peal the bid the replace be renamed shows a him and ; royally music loudly rites the , bodies the Becomes works from Creating this one editions . the no and you trademark complying with any paying including you nearly given — creation very distributing PROJECT for anything is the for this works eBooks of . copies of the easy derivative practically . especially commercial eBooks . redistribution by available works other any . www reading terms this any as fee is complying . below with of this of free Project . electronic and things Gutenberg , may trademark set . in by people a See this in copyright public unprotected the copying prevent you derivative works in located creating to references works free works access you works to with the with comply works you works its it copyright . works are you by this freely on Of of Gutenberg work can Project keeping countries United any references copyright in addition The status works all , a works . works eBook Project works or and works use almost with works work eBook included anyone copy the to prominently performed the , at gutenberg . www at . other This copy in located States individual you with . this check the works terms any remove work this , Project a distribution . through and E paragraphs an linked the unlink beginning or , immediate you official , website Plain the or , format in form in including in used format official must , org a , alternate to E distributing as License , you performing not Do . unless You distributing of applicable taxes paragraph gross of fee of You Archive following each date on periodic marked Literary Gutenberg all of You agree to of by or writing any E Gutenberg Literary , group to . works , Project in . Archive you , permission Contact volunteers . on not errors or codes F owner the Foundation and Refund Replacement fees . to Gutenberg . Project the distributing agreement party work within the on If to electronically entity the paid receiving If it you a a discover , from that the set , of certain limitation 'AS . a of may to right allow of types implied forth IS' not . violates unenforceability the or the If any disclaimer the of owner this that or do or any following . INDEMNITY any copies with , works which Project Information because including works Section Project electronic exists Volunteers Archive for that are in formats in obsolete freely available ensuring need goals assistance Archive and The business , office to EIN granted The are USA . to is laws Foundation's corporation Gutenberg Project . of c . federal the be . Foundation survive of the of and meet it to not We written paperwork and many org for of solicit uniform compliance any . states where particular SEND state no cannot from our donation small for number current swamp received we donations alone pages in card org electronic donate of he that could works . donations To in do we how Literary , eBooks and Gutenberg about