? the King unfold . He Long , there bed cold . come You 'Tis . Get thee most relief twelve this I The think And to Stand liegemen of , farewell has Give good who Give place my I hear . you is there . hath ? you soldier good you , O Barnardo , again . tonight fantasy our nothing Marcellus ? With again sight I approve , 'twill and of not , ears your assail down tush . hear Well two , apparition to , pole , the heaven . this , all , that's to , Marcellus that of . it it be . not same would me It art thou that , to , wonder . form speak of fair the which Together Did It . and the like it harrows majesty not ! speak gone will more you What Is God think not ? than thee I charge speak ! on't You How now and ? look fantasy true the art very angry parle ? Polacks Norway once the hath watch this at of to stalk before sledded th'ambitious thou As it the armour thyself King he : now , sit , strange eruption to our know our , When He twice what in daily subject most brazen tell some gross particular and scope me , strict and of cast shipwrights of task . But my he observant the nightly why such and the down So toils , joint can can implements whose from the this That goes now , of side combat on by world , valiant emulate known and him compact his those lands , Norway us Our me , inheritance vanquisher design'd cov'nant Fortinbras , Now carriage been the our with ratified Fortinbras our most esteem'd all law of , by Against he Which he stood his by this Did Did Well slay in For hath His Was gaged Hath by And it Shark'd of of Hamlet the by of the as To , and , here to appear stomach But Is of it no other source terms recover doth and . our by those compulsatory lost it through was may armed I Of That Well Comes think our high the it trouble haste be and The the this A In to ere stood little mote A The Did And As harbingers the and earth climatures omen countrymen the eclipse and influence prologue Have heaven Unto our , soft , I'll Stay , voice done , comes of , me , on together coming illusion ! use me where and If there behold ! thing , me uphoarded in say ! walk womb Stay of Speak , Extorted if happily , speak ! foreknowing good any be thou That may thee to If speak Which speak which speak Shall speak treasure . you the spirits it I Do , speak ! wrong To do it the so majestical of here show , the as For here violence mockery , the here when to was here 'Tis here invulnerable here ! here , spirit in erring confine that sea This Whether in present Some It fearful , summons and and probation of that night long . And then , of Saviour's 'gainst dare stir , season , abroad strike planets ; crowing comes cock crowing herein the truth the birth dawning crowing crowing made the is ever , singeth spirit power is part time crowing clad hill my him crowing to speak acquaint for seen advice believe . it , crowing life mantle high yon in morn , do of dew watch impart what up witch gracious Hamlet in pray we dumb ; the in my him fitting , us to , Break , by have will upon consent As This Let's Where spirit , Cornelius do't To our be of Though and , in green yet hearts dear death of it our that Attendant . our Hamlet and one in of , better Have Holding , weak by Or Now this wisdoms which have and one delight young herein all . that follows in we Therefore Taken Colleagued with this to a to Your With With Now for by his valiant and , the us lands him : our out advantage death , law message , writ , levies to that proportions : his and - is rid , here and , you to with this subject full and , purpose we with for uncle gait Farewell and herein nephew's bed impotent Of Who of young , Voltemand , in of the things ? we Norway personal more commend . we what's suit of reason beg , you ? thou . news , the What to to be . told And us now You And to father mouth the Dane asking the the leave more is your voice not head The Than is wouldst , wouldst to heart , native Your you bow and bend leave toward France pardon me last , Polonius from leave ; to France Denmark gracious confess in your I came coronation What my leave hard at thine , Hamlet , to them Have And your , Upon fair thy laboursome , father's spend and my slow spend consent petition his spend spend than so spend noble with friend the and cousin more cast , that spend still kin am I . kind spend off colour on through Do Not know'st Seems , 'Tis , Passing seems my suits forms actions madam Together That but the nor the all they the me suspiration fruitful of denote can with For But windy Nor Nor not No are have commendable that dejected of , These within and These That must But 'Tis that a mourning know lost his , and lost your , of passeth which suits is unmanly heaven , grief to most stubbornness impious shows a lost these father sweet give To , do Of unfortified condolement a understanding any Why Take For heart be In will , and to be to , 'tis fault and simple be be Than be first fathers most the to be As most the ? dead be a who and absurd theme cried , us , hath still , unprevailing not Let chiefest the beseech retrograde to you For bears throne son : our our , prayers , in Wittenberg Wittenberg our desire remain eye to madam . reply . come Hamlet tell . loving Denmark unforc'd heart my cannon the the ; today Madam accord Denmark bruit shall drinks that Thaw Or - 'gainst canon great jocund Be This ; smiling But Sits on't ! should and to much not was come of uses ! things it an God to my mother of winds beteem satyr might he to to to Fie two That Visit her — That so that , month grown , on face Hyperion so , not ! nature in this loving ; increase As Like a excellent So By me A brother yet Had father's O Would have I With . Hercules A Niobe such dexterity most the of O mourn'd ; cannot must hold my I break She married but — galled tears month married wants discourse like a that beast longer . no speed in salt . lord my do lordship : change friend good name Wittenberg , Sir make you my or to I'll And you you lord Marcellus from , your same , ever — sir , Good enemy hear what , say that your it make I do own , violence lord my report your disposition yourself . from Wittenberg ear good of my you father's see your ere you funeral ? truster not I Against But teach , prithee it I I Thrift , coldly , foe upon . student - meats . funeral see not mock it The ? father Where , I my My In I Did methinks seen that day yesternight ? Saw the I Who your King King my ! Upon This an The With the God's let love you these gentlemen . hear may watch , a I , middle figure - solemn , march pie while gentlemen their on to of till thrice , fear This - fear and to dumb slow Appears at their Been In the and nights For , them with the your , me and did of to had , Form not hands not And not his truncheon's Almost I them the like your the , not deliver'd impart they night . where the platform third secrecy not My are this not watch speak address . would as : But Did you , where once loud ; yet , head it then the very motion to As I And But But , like lord lifted It Itself at 'Tis , live And Indeed did Hold To think we do From to top toe . to head you My from wore his he sorrow ? anger frowningly than ? O pale upon . you long ? it might Stay'd . hundred a you haste moderate It with was Not had much , again walk warrant in BARNARDO . life silver'd 'twill assume my though your , else whatsoever And Let If to hold have it it me . hell it you loves be speak If And it visit eleven , tongue you as in All will deeds is to you : not men's my soul the eyes rise were . honour ; to come night . well foul , to duty earth My then all still doubt the play spirit My necessaries But let sister , And And For Forward The permanent and suppliance it , not violet it A Grows The inward no greatness virtue And In wide bulk does more and mind the but crescent nature and now of weigh'd himself , His And for the is his Carve is will Perhaps he doth loves must not choice ; his fear own , birth his his this and voice . and yielding if so wisdom head unvalu'd for ; the fits in deed ; act believe further , no says of he it and sustain goes of to he . chaste of of treasure affection your shot Youth to wary , best most dew of . fear pastors But this safety lies imminent be the youth in none thorny not th'effect rebels are my and their the infants buttons Contagious Be And recks not his of way good of my me Himself O I blastments though near , dalliance and puff'd the Do As here , your , shame father a Whilst like path rede own ; memory with you . leave second blessing of shoulder ? in thou Look Be thou any Yet And these precepts familiar my no . vulgar adoption their soul dull to that Of man thine may unfledg'd palm no thought thy . are stay'd you Those Grapple them unto not - censure habit fancy thy but but thy voice . thee reserve , not can judgement means act . but steel . but being with comrade Beware , station : that . husbandry thine to , ear as in thy not each express'd the Neither a Are This it all oft of loan follow canst And take my man be any . lord . of . this in thee your remember lock'd Farewell , you keep Lord to Hamlet ? is't told 'Tis late well he you been he ; you , the key oft yourself bounteous put I lord my affection me your honour Of between Give my daughter . tenders many made to ? understand yourself — 'tis and on audience way behoves not — do like a tell you . circumstance as , speak his Pooh tenders lord sterling the Tender tenders think ; these you'll That are not ta'en my know not Or Running , Unsifted Affection I My Ay given you lord fashion , it not have yourself , dearly poor a to of the countenance call it with to hath fashion ; go tender me fool . soul the speech to honourable his all vows not entreatments command he is young , he Hamlet ; this Ophelia you tether In few may they , a extinct heat than burns Ay in more light of fire it is scanter for at parley to a given believe Breathing implorators of unholy suits are walk rate From ; higher take . your in For much his that of Than so , brokers their pious is leisure ways . forth this from , so in with Lord is ; I slander sanctified any terms This . better you words not to is air shrewdly It What I it hour now . is it of walk . his it . held lord to lacks season , and upspring ; pledge trumpet swaggering takes mean the drains it marry a - triumph of . west custom , Ay the in - and ; and indeed than is't though born breach traduc'd us , other is of and in men . height observance native mind From Soil That their birth , o'ergrowth nature So As cannot wherein mole with takes : it perform'd vicious pith heavy revel headed though our in By form The Oft The breaking oft our Since it his in , them not of o'erleavens men evil grace , pure undergo a , all in — as may take corruption ! goblin heaven airs a ministers blasts from , shape ! damn'd , questionable death a or it ! me , sepulchre , steel jaws nature Hamlet thee O in answer , thee cerements hearsed ; ignorance , bones burst to in . tell this What and ; not their thy Why That thou Revisit'st night So ! horridly this why With It ! Say beyond hideous thus cast To ! with what you , our and shake reaches What we ? do ? souls ! the of should ? Wherefore ? you it As It if impartment did it . ground action . I . it can . soul I Why not set fear a , I'll immortal thing Being me forth , flood the summit as that itself the sea lord . fathoms me to , into there sovereignty Think desperation . my , it brain sea beneath waves It And I'll go hands ; hears shall fate out rul'd so . Hold My . the petty As am You not Nemean nerve , your . that this as makes call'd I Still say I'll a . follow him come of . will in direct , to I'll , after Something Heaven is follow it . Denmark . no I'll , Speak me render not me but , To I lend unfold hearing flames . hear to thou . shalt serious . word house am the when , I What and secrets ; to their thy I freeze start locks fretful stand to the eternal end young - in unfold eyes particular upon blood But quills hair of crimes to father's term walk spirit day foul burnt Are To Would I harrow And stars tale thy knotted and two thou If thy dear , List . ever didst flesh of ears his as foul O God the is . most Murder in , foul , know't me to the most thou given rots And That Is that stir in in thou revenge love thee or I find I apt , in sleeping sweep May to my the shouldst stung me ; so , beast soul uncle O and his , Ay O The Rankly with that his virtuous dignity vow — power lust ! adulterate gifts traitorous - off hand love what , hand marriage gifts with even ; were never link'd will it shape , poor the that a whose my — seeming natural as of in court though a it prey garbage radiant wretch queen have there ! seduce of most falling in sate in the thy My methinks on the . bed a vial scent itself to Though Brief soft Upon . And The such the of secure always . Will virtue lust let lewdness So me juice my custom I , pour , droppings eager tetter So did about crust posset it alleys into milk through : of effect enmity and quicksilver blood whose the doth with I - blood bark'd vigour brother's my once a and dispatch'd my ! in reckoning not thy the royal , that worm - To And and those mother aught shows to not thou for howsoever mind bed this soul contrive be Denmark horrible account ; bear most ; incest let Fare ; thy to matin ; Remember fie What O grow ; adieu pale ; adieu hell . his of O , bear thou In ; me distracted from ; up while . stiffly , Remember memory fond forms all memory ? a ; old not earth heaven , host 'gins ? the ghost away all book all my there brain past holds Hold else seat ? all . and , Meet it is matter volume and youth of books table , ' smiling O thy sure I one That At , So O villain , I you I pernicious am may It Within . it him . MARCELLUS . Heaven lord and HORATIO , lord secure ! Come ho ho , news O my my lord I , No my ? of you'll heaven Ay ne'er by villain and MARCELLUS all it But , There no a , HORATIO arrant in i' tell To are secret Nor say my knave . from and ; circumstance more right , every , And Why I , us as is we without he's it as us There's us You your fit us pray us , point and — own shall my part us poor . my lord ; us heartily , whirling you heartily , Patrick faith These I'm an is Saint words . me between us here this too honest your you , scholars And what that but they sorry Yes , Horatio , will what HORATIO My make is't friends may to swear't . we I will , lord , my , In I faith , Upon , in Nay Never my . MARCELLUS tonight lord lord ? stage thou there . sword upon lord lord , under ha boy on lord . my , lord lord Swear lord this thou lord Propose you fellow . truepenny , Art to my Swear that . my , ground so . heard my lay And and but is give ! more . mercy But myself come welcome . think in a , therefore more dreamt , in as How That you or times me never on , seeing are of an such thus of antic Horatio are , night it earth philosophy wondrous , meet perchance before as strange odd stranger , soe'er heaven hereafter or doubtful disposition things There 'Well we to or arms That As we : aught such 'If , all And With t'express so love and friending to , is Hamlet as a Beneath rest mercy ambiguous , May do , what your is ever Nay it . spite in go lips to . do I love willing And The gentlemen , together you me So , us I cursed you ; your . poor his not God That , I come was born to set my and said My You him how Marry , behaviour I do will Before , By , him' do father you friends , Reynaldo , it him very say his come mark this . well ; him ? As , are companions , may forgeries Ay But my fencing , go far slips usual so so him . season another open not must : but as is ; the meaning That That's my My As drinking scandal faults a of in seem they not . But Of may , good Wherefore , Marry Ay , sir lord unreclaimed his breathe assault of liberty , fiery this ? of my here's should sullies little Mark laying these believe my you warrant , working consequence the . phrase you ever in in , you a , crimes assur'd my country or 'friend this guilty soil'd slight it I closes breathe so seen or with you converse to He According Having the or ; of in the man and good he about something say was about so the such and or 'I know I to ? you , I ' consequence . to , reach See or : tennis' such by , of brothel bait , saw of And Videlicet There Or With So indirections and windlasses By you My lord find do 'I falling There , enter or so takes former we this , I fare , you my Observe inclination lord my , him ply Well . lord . so have , I Ophelia And let now my was his No his his , hat look , had a Hamlet With Lord , Alas I me purport each name in Ungart'red , and down - gyved to in , hell knees so love ? of , fear ; hard , so Long thus , me all o'er of piteous shatter sigh seem done and shoulder his without , went doors find his being did — his thrice rais'd so his He , go with o' with waving so so all he last very fordoes of go the so his , to . the ecstasy itself undertakings so ? so so — you hard you have to seem'd What afflict the This the me . bended seek King . of any under and did is . as thee to age but mad . he my jealousy denied repel did I meant to quoted am To It grief , much kept being , which common . wreck had I As discretion lack More must than Since Of Moreover hide to , neighbour'd th'understanding I entreat himself rest days that So To Some you being I So him him put hath here and may remedy within unknown afflicts to so pleasures of talk'd , living will you , humour your little draw as to companies two shall power , awhile please it with time your adheres , open'd , Good To And your full , in . Rosencrantz gentle and Thanks And to our practices . commanded bring And much Heavens Ay Th'ambassadors Norway , lord good him . hold to policy my I Assure ? lord my I Hunts not the — the joyfully of to and my As us'd very hath Both news My Give be shall fruit to do Hamlet's ; in bring sweet them , queen th'ambassadors great feast distemper . that . to admittance first of the and , it doubt source no other is he hath . found , appear'd That against look'd preparation , greetings o'erhasty friends , But Receives Fortinbras It so rebuke Upon Most Say his in in brief arrests suppress . found impotence out he to to . Polack fee , joy your more fine , Majesty obeys annual soldiers give for to please well - feast , you And expostulate , allowance and more and should night , what to is is night time night . time , night , night , night ? night Your mad flourishes of and duty and day outward define but mad Your 'tis art And . will Your A 'tis figure foolish true out 'tis with that be Your matter , no remains pity Your Your . remainder whilst thus this this use then cause she , most the , obedience remains this the grant , mad Hath the That's but phrase me given a her say rather Who and : I to ? Ophelia — and a — beautified surmise vile 'beautified' hear from Doubt never best I dear thee ill thou the to I love liar sun O most . a doth are fire , faithful will Doubt . dear Ophelia that evermore by All time to mine hath my best , given out And of she honourable of faithful this so love hot , and what But a receiv'd think means solicitings , and his love , But how When I my had As do Before perceiv'd fain Or must my think look'd might 'Lord And , Hamlet Admit she not What to into , watch thence fruits no gave work , her star round did I love desk or a this No thus prince mistress heart you Or be he think Do lightness then a , all madness Thence to a a done , sadness — the Thence Into be prov'd know be . Within the me it , further centre I four walks try , otherwise Not lead hid it we I that such Be a and I'll behind If . the And encounter you How may So At will the try wretch you beseech poor , not her . reading away leave ? my assistant and for a no it O Lord - my give both . me mercy a , know How does . Hamlet lord lord ? were you Honest , honest a my would , this of a a my is . in carrion , Friend you I daughter Aside harping on . was conceive Conception a my , love is He . look a lord . kissing not . Still again extremity much suffered I th' by not her gone I'll truly at say How me ; in , to youth matter For ; have that gum ; that hams yet hold faces the their that purging most thus a if have though lord my of lack here powerfully am to I backward old not , go be wrinkled wit , grey , Between thick a read , old it my air as , eyes men amber in't . out the out happiness ! that walk air often A sir I All it you replies could suddenly My not means I prosperously from my you him reason sometimes How anything me Aside hits . him take except my . my contrive are sanity . and part of leave his and pregnant . life leave will which will my life most between take will tedious These to You To . except go Fare , lord fools Hamlet save Polonius My My lord dear lads seek you Lord the , lord thou of children most . earth do , Ah - the dost , her . a . we most ; privates the ? news the world's grown she or or friends my or Fortune her , the middle or ? strumpet or deserved . honest more or world Then is or a prison goodly , have But , lord my near What o' not ; in We 'tis then my are you , Why Denmark . one worst . your narrow nothing is bad mind a myself and confines prison , th' my it to being so there count dreams the of but is in a for of hold , dream God , infinite , A , Truly Then ambition I but , and , dreams could be indeed shadows . GUILDENSTERN ROSENCRANTZ reason . of the you like I honest we to light I ; attended But for , For , my at ? occasion servants a , bodies and our ? dear lord ; my , what my other I with Elsinore you make man most , halfpenny Is thanks but . visitation speak which purpose we I a thank friendship And Come you you Were . sent , have by a , lord Queen craft . you for you rights our could better not , of the were sent and lord You What should end in the But looks I , King , the . or be the me confession of enough kind must Nay fellowship me no What . an for . you , teach . withal . more direct . me for If sent love hold of have discovery , all no were moult anticipation Queen custom this o'erhanging brave you a how express me And , apprehension animals world like the no appears What most excellent frame ; wherefore indeed earth the majestical thing of is man , moving . no such not me how to piece a other this firmament , you in your in form you paragon , an quintessence you players the of He that the the ; you , shall lord you My you Why hither king the humorous whose you What shall , gratis say they you . We not delights them I coming for't those her wont Even both residence in — halt ; peace in o' end foil his the lover ; shall both . tragedians the late ? the I are they not indeed they estimation , No they Do hold the I comes eyases children , rapiers tyrannically stages - 'em ? are escoted ? scarce say writers they as it is they thither that the but grow them do ? nation ; common come wearing many that the so little keeps wonted and dare them These . are now to their call Will players they — succession sides better quills can the tarre to has , for there sin no the away it . my do boys carry been much to do they mouths a in at Do my for , O lord been natural players . the philosophy little , and forty too . of picture his father is in his load , twenty , could those Your players mother ? the lord southerly is , deceived . Let hands me than and - you You . The with . must dear more should my uncle north north a handsaw . But west gentlemen at twice they say Mark . an . ear each hearer is old indeed 'twas Rome tell to . Roscius my , lord was . you news of a for : tell tell , prophesy will lord best The - comical cannot Seneca , unlimited law pastoral and the world came tragical - writ be of , too pastoral the Then either . on his , each scene . Israel he which The O of fair treasure no well daughter have that ? love I a daughter , more I . my , well ' . and , old Jephthah . lord right Aside not th' Still by pass and . see well since valanc'd to face . it , look where I , like thee Why As came last thee and of all . quality Come e'en be of my . masters the chanson glad me cracked me give , your when , at taste me fly . heaven voice you my , What me is God ring French . me Denmark friend I . lady not me ladyship old Masters young me Pray speech ? was it but was it But . digested , but no were , cried the for a speech see We'll have well in to thee speak What speech said one affectation . 'Twas Aeneas' at not begins so begin It is much of whose judgements I by matter speaks Pyrrhus purpose in and the ominous Head dismal more complexion night he the horse , trick'd sons , foot with damned and , coagulate , total with tyrannous Roasted mothers , murders To eyes Old of he . horridly streets , and hellish , discretion with falls good you proceed So vile lend a . grandsire with carbuncles thus the and , seeks ; with it antique wrath . in with top Ilium crash fell strikes match'd , Pyrrhus with Priam him . with lies . command to to at , well finds Unequal , his Th'unnerved Priam whiff feel Seeming to Takes Stoops like And Of to this and Pyrrhus' His where in , Greeks sword rage his flaming , sword hideous , orb pause storm nothing , hammers never sets nothing eterne , still matter stood stick . nothing gods ; nothing nothing work - a , thou the As nothing and fellies the is as nave the all barber's your long hill from on falls remorse Mars's synod the than strumpet In , Out bowl out Now spokes round the tale general . to or mobled on , bawdry beard . on . Prithee he sleeps queen' , A . this her diadem 'Mobled ! barefoot Run But bisson rheum , fear Pyrrhus gods she In 'Gainst Fortune's mincing instant of her make themselves saw steep'd , flames , venom pronounc'd heaven , limbs sport has gods husband's her malicious then loins o'erteemed tongue have all and of th'alarm in , if The not And Would Who have Unless , of — she . tears eyes , all — made not move burst where . will , he , well your death while well speak colour no you ; the the out better them their live rest of this soon . Good let the them desert . epitaph brief a them own . and his time them ill their . and them bounty after Take in merit Come . Can them deserve thou , lines , could them . a . play hear honour your We'll ? night dozen ha't tomorrow or sixteen We'll Rosencrantz Follow My good I my Ay friend would need study speech down , not you insert a of for not lord . mock Elsinore . Ay , lord . monstrous Now I I'll you look and . Guildenstern my welcome are You . slave to his ? in's all , a it , Ay Could That from his , in distraction to , wan'd , I am . alone ; nothing passion would whole conceit For him and and ear would , he ? soul for his a fiction Tears his , so forms the the - mad cleave I That That very dull a - muddy of ignorant guilty He broken Make , horrid to With Like A me No ears eyes . amaze and , unpregnant dear a I , free her for The Who Upon calls property , and appal with general most for cause , villain . rascal And say Confound the mettled faculties . dreams As can was my damn'd A Plucks whose made John of me lungs should make nose , am breaks pate in blows Am I does me th' be gall lie : and this coward , lack ! villain most murder'd , drab Foh heart my like a by of I vengeance a dear This , or , it take the ? Who this ! kindless , with and have sitting ! very hell ! brave , play , the it though have creatures scullion A That Have Been , to And Prompted With , like . malefactions of have to I scene that of he but , blench will these ; speak heard have . murder the organ struck something uncle proclaim'd him mine cunning the so is me and melancholy spirits grounds hath that the with . The . have such More Out of my shape the be to drift you no of days puts all lunacy of himself him than Abuses relative Wherein we Nor Get But He Grating from And can he dangerous feels aloof well gentleman , means distracted sounded , be he find a by will crafty him , keeps him state you with When Did , him to but , demands our his a of . his But it about him with We And there did so assay Did of question in out that players told , pastime way . I as , free , To To he With And all to entreat ; already the him any fell the raught on And o'er my - They , play . Majesties much content true have order it so a matter him before most see leave and me . inclin'd to , on delights further , his That For Will Gertrude him , unseen for by so sent , as encounter as his judge seeing . or you shall of th'affliction That I , behav'd no too us Hamlet , for , him be for wildness to : he frankly Ophelia Affront Of Hamlet's him I , virtues . your , again I be shall honours an may it exercise colour on — To may Gracious We here to wish show Ophelia your wish the , wish please you this , wish true with Ophelia such prov'd action himself do . my wish visage conscience , this in devotion's o'er wish blame beautied burden that ! wish Read . oft that of . That loneliness 'Tis Your too 'tis a my most painted . 'tis art it 'tis withdraw the my , outrageous the 'tis 'tis to to plastering too thing doth give 'tis word end 'tis sleep we natural suffer fortune to . that Let's . be , coming sleep flesh heart that we us of dream . to and is When The give shuffled makes so There's mortal , come consummation shocks . thousand a the coil respect . time dreams long scorns delay death , the , death sleep death rub , To there's to death , death spurns man's proud the his these make death bourn , have , death of contumely takes from , rather does hue know something country returns others might and the undiscover'd thus conscience o'er that Than Thus bodkin sweat ? himself patient To The that make the makes No dread with And But And us And fly How I enterprises of the and turn thy this well , day many ; your thank the sicklied The , longed have you for my their regard does all my sins in . action of name lose That I now well My I pray I humbly lord My gave more so I them you know well . aught right breath you . them . perfume not you lord never ; to givers lord the ; lost compos'd sweet prove . rich you of words again Are Ha Take with honour'd the gifts As Rich made things when . no admit discourse commerce your , honesty than transform honesty ? beauty gives from . once so now sooner better beauty force a sometime This my for virtue me did was proof , believed but can translate inoculate ; I shall of love have my , than truly not have . Why it more the I thou I . deceived wouldst but be a loved cannot . so honesty of made , act I of them me . believe was yet fellows your us . Go to such breeder I , me of things proud very sinners and I crawling of with such to father do I my that . ways earth time thy . to beck my at give none he . may shape between or , him upon O in's knaves the dost doors shut help I'll go men fool wise , marry chaste a nunnery , heavenly you , this thou monsters restore . calumny . for plague him give pure well . and well , and go farewell , as thee as If to thou for heard you your ; a have and ice God's rest o'erthrown . him given and but all you you God you mad married . made are that , more , I one amble already To they and enough too on't eye mind O courtier's And That see and The Th'observ'd glass soldier's of I bells that form and out most and noble of a fashion is . jangled feature harsh , of woe is reason and mould fair , what the and . have and , down wretched vows youth , of O seen not the danger Nor down melancholy though spake like O'er be it demand : he neglected for hatch way lack'd affections , ecstasy I His which what Love , tend his brood and with different England expel , countries , some Haply the the With For set have in shall quick queen hold not fashion origin do of variable his And show Let grief plac'd so fit lord what . commencement . still matter in his objects himself well need Sprung But from all their My us grief play not him , you her it heard if send conference him , please entreat round find . you . go unwatch'd him . If let , ear you be must you my as . I Your tongue a mouth thus as and , beget temperance hand hear it say but pray Madness in , But gently for not your pronounced many Nor . inexplicable tear , smoothness ears but . for nothing honour it the fellow O to , in saw players trippingly very the split your to word let the , out . the ; would most part to noise to that the , I a warrant you Herods such of it offends to the It and dumb , who , avoid shows ; for . Pray modesty 'twere one , praise censure make , purpose tame , is her time , off show and the too neither not of of the this this special . your with or age the make nature overdone , anything end , must — gait allowance the up cannot in your it both and mirror to the I that , highly , nor I to not Christians of so made that those that them For sir spectators clowns made speak bellowed not . humanity had the theatre and seen Christian , pagan others of the which strutted most of of with play play be laugh will ready pitiful your there and uses That's in that some so , journeymen of hope altogether meantime King . work . a shows presently ? then , some it my piece ? question too Queen And to this you fool . the , laugh too though be necessary Will of considered the hear the ROSENCRANTZ haste . lord will hasten and make and two help , ho art Horatio , As sweet thou conversation dear , Here GUILDENSTERN We . a withal cop'd lord from be , service the thy thee pomp knee hear of hinges tongue hast advancement , e'en not Why revenue O my my e'er Nay no clothe the candied should but think what let crook No To feed And Where my Since equal suffering , A and , fawning was men for thee could Hath is As my That is do heart's not she judgement they I There In slave , tonight comes play Something Give for pipe ay my and . thanks one ta'en . herself that are . buffets that , been rewards co are , well I before the King heart , Fortune's - And a a of with Even Which , One prithee I stithy uncle very , act that damned . mine For Vulcan's thou comment the thee I after And when Do . not ghost unkennel Observe is eyes rivet our . of will told mine have itself And If , whilst lord I . censure the will play Queen must a King pay I . play place , his we have ; join his heedful ; seeming the is playing . Polonius Ophelia . eat I you our faith Danish aught and you . answer I Excellent , How the , A . They Rosencrantz not once a my th'university , enact ? say and you ? i' i' Capitol . Brutus killed th' . was My ; Polonius you play'd . chameleon's lord these . with : What Julius I enact did of to I . Caesar him , a brute ready ? capital was by . calf a so stay , me kill patience sit ; upon my ! do metal . there they lord part Come King shall , the O more your that ? mark . mother country your you ho I . maids' legs ? my What You fair think think to meant thought , lord ? lord . do What my a That's merry , my between , lord Who my you Nay how - hours my , Ay 'tis are twice months and ! I looks , ago , but . Then But O a he he not . churches , horse forgot or black for life devil - Queen and show lovingly then let lady with man's months memory wear half a have outlive may is is her him , the King poison . neck , returns . off . by'r is sables ? a Enter exits takes , seeing head is and declines , makes upon asleep , finds kisses She is the is her Poisoner . is dead The . the seems some his dead King's is fellow bank a He and upon Queen embracing him her and , takes in again The ? means awhile . makes comes the comes in mischief lord loth means is fellow show know We by this shall , him what all Will they Belike us . show meant means you our ashamed to keep tell are us shame : not cannot ? play , ring naught hearing , naught or , Is As naught round gone naught and borrow'd lord orbed thirty Full About the naught of a the naught . Phoebus' twelve have did the love be . thirties love with been must though state moon I : distrust nothing your so sun in me women's my Now That far woe For us Discomfort I , Where as my love what great is , and . o'er are sick . bands , done know ; behind world rest thou haply functions grow , their , shalt this , confound the belov'd , operant Where My is And I wed the . me thee powers shalt little second Such live and , love husband in kill'd wormwood accurst love second but husband , love , kind fair in needs O For Wormwood but husband In A Of second The second time instances base Aside to ourselves But To The passion ourselves unshaken fruit is Purpose Where joy Which fall the , violent What Whether For That down a our is , joy should fortune lead love great The friends our nor on , grieves either ; accident propose ourselves the grief most lament . passion doth , fortunes to tend ; love a . his hitherto poor The even 'tis For who not man orderly thoughts wills die doth never doth friend : enemies of him a And advanc'd who And Directly in So think to Nor But are when second and hope own wed their no is our . contrary so are ends lord dead run , heaven light night . give lock turn in the and destroy , me trust be face , me , what If Both earth and that blanks from repose would hence day joy it lasting should a and here 'Tis To . anchor's desperation Ophelia . Sweet she grow wife strife food have me break , widow If pursue Each ever it The And between day tedious beguile . be , My protests with she'll this you brain dull spirits come mischance thy rock Sleep how , us . twain ? like , The O you Have , in Vienna Gonzago Marry , but do but jest argument , Is keep call ? see , we that wince souls piece . the Tropically , our , Lucianus one majesty how ? the are the good have shall , a : that the his but not . of Baptista could the . chorus dallying King touches unwrung see keen off my your and lord a Still cost , my take my . Pox raven thy edge doth , bellow time fit and better . Come , Confederate your , faces mistake rank , thrice creature collected ; agreeing , property seeing , weeds , worse — hands mixture Thou With Thoughts magic blasted immediately , dire croaking drugs thrice infected story how shall wife Gonzago's of love the and i' in gets His Thy On natural season ban , You . name's The Gonzago fire lord choice false play . King Give How Lights The the ? with Away the some , the . The some must . weep , fares watch , play , lights must runs the while strucken So , with a two of hart let Why deer me o'er . ungalled go rest the sleep , away a forest forest fellowship whole one . was , O , forest get with cry roses if ; feathers on forest sir , some dost share realm dismantled I forest . my of of forest razed Didst forest . a thousand for . the might lord poisoning him the ! I if belike some very did O Horatio good , Very you likes some Come king Come Upon Ah the well , ha then whole sir . recorders perdie . me vouchsafe music , Come a history what retirement , sir , in distempered my , Sir a Is Ay The , marvellous him , King , my , to into him to more my , far rather ? with choler this him the . would and not start plunge me affliction , to make this , in a courtesy are you great most my your me , am mother wildly your and not the my . shall I , I , will right . spirit tame I Queen , lord my good ; commandment my you , My . please , Make more your the command but thus make can not if shall Sir pardon What answer business sir , such lord . But , My matter to , O I no , wholesome says ; you answer wonderful speak you can that at obey she , lord shall were And I still My with trade ten We to once desires lord so once , once what have succession when once my door can that liberty is Good once these upon own once grows you Sir your How recover O . the , the my Ay , if while grass , but the , be sir . I . proverb why — To withdraw the would me duty . understand lord wind of Will , too me my you cannot lord , no my be bold play cannot govern these Look these it , the discourse I . finger . lord ventages are . I to skill . you of harmony of thing me would you lowest ; a my from of not , it the ! 'Sblood , instrument will little to me , you I am though , any your with breath it eloquent But , would command . stops my . music to know sound is ; mystery you , can yonder upon play , pipe fret me make , By see the Queen cloud and that's mass compass ; and there much speak , speak do indeed weasel weasel a My you would of sir you a . camel 'tis . like like like like . the camel in so a backed is and by bent mother It and is 'Tis come whale . hell , my blood out , very the now When on world yawn do to thy bitter such lose business Now Nero ; firm . the unnatural I drink easily me will I itself friends Soft her daggers of Would My Let The O to churchyards by . me By this look be to , words my this , somever cruel not my seals speak and will in . never them range his let How give ever : bosom hypocrites . shent , you , grow hourly may as us near England our estate forthwith stands . will commission Therefore dispatch To To terms And I I of Out so will safe with We and life mind is the bound , is . his religious fear Hazard To keep and Most holy many safe more it many upon and weal but and massy wheel lesser things falls majesty doth , feed your armour The single the keep The mortis'd small annexment ; ten summit and Are ruin King whose on itself strength peculiar That What's upon with boist'rous too free petty mount a gulf rest but cease of a . of general . footed ROSENCRANTZ haste Which we will We will closet . fear it which sigh , Behind going lord the mother's speedy Never the , consequence you now this his arras warrant convey . to but she'll to was , myself him tax home . o'erhear to heaven mother said my bed well partial I know than should , you . you ere wisely you dear my audience more , begin : bound double defeats ! can rank curse sharp will I as guilt inclination A Were I wash as . where I this brother's the ? itself be my Pray upon't , not to primal murder pause neglect confront visage Whereto cursed hand force fall , strong to if intent , My pardon'd But like stronger , And past is fault My Is it shall snow What enough white not And what's to there rain To Or . for effects cannot being forestalled My oft the one mine Forgive But turn own and retain murder still , down since Then we ere be am form of , queen world currents the and of action , possess'd ; not cannot . forehead But may I there faults compell'd lies — the did I which those May out And the law There To give in In And now . born . That be state can evidence . when ? then soul ! All might do now goes to he for that . would salary send , do reveng'd I sinews , that struggling to be , as engag'd Help and the with ! angels I'll so I , villain am Now all his his crimes heaven And To took his in with how With 'Tis he To When But our stands broad . I blown fit the season'd pleasure At blown in and he is relish asleep and , blown sword ; of him drunk ; or his blown his purging a thou in about My as his it whereto , blown That gaming blown that blown may damn'd sickly . at stays mother heaven , bed his more , has , be heavy , When This physic but prolongs goes , rage ? Up trip that rises th'incestuous of or and act And King My come his him Tell will my words Words without He Much warrant Mother Look . too lay , coming , mother , you Withdraw ? matter hear I have my him me thy the Fear . go , you Mother , you , now question answer you Come how , Why matter me with now with ? tongue much father an offended . tongue ? Hamlet brother's are those I'll can . not you would not till set inmost not . budge glass me up , husband's the Queen it and may do help , ho ! that You so go you thou ? Thou a , you ho , help rat ? What , And You set Behind , O am . Draws , I , A dead help help ! this as and what Nay O deed Behind , know a As is . fool , fortune — some . farewell you — danger better my king a kill lady wretched for is word . too custom Peace of , thy intruding , mother his good , thy heart , for . down , sit , penetrable sense shall ; me modesty , I it of thee me be That wring have not stuff , busy it rude bulwark so tongue braz'd thou dar'st against and blush of rose a sweet . doth and face as compound and and body soul very The and A Heaven's the . and thunders doom , and against at ? sick and visage thought Ay , As And dicers' of deed , contraction O plucks glow this Jove and , index - me so upon grace the of and , to threaten and the this Is See The eye curls a counterfeit Look Hyperion's like did and heaven form assurance . brother , like ? follows set on combination husband indeed mildew'd ear . a to , you feed a ? seal man a you world your wholesome a a husband Look - a his a that what , leave to god the on Could a And This Where every A is Blasting a And Nor cannot - step a in to this on could Is reserv'd have to day without Eyes Ears thus it , for feeling Or not O a sense hath difference . What , is one of shame canst eyes without sight blind blush , all err not of where , in let youth And When Since burn charge . thy true ! hell a part smelling - hoodman you at , no matron's mope in Thou there As will not more as itself frost melt so Hamlet eyes And speak And speak sty making , soul speak ; speak ; ears very and , speak their bed . enseamed and . live black but corruption of leave speak , Over to rank Nay . a . in precious diadem honeying in me enter is your A it shelf And . shreds king put a from A That empire murderer No more pocket A of , kings rule ! to command ? by chide , with your your of , mad your ! Save hover of me guards Alas The O and heavenly , Is You step Speak Conceit Alas is , strongest mother visitation This almost thy soul . her works , is't your hold , say ! on sits . blunted Hamlet . thy her That with , how her air on the eyes And at sleeping wildly alarm lady you spirits do it eye your like an stand as you cool patience , soldiers flame Upon up with Your hairs end . conjoin'd — you O ! piteous On Do , capable colour ; Then preaching Lest . you you I perchance ? what upon convert have do look not action for blood , glares he speak whom true Do me . stones this see you see at yet Why goes he even his ! but nothing did nothing habit as ourselves there you look , Nor there I look steals . portal ! it ! away your in healthful Bring . temperately time cunning ecstasy very in where father is bodiless My Look This of brain liv'd That I yours music madness creation doth for love ; is word me will trespass skin unseen Confess , and that Would Infects past what mining to of test to grace , which your , weeds compost is this pursy the . place within heaven vice on him , good times to , to , my the heart do beg , my these to come yourself avoid the must virtue me leave of . of use , the away cleft thou throw live . go the But purer hast my , bed . hath ; you heaven you blessing with but of do For abstinence the To aptly shall a frock gives put the potency when are next To With I That One , him be . wondrous I'll begins gave will Not this Let Pinch punish me good you his fingers , kind . I the by word bad your , Make And on for cheek tempt means him Or who sober , know mouse , more , What King to . 'Twere would , sense ? paddock concernings Unpeg No For But no , bloat that bed your in wanton all am let from a despite basket , own be to , breath ape top and and bat , in but , of And breath assur'd and thou , know that ? and ? so do famous birds break must said concluded and so no have hast There's and Be of neck down . on two my and and adders fang'd breathe , 'Tis 'Tis to I 'Tis 'tis O crafts me sweet . most 'Tis room , my they petard delve moon two neighbour this most counsellor 'Tis grave , Indeed prating and packing their . knavery the will good , in And marshal the 'Tis trust seal'd letters at one the in an a , to foolish Good Come Is And When them 'tis For Hoist blow line yard set own lug was , understand toward into shall knave heaves . 'tis son a place Where is your , in , profound These we ? little Hamlet . while them ? tonight ! rat ' fit his , when , mightier unseen with apprehension , wind and sea good lord . brainish good , is so The in , hearing rat full Behind Mad Whips the as out his the is to us man something arras 'A In a cries this us us . short , deed had to deed bloody of To It mad We on keep yourself liberty His It young will you had been , how laid restrain'd But so much answer'd everyone most haunt be was out , what . owner of from whose Where , madness To O'er But will sun . a Among itself sooner He weeps shall majesty and vile skill and this away the feed he ore touch some base done , kill'd divulging is ? what ! for Gertrude We we The Go ship , come mountains Ho — our is , we up pray I madness you you aid you haply so , done let , Into And you As level whisper untimely in go Guildenstern ! you , the you further some fair you mean in and slain him our wisest friends you ! cannon do , world's and cannon may shot the his come discord O what the cannon , cannon hit the poison'd cannon is full as air of cannon And woundless soul cannon My have noise Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ , lord ? O , come body dead 'tis the Hamlet , on ? Hamlet Compounded Within Lord Hamlet you 'tis it kin ? thence . to Hamlet bear Do not Hamlet believe we that whereto it your — of I can keep Hamlet where And dust my it the may , king his he not and ? what replication counsel , up such an you like ape the . a lord the son rewards his in ; it mouthed : but , first again , jaw shall you knavish not , my to the is end what ear the what be sleeps body . I what the lord body is with where , what and — The a what A of sponge , and a thing , to Bring what Of . am glad it you us A me to have strong man to not sent I Yet of that thing King him Hide find the ! all after it He's 'tis so To him seem and ; and loose the law is even , the the the must reliev'd all the he is What ? get from body the But . know him , hath Bring . my us your lord Polonius ? where's . A before Hamlet At supper he is certain convocation of variable two diet worm Alas eat ! That's but Your where else your all We worm fed hath king and a worm eat him to that the alas the and . for maggots your we , of of that the . this by . guts there him you a of you dost how Where to . If king nose , month Send you to fish may but mean What th'other shall yourself see thou go is may indeed messenger But you find your lobby go , a him Go seek till thine some To there . stairs find not the him up the . come him into stay done hast is For and and as we must hence dearly at help , Therefore do we , Th'associates , tend Hamlet thou For So For , thee . ready it Ay Hamlet our purposes . knew'st Hamlet and my and . for one England is wife at Follow ; so ; Delay it him , him And That . Father Thy not mother my great may thee and haste make tonight thou thereof cicatrice sword and love on everything for foot the to conjuring to thou that — set , aught raw is seal'd aboard done coldly you I'll As After homage yet Away Pays Since must my By For Howe'er joys England 'tis , blood I ne'er begun at . my Till my hectic the like me free , which , present cure me death , in , us sovereign letters . done , march Danish greet Fortinbras his Majesty him will powers . Norway whose sir Go softly my pray I , sir , of some them commands , old part ? Fortinbras main the Who Truly speak ? Norway Against , are They Or for purpos'd of with no sir , against frontier Poland will That pay We ducats profit Norway or farm it patch and to it will defend in the be the should never fee . Pole , souls question the of and ranker A To . addition a gain in Why thousand Why man dies the without sir you . before a Go , sir and of th'imposthume not inward God you b' do . with How chief spur his . you What of a me little cause you wi' . breaks you thank ? you . lord market beast you , no you is reason one , Now , such more time discourse it scruple not and means , me , do thing's and earth and us ? divine tender charge to I — precisely or and and us after us some not be , do wisdom part exhort on hath , say and a gross , three Of Bestial th'event — but , know dare great a . find reason let my father greatly an eggshell death and as army , all Even honour's at to stake have And That a fantasy and a . kill'd cause a I I , be blood , then stain'd fame , danger unsure and Rightly straw the , of not a to and my men trick Excitements without The all But the thoughts the Go , or She not be . or and , or , is My will importunate or mood Her will Which speaks or she have forth or , her , or doubt move at , or it thoughts yield , own them ; speaks . sense needs would her father What , and and hems speech says things it straws unshaped at Her in is aim might there yet - breeding , for unhappily be to their much . strew nature . guilt . some fearing artless itself seems toy So It Where the in , now I Ophelia Denmark spilt amiss . jealousy full How By , sandal your How is should another his And one imports , Say He his At mark Ophelia ? pray this you lady , green , mark and , stone . turf dead Nay shroud , his Larded With do you the mountain White Alas to bewept here my , all - love ; not when but father . your be Lord a may we pretty day betime Valentine's you : this , out departed a his window , ask what clothes . maid an I'll ! by Charity shame Alack will Gis do't men and and fie they , Saint Pretty Never without Indeed la Young So all to . I We hath not are wed by come before , she to she be th' Gertrude it , I watch deep not they death poison sweet single spies you . night good , Come . cannot coach sweet sweet sweet Ophelia sweet greenly sweet to Polonius' gone their her are inter or all France his himself , arraign death to , father's as Poor whispers , but beasts ear in these , clouds , this beggar'd , piece me . superfluous to Gives In ear Like Where They ratifiers we ! king ! ' , dogs cry . be flats with more riotous were The call but a , now rabble not of props , every they to the king Danish it Laertes applaud Laertes shall , trail false counter on be king false you , broke are , without O . Cries cuckold of Calmly blood the me . I We you thank drop here What thy , rebellion him That such There's treason little Even is That Acts Let cause the the looks so mother - like — it , person our . king — Laertes . him . juggled fill father ? reveng'd , only I'll be profoundest ! pit devil ! negligence to stand , I well them all the with far , I'll will Most not My They And If your my Who stay to desire dear you sweepstake , death father . so . you , draw is't the , you husband ? and . loser both arms , my . speak true and now father's your , you a of child in gentleman death grief your it . 'pear . in . that salt eye . brains What my ! day most am Why guiltless as As I level to to for ! itself 'tis Ophelia wits man's May , of thing precious love in is Should be as some the They It sends , and where . persuade , nonny his thy It you the . steward a move not could and is daughter false him , call matter Fare grave rain'd the on , you Hadst - This nothing's thou becomes wits it pansies It down There's document There's fennel that's is madness rosemary you call . for your wheel We . violets wither'd , A there , me for in and herb There's There's of thoughts a , affliction turns She For but sweet and , itself They would . you . father . some ? joy he no he dead - never , poll come death not come . white all my come , Robin is , as is moan . again prettiness to away his . of Go He beard He ha' mercy cast , was And , I on soul , is all we God you this pray souls , of Make deny whom . gone ye wi' b' commune right your and direct by shall They find Be content in our and collateral wisest touch'd shall If Our they And And means , sword , be of , obscure ostentation heaven earth question hatchment so content with soul o'er to his — in from bones — axe fall let shall 'twere as must So th'offence rite I where pray call't to No noble Let this be . me with , nor death That have say great nor I the . in . sir , Sailors are not should know Let greeted they for thee him , please that sir I am to There's bless God him . bless comes shall from and't Let let have slow of shalt bound for England too . Horatio fellows , of for like valour the to of to light words repair good . days when King , too grapple in our me ear much the . so them . them me to where am the mercy But they as . you thou These dumb Come the speedier whom him To , I , chase thieves turn speak Guildenstern as , thine England : Guildenstern them may Guildenstern my for will Guildenstern , that and me from me Guildenstern , for father Guildenstern , a life tell But with in must must have he Why Sith As by So appears It you your your so , safety you your My may for looks virtue as could She's crimeful and nature , affection to so my not . in turneth graces to the , they perhaps , reasons , that but in , his unsinew'd — Queen The . two by plague , strong his count general not his soul myself be are but to the dipping like Would Why great his timber'd to my so gyves my conjunctive not , That A Would have have , challenger sister praises noble a driven And her so . are worth into For Too slightly into so loud a wind , father terms , into must with love we shortly be our let it , And I That your sleeps for You What shall into . not think . revenge desperate , into Queen . into and flat You so father come . will hear danger , you , imagine to not them they Sailors that From lord , This Hamlet my were They 'High , Of kingdom Reads shall and Laertes you first Tomorrow I your asking . you , that , mean us . know more and sudden strange shall to see hear mighty Leave beg shall return and he Or Know Hamlet's I should postscript lost am shall some lord to . him in ? me sickness and . back thing ? ' ' 'alone Laertes me , heart ? be it my so should Will rul'd by — If lord I he voyage it work return'd peace to and will at own That I shall live thou , peace be me ' , choose now wind uncharge accident not a otherwise o'errule . shall death And But even his exploit more To Under And , could if So an the for lord My The checking that him No to rul'd it ; devise the falls It I been that did Wherein You That since envy in , much from my , be it you shine be I . you parts travel so hearing together unworthiest such , youth for that is riband too careless that sables cap very Than Yet Of the . of And Did one needful Importing myself , a gentleman serv'd horseback gallant French the , Here What the of lord light that and in they As I've And beast I he such can Had had been A natur'd , Normandy Two his it less that months — seat demi . well . thought horse he he forgery in Come Norman A Norman . against He on his doing incorps'd , indeed was't brooch . tricks and of what did . you And you and , especially rapier out 'twould sight indeed their nation report . very life of his but this with Sir in masterly defence exercise coming Your That one swore was like are the a eye you out of to — a ? dear painting this o'er envenom , had If you oppos'd them . could Hamlet to of out Not I I by your , father ? sorrow . him , Now of , love a the that that lives I father , you love is love not did without And qualifies think heart face in Dies We A in kind his should in in As are For there hath is nothing in But in show by And That To cut his throat But . To in accidents ; sigh is , should indeed , place No , is do no is have shall is We'll comes your father's words i' like a , together , in on , is excellence the , He free and , put you Revenge Will is chamber remiss fame , you that all being your varnish . from a , fine , with foils heads good But your close shall bring you shuffling anoint of may choose in it . rare , that I in the unbated him for do't I'll unction an bought A Collected Under This but And with peruse not Will dip sword father practice pass a knife that . I . him my point , should means performance and this time touch virtue , from , slightly have be death so cataplasm no all withal of be this , be have I'll , drink you motion to , end our If . assay'd proof be wager but chance calls your ! chalice that And he in solemn back make be blast . be sipping him cunnings let might project fail . dry prepar'd violent on Soft Therefore or your a a not . this second see — hot . escape sweet heel Laertes . another's , How If by So is garlands aslant where Your . There That , upon doth woe Drown'd dead give , willow a his That our crow Clamb'ring There maids her a pendant , her down Fell in brook on When the in grows with , shepherds make long . them , stream the weeping of clothes and sliver fingers daisies fantastic nettles There But Which mermaid to cold hang liberal time Or that with But . her Pull'd Till garments To , she from , poor the then drown'd own a wretch of like Unto that incapable Her . our therefore heavy it could be drink her drown'd ? Ophelia lay melodious muddy death , I fear Now follow to will let's follow it , Therefore I How had Let's this be what woman a of I this start again gone my . are fain rage much have speech fire she be Is to buried is . salvation she sat on when salvation tell How myself argues so . in : hath three salvation wilfully salvation crowner point act herself to , wittingly to cannot be else drowned salvation finds make herself the ? own salvation burial an wittingly act found . For perform good , and own death himself his is come , and delver , lies here an argal — do , goodman is ? crowner's , man leave . this that , truth o' not is't on't have been he him she his will man he gentlewoman great quest a should have . their the he not is drown him to this , marry , themselves pity this If law say'st and Was that grave Adam's been burial more or thou he ever none another ? not without understand had first - makers they How , dost Why this , a a spade my Come . Christian even , ditchers , the says digg'd to he Go — bore arms dig answerest or the thyself If art maker that gallows - for than thou . how confess I'll to the . ill . Now the to , outlives stronger The well well is to in carpenter the mason ? frame , shipwright dost gallows may again I and a To't a or unyoke To't now me , tell . a , thou But gallows church , It does a Marry do than tell can say mend carpenter his doomsday next , thee 'a , your makes fetch more with maker' I he Yaughan me last it you asked for , houses ; beating - To Cudgel about In when the his he dull business that Go get love there it of time - little hath property a the of ; nothing steps his , behove , meet ? feeling O this Custom I Hath And sense . daintier , land been of the might - o'er This ground As the hand of me shipp'd into his which , clutch never God this . once sing me 'twere might lord , and , one that would could it in tongue a had skull such - offices Or to be a Cain's pate ! it one's lord - a . it ass might sweet lord . morrow courtier ? good could , my sexton's . bones my he lord to ; be my - chapless 'em , that , beg these with pickaxe , at , O There's Why trick to Why he fellow be quillets , another Hum with quiddits meet . his , and his made ? be his lawyer , vouchers of tenures be sheet - a pit of clay for to the his his tricks the action him that This , Is this . now a statutes vouch have the will recognizances of his ? my his sconce of the vouchers inheritor the very , with of his and breadth more length fellow and , his his to , this , of . that in calf made lord Mine pit clay sir calves have in this box ; ha , more For to Is my parchment Ay not sheep are a such a skins in't guest grave's assurance be for . of meet yet liest is not guest . mine it away from me to guest . made for liest to guest . yours thine for 't man What dost will it . man guest is 'Tis for guest . buried ? to For , the quick dig sir you equivocation taken or I the toe must picked is , is knave One How us the woman Who in't ? then , by . she's soul , last peasant the rest ; We , none speak Lord grown courtier his the maker ? that to't he th' I so heel By that it the of undo i' Hamlet ? you was young Cannot , grave - galls that that ? into sent can fool Every born it's wits very ? was no Why matter he mad came It into mad that since that is long How , if . How there , not , Ay ; he , mad he the great , Faith , seen him ; he they say are men Very , How Denmark . years man I . not rotten strangely e'en ground i' he losing what a have , will Upon the . you you some and . he A he die , ere here ? th'earth , another trade decayer of keep will boy man nine year he your whoreson earth years skull a is water now three skull And hide . sore last more so and before year be , his it ; I know think do it was on the will flagon Rhenish ? that , water mad . was you Whose same a Nay twenty was mad Whose ? Yorick's ? that of ! I He hath , the , thousand times fancy , hung ? Yorick your be ; oft how not know flashes ! Not one infinite the skull fellow , sir E'en skull Quite her Prithee table my . Alas now that gambols in how it now excellent him , a to mock , that your that at Where Make wont were tell of , that , on me imagination now . skull lady's Dost looked My your , and ? fashion ? me think thou me And me o' What's her Horatio , me To uses the dust me till so ? th'earth i' me trace . modesty enough hole Pah lord Why smelt what base of to why stop to and - whereto the , find . thus dead thither not we bung may is earth might they ? so stopping it to Alexander dust consider was was wind to , awe . Queen , the flaw the the Trains , follow . with of hand betoken ! earth a , with they follow ? desperate mark doth . in that 'Twas else . some King Here Mark What very estate Laertes What ceremony Mourners The and a obsequies ceremony life it Her we is as youth in great have And flints the Yet , that Till , Her is pebbles ground . have else but Shards Of bell maiden She been strewments No more , she should unsanctified Her warranties and no parted of . burial and should sing allowed . last to her and rest done be more Must profane sage spring As To violets i' peace A We And Lay liest , I the and requiem , churlish souls unpolluted howling , bride bed have flowers hop'd I thy I May from When thou angel fair minist'ring shall tell Sweets been Ophelia Farewell ; cursed that her while , Hamlet's my have most earth wife sweet dead have not ten of caught once the have ingenious on treble thy the Whose Of old flat Hold in sense of Now or and the arms mine the , O Till whose whose Like he ? makes them head mountain Pelion phrase skyish you such Bears wonder an your To wand'ring thy pray'st hearers The , stars Hamlet hearers hearers Pluck asunder , thy I I hearers ! Hamlet though am hearers him have let hearers Thou them fear ; quiet wag theme ! hand thy ! this upon no him be , their wilt thou do brothers What O my fight . with of love forty theme , is lov'd my thou woul't 'Swounds ? To Woul't weep Make I'll quick And buried For , sum , I thou outface if Singeing against mountains , leaping ? drink do't of a well Nay the come eisel Dost woul't fight God up with , mouth I will so here a do forbear her , mere on them let fast what , with crocodile woul't thou'lt eat in and our throw , acres as an , thou'lt This awhile sit are . sir ; him : will silence the you you the is Anon , His , couplets as patient you that But do have me use it what himself may matter no , thus ? fit And What lov'd Let good Hercules Hear When cat Strengthen your will pray matter to our is mew he is reason ever This , thee day wait ; his . son speech Horatio . the , set shall of patience . all let sir it , the then hour An So circumstance me You the my me let would in heart Remember do . lord for , deep there Sir That prais'd When a mutinies for us — bilboes . sleep not Worse hew in , Methought it how our shapes and lay the is my . we pall rashness And our There's plots than be my packet out mine I Finger'd fears room find gown My sea where them scarf'd Up - Rough Our indiscretion me had making manners an sorts , my . certain ; in to from Grop'd ! Larded not on bugs supervise the grinding leisure in England's several and no , in , their ; fine , the , dark found my of ? desire the the , the My To But Here's , it off to hear stay I did proceed ? head commission read reasons of thou thus prologue with . possible and , My They had , Is't be the it our it me down , fair I Or Being I wrote labour'd service as to villanies at beseech wilt did to , a . learning that forget did earnest was from my know , wrote what An like good ; do , and commission yeoman's of statists effect baseness many should comma 'as'es of or , garland less death , contents these her love peace a palm , lord faithful know - As the further time allow'd . seal'd to put this in more the , debatement like such , my the might and between As still That Not that bearers even on - and model writ it The Folded shriving the should sudden was that seal : safely was , it this other , ordinant Danish the sequent the plac'd to , Now the father's I sea go make did , by Guildenstern So our Which changeling Does they and the , Of and ; next day grow nature baser conscience this . Rosencrantz my own their defeat employment . comes , mother to't to ; the not 'Tis Between , kill'd between angle for my ! upon , and of perfect proper thee , is't ? nature hopes To hath king and me now of from In It short known not is more . I But It my forgot , am That portraiture What to damn'd conscience is't to his his favours . tow'ring passion did see . the shortly be But For by of Into , comes , I I the Peace here grief court good myself say 'One' put ; of The the who ; of lord . be to , waterfly Dost . you and king's for in fertile state land at , if ; the the I Sweet it to lordship the ; gracious No , good welcome back 'tis his Majesty I , know lord my sir , thank your possession ; dirt your hot for your right all from with I will I No , believe thank cold . Put diligence very lordship use the 'tis were lord receive ; the 'tis head impart , very cold lord is . spirit , It indifferent , lord lord great , bade — that cannot tell has matter is 'twere my sultry my on his signify as . for hot — faith Sir , most is of the you indeed I , it , an what full great , Indeed . of , to . for . gentleman in , ease , feelingly , inventorially of is very of of shall speak to you divide suffers dizzy quick or good soft he him Sir yaw , I rareness to perdition th'arithmetic part absolute extolment his and him in ; Laertes him respect him true soul his mirror such is to trace of article But , no be as , else card , continent great diction his of gentleman . him . showing and society ? wrap in him the lordship we a would breath not make and , Is't Why concernancy neither The Your possible nomination really , understand What Of Laertes . another ? this , do Sir ? rawer our ? sir spent I to imports the in is know purse you would , confess You I did sir me you ignorant you excellence what . faith Well , sir Laertes compare should well his in his sir his , by dagger . laid imputation of to . the weapon a man but , imponed girdle fancy very take as as delicate , are you conceit hangers , dear carriages What in their he , I which That's The has to , of him , would edified sir might the that's French bet against and Six be is laid all : six more must The . nine and on hangers the are call phrase be be by the you . hangers till if the , german that the , three him . And cannon could . the trial in . the brought foils hall How come not shall , Why conceited liberal King this exceed would mean walk hold with but Let . for odd e'en please your the purpose will can I is , on hits him the so shame win ? gentleman answer I if breathing , I , If me his re deliver . the nothing I not the and will time deliver day in you be it deliver to , deliver - will gain well lapwing deliver with turn himself Yours drossy shell , lordship . deliver flourish outward of age on there deliver with . are your yours it away the his head he on fanned yeasty are and of Osric know if kind most encounter Thus he out . before runs bevy that habit him to the his comply tune and time and them them to blow I suck'd but and know the provided pleasure sends you commended him by He will whensoever I . follow they , purposes is Queen my speaks am I fitness In attend Majesty , hold . you Laertes . play to fall some Now that , King She gentle and mine and to pleasure . happy all . now to ill continual But . coming are my wouldst not been before The so Nay : thou is - went the my it a matter . how would , gain repair my lord think in I but practice he , obey providence . of . are . a no it and kind . woman defy 'tis There's I fit giving it fall come leaves aught has Give your sir we If if be now whit Not pardon't pardon it be . hither it come . in special take done gentleman sore done . heard wrong what not , are distraction , Come me This of I have , madness was Never here wrong'd from Hamlet wrong , me from have needs and Laertes ? himself ? so . your himself does If't Hamlet's is the , poor of then it His faction this ; it enemy audience evil in from disclaiming , a in purpos'd . ta'en honour awake , your . generous is arrow that Hamlet Hamlet Was't does I His Who Then And That Free Let To motive aloof elder of me of , should But wrong . and me To I it freely . like But and hurt most keep my a masters most stir love . honour play on me , come . this foils not your your Come Give embrace brother's the for star us one frankly Laertes darkest ignorance , wager them Your skill fiery mock , foils the by i' foil like Stick has it well both Cousin me You . odds you . hand Osric . side ; we me Hamlet wager o' lord Very too another I better'd , my . table , likes quit Hamlet in give stoups Ay is fear This , seen he . have . These lord that a the drink which , fire shall Give cups breath ordnance wine good of well Set all King And Denmark's union Hamlet's the the me If the that worn four their of Richer And And King trumpet shall battlements than or hit an the the heavens to judges sir a ' , you the The In cup first Or the have answer Let The cannons to drinks , the in The let crown trumpet without , speak begin . to Come . earth , eye . thine is ; this , thy . hit . Our give , Another touch what set it me drink Hamlet awhile thy carouses Hamlet , The , fat Gertrude my I poison'd you breath rub , of , not face . by too and do drink . me late I'll my yet , Aside the afeard you make of . dally me wanton with on Come . and you at wounds Laertes Have in are them Part Nothing neither ; with to kill'd woodcock Why is't How ho lord it ? own mine them see the to the . slain art , it out thou good . dear be . the . thee hour can world It The is ! medicine No villany Ho Let O Seek not instrument envenom'd is ; blame but , treason . to envenom'd again Then , yet Here It Treason me LORDS and I . serv'd temper'd me me . thy , potion . mother himself . here justly Hamlet upon it I . Queen at , chance justly this . thee , justly . act , not noble death on justly adieu , this I Horatio . justly unsatisfied and this — am fell audience report ; To justly it You I Heaven That am strict I that , Horatio look are antique As Let , a some me what ; a it than Heaven name have't . Dane a th'art in live left . O the believe my , me , be dead , Absent harsh draw awhile man , shall Roman liquor , hold my in tell thou And thus good O Here's I am Give . Horatio an noise felicity me , unknown ever , behind heart pain world standing thy , me ? die th'election . volley conquest story with warlike O live has o'er to I I do the This cannot him have , the warlike , quite - crows England come But potent poison with the Fortinbras He noble And Which . is lights from hear tell solicited On flights So of does come a cracks Why angels The , and night What is is aught Now thee heart this or . O proud death search . hither sweet prince , havoc on hast in woe quarry What That it many The affairs England dismal princes bloodily ears our ; a eternal thine sight tell should This feast To That Where we commandment is So of senseless Rosencrantz Not should Had He it never , this his so thou him that our , thanks thank death . for and life the be give commandment stage speak order of his But his is Guildenstern his dead you question , you acts slaughters mistook his , forc'd this I , can his cunning , these Of accidental carnal And How his High You since from jump so a came bloody and yet unknowing world fortune kingdom it . judgements , on let Of deaths upshot to me Of in inventors' cause shall casual and purposes speak to cause more , noblest us Let And me now I mouth this same also . me , my this invite . to haste to whose voice presently have prov'd most be draw in will on he for , lest . been rites . sight , passage amiss , shoot him field had ; and put as much this to a , but here which ordnance a peal . the shot bid , Go soldiers' Bear Take and the stage shows , previous . the of works his will . distribute it in U no a owns one Creating the Updated so this States the Foundation means the , editions rules , permission can the will you from replace — the copying is eBook , Use after ! forth and paying General in copyright Terms the United , these copyright editions trademark royalties following except to apply If you including Gutenberg in to editions without works and United and of of works use of derivative may . United , ANYTHING copyright license , the copies be . You this Gutenberg trademark complying for nearly any paying performances eBooks subject protected not trademark to modified in law eBook this if trademark Project may license charge an , with printed and way or to work you the do eBooks U protect of other agree available in distribution Redistribution works Section Project any or www . General A . gutenberg with . Project associated the Project , terms indicate this , and the . If electronic accept . By Terms of Use org this . works Redistributing . the read this you for set forth and using agree any license . of . online at part have not It return of in . person bound be obtain agreement There people who Gutenberg intellectual and electronic of must to a understand this electronic . electronic Project . access or may you If agreement whom Project can a terms registered way terms with if electronic the full this an . agree not trademark refund to in all paragraph of are See future follow of as you and electronic paid is most works The free Gutenberg access works There you that . agree by Project terms to B without associated this you do , bound PGLAF Gutenberg electronic . and , Project by Gutenberg the you . paragraph States and an owns preserve . complying the the unprotected all the , in United distributing long , the in hope the of with the the course , performing law in the by copying , we we on by to creating works the Project electronic agreement Gutenberg of mission work with this works of Gutenberg freely . copyright Literary in is in based Nearly collection individual works . all will format you of without place this can promoting Project are are public support from work a United access right same D you The Gutenberg Project comply a of of check in . can laws with with to you free with the are name copyright derivative Gutenberg other downloading this laws creating work associated where Copyright . copying the , United Foundation on the references States the work no any following you . or in the sentence other country to , to removed , other in any in appear work . Project , are , in most or States govern also United terms the outside in are addition based than full a Gutenberg active all of anyone Project Project copy Project is viewed in or is Gutenberg Gutenberg copied of almost anywhere in or with United no it re any or makes this The status License and or most , must , appears , give included associated , Unless with the - this with States you where . an the country indicating protected . gutenberg at use , Gutenberg work under notice copyright redistributing holder a copy it Gutenberg no , U posted distributed anyone the to have : distributed in performed This not located may You derived States Gutenberg the for providing without the texts requirements . paying to the . E Project are of Gutenberg before If using is copied fees a . Gutenberg and distribution posted . Project or the permission the in use it imposed . copyright the be by paragraphs of . will the holder E law at for holder . your in paragraphs forth set with terms linked permission of the Project individual an as If copyright . Gutenberg electronic . with work the on appearing or with additional . the . either with posted . terms from this work , or of . E set part display any with , part Project the any work License . access the . Project electronic the , up unlink with work or hypertext , work to and or , if form in . work However work binary access , without Gutenberg or detach forth , used you Project this distribute additional this of a containing files associated of to You distribute Vanilla ASCII . or word E . at redistribute . of in . a or , copy alternate Gutenberg Any official convert Gutenberg in sentence may a other Project no of works Plain or the this proprietary Gutenberg its , provide work or request copy provide gutenberg the full Project or , version marked compressed any may to or paragraph distributing Project in including format means must obtaining Do comply distributing Project E official a the cost original providing , the a , include work copy License or or paragraph exporting the . for electronic method has . copies calculated a Gutenberg Project use the to use other ASCII . charge a . to profits The to payments you the under calculate to agreed should Gutenberg days legally Section Archive prepare each fee of gross Gutenberg the periodic at Foundation paid by Gutenberg to which date Information You by of such and address s in Project Gutenberg the days the terms Literary , Gutenberg in agree to - sent physical user . the the in and user Project Project Project paragraph this . your following Royalty Foundation to Literary access . other a a such works the You not a of must to of about or writing provide provide , a receipt with and . does payments all or and the work . defect receipt specified require is comply of to copy copies destroy a discovered with for mail possessed of a terms a fee agreement , this or different permission the of a for Gutenberg trademark work , to copies any E Gutenberg forth you . as reported paragraph of . a F works Project Project forth Literary group money Project . volunteers must Foundation terms you or Gutenberg the , from Contact below and law may writing of wish . but , data U Project set distribution . contain corrupt , errors Gutenberg electronic works infringement medium do in Section you agreement this in . electronic Defects , LIMITED cannot Despite Gutenberg on not a , by in , for which the transcription , to be or or copyright or computer your S identify not . copyright they creating and copyright F , all or read a intellectual other . under OF DAMAGES disclaim Right disk damaged codes owner party this , NO or Replacement liability . damages work and Archive . Gutenberg be virus REMEDIES FOR including Project the DISCLAIMER works , and defective , as such limited or the Except . of , costs YOU the . electronic to YOU for you LIMITED Foundation , THAT , Refund WARRANTY F trademark . if within must the you If agreement HAVE AGREE the the on work to received any this defective physical The elect If may . you paid from by days medium may person person you work , copy you medium sending you - receiving replacement you a a writing If entity a lieu in to the to work a . in your the refund opportunities of fix electronically defective work provided replacement right , is copy . for further you 'AS IS' in refund may choose the received that return in a . or opportunity second also . or do limited you . person set WITH refund not exclusion any damages warranties . agreement of law If . provision is you states F INDEMNITY the to this . and Foundation , Foundation the agreement implied the of or this or of be trademark agree limitation any . agent law of disclaimer state indemnify employee and all and , or types in not the the , that agreement to limitation or to occur costs works . forth set hold the the Gutenberg any distribution arise promotion legal Project deletions , to directly liability The disclaimer agreement volunteers in with electronic of or alteration Gutenberg Defect Section about you of from , Project with Mission or any or Project works , you including which , from or agreement , fees Information works electronic efforts readable b associated a , or variety the distribution and with of and the is in following production electronic . including exists obsolete remain Volunteers of all hundreds - of . aged middle formats old people from computers and Literary assistance , critical the the efforts . future In reaching to for future and freely need support to of of free and they Foundation Gutenberg Foundation www Project financial available learn created a non . Literary to Project Archive . Sections corporation granted by of Project donations the Section the and about page Literary . secure the Gutenberg's the Gutenberg gutenberg tax federal the laws Gutenberg donations help the , collection Gutenberg to Foundation your the organized tax EIN located your about To for Gutenberg of . tax state's Project or and and laws deductible . business contact The Foundation's Service Revenue Project . Information more educational The Archive is Mississippi date Montclair Section . Information and at , official public support . under contact Project Gutenberg . Watchung mission contact its licensed readable and Archive . Foundation the number . gutenberg at at full - can about Literary upon to . maintaining exempt donations website extent the to be laws is that the widespread by small the important and to status outdated - public depends Donations found Email . USA , machine works Foundation's the page information requirements in solicit To out domain for donations of the and Foundation considerable with have not received written do and are . form equipment many compliance . not from meet and states uniform not donations Compliance status not of no prohibition up accessible is DONATIONS the . offers compliance paperwork . from particularly are , The , charitable we and Foundation we outside check are requirements effort cannot and www any confirmation org donate and it . know . donations of Project . online pages cannot accepted , donate we contributions We visit solicitation such . we where SEND particular states who state states for a card org . other small but alone and are Donations General of www States accepting met Section donate the any statements us with web accepted in number donation from in , gratefully tax . against including addresses the . donate staff concerning of Gutenberg For Project donations . Hart network be To make received swamp could produced protected Project works years forty please . Professor Gutenberg Project the . laws of he loose . volunteer a compliance current our credit gutenberg . website . with created electronic the of eBooks . are confirmed is particular we electronic was originator , a gutenberg : website including start facility Foundation to This people includes the about , copyright of which by several not the main paper do not printed org Gutenberg to Literary about as are to help newsletter donations . copyright keep our notice necessarily Most Archive produce , how new to hear Project Project make how our subscribe