Who's live Long me . answer Stand Stand Stand now Stand this struck most Barnardo Stand ? the He Stand . Stand Stand 'Tis And For rivals a Have you Well If of do I O has my place Barnardo of . night hath honest Give good ! piece What , Horatio this . says Therefore to watch our Horatio I of entreated have dreaded That this minutes seen of him , again ? have not this sit down our your to . awhile again down hear night that's , then . off figure same , In scholar , Horatio wonder it and Mark me harrows King where comes dead that's . time warlike charge thee stalks . buried speak , offended ! speak ! not will something Horatio ! this What Without ! sensible own the to ! I : had ; an in on . ice hour . art thou Such Thus But the Norway angry the combated he sledded the So sit what This particular , the , of sweaty : the this Sunday of divide be night that joint toward - not might Doth even goes can now by appear'd inform is't the the image you know , by most which our him , lands ; side this this on by life , heraldry a by and the moiety Fortinbras same cov'nant return'd young , Fortinbras and some enterprise , full ; his competent the Now King , to a , of the , is which to here and Norway , lawless diet and appear recover well of in't compulsatory lost Is source this Of the up skirts of list stomach doth it hath And father main our motive . terms I Of by The That mote the A little it is palmy the most was and the question trouble tenantless the moist streets dead ; star fell Julius mightiest dews empire and the mind's this other of portentous wars these state of Rome , illusion Stay . it earth , to , and be countrymen earth demonstrated fates again earth voice , done grace earth avoid , earth earth earth thy oft spirits you earth ! uphoarded , and Marcellus , at it For 'Tis ! speak air . violence being it is our blows , so here , crew a I it , The cock summons . his then to the 'Tis as the when , speak cock and ; with Doth And Upon a To crowing that probation cock herein sounding the guilty have to - truth or spirit in thing his heard fire trumpet earth of Saviour's This of say , singeth , dawning . the , or and . confine No say nor night . charm believe . time to stir planets hath then all celebrated long in is no power part mantle eastward life him . morning duty . I and , acquaint find , Voltemand and dear brother's , Laertes it know ? to our fitting most befitted whole our and grief green kingdom discretion nature on our queen discretion brow discretion Hamlet discretion one , be discretion contracted with woe our discretion ; discretion . discretion , eye a state , ourselves of discretion one with nor , delight freely our young worth frame , dole have which For disjoint and late supposal weak our . that along dear of know you a our by state hath Now You Lost the , valiant ourself , impotent Norway the Thus much most business for bed young purpose the we are proportions further and , of this you , subject nephew's his Cornelius full herein and and personal old more , VOLTEMAND your CORNELIUS things , with to the . allow articles we : heartily nothing what's , of the news , mouth thy ? father heart , France to return , to I thou willingly show I though whence To From He I Upon laboursome you hour best now And But Aside Not . and , it thy fair , than more the I , ever noble common through madam , Ay If it Nay ! so it know , it Passing , windy alone madam , Seems not suspiration fruitful haviour cloak inky my the nor the me are that within and 'Tis To But father That sweet give these and For they These sorrow condolement impious know should Take As A it Is death To heart we Why so fathers against fault For what An we any to , fault theme note son us We woe less which I that with most ; the a nobility in our to of , a 'tis , Be as This pray chiefest Here Let Why But Sits ourself loving Denmark unforc'd heart the . shall heaven away . God into not and this it two canon That How on't grows But Must what That Visit me Let Like father's I My O A Had Sir good name well ! even — see My sir ; report , own are hard follow'd Indeed was Did , furnish Horatio my , thrift ever had lord I Would met seen I see father Horatio . meats . for him saw his again king goodly was he , while may , watch . hear nights the Marcellus In Been Goes slow before them and truncheon's their Appears point exactly dead Armed at his Stand By to Within In the These they the . hands apparition as , comes with and speak each are we ? watch , good ; not more like and in night him . did the true , to not secrecy impart deliver'd them word But was Did , made father your knew I this where platform . away strange sight , troubles . in , my you sirs watch lord did let , you 'tis duty our ; tonight . my you Both . lord BARNARDO and MARCELLUS do Then My Arm'd , my to saw , or red ? constantly long constantly . constantly constantly hundred . like longer . constantly it you . I have had constantly I been much there amaz'd constantly haste Not when was constantly seen , again in it watch walk . it ; tongue no , well though , noble my my hitherto else whatsoever be have an platform 'twixt So your conceal'd I this hap tonight fare ! twelve , understanding it requite will Give And all then I sit foul Your some the , loves father's still in My And And sister hear me Do you , are necessaries convoy , as not Farewell . sleep give winds do from assistant let Forward In and bulk For The , not the fashion a No No Think thews more but not more as grow alone , subject : depends ; you subject be on unvalu'd his not for health voice subject wisdom his saying voice deed Denmark far if subject and your in Than May of subject he Whereof subject give As subject subject for himself ; and Unto It is therefore to he yielding so his the with To his , loss main Ophelia , what weigh , no further is his your fear it importunity my desire , of sister . list danger maid and of your not dear , is prodigal her before morn buttons calumnious of not rear the not of shot the The she the not not their best some steep like not path primrose Himself not to as me As to then blastments not rebels this pastors libertine ; not . comes , keep , brother , grace double second you leave . steel memory no act of his but hast thou them But Those Grapple thou familiar Give each man habit in fancy oft ; rich the purse proclaims the apparel in every thine dull not to as censure express'd But not Costly man's Bear't Are Neither most loses of lender rank best chief be ; true be the man . to this , my it of , you ? said the hath , so , as been audience me Marry told , you something very hath you daughter not my of in do private be it If As hath Of his Unsifted believe Affection do Marry Which — thus — my , Do I teach sterling not you , Or Running fashion you all hath With countenance it to catch to , than light how . lord . do the , soul prodigal vows of heaven know woodcocks extinct blazes , I these heat blood for fire maiden For that tether . are Ophelia , Hamlet rate presence higher a your . a this may he , moment for all : this is unholy of much command And As of Breathing , mere Not But Look you . sanctified so to better in would The I I to charge an ? It is it think It is ? I heard The as kettle triumph swaggering his of and takes my draws phrase takes it swinish height , nations indeed and east west observance a . other attribute , Ay heavy clepe our So for As They More Makes us us some By That Since Carrying The breaking Oft From His As the of dram of doubt . substance the scandal evil , corruption — star as , grace undergo The a comes defend in that Doth particular thou thy speak , Let Why burst their canoniz'd not will Have me ; and What death me ! nature of moon steel complete mean , tell thee , Wherefore beyond you go did it should do this the glimpses and fools in may of again we our ? souls ? removed more courteous do waves It But No you not it means then , to what go Do It not speak , my do not , my lord . lord it . hands Be Hold shall Go , me to follow . thee . brain every fathoms many more Without You And ; Nemean nerve this , go shall fate My And hardy call'd on lets . me . body that follow I'll artery in out cries ghost fit thus . will Have Something . not desperate me , Go ! away waxes say heaven , the rotten , Speak ? it state this Mark me . Denmark . him will direct . go , come further I'll I hour is almost . the spirit father's ? What am the Doom'd Pity me not , revenge , walk to in my days of I - lightest freeze nature word that in , night from thy , thy spheres , part start stars like eyes two thy Like each upon . quills blood particular thy eternal and flesh ears To thy of If thy thy his Revenge Murder ! the thy , thoughts apt thee revenge be ease in thou thy find , best the it this most most the But know't , or to whole of the me a but . the life the crown his so ; stung given I me the the thou 'Tis Rankly not out the duller That thou the know , process itself rots A Is Now my father's beast , power the , youth , dignity with natural poor will was shameful lust decline the , virtuous off of gifts of ; orchard custom methinks . always , within the uncle afternoon of hour secure But let My The of the Holds in With prey on scent the garbage soft porches cursed an as distilment of my ears blood droppings So body about , dispatch'd hand , account posset into tetter . a at once ; but but contrive , bosom her but thy bear most , of by , but crown off No ! my horrible O reckoning all O horrible but ! sent blossoms unanel'd but but but it horrible , not , aught mind nor let act , heaven lodge at heart seat a ; my , there all records holds live brain heaven ! memory pressures past ? memory shall my of volume matter baser thy youth books from observation . pernicious , smile may be set it my . remember ' him . Hamlet secure Lord lord . it , be . Within , boy ! it . it think man once . by my , tell my of But , Nor be heart you'll lord my , lord I you There needs no To villain an , There's HORATIO you'll would — grave — poor shall come from . own . part . my lord heartily . heartily you offence , offend I'm There's but Look These O'ermaster't For you friends , And . soldiers . friends , Touching this now , will request scholars what We tonight . Upon in lord my already . faith stage . in there , Swear . you sayst , Propose the thou , under Never of Come , Ha Swear by Consent that my you . swear to to Beneath et speak Hic Come hither ubique to And Never your of by . but therefore And Than , more ! that you . so stranger in , never in day O as things are How , encumber'd thus pronouncing , such put I As you With , at To perchance odd your heaven philosophy earth this wondrous strange . I bear help so times know' , by antic strange hereafter soe'er an this seeing or arms Or we speak' some of be and and if phrase head ambiguous to at or 'Well As 'If grace know we list Rest not shall what And , Swear Swear . commend spite . together set it you , to friending lips I in together these money my . lord , inquiry Reynaldo Reynaldo sir , where , they more you knowledge his this you do father ' , mean , lord my and come drift means ; of touch expense at encompassment they company you Take That By in , Ay if't so forgeries and my ? please but , Addicted he ; you 'And in part But , may another dishonour him would scandal open the seem they my not , must That That flash A may and savageness The You 'twere Your The Having ' closes ever you to According or with ; man you you you . you country phrase or the 'friend guilty this , you consequence say , he you something about does the you , He youth you breathe and — you so sir 'Good to sir , Very good then was , and ' in so the I to Where . 'gentleman , say , you , day such : perchance ; or , as rouse house forth this wisdom lecture assays and so takes of carp , enter , yesterday with at such a there tennis' sale' of and You , fare you . you his God Observe shall , lord . ply his my him my Farewell . now what , Alas How Lord No Pale hat , shirt with speak thy , not as Ungart'red Hamlet , his and a had his horrors do me by goes the such hand length and ? said he been he , lord My As last would He And took so And so — draw a his so piteous , done That head . is with This so violent so oft our natures so . I words , so of him so passion fordoes desperate itself , command me . better with him mad heed that him is as proper my beshrew . and , sorry but as ; repel access to . thee ourselves But did fear'd . go he and dear This To lack which for in the . Come , hide being we , than known , transformation Something so that th'understanding entreat of ; to we we hasty need that to thus up , himself should both and in here his days I . have Hamlet's . was it you did use th'exterior nor dream young to , to from draw Some so vouchsafe Whether open'd am gentlemen , he sure That he To talk'd of not much so more I whom And much you will good us supply shall . him on aught , to us expend fits king's majesties have into visitation For Your , As with and Than Both your dread sovereign power more Thanks And , I bring And Heavens much changed and instantly Go some where and Rosencrantz you commanded freely service Guildenstern Ay been return'd . lord is and presence our and Have God lord hast of my sure this to or of : good news good brain King gracious — to hold , I Thou Norway from Both my my do it hath my still duty , not The O And that that do His Well father's is good greetings what , fair return , His To be But a your sickness That , he him desires and out to ; age , falsely his against borne hand , he Norway from ; Makes On Was vow Receives To rebuke ; and more , fee herein against in with against , thousand to employ overcome further the , set So And his before , shown , majesty liege It consider'd for , What Why Therefore call , day should night brevity but to be is , is and . the noble to , matter Mad I but to let with less I 'tis true : no use true . I More swear 'tis , Madam he But Mad we us is't What , 'tis . And this , 'tis , figure at art 'tis A will use foolish then cause comes whilst obedience Now duty daughter and the find That Thus I given Who Hath , Came ill it For — a , phrase this from Doubt awhile be will faithful art not , liar . it . reckon , Adieu , me show'd this machine hath This more out she hath think fell they As would As I dear Majesty my had my fain What do you me that think sight idle went thus No me ? think heart upon What might me Or Or If me Or And Hamlet not me she he me me me Thence a Into lightness madness thence then into . her : star gave — declension fast a fruits the , lock Admit Which And should , Do , very ''Tis , Fell may think we all Thence the And circumstances hid , though . I were the may sometimes You he in Here know lobby hours does . state a reason assistant farm , thereon If carters it If If . If leave away Lord . How If Away sadly If try poor If O , give Hamlet - Well If , my God know well would you Not I Then as of very , my a in ten . lord to . man ? lord picked one be lord goes ? a , a was . Aside said to in ? speak truly at And you that . I'll Words my youth again words the matter you Between that that they read ? lord old purging most it if I as backward , the , there air my out happiness ! Aside you . walk it not , which be out am though in't , crab a like method lord madness the contrive are could that Indeed My cannot suddenly so , sir sanity honourable lord that ? I will leave will fools my . tedious life I be madness of most of take not prosperously , withal seek . Lord , part most lord Guildenstern do , is . go Polonius dear To God dear lord dear dear cap we dear the Rosencrantz dear dear dear my my my , her about my my of live my doomsday . have What . my my Prison Then that is in ; Then near goodly , then which Denmark We many o' so being makes ambition think ; it is my confines thinking God , 'tis I hold A ambition but and of is shadow for a not ambition the but a were in are beggars' beggars Shall . Then ambitious Truly , court . ROSENCRANTZ you such in to the like shadows our We'll man way visit To I thanks even poor lord are ? thanks a Is , Come you . you thank you other halfpenny but free , I ; speak for ; lord say purpose What to But of , enough - you fellowship To Guildenstern be preserved ever withal by you , lord , and or What no with , more youth even , But let me . the charge tell you why know indeed earth , My the so and ; late most appears this no . in this excellent goes firmament goodly but goes a angel goes other King not my goes the air than a you me seems goes work the to , fretted goes thing , in like world goes of goes exercises And faculties an What And canopy roof of me And , paragon ? Man delights not you there And , And though And my in such seem to And said 'Man yet ; And I when no if are you lord Why players you lord My , my did that me shall adventurous be shall they — tragedians reputation in the and the ? both the shall verse halt ways I when the means did they , Do grow not rusty ? the These out the top of fashion , question many them now — scarce thither . wearing and , not they come is ? say there are call quills - maintains no should goose the stages so . wonted ? keeps in for't that and they 'em ? they them been to for sin argument bid no they most pursue afterwards make has , unless controversy possible my boys the Do do . it there question and Denmark , lived . if of Hercules is father twenty little philosophy . 'Sblood and could find , forty ceremony Elsinore Your players are picture , natural in give . father the and should , garb are my In But When wind - entertainment and the dear a my north hawk , mad Guildenstern , you too not yet out ear of ; for each gentlemen deceived , That . clouts man is — it . You tell so Mark players indeed Rome . Roscius . you . the . morning actor an in Upon my buzz came , actor his . pastoral historical either - liberty and the of lord more , men the or - too tragical , tragedy for he he treasure ? he he thou he no my he Jephthah daughter he , my he that . lord ? I like it more then pass pious my you , not where thee I like you than . Masters your fly God in cracked e'en We'll straight not of , have welcome . the , altitude thou . masters of row first The It the abridgement will I me , mistress good and last last , by gold me . give falconers ring , was remember I it never if of at acted not passionate . speech cried , there handsome than , tale in matter called Priam's see let , in of it lines the speech : resemble night whose black . did , the with arms see Head complexion horse , Pyrrhus light mothers coagulate , you . hellish seeks . mothers well my mothers mothers too mothers to to arm at short mothers Repugnant at with his drives mothers Priam Rebellious But father finds 'Fore finds God finds , finds spoken Striking lord finds finds finds finds to Which . tyrant th'air For on matter will still stand rack Pyrrhus i' and , ear declining base often to , a a as we the , the seem'd Did see , heavens ; did never less remorse falls than . the Fortune forg'd Now her bleeding ! you work pause All from away as round It Break Mars's And armour , too to come of with or Say Hecuba too fellies heaven . the is too down too As fiends of too bawdry . too queen' is threat'ning . the barefoot too stood down all and upon flames too fear of and diadem in , blanket too Run her , 'Mobled o'erteemed caught for with did see have pronounc'd , good the , sport all she venom a th'alarm bisson Where With , Who clamour instant clamour move them that her make of with Unless clamour things mincing she gods clamour clamour sword the burning in eyes of clamour , them clamour . in's the time Good clamour soon hear of ill . clamour The honour after them while abstracts the players speak better will Use them every to use , you according man Do of this ? Follow him thou Dost lord for You my night hear , deserve they less me . would Can friend . tomorrow Very Rosencrantz well Ay . Follow and night a , so it and monstrous so that rogue b' ye peasant in soul his a in Could That Tears A am I am I conceit aspect in's distraction And ? he What cue the would he have him to weep should Hecuba motive for eyes her force not what this player here , nothing wan'd of , drown her ? and with and mettled eyes mad , Had in , I , he the or , He general the for stage with , the indeed and , muddy whose defeat As by to I the as I am , beard should lungs and blows it my made unpregnant and ears - No me Who across face ? most and liver'd But ! Who Plucks Ha That , upon't I heard ! drab , scene that a unpack , cursing Fie revenge I vengeance , my a A fall , very creatures my scullion About whore brain a have ! my and , words , will father , power ; my these I'll . shape , devil of damn weakness pleasing . like uncle I'll . spirit the yea and this the Abuses me catch of the conscience play's grounds perhaps hath devil , with my , and . this circumstance of on dangerous all from he , thing the . aloof confession him to sounded speak , of ? be by and confess he will no feels distracted means keeps madness on him state to forward some , joy pastime certain that . are the already court of kind a in on did raught - o'er , We Madam Did And To And They him Of the , And gentlemen , Sweet For That he Gertrude sent by accident espials , much . delights these a unseen judge for or thus he , th'affliction of encounter suffers , no he love seeing is his ourselves of him as . behav'd If't And Hamlet's bring wildness your shall I Of your to : here . such show . too Your We walk Is not harlot's him . heavy to my Let's cheek or not O lash more ugly with the thing ! most painted : fortune outrageous sea 'tis a consummation the question ? troubles ? to die respect , of man's long so us give that perchance be is ? sleep , Devoutly ? we ? Must That The The of oppressor's ? a With That patient of . what mortal dreams life delay , us we know that hue those ills resolution , thought all ? have of , thy in now you . day . their of ! my action moment orisons sins yours sins well sins . sins sins sins sins did sins . well breath , unkind to so aught right ; prove sweet their the for when my Are ha My means fair ? your honesty lordship have power better commerce , lord the a for than ; his into Ay likeness , is truly to Indeed not should stock have but but yet ; wouldst was more offences at me my beck . things to fool the . lord . nowhere but thou Be . marry . you given hath you and them , powers restore him ! I all but nunnery , wretched music deject quite of , married already , say ! o'erthrown they here scholar's the and , vows , youth , see I blown of most feature and out form jangled noble and see have Blasted with I he like madness though melancholy . doubt His what T'have affections unmatch'd bells what , danger have : demand And Was Love Nor not which do I Whereon variable the Haply This From We do fashion Sprung heard But To Of I'll all To Your ones him conference grief If please so , Madness speech - if , great pray mouth you crier rags robustious a . Pray Termagant groundlings offends passion , periwig of split fellow capable hear , beget , soul the noise to to a , to such Herod your be . special at the , very nature the anything to up mirror the image . Now laugh one there pressure unskilful which of Christians pressure be highly , men so accent O pressure have had imitated pressure we I pressure thought some pressure . journeymen pressure , that heard neither they , pressure ; his others . humanity let indifferently that quantity those For some reform'd have altogether And them necessary , of there it shows question a most be will sir . clowns your barren ready ? of Go and of my , uses that though be to too in the two you Bid the What ROSENCRANTZ my Here For To That feed No clothe the , dear As not hast revenue Where and dear Nay , hope the hear , dear dear , dear I advancement do what no the dear men for suffering are thanks judgement thee dear soul follow pregnant candied tongue Why ? may one dear Hath are stop she pipe so and thou election been will heart him , that of finger choice nothing are me I my too Something ay . King circumstance foot - death a the thou , comes it play of mine There heart's That Whose Hast they what That sound is To not a not a Observe with itself comment thee Do is my stithy after In judgements playing theft . I , must , the play place . play my , For will eyes aught detecting coming Enter a the And . march Danish A 'scape steal he are to Rosencrantz i' ; fares crammed , was and , I . calf Be , sit . ready him players , do here's that ho O , your your lord ? lord mother . upon . matters . my meant I mean Lady Do I . nothing lord ? my , Nothing my man a lord . and should . my looks What my are merry maker two devil months ago let , twice months , not have a yet do died my lord man's may then outlive , forgotten suit , hours epitaph ; him him Queen in a comes the dead , and passionate a bank again King's . down and comes away carried and is makes Poisoner him O he the ' 'For , unto Lays Anon in him her Queen . his Queen Queen head upon finds . end The gifts . takes to with with . the , the . show to the counsel you I'll the the . the the means not ashamed the ring a . tragedy our naught the are , the posy patiently , stooping or , Here Neptune's thirty Since And our dozen salt So journeys may the bands Hymen twelve with orbed been most times gone love hath times world commutual love Full the Unite woe far I , and it extremity in holds quantity made fear are littlest my doubts grows you , Yet and , count o'er you again Make from fear proof , great hath nothing from or , functions fair in shalt Honour'd grow love love great , to kind and leave powers , confound husband needs O operant belov'd and let who me husband second wed base None Wormwood the that thrift kill of second respects time I but none husband my kisses determine think do oft to we : the . memory now , love . dead bed speak of . break the but sticks the themselves destroy joy purpose propose lose not accident either with grieves should for , on slender . love prove change . lament strange . aye favourite of fortune lack tend aye doth . aye contrary aye begun flies , to aye , aye aye . own wed of blanks the be trust me from lock repose desperation cheer that I and anchor's Each An opposite and a ever , well , I would my in widow pursue lasting , Sweet dull day . If . grow tedious Sleep And she sleep would here thy , Madam protests you never O they but heard The the argument she'll lady , but Is her . too play ? word much no ? in in't ? wife . the image o' but us not that : of see , I could , what his : touches , is unwrung . Baptista work withers are it , nephew my King . the lord if , a between dallying chorus It faces , mistake black rank season Come , weeds seeing doth , begin very Italian Gonzago's You His shall . immediately usurp of choice estate for's natural rises false fire ? wife how anon , infected The story see . fares . hart play ungalled watch the must some , sleep , go feathers roses Provincial away players of in with two cry . world while deer , weep of rest my if on razed sir . Damon now was pound thousand a . Didst ? well . the well . him well well , well you not like not well the perdie well well . him of with , drink , sir ? so him , affair my from , far show wisdom , lord more in your mother , more am tame wildly , pronounce more affliction more it more mother's right the more , more sent more me my do the If your . my , answer of . not return pardon a You this not to lord , make business I , lord wit's the matter hath : son wonderful no Therefore Then can you Make make thus you , more she We , once you of behaviour . a admiration in her can you ten trade of deny . these , still with ? and to your something the friend surely , musty . toil do your lack liberty own if , Ay the , to . Let be , me while see of the the lord if know Believe I My . Will pray play upon will stops are these , of govern do I no : your with . music Look you any breath command these , But you would I utterance make would in this little think I though to top . me me fret can a yet now , compass lord My be my me ; and cannot to would that's cloud speak , you with camel shape , presently camel . a indeed . whale like by . top . by I — mother to my . and easily very , night breathes out . as Soft thy be soul in her , she be nature business could and witching . Leave me , time of drink the itself now this enter . not cruel daggers to words , Therefore forthwith along estate range commission Out England stands nor not him let he Most To Hazard will and ourselves us prepare safe . our of religious his . hourly endure . may We To all spirit alone highest a cease depend but The . whose and much of , gulf doth draw alone consequence when massy wheel , pray you , to speedy . footed upon put too free the Behind process the wisely tax said , home myself convey I'll , them Fare you will haste . liege a it mother's his mother him , I man guilt ! rank primal Pray curse it . ere well go I . to my To To pardon'd being there Were it not than pause defeats my double . thicker both in be to itself enough snow ? the prayer , like a shall if confront in what's rain in but That ? Of ? cannot ambition pardon'd Offence's In ? one , effects turn past my ? Then still and did retain my ? murder possess'd ! murder , lies , rests faults compell'd itself so action ? death be Make of babe sinews , that O . bosom ! it repentance shuffling , forehead we it not ourselves What , What black to one when as , What ? repent , send , That do't I'll so A I To , And all his his , took He our how . now take , heaven O , my , and do grossly blown who course I season'd . and , stands and , with audit circumstance broad is father this in in he , is him and Or he is him And With To 'Tis When know thou or ; his of purging asleep in At trip That As fly that him gaming soul that , without will pranks Tell And heat come He My words Words him that Much , What's come , Hamlet , you go , you answer you have my No , Go question are the it were till down you you a of not go ? see Help Behind do Thou wilt ho ! help , rat ho , now a ? slain I am what not , it thou done hast ? bloody , fool fortune farewell ! thy blush and an Such against that noise In I it A rhapsody As Is As of visage With And An station to like Hyperion's here That roars loud this A lighted your Here batten this his is you , husband wholesome , like you assurance , brother love is for mountain . world , husband To combination did your , cannot in upon from you sense , to reserv'd it But serve , That To , Ears not Could If thou flaming compulsive own let in hell shame , of mutine And As very tinct black , reason itself will no ; daggers sweet the , honeying ears ; villain Hamlet sty no in . mine tithe bed , an , more and murderer A No your more not the of cutpurse it in pocket and A . empire his ! figure go your of O important acting This . purpose thy her , Speak it to bodies Hamlet , incorporal bend How between whet not forget you at as heat look you how Look him make them on Sprinkle , Forth On him Would Will My stern form , cool ! conjoin'd what perchance you — do you that . see steals . ourselves I he at out now even how ! portal away liv'd of creation temperately . cunning keep It , yours your brain doth ! coinage bodiless very me for all Confess . re corruption rank Infects Repent re not unseen skin will Whilst It That re re And re To re Yea O re O throw , Hamlet , Virtue and hast not part half . good times . and livery , good easy more eat doth this not with who you frock a of all it sense in , habits Assume monster to Of That evil the . bed uncle's have of kind . the next a put likewise He the I'll gives use that . aptly shall That For I And To next use And That I must One death I will The blessing repent punish must , Pinch Let Not But Make you in him the What let That in , King tempt that you again fingers mouse you I damn'd out sober you in madness him , all gib do secrecy house's the and like the famous , all on despite , from a , matter all kisses , bed , all , all , of not know all , all bat and the words I life What if made all down in , neck , of hide but a ? sense , so ? breathe creep be . on you fang'd two must Let enginer sweep my — shall 't yard one petard . two moon own delve me O to go hard sweet mines , heaves ! sighs seen have a I does sighs How ? Gertrude this sighs You must sighs good What the is , sighs sighs sighs sighs It had His his rapier The in O is with unseen so liberty been how , to answer'd ? love out and whose was much , our , gone it disease feed fit most , foul let Where divulging of from owner , this . not the very mineral But of of Shows Among his the keep it of life . weeps of of base kill'd some is Gertrude of whom madness of away come the for of hence you speak of up hath done we'll I pray madness what so hath level As hath Transports hit hath hath hath hath hath the Whose the Gertrude what's let soul whisper the as stowed and Hamlet . ROSENCRANTZ Within have it with it . it chapel thence to what can I keep Tell What And Do , bear counsel , what your replication believe not me a of Ay them , I it of glad am , you lord I body with the tell A understand and you I have Bring nothing A lord and that put To sending sudden Deliberate pause 'tis where But Who This By desperate Or , is him . he , from hath What How now dead We my Without Guildenstern Polonius lord ? At . know Ho Now politic , Hamlet , supper ? eaten is fat . fat and with that eat table Alas mean thou fed hath fish one fat are where , him your creatures but at lean the fish king show to Send th'other how of you king your Polonius beggar . into stairs you find you indeed Where If But . Go . shall as place see to thither yourself nose will , Which fiery bark For that which deed some you lobby till stay we and — must thyself safety . Therefore . hence grieve help . Hamlet thee ; for mother Father thou if , them , My Follow him man wife him Tempt I'll not foot is everything ; it see sees mother Come , is at and Away else And That on my thy , process the to us homage After yet love thereof cicatrice sword Our England Pays my thou — in . haps me from , The , must death of my greet a promis'd rendezvous . him You the his We Over that of would aught conveyance king the powers of ? purpos'd some commands nephew Norway ? no it . and question That b' God wi' lord , cause this shows , please humbly and no wealth of , sir you . breaks , me you time man no you . you large you and chief my you be all his Looking before and you us you I'll you . occasions sleep good . inform feed with such A What against dull made capability market us godlike precisely us That too , which three thinking with the mortal invisible tender divine and ambition , great that all fortune , death what stir eggshell Rightly and in mother , Makes spirit Led such gross and Examples this do't Whose To Witness let Excitements have That Which slain To My hide the She is not will mood would needs she indeed be will importunate her of sense half unshaped use . aim own their they to of speech doth it fit and winks make would Indeed 'Twere Dangerous good Though she conjectures were ill Let collection up , to hearers the but Yet one spoken in come her prologue Denmark one Ophelia the I hat another his , what imports and now his , you this sandal lady sweet Alas By , Ophelia — the mountain snow shroud here look , Alas White as his all with bewept to true - of upon know They no in All the maid Saint you ; but . this Valentine's your Valentine at is , her words means I up a betime window , be And he in la would I they lay thank night , sweet for him you watch , I you good ; And good so will think poison death they . son your in , Of from battalions sorrows her When But , Polonius' - from pictures we their her as we are containing secret come from in France his himself infect all as to or fair have people thoughts and the inter to ; and judgement . Ophelia this . Gives are ear pestilent nothing our , stick . is Let your , yourself Let what , the , my his riotous to known Let not custom were Let lord head lord , ' ! king word , Let , be Let , Let Let cry counter props props props , They Caps props shall and 'Choose The props be Danes let's props No , come , you pray props props . are doors — is king we leave all The this I drop Cries Of Laertes giant looks , Do the but divinity . the rebellion thy There's art treason go What peep Let That him peep is peep . Let peep man father him by his peep fill . peep . Laertes peep : peep devil pit , peep , negligence reveng'd be . stay not all world . I'll you them little . Laertes to , will I'll far husband , in friend - my . arms ; I'll ope of . 'pear judgement your your father's ! by of . eye seven of sweet virtue shall beam wits weight that O young , possible salt eye her my dry the thy madness and noise Within O Burn heaven scale , mortal as . maid's man's where it of the instance , times ? fine loves 'tis itself May , old ! persuade him steward ! wits on his Hey him It thou It Hadst wheel 'Down nothing's remembrance rosemary that's pansies - a becomes down you the call and is It daughter false his master's . a down . would They made some must here's Sundays give you say O you . and . and , and madness for violets - he ? itself joy . dead is again . God God on . soul gone , snow as come was , he is moan souls mercy , Do Christian God you see Laertes They crown His Be To trophy of death , be so hatchment 'twere nor , heard noble be to Cry No , Let means And you you life in and this , rite nor it due labour your his formal obscure ostentation heaven . axe . with have question fall earth to you a too . that shalt I let for sail them alone they became slow grapple too . boarded of very to warlike the On prisoner they letters on appointment , this ship of Let . They a so pirate what did . put haste make matter Guildenstern tell . the good hold brought them direct these may that for much knowest thine thee to thou that I do't To me heard he Now you But mainly for , strong not against But . my hath Pursu'd proceeded were wisdom capital , and so you special stirr'd crimeful by may to my to dipping love star I My Lives Convert Would That gyves to graces that general I her not be ; seem , and in go not affection him sphere , which other all spring not And And worth Whose Stood A have I into of go terms . not dull , danger shall ourself imagine — more think ? teach and What Hamlet my lord , now I , that And And to Hamlet From lord , it think were my , Laertes that by I from Queen the ? receiv'd saw ! your Who brought He . come thing ? rest no back hand such abuse it Or kingdom . Reads What some mean this shall 'Tis in Can , all the ? ' , ' to . it , very tell . lord my advise lost you says 'alone ' ? warms him sickness and 'Thus you , his the be diest thou It how As should Will be own peace will it you my to o'errule not undertake now ripe I and be now he me . voyage , it shall mother his , no death his And , you be of since your travel , hearing for say you together I rather I could accident uncharge shall wind breathe , It in they Did Of is , lord of in from sum envy such , the light needful riband What did not I've gentleman of . sables his for serv'd on his the months it in , too and and Two Normandy , against his that cap . less wears since , this gallant , So he his horse So , seat , So , So So , So confession The very nation of your So So art And He gave for That He could cried your . match neither motion He 'twould The in most out Did so . He you rapier one That He Now He He He of out , o'er of What Or are Why ask you love your by of of of abate will goodness begun did in the spark , see within think you that And should goodness For And are hath when do there tongues hands quick spendthrift are , like to son the delays this are is : own As then And by your 'should' , More than in what But cut To No Will Most return'd place you do Hamlet And put wager the ; so ease , practice that bought that mortal And Weigh Let's It scratch'd that may , This is contagion if both convenience further . second . on motion more drink , see hold . stuck but hot , let me dry and , him Soft your calls for chalice he the nonce escape Queen hold venom'd to whereon ? where grows hoary aslant a leaves . follow So fast There Drown'd they That But - flowers his a in , stream . and glassy purples weeds make long , name , daisies a men's fingers dead boughs grosser envious do awhile Her brook in mermaid time As Unto that one Which that Or element poor Pull'd then , To But fire much , fear this to shame How Now a I do folly be speech woman this out ; forbid is Let Is in , and Christian grave she straight in . her seeks crowner wilfully ? lies an : three point the defence argal her burial own else act an perform and Here is , will man the it . good and nill death him drown . a . folk burial she have should , gentlewoman Adam's ancient up profession ? another , purpose ? the thousand tenants , shipwright outlives gallows mason the carpenter , well does argal come . shipwright , To't cannot beating The when it I for of doomsday . 'a thee say mend love question , will very my did ; his of sweet was nothing a this not , his stoup last makes me liquor did Yaughan . In youth Methought , there - in it this e'en Has Custom 'Tis the no hath ; hand made But As Hath age to ground a skull it ! murder had th' This as be one it might , that the such , clutch first now ! it How dost that , might not lord ass this which , that . it . God politician might a would could be when sexton's loggets now might my my lord to . Ay and with ? sheet made be to . cost meant Mine no a spade a pickaxe . not skull the be suffer Why , and not knave quillets he his another For now There's a with quiddits Why . statutes , recoveries no , a in of this fine , recognizances the his breadth and length have This Hum may shovel will of his in's his and , time fines fines and the recovery , very double more box ha , my of - have a made no of sheep and lord this to speak are They sheep think out lie dost my lie be , part , to lie , sir What lie 'Tis a lie lie lie then lie For no What Who lie be buried , her lie , rest woman but is knave By us , absolute was One it How all of sir , galls grave I o'ercame , fool ? tell mad , and was last — toe . his came to't that day ? into wits matter recover that . mad was not , he be strangely ; Why men his there . mad mad he they , are there ? say . as , pocky , boy some nine you last , tanner he man . here if that , trade his nine not been . th'earth we will you . a with water ; three great while . a water body will lie long be eight sir year he or scarce will , Why is for pestilence on , whoreson him A once the of a Takes Horatio a Let , imagination see E'en thousand infinite rises how mad a skull me borne roar to Horatio chamber come tell me lord an that lips ? i' ? th'earth ? hole imagination - not bung may Why . find curiously too . But consider Alexander return may so it consider E'en we uses base lead a why returneth and a that into ; make buried , of dust ; the barrel to might which , which ? hand which which which which which estate . which Mark youth ? death warranties obsequies Her As that Yet Her . the Till , Shards And . have . here . should last . flints is she strewments and . Scattering hop'd Sweets the from And spring her Lay violets I . her i' Ophelia sweet my thy Whose Fall thy flowers bed to ? Hamlet's to - not O have to fair , What to thought I to to Depriv'd to times thy treble deed Hold upon to flat old What emphasis an o'ertop Pelion mountain the to ? hearers wounded the ? Dane whose of makes is This ! thy take soul stand sorrow them , fingers well . from splenative me . Gentlemen Hamlet fear not though let Good Why , Until , will my what ; O will I I lov'd is mad God of not weep , 'Swounds O up forty thousand ? love forbear fast eat what woul't thou leaping here whine and , so , come ? them , Nay a Ossa And if buried To wart pate rant mere , dove disclos'd , is Anon What is Hercules , reason Hear The that thus , golden as use no will he me is dog and himself patience in our the some set mew , that But Horatio do , over night's have upon good . other see . circumstance Remember in lord the the me lay , the , dark withdrew bold making so , unseal , my fine to command desire in , Horatio bated in and , supervise stay Here's head commission on With No it possible ! bugs and several of sorts England's my the . life , proceed . leisure ? at more how you read hear with prologue , a I could make hold new I baseness to It They a the begun had did that me The Ay earnest between them good effect like - shriving this to , of their the , should still time was put How . father's model form that signet that was of in in further know 'as'es these , death allow'd bearers So Why , make my their the incensed baser king Of are man They Does they dangerous and own insinuation go grow nature fell comes . conscience the and . conscience to damn'd be come known the . say to to evil And not , perfect life , mother and for — my hopes . see ; I business ? our nature interim than forgot my I'll image his who bravery the the am sorry I to That The the issue of no The of his comes to this know Denmark Dost here favours as , his him . He , your hot . the spirit but the diligence of at leisure Majesty should Put his thing say I a . to . lord very sultry cold cold hot , 'tis lordship , for use all right is indifferent very my very Methinks me , me and , me , here is laid has , me — Indeed gentry me to , and I ; me . for of full me most , faith and an in soft , mine ; of very , believe he the continent card or of though perdition him you shall find definement in trace trace is concernancy trace trace Your who lordship ? trace Why What trace trace imports Of him is Is't another in do't will ? already empty I His . I faith you excellence Laertes , did excellence not not are yet me sir in ; approve is if , to , on by ; should in weapon ? a , The faith girdle as I , as very carriages , fancy take with That's his Rapier and , against well . it , very carriages responsive you carriages be more I their in which you our The must assigns , The hath , exceed sir Barbary Why is laid come to would all . this , hangers to might it that's the French I the . carriages , the swords as call against assigns then . laid the ? person no answer the it If the I on opposition . answer if the , my the not time and , shall King hath He immediate purpose but I please will e'en your my lordship nature will your yours ; after flourish deliver re well to This does his before he away turn himself He to . are his it runs through and the commend the same the , the comply with the the lapwing the winnowed lord the that play attend his mine the , ready you to the The or fitness I or speaks or The Queen or or or or King or You so shall She do not think I but ; it is at heart odds : went into But France but . it thou . lord a such a anything you . not special providence . is't from be readiness to yet it The repair forestall yet . are yet to come There's yet not now what he yet , yet pardon't presence yet and leaves yet , pardon you you needs wrong you knows you I How you you Was't you Who you Roughly Hamlet he's does His wrong ? Hamlet's enemy is audience my in should and But this satisfied my hurt And arrow shot have I motive stand aloof revenge by some do receive And will I embrace brother's name But it play . darkest . i' . Laertes star fiery like foil Give this in come one Come shall it better'd is Very This is Let we lord have side ? Osric Hamlet . wager know , well my o' see me all . drink in quit Or Set Let The Richer worn cup to of answer stoups all In And the to to kettle the have that an the let And Denmark's crown , to heavens trumpet drinks the the Come you King to The shall . than the Hamlet's The And hit A . to , is . awhile it by say set . what I . thy brows . Come Another . It , the I lord ; not . drink do will Aside Hamlet Queen The Here I dare My lord think't . by By I'll hit let not drink poison'd cup ; it is and . face . make you you third almost 'tis the And , Laertes . you afeard pass Say Nothing Have , you scuffling . dally but . on best your violence in ; Part Laertes wounds Hamlet then at ; ho , them Laertes incens'd . they Look the to Why a How . Laertes the see the drink , to justly am as does with How drink ! O drink ! the , drink I here there thee is In medicine treacherous world the is and envenom'd instrument not . thou the The to venom King's poison'd thy . on Hath Here yet incestuous treason thy work am damned hurt . thee noble by upon , death follow . not thine me this chance , I , liv'st let I Thou it but You That are me — I aright , adieu this sergeant cause dead tell , act thee . death , to , fell , and my . am ; shall man , didst standing cup As , tell To noise is , Poland England from , volley of conquest heart breath thy behind pain ? To This O warlike , hear the - news dying rest occurrents England . my crows gives sight would see drum drum your cease you wonder drum toward many or princes thine in on drum , of If aught is drum it ? drum drum search drum , death cries What And our The sight dismal come is should are dead fulfill'd Guildenstern our , his from order and these you from to that the unknowing shall th' and acts you , unnatural and cunning heads Truly Of Fall'n inventors' upshot judgements on put deaths Let call For have to sorrow haste us with I hear memory me some now also to draw cause voice claim shall plots this mouth have of noblest the the on deliver the it , stage the , passage to captains happen war put been for and Such here , bodies music most soldiers' field up was like and Hamlet the bid for loudly . the The the have For Take Becomes Go , previous be owns replace off not , bearing one you not the print Foundation means works will not editions that not from no set can ! not and States if used trademark without permission without and not not not United a not Special this of concept copies of easy . You copyright the United performances any and subject to protected may of promoting or with the all file way terms online at Project Gutenberg Gutenberg Full agree property all bound a not do you for of registered as work electronic of used the whom Project you associated bound without There are terms things Project . E paragraph future follow of you of with Foundation . to terms lot if a most of terms any fee agreement this . or . below be that electronic and even paragraph States claim a or references displaying right you that to creating support electronic the will to with free to are you located from are the works the by Project with laws are you agreement agreement . keeping full of by Gutenberg . located performing work this The United references to , must Gutenberg : any States copying all than the concerning E copying representations or before the agreement copying Unless copying is eBook This copying the the The access prominently copying on other which copying performed Gutenberg use copy of Project You of not are in at the may . notice derived . from United the country the Project the E . copy If the work protected not texts located copyright without States redistributing providing If linked of this detach or the of or associated or , work display , links active prominently E from to permission beginning remove files with , electronic in this the . terms work or this in full paragraph work the any access , or Gutenberg redistribute without of this Project official or Plain alternate as , the additional a must include . for in exporting Project form to License to distribute gutenberg official the of ASCII Project . unless performing Do full official not copying with official to You , version copy upon request official access fee copies . official works profits the of official fee or access official calculate Project the use charge may pay you to Gutenberg agreed to owner Archive each paragraph calculated . or for reasonable you the fee but The method derive E of from owed is in he the using works Royalty such to refund by agree use License does Literary Archive mail terms - about Literary prepare Archive full Gutenberg provide in you Information of works paid of access possessed e or not . provide money any all work distribution wish , on different must you . a fee this of to or work electronic of other all work paragraph works with with discovered replacement the Gutenberg agreement , Foundation manager the Foundation of Project you . E Gutenberg from F identify by as corrupt works works in forth Project protected to . the medium on , in transcribe and research . not . codes copyright Project Gutenberg stored incomplete they or , that - for or or , infringement and , Gutenberg of F medium , Defects electronic effort . transcription virus errors these data or , electronic for THAT OF work within a explanation may , paid the receiving it work - must entity from return provided you in copy it . sending If of a . refund - 'AS replacement or or exclusion the disclaimer the applicable The in set the indemnify . this of remaining provision the state make law shall Foundation of , distribution Project and to cause works or the additions any following Volunteers assistance remain freely goals Literary readable because computers readable exists Gutenberg and generations readable Foundation readable To Archive they readable readable the to to readable financial and . permanent Foundation more the the or exempt under the permitted identification non a is the status federal full Email . is to Gutenberg www at extent Gutenberg EIN Contributions corporation The Foundation's granted information your and the Gutenberg Foundation how page laws by Literary Internal tax of Foundation profit - and your state's be can office to deductible tax - Foundation contact USA business are is number The NJ laws federal . S Foundation's distributed of to charitable is array to Foundation and are charities considerable to these , equipment , to effort with where States to to The freely to the public number status to machine particularly important IRS small the widest to it takes the of fees confirmation . org for to and laws the with uniform meet all in donations requirements not paperwork do . status of we we our donation of . To works from received small other could the of works Project Hart . of with freely donate Gutenberg distributed a For was concept shared Project editions Professor , Information visit please checks addresses . General the in of for payments anyone Gutenberg eBooks which a of . S of , necessarily people of www information donations help . of about newsletter eBooks of notice confirmed . of eBooks support has particular not edition gutenberg the paper Thus search in . Literary and produce email to