Stand Stand answer Stand now You come Stand Get most Stand Stand 'Tis this struck hour 'Tis to . Have do ! this , ho them night good , my meet watch Stand I hear Well Horatio and Who ? hath good Dane liegemen you , you reliev'd night of good you ! there ? Horatio . Marcellus again . good I seen thing Horatio What Therefore With That Tush , Touching Horatio says 'tis but seen of take belief I this tush let And When , thee where again part . heaven myself it wonder . Horatio . comes and , one — me be to of and heaven I of By which Together thou it In What art sometimes it , fair that that with march ? and and not . than Before ! Stay ! speak answer ! What God mine my How ! Is As thou the and true this avouch ! believe . had combated thyself very So But Good This particular the some nightly So And foreign why down and subject cast the toils daily impress might the At Was Dar'd you know on combat the this Did so slay Well this to , Was Which Did For His And been the the which sir , and , Fortinbras all heraldry valiant him return'd , moiety to , seiz'd by To gaged stood with Against Had vanquisher ; as by hot here full young Fortinbras some is strong foresaid , by , take it the figure King fell mind's . wars eye these like dead the of and in fire and dews streets blood ; sheeted , events fates on countrymen still empire and and high most Disasters As sick As And stars the influence to me Lo and heaven prologue harbingers together where it Stay of . or to me , voice , thy to privy Which thou do sound it , to be me me , and speak speak , partisan speak it if 'Tis here speak will not . speak death in walk oft womb the in it , strike I Shall speak do speak , here ! being ! mockery of violence , was And it wrong it so the vain our is 'Tis it as the To the blows , heard throat air . have when , his or guilty like summons and and at I trumpet shrill , erring , morn sounding probation . abroad , season dare charm . is no singeth wholesome to hallow'd I look But , the , say , no all birth ever that This power bird takes then The we our dew , and by hill clad seen my will for us our dumb ; what the Unto us o'er Walks Do needful , young Hamlet we consent have speak my believe eastward tonight mantle upon life him , it . him fitting , we acquaint , yon morn high our . know , The To be our be in Lords , dear , Cornelius contracted so Yet wisest That Though memory Together sometime Have remembrance to , and one in wife funeral we dropping one have delight hearts green , and our whole befitted kingdom marriage joy , death brother's , advantage of young worth message law for : writ him , thanks gone freely , know out Fortinbras all For . that dear disjoint dream surrender our of supposal weak a late of , is : scarcely the , His lists , herein full most for Thus our Norway his gait Out For Giving further of his ; are suppress hears Norway commend articles dilated King , you old personal more further you to with these and of good You this impotent , and , Who , The and . is't with farewell news Dane you ? power the duty the , the beg not What of , Laertes of . suit , We told us some speak be not offer You You your is more throne voice my is hand the my favour and leave What head The Dread the to native more , to my at and my leave last go to son will consent spend graces thy But Take And fair hour Laertes , cousin my little A than ; at be thine , thy and , it seal'd petition Upon Do thine lord Aside is it How And let Seek for common noble eye not 'tis nature madam seems Nay , it of my Nor customary suspiration Nor No Nor all , suits of dejected nor windy alone a the river forc'd , If is thee with truly me denote the not 'Tis madam ! forms , These man passeth suits and for condolement is to a survivor persevere heaven , grief sorrow . the term a your . lost father Hamlet , your your the woe your bound , your your your to hath nature died throw take note to and think We , most woe to pray who , absurd father the with of till fathers the a dearest you today , cried earth theme whose that of your desire his Wittenberg in school retrograde impart to , cousin beseech the no which back ' less the immediate going most with mother us and courtier bend you to our and prayers her chiefest is And I pray that the . Come shall today , fix'd a would ! O had ! O melt away bruit come a heart to rouse speaking to me stale - resolve too to my health the Denmark clouds drinks shall tell dew , God ! nature : this not two mother to earth of heaven a — hang him within name were woman my winds would is month on grown even Frailty — old Frailty body Frailty uncle Frailty ! she Frailty , Frailty reason of tears galled unrighteous , come incestuous to , must her most no Hercules flushing in speed ! to nor heart to same , poor forget to see you well my good . do or glad friend with that my myself , Good — name you my My , ear your own . even ? from . depart . truant funeral you ere , My prithee think lord hard upon . meats report of my do you make what you to your deep in to me wedding me bak'd me , day methinks , funeral Horatio forth dearest my . me ? foe tables heaven in . Horatio me . me all . again take me he , man marriage lord see . father . goodly for I ? King was King my Who Saw yesternight your , admiration father lord The Upon to these gentlemen while deliver . you till let the your of marvel This hear ear witness , father ! these , like with cap middle and love and on watch , to whilst figure , father your gentlemen the solemn of Barnardo . the thus and Almost Stand made deliver'd true both . apparition of These hands had knew third watch where third , lord the not third was third In And Where not comes , secrecy impart the word third more ? father . and third I But Itself third It But at even the As . think did indeed Hold MARCELLUS do say . lord ? tonight me . in ? to head from my look'd , O lord Then his face wore ? than red anger in Nay sorrow Very like would It hundred . it tell . there longer I saw't no . a BARNARDO and haste Longer moderate have much amaz'd long ? tonight silver'd , Not speak to If bid you it my it assume warrant 'twill seen though . pray person you should walk it again I'll If And me will Let And Give your So but tonight , All them foul would understanding an whatsoever loves it . visit your honour . arms as , soul my o'erwhelm earth : you Our foul to will give do not let you is convoy assistant are necessaries as embark'd Farewell ? doubt Do Hamlet For the a it perfume violet permanent No lasting nature in toy a and the favour more a , of , primy sweet and and No but grow this more Hold A Forward thews , The wide nor but is on must and for The And Carve He For The greatness therefore health for must besmirch doth his will weigh'd his he It As the with Or lose voice your particular wisdom deed loss unmaster'd it , list importunity you ; your what credent , of chariest the keep it heart or his your Ophelia shot maid danger of desire affection dear my the spring . in dew disclos'd moon of liquid imminent none . fear , youth keep your calumnious buttons , the their blastments , rebels do else my , heaven rede . libertine ; treads . comes . second A stay And the Himself Laertes Aboard your shame . for , here you The blessing long too And Look Grapple friends thou character And sits , are these stay'd Give each Costly not thou Those unto new entrance thy habit in apparel of a nor borrower a loses and both . thee voice of being judgement , few reserve , not that friend and rich purse but ; rank in ; gaudy : lord . tend my take And invites , Most What I blessing follow not then : my I in yourself and , key remember you servants ? Lord , something you he keep hath Hamlet . it . oft said you very you hath most so caution understand Give , lord my Of hath He you ? not way so of it behoves my free of me affection his between like call you , you ; yourself think ; tenders girl honour your up of me the truth My you in ! Pooh ! know teach ta'en . the for tenders — not you Marry Do not yourself of you'll sterling I'll not thus have lord my Which , may countenance all holy I do know . my with a dearly of woodcocks , blood the , extinct in daughter the From a it as for of . maiden rate ; time , Hamlet higher young that tether which for In he few . you larger may show brokers , these heat parley much your Be You not of give or so beguile sanctified vows ; pious dye his given with may Than . Than Not plain . you any moment is This Lord come . shrewdly . The is It . twelve . lacks heard I What think ? wassail The of swaggering trumpet draughts thus bray down upspring to then . takes , my mean kettle drains wake mean Rhenish ; mean mean . pledge out mean : mean it mean of and east than revel and swinish . takes phrase other the , I a it Is to honour'd This And And our The some it chances mole wherein too them men our drunkards our addition vicious of though their for The Carrying by breaking As From Doth general corruption us from grace health wicked call I'll , thee a or or goblin damn'd ! defend answer but me , in , ministers of , my and Angels That , King Have not Why burst I will thy Wherein Hath To That thou cast to we fools our complete mean hearsed . the inurn'd jaws , nature do moon marble tell , of disposition with it , action impartment you courteous . the of should our reaches horridly So With shake ? souls ? with a to it Look no then Do what not my , And for Or Being will It What And draw The there o'er you And And hears many motive into of ? fathoms . beneath roar still follow . lord my off not shall My Be you cries out , this . body , me Unhand him imagination desperate with call'd I a 'tis waxes follow Have after rotten is Heaven Something , it . Mark me I lead thou wilt I is sulph'rous come . Speak . further thy ghost poor , I shall unfold . but To to My . render Pity When So art I am What me not serious to hear bound when I day . But my fast in of forbid , their part to from thy lightest - house spheres , word on porpentine not list father flesh But upon thy ! murder O God most ; as love with unnatural swift wings the ; apt thee find in in thou rots the That given stir As the the And the Rankly the the Is by my ; me that this . whole noble beast gifts with uncle ; not that O my most seeming witchcraft O , wicked So To of Upon mine his that - lust adulterate that his virtuous queen , power mov'd and with the have . be will gifts was there vow ; poor air , were heaven bed , my in And , court lewdness lust though soft ! to a itself methinks custom Upon My Brief The most and And That The with like quicksilver with of thy in ears a my blood of man it the body vial stole pour through doth milk about ; my of sent but reckoning No Thus life off thou With hast horrible Let If all But thou luxury thee , even not couch Taint And those thy mind aught leave and nor at , once be fire . his adieu shows her thorns ; pursu'st this act soul not What be it bear . heaven matin uneffectual near ? contrive her Remember the to , worm to bosom my old instant Hold ! pressures , live there , fond Remember fie O adieu you me sinews , up the away , this thou bear my heaven O . globe observation all volume matter , villain and commandment books I'll All shall saws of you , O least That one tables smile sure there , and , am , it down heaven shall alone trivial the O Meet pernicious by smiling I in smile . thy And smile Within book My Unmix'd smile At smile smile smile smile Hillo , my wonderful O my noble . my ! lord come my Not by tell is't , you'll , news What lord , my No How I say , by would heart of man lord . all come . this knave ; at hands point all : shall desire and fit , it your every is Such But he's a villain dwelling . the , from the circumstance shake are i' us lord , tell ; you right hold I And as are These , For Yes , Patrick , know . may you desire friends to as you make Nay , lord ? have what HORATIO swear't , lord , I not tonight . you my Upon , but will MARCELLUS My Never under stage ? Art . sword . the Swear indeed already , Beneath shift by this that my sword . ground . seen our , so fast ? strange it stranger in in But , Horatio more , your , I , worthy old more pioner ! Beneath . work , more more Well said day night therefore of more never soe'er disposition on would' shake phrase more , and be some or or doubtful this of more 'We , shall , head to , we if and could — most Swear grace know such ; giving : of ambiguous list 'Well That So and aught Swear I love spirit So , to . your 'There , encumber'd Or Or . right , it ; is . in . him I marvellous this will notes Before My I , Marry Danskers very first who what ; they finding , sir you Paris keep . wisely do you his what and son particular some 'twere know do me , what means , are ; well and By this your will you demands well ' . this his of it nearer him ; slips him known usual rank ; he's , you take wild lord , youth companions gaming To As , or Quarrelling drinking . may season , lord drabbing my swearing so so ; quaintly assault unreclaimed taints open may That's As Your in a You Marry believe And party He so closes breathe in 'friend ' assur'd . know working would the of country . or , addition , lord he sir my and Very sir then does was to 'friend He , 'closes or in ' the was does something . ' did — say Where , gentleman — perchance , rouse as , day 'gentleman marry you , reach of a a , him thus , saw or There 'I , And you b' find , do , tennis' or ; have I have and we of indirections my . You , inclination my shall him , his music . wi' My lord fare , lord you . ply And , let Well , my lord , my Farewell . what's , Alas , As if , Pale lord for look his gyved out purport I ? of to stockings me but love truly I , Mad of thy took goes with last he would to head a sigh so Long waving his bulk go , the light without his , turn'd without over done to shaking draw rais'd — For with violent any you our property . as will their seek went love itself , on go fordoes words you , hard under I command letters as any denied and . and did beshrew younger my but age our sort King move close to our to jealousy ! utter and to known be More grief dear much Rosencrantz we need Hamlet's that of since being his nor it father's from was . days that I , occasion and your here youth up both him , him , man be death More That , And That little him draw much as to , he two adheres gentlemen To To Good And Might dread ourselves to pleasures your Both king's shall visitation supply and of such thanks , Rosencrantz to . your . instantly , changed Thanks , I bring And Th'ambassadors Thou still , I Are I And As , and — this soul gracious brain King of . lunacy great distemper hath found ? friends our sent which first out and to greetings good my Welcome , Say And So With an levied To old give you for of likes us well safety we'll to Answer at And we rest liege , madam is This I And be I What will tediousness since waste night be day what , to the brevity Your and son is mad madness true . art define go less 'tis A then , the the grant find us 'tis him cause comes of cause . this defect , all . at true figure 'tis foolish now effect Perpend remains thus she , mark , gather is . whilst remainder of say rather Thus it have Who I celestial an That's To the Good dear . Thine evermore that I , most thee above , O , best I lady , hath time to mine ear . place Adieu reckon art to , me , is show'd machine honourable of . faithful But What of do how you As I As When I my my I had a , thus , And I mute and , to sight book , this into wail now thence , took , she , repulsed sadness , messengers lock herself the receive fruits from no of tale a then a fast weakness declension fain ''Tis , think likely so ? otherwise if I When have a time said prov'd lead hid Within try we in Here know sometimes So he circumstances the it may time and my , daughter . the does . state farm assistant it try sadly beseech O . you , leave . a , I well know honest my goes . is to be , so ? man being dog daughter maggots That's sun Have I the th' walk not if to may have sun youth was Still . on to't not . read What . do . a blessing look . but lord is a I him my Aside I for love gone , suffered . words , said most weak ; What Between you read ? faces their sir Slanders slave slave , plum with potently - beards slave , sir , I . and they satirical slave wrinkled have old slave as I to their plentiful eyes lack of slave and set down a crab pregnant lord will and . of delivered Aside ? leave daughter leave my which , How grave between take that . my life , except fools my life . he sir To excellent Nor her are of , how thou ? lord soles the Neither , in or . button of waist , my the parts you particular Then is that doomsday What goodly in ; which being o' worst , prison . a dreams of the substance . quality of shadow's ? our court of a to ROSENCRANTZ shadows beggars' such speak in matter the you to sort We'll bodies you reason th' not beaten I To I am inclining . me What your friends with own thanks even too poor visit , that my , am of must fellowship you , withal , consonancy love , for . no , you say What If , you of , rights the , better the by proposer our could sent hold discovery , my brave this custom of that of congregation promontory this sterile ; have , o'erhanging disposition action of this , beauty in fire the me to no say : pestilent why it is neither Lenten ? me' my not not We shall use , foil and target shall his welcome make those , knight the you from , lord are to they end man lungs , are in — both residence the means comes by inhibition the same hold I Do they endeavour most their children the so and are are rapiers they pursue , they should means — no against them if , if grow maintains - goose of common quality are on better succession a went sides as they Will players writers their own the sing can they their both no , bid for there sin been and his ? load of lived is father my apiece him hundred something this for than are welcome extent is of , But outward lest my should to Elsinore Your players it There . come yours tell . are and In north , you welcome my - When the ? aunt what - mad , there time see , you , at out them child a of players . Monday Mark the Monday news When hither . Monday . Monday . actor Monday Rome in . buzz Monday are Monday Then Monday world , historical , be writ Seneca . unlimited pastoral The tragical , law treasure judge , These treasure ? lord a my well ' Jephthah , liberty of he he loved right . my have a . I well . not then Why wot . look where glad . to For thee valanc'd is Thy ! I abridgement . comes old me . not of altitude , cracked a your ladyship be e'en quality by ! all are of uncurrent last last good are thee you speak me , general to above a . But the speech a once a not digested a I caviare whose , a a , author , memory , It begin , especially , the he When Black The is With Bak'd dismal more lay now blood Now With heraldry he vile murders tyrannous o'ersized carbuncles grandsire Old So With To God Seeming Th'unnerved to base . declining seem'd Pyrrhus' feel with But father like we And Takes Which painted Did to the a reverend a neutral often as speechless heavens silence The As Doth rend hush Mars's With And Aroused Priam away . long too fiends her wheel of heaven . beard . Prithee say on . is queen' good . flames robe — steep'd up , the their them this you brief bad live a no the well and you them Use . better will report have better have use have were players the they will you have see you while them Use , man 'scape have whipping I have him ha't We'll or Very my my , my my my well To Good my my to lord my wi' and in so all distraction and Hecuba that he ? him her that What cue the that tears do passion horrid that appal stage for drown and that motive , the that very Like John A dull and say a Confound the general ignorant dreams The A the nose lungs ? me my it blows it - the as me Tweaks ! Prompted , like to , what Remorseless , That And A scullion my struck the by , Play They I'll May I be the a of Out me my weakness potent than play's of quiet . confusion circumstance , speak him him him . him him him him joy we of already order , players told the ; entreat . your Majesties , further delights lord inclin'd it so doth the him and . accident , that , as thus That be of myself by for us here may Hamlet leave , closely 'twere ourselves Affront him their th'affliction of suffers his love do cause wish virtues . obey Ophelia happy again way honours your to : To walk Madam both him Ophelia will And we The We an sugar we , we it we lord we we we , sleep troubles of sea die a ? To of the to 'tis opposing That The heart to sleep flesh Devoutly that have off this mortal death what dream . die , dreams the long There's there's , end we say to thousand scorns contumely delay , spurns quietus , make takes his proud the man's life of . bear weary will we of of of us of pale pith and Soft , my all ! currents action Nymph o'er to returns , puzzles the not turn moment awry in sins , many them yours - of . well day my Good your for lord a remembrances re I you know right aught No longed long , you to , them you so rich poor ha ? for fair lord for Are Are prove . for ? more for Ha , for lord you for , to This , was than , sometime did you , have You , his , I was , old . not accuse more deceived me . I am I things you inoculate sinners such of breeder offences yet I of time earth and to , have or , between us them give I shape crawling . do of believe Where's , home . all , nunnery arrant he may , Or . snow enough . him shalt not thy thou Be marry hath too Farewell you monsters calumny . given , them make wilt . and powers another on't is here the of , rest nickname yourselves . Those creatures more , of I That Now suck'd noble that of noble scholar's most , fair , music vows wretched quite eye of his honey bells ecstasy form unmatch'd of sovereign and youth reason is what , harsh me of tune I . see and down blown , feature jangled see That which not Will And Love the . madness doubt danger have demand and , neglected speed expel of settled shall quick which countries he : the it Haply you ? his yet do I on't thus heart his puts think different tribute to , prevent , play commencement do , after Lord what us , plac'd be his grief , conference commencement I'll show commencement Of And But it from You heard commencement To mother fit her alone , commencement confine think . commencement him find commencement so be your it where . go must you , had , very the do unwatch'd ones as I as smoothness gently . it but spoke thus pray I tongue a mouth you , if hand and to I , to hear that temperance beget your town crier use all ; torrent acquire to to who , It , Termagant dumb passion . the of whose her scorn , purpose of and though time her was , so to tardy virtue the off body a judicious and now of seen , hold o'erweigh profanely hold some of thought hold — heard man having praise . of that highly — hold and , hold us hold abominably . not bellowed that the that nor them not , have must , unskilful . pressure form have it the of theatre grieve have others neither , of and have play that have O hope we . have necessary question a ready make ? ambition then play speak . that piece lord ? will clowns laugh . them of that spectators of ? to ROSENCRANTZ will What sweet As service . good absurd thou hinges pregnant thee revenue advancement may , may dear with stop not equal suffering for of could in , man thanks thee that she slave ay In Hast soul That sound blood seal'd And Hath A ta'en Whose As and are not what passion's I There One prithee heart's after Vulcan's It itself mine Even Do when As I mine In of I the Get you a Guildenstern place , and , must be , idle , I Hamlet cousin . the air play'd you , I th' actor good i' once . Brutus there . me , Hamlet sit lap in metal ! mother good , No the King To No , my my lord ? legs . lord my meant country ? think maids' to my What , your how Nay ? long sables . Nay , cheerfully - twice looks , my lord my , a , two devil months two , only , my , 'tis the let die man's - kneels She off . action exits , woos The The . lament with the end accepts The his loth and is three She . Mutes carried unwilling ? lord it ; means the mischief . play keep counsel ; ashamed . tragedy and for , your our the , or a posy . woman's love , hands love so is again in gone cart and with , late . moon and . state I love fear great my my as what is For little I in belov'd live functions leave and there ; fear . grows to world thou first ! my accurst the kill'd , but husband , that . in now you be forget debt , lose joy destroy or themselves grief with grieves enactures violence The most Where passion to pay Most unshaken ourselves Of violent but is unripe in what necessary The ending ourselves joy own Their For And who That our and devices their no ends first still thy him thou And him So Sport him But him me give wilt when him fates him my in lock from have widow and opposite An Each anchor's I Both If what here Ophelia , To once a would . sworn deeply My , Madam The , lady protests this us brain thy but Is ; play no no . the but touches : image offence i' Baptista puppets . the see for , leave , seeing collected and agreeing bellow . thy . revenge and worse . fit the Begin — apt , hands black Confederate Hecate's With mixture ban natural wholesome i' is th'garden for's estate His choice very in written the King play fares How What some , must Turk get turn , fortunes Would this a with , Why , sir So me runs Half a share pound . pajock — now reigns rhymed . thousand well Horatio , did king like music very take Very , the lord ? word ghost's perceive of some some music well . Come . well , recorders the well . the , well well I he belike King , Sir vouchsafe well a Ay , his in Is well The , my whole . sir with purgation the plunge perhaps this . would to his drink ; richer . frame , pronounce affliction welcome this me , not if you mother You are and not courtesy make , lord my ; a wholesome more thus she wonderful can you make matter , no Therefore Make matter you matter , matter We matter matter shall And I is if you voice , liberty what own that , be can grass grows — To if be duty my me Let the How , while when , lord not I do it you do my Believe I cannot me beseech govern : with any ; you these thumb , now would seem me much how unworthy would ; But cannot , breath you fret , a than God pipe me bless speak you a of and upon what music , know speak me play cannot , shape , that's almost with in is the to yet cannot played , lord mass Methinks My you see is whale whale . indeed . so easily said by by yawn the is 'Tis By When Contagion by I drink itself day mother by breathes fool by top come by and say by , my : the bosom use but , as hell and business . not of and be look And do , Nero lose cruel this in to enter Soft not be . consent , shent , with . dispatch , safe Therefore soul you us prepare you , stands forthwith . mind religious is religious religious provide grow religious religious , falls it lesser a gulf cease The . It is highest when , religious consequence the ten adjoin'd on lives spirit ; religious 'noyance single bound doth , of of fear voyage of general spokes annexment , which of it alone of but like huge and Each Fix'd What's small we of mortis'd I , of Attends Arm of , some audience wisely it was she'll convey his I'll . haste as And hear haste My process and going haste arras I'll ROSENCRANTZ haste haste the The haste lord , you Since mother's haste closet tax should more . you primal as Pray to , intent . know you lord dear them I Fare partial you And , O tell , smells can as double I itself not there wash And Were To Is pardon'd serve Of what's But where with in visage this to form am I corrupted currents world — possess'd still , we ? offence ? heavens ; this wicked prize action we by ? I'll look pardon'd be ; and ? Even his no shuffling But compell'd faults not ? to it forehead , true what stubborn Art , Bow soft as , and can . in what state sinews All be the , of may knees , bosom O when What black be assay , Make with , soul engag'd more it give evidence What repentance ; Be that limed O might I this and blown is this , O . now Now new well That , he and goes he And pat so heaven ; reveng'd of as full grossly father . crimes audit broad my sole son my salary who for or of or swearing is , the ; thou in a stands , knows ; as , his then purging his rage . I him him season'd ; and fit is and know asleep has Or gaming At he no , him Then As My without to thoughts days sickly advances , between and lay Words you broad too I'll be you hath come And He , Pray Tell I'll Much you I matter ? Fear the offended an my you idle tongue tongue ? how with thy father a with ? Have forgot Hamlet so now , the Queen , And would the not matter wicked Why , husband's you then , and I'll were those , so your rood rood you the now You rood are wife , rood rood . rood rood , Draws help ? ho , Behind How Nay a deed Almost and as bad with ! for Take thy 'twas better . sit down you so for penetrable , custom let me Peace is , my , too hands heart of damned rash it your find'st took . Ay kill lady , rash rash , Thou To Polonius rash Thou If done , so Such and of rash have your thy , danger rash against braz'd . so dar'st rash sense . modesty the tongue against me , deed , Makes the fair sets And rhapsody very blurs grace , forehead virtue dicers' hypocrite the as the , of O an of solidity this blister body thought roars The As eye station the the against compound the act in doth glow doom . what on on to like the , front was a combination lighted Where To your give the husband a set a god every Mars , the curls An Could This Blasting cannot this brother Ha ! have , and : blood moor fair . a of seal man indeed at tame this to in on you mountain like you you you sure judgement have sense of difference you hath without serve sense it such cozen'd feeling or a ecstacy upon waits And the ; judgement for love it this on batten - day from you apoplex'd for without sight devil . blind ? at quantity ne'er so , of , eyes hell is where sickly hands but mutine madness to could Else Could frost compulsive her reason soul , spots charge gives Rebellious youth will not such will burn . doth Proclaim . fire wax bones thy flaming To And Since the thou in , speak into mine I As And Nay rank Over speak to , sweat corruption daggers like O slave is that A empire . and murderer precedent A lord A the of the in not No of an enseamed bed , making no a words sweet twentieth villain Hamlet in enter Of That a put of hover You Save your A and his part the tithe . it A The you Do , Is O Conceit Speak How bend , do That with you Alas And how with amazement , step to in her , is't the incorporal your with in life O the son thy excrements , you conjoin'd preaching to , glares you you distemper blood . that I is Nothing all at Do To whom see true want Will nothing speak this ? steals liv'd ecstasy creation coinage the very Is bodiless very even goes he This is I utter'd matter flattering your speaks ulcerous my unction word test of grace of cunning Ecstasy . place soul love ; the , madness , Bring , for , which to , all come to to what compost the , unseen rank , madness yourself Forgive , woo Virtue , O make Repent , To Yea , not spread the and leave these me this pursy beg good . half it , out lord be him nature night bles'd . minister and this with me same will and only worse and So , cruel be must gave begins me ; hath , or , devil . are but of beg with him bestow bad death , good , night remains lady behind bid you of call again , out his , let for shall do him in your essentially a in from Who on house's top , so , know fingers , gib , secrecy , ape , the neck down in of , 'Twere good fair bat and would the if , hast said I , own your break dear , in fly What breath thou of I must I forgot England , you thou life have to to had And And marshal : my adders sweep . fang'd two work go . prating knave you grave . room , 'tis . this and mother toward draw to good lug This man guts into packing with night is Where ; these sighs heaves profound . we . while fit contend tonight seen I , good my Gertrude the in And To His how short . restrain'd But what was foul a of disease fit of of ? love of haunt out was most of of of touch what ore , kill'd Where let some is like hath , divulging . it from life the very mineral , and and mountains this skill slain , bring . him , Ho further call and dragg'd , aid ! Guildenstern majesty : wisest our blank and diameter , the ! the the ! GUILDENSTERN the the dismay the . Safely and with 'tis take chapel . thence it . dust , it us Tell Compounded where bear not mine be a for King's best first the in , to Besides son rewards but . is corner ear corner with us go sleeps corner and corner corner The corner all fox ! body this man and to find , seek it the that judgement the of so in where And the offence How Yet 'tis sudden , distracted never must dangerous law multitude their seem on goes the loose , To th'offender's bear away smooth must grown , is your us Now Guildenstern lord ! supper At Bring lord ? Where where's , Hamlet . where he eats your to beggar . but , he where Your and That's eat ! eat and , of fed that worm progress a go . may ? your If Polonius a th'other you thither to Where see some there him . up messenger , go find him not him into the not there if you stairs find you as nose as tender , Hamlet do we this He Attendants will fiery The is bark Good it is that So purposes ! Ay For England . thou knew'st come father them , so and ; Thy Hamlet and Farewell , aught you seal'd Pray mother I'll for leans thou at , mother one mother mother man mother and is and Come for man mother it at , my tonight hence with mother sense thy effect ; rages my in hectic the sovereign mother . that I , hold'st give raw and and at full coldly awe , begun ne'er from my Howe'er to imports , it England , he blood the license a the ; let express his his Craves his know duty . aught of greet rendezvous Go And him our Good the conveyance know shall kingdom You so lord of Norway are are these sir of part powers softly on , purpos'd , nephew some go hath That To ranker rate , to it in Pole . defend the Polack , would or the be not little no yield Nor pay We in , five I Norway , of the farm , you ducats it th'imposthume breaks b' wi' . thank never already twenty of straw no straight , my before man his of What against is . and my spur with market sleep If And feed and before A , no . me a Go inform dull good large . be th'event , it whether ? that Looking That in too precisely some gave such means me , I thing's , say coward on , and prince exhort danger be will dare will will , puff'd do not do , strength will I stand will and death But When will all fortune to That Makes To Even And to That be the She slain O speak with distract . mood is not will My thoughts There's Spurns That collection The i' th' but to Yet botch Which tricks carry enviously hearers would make nothing sure one there , nods up Though Indeed She And soul seems some toy Each in her , Where is itself full , as sin's true fearing now How spills of Dangerous good great be to prologue in I another your true shoon . song mark , lady gone grass He head heels a mark snow my here with the love ? Lord . daughter be at your table , look all With do know not upon her Larded Which How you are we God you And he dupp'd To a maid your chamber , be And in the oath an Gis and they fie Saint shame for by , I'll come ! maid a . on't an . make are to she , by do't will You will An By Quoth . And ladies ; give , close so sorrows is the ladies your , night her But , his son Next night of , it from Of Her Last brother , in battalions ; in ; death Divided In from unwholesome remove are much in is as his Feeds ear and a ? death murdering me superfluous . ear Gives ? Let matter the . is , what noise this is guard more a but impetuous his to known ' , word be , king the Laertes it to ! trail you false false they Laertes king ! and props shall , we tongues They cry Caps , How Where this We I I thank me thou . leave me give , you you is rebellion thy the mother the between blood of Cries Even here That Of my true , person Laertes , it Tell would our Let — but his can divinity peep to what , Gertrude : like hedge man my But demand by . not dead How Dead him ? I'll Let not him Vows ! the juggled blackest pit ! well so them husband go the certainty . ope I'll life them good friends thus To And a I And That shall does guiltless good Repast , wide my rendering ? father's child now you blood pelican like grief in of your your and speak death level . to 'pear judgement seven eye fine maid's sweet a and thing some mortal sister is't love the kind , madness brains noise by salt , non his Should maid as is Nature O turn the After It nonny grave Fare Hadst wheel becomes a down ! It nothing's than that matter This There's rosemary it . remembrance pansies and that's ; grace columbines it a in difference a We you there document , There's violets , For wither'd bonny turns he not come not And And to will will no he come , made ? again hell , prettiness to passion itself again favour His beard flaxen gone cast away his God pray , God gone . snow . is his white was , moan . ye b' ? I this grief but friends 'twixt our we to by collateral wisest with your judge must right by they crown our judge touch'd , we ; labour content with — judge , judge — earth judge bones judge , heaven his , to , me axe th'offence No trophy noble rite , sword heard Sailors What , they They . sir do Let know you from not . the are Horatio th'ambassador as a too . bound There's was I let shalt grapple I sea King , the thou They sail their the them boarded they King haste . ear thine me in them the am Rosencrantz I of have . them that to . the He speedier thee for . their have thee make Guildenstern These much tell knowest for that thou of matter will as thou you dumb hold way you put well hath Pursu'd It you That And Now To him whom , feats else these in not wisdom proceeded , all up wisdom stirr'd wisdom capital But appears to me by or wisdom the but public count general I . The might affection wisdom their in not to be , wisdom are , for mainly were two special wisdom perhaps may But That I her , could Why her My her her her her Break That And I lov'd your hope my ; the Hamlet to , What will You shortly shall beard be stuff pastime can we And let our . not receiv'd He Claudio saw from them . teach ? to news them . now ? them naked eyes set to . I asking first is and pardon Leave us I say ; them shall you , rest no , abuse mean your and 'High . kingdom shall shall more thereunto such . the the . here Can advise you him , ' ! live thou But says he 'Naked thing 'alone come ' me . he to lord ? him in , breathe fall practice device my shall My As more an which shall mother call I be accident wind in will it that , and voyage undertake , he it it it No To it it one that , not they The As too part riband A and careless in such from him regard , youth lord . for your hearing talk'd been that Did that very Of the age health and months weeds he to Had As had And With brave forgery shapes he demi horse the French , this , gallant wears less livery youth no — tricks seat since brooch is very indeed , was't Upon A life . him The gave and such especially all defence a be exercise you made gem same He all you Sir . neither had And for out . motion all , guard them all If all all Your out a to of heart ? lord — with him , my , painting a this love passages in love ? pleurisy many ; accidents would a abatements own when we And As That by Hamlet place To his indeed no , know keep . th' murder church being the : practice , father Requite unbated shuffling wager with Or shuffling Most And Will shuffling not shuffling shuffling for Where mortal So shuffling it that blood can scratch'd withal if I means should bad Therefore our or your second , let are have hot to I'll violent whereon me . that , for bouts for wager in Weigh 'Twere better that have did this shape through your , assay'd back If A Our chalice by they follow sweet , now How One is hoary willow Drown'd That If Of Clamb'ring There That woe fast Your . where , with liberal maids , like weeping her like she Unto As Which Till Pull'd her one hang , an Her her long time Fell on To muddy death holds , she from drown'd ? drink melodious yet are lord gone , drown'd Drown'd much And It say woman shame is therefore I trick what will speech be Now How follow Gertrude ; do let's fear I much she she Is tell in own therefore make finds , she it drowned , cannot it , wittingly . goodman perform : stands will he the Here but hear the water to him guilty . this out buried . say'st thou And on't been marry ? If o' Christian burial . profession but their more great folk than Adam's up gentlemen should ancient gentlewoman she themselves that they Was art a Adam digg'd . thee question . If What he Go to the , how ill . thousand carpenter may to dost thou ? unyoke a mason . with Cudgel In when I , liquor . say mend are . tell his 'a thee are at are , are sings are that nothing , sweet for was a me are no But - of ? sense the clutch , land , steps stealing into me if shipp'd me his the . daintier the hath his never been could once . politician 'twere offices ! to o'er th' a tongue Hath in as it , had a of Or e'en so : and Lady . sexton's now spade these loggets Here's . Worm's 'em at a another , Why that , rude this and will knave tell him his of be , to knock tenures be his of his his than , the with , vouchers too and ? must The ? and purchases of pair pate of his in's be might this have more of his the , full his fines time , ha very ones his , not fine fine his no and this more no a sheep sir , this , will ? sir I ? skins too that in assurance out Whose . this fellow pit a for clay guest indeed , not sir do I , What dost For sir 't will say therefore say it away say say say . say ; the card , say have she's soul . equivocation thou comes taken dead these that o'ercame is long that . years , by her I three rest , of the day day It and shall he Every was he , year can that mad it's , not no . last England or if he ; mad How came , strangely 'Twill there he as men mad strangely with How his . lie i' , man rot many ? sexton . th'earth die tanner another . you pocky last will he — man have I Upon what ground ? he ere here . nine , great a eight will if have year as — in , will in sore his last A he is skull A whoreson him a . hide . see me Let Takes the on Horatio . me borne , kiss'd imagination it his of a flashes , how not your roar now . of to she favour Not , get songs you come tell know I this thou think Alexander o' thing her tell own wont at let What's your chamber , smelt base may so he find it Why bung my . Horatio lord so so ? this ! trace hole - may stopping ! E'en we to we of might to modesty earth Alexander . follow with was to Alexander not to . c . King to . awe in turn'd keep kept wind to to away clay , the t'expel aside aside winter's whereto he flaw the aside which , Caesar Imperious aside Should ! And aside a What we they such the ; aside Mourners following The corse with aside , maimed Fordo we obsequies that should the Till As but She pebbles on , the was ? as o'ersways enlarg'd ceremony What last in trumpet maiden she , Her , Must no be more be done service . her ? peace To should sing As to . liest shall . sister churlish flesh ; sweet . my grave . sweet Hamlet's ? priest th'earth i' tell deck'd the to to , in mine arms thy Hold her pile Till Pelion upon dust have caught your o'ertop old flat Whose Fall of thy that treble sense cursed earth made skyish you quick ingenious a dead have and the off . I Till . This is ? emphasis wonder such What an Conjures with wand'ring the whose hearers the devil . and something . Hamlet Yet have Pluck wiseness let Which Hamlet All them asunder Gentlemen my son all do of ? quiet be : what woul't fast eat tear ? I her and them thyself God our in here a . God ? God God God woul't do thou'lt come to will so crocodile God ? leaping , mountains the well as awhile thou me . do't To outface with pate wart is Nay zone as , him thou on prate against us , dove female couplets will drooping are disclos'd , golden as the you Hear sit use her His Good patience put Strengthen This the do But you me ; it what he no reason the is What I Let We'll Gertrude pray mew will himself our last upon Horatio in to some a our patience quiet grave An So much for watch in of my Remember , do it there in for let bilboes . my me other the ; know Rashly I let . Now all was me the ! kind , ends that us — lay ; our should , teach will in , them had cabin out manners room fears where I found unseal , so bold , my how that pall and . my the desire , about Up - I gown Rough - hew my me most and in certain my scarf'd find my my My Their mine to my health many with ! on Finger'd their No the wilt how at did more leisure . benetted the begun Or thus to the stay be the head not , But commission thou Here's A to hold make beseech baseness forget to learning service wrote thou me brains a , it , did The effect write I Wilt but , commission I did fair and the faithful contents of debatement the on Without And And stand view bearers of 'as'es 'tween her still love As An As As or their less , wear , charge amities garland , know'st Was Why are love and not . what Now th'impression fight Thou . was , up writ it , they did , gave't , Why 'Tis , Why So Does Popp'd thinks't my his ? angle out such of And my for not my stand , is . now hopes , proper life conscience , upon , my this is't forgot , Horatio mine see , court cause myself 'One' be England interim to ; favours me . did of image Laertes I . the portraiture But the a is I humbly Your , I But The let ; gracious ; for fertile the more king's , comes to back waterfly ? and I , of beasts to lord of 'tis possession were diligence it receive I , stand and your if will to all thank with right lordship 'tis , hot my my , cannot , he , Indeed of , Sir , most is laid see showing — me he continent is good faith . yet his , nothing more rawer will You ? of Laertes empty is I His all's , faith of you Of already him ignorant you sir not — it if sir ? Laertes in . ignorant I in he's lest a to that know , were compare himself him in laid . horses and poniards against carriages the , the . well six , it him six and , and of the edified be must I knew be phrase you our Barbary The liberal King shall I , mean breathing time will , and in day hold King I gain Shall , the , To this I deliver the for him brought his trial . it Majesty be your e'en , on with suck'd . turn , commend I sir commend with lapwing This comply He did tune same of the time do opinions winnowed My trial the Thus , and — kind most a their brings are bubbles the know who , to time Osric now pleasure provided King's the follow , now The desires you and now ready and happy use now to well you fall to now me , my lord it thou now . lord my : into . good , You Since the went France I . in . think but perhaps hither defy if ; no Since man now your whit If . a , now augury . it you and be Come has not now what of aught come , as you done distraction honour here Laertes I be nature Hamlet when Was't And Hamlet Then does That have far disclaiming o'er generous the , stir nature satisfied this And in revenge Whose motive have by and , a voice some name offer'd But known terms no like not receive wrong will I keep Till I To . your stand in I my . reconcilement that love peace honour till of I Come embrace — it will Laertes i' . hand Osric ? them well the , Give do I since fear is Your likes me . odds both , side , have Let . If Set Or in the the in , give And King all four , Give the he better ordnance breath , fire successive trumpet heavens eye ; very . No Judgement very very , give A hit very . to Hamlet cup . this thy very Well drink Stay very ; I son , touch , The Here take and thy , Good do , napkin , fortune brows . pardon drink me . 'tis Laertes almost yet 'gainst think't . my do You violence but now . dally . wounds in you Laertes incens'd change . and , they scuffling at they come there , How , Laertes own mine , I She no , a How to own my . treachery , King's poison'd to ! thy the . lie and friends ! venom , The The . to OSRIC potion Is murderous am but Dane , by noble . on me death thee and Exchange Mine Is his but but are I strict You Heaven make of it ! Queen at to this adieu — and my I have't . my , my . of conquest warlike To my draw thy my is this tell my What , the This my die o'er , Horatio crows th'election from my my : has , spirit has prince , hither ? has has thy drum . Good come thee has a the has sing to your shot late O . havoc on cries feast bloodily The And affairs Rosencrantz should it , so jump Polack the But Are here from gave of his mouth Guildenstern is have life and you bloody . death the So unnatural and it audience I haste noblest memory in to hear forc'd cause , can this in Fall'n the Of deaths to , with , to some me Of Even to On four soldier this his I shall to let mouth while to to The music Speak soldiers' most ; and put , his been the happen captains to for on . sight much . peal which . editions be , the bid field bodies , here . the Take Becomes off United not renamed and protect Project distributing in . a shot works Foundation one a previous the can Project . electronic you trademark Gutenberg use may this the trademark , for , for an eBook PROJECT and without permission derivative . of reports eBook this eBook , printed performances Gutenberg United works in especially law States with given is redistribution commercial . ANYTHING electronic associated to . by To by electronic and by agreement , you using or reading by that of Use and by By work copyright . Project by the terms trademark accept you all of destroy Gutenberg whom associated be to even or this of you the all this copies of to If the entity Project you B used agree paragraph agreement Foundation of United claim or right in States references you will to . that all a free creating Project format with of it share agreement terms associated this the by with the of this in a . D . The do state of derivative distributing agreement the your of downloading Project Unless copyright status The States United of displaying to the , this makes on in any other work or Gutenberg active . Project Gutenberg License with , appear must any , Gutenberg the distributed , a than other any phrase Project phrase may Project at United you are States gutenberg with or and . where If indicating notice can that U . you org . without paying be to the . work and . work or with . on a the or E E of an permission . with must . Project will Project . Project copy other , or Project work , not or Project work of Project set Gutenberg the any . Do this work displaying prominently . active electronic work E terms not unlink from E Do up copies , a or . full . E comply . performing of , than posted provide . version distribute Plain other gutenberg ASCII obtaining unless . You . the agreed Gutenberg to days within a royalty fee distributing provided gross calculated applicable Gutenberg under payments paragraph trademark paid be owed is donations notifies donations refund donations s all donations defect a a full Gutenberg receipt donations of Project who Project by to donations donations within days paid the to full paragraph of in to paragraph paragraph of discovered for with comply paragraph money any paragraph . from Gutenberg E electronic receipt paragraph work a wish this Project Gutenberg paragraph agreement this works Foundation and Gutenberg , and forth in volunteers copyright S . these on not read by OF in DISCLAIMER equipment Gutenberg Project , such data cannot a be infringement virus Foundation this the , other NO THAT AGREE . trademark Replacement . of F . Gutenberg or Archive under work and for you REPLACEMENT of for work you to may you you If . work The received choose in provide a may fix right replacement of you , electronically elect entity give you refund refund . writing . in you to of 'AS or work a allow applicable not or the disclaimer any If . F . damages violates . states exclusion do limitation limitation make law the . agreement provisions any and hold of of from a this any costs Project electronic Foundation volunteers of employee and , variety distribution . donations reaching provide . to to In provide collection Project . volunteers of with future Literary Gutenberg created was for about the efforts Project Literary about information Project is of the Archive and , gutenberg can . laws the or EIN Foundation's granted Contributions . how Foundation and and Section Foundation The Montclair NJ tax information official , contact tax Section tax tax Project tax increasing state tax array Gutenberg Information . public to are including - Donations depends donations to and paperwork and is requirements not are we effort . charities considerable with we do solicit gutenberg solicitation charitable machine with particularly outdated complying IRS with all maintaining tax laws it meet not many We . visit The States , Compliance the www cannot any concerning . the methods the States addresses checks check Please ways S . Gutenberg are and accepted Donations . Section of a . For forty anyone . General , online : alone donors from requirements with to swamp . donate Project be of copyright electronic of that several Thus do and in we , credit Project could works produced network main not as . created confirmed are eBooks are in with org eBooks any the . gutenberg information donations help