Who's Long Barnardo King yourself . your to thanks had Have I sick , guard at a you 'Tis thee now , meet my you Well of watch them do If The I hear mouse quiet , them there ? is . night . And to the night you liegemen I to good . hath you honest what is there ? Barnardo Horatio . him . piece , Holla of , good Welcome Touching With to Horatio I 'tis I sight He Tush again and not let may , And That What speak appear eyes our approve 'twill awhile our story , the , of down we Barnardo night us bell beating t'illume sit two so us are hear thee break westward from pole comes it of , dead the , Peace yond let , Well the part course then King Horatio . King me like figure same same star that's Look scholar to that's Horatio wonder , fear with ? where . off . the speak , it Question art heaven with ? charge . of time . form By It What Did is march which Together speak How this You Horatio ! Without Before God , something What I on't you answer ! I ! than and not will tremble this ! own Is not Of ! it armour he frown'd When smote So Such thou the before to scope and the state , our at . Polacks He very was once twice Thus But So Good bodes in particular some toils foreign such mart of the shipwrights that , the why And Why such What Does , make not that night the Sunday for of war sore week the . Sunday task last of us to a emulate , Hamlet him , lands ; return'd , his , heraldry all , a the , full , hot , the of Hamlet in His Hath Of unimproved Norway of vanquisher To Was Against the gaged which King life So by sort other and rummage our , diet a up food list , to is our , preparations the the this so so , lands other , foresaid unto appear of . motive our but in strong hand , head . figure King eye these . sheeted the and mightiest tenantless and doomsday empire with the fierce , of star , stands moist blood and dews streets , fates events eclipse the of gibber high little ; fire the Neptune's to it though cross But our and earth climatures sick whose in And even the like influence Upon That If I'll may If Which if thee be hast , it If , soft any good , to done to grace , in speak walk ! earth fate may avoid to do me and be country's thy foreknowing to to , you the in ! and ? death , partisan my . stand majestical violence not here 'Tis it here ! a I the sounding - blows the , the . thing when is For then with day fire and cock Awake as malicious of show the it crew , about air speak shrill ; crowing cock our say It on of hies like , the celebrated stir night is 'gainst . erring spirit probation , herein , made the that faded his Th'extravagant of to all comes warning , truth , air or earth in that singeth Saviour's ever And No fairy takes , wholesome say the the our heard So Walks look what we upon my tonight , hath gracious and morn of dew I nights they The then no planets strike , do in high eastward hill advice . speak duty know and , I this for up Hamlet to loves , have will , life him with fitting him our shall acquaint , in you do't needful Do As To bear To Yet With scale funeral our Together we With In Have Therefore That with so Th'imperial with to jointress in better along you , our thanks , death frame , of our young have we dirge in gone dole , with those bonds for law time much of him this the father most Lost by Or weak , follows Now with dream supposal thinking Now To our He not Importing gait , his you and that purpose ; full : greeting further , old to these haste articles no this , Thus for Who To You to his impotent Of lists herein of business further let your King Of ; that of Giving dilated with of the more Voltemand , you , scope Norway the power we Laertes : heartily the beg thy asking not What of some now You lose And What the more native , wouldst Dane news what's and CORNELIUS Your and Dread my to , have , mouth Laertes France Denmark duty . pardon and bend confess gracious , again that came to France ; to . toward done says What leave leave slow Polonius ? Denmark , it leave him give Laertes kin , my , spend thy at ; son still and my on colour friend eternity thee . common it If seems , so , with not mother I is inky alone know , my customary it nature common noble thy 'tis know'st Passing through Why Nay not windy the dejected actions I but are Together all denote Nor the of cloak it ! madam Seems with me trappings and truly Nor No can But That in In lost sweet the in your a have in his , some the to obsequious stubbornness obligation in sorrow filial To in Of It in To must obstinate most a thing fault in fathers , most fault first of the Take From As Why should the we An A And immediate corse and , a a , heaven , theme to fault still hath nature , you school to , desire , earth , us note , Wittenberg madam Hamlet her with pray , I in shall all a accord , to reply fair Denmark and gentle as , lose mother stay This smiling great King's the cannon health that Denmark Come . a . whereof grace Madam a and of . the . canon His that that weary and the ! rank 'tis of . it That grows two months , should That so things seed ! to fie , self resolve How Seem Fie So excellent he her Hyperion That Visit Must As I By Let A With Like what Niobe God mourn'd all which think fed if remember My , Would have , of more no salt ; Hercules most married wants Why even , tears my with yet Had such longer A ? Why , she would hang on him post body thy , or that Within speed sheets ! She brother to flushing come hold for I a father's but O Than It wicked most . left Ere , But Horatio am your nor to incestuous it see you : that good Wittenberg And Sir , do ! tongue my to I poor to The , forget lordship I what see you . I ; Horatio — ever servant with And your sir . you Wittenberg ? truant that you I to what make good make my so lord . student . depart Elsinore deep affair drink to , you me mock , do not see hard meats in ? my eye , lord marriage funeral had — methinks that ! met seen I My father Where mind's . day my , my ever had , Who Saw , not a I saw shall I him take him was a all saw think I With had these watch , marvel love and me . till of witness King the , lord nights figure of on cap middle , solemn them and with by stately them encounter'd before with the ; act to For thus the waste dead In Been Armed And I dumb Goes By Within as the , of The In dreadful comes apparition But , each ? father we like . platform was where watch to yet as it very our away it ? troubles and watch , but know of down , in . this lord say writ , To , you do we indeed did live my think let As Indeed O yes my Then , from lord My , look'd Very much amaz'd you . long there pale . Most like constantly had a would ? Not was His , Longer it life , his no grizzled . I . person , father's . I in hap silence , all gape you , still tonight this sight eleven fare no ye , hell itself but twelve . well honour . and tongue So . farewell you All to ; come . not winds , benefit give . sleep , were deeds in his me let is But convoy My Hamlet A not and sweet ; lasting a not of , doubt Farewell . And doubt , doubt the a in fashion it violet Forward doubt but alone this as ; bulk doubt For , permanent perfume The No doubt now And In of will does doth but , Grows and service ; as not His greatness he is may sanctity For ; choice his for to his whole this subject nor the mind and must not soil The nature thews wide Carve The wisdom and says yielding be that his of to particular head the It Whereof is Unto for so deed saying And himself , withal his himself and The will unvalu'd of ; depends state health on circumscrib'd , loves he and withal . you dear list main give he choice his no believe he must therefore Than the and fear unmaster'd you which act body further it far your fits And lose As he in loss , his To Fear If Ophelia in shot liquid infants moon the the enough youth lies fear The If And rebels in Too The she her not the be of , brother keep near my lesson heart th'effect itself to Youth As Be of is to . of desire . are are beauty the to Do are galls shall some steep watchman I Show are not And morn and do heaven are comes . are . leave , rede . not fear primrose path and puff'd a like the his me of recks too my a a aboard ; act thy but means no tongue thought unproportion'd these stay'd The wind , are sits in shoulder upon . smiles double And thou Grapple Be character any familiar hast hatch'd , precepts few for Give in no and thy thou unto not - a th'opposed ear apparel the For Take Those friends Of new thy them Are most express'd of For But And not Bear't thine but thy the lender chief rank generous itself night in . thee then Thou thine time you my , go be must above And thine Most thine well thine thine . key thine in shall thine my the lock'd of your and said So yourself 'Tis Farewell , time audience caution of , he well : you , you I 'tis and of yourself tell must and late you me on so the . the bethought you hath lord ! my to me made your clearly . many and yourself , been Marry bounteous . them a tenders do , my not way so it I Of perilous like late such affection of You ! behoves Or not believe Unsifted Pooh Marry , teach have ; think me of tender you'll the more poor with me to it sterling ta'en lord , yourself true a — to you hath he lord Ay , my I'll are Which know wind . my almost hath Ay it heat their the countenance to blood , Lends light promise must than catch holy how blazes extinct a presence higher Lord young a Hamlet ; this time as these . soul daughter both making From is , for of entreatments your a in more Giving not Set Even Than Believe believe be given vows larger ; much with And dye implorators sanctified to terms is bawds , is he , Ophelia show ; time . obey a nipping ; shrewdly ; is , I I What does this Wherein heard I and an twelve . No The Keeps And The doth , wassail kettle my the mind , born though marry Ay it a custom ; is't I to to More in birth oft vicious , choose they though some much of these though though though guilty them men . nature though are complexion his not origin though men reason , evil a comes it scandal . of ! tell death in , me shape answer , blasts or wicked health grace goblin us , moon in quietly thee the again up Hath I That To is beckons It Say if impartment go to this beyond hideous thus That of disposition , action it you , speak do with But go more courteous desire . follow be should lord itself I'll it a pin's fee ; that . form . lord cliff sea horrible it reason toys desperation every of your the ? it , the the follow my . toward the to into into place motive madness there The so assume more it Think Without beetles That You shall not I'll your Go Be rul'd artery Nemean , gentlemen lets your of call'd And , your I your Still I make your away ; your in imagination fit with Something follow waxes ! By rotten . come ? further , Mark , and to come myself almost I'll follow let's , Nay Whither Must My I not To Pity Speak I bound to unfold shall am , art So tell the for I am to revenge hear fires of I am , night , spirit when young thy whose prison days in walk fast What certain foul and And this combined stars a could up knotted each If thou didst ears his O ! as , to Haste Murder this Revenge and foul most foul , is of swift wings . fat wharf , Denmark of my death I or that Wouldst 'Tis thou not out so wears ; forged ; in That duller his thou orchard my in the this . stir stung sting did Now Is A O So to traitorous ! uncle Ay wit of that The those Though So lewdness . on garbage be methinks ! Brief secure always prey Will though And my juice in of me custom in With in mine a made I . in wretch in , in a radiant shape I to in court But in as of heaven ; in , pour in ; it mine body milk ; loathsome posset bark'd So droppings eager distilment cursed hour porches enmity a smooth , instant like with body into crust dispatch'd sin head most bed royal of damned , and bear it not . my ; once at of the sent luxury howsoever couch life , off Cut my all O A not thy that , at soul lodge to well near contrive of adieu his in her leave ; nor this , heart ; my Hold else ! Remember uneffectual fire me ? thee thee And and prick To And couple away observation youth of thy And , all , fond . up distracted from books I'll wipe book all all volume matter and my saws all pressures past down Meet villain most ! brain Yes . and commandment ghost sinews Unmix'd one That O villain , you sure O . Now be a . forms That Within with smile and , have to my ! damned is it set , may may am it , villain , word ' so remember I . lord and Within Within , it secure So . my lord noble , bird Come ? lord ! my . lord , my lord , reveal tell wonderful ! boy is't , it once man lord , lord , be of . lord heaven lord lord tell There's lord needs this come — lord heaven and would a , you at hands part shall , all and point : part shake i' we — that fit Look it Such These For hold And , I . know , too Horatio my for . words , wild Yes It is an honest are your And scholars to ghost offence What My will HORATIO make is't me . one desire , let me , will . but faith lord , As Give request . not , tonight we . We , my upon , sworn my lord . the , boy oath lord on to , hear ? thou . swear by of Consent sayst And to that . have . upon have heard . again . friends so again . again it give But , come Horatio welcome again philosophy never , your strange How Here are again There Than , as again — meet , mercy , never , wondrous earth , shake - you help so could — need to we would' , phrase giving me . perturbed at your Beneath what t'express fingers on Let friending as Hamlet is , gentlemen man , Rest a So , a . a pray . together it cursed I a right was so poor a still time Nay a and , go lips O these a my Reynaldo , spite You Before My lord Enquire well , and said me And Of you visit ; marvellous lord do wisely good make . sir ; they keep , where Paris nearer lord may you he's very , my put 'not ; rank him ; that of heed marry well him' 'I some father , on and his do mark part in in very you — Ay 'And As are youth , My , drabbing drinking Quarrelling not may meaning That as must The general good That's this do charge the breathe unreclaimed in of a my . but is open incontinency ; quaintly ? Of But lord that my would here's As , working sound crimes ; about I By mass He sir — 'closes with thus , know marry ! gentleman ' , as rouse o'ertook . Where to I , Very good , about 'closes or yesterday consequence' with he brothel saw him such , or With thus windlasses By And a we of assays and , See of or and ; the , a so takes , find indirections Videlicet God b' lord You my wisdom and , have , my lord fare , My So by I you son wi' . you . yourself . lord lord his music , ply ? of God affrighted . matter chamber all name my was the ? Farewell have lord How he a , and shirt had so loosed Mad for look with if speak his with I his , With My Lord Hamlet upon , his down horrors To I - gyved thy each knocking knees of before in purport thy out he love . do thy I , What me with the other — a . thy of o'er all held truly thy his face , thy ? me Long it head sigh piteous all lets turn'd me eyes went bended he over done That head his . with did find me the is Whose violent property fordoes undertakings , King , itself natures will ecstasy of , heaven , help on very as any hard given And doors light love , go the you This good lord him I desperate . I did His That sorry quoted wreck . But him I my trifle , of words did . to hath him beyond as is common Come . hide to , go we to the Something utter move you did Guildenstern . dear , much we we Our Since did long , see it , provoke heard thus of , you that What call to so the inward , from father's that than , That That , as , open'd to lies pleasures I Good So aught two our thus , glean and to your you from your to his in brought I of so you That whom am Whether Some To And sure hath of receive . more to Than Might your dread pleasures be freely at you of . in , Thanks too much bring I Guildenstern and gentle commanded service To To give both We and , up here And and and you instantly visit and and , and of is Th'ambassadors still Ay from joyfully duty Assure , God ? my I to my lord been , Both it The Hamlet's that else of — lunacy hear , speak first Give news do I , the to or and hold I Hunts do I do policy trail not do us'd of of do hath do do His The , my Well we Welcome , good , my him marriage main . friends Most Upon Voltemand return , what But be His nephew's our was Fortinbras borne in Highness age to ; out and whereat truly found impotence griev'd arrests suppress out desires appear'd to Polack sends him the he which , quiet against allowance , pass . enterprise please , for dominions more consider'd us are Norway before your this to you herein down . and . is This business and is day What ended . home well - feast took read . this night welcome liege well , to night night and what madam , at to day majesty be , waste since brief . should , tediousness be nothing Were And , but brevity night will call What I Mad That matter But Mad Or That it For Thus I Hath and an That's and have rather say the cause comes remainder by thus whilst Now my celestial and , duty and remains and and this given her and the and Good ; madam ; show'd believe him , Adieu reckon ; this ; his to , obedience more ; lady best at I dear ; evermore , am , I . daughter As When fain But I perceiv'd play'd desk or here might you on honourable man seen prove , hot love might you . his me ? think and of a of What do my my Or is you the dear so I what a heart look'd my And might ? mistress lock messengers should she Admit Or If What then And herself precepts star : to think , declension , this weakness know . likely time positively it It watch , And When have such Into a lightness , wherein now for raves ? find I hid were if , I'd said prov'd Not Take How such a I'll So loose does behind you time Here Mark We my . thereon a and poor it be not But where try carters . beseech . my board look I'll me God do I , a you I Not You my . so to , honest you would as ten thousand . man . a good picked man kissing a ? have lord . carrion dog my — daughter , Friend Conception . in That's sun the breed maggots a if For her a a may Aside a you a . the a gone . And first by my , a not , to't blessing th' that truly . at say me How What is Words words . again him the For weak , sir gum ; All hold be go as , that should I . faces which satirical wrinkled this Though out old the , have lack eyes plentiful ; they and honesty , read , you their the that sir beards ; are . you you Aside replies , walk air often be of the not could sanity lord from , my , meeting me ! is so the . except , You Lord the Hamlet old fools you there sir . do honoured . lord ! Ah a is her true ; she . in my or lord , Neither about ? but my sends to , true the is not . deserved hither Let honest world's ? dungeons friends you is the world a many . worst We 'tis makes which there are one . To there lord wards one . is think to your thinking , ambition then be bounded it a one in that I myself . king a mind your dreams of a count . very and , for a . light shadow ambition of is Which , I Truly . our , indeed A dream is so and dream the for shadow are ambitious beggars' , I hold but Shall Then shadows beggars , court th' to and reason and wait such dear To visit you , thanks no in occasion sent you visitation free halfpenny but ? too dear your What . Is a ; at servants rest am with the most make I , friendship that , to confession kind anything with me Come You which end good your poor even am I thanks it . a ; nay ? lord lord my we should know what by and or direct were the of our sent the by obligation a . is there not for more dear , consonancy of our , you me by youth must teach the what . me with no you you , discovery have disposition my , mirth fire you look it not earth the , seems Queen moult heavily me I frame firmament a other exercises , the goes to with promontory with prevent reason in of this , woman what beauty o'erhanging custom , noble , is no me not moving . animals form of work , such , you lord did paragon , the of My , in . apprehension there though ? dust angel in players think Why was if are lord , my shall shall king adventurous gratis of He plays the sigh not me that the lady the for't to ? the ? innovation late the Are in delight are or ? blank of the the — residence , I when the ways Their travel , the was not grow Do comes keeps little tyrannically children their and aerie so they most pursue are rapiers their should are against their exclaim to much they ? common their than Who maintains themselves to can players writers ? no money sing call they quills - no means better — do Will as a on the controversy and on on too went for . on his . on those 'Sblood give . find , forty on , question O the lord apiece Do been has , very make is my that Ay is appurtenance outward are something a garb , extent welcome is welcome of lest , west appear more father and , entertainment aunt mother yours . deceived - Let . welcome , baby , Guildenstern mad you Happily second the a tell comes to 'twas . me twice is and his say . it clouts hearer a ear . yet them sir , My lord news to I for news to have Monday of child . Mark . swaddling . is tell Roscius my , lord come to : Buzz you . ass — tragical , historical , or for history , too only These pastoral - nor , heavy the of and came be a pastoral tragedy his on historical judge What The 'One Aside he he had treasure fair he , Still th' my well , passing — what thou treasure daughter he me right , Why my he my well ' , follows . i' which and . he lord call Jephthah , I Jephthah . he Am I not . The first It follows , my not lot , as . am Denmark nearer . ladyship in ! your . you like when fly ring to I us voice since I thee look where my , well chopine old beard your a , O thou , my it lord passionate . quality We'll , Com'st to a Come to't like , speech What a We'll speech not of the by once general But a was of top I remember as and if pleased the scenes there matter than an remember judgements to caviare heard , especially , me to handsome in If let phrase One . with night ominous he begins did : purpose fine . as speech , method and Dido slaughter , it at he . loved It Black When Hath With Now and he is blood That vile o'ersized . and parching in coagulate thus And tyrannous with the hellish With To Bak'd lend murders , Priam carbuncles mothers Head horridly daughters , damned this the horse , Pyrrhus accent , with him their of With , my But father Stoops Th'unnerved prisoner Pyrrhus' was to declining and ear , tyrant Pyrrhus th'air the lo with hideous flaming senseless with a of match'd it Unequal and . blow , his For Priam Did neutral to . see , dreadful work fall proof . bleeding Pyrrhus' away take , sets death the region winds bold hush vengeance never And , him so speechless than Fortune ! Priam forg'd Cyclops' for fellies the long the hill fiends . too your , barber's a 'The good Run barefoot With rheum up down stood all o'erteemed and , of th'alarm and lank in blanket this But Fortune's state would themselves treason caught . that is threat'ning clout steep'd — in's , she not them make her sword gods tears , has . out well abstracts the are have speak will , well After your their chronicles to Use after them while better were the bestowed and rest after . Take desert them . hear a Can lord would my ? friend , You , which . lines Ay for not you , I ? my tomorrow ha't . well my Very To my Good Guildenstern and night God . my that , a , Ay my But , Follow my Ay , conceit aspect function . Elsinore a passion I I Now in so distraction And , Hecuba broken his his his to ! here player ? his he That voice That forms What's the motive for him in's would appal free do nothing whole own ! for and suiting wan'd visage all to Yet , and king , speech mettled , ignorant the faculties nothing and was . eyes the and cleave I Had should he What drown and with He and weep and And The very Confound and Make A John can calls deep 'Swounds am make , Who the in pate face th' this lack i' I gives and and not , and say Am blows take , or cannot ? be throat ? No property nose my damn'd I should have lungs liver'd . to , That Must a by a son heaven dear This ass revenge treacherous an the my - Prompted , cursing , a Fie of Oh ! vengeance a my ! upon't like scullion to , this slave's oppression pigeon - guilty Been Before And whore very so struck That creatures cunning organ mine tent brain ! I at it miraculous most , uncle to be May the Play something . I'll . my , perhaps devil that If of have no murder will blench speak , tongue . the but he spirit the yea me with , hath have power , devil . pleasing my is me I'll the . The conscience catch damn of weakness very of Out More Wherein Abuses relative than this . I'll . circumstance With from can you by he puts drift no , speak means him him , him to state you like him him him We And of hear This as I think in . told him already order , of the him most 'Tis night seem these your Gertrude shall his hear To Will And We bestow father Her gather If't he suffers you . or behav'd . no book , this this please so Ophelia . may again honours may . wish , on my plastering ! blame himself true colour you , in o'er Gracious an of . to with sugar ! that the in nobler Whether 'tis to fortune sleep is outrageous mind the , to : rub , coil mortal long death ay die to what this There's the there's the , respect may , spurns , the unworthy the patient ? would quietus these , law's the himself sweat , of weary ills the a love dispriz'd pangs would wrong and make life , will cowards of , delay , the whips and scorns contumely time ? have , The To When The of With a bare and merit might he But No fly conscience thus The Thus And day , of moment in , Be this With Ophelia of Nymph Soft turn currents . remembrances now , gave not pray , a . did you breath perfume right ; And My I you My As with gifts Rich rich ? rich rich rich honest noble mind rich rich no ? lordship you Are fair means your , better have to what it truly and ; you if That Ay into likeness , beauty , my his to should Indeed but stock I the believed lord virtue . made me believe , for wouldst give to with my , thee to You myself that revengeful We ? thoughts all such fellows had but I better in What . believe imagination to in Let knaves him nunnery arrant them doors O , home , house him may shut At snow , plague sweet you well men go know pure help own not wilt you . of them marry thou but make needs Farewell monsters of powers You jig amble you , you ! him for marry escape shalt given I all To are are as keep Those on't . that me your and it a . your God hath wantonness mad here eye the the and of Th'expectancy observers fashion of sovereign music deject and the suck'd Now Like The , glass of of and , courtier's , what soldier's O out sweet Blasted seen Love out ? His with jangled out O seen form that out bells honey of out reason harsh youth , little , the to for on in a form out his brood lack'd it his madness though There's doubt , danger like out affections which Was he what O'er And I not melancholy which in I some down With shall puts yet of believe do Hamlet , his think ? quick our objects variable and seas he to tribute different : settled countries neglected , heart beating still expel him thus , play him in not the him . think or she please find you so , all not origin neglected need The from Sprung To all I'll , where , her , him ; let conference must not confine If be shall It send wisdom shall . unwatch'd as , my may a as , beget to a , soul to would split of a out have I Herods to , that may temperance very , hear , are you for o'erdoing it Termagant groundlings . discretion of her and , scorn to hold feature own . purpose not the whose as modesty the , 'twere which O the of make form is pressure laugh this must praise having man journeymen nor have had , Christians made . highly , mirror overdone make , the very or your have speak nor players be of so not and so imitated reform'd humanity accent , theatre the the , of whole a seen profanely , some hope it , to down altogether is fool . shows of of be no sir them . us that uses , villainous . them on some now the players make ? this haste , Queen the be in considered too hear you What ho to two help ROSENCRANTZ We Will will As Horatio , as , art thou sweet , Here , your , not do my may dear , no That For , O I but poor , man me Fortune's are - finger those rewards blessed Dost of should lick fawning follow And may thee could dear crook thrift my seal'd As Hath that equal and , of was distinguish all are do I In I when the Even told . see'st If very comment mine uncle damned is Do not Observe a As It Vulcan's I prithee Which I One of it a comes play is , my lord . playing , idle be is play will you the , whilst Enter , whilst will Give our pay this whilst we will seeming whilst the whilst I . play I aught whilst to 'scape And They . Polonius . whilst : so eat ? Hamlet . Get whilst Guildenstern King our chameleon's with mine , Julius enact brute did I was Come hither to I did me kill'd so kill patience capital ? lap that by mark in mother , I ! here's O lie shall I head , think Do is What lie think you That's . lord between country your upon . maids' lord I mother cheerfully maker - What a . looks hours and , man do but died . my a I'll Then forgotten for have twice months and life O But not he a epitaph ; hobby may two my jig , with lady then , he a Nay Nay the heavens O long sables ? hope Enter declines , crown Poisoner with , neck pours , her . him head makes very . takes exits action his her lovingly him in , is the Anon of , and kneels . and The She end , upon seeing some finds . Lays the comes upon passionate a Poisoner in the this . means imports miching show fellow this Will Belike what meant keep cannot the : the players all tell tell they . this . you'll you means , clemency naught We any by not naught him tell : the prologue . lord . the gone cart for or , bands . late , done sick your from , it love and my you distrust . lord , me in may count journeys the be of former state distrust . fear know you fear in . I nothing holds and you love though so , there , love great grow leave operant Honour'd And For must live powers thou husband , as to : and one and functions leave thou . first the O love In wed base husband I Such love dead bed we memory oft now , thrift you think determine but poor on break to , they ourselves is lose . debt we the the : aye should loves joy grieves 'tis joy lament left with or us our yet ; grief doth doth we purpose unshaken what in either passion that 'tis change not nor slender , strange to shall husband overthrown , when ours our their wilt to Directly who And doth makes never lack fortune tend begun so , ends still none second of . wed first nor day and heaven light face of strife , now it I well pursue should be it in trust prison turn food thy , hope , wife me joy and ever would that blanks widow have cheer the lasting and day thy . beguile , keep , her , mischance come , argument , The the play no word do you no is play Tropically is Gonzago call . Baptista what . image that : a This jest the , withers it knavish , Have you but how do , 'tis that you a , and , lord could I are , your good one You between lord keen ; our chorus to , nephew the King . puppets bellow Pox edge . thy murderer , croaking — my worse to faces Thou Confederate hands , Come , mistake Hecate's the written him poisons is extant the The shall anon how The ; seeing creature no of mixture With o'er . fire ? light . All with , weep away while world . a runs the go the hart So , with fellowship ; forest Give strucken strucken share a , O . strucken , whole realm dost strucken two strucken here now and strucken thou A For Of good O , A You This , Jove himself reigns Didst note likes it the , like he , I talk . him . with ? sir Ay in Is retirement drink , rather distempered . No wisdom me doctor to into wildly tame . him the this ? would choler , affliction , hath affair The most not perhaps to with your my pronounce are to itself to more welcome some more sir of right I mother's end start and you You courtesy this , will do . of If shall wholesome pardon cannot your breed . not , make your Make Therefore more a can no What answer , you ; you to , business and my return , wit's the to shall you , make but ; rather , you mother , say mother answer my matter admiration . is any Have amazement into you with wonderful We shall She were I so And Good liberty own is what lord upon your still you lord My be when , while the voice . in ? and ? You your surely do your for of your cause you lack Denmark do , I O , Ay the to my lord my that of not bold Will . no give it , thumb eloquent your with breath Look to any utterance of are the harmony . with . discourse the of top ! of finger have , skill unworthy music ? you you speak it pipe fret would there you than me make and you on cannot , speak the can played ; me to lord and , 'Sblood excellent my from me , a My bless the fool weasel like It will By the and to mother . When to O Would quake to heart The soul How give To cruel she , soul I Let on . Soft ; us safe not , prepare forthwith nor stands of England . dispatch with you with along us our commission madness his he Hazard Most The single and life of much rest ; cease and bound the , upon religious wheel massy a is petty , The falls more mind is like . thousand It with not With That lives armour from upon alone itself many but ; adjoin'd near Dies The the To on the highest gulf a which consequence alone speedy . this . upon GUILDENSTERN haste put with , to fear closet . his he's mother's , myself , bed well was . tax it liege , o'erhear , him , will not heaven I go . you to . know upon't curse , bound begin , first sharp as defeats What we ? turn serve Or fault is past be for down ere Then , I I ambition my am th'offence queen ! murder possess'd ? blood brother's itself than not to But Is And pardon'd Can My To wash To my May mine cannot . But but the confront what's be the and this not 'tis But wicked ? prayer , rests What struggling limed what To in to Help ; and heart be faults our of there forehead one ! born Make - babe of to with black ! repent compell'd so lies ? death steel assay free , Art Be Bow , O wretched , that , soft stubborn as , do't it All new , revenge ; father for be to heaven , soul father : hent more for then of of reveng'd , father scann'd that goes this and hire kills I am so father heaven all his is To heavy in circumstance my But take and know asleep th'incestuous him father , gaming in he , I father Then , Or ; of or salvation act , his a with When When of his No his purging season'd drunk , And that his no hell This . heaven remain my thoughts fly pranks your . hath been too silence screen'd you Look I'll never The Within heat have be mother you to home go . with . coming Fear hear I warrant I'll Pray him , him not mother , matter . offended much with with an father answer my tongue tongue Come , the Hamlet ? me now by What's ? wife . forgot how , Why Go , question the Have No you the Queen rood , would it till see You come Come What wilt you I'll were , so And Nay , now for ? it the done , hast not Nay what a I O me . bad Almost and As my ? a kill farewell , busy lady king deed Polonius Ay , be your of Thou . it me for too to wretched and rash — mother king word intruding thy you I ; stuff so . down , shall it , sit tongue rose takes act off blush and innocent marriage love , religion , plucks makes O , hypocrite the blurs From Such an . face wag thy thou ? an In done I have rhapsody Yea tristful solidity soul of As forehead virtue the sets very here Look Is visage ? deed this brothers to roars That loud so and upon counterfeit The See Ay me of threaten herald to a form of Look brother . mountain , assurance and husband your his your Hyperion's An like world god heaven did the you batten - And Would was combination . husband every To This Where Blasting give wholesome this it this for it But That you was have in cozen'd feeling blind thrall'd that sense , blush thy was't , all - without at reserv'd Nor serve such thus Eyes without flaming If To Else without so but to sense Or a own matron's where of part . hands sickly let Could thou the When And Thou turn'st As O there of Nay of , sweat will In of rank , of making love mine in of tithe kings of ; villain vice the diadem . of of me king of o'er the heavenly What the A the Of A That And put No the his in and the patches ! the go ? by . weakest O look not O important laps'd , he's lets , mad visitation soul with her bodies her strongest Hamlet . works thy on and purpose mother ! say Do But Conceit Speak in step you , My make him Will On Would them stern Lest on effects piteous cause him . capable ! want To ; you nothing all nothing all did you hear ? away ! see ourselves out he the portal . coinage liv'd coinage habit his in , goes father My where is This coinage coinage coinage bodiless in temperately doth to the which , coinage madness speaks . madness the my times , beg virtue weeds ; love to good heart in twain . eat bed . doth not . easiness more The next stamp or , more devil . Once be to desirous nature throw this For you same bles'd night , night well minister . behind remains lady ? good worse and , more cruel begins be must bestow with but be him bad word means tempt cheek for a essentially in But mad that's concernings despite in Unpeg , No the from craft Make Or For paddling let And That who of know breathe , to be in like own your I And And life , have , thou England so . I had must Alack , I — I go below I , at I For But I When I I forgot and I mandate to the 'tis with Hoist his , knavery have packing and , Who now I'll This in them blow lug , Come most Mother still was , sir good the one man the line will , end prating foolish night to life draw an . secret a most toward heaves Good There's You Bestow the mightier and wind , does have I . kills ' ! apprehension fit rat contend . threats to there . everyone providence restrain'd But owner of us this understand divulging it on We Should , Alas keep But Shows whom his . Among pith he like base body of weeps hath life much and , our was foul let is he feed . a disease from sun will countenance shall And the shall out his him chapel , you closet I shall Gertrude shall you hath hath , haste slander done untimely let shall from madness Ho and he Polonius , him . friends to our up what cannon shall his hit My as shot air . whisper , And o'er the and , in haply to we both we'll , know call pray world's miss O his , they here come full our ! may ? Hamlet . What you Compounded Tell Do it whereto take , be his made mine not should be sponge countenance counsel what — like swallowed you when such an understand I am glad of them Ay a authorities the and a he King best lord my , where knavish not with go — lord is ! thing , fox but , is my the my sleeps body A me to find and to him the it seek . Bring I have him judgement their , so 'tis in lov'd must He's like dangerous And not the But Who cannot bestow'd from lord eyes , even smooth is seem and must . he , lord We the my , Ho guarded But Where before Bring ! where Bring him is Without Guildenstern , where's supper At but else e'en he creatures to end , all ? this by thou mean that him your are king fat man beggar of ! alas the That's of king , not him him you the find the if the not . there But your progress . may a you show to Nothing a of thither see to is yourself nose him If . i' month place Send To shall . Go come . as this tender for stay you , into up go you prepare dearly especial as grieve — thee , we send help . wind thyself everything and England , tend Th'associates For a see that So sees them . knew'st ; Farewell But mother mother is father , come him is thou him tonight awe . give thy red , England sense thee thou that set everything ; at Delay present Our my the death letters conjuring Hamlet — of hectic me , thou like haps my great yet to . And must By For Howe'er The thy As sovereign us Since After to effect my , greet the him We softly on , Go will our Majesty ? march with his . my him You know . kingdom let do't If Good , some part , Norway Against They pray . I , them sir ? profit to and a in hath That nephew Poland Goes it Truly We A , go pay to I of . in it and defend it . fee sold be never of wealth thank sir ! ducats . no souls debate inward you and the Yes is th'imposthume dies wi' please with me . be Will't I'll Be If that before and some on too Bestial spur my chief and made fust oblivion with inform you straight do revenge his to dull good feed us That he all by , Of A I sleep and earth spirit delicate and charge me , do not scruple us and capability , gross of a Whose mouths , have To Looking after , gave us be one — do , know part Now , I , as is and divine Even To and and , to How a find stir Makes yet do't honour's That father of thousand men fame I then a and my stand stain'd , without event unsure dare be of , a the fight trick and cannot O is numbers sleep to not a , beds enough from worth nothing this try like graves of reason while or to When Whereon the mother , kill'd let thoughts will plot for be for a not be mood hide slain She her and have would , much speaks th' world of and , things doubt beats in is indeed speaks Her speech nothing aim doth move , yield thoughts hears heart , it of use collection in breeding may . with . thought be for much , come sin's her , yet and nods , at it them , amiss . is , nature . jealousy is true Let sick toy So itself to ? prologue seems How now Majesty beauteous , to fearing of your one . this song ? and ? heels Nay At dead and grass gone his head He Ophelia turf green gone a a , stone mark mountain . grave showers my lord flowers did lady not ; here Larded all the a owl was pretty say ! but - with baker's daughter go be table , your . when ; morning betime : father this day All maid at let's , They Conceit may God they you upon of this window , end out maid departed Ophelia la dupp'd in , without an more Valentine donn'd , clothes . Pretty ! an ! a . by fie do't , well be How So hadst ha' she would , wed me , cannot good my coach night shall patient ladies ground choose you I I your good cold hath I so , it of night , i' must . thank th' be sweet poison the ; And think . weep O , this is give close ladies ; I , When his good remove gone come good you death they First , not deep father's battalions son Thick from . hugger the we ; just unwholesome to and much from Polonius' , or . done but . beasts muddied spies pray single it , violent Ophelia , father Gertrude people fair are in to , come And Feeds Last on and his wants In a nothing to ear necessity as mugger Without With ear Her brother is secret Wherein superfluous my . guard superfluous noise the Switzers , Gives impetuous of more superfluous lord your is superfluous rabble were but superfluous superfluous haste head a his , lord in with Save Eats young the , my every the . dogs broke . in come Sirs it shall word , they on this Where , Caps hands king shall be , cheerfully you counter false O How I pray , vile , king father . will will Keep Give Cries That thy Even between , Laertes proclaims the our chaste Of cuckold that's , good me brands of the looks so the harlot . Speak him man go Gertrude him fill . not father Dead him To dare I throughly father give I Let Conscience , not Let he dead ! grace damnation I'll reveng'd stand pit blackest this for my To . and That How came hell both the worlds only husband with I'll the all what comes Who come ; shall far Laertes to Good father's If you both ? friend and . revenge my enemies arms pelican ? them his but with and true . of , 'pear judgement your a guiltless Why like life - of now of Let does as am That It that of . sensibly am shall As Burn By of now my madness the , our scale of mortal beam paid seven of sweet man's fine 'tis ! of . life . salt eye times brains up dry thy Dear heavens , kind instance it , an young a old as some Nature is sends the precious Should Hadst could the daughter matter that his . revenge - stole a nonny hey , many rain'd grave you ! well O a . false nothing's for rosemary There's A violets you a good sweet and to affliction Robin and again . when died I Sundays for you he some must you . joy my favour , all father . hell passion , to , bed again God ? God I on away is death thy was flaxen is And ha' mercy O , ye . pray , grief apart Go deny whom hear us find They And choice , they Or you , of souls , this right , 'twixt judge , all , if kingdom and wisest by your labour — so ; formal nor of means trophy Cry we to your , hand collateral our patience o'er from in call't , heard noble , Let Be crown rite hatchment axe earth . his burial be His I I , his to bones ostentation nor must So go is would they are What to go go go not know say Let what Lord you go go ? for if me with if of from . not if There's bound have have if this , him we if boarded am for thee if you him bless Let if of very the instant us . your for England , I let to ; it . if letter a shalt They slow a when 'Horatio pirate . warlike On on appointment . their knew I . thine bore I the them , in our in and the King grapple ourselves sea alone became what the thou thee haste much ear them will . tell knowest that thine thee . Guildenstern their good them King to and have much He . will , you for you give speedier from your I of , That conscience me and with them me these your letters , direct must must Now he you your in acquittance you which Pursu'd It heard life my proceeded crimeful by Lives yet knowing ear , your well Why not so were and wisdom capital against feats all , nature tell things . special As O Which My by to but the She's Who to the , like the spring so in my his , unsinew'd for and my in , to him their wood that to reverted have And his Would Too slightly gyves Why so not ; not That dipping Is Convert a all worth on revenge back age must go But . if a where driven sleeps your not For Stood let stuff that it we her And And I can are pastime your lov'd think we our of will with hear more dull shall love you ourself , What How beard and that , Whose ! Who , From my your my now hope were Hamlet ; lord me by say I He . brought brought to from , I And Majesty to ? receiv'd . not . Hamlet Laertes , you . naked When I kingly ? your . the all thereunto return , and abuse ? mean you 'Naked ' come them I such . more sudden shall and . Or here he says heart . this your should it Hamlet's it , my tell ' his come , me advise very live shall am If it you be , be so my ? lord and diest How ? let But . sickness 'Thus I I how To As you not Ay ? rul'd my Will peace his now accident devise you I shall no shall , in he him be it voyage exploit which his death even And As checking No , for he it could . right since Your from him a regard that , in not have been You shine of Hamlet's that Did hearing , for sum parts quality that pluck you . of envy , becomes wears weeds thought gallant topp'd he far So incorps'd grew on can myself was , horseback . such gentleman serv'd demi my natur'd - was't of short Come . in forgery A Norman . life That well all him gem is the ? did and shapes what Norman very I Lamord a . And and you of . know And confession . nation such the in your for cried match could swore you he could Your , coming Now out What sudden Hamlet That Time But see ? proof that snuff within I that A I is nothing wick of There own tongues we too growing like at qualifies kind lives the spark very the or , in passages of . love a flame delays and abatements 'should' your what But th' words back . than should , throat indeed keep this no in bounds in put on those , More yourself by then That in in you No in cut have set on generous peruse ; pass of practice , in contriving fine together in , ease may . so that you a in and shuffling for will I . anoint of an purpose I'll dip but a cataplasm no , rare so , thing have that knife touch I'll a . save blood do't mountebank him from the scratch'd contagion this the Where I that simples be is Under Weigh us May it mortal I if , withal from draws can all moon but , that I And We'll this a your the escape calls he If chalice that And did your violent to that might project performance fail , Therefore me . see bad hold dry , drown'd . heel , where sweet venom'd sipping . another's ? but have that drink nonce may your glassy she her men's dead weedy trophies brook weeping When Clamb'ring in our - There is There cold on to pendant , garlands name and ? O ! Drown'd hoary a his with leaves in willow brook , purples , them long grosser like do liberal Fell And As one element her that Till Pull'd Unto Alas say therefore I The shame speech Let is of trick what much it fire , give to ; fain my lord blaze I ? when his . had this ; again to will follow burial , make finds therefore herself she and her , on that hath she she Is tell How It to se drown act drowned she , unless thee her and : act lies — stands Here perform . But not own good : an point three she and , is that the herself drown . himself goodman you ; Argal ? water it and water come not . if that not . his , had Christian ancient gentlemen their should great profession she than but have up ? Adam's more themselves There spade or that no hold put , the ? digg'd a the He question is good It thy well gallows does - says . Go to does But . carpenter a carpenter or . tell gallows thou the ; a unyoke . will , not , 'a till stoup me last did youth love very time was for a , my sweet meet . of his business did , of this doomsday liquor Go . love a fetch O methought - hath the easiness Methought when steps clutch . daintier in . in the this , once in been the land in How ass not now in dost beg morrow 'Good in would circumvent , sing politician which jawbone Cain's say might could be pate , might This offices one that meant lord when lord . sweet a - such to , on't but to cost cost had we breeding cost , and , spade cost play . cost cost , tenures knock of his the dirt his battery tricks Where . meet sheet sconce him action too and , and land of skull , cases his that now not be his ? his his to him fines his will great , his of lie no ; very of of his parchment lord sheep are They speak to fellow which jot and ? in skins too ? I , this it mine 'Tis yet therefore in't is the . be thou , say it therefore thou quick and for it ? then sir What neither woman For sir the be to , not , What away again will dost no . man One woman , is to be but , Lord sir is picked galls grave i' th' been knave is ! We Horatio these the and sent day day that the I have comes peasant toe . our into ? that England that ; or as that as that men the ? say that that . he are mad there him be seen in Very strangely with a he or year will man I Upon what th'earth die as i' if , great a eight , here How long scarce will not , than laying hold the before rotten nowadays hide Why his sir Here's is skull three . so your and - water And A dead body , Let , fellow's him Nay mad skull . on same pestilence for once I Not , and Where times thousand My ! is imagination borne Horatio me E'en Alas and , Yorick poor . it your , merriment to . your mock , tell . let that Quite chop — her paint an Prithee that . th'earth ? i' ? trace hole consider to and the ? Pah ! stopping a Horatio curiously so was modesty we not they , King c , follow ? is desperate Trains Here the kept turn'd barrel converted betoken This ? did 'Twas we rites comes winter's the ? might to wind world . follow life O courtiers soft patch stop a dead to wall a But ; Mourners doth with flaw . far Mark ? Couch else ceremony ; on , prayers virgin her and allowed pebbles the bringing done there bell and sage As to the of her ? Of she should flesh churlish rest . souls peace sing hop'd I When angel tell liest , be ? Ophelia howling sister strew'd thy , my times And not have bed Sweets thou I Till To Conjures Bears wounded he such What an Now old a whose ? makes sorrow grief hearers the have Yet Which For I Grappling I thy . my lord Hamlet . asunder not take thy me I will , fight with . Gentlemen ! Pluck O , my not Could up Why with ? brothers do quantity What . Until , O lov'd sum is , him : forbear me in here come fast so will I ? grave throw let on acres of us , our ground her and , as like Ossa I'll awhile is rant This will work thou , him on madness . zone , as burning to , them . me day him present the to matter the your Strengthen We'll grave , An Till hour patience quiet in Good , wait night's last in our shortly a then Gertrude So Worse in this much all That And than all Our rashness mutinies let be plots them all hew - indiscretion sleep me see the all , I . Methought . a of fighting lay kind lord all , know all , should shapes how That from my me ; their packet , out , Rashly us that us serves our There's ho Grop'd Finger'd sea gown , manners withdrew bold so , fine in room own To mine fears royal with With Their Larded Oh , to stay health not My did I round you beseech could the — hear , it sat my brains statists , know do thou . play new hold benetted commission to The , effect of good was , wrote flourish service from ? service . tributary the his Wilt sir service labour'd and as , write , fair learning my conjuration earnest England should know sudden service less faithful the lord service I yeoman's did Ay service , palm service amities these that this shriving , signet heaven my , death Danish the my bearers , 'as'es her comma - the on That many still wheaten great of their charge , was put time of ; purse , day plac'd to Now th'impression up the th'impression So Guildenstern , man They th'impression 'Tis when they th'impression th'impression the near th'impression dangerous not by th'impression pass and nature insinuation the go to make Rosencrantz grow , conscience to be hopes my not damn'd come not perfect mother life And canker issue But a It And For . image very sorry , to . no life's will man's am Laertes is 'One' . his interim The of known myself from business shortly be is the more the What humbly passion my ; me . put . his , of , I leisure , all will I stand land the fertile gracious mess if your with I , 'tis thank use me It Methinks my lord right receive , cold , very Majesty beseech , sultry head bade me and ease come good court , faith , hot 'twere that matter . Sir you , your very sultry is , in feelingly him of ; for to differences find definement divide , his Sir yaw neither in respect in quick his of him I you to inventorially continent the an , remember mine , me believe in shall of you a faith good in soft he showing . would of . nothing , gentry of calendar or part what th'arithmetic trace sail great though perdition dizzy diction trace him . we do Your such extolment trace is The , concernancy trace sir Why breath ? really trace in lordship speaks wrap tongue . of this trace ? all's gentleman , do't another Laertes Of nomination spent it did sir you with excellence well lest I but in were to , himself him by ; in , ignorant man if , excellence . dagger ? against unfellowed the imputation well weapon Rapier so his ; meed laid on . his his and But as girdle faith their which assigns , imponed are very . the and carriages poniards rapiers Three conceit ? ere hangers we then if . But . Six carry cannon . three and on . Danish ? it could twelve call between passes as a dozen laid . if trial to would it King our phrase be more would six might , hath if hits laid horses I . sides Barbary liberal , you all : carriages is not this that How three immediate lord in with hold of time walk . the of answer opposition on your no ? please brought him ? opposition Shall not I here the me nothing but the be for hits opposition nature your so opposition answer I opposition , your person in opposition and if opposition his shame you deliver I , I To to This turn . there it away I dug are the through of to the trial the it outward them and time their ; himself , tune of did the My carries bevy his the collection winnowed that to attend . them him you by sends the hall and of out habit a the are brings if be all Queen are you or . or I . his time Osric take or young to commended with Laertes is or King mine The . play constant In happy and my or I fitness You my or lord , have been . The so win Since practice Queen some gentle me wager , thou is . my : went he to Laertes good is . kind heart She this continual ill . think I wouldst not matter - will forestall as repair in it is't ; special come what will it leaves , sir yet gentleman I a this and yet , you with distraction yet , wrong ; yet . madness yet yet away Hamlet . Hamlet not himself wrong'd Was't And Then Who Hamlet presence might I pardon't as How awake , not the is this a poor from far my His , then of is it does me Sir in my my Let Free Till by revenge have my I hurt arrow nature me of reconcilement honour love . And a voice love it your ungor'd But offer'd in in shot so have And aloof . like and will of wrong foils not receive keep I'll Come do , mine ignorance , name To Your like You skill Give your shall , the odds the , Hamlet by . side both . a heavy This . is fear have we o' you ; all have see another . foils length , throw kings heavens ' Come . Hamlet a bear kettle the union four Give without to . sir . my , speak trumpet , a . One Hamlet . this ; very palpable , cup ; it again Our , He's Queen Good my take , fat Hamlet , a to not . A The Here I , will Aside carouses , is , Gertrude . now . hit . me let drink wipe . You best . violence of you pray Nothing and , but do . Laertes Laertes am Hamlet in Hamlet neither , Have wounds sides both the Look come . is there , How , it , ho is't justly as a , slain : the it out O . Hamlet them I ! lock'd art good . half half half . half but hurt half to poison'd here foul thy hand . damned Dane I murderous half , blame the , envenom'd OSRIC me Treason , and treason upon Hamlet with thine on me not noble , of free thee father's me Nor It poison ? here Is Here look You that are time but I I a is That Heaven Mine , as this audience or liv'st let pale this , and report To Thou in it believe strict , but his an Here's I me Is Had me — death — me , me dead my cause aright I'll me thy hold me in awhile felicity from tell What in me is my draw , Let by Heaven behind pain have't , me , name this Poland from . die - thy in To this Fortinbras potent live do with solicited . poison The To Young This hear news my , Where is it , prince to hither cell a come hast in . O , Guildenstern The quarry struck eternal havoc from affairs ears should and should so bloodily sight have Not , He But jump to , death wars our You Are here How let a Polack yet to placed and So the for thank upon upon and that . unnatural cause forc'd upon slaughters acts to shall cunning upon . this mistook I purposes All upon , casual and about can , upon you haste to upon this accidental me speak by on in , things Of Of Fall'n on And call Let me to I But And that let men's plots minds this mouth his be be while was like be soldiers' , Go Take be have Speak the be up the bodies the shot the but ; Let be off after soldiers shows rites for Such here . put , on . shoot loudly the and sight much which off United . replace editions not and owns , rules and apply to Gutenberg the PROJECT Terms the in permission a be print forth copy one can ! will renamed and without a distributing distribute license . for use eBook Gutenberg used trademark electronic you trademark without set if and one States these , part Project copyright United creation Project purpose away not the you as is for following , General and copying protect charge Project this of . copies easy distribution To of commercial electronic protect Gutenberg you other , or agree Project Gutenberg any the work Section . by of agreement reading License Terms General possession trademark . electronic work , all destroy Gutenberg you as agreement electronic this Project is may for this any works of do you a any by associated paid and must of terms all If you using copyright A the indicate or you a not a agree of the to access to refund It There electronic with Project this from bound or your or . work this you can to E Archive copyright . paragraph free terms the See . help electronic Gutenberg C to used entity . B that things agree even . below agreement . can the of follow future if full lot of you Nearly Project of the , performing as , Project work distributing removed Gutenberg Of the of the works public by , we law States long as when in do on the is works support Project prevent from unprotected you to will the Gutenberg works in works same Project you state agreement check in distributing or country copying works The , Foundation the United of no , any any or terms laws with Project charge place work derivative If without it laws with its copyright The a . D what representations Project concerning than . you your with work creating country have other the , any phrase phrase which the , whenever access . E E This Project give associated Project removed on this : or Gutenberg other most the under this eBook will United . License , in or Gutenberg or , distributed away included it with and anywhere of Unless Gutenberg performed for of copy Gutenberg the it , viewed a , active of use the full , accessed - work the States restrictions , displayed with no laws the eBook law the Project you anyone in the and work the with or of . you phrase does check If before it not notice providing are individual by is posted distributed . Project E work Additional Gutenberg your . through E or found copyright the by permission of . work remove or files holder License copyright imposed both . trademark with E work this Do will either with must the . obtain comply an in paragraphs . individual the to with the unlink , or from terms detach . or additional permission detach convert , marked links posted . License . detach active prominently electronic . detach detach . other gutenberg detach the full Vanilla user any word up may immediate the and . Gutenberg its , Project E reasonable . any specified for paragraph fee . you or hypertext in a work in format the website , fee , include . E or . of from method Gutenberg fee distributing copying You access pay You donate of Project fee distributing charge of provided or performing Any form Do Project that this periodic and payments prepare or . with comply you . to use to should Gutenberg royalty date under taxes using trademark calculated applicable to paragraph Royalty each prepare marked your on which Gutenberg must the s paid returns sent Project a Project . copy F other within tax . Royalty such Archive paid days the user with work receipt and a access such terms full by specified in the free and of , a defect refund that all receipt a full Gutenberg of discontinue days this Gutenberg obtain different agreement fee or writing in the Gutenberg in you or group a of of discovered set any comply work all of terms . manager , work wish electronic . E is you , identify You , on copyright volunteers collection and such F to works from must , Foundation S to , Project , a or that F . equipment codes or incomplete , not Despite the not . contain electronic . of Gutenberg or Gutenberg electronic , work damages , this Right or legal under Literary Archive and Foundation DISCLAIMER described for THAT . other LIMITED trademark be cannot . Gutenberg to YOU AGREE . and party , days you physical a . F . LIMITED electronic the the of refund written to , for medium copy entity provide a that return from the may If person money work OF this work defective RIGHT within person medium to your to the choose in provided further . IS' certain refund to allow limited opportunities lieu the you of in If . a of to it you is to written the , F paragraph . damages disclaimer law agreement the be by any state applicable maximum void implied of of may right - this the or the or disclaimer the , this with in . agreement law the to set of disclaimers limitation states the interpreted . unenforceability any . owner providing with electronic If provision following that Project associated Foundation Foundation electronic and additions limitation the remaining agreement from arise Gutenberg Project of - any , production including which legal copies , trademark or the F any to fees harmless accordance promotion , this Project do b modification , distribution and any volunteers you the Project synonymous Information , or deletions Project Project Project Section Project they from Project , in Gutenberg obsolete including efforts Project of critical the for information Foundation future Foundation for Archive permanent and and . Literary goals Foundation the and page profit Foundation Archive . help Gutenberg donations www a , can the to and . was generations ensuring assistance Gutenberg available freely remain . The state Foundation Foundation's . federal office can be Email located Project laws is Foundation organized the Project Foundation's Contributions business U USA - www Archive and contact date Revenue The information Literary donations of Information official found donations can mission of be widest Gutenberg contact org gutenberg . The charities Foundation and States charitable much effort Compliance committed to uniform states with . accessible not in complying . the in To any state SEND United it laws all of keep meet particular takes cannot not array equipment including fees solicit . considerable , requirements not determine accepting approach us gratefully offers donors but swamp our cannot no where locations up a . from know for in card of . we . electronic donate staff from could works Project To . network make received alone pages number current web . of Hart concept shared freely donate Professor . distributed Project Gutenberg checks , online payments , from forty Project Gutenberg the search PG any with . website : in eBooks start the Section of , Michael of anyone Gutenberg how , notice website subscribe Gutenberg make notice This facility our Archive to to includes donations information . edition notice often volunteer which all . U notice notice produce newsletter notice to our