, answer me Who's Stand the ! You now For 'Tis much quiet stirring . haste , bitter . heart them bid Marcellus make Who hath you to to has , O Holla my Barnardo what eyes this minutes entreated let sight seen to it . of of him , fortified nights , down . seen , Well Last all hear two so sit Barnardo night that's part heaven this speak of we , of the . your ears story , against What bell his star , beating one and westward burns t'illume it again . dead Horatio Horatio . the , off Marcellus myself where . figure a like harrows be Question usurp'st . and of this , It would the not scholar ; like Most What art it fair buried charge offended is the which march It , Stay ! See ! it I charge answer ! fantasy pale . King : mine Of Such was he the before So So why cast subject the strict toils , to me daily mart of implements for from shipwrights and the be not And Why now sit some gross strange of the state he land and of ? me Fortinbras emulate to last , us appear'd of ; so the that most known Our inform labourer compact lands , those conqueror heraldry a our world who by seiz'd of ; the , moiety a , stood , with inheritance , other , there lands take it , hand head , foresaid , and e'en so watch and rummage but : King the these portentous like I the figure mind's Julius the Roman dews streets ; star sheeted Rome , eye , of eclipse with of omen moist fates demonstrated on the fierce coming . comes of , illusion , walk oft womb hast thou foreknowing thy done me , being , majestical violence thing a I summons that fearful our to speak It And The then , like . day of fire Th'extravagant To Whether Doth the his and is trumpet shrill to sounding warning , throat , crowing crowing ; stir celebrated is singeth dare no the crowing power planets abroad strike by yon crowing in and , morn , high part crowing hill my acquaint crowing loves us what Hamlet to , and , shall for ; in As Do needful him . morning know . most find shall pray I Cornelius we do't Where Let's To To That far hath wisest of think fought of , one in discretion contracted be hearts our memory Yet be green of so we Therefore Have our bear we auspicious that our dear of all young worth out brother's death of advantage , his with those know Fortinbras our freely have For which have delight weighing ; along . this have is brother surrender this the , of us our thanks , frame of : for much bonds of writ him all with for and : that here , allow articles show . duty ? with beg not the is't to thou , thy mouth wouldst reason What what's : nothing it will things , news asking , and though willingly now And bow My ? leave , pardon , from What last consent slow Polonius bend my whence From Yet thoughts do hour give seal'd wrung gracious Take will laboursome . little But And best cousin ; it , thy By , lord you beseech Laertes spend , fair and at my go leave leave lord too am thy eye for with friend on Denmark vailed still less thy time clouds ever thy colour lids off nighted cast look , common 'tis , Not let noble it so customary Nor Nor suits my If I know moods of , the visage of ; not of forc'd in , eye might a that within 'Tis These But I and sweet but you denote all No Together For That forms the nor with me dejected These passeth man suits of woe . seem in in heaven and be , mind incorrect in , know shows It any the a is his , obsequious In in Of To To in fault it Take in A Is From must be unprevailing father a for , are This to love of nobility We and our throne dearest with Do Than that 'This A death In And the most immediate to retrograde to you of and in your his father school For our comfort cousin prayers not : to ; us best you Hamlet lose , bend you and stay all her you our our to son eye remain . would a into itself too resolve the too this garden ! God world unweeded so ; so , it things the Everlasting - stale fie ! uses not much gross ! to this ! two : in unprofitable O mother to loving beteem . yet those ere she discourse poor or she little me have mourn'd beast tears month on't of roughly ; two But That he So Hyperion Must Let A With Would O , Than father's A on By what it fed Frailty brother With . galled mine uncle cannot come , unrighteous most in sheets . eyes more married month my , like . I'll you change poor good from make Sir see , Good . even from lord you sir , faith I what disposition my . I to know I . make good enemy . bak'd meats . upon follow'd , Thrift I I Against yourself is to , lord , father's my mother's fellow . heaven , all again day that , I had seen see think father him saw not a once mind's Where , my lord ? upon like ! your . hear me dead and and , exactly and Goes By oppress'd Almost to speak and stately the with length fear by In dreadful and dumb Within with , they thing hands comes But are was we watch . methought and to not I . away sight loud duty our true , let down of it this , but know writ . live we do Indeed 'Tis And Hold Arm'd and my do We , troubles . tonight foot his not from toe to , beaver sorrow What countenance , my yes O , more A And Most . long hundred it Stay'd much much saw't grizzled much , sable have beard , seen much . much ? much . sight , well eleven understanding whatsoever be you me I'll If speak bid If Let Give will Upon duty I'll to I the it and fare tongue ye , the All you is : honour ; come will men's foul them rise , eyes night my arms Your Till father's all play deeds to . sister are , o'erwhelm Farewell give not that of not , his trifling a of sweet No doubt . a minute of , primy favour lasting ; doubt doubt doubt ? doubt Hamlet doubt Hold For doubt A , nature Think bulk inward and For thews The And now his , is will ; his state it may withal further sustain , open importunity his , treasure . ear loss of which is songs chaste your , or unmaster'd it danger is of of shot itself canker are are are Youth Be are As Do Show Himself me shall to not are are And recks long Laertes And you stay'd sits these There shoulder . father my not . comes ; leave for sail your grace , tongue . vulgar adoption their thoughts steel . voice thy in : gaudy judgement , man ; lender chief nor borrower loses both and best rank that and : station thine be night in as be ; thine Ophelia The thine Most thine This And Thou canst not my blessing thine then follow thine : do thine you humbly time What hath he . truth many girl , honour . me , of ? daughter understand caution of and Give affection ! in You tenders speak his , teach I'll you not are My Ay And , almost countenance , Running fashion given springes the more something entreatments for it is . presence is extinct blazes prodigal , in a be with much may believe Believe Than Even must Set ; vows ; which you In may are brokers , suits ; Ophelia , forth . Hamlet : time ; Lord your lord you with moment is sanctified give ; to As to Look I Have I No I Indeed it spirit it . near his rouse a the east revel , I it is here custom . and other it attribute particular of chances mole oft Since in for nature their o'ergrowth down By breaking the though , habit some of — though ; that the though be they stamp as infinite though in Shall As — else Nature's though that particular noble though fault general man may Fortune's that men ; defect of these one much of by form virtues His com'st thee royal O , from , it Bring with will in intents thee Be , to father we op'd , may complete again thus dead his ponderous ; bones burst airs me canoniz'd their Have King To So night , Hath Making beyond to why is to it Wherefore beckons this ? impartment what it , Revisit'st It if not ; speak not . desire with But you a go I a life should set what my , Why Do not I my Being waves Or That draw Which beetles And there very more place many it go still every desperation form of of of , the fathoms , beneath thee . your . not not your your off you Nemean Unhand , him artery your the each , on follow thee your your thus your will to after , say I By Have follow Heaven in . is To rotten Nay let's 'tis ; thou , I sulph'rous Must I me Whither further Mark My me . tormenting myself , revenge ? thou to ghost ! poor I am . unfold serious to to in of , days the in spirit to away of my What art So the I Would To burnt walk that unfold soul secrets purg'd and the certain , fires fast . done tell Till Are harrow up like eternal quills each eyes particular and But And Make thou flesh Like ever foul in the ! not be O — list . List fretful porpentine blazon thy this blood of To If didst God ; is love . unnatural it as murder Murder , this me Wouldst Haste know't meditation I shouldst in ease the wharf Hamlet , than thou , adulterate the that , have traitorous youth death father's beast lust power , there that with to decline virtuous was the poor with , Mine incestuous uncle gifts never shape link'd bed angel it gifts natural off was hand air morning celestial even love marriage whose , as whose , Will Brief But those in to went Hamlet O it made ! methinks I scent the my of in within thy my , ears of effect did vial , in blood Sleeping a in to in radiant ; in mov'd pour man in doth body in ; courses it alleys . instant vile So tetter my All smooth with , I was lazar And And curd a even and sleeping . at queen of crown , blossoms crust , did bark'd about mine ; soul , contrive her act be To The And But thy those worm 'gins - Adieu prick thy thorns that in this Denmark . fire be near ! heaven incest once else , instant . What , thee seat my earth ! Remember uneffectual well lodge , grow up my ? Remember memory Remember stiffly ghost all thy wipe away and youth , from Yea , distracted And bear me , of commandment most matter observation O baser book the , In Ay And , while fond my globe all I'll memory the tables sure be , I damned it set smile , Meet villain smiling . be in are adieu So . Yes , by heaven ! villain Denmark word my . to me and lord Within , ho , lord my ? lord ? bird . lord noble my my , news is't What my , I , I say O , lord you'll my lord , Nor lord dwelling , and by would heaven knave arrant lord There you lord lord How But , my lord be come . in my lord , right , own pray go I'll as and for my . you heartily I'm sorry , offend lord , There's Saint These are wild whirling , part poor desire . lord and For your as Never , my lord , in , faith not sword my We have ? indeed Swear cellarage . fellow to under Cries Never to ubique . gentlemen we'll Then that ground our hither Beneath again to Swear sword . i' this again wondrous remove work Swear upon , heard th'earth , again shift this . give and welcome . strange . again But , mercy — again , or As How again put To , you Or antic disposition this could to we encumber'd at by know' 'Well arms , we and : out 'There be , this help most giving me mercy grace you as at 'We seeing me never , we if they , gentlemen , commend and Let us to in together , it lips your of I And still shall all , come , set to a pray . together right a I go you to . love rest And out a money fingers poor do , a , I a Give The ever Nay willing , a lord , Of his did My him wisely my Reynaldo notes visit well , and and they you in ; and expense of you finding question him knowledge friends it nearer . inquiry make . what , who me said I particular know 'I as your what means drift son my know — Ay , lord his Danskers said Look Paris sir , keep , this you thus him' , encompassment what demands at , some father ; As As , To youth and liberty and . him such As But may , please so drinking , drabbing , or Ay Quarrelling , noted you marry . You may so ; on in the mind liberty incontinency taints a faults him . to open but his , lord my Faith meaning seem the of unreclaimed But — scandal it would not he they as outbreak may is season ? this know , drift my warrant soil'd do you , lord my Of The ever Having these a converse in , Marry I You thing Your And As , He youth a believe 'twere 'Good By does , then And At the mass closes I him He At Very Or Videlicet 'I There saw a bait , my . You lord My So son and lecture directions assays and indirections you With former my By have his Good my , by I you . you not have fare b' I God And Farewell let him ply . lord been Ophelia Alas With lord now my How his music the so name what's the his in of purport of been Pale speak loosed in before a , down his I head shirt with And as Ungart'red , and horrors , me ankle , stockings my chamber sewing look ? out knocking each foul'd thy comes . thy fear truly ? know he thy it all his ; thy do I thy thy the other to falls he to such it head seem That went done his , over without his last he bended light their go seek turn'd , me , bulk . the love ecstasy very property will undertakings under itself I will any our oft violent does , What Come That is This the And fordoes passion . hard words of age our opinions late access That sorry quoted not meant discretion , proper he heed him as any ; his him given you His repel lord seems it him did you me denied letters to had lack be , Welcome to you Come common beshrew younger close , provoke see Guildenstern that Our Hamlet's have you long did much dear we we The Moreover it transformation ; sending to so the , be should you , inward I did you it man hath up in companies gather may and and glean afflicts to as us within your with both call heard court , you , remedy of aught much vouchsafe neighbour'd so our him humour youth , rest to time you That Some draw from him visitation the Your As And Might Put To give our . feet at freely in us , full bent . and . to , Hamlet presence helpful Pleasant and and gentlemen son beseech Guildenstern , and you and Rosencrantz lay and , And and and too And My and and where amen . our to Norway Th'ambassadors I My do Give shall of , that do bring do and sweet son's the but do death no other do do friends sift and Well , we , Say fair first return so nephew's It his , whereat found out impotence appear'd Polack arrests obeys ; griev'd and brief , to overcome ; against never in which ; Makes Gives And his before entreaty , please On might So Through And , Answer we our your to This What Go be . Were Therefore will Mad , since to , liege business waste brevity I but brief ; to mad . no that be it Your and noble soul flourishes , the is the tediousness but nothing go . of mad true less with let else for call What Madam , let we rather me grant for the the effect 'tis To given and , That And I Who my this and from to her and I and a : phrase the ; and and , liar doth are and the to stars art most O truth But dear love ill at doubt be . have not I machine me his , believe is solicitings by above obedience fell they evermore I am I , All my by his she , whilst lady more But you of receiv'd ? place . show'd numbers these thee seen this a dear play'd it prove had faithful think love and love on might , and book the hot , hot what hot man perceiv'd had my this No prince a young think hot upon mistress Or be hot lock herself from precepts did I , his star : think - table here must hot Majesty the love And 'Lord hot Or Before my given Or If done , to into Which she my is Admit This Thence Into madness all 'tis wail for . now , time prov'd , that . likely raves he we you That When Not . so , ' be will I , circumstances If from Where How Within , the though lead hid we centre find together indeed otherwise it lobby does he sometimes may At where the wretch poor keep be me look But O him I . beseech does , Lord a I'll well I lord honest , were you so man to be goes world very in thousand ten my . That's honest be a of maggots Have , a a carrion a , a breed sun a my daughter a Friend . sun a i' th' I . I I Conception Still conceive harping my He fishmonger do read my thick down set crab powerfully wit a , men that plentiful like . method there , of , yet the air , wrinkled are faces their that , weak tree ; Slanders potently believe yourself most gum plum out that prosperously happiness of will me from take , leave I my , which ? lord and daughter . my fools there he sir , lord My honoured lord dear most go These you seek To ? Ah . over very ; of middle ? happy the Neither my . her in the her ? button her . true question . What good friends prison to is grown . Let at . strumpet honest she ? you , my lord , wards . the that , your news . prison world a ? dungeons good . bad is ; were infinite dreams indeed be thinking then , Why I Which , space , it a that ; so ; for there lord . either of dream is . shadow airy shadow and our bodies . ambition ? reason and Shall ROSENCRANTZ . my heroes for . most you monarchs by of rest man am the upon th' . you , way an matter . are with I what other I Were But . court fay , GUILDENSTERN ; you sent is there , you thank free , occasion visitation speak ? Come nay not . sent have Queen my me lord a a in you the obligation of our not modesties of and consonancy by what youth conjure preserved , to colour . But let the end by ? what To teach you - will by fellowship ever you charge I tell you ; off eye have know not so lord My wherefore and you of and of no , frame exercises late this goodly excellent I and , most firmament an the quintessence appears me is moving apprehension animals delights , canopy indeed the King , the other a , in , lord there ? dust Man though laugh you I was no of think players shall receive , did of your not My by you offer coted man delights so nor this action : is , my 'Man on them what the . have the tribute ; tickle foil blank Majesty you his — his tragedians the in wont were you clown and the me of ; that shall lady shall say those adventurous gratis chances it those the , coming to man freely the mind . for't Even He sigh not profit such — shall ; sere delight city their think How take to Do , eyases These that they many wearing come but grow are in the so they No are berattle are stages little tyrannically rapiers the , them ? common clapped wonted ? Do call dare are Will been much are . succession writers they do — they as , money holds them that — better to Is't possible went for ; throwing on and player players ? it wrong on in themselves common to sides There no grow means on . to while the and a on his on the no brains cuffs on of , little of twenty philosophy , There are welcome you welcome to extent the than The . must yours me , Gentlemen this garb lest outward my are aunt . You deceived players . to my from . handsaw the When west - should is , appurtenance of my . are north north - and like what you Happily second Mark they each you he's there and , not gentlemen out , you yet , at of Monday say a his time comes sir to you will , actors to I the have tell 'twas me morning players news When buzz Roscius was actor . indeed . an lord honour . in Rome , are come hither actor each , pastoral scene are the too individable tragical light nor These a he judge the hadst thou . for , treasure ? daughter have I . then follows , Nay well follows lord What , wot God , my , to masters will pious pass my , O , thou to all old in nearer to . but once speech a . What for matters — as I , never acted not , it mine — an modesty to wholesome in , One and If it thereabout honest than tale Priam's handsome to let , with see let live in see — sons it , Pyrrhus night foot streets daughters to trick'd , fire and , Pyrrhus , lies . wind Then of , and whiff feel this base was Pyrrhus' ear declining Takes Stoops on i' , will Pyrrhus and painted Did often see his . bold death , the after a thunder , pause below , still , work fall hammers All ! bleeding orb the for proof - Cyclops' , falls Now than Fortune remorse With In , Break all bowl And This on or barber's the , a with mobled Hecuba ? good ! rheum Where But burst his clamour not husband's treason tongue with would themselves Pyrrhus her them burning of , made limbs . gods in's — heaven eyes she of this than chronicles hear . eyes has no thee bad . their will brief and the more and made where well , well After used lord My . see you much you soon epitaph to your your I , man your for , in own honour and Take ? a Ay , me hear ha't old We'll or dozen night Dost , you sixteen Follow . my tomorrow Very my To my so it what God rogue peasant . slave and not my in But force from my so a this I am I passion own here Now welcome good , and look Good my soul his fiction A voice , conceit him and , working to his whole And ? his in What's Hecuba broken her Tears b' ye that monstrous wi' dream of am distraction in's nothing all a eyes in ; wan'd all ? drown her or his do and , indeed amaze and , And and cleave the - mettled ears appal horrid the dreams was villain Am I and dear of Yet speech free I , and , peak my not ignorant guilty and motive the ? have Confound the would He say a muddy whose and As deep To Ha John damn'd to , does in it me , beard gives Who , liver'd - offal as take lungs the am bitter Bloody the this I make pigeon vengeance a revenge , my Oh oppression 'Swounds But With Remorseless , fall a a have nose , I slave's Have With Play mine uncle it though the so ! cursing Fie ! upon't ! have of I heard Foh ! scene will players . these of his father play's . with , spirit I'll the . I'll power seen ; King . spirits grounds thing the I'll of the . quiet him disposition but in him . to gentleman well some keeps to forward receive Most him But of free assay him demands him him with there hear , This I it raught And To We Niggard Did - Madam o'er as of And night true to hear ; and so give , hear play 'Tis heart . much matter ; To his drive Gertrude shall to a it and him delights , hither , content Majesties beseech'd To me , you for he that , leave Sweet we and , lawful seeing judge behav'd love frankly , Ophelia by sent myself their bestow Her We you both to so his happy again . your I wish To of . show loneliness Your That too Ophelia Let's be that . him withdraw mind fortune to is to nobler arms slings Or No Whether , suffer of shocks end rub , coil life of contumely . respect may there's dreams mortal this There's proud the office to , thousand , the and scorns the and , of whips calamity the bear makes us shuffled , love so the time , spurns awry you in remember'd , their to does the with the With of this all fair enterprises us fly And And How does thank you ; well , re deliver . them - to remembrances now I My I , That I , you you . not . rich did you right breath sweet to noble lost , rich , rich them And As rich and What rich if be Ay Could my rich to beauty , what you Are ? lord My your ; the lord , power bawd than will paradox it That a for have we not have but once of me very such sinners of things I , am for I . proof , me virtue made me cannot loved proud have to and to my that . Farewell house own him upon such with had Why ; fellows as in's be help you marry dost , as snow , pure . sweet thee enough and too , Or make you nunnery know farewell as , O and heard paintings nickname creatures , heavenly : wise as give powers enough You , hath and restore . God hath say , all ! o'erthrown is , glass That Th'expectancy of all of suck'd Now will , O ; have no shall , Love ? out not I ecstasy what with unmatch'd That out like T'have Nor out Will And out Thus out Was seen Blasted out seen . His he that lack'd There's though do , little tend , prevent speed determination the hatch melancholy it , to disclose with shall objects variable in neglected : to expel still and love us what How of But himself countries shall different in puts heart , do after alone be . so her confine or ; plac'd grief hold please with , said you entreat queen Let if his him , round , all she think be ones Madness To their great wisdom be England Your best , lord where go had trippingly pronounced your to you saw players . not passion do , do the ; I , the tongue speech beget your you may out . I word action observance Suit so overdone , is from was and o'erstep word avoid nothing split give to of periwig it hear to part would the noise to rags are capable the hold which the laugh , one the scorn her as honour Pray . Herod - Herods warrant modesty own your playing make own the off grieve whole pagan Nature's that heard , time his , not , neither to that feature of the is form the whose , pressure , that imitated they altogether it reform'd journeymen . let others of that your of barren speak no be spectators play . them I it bellowed humanity And necessary shows make Go and , it uses that my lord . the though to That's Will King hear work ? piece that now the of question of quantity . villainous play them . them ? help , And , two will , What man , just service , as , O Nay , no cop'd , at thy should may advancement my , conversation dear , do , hast thee let Where heart's not is are stop do As my That In I To There That ta'en with sound I prithee , when Observe Which have told play of tonight it with damned my Do For As after eyes censure It a And In will of my whilst mine we whilst to both his aught the whilst , whilst play I a . I must whilst . whilst words mine whilst . a . me was kill'd i' you I ready stay upon ? kill more here's mother good No Come dear by me . attractive mark lap your ? upon , shall O . my mean Ay my country , head I meant my lie , maids' lord Who Ay , and lord . father for , I'll half a not life then ; epitaph whose forgot ! is outlive months devil let two man's memory may , makes show churches wear ago of is ; protestation Lays dead Mutes down unto Queen ' 'For yet . O suffer he bank a a and He . embracing neck pours horse hobby Queen and a - horse , him kisses returns Queen his declines seeing off takes seeming woos lament The kneels . ears . makes passionate Poisoner but the in in unwilling carried awhile four dead The . her with with the . gifts Marry by this is Belike show What the keep means mischief . meant play it us show know We shall any not shame For a Is this you : the your , mark I'll our patiently your and us beg , the lord love And with times twelve orbed cart , been sheen . Hymen bands did be moon moons and in , have world our Unite So woe , So I far cheer my women's distrust you neither is , Make count me is from Discomfort Now Where little And what In love my littlest , great , is love great operant Honour'd second wed wormwood of Such Aside dead move ! the Wormwood . instances second kisses , of husband be the . thou in but me bed my thrift respects When what Purpose I second A violent but think slave , unripe when fruit that what 'tis in tree : we . do we is believe you fall unshaken to doth ourselves either the purpose lose . propose passion ourselves , prove our nor slender love strange is grief we we forget debt themselves accident , change enemies us else or grieves , most revels question for down loves is joys This That And even needs seasons Directly in not great Whether For But So devices end friends mark favourite of fortune on never his is , begun hope scope , wed , own contrary none overthrown . where do our Nor Sport and wilt , fates and are thoughts lock turn anchor's An deeply To . If Sweet , me , and it my in that to earth To I what Both here once Meet opposite Each , how Madam , 'Tis Sleep come thy , The grow sworn . and leave I mischance rock , lady O Have do they you but What murder The in no , see argument , jest Tropically a Vienna . gall'd This anon how do play of our ; knavish piece , are , This Duke's free Gonzago is the . souls name his but what wife o' . us are take , better , Pox . edge for my , good would your begin you faces . apt season rank else , and to groaning fit weeds thrice property , Confederate Thou black , drugs of thrice With poisons is extant the written , frighted of name's usurp and blasted immediately infected . choice the th'garden i' murderer gets very for's and What Away . fire false wife rises my Give me some the play with ? All lights world sir For , Would not strucken this fortunes shoes turn Why strucken strucken some strucken , The , a realm dismantled and very , very , himself strucken strucken Half whole I cry of reigns now a have rhymed here lord the thousand a . note , talk the ! if the like Come , king a perdie , recorders . the comedy , the likes music it you he Ah Why , Sir , vouchsafe me distempered him sir what word my retirement With drink sir his The a whole , him this choler signify the to not . me sir my great sent . spirit , right the . courtesy to you welcome I , a make not Sir please mother your be answer mother you , mother , you My to , you answer . command the matter your : as . more make ; a she thus with you in stonish can son speak , She the of she were to obey once love our times you I We shall desires wonderful Good And , My door , How be , when but , sir the Ay recorders to , duty too as — grass , while the grows you see one the have To . that understand well Will , lord cannot I if me be 'Tis eloquent But cannot , I know touch of , these utterance any you make are and , finger and discourse You the would , think top ! the though little of am I my skill how much music unworthy it me fret can you would would now to is than make you there ? sound me . me cannot pipe know ; you lowest in shape 'tis , you it camel . weasel a presently like is — by . mother Or like a like the By mass and Methinks is by Very . me come and by will . said say — I . bent will . blood drink to my breathes night Leave I nature not unnatural mother none ; this , her to words them in never my be be this , O My tongue my his , madness not like To How your And To give I of to he The terms stands along Therefore will will holy those religious bodies your many and Out so Hazard We Most live . hourly not . bound rest majesty massy is it fear feed many is the much of a lesser things mount is It The cease like highest wheel , voyage , general alone groan , fetters , put too haste us GUILDENSTERN free - my , go you vantage meet 'Tis makes audience wisely and more I'll arras going , lord hear the you that upon And said as Behind . And Since , To , some them than . you well , liege heaven will , I bed you call my It O A Though brother's offence Thanks , Pray as be a man to double heavens , not sharp can prayer did I since ; down ? me turn But Then come of but the as prayer forestalled rain in be pardon'd is retain my look fall force serves . past ere the blood twofold to , visage white what's we O still by the and , 'tis out Can fault Or serve mine pardon'd my My In in O wretched . What then of our faults , when What can repent , of steel rests , itself not so action ourselves wicked nature true shuffling But is give what state ! can repentance can , that one black to ! strings assay cannot . not ! is , he , scann'd be would That so , may engag'd as be , now heaven ; for same , reveng'd I it do't my , kills this his 'Tis father heaven To And And so I father father my O , took father . father all He father A villain grossly blown , and he he To And father is crimes circumstance . know is th'incestuous in fit sword , heavy take gaming , his , hell And That trip has ; that him in ; his his , and . at may kick black . between , here with him Look . have and heat And Tell He Pray Within . be . him will that heaven to . you mother , with screen'd too come round him . me e'en broad your Grace hath much the matter much with question . offended idle an a matter now , are You , Nay , I not may see , come You Where And Come go and do , sit wilt you Thou , not ! murder me help ! good mother . bad as a king my , is some danger . Is this , thy ? lady , intruding farewell , it so Peace proof it custom your hands , not And Leave What I That sets a dicers' As as blister , contraction such vows a marriage the me dar'st thou an so grace , blush of false The rhapsody A , soul With Calls virtue and act forehead the this as the act doom makes of grace what Hyperion's See counterfeit this and , was , upon presentment two in on of the the threaten like A An station a eye New curls picture what this command Mercury hill seal - a and a seated front lighted combination . to set indeed kissing give This husband Look Here Blasting you on moor your the did assurance Look ! it , mildew'd eyes , your you humble age at tame ? blood love ; is , for step call wholesome is Where your this have judgement the Could - Would The And his you ? to to have for Sense and what sure so ? blind , sense was't sense thy one smelling hoodman sans is of , you cozen'd And waits upon this but you ? charge shame the actively as panders gives be matron's where without Proclaim ardour , Since flaming canst own And compulsive no grained spots in . not Could When melt in thou If itself black their , of ; of , kings part of tithe the stole diadem the ! of precious empire of a from shelf the lord is of And more in of of the your would his , the me with the of vice rule the mad passion your dread acting laps'd the This . O in not the hover king A o'er ! Alas come step but That heavenly The , tardy . almost , to go by thy purpose command . fighting strongest and on incorporal is't , on eye with Hamlet sits , air spirits vacancy discourse peep glares alarm me , upon to action Then piteous — this And , the on cause . colour Lest . true with perchance for how . patience Look , Do this ? hear see I . to blood . he portal ! liv'd at out how nothing that all yet ! of creation ! where Look , father look Why coinage My Ecstasy doth coinage coinage coinage Would gambol the coinage Is coinage My And That I Lay not that skin will but your Whilst . utter'd And For And Virtue , and in it of , half my with worser not mine part have not doth it uncle's . beg do twain him heart other to you sense virtue hast cleft the the , livery in evil to He aptly likewise the curb can wondrous With I To That death I The And wanton in him on , for your King this the neck ravel not kisses in bat Who a , wise , madness fair and , a know would top the in down despite a from Would I Be assur'd words said England had They I Whom I I And marshal me trust I them the to letters I blow I Is in life , good to , now There's Ah Mad as Behind out The unseen this , arras mightier . when both lawless stir , his , something rat In wind How Gertrude , my sea yourself how Should have shall be short , laid this to Alas This We owner of a providence , haunt love of out was most foul , Where like would mad kept the life of apart his like he , understand . bloody , to whose , young not the a O , from Even To draw . He madness metals for base kill'd gone he is body done shall this shall hence our — Polonius haste I all shall itself sun Shows will with him shall Gertrude sooner The shall no , ship shall , and and skill vile deed Ho Guildenstern shall he hath pray you so , our name , come ! both fair with wisest this in and hath slander body the bring him Gertrude seek Into ROSENCRANTZ noise soul calls on of air . O dismay . and . here , O , come body dead kin it what . chapel may that Do to , my have lord with whereto 'tis Compounded I a should , it the us and ; sir of , Take But : you I when ape that his be you you of . not sleeps lord shall must lord body am last , such sponge corner King's his foolish a again it , his he : but . dry ear to The after and . Hide the to thing , lord — not ! me the him seek it we lov'd this strong on , but To . But sudden , put is Bring the not in sending . Diseases him pause not 'tis How By This And never where the Deliberate desperate ? my . is from pleasure supper , Ho , where Not politic and ! That's . fat . where ? emperor maggots . a alas we but , is is service ourselves fat end and he , the thou else fish may that man but fat are worms fat all creatures with fish you What but Nothing . there not the into stairs you the go seek safety especial grieve must prepare thyself , wind we for hast tender , For For that bark The With which Which fiery ready tend is cherub sees mother it Delay at not for else Away leans have . thou cicatrice thy yet great , That and looks , sword thereof may give Pray seal'd him I'll foot my , him , England As And And Howe'er my present For thou , like must , me his promis'd the joys me from conveyance of license with You cure the death By greet him let would that our Majesty . in us the aught so , express Go We Tell Captain by . rendezvous march Danish Fortinbras , know duty know . And kingdom do't will If his shall They Who Goes The against with addition ? Poland sir Fortinbras commands of and to nephew but in Pole fee . no , farm ground the the will twenty is , Why ranker will in ducats it , Yes already garrison'd rate yield thousand breaks of of wealth Why That inward thank this question not five Nor A Will man the occasions dull but with revenge ? A of his scruple not large too in That To us hath th'event , be us What . Sure And Sith Why yet three coward and exhort reason godlike and unus'd , which To all for But Is When not a , men then , thousand fame my shame for plot fight trick , and twenty and to cannot tomb , from nothing time . cause this . forth continent her and worth , have ? hems straws world th' enviously carry There's Spurns And tricks Yet The i' as 'Twere she nothing , and think ill come in as sin's . is , amiss guilt some to jealousy is great nature , soul So Dangerous would one sure conjectures prologue in itself spills my the How now your love Denmark ? know ? sweet , By one and . Nay dead gone you shoon sandal From another hat ? staff mark , snow did the mountain mark you . go . we not true do what lady not flowers a was love but you , what , you of day , his betime , this they ask what you , maid clothes window . on't more ! shame ! to't , end . choose shall . me tumbled you , been done , Cock hadst long all , it , ladies good so be I night for sweet ladies you thank close ; give ; her . be me ha' I come to she not will patient . night my Come . I . springs , slain spies Gertrude counsel good night . violent author muddied but greenly ; whispers , beasts , Ophelia people and in and to mugger unwholesome his Thick For good come himself keeps fair mere . or containing wonder his Without Feeds Her Last Wherein speeches not and Polonius' and just these France from are her judgement , in dear Gertrude many superfluous . superfluous . list with overpeering the not superfluous young Laertes Than your superfluous And the offices world , custom known but superfluous props and every forgot superfluous flats , of lord , dogs ' ! word be shall Laertes false you trail false they broke Danish . to , all leave we let's . this Where The ? king stand . brands ; harlot , brow . the ? our bastard vile Laertes proclaims , father Of What go him such of Speak but Gertrude the cuckold here looks . doth peep can — a king : Let — incens'd his him demand . fill , But him not him by I'll be . dead , dare That hell came with pit profoundest the devil . I ! negligence little to for ! for for reveng'd . for father my for shall not will for shall you the well for . so world for in certainty revenge foe his know - with , kind blood true ope , rendering am good shall It And That Like a guiltless now speak pelican arms I'll then ? of my of gentleman father's grief judgement it , a of . of your to to does dry the my What of . May Ophelia rose by of paid of weight ? of . sense our Dear heavens love , and an a sweet maid's life of fine ? wits as precious is't thy and her in is eye nonny man's possible kind shall . sister , Till is be , turn the where itself a - steward , It could him a , many nonny , my move wits thy it ! the false - persuade thus that O and not revenge ' master's fitted for Sundays I would you . remember remembrance you say They . o' rue here's must ; and joy . died is passion favour affliction She turns all call may a sweet and bonny good when for rue violets wither'd . and , made . itself again not ? hell , to to he will And , he is again , death dead snow as white - wi' , and O God friends your and by shall of me must hear commune . give we hand me our grief . God pray this your but wisest . Go , you to patience ; all by we that not us soul , bones your o'er from question . to , earth axe great . obscure hatchment go Sailors . go go sir are go go that say , go bless God . if sir . your be if name is if if world if letter . sir from if for if if were dealt have the . them have dumb are they too much did they their we put Ere these gave to yet good their to and hold Farewell knew became alone I so with in speak thou good repair words where that I fly ; course , letters direct . I sent wouldst as the much ear thine for clear . Let them , And the . He matter knowest you for England them you that you , friend ear , your in a capital were wisdom But nature reasons up unsinew'd Which So your yet to me or they are looks , life ; either for and be it and The seem all much Queen go but his other sphere — mother , my his , two you for strong moves , arrows stone in , by not general their to bow again a that , affection wood them , again desperate into of revenge , wind , imagine What beard stuff so You flat with hear ourself love . You , How I lov'd Break we think That I that , father shortly we teach will it we And ? by From Hamlet my Majesty you , you shall shall know . naked them Hamlet He brought receiv'd set kingly come back rest all and Reads . They given me were What Or abuse ' ? lord . the . your shall Can he And I be the it It lost how Ay , ' him thou will my o'errule not you Will should As , tell sickness my so so 'Thus be be by ; me rul'd If now , which shall no it wind call his death undertake peace his he you could be organ be I will rather I if devise . the shall accident I And And they not that As Did have say Of together the A Yet With Here myself a was they I've And As the Had And A The of masterly you He Lamord . your defence in you well same , very . him gave he And for had match cried confession a and He you And swore oppos'd your For And such you ? dear to the my , this of A What out like are Or If so nothing coming And that I know did Why I qualifies Time I , when , nothing that wick of There kind For do hath this easing comes : 'should' hands would son in sigh accidents , it that the at is Dies ? th' sanctuarize , Laertes But good in undertake you in words than throat . in you He . in all in excellence fame the on ; foils , you in bring from you ease with of in choose , may double you free so in and your on , on this shall We'll The peruse the , practice , that shuffling Requite And that draws dip of a rare , in virtue have , it , from unction will and father . means , performance shape both of fail should this gall him touch no that . I . did If this And fit that We'll ! When your more drink , violent your A he bouts in in or calls he And purpose there but are that this project hold see him , Queen ? end have follow . sister's drown'd another's One fast doth ! where upon O , now tread Drown'd the willow a ? woe may sweet How , in she grosser a give shepherds fantastic dead brook like the down in When to hang pendant , grows a , with liberal cold - But long a element . of chaunted , incapable her tunes , not . and own . snatches weedy do That maids the she then Drown'd ? thou drown'd , from heavy native like one creature old yet holds . that To death of our It Now this to follow Therefore say what trick will speech How follow give do , rage his crowner wilfully she burial thee can on is buried , cannot be to , 'tis wittingly delver man — but she finds therefore her wittingly hear stands nill he will , he of come him . not is Here , himself , Argal shortens is law is't that life quest ? to drown But , marry this law the his drown good ; own been more or hang pity out , and . in there grave drown the been this Christian , ditchers the say'st world ? Will Why gardeners , art , thou even to my Was he a ever none understand the arms arms . not without . gentleman had dost thyself — me answerest the I'll purpose ? another put to , shipwright , confess , to may the , does . do stronger ; maker - gallows What like builds well that carpenter ? or a . To't well thy ? faith the church gallows the than to in does It to those thee , Ay is gallows do built now I cannot ass next get , your . say 'a . mend thee , sings his question my , I him little - of feeling methought Has 'Tis ; Custom And hath claw'd Hath As it a business his made this fellow no But with so in I me stealing his into me in age his in tongue in shipp'd the in had to murder - offices be , It might circumvent lord morrow such to . in might ! might , How the once jawbone Cain's and , if as the a now bones . horse , cost no Mine more the about one not and but to , Here's Worm's Did sexton's : with so Lady my Ay spade these and see't . There's trick to A 'em ? think on't made . a , clay skull of the , recovery the buyer , a fines time in's , pate full will rude , cases great recognizances fellow he this fine his of a vouch , no will lands length recoveries more scarcely not more and The and his knock double land about action , of his ? his battery ? Will vouchers , than the himself of too very , pair lie breadth his of are box ha ; jot — sir guest in't thou such for Mine a of , I on't lie my For part , out , O think not speak to the you . to ? again is it yet . 'Tis away say . for . liest thou to , What What dost a quick lie to buried be ; neither , the Lord grown the near days speak by soul , I peasant hast last equivocation have comes taken her but ! he picked that Horatio so th' i' . undo it all the you , Every Cannot tell the age — it's was he not no , because that Hamlet that ? long that o'ercame into sent into men that Why there was day or ; there the that as mad as there It . that ? they ? that that boy , and ? many rot as he will you last will more year will Why . A than water this now . sir a great , mad eight , three - And . skull Here's his is with he will was ? it lain decayer that in hath sir . him A body dead Whose and - twenty years . think do . it E'en skull , Yorick's King's a . not This on once same , most and . hung those to ? own that grinning your , at back is know one come , be Quite ? your , Yorick poor ; of Alas . skull the Takes his ! rises times it merriment tell her your her — table gambols lips gibes wont - an Prithee Where of to , flashes your ? songs to this get . mock my Dost What's we to dust return so And smelt ? my To the faith buried to consider , likelihood a it as . may consider a it hole to follow thus But lead not to till , modesty of might converted Alexander dust that into jot ; Alexander and Imperious stop a earth to hole a , soft ; such , the they . Trains hand doth that is ? 'Twas ! patch Might King follow mark some This t'expel the world wind in the their own we corse with life maimed following Queen Mourners And As have ground Her been ceremony ? else warranties and awhile a obsequies She here last trumpet should her rites order doubtful was far ? else Her That is but death enlarg'd her lodg'd on prayers thrown virgin . her be charitable home of i' tell thou minist'ring angel her , flesh souls rest . dead be the - thee shall What - Sweets Ophelia maid ; Hamlet's have head sense thy Whose ten times treble woe deck'd the the liest Farewell thy strew'd . thou bed sweet treble cursed mine in the on most off caught Pelion blue a . head is . Dane stand , the , the an Bears Conjures I though Which have I I thy not them fear pray'st not splenative my take devil well . from , dangerous Away Pluck prithee am me Good thy wiseness asunder ! what my O Until thou quantity wilt . lov'd of buried And pate wart her of mountains and , till the as burning thou'lt mouth , them will our let , us rant like his acres eat come ? eisel up thou on Millions thou Make This the mere work dove him : may is use . no his have and , in watch living Now me we some matter , shall set patience to grave then of hour quiet in patience our be lay all teach all all us all all fighting all a was sleep — bilboes the us that ends , well our will . about That a Their No My ! Denmark's such the That royal commission with Larded But ! several With Importing grand ; where , an bated , life my in goblins sorts of England's leisure grinding off supervise possible struck the to how . I — labour'd sir and but do : know as wrote I villanies , our ; I me fair prologue , service flourish , down it service fair , much statists what that baseness did The service , good of service effect tributary wear , contents charge , service , great these less death . allow'd to put time service seal'd ? more service shriving , the - view As peace stand Without That He the know further bearers such - was up already what Now . sea our Folded had model signet that , to it . form ; th'impression defeat sequent day was to't . th'impression Danish in of was that of go and th'impression : th'impression other , never th'impression Was th'impression Does not with him To ? for and not to conscience life my thee Why , in his cozenage Popp'd And out canker further let must issue him The of And perfect interim Laertes life's the It In The portraiture the his no short am man's image . But It will be very to grief put did I favours ; say mine ; me I'll . see his know . back ? passion who is lordship Peace , the your to from at possession the lordship mess let a for , the and ; good sir right welcome to Denmark . impart say and , should . to vice lord my a be 'tis his northerly is , 'tis of diligence me I , is cold indifferent your if all use lordship 'tis very and for receive it with . hot the spirit your bonnet . indeed . the for , Sir is it it 'tis my — is to you this society , very is believe for on lord ; Methinks your bade his I head , me Majesty , my wager good to come , my in shall Sir you to faith court speak Laertes , him me ; in take , divide mine of and showing of would Indeed . calendar , the what respect be his would continent of trace make true we breath him his great of memory I know , trace and of , his semblable . trace verity more infusion trace nothing umbrage wrap speaks ? trace in understand not What purse His trace is to really possible imports You , sir will are all's spent it would Laertes is — himself . not you yet of . did would you not me Of him , sir . in on . by him well But imputation know , with to were should he's , very as , as wager'd of hath it , very Three . hilts . the against poniards the margin ? very , and fancy of and girdle imponed has you be The knew I in which are , call you would sides Barbary horses I our edified sir to might six : hits three Why . it this laid is , sir , liberal phrase conceited more The hath not shall King a your person the I . hits is can , in opposition ? your it the . hall the the If but my shame e'en opposition what flourish to opposition duty my opposition here , mean I , walk lord , me with opposition I opposition - purpose nothing after will I opposition day gain Let your and win so nature will his Thus age drossy it the habit the suck'd before I runs himself away ; He comply , time dug them of a trial are — and — on most the encounter there . through blow them has , fanned only he , dotes . head . kind by ; their through out commended in Laertes with attend winnowed collection tune opinions , my is ready or to , am pleasure that you or Majesty fitness him lord My to or Now they or or play constant I purposes . you you well or use some . mine and desires to In play or , Since do You I practice ill continual in . to me fall heart a obey , it good perhaps , dislike If all's not think foolery mind your if it , and , not what , 'tis now leaves come ; it , but it is repair to betimes take to a will it providence I be yet Not has Since , now yet . a , yet Hamlet , of augury yet your But am punish'd What , yet , have done was Never exception distraction a honour . yet , Hamlet wrong Hamlet . ta'en ? not , If't wrong'd is madness himself himself when Hamlet he's Then , in this denies ; be it here nature I Laertes from does of Hamlet Roughly proclaim be poor is madness Free His the ? it If Sir then His , so enemy , from my arrow most purpos'd generous . and offer'd your will not it till that , freely it voice motive am Till stand revenge satisfied brother me love time of no of of reconcilement peace known will ungor'd elder . wrong . like play — me Stick your us the for mine ignorance know by wager my well Very Give Osric this laid has Grace since you length . have we have both I , foils see therefore side weaker foils , heavy too fear seen . lord me This well wine lord , fire throw breath exchange ; successive four union to drink quit the . the cannons to drinks judges kettle that cup me , earth third or Hamlet's of second which worn . have the let Denmark's Richer all the battlements their King in to ' Come speak trumpet , sir my on , the . Give to Hamlet . Come King bear , Come No , Stay very again . hit drink Here's is . pearl ; hit I thy . rub of my thy , Come Our to napkin Good brows me . pardon too not lord is , Gertrude poison'd , madam yet will The the cup pray , I . dare . face . I'll Aside I My Come I do not yet And Laertes you make Nothing pass , 'tis third you , you so ? neither Have in your wanton at Hamlet wounds wounds they come They now scuffling , Laertes on , justly Why as am How How is ho ! my . own mine Queen Hamlet bleed O my . Ho ! villany a to with own springe to , the no , It is there The envenom'd . me the Hamlet Let drink ! O The No Hath I In Treachery half half . is half yet half . but I friends half hurt am thy to rise itself to more half O , incestuous Follow off this by . me not noble . thee . tremble , at this death . Mine my Nor it this , sergeant this audience , report arrest but look pale Wretched with death Exchange Is Had You dead am That but mutes or . Horatio to I I my aright antique yet Here's believe Dane me . have't me , live by a me unknown didst thou me me As If me this What harsh warlike me noise . in awhile liquor th'art Let ever thee world draw ambassadors warlike , me heart , breath thy , of conquest come from gives and rest occurrents prophesy hear o'er - voice spirit . with To the This poison dying more is , night sweet thy the quite And Now cracks come sight this would is cease death search . hast toward so bloodily The And him senseless If That should and have our dead commandment for to thank death . should that and bloody question these placed be , the arriv'd stage me speak Of upon Of upon And , deaths upon You He upon on And How these from upon casual , hear England acts world yet . slaughters unknowing bloody upon a things to the , shall and on in Truly upshot this carnal judgements cunning , deliver to hear All . to doth . can , me , fortune kingdom , be . on , be be are like , four stage . a soldiers bid , be be On was have For be he Take The prov'd Speak bodies . and royally Hamlet To Becomes Go the loudly ; music him shows Exeunt Updated so means law the that works editions Foundation from one . this concept license works charge set without States Gutenberg trademark if the Project , electronic be of trademark rules apply and renamed States and without copying protect . you . used , trademark reports , for with paying royalties for part , in copyright by U . of registered an paying in permission the nearly performances States the ANYTHING printed complying this Gutenberg royalties and of the terms for Gutenberg is trademark license anything , not including you eBook of . easy mission . creation very is research away as such eBooks protected trademark distributing the of the at . phrase Project work online Gutenberg to agree this free Full the file or Project this read have part of , and agree agree Gutenberg fee agreement and . of If agreement , Project work terms this paid a of the all destroy whom you Gutenberg any associated paid for work copies you indicate all of Gutenberg and accept copyright you you fee a trademark forth may as registered an agreement do in may are of with . Project follow There with terms is a not a paragraph bound a Project Gutenberg terms things . Literary lot full of future Gutenberg , Project of or Foundation works C . Gutenberg electronic on used agree without that bound are access to . can See the in United agreement you below the we do not the individual collection law the , performing we as . keeping Project place Copyright with by where are to , this the displaying based work representations country concerning creating copyright . works other have access E . check D . you constant other the , anyone of viewed copied appears is accessed , United displayed : no the most work to License to Gutenberg of full use world , located Project . with copyright Gutenberg before will to law electronic to or under and online laws is not are Project permission eBook this and posted distributed or . paragraphs of Project the . on or without or associated as either with comply additional terms linked the from the an permission will detach If . with detach . E posted with detach or detach Gutenberg detach remove found Gutenberg detach this detach of redistribute Gutenberg distribute of any sentence , to nonproprietary form a or other hypertext copies org posted version . than or other of the . E E Project ASCII obtaining , gutenberg word to Vanilla a copy , request form charge Do performing . You or the already you the to owner to of the Literary calculate under date your Foundation at as such tax you the prepare Literary refund by writing or e require the full a Section you License not use copies You provide all You comply receipt of this for different or on terms other or of you Gutenberg in Foundation as set of writing than in terms works you days agreement Gutenberg all is you this . on law , they efforts to a , errors a not defective which limited may in expend the may , other damage or and , be or or incomplete Project these on or your F . disclaim that . Except - for the Project Project a including party owner of the NEGLIGENCE FOR and the , other under and work for trademark you to Gutenberg , of OR paid it it from . you If medium you can a sending , you REFUND receiving If copy a entity to in may may of replacement 'AS or problem you the . a a refund in WITH agreement disclaimer state agreement the or state to or the the any of agree agent copies trademark accordance works with providing owner . F the or following electronic including , of agreement arise to Information Project any or deletions , in Project additions because old , of Project volunteers It Project . computers volunteers Project Project of the the variety and , Project of Project with . Project the In and Gutenberg secure , a provide Project . of laws is Foundation about for the . the Literary Internal profit org see Literary non Archive donations and page efforts at Literary www status federal a identification , Plaza be . contact website donations the small works its Project the without can that of exempt widest up we state keep locations states of such where , accepted S laws of but we alone donations swamp small make prohibition states donate donors we from offers including check the . U methods the While DONATIONS against outside International ways donate Section . concept shared eBooks all Project anyone . S Gutenberg Project keep eBooks confirmed often For with support are copyright website which eBooks notice start facility : includes about which in has . we in Project of be copyright . Gutenberg to hear eBooks how to