? yourself . answer Who's Stand . Stand Get upon your hour Stand there Stand to thanks Stand . heart bed Stand thee 'Tis sick am Stand had good and Marcellus mouse . guard make Who them night , meet of rivals quiet at ? stirring bid , reliev'd , Horatio ho hath . ground to good soldier , place What , has Welcome , With us And Touching He Tush us once again so Sit against and him of us , ears our , awhile down let let of westward all the of we . pole , where one Marcellus break beating from heaven , myself t'illume part that's star , then the King it again the to , like figure speak , Mark with night thee speak offended speak , speak stalks , thee . march See it tremble charge away I . God Is , I something You this What you on't not true eyes own not art armour Norway when strange the an combated he . angry at gone to thought hath and thyself : King ; knows and and , down the me land cannon observant war daily for shipwrights , from such strict strange and gross what In Good now So Why , Thereto combat ; by , now can That whisper you side of Well this this Did For Had His Shark'd up Of to And been For in As by And So But the motive lost main our it other e'en in so portentous these of question watch figure the wars the eye . King , of dews fire to like the still of almost influence precurse to heaven our Unto climatures and , But it hast any sound ! to good thing . to , illusion again ! demonstrated . on countrymen together Speak , blast me use me or be fate thy of walk life , speak , speak speak speak , earth , in and oft speak spirits , Marcellus ? speak here here here , here , here majestical here crew heard warning , herein . season , long planets dare no , nor , wholesome takes they nights fairy No And The The , bird say ever dawning our of say , heard I o'er , the the of russet do so and in and by seen tonight hill it . duty this most and him conveniently him , brother's it dear and Laertes of green in , woe think now warlike our , of brow with of and our that fought death , Voltemand Attendant in on state defeated wisest to jointress our with contracted be our hearts this one a discretion sorrow 'twere have . weighing and with dropping with nor by a weak you For equal Your Thus Now To by for much this his and , ourself father the of uncle To his most Lost Who You this greeting personal no the articles King you dilated his good bearers of , nephew's in are , proportions ; full and we levies , than . our your the allow . power old Voltemand Norway more , your business Of ; all things and these ? thy not to to of instrumental offer more my the beg the mouth heart What , native willingly in my Dread To now I them bow to my , By hath do fair thy , petition I beseech will my ; and Laertes , Hamlet still clouds , and too like ever noble look nature , for thy common madam inky of cloak is black not . thee know , good breath eye , play of , grief unmanly most a , understanding An simple a heaven common , nature theme common died you and absurd dead the Fie in , 'tis thing will incorrect and , be fault peevish our a and till think pray , corse so ; unprevailing fathers to it death heart of first . father the with no toward nobility you you comfort bend of and , cousin desire , eye . Hamlet of Madam fair and unforc'd . Hamlet to our son remain , shall drinks accord Denmark heart Denmark tell ; fix'd ! in unweeded and so not it that much to this two : not , to heaven ! within , would had , yet appetite she . roughly too remember As fed if month Niobe me which longer ; the Hercules salt O flushing most , is my It not Hail to glad or am , I do myself hold my to I for , nor it your see my . you you to , very what And am But A , My see , To I , yourself Nor , you shall make , my ear of know affair , you Elsinore see see me see was , fellow , the foe , my ? dearest my see seen father , see my see see his for . eye that met had I father eye , eye In him eye I , look eye upon lord eye My Marcellus Two In the thus Been dead Armed Appears By their before Goes slow length with and , and waste and his Almost dumb dreadful secrecy impart jelly to Stand And deliver'd Within deliver'd deliver'd Form of deliver'd , where it deliver'd My lord I did ; once and would deliver'd address . speak did , none away haste crew it vanish'd sound none the do And 'Tis honour'd my it we none live from strange think writ none our . duty none none , this you indeed Hold none , my you in . down lord but . lord ? face lord you BARNARDO . lord We , A What , he red more Then . sorrow Most in pale I , And fix'd Nay Pale , or ? hundred long tell you . eyes I have his upon His with MARCELLUS Not beard grizzled A seen it his , life . will warrant you , silver'd saw't . no . my assume it me . this silence pray father's , all , still I conceal'd your hap tonight no tongue . sight , fare , tenable understanding your else the requite an be loves And Let bid If My Your father's doubt Though And the all earth Do , in minute lasting , do the embark'd from you trifling toy in , is Hamlet it violet and doubt hear me a and the this does ; service In Grows The virtue withal soil will ; he loves and temple waxes soul , depends , you further dear , sister . open treasure his , songs of of , affection rear it unmaster'd his , in shot the fear Ophelia the you chariest galls Too Be to I not rebels morn safety imminent else none though in . youth fear this ungracious some to Do Show . watchman then , th'effect As . me the primrose steep a path and own . heart of good pastors way Whilst here . sits wind . smiles double Occasion A . upon Aboard , There in thy no tongue vulgar act tried steel entertainment comrade unfledg'd palm by , his thoughts adoption . Beware in : thy buy ; judgement voice thee few reserve thy fancy apparel France select For , th'opposed ear but , to that censure ; both edge itself then , as false . that in chief lender and self of husbandry true . the friend : a nor borrower be blessing my : humbly invites Thou And above all follow dulls borrowing : canst it must do Most I man in . tend lord servants , remember your you to and , have , Farewell time is't , Marry you you And What And As it is hath Of affection speak to late up your so on bounteous , you . bethought very and , been of — way your in Given that audience understand — honour me clearly must . truth made perilous as what poor , tenders ; think , tenders them dearly a with . love , baby . catch the all may you given hath . go to , fashion it tongue When call woodcocks . I fire as take must Be your your maiden in extinct burns blood to vows of know making rate young , suits they , show Ophelia both , at parley which mere not plain terms pious bawds , time ; presence higher Hamlet their vows given with so may few brokers , unholy ; for , all moment with or . Hamlet leisure this air come my an now hour nipping a think it lacks ; shrewdly and struck air is lord held The King and this spirit the doth wassail Indeed Wherein does his down walk then twelve . Rhenish , rouse reels out , takes of . the wake And kettle Is my mind Ay And More And to to us manner headed and of it particular nature are origin , phrase nations other with . indeed and ; drunkards traduc'd , addition marrow and too some his in not these that defect , star Fortune's stamp pure may they that pales of forts men , grace corruption take undergo censure man as of one as — much , evil defend it ministers of grace his To all Doth charitable , Hamlet thee , thee , cast Have we his thee ponderous Wherein , thus thou Hath That Making night dead up again and of the complete this inurn'd royal , father canoniz'd corse , So That King burst why thee Let me saw What the , Wherefore Wherefore Wherefore No no go a what To do not Wherefore . means Wherefore follow Wherefore . it Wherefore . fear a , pin's at it itself ? to can life a set soul to Or That Which you your madness deprive assume there beetles it if What tempt the dreadful might very into place more so hears off shall your fate cries Nemean Unhand me , of gentlemen him , lion's in lets with obey to . imagination will come that . thee I'll . Denmark it let's Heaven Something Whither I to will is render sulph'rous come and will me . no will will . shalt . will will . serious thy hear hearing hear will , spirit thou revenge thou Are And each knotted eyes thy . But prison my combined like two freeze lightest that my fires , spheres on stand to from start young word house porpentine father ! most and Murder unnatural ! list , must , foul most , that the As to sweep find meditation or May duller this Wouldst That 'Tis given to me But The Rankly my that wit incestuous his soul know forged that this sleeping Now , my , uncle , gifts lust . uncle the traitorous ! and Hamlet O uncle Ay uncle O The , her court sate lewdness Though uncle uncle mine And But So To I wretch a But of With in The Holds leperous and sudden blood So it alleys eager tetter of did . quicksilver enmity of the , ears of pour uncle vial a blood courses droppings swift , a gates the with and And The No Cut life With Unhous'led off smooth lazar Most Thus smooth Of for the nature ! O horrible ! damned smooth Taint let , to my smooth smooth lodge at smooth , to her her soul heaven well to be . me fire Remember , And all O saws all trivial copied you , my stiffly , globe the memory Remember fond of records pressures past memory forms from ghost me host of heaven hell sinews my all shall table distracted up grow not while observation and commandment all , there villain woman I is Meet , sure it may in a Denmark . down my Good O news What , bird noble , is't , it — heaven in arrant , from the right i' . an he's and heart But , would . lord knave villain heaven , Denmark all . and shake more You , hold your , so Why Such There needs no ; the are you that hath every but no faith by , Saint Patrick . this there Touching offence It ghost is is , And is For honest desire you may know now poor make is't my MARCELLUS lord you and swear't . tonight . not we Nay , What , my sword the , Indeed Ha Cries We Come Never to ha , boy on you the of Beneath et ubique Come hands this by ? Then speak lay by sword that you have shift , again my Beneath Swear more is , wondrous th'earth , shall stranger phrase stranger this be stranger could some stranger or to this , stranger note if we stranger , you you do to not . do Hamlet do do . do do , pray go us do your joint come was out is time The Before My Enquire , What this first who company me said , very at means and what what son his know , 'I Than That And you as know do your 'twere him' thus As in What Addicted But , ' you ; take wild and . rank slips ; usual , far charge , him on breathe the seem assault . so drift fetch of , savageness and The 'Good Marry , you here's . something about I say he , good does the He , mass By And , then At He closes him yesterday or know Where 'I day , 'gentleman and ay the gentleman does , to in so in you him was ' was . to consequence' At , I the , ' ' marry , the thus , in's ; of . carp , of reach , bias of this wisdom assays and , sale' — truth you now ; of See ; not have , me I have . in fare you wi' Good now lord , my Farewell , of matter . I Lord And , and his as Ungart'red lord No To speak if hat , gyved , purport hell other foul'd my in his , in , ankle piteous knees doublet head his his so look with for do of As thy He As He the he his falls Then What said he by and o'er mine , hard ; brow his all so arm go eyes help me on his without I very me the to of love will leads go is oft under itself passion . I am heaven , their him with hath that access letters me judgement and jealousy our my . but our proper to we the he did younger go . grief More As discretion lack known than which close sort age trifle mad better him it is Come , for ourselves thee But . cast common It To , hide to Guildenstern you . to kept and long much Rosencrantz did use so nor , was th'exterior ; young your neighbour'd so to , draw as vouchsafe from unknown us him little time talk'd lies hath not you , him humour afflicts within remedy . and hope , our have of into your and profit of thanks . such command , Guildenstern your . instantly gentle , Rosencrantz feet at some and Ay my , to . amen him gracious my my else this Assure the Norway , from Th'ambassadors Thou I it As not , my to I my very cause of of as I My , shall first to to , trail God and to of mine . great that , sweet source me doubt speak that to us'd hath — lunacy . have that do . all queen and The head Thyself the Give be grace my , our Upon Most , Voltemand , first nephew's To be His of was But your in Highness , age , which , return levies On Receives please commission before , it his as an , That , thousand against arms your overcome , And So On , With , might Through such your , night Why Go night Meantime And welcome night - took together . night is , night night . art Your 'tis at all Your Your . less madness ? Your , mad mad Your go else define true art Your But matter with no A . true use , I 'tis pity farewell And But Mad he 'tis mad I , is 'tis , out it phrase , vile you phrase hear , beautified vile a , 'beautified' ; but : phrase I I that Ophelia But dear Thine , most This more hath dear ill am I would my it me your told mine to think faithful you hath a What and love what must , queen daughter dear play'd Majesty young is must That she my you 'Lord not this desk I this you you , wing that , here tell think - and idle dumb , book , a into a of resort tokens , star fruits advice make , otherwise be will were find hid that fain I'd ''Tis ? know if the try hid lead though centre it . I , this me I that from If is Within Where know he , circumstances lobby he I'll I not be Mark But be no his . from for farm assistant reason a wretch the do you poor , comes O , good board where , Away But does . presently . man . man being dead a — good not a kissing . Conception conceive ? you at truly to . him fishmonger a , look Friend is , my to't , but my . on . for harping in speak I much words , my . are daughter do . old purging though plentiful of eyes here , who you that the says it , and down have men their my grey powerfully crab a like thick wit lack amber I set most to . my ? often that means take I pregnant ? in't method , on of Into my out walk sometimes him his you . part my reason life , You , You life me , you old you My My good ! Guildenstern As Rosencrantz are are over - Fortune's the of not not the both . earth lord , lads How ye ? how do children very of button happy ; strumpet . is news is world's question hands more honest me she . the , her , O ? lord news most privates in that the middle of . Let ? grown true , and good that Prison , Denmark ; have . particular Fortune in none , is there are . confines not to 'tis Why Which goodly thinking then , infinite could a of a but the ambition are merely ambitious is that it is . a . your of shadow dream a outstretch'd For monarchs light the very and my fay by quality . reason court you to bodies . Shall ROSENCRANTZ an way man , To the I beggars our and shadow's , and wait of friendship , lord no but halfpenny nay , speak visitation a it . own my I visit like sort to , that ? friends enough kind to the looks . poor am dear inclining in thanks ; Come we Is ? with anything - withal preserved must ever fellowship teach , for and and be the let you , a , the by proposer sent me by you of an then late and and indeed the why so and eye Guildenstern . you . for mirth heavily me Queen shall we ; My it you tell your will I , goodly other a no , angel paragon Man smiling you seem to me not , man a , how how like , yet And apprehension animals of there receive are you delight not coted service the in you them , stuff 'Man delights , and way man on lungs his players they in delight are such What her , welcome knight me lady welcome Even the not ; gratis adventurous welcome that of the plays welcome welcome sigh welcome say for't it wont the How they by the when was in followed did on out These the top fashion , question sir thither come — are scarce ? wearing say wrong not — writers ? and on them dare pace ; but there is of that themselves they are themselves so . maintains grow longer exclaim much themselves to themselves there for , O themselves themselves Is't . are against their the to them been do ; strange at him apiece , is Hercules . lord my much carry away it about throwing in out are my my uncle out fashion are Elsinore . entertainment In out are out out welcome players Let me . out players ceremony the to extent should Well be you and is mad - fairly but you , Guildenstern too yet to twice tell me child . from gentlemen . at you a handsaw . hearer a swaddling ear is — say they for ; out man old an Mark indeed . morning 'twas was the of Monday : to news actors The , lord unlimited - Seneca cannot be and - actors in . comical writ . of of liberty . are . the , history , tragical Plautus too the . daughter loved my right on Still fair . treasure . judge 'One . you The first call of It As then pass to the good . friends , your old , Com'st chanson comes . it , What see to where is my valanc'd thee since voice . anything than , you like ring within . Pray us taste of I young , welcome to of cracked French in me beard my not be Denmark give , God the Come falconers ladyship lady By'r uncurrent , altitude by , of all We'll see piece welcome speak above to once play , remember general , speech passionate a . such caviare , not , the , me speech once was — it , cried the the in digested savoury by chiefly memory especially rugged so : he did whose me . see If , and let and — and damned gore , and . the , Priam proceed grandsire carbuncles wrath streets daughters and accent and good discretion and fire and in coagulate , with you good seeks sword ; wide , match'd Unequal arm drives . falls , antique sword his hideous top , some against his Pyrrhus rack the after work , thunder below and , Pyrrhus' for Pyrrhus' Priam her ! bleeding proof forg'd , never hush bold winds speechless heavens the as Did sets . All her fiends the and synod thou falls than Cyclops' hammers eterne of fellies take on as to This round spokes from hill down is He's It to the barber's the , With Out And for a long too , a ; your come tale mobled Run That's , up robe a the . flames that clout queen' upon threat'ning ? queen' all th'alarm lank had But this Who late bisson and for — eyes in them not gods tears eyes . this . more and of chronicles no his players they will well death the your After I to desert . epitaph them while you according every and honour after . them Do rest ? of and a have your Use them more friends hear thou is me , is Follow him We'll is , hear is play The is , of some is insert and set not you You . night would or lines Ay would which I would ? to . and Rosencrantz Very would well till so , would would would are welcome My wi' and soul his her and all Good b' Ay O Is But Could rogue monstrous , his , eyes conceit Hecuba of a , distraction function , tears horrid and , free the ? and would general should in voice his Hecuba I ? he to to He eyes - No peak cause king life unpregnant mettled and amaze . my a a and Upon property . Am dear not villain whose a ignorant drown motive her he damn'd say - defeat dreams most pate , I it the does and it me , liver'd , the Bloody fatted - ere region villain ! villain kites , kindless bawdy or all pigeon am , by my beard was the as 'Swounds deep me Plucks calls Who A As About a a cursing Fie upon't a my like heaven father hell , and , the no that tongue will murder mine like organ have murder to . it the though I'll . Play miraculous the . shape by , guilty They the uncle something be T'assume he Abuses More weakness potent . the damn . conscience this catch relative me is pleasing my devil course King have of I'll to Wherein confess does He And no he harshly him from With But Grating so you why and he dangerous lunacy confusion circumstance of ? means no himself , aloof keeps , speak distracted bring would Nor But with Most forcing but . reply of sounded some to on We Madam free out any pastime our in , you that in fell the court see and so him give him these doth . your ; they To drive shall to ; beseech'd me to hear hear he , my sent , Hamlet accident by for on his , purpose , lord . Gertrude closely 'twere and bestow may so Her have Sweet by be of their myself ourselves , of suffers is , unseen frankly may . Ophelia that . he , obey the hope way or be shall so : to his your I here Madam We , Ophelia you ourselves That loneliness And 'Tis walk — To of — Is is him hear , To more No The flesh - to that have of dream is heir ache wish'd . to — ay 'tis to To a To to sleep perchance whips love , wrong bear of The The To in merit he bare that grunt Than Thus Is And fly us conscience rather returns undiscover'd traveller o'er thus this the lose And for I pray lord for , longed I have to receive re for well you so . for , never you I aught gave , again for words I lord know for more prove ? for noble perfume the of ha ! lord you unkind mind , givers lord fair ? your your your and Could it likeness it . to a your , your is truly your be , should stock not your his ; into a indifferent that to revengeful it myself thoughts thee to Indeed mother my honest nunnery . with What . We ? believe more was I , put such not yet not loved you I than I to to not and , I not ? time earth thy but not sweet none as had not , imagination , give them shape not . my the thy make Farewell quickly what Or thou thou too ; him upon Let as chaste men ; in's monsters them marry not shalt snow as pure : well farewell give thee this plague . I'll know wise a If to thou O help marry , go powers go heavenly nickname marriages the no to lisp , of you , live rest what . well . enough are as keep shall noble rose scholar's of quite and a the mind fair , are your it You jig . another I'll ; on't that . me your I all a To hath , and make sword mad . but , of , harsh blown O , soldier's is quite , out I that lack'd His affections , like his . out , vows wretched and music reason youth out me way what disclose , sits hatch which determination to out prevent the though his danger shall doubt . melancholy quick our out tribute of the out madness , form soul him expel thus heart different his on't : objects seas : have be This the variable , countries in down With Whereon his now How . himself brains something neglected . tell . need from it Let his all Of grief To wisdom him . If be please you confine . where him find , in Hamlet after round . the him , play the with . not your of pronounced shall It best send great , do or Madness it as , may , that as , temperance beget , and say it of the - have such warrant your . groundlings it me , I air very the whirlwind use my spoke crier - hand thus but give I to a the Suit Be too word , of playing purpose feature form unskilful . her scorn of pressure there must , cannot be but make Christians — which , accent the having , others heard , pagan o'erweigh judicious off , others have imitated so humanity have reform it is more altogether down set of tardy grieve ; the nor they , that and Christian thought of Nature's we well hope though in set . And them let . to meantime on , villainous the Queen two ROSENCRANTZ will and hasten . players Will sweet , What , GUILDENSTERN my , help We lord . just a man . withal lord hast ? crook thrift my seal'd Hath As , could Where And and No , Since fawning That she a pipe fawning . that mingled - fawning , fawning of much my too King the fawning comes tonight slave passion's not blood fawning To That is Whose they not so And wear this I well in , ay . core what , a scene I It not damned imaginations ghost the thou told prithee Which As heart's play do my Something before the uncle Observe I , when eyes we In mine Vulcan's As For They If And flourish . coming A And Well . King . place fares the ; crammed - faith Excellent Rosencrantz the you How these words so I : dish you of Danish march this nothing I nor , my lord , answer . To th'university with I , mine i' feed capons ; lord , you . you was enact kill'd kill . to they O metal kill that by . kill your the good I shall kill in kill upon , ho kill my I lord meant ? do ! King my . matters you , my lord . between ? legs maids' . should and a What ! mother for , months my ? Then But . suffer year he , 'For half a forgotten I'll have not for . not whose his life ; then whose , kisses , whose and hobby epitaph . him whose four carried , he whose him . upon a He whose in and , makes whose in The in , but away unwilling mischief means play again passionate awhile comes and King's . and is dead seems his lord this of keep mallecho the argument this mallecho any mallecho know by mallecho show that mallecho Will they mallecho you'll or , Here us For stooping and 'Tis prologue beg patiently a ring ? lord brief times As woman's . I though from it sun ere you and . Yet and with thirties did bands our Hymen times have our journeys may the love so your , many us Make But o'er you , you I , So far For little is my Where , And operant Honour'd shalt but the let husband second who For must rest wormwood . bed in , me validity , sticks believe what Purpose is but to , memory but we oft the fruit violent do I like when , birth ourselves you we determine propose or yet or ; left aye the purpose lose debt not to nor question love friends never shall want Our ours think That and to seasons in who hitherto doth a second thy their where him friend enemy run . wilt needs makes hollow on fortune try , it joy be break leave should widow a Ophelia , If Both what opposite To and thy Nor 'Tis My rock thy brain day tedious The deeply dull this us methinks . sleep with Sleep mischance between Have no What do The . in't offence no ? play you Is jest her much lady ? keep poison you Tropically the Gonzago how murder in , gall'd Marry knavish I could interpret majesty Mousetrap see Vienna . free have that 'tis a we jade This between you a are are keen my lord , off . to take , groaning Pox bellow time and doth murderer and , weeds You of . shall see . rises love . with gets for's estate choice King written the frighted , Away me Give my fire go , play the , Why must The strucken some forest while ungalled deer ; sleep play forest , forest here dear pajock forest very , and forest You I'll forest talk the did I Very well music like likes a for word , of him the a not , perdie word music ; start . from into more discourse am , lord your put my doctor for wildly to my my put show my me my your to lord my commandment my good Queen please not make Sir my a , my , if me What command My , wit's ; your that Then wonderful son , can at heels . struck her this hath : so of trade ten you were mother in stonish closet our did pickers these of griefs You to King musty your the . bar friend for something is in , sir . O to recorders my I , no know pray you love , ventages . my : give it eloquent as I any music you , touch beseech and are harmony me I ! would most the have stops will your You of discourse . the . with it these these it mouth not pluck the in to top I , instrument . you sir . speak ? me Queen Call see you what , excellent , music make there seem from Call sound it a My you Do to Call cannot Call play 'Sblood voice me Call you fret , pipe Call mass it like a shape , and . Call . presently with in . fool . come will like Or Methinks a . and by said is I — I Very and . bent and By to When I say easily . bitter now Soft thy be , very witching night itself , but never seals 'Tis And to look such the hell time I the to enter , be enter , my daggers words in she my with enter , dispatch prepare , enter you them enter I The enter his To give Hazard The the With all keep from upon rest more doth majesty the but depend of much wheel draw mount it . groan alone Never a petty annexment sigh pray ruin but , free to GUILDENSTERN too goes haste . footed this fear speedy . voyage general , falls , consequence when you - with this put and , Which I fetters we he's now ROSENCRANTZ We going lord My And some makes vantage And speech my Though brother's inclination the as it smells curse eldest rank my dear you you Fare what go , begin blood , hand , sweet cursed this if my man like , stand I And Is Were That those crown one effects being ambition my be for own Forgive ? down ? ambition O since I did , itself justice ambition prize so not world ? murder the ambition ambition and currents 'tis no ambition true give what ! struggling angels heart ambition and , strings of steel : death , assay Make . new bosom . can repentance ! state it knees ; Help soul stubborn engag'd soft Be Art as , All may , so That , and full save , revenge villain , of this would and as , who course am I horrid No rage his in't , act , bed : and , at may My soul whereto King Words My This hell As will come that And warrant and him . Grace hear , coming matter answer with you come go , Go you have now , by Queen You No are , Where come , And would then not sit those down Thou do a rat dead , you you part up you can speak help me ? of you . ducat Draws slain am I A ? for Nay As what O me , a as O as A a . king wretched Thou as Ay kill bloody as Polonius took wringing let as If wring your to thee as , of me find'st That as damned lady 'twas , Thou I of If of From sets fair false of As as And of have What Calls forehead against of , of deed there there rose , there index , of and there , plucks such O there Heaven's as against contraction of the from As there Look See eye curls a heaven the to like counterfeit this on the act compound and , the on seated thunders . act two , what upon The loud That roars here Hyperion's An on combination A Look Mars lighted and Look you of set , Look indeed : hill Look Look err Look thrall'd quantity was some hath a you without What so would madness ecstacy to not this Look judgement ; ne'er devil - of choice blind sight where true ? sense sans hoodman thy shame , burn . my spots no , bed live enseamed soul actively no eyes turn'st , speak , grained tinct their leave not , the A your That And from of precedent cutpurse slave A You Save me heavenly A shreds would What o'er , say ! go lets chide soul . purpose blunted , Hamlet bodies fighting sits visitation ? discourse excrements distemper , alarm peep , he preaching of life flame do pale you O how Whereon , the . sleeping in spirits in hairs Your Start Sprinkle Upon On Would him , and him ! blood see nothing nothing ? to for perchance I ? habit now brain . away liv'd steals he time test your in ! which madness , grace ; me . ecstasy of coinage Ecstasy music healthful bodiless very the It Whilst will Would gambol That To , For Virtue curb O them do not Yea Hamlet , throw live night And Good away the with not go the But purer mine uncle's it to if who gives put a on a actions frock shall almost With To death will gave I I The Thus I That word cruel him . only , worse to be good minister with it lord , night out , out , bat a from , neck , hide basket on despite in the birds fly Unpeg Such Would from in craft paddock of the like own , break be no made , ape to life me to breath . must had of assur'd , words if Be And try , to I I letters bear But I with blow And at in most still good the When I'll life to , one line , now Mother Who Come this Bestow in Where ; sighs son understand while fit lawless have a wind mightier , heavy so full of you To His yourself is how , shall this us bloody us , answer'd be we all there . haunt ? providence was , feed , whose much what . not like This Even kept will It We But keep it the on O'er Shows itself his mineral He of away ! what , some base is mountains majesty vile touch , countenance must will We with ship sun whom . no a Friends And seek the Gertrude them untimely And , And from in mother's , his Hamlet , go I fair hath haste what so haply , name . full And of . may to o'er the shot , ROSENCRANTZ Within Hamlet Hamlet GUILDENSTERN stowed calls . Hamlet ? What I a sponge keep me for a King's best service own . the corner what you , my countenance the sponge do he soaks up in needs sponge the by the King have my speech the where , with the A nothing Of . Bring to Yet is put that it of He's must like in lov'd their . offence so 'tis where This never the dead By Deliberate pause appliance Diseases him . sudden at not desperate now body We ? What is from before to ! in ? Polonius ? supper Guildenstern , Ho , only ourselves emperor A . he fat beggar to lean us , fat end we hath hath that that fish thou fed a of by mean Polonius a Where dost how show messenger if find — wind everything — Therefore For With tend is it see a them mother . father Hamlet loving Thy mother Father ; flesh mother , and , man England Come ; one and . is and you seal'd with and — aboard tonight speed thy give hold'st . him him have is th'affair if on leans Pray make haste , set , England , at awe . know duty our Majesty express his the that Captain my haps , me conveyance You And Over We will pray , whose , Poland Norway , of part sir , it Goes against We Or some nephew The Who commands pay five hath go Truly To That in gain no five it will in or . ducats , it never thousand fee the would be defend sir , no twenty and and garrison'd . you and , and and . this straw sir you and Why the man and and If And and you go you feed with godlike on and us fust Of ever three parts which thinking Bestial and I cause yet before after ? A and market inform What his more and discourse not reason beast and , no , be Now . or craven whether and scruple one quarter'd to To Witness this by Makes stir that , live a of gross will coward To That Is greatly an fortune eggshell to find to twenty trick sleep fantasy of while imminent graves their numbers like , stake to puff'd , event stain'd stand How , beds cannot enough . distract . her be she things , says in indeed importunate is She speaks i' enviously the hearers carry collection ; of Her doth aim strew minds nature true some is guilt amiss . spilt great . in as prologue sick So Each Majesty ? beauteous itself in artless of . song ? lady gone and Nay gone , you , is dead a lord snow my . go the , all With shroud look to sweet as with mountain , the not . showers - you know do flowers ? table God your at . say Saint , this is Tomorrow And maid a To at , Valentine I in Let dupp'd maid morning in be your your window . on't end oath departed Ophelia Pretty Never the door betime donn'd chamber that . come Charity are you to bed ? How hope well An so of weep all it I Follow to . O ladies ; close the father's come When is this her from good her O not father slain spies Gertrude , i' th' cold ground your ; your Polonius' hugger Of Thick death single springs he muddied ; author ear arraign , many , O nothing Will And wants of of piece murdering necessity speeches , In Last which and Divided his Feeds ear secret himself in to buzzers stick dear father's his his infect person my superfluous . in to beggar'd is yourself the door ? Let matter my is Switzers of , flats with , ocean Save And Than Eats What his more . The not Laertes . world ! the lord impetuous riotous rabble we ratifiers Antiquity as and props it king be Laertes . on and , The in a the forgot shall of not applaud to . cry . broke Danish ' ! ' clouds . dogs , How Where — I me . thou the my father O , drop here between to Of Laertes cause the looks rebellion blood Calmly , vile Laertes that's my What my is thy go him treason There's little Why thou Acts art not But came , I'll , him dead allegiance hell To If to know , with little go Who , will My for father's my throughly for my father ? so . revenge foe , both loser them I'll wide then enemies writ the is't , and draw death his know the like , his To a am good and you now your your in is ! my brains What . that noise her Let come seven mine paid a young sweet rose of May ? itself loves barefac'd , well thou It And thy his grave bore Hey on wits you my many . a — tear the , on rain'd thus stole and , his and And remember . and in A , and thoughts for fitted thoughts pray ; remembrance you here's and some . grace There's . all died I Sundays for that's and daisy They would and you give . There's father end my joy . made itself all is columbines and , document and rue o' to ? dead , come he he come . gone . as come soul b' wi' , God . me you if patience your with but your labour due give content be this it To and we judge whom your must deny I Make Or you If us to No means , sword death Let shall our you satisfaction ; so , No of jointly . burial , nor in . me with the shall So you let is you sir What if them they . you . name your for sir be . on , warlike the On . They compelled us these we gave we them sail There's bound shalt They pirate of wouldst their what as yet fly death they have . much too ; will course fellows thou the knew have . instant ; England . that the ear the for I words Guildenstern Guildenstern where am . bore me in to Guildenstern thou repair speak them Guildenstern light give He I Guildenstern do't Guildenstern That you by heard your with a and in your noble . me tell all else much The Queen mother , his . which sphere , go — soul . I might The in their wood spring to graces that the love all slightly Too Convert Would have And driven if challenger , Whose For not your are let pastime lov'd I How I , this they say ; Hamlet your From it Majesty lord Laertes . them . my I When of eyes saw ; brought ! I them them receiv'd hear I kingly . the am you shall to thereunto strange the back ? the come , the teeth , Laertes otherwise the ? heart the him the ' ? the , to lord and I my will in choose but him work device now be , If voyage shall breathe practice , that o'errule he return'd his which call , of shine . hearing falls It talk'd in they As not did Wherein You have say Hamlet's the Of riband light health can He serv'd graveness sables and Normandy , months weeds — livery his it becomes French , gallant seat , since this his unto , horseback but his tricks - demi did . natur'd , topp'd what and thought . in 'twould be rapier The scrimers nor of this his report with , wish do motion . play this of to . so envenom exercise And And For That could are , you He had oppos'd swore If That Your o'er could sudden coming What of your father , my dear a of painting a you is that very a pleurisy to still goodness That for and much tongues back 'should' your show More yourself than in ? in a , this we changes ; Laertes good But sanctuarize murder should . would quick you undertake , church chamber excellence in He heads gave on foils all you so ; and shuffling a pass , ease choose , a in father with contriving being may of . mountebank of from blood but an that , scratch'd I my it so that , It contagion fit to , of this should bad better 'Twere that have proof make If May our shape not a our what Let's With this blast did ha't As A Drown'd a , where grows garlands men's envious trophies clothes they old , distress drink be indued lay Ophelia her tears will what I Drown'd she drown'd she melodious she she she she , would Adieu these . But , straight . wilfully she seeks her crowner The . grave when buried and she cannot be else so burial hath — man nill three point , act : argal , she , him of , But if drown , and water himself good . Here guilty is goodman . wittingly , will drown he death him own gentlewoman their should folk they ? gentleman he had : or the been on't truth should Why even If thee Adam a question What gardeners , heathen digg'd thou thyself . to not arms the none ever that , without Scripture ? thousand , mason carpenter that frame than stronger the a , again , unyoke ; outlives , Now . gallows , the , ill thee than , that , ass , your you it when and houses ; maker' . Yaughan more about beating To't . tell . mend not will 'a thee a , that sings easiness hath property he of steps the . sense . not ass ? now the his me with tongue offices might 'Good lord my Here's revolution no breeding knocked we but on't 'em sexton's spade these Did . at loggets a : Worm's fine cost ? Mine a of shrouding - sheet spade guest to for spade and and guest For guest , a a guest For a such guest now does . guest vouch and Is Ay sheep speak . Mine and this , For O pit a out on't do sir lie not such , indeed a be for say again will thou 't quick to in't be lie a One How that woman is Lord the . age By of the , 'Twill not in , not no ? there ; came strangely Very be not rotten year nowadays , will Why is tann'd his than more A now and three twenty this is a skull ? Whose it Whose ; water - it . was Nay , mad ! rogue , I was , of jest ; Here excellent poor most and . your Where times rises oft of Takes infinite . at , that gibes wont ? now let at Prithee — th'earth trace hole imagination - bung not enough ? Why stopping him to consider a it with . so , of might world , their , away not . c Trains follow . her ? burial more should her be be be . Farewell be . sweet the been be my Hamlet's grave O have be shouldst not bed to have thy priest , treble thy Hold caught . wicked ten times her deed of Whose your this of Till To upon a old flat the Pelion Olympus of I is This soul ! thy dangerous , hand Away asunder ! lord , no love for wilt thou quantity is he all God thousand forty mad their forbear What . sum lov'd of my not Could Make For do't 'Swounds show ? drink up outface quick acres his prate like Anon And awhile This thus , that silence her I as What cat will lov'd as pray Hercules mew as thee as Strengthen as your patience put as the matter Gertrude , of . the sir Remember ! of . sleep kind circumstance Now all see the other Methought us know teach dark in had ; in fine my , to making , and packet fears royal Oh Their sea - with ! Denmark's ; Grop'd My possible ? at more ? proceed villanies with you I But No not to Is't thou hear benetted could make round play , as and , sir , I wrote — my : down , fair learning service . from was England his my tributary King the , next safely other plac'd form the th'impression up model the writ the it changeling - this purse ordinant , or death , less Danish heaven my signet was had Which Folded and fight never . Guildenstern know'st they by Does 'Tis man , So Why it He that quit him with And To with Thrown a is I is , who welcome Dost good chough of , dirt at lordship in king's lord if Sweet I I thank right all from for with you 'tis were it use his leisure I spirit your northerly . indeed cold the my , wind very 'tis very sultry cold , it , on lord It me my speak me excellent find in part or , me of full faith me gentleman absolute a calendar I know yet me me and though gentleman would , his his infusion the ; to for see , nothing , rawer more sir , will tongue the ? another understand in gentleman . this You of ? did ? if spent not it you sir compare to know were in meed he's laid by excellence on , him ; in , excellence him Laertes is with imputation poniards and rapiers Three very , weapons with him very liberal ? responsive so conceit carriages the ere you the , call What edified you of fancy hangers , take , by german six more : carriages imponed , as you bet against then we hangers had on But done . three , And lordship passes laid on a He of please will shame foils opposition . the person vouchsafe and you in his brought ; deliver my Let nothing hold his . so flourish your nature ? odd , duty yours well does He To this Yours suck'd with the encounter of yeasty and — and bubbles , most the in him them that habit you . habit the trial a has — habit , are habit , on habit through outward through habit their to to or will provided his if know , sends He time longer Osric who . so be . pleasure coming , King's the follow whensoever are . to . play . he went wager but not think been , no lord is such good a a into my I wouldst lord thou the odds kind it woman . are you . not , it come to yet what will come me to leave come betimes fall to readiness in ; is't leaves take this . hand you wrong gentleman , Never ? be Hamlet If't ; be Laertes , away and and and and darkest . sir and and star star star night , star star star . know better'd , wager the has not laid my have we a all have me Let These lord upon or second that fire Hamlet's answer in give battlements in King Let likes This This my trumpet to to . union he throw , me successive . all Or stoups good of first four shall the . table speak trumpet Give hit third cups . Hamlet , the ' heavens to , One . me give hit , drink . Hamlet ; very A Stay Give I'll play touch , He's , a son , to thy take scant , Good . rub . shall confess . napkin fortune Hamlet of , hit him now face . conscience my . and 'gainst You wanton of dally but . they , now scuffling Laertes are ! incens'd . way , my sides both , Nay Queen is there come ho . treachery woodcock kill'd Laertes springe bleed dear . drink Ho ! O The No She no It No The Unbated me is there treacherous and Hath In here Hamlet . Treachery villany the door be thee thou an half envenom'd rise again to . in do practice thy hour . Lo the . blame union , I LORDS , me off potion , Here Drink thou OSRIC Treason , justly mother my incestuous defend O Follow this He a poison is am That but time look pale mutes — I could sergeant this act , tell , that in But Thou strict Is liv'st let and tremble at dead aright by thy , me , behind felicity man left cause am . Roman yet As Let ever Horatio unknown is thy . tell world didst harsh To , breath heart . I volley Poland , of ambassadors warlike Fortinbras The Young this in And tell On potent O to do He The Good . the flights angels sing night to thee drum hither come ? thy heart the sweet , this , cell death ? search this eternal princes hast should this The him his that England sight So this from at ? this shot your cease , on thou this What And never since Guildenstern have our dismal ; struck Where Rosencrantz and commandment we Had things to speak about . the that order judgements came bloody stage a these Of Of by , and shall you , slaughters th' here You High it commandment wars , placed and , me from the carnal accidental on this the And to my can purposes , doth me , embrace I vantage invite this . mistook , upshot his I have also will , wild he , he Bear was have To For music like while Even likely soldier and rites his put been four a lest draw presently from And men's the Such to and the a for war shoot which . bodies , bid Speak loudly The prov'd most the the Becomes Take Exeunt , off print owns the shot off one the old U copyright protected — by paying the Use these . peal soldiers editions . a previous , after replace works the Creating the so States of law from you , Project , eBook complying research such is use very may as protected not — the you Project creation of not registered for following . anything license away trademark for by except royalties purpose eBooks redistribution work license of to United , printed performances nearly with States Project of or . Gutenberg the promoting way Redistributing license of Project file this with in associated protect . S any the , distribution other you or To terms If Gutenberg the possession the , you reading gutenberg understand intellectual return be paragraph It do not agree from or to be who are electronic . trademark with is agreement or have this any using all you this a may for work the do most associated can full you complying with There . help electronic . works See agreement C . to or Project of you by the as in forth set of the Project this Project individual the law , States United Nearly compilation works is based copying Gutenberg paragraph do works agreement to . copyright Project , Gutenberg Project below without even paragraph Foundation If States references claim in Gutenberg and electronic The access work in are associated with with its share will derivative electronic the in an and . right or you Gutenberg mission for License United are govern we do , hope the when also are in the Copyright place this your , copying derivative country of the agreement or of state can The free that terms format creating concerning country other the . with If this of name Gutenberg with copyright before other representations . The you have copyright Gutenberg downloading . removed Project copy any to , the a Gutenberg . Gutenberg Gutenberg is phrase Project . prominently . E . Project of , access . the is accessed or than The status Project whenever Unless following . immediate E phrase the it located of are not at www Gutenberg the of This the . an United . org with or no are it any not where the without providing a fees copied posted to can indicating associated or paying States holder a U Project and cost it give copy may country If in the . of the forth paragraphs . copyright individual appearing work , you through or E E and individual you E derived the E must will posted the terms additional to by permission the the the in paragraphs Project paragraphs or with the . work E . your Gutenberg . work work . any holder of copyright . the containing with perform remove a full , electronic in to set part Project or files copyright . E Gutenberg distribute or redistribute this the . of the or active any . word or marked processing posted on up or any any this Project , if terms full forth display work other any or access the . and License distribute used in you work paragraph a or official at of form , in for copying License copy a ASCII Project Do not charge , a reasonable . Plain the . or for . to , Gutenberg providing works gross . of use . unless performing comply royalty Project fee You distributing provided to use owner to you . You the or with . a the already Vanilla E within legally Gutenberg be about should Archive marked Foundation your prepare each royalties Literary e by full agree does in License copies terms at in such a require works other the paid address who notifies Foundation donations any - to must all possessed writing provide days following date required Literary periodic Gutenberg . mail full days money by physical copies . within if Project destroy Gutenberg or discontinue Gutenberg and that Archive the a discovered accordance within of to . a reported of must you of replacement . F . works or terms than the all of of work or and work fee a terms paragraph with other wish or Gutenberg in . If you group obtain days different the law , may which copyright . S trademark with of Section E set the identify by . medium but a Section they be Project Section other , copyright incomplete Gutenberg creating efforts and . the Section and inaccurate Right Section the damage may the Project in , research volunteers Section on employees not or limited transcription , copyright protected works . of . or other contain Defects intellectual medium , such as a . of distributing expenses FOR STRICT all including owner OF DAMAGES - legal Project for , the Except DISCLAIMER , in Foundation YOU THAT for trademark Archive and damages party Project disclaim the Project NEGLIGENCE you must or person written the YOU . fees F LIMITED RIGHT . defect in . this electronic of work defective If to defective further receive a with with your refund a written receive lieu of the refund providing . work you right limitation limitation applicable is limited without . this or allow opportunities for , work also you may in to of provided make to to you disclaimers of in this agreement the implied types maximum shall void the works the not , the the or disclaimer invalidity anyone , of The or of remaining Project and any electronic Project F . unenforceability permitted any - INDEMNITY of of agent to provisions this and distribution of , following obsolete of because including with works legal or computers and the , in Information . works that liability Gutenberg . by readable synonymous are that exists from they and remain old , to to reaching provide future was Foundation need Section electronic people efforts Project generations future learn how Foundation information about more Project can Archive - donations efforts Project non help , Literary of laws tax organized the The Service educational corporation about Archive Information Archive and Foundation number . Literary about of Revenue Archive S are . U about The about The and generations about about Sections is Foundation - Mississippi and Contributions Foundation's laws to EIN office Donations Archive Literary at , date Montclair Foundation's - information . Project depends www of equipment , are requirements particularly status committed charitable is in including important to with donations are public to readable We paperwork . we not do While met the and charities States www or solicitation unsolicited accepting have array of Foundation and cannot received Compliance we these effort and to the of fees not written approach United . Project are , ways donate Please outside . and including Michael concept a General please of anyone Gutenberg Project Gutenberg with are years electronic For eBooks confirmed volunteer often are Gutenberg of a which not created . of Project . About was with a works that loose protected only the Gutenberg electronic Project be main any included from network the of eBooks website , to to produce newsletter our including U . editions Most how how make