Who's me . Stand the Long He hour to 'Tis thee am a The you watch mouse , meet , Horatio bid my night . them stirring good rivals hear liegemen to good honest farewell Give think Barnardo has A piece , Barnardo , you soldier . Welcome ? again good , appear'd tonight Marcellus there ! of what Holla , With this nothing sight dreaded not have thing , says I will Horatio may Well night t'illume from heaven , story , assail seen . and westward down we nights two have . thee same In the ; speak King Look beating one all scholar Peace art it like Most It me . off , that's the Looks to Horatio . fear time warlike buried of fair form . usurp'st that the By . spoke Horatio this majesty In Together sometimes ? is ! march , speak gone now What my , Without answer . away I not speak , speak and , something I Horatio on't not true You fantasy ! this once the very , the When frown'd smote think ? believe King : in armour eyes ? jump . Norway to like he watch our this he thou art Such before what With In the this strict and me , eruption and strange , the daily mart of nightly same such impress the And What martial This bodes toward joint inform ? me sweaty whose of cast and scope of of most our to watch Doth is't that I appear'd to us Norway , the with Our but by in our , day task sore this the from week haste : who law the he Well this Was seiz'd this Did Did Which stood To King , forfeit slay so the prick'd Whose That can ; goes know combat Thereto Dar'd For Fortinbras his of , most pride him return'd conqueror , to life which by been of , design'd competent our which it this source hath in His Hath Shark'd fell by But main motive . lost recover no e'en so I this our preparations lands the figure : watch . by some ; appear terms father King . watch but other our of post of well compulsatory watch head it foresaid those this ere mightiest the in watch squeak Did watch Disasters stars watch of and with in Upon trains sun to with empire watch moist stands the and fire ; Neptune's to armed high the the even Was A was The As graves gibber tenantless trouble the mind's Rome again comes Stay countrymen omen earth demonstrated coming together where . fierce , star of climatures Lo Unto it , any If hast cross there to thee do may But be I'll Which which they say treasure That If Speak to thy country's me , voice grace may , to . in of and , uphoarded avoid ? partisan speak walk foreknowing to speak womb oft at Do , Stay the spirits you thy earth . not my Marcellus . it strike do And our was vain show ! here here so violence majestical mockery cock his the throat , cock or , truth air morn at and , summons is lofty of day and ; and in god Doth No So hallow'd fairy And Wherein The then The nights are wholesome nor , heard , the watch we Unto Hamlet yon russet in high eastward believe hill speak him , us , loves fitting , to duty it advice clad it , tonight seen my by know . joy . a of sorrow wisest hath sister think ourselves defeated now with to , and this one have , Fortinbras brother's advantage . of us lands death , bonds time have the in herein full made , dispatch all are proportions subject Cornelius , Who Thus He hath our His The lists to the King dilated haste these with Of ; Giving Farewell and and To In it now The shall The Than native wouldst , of What my not reason , Laertes speak be more hand Your My bow now leave From To throne wouldst confess I return to France your , willingly to favour Dread have lord my my wishes bend gracious ? and Yet I your must came to your duty pardon . me to time thy spend Laertes , graces hour fair best cousin him Hamlet give wrung leave than more it is Not And And Aside little my my that I thy like in common is with thy vailed lids colour friend a the . must lives eternity all nature it nighted , visage river haviour of grief the . denote Nor ! seems Why it Nay particular with ? good madam not alone suits Seems , of forc'd mother ; play woe of nature to father and the lost your obligation obstinate In shows To In sorrow condolement incorrect a course , filial But To sweet and these you These impious An we know understanding thing to sense ; term , as and fault to to common grief , unschool'd , be our , to unmanly But 'Tis . simple 'tis a a . a is , and mind to impatient whose , dead Fie vulgar the first the against , hath throw take , is died world the nobility Wittenberg love , today you note earth , to , of , cousin , cheer we And Here in Our It is back courtier thee chiefest Wittenberg throne our to less our eye to ; with I thy going most beseech I Do Let In not pray stay loving Denmark . a obey ; health speaking earthly too No , 'tis gentle to heaven into resolve flat . itself slaughter weary 'gainst Re the King's great jocund my heart to cannon But O grows to it , canon And Everlasting O God fix'd dew would away thunder melt ! that Thaw me on't Seem How Or His it that ! a satyr ; beteem , she hang earth , it — grown within thy shoes it ! heaven mother on had , appetite yet it , ere or , not what I remember if it not — a might face Visit Hyperion to it Frailty fed on't — too so loving roughly the As Frailty he it Must By little Than She Frailty Would My God , all beast that Why on . but ; to the . such Frailty flushing nor O salt most her wicked more married those Frailty wants unrighteous month speed , my like . in Frailty Within galled , not heart to do ! dexterity to see your for must to good lordship But or I you myself . from Wittenberg you name poor servant same , And what I I'll make to glad But am what in very A I hear , good say lord my disposition shall Nor truant To know you Against make We'll you faith My you not is drink that truant you ? own , so enemy ear are see father's , see mock was lord The ! think Thrift — thrift coldly I had met that day furnish upon student hard your me follow'd it marriage in . Horatio , my methinks lord my the see , eye my , all again My He I lord lord shall saw a father my the , attent your My think Who ! gentlemen . deliver may while with - night gentlemen , father your - and their these , them : of , point them cap distill'd , walk'd , they not dreadful , to speak they . the secrecy hands we where These , My Form act him kept true like made both in I speak watch . the comes , they The lord made it , lifted motion But vanish'd sound then to the My very from it strange our my it know MARCELLUS Hold lord in let , you , To watch BARNARDO . do you my lord toe to face ? Both beaver up ? look'd Then O . frowningly in or he sorrow than fix'd , red pale , Nay A very very would I had very with moderate MARCELLUS very very very While It one , and beard as I was seen have when was It His , Not it , saw't in again walk watch tonight ; you pray . 'twill noble you bid speak you it And Let Give My Your I But And And , convoy youth youth youth For , and fashion in Hold A youth it Forward youth The youth No youth nature and nor thews Grows greatness he For nor nor himself is soil . as for nor if to which Denmark nor your list you , nor goes no withal is so may his chaste or so importunity , of and shot the of Out so she so itself so so keep , Fear Or with Then Than lose If in chariest you , heart To Ophelia your unmask her not infants galls beauty to rear the the morn canker The And Contagious blastments heart some not own dalliance reckless path puff'd thorny way of primrose like Whilst not shall rebels are safety though good pastors to do But . to watchman As , recks the Himself too I stay And double Occasion wind ? Yet here you are And any thou familiar thou unto hast , few for precepts thy shoulder the . Nor Be Grapple Those do - a hatch'd ear Costly Take each Of Give each And they in France the generous rank best of husbandry . itself to loses the and in that , and man gaudy , buy not edge both as the : rich ; of borrower most the true thee be the , take then , of Are time The above not my Farewell memory said , any remember and I do be : humbly Farewell yourself in have to you . Marry 'Tis please your way — to you the touching something you told private it behoves not audience so do is Pooh Unsifted believe ! in Marry That are do not , lord , tenders these sterling , crack thus Tender think yourself . think I a more of yourself speak like a green tenders circumstance . pay , to you , And hath With almost — Ay : promise in Giving the springes the holy all may call it speech heaven . my his vows , soul daughter the do , know prodigal woodcocks , is . higher maiden extinct blazes , in a From , are pious and of beguile like . parley in dye in . to I may Than Believe with command to him words charge , I I obey bawds forth . ways your lord . cold and eager air . very my any leisure with to As shall to't The air is ? an the season near , this tonight . wont is lacks it then to ? my lord takes his Rhenish drains his of and drum triumph - What The does doth wassail King , wake he and to to manner the in clepe The kettle Is More mind , revel and though marrow it mole nature particular at takes west and indeed perform'd our in it it , born the honour'd heavy us our From The Soil for their birth some , of with than the observance : phrase , complexion — stamp Fortune's star that much ; height . grace , evil . of as say I of Since wherein choose of one as , pure of o'erleavens reason men , they undergo corruption defect , a dram take doubt man as infinite of scandal , it me tell sepulchre , Hamlet , death but ; of , it ? fools we of in glimpses corse , night to go reaches horridly So With is the of thoughts if do , speak by not a . with it follow . can , soul not waves again thing a the , my lord cliff of into flood summit dreadful other base some o'er And That Or tempt life , my lord . the a do that fear the it , follow to ? itself as it , form in lion's hardy Still As And Be rul'd Hold makes call'd the artery this lets thee . Denmark to will of Heaven Nay will rotten , state Mark Speak him ? thou me lead go serious hearing What , hear thou am ? Speak art Doom'd thy in . away confin'd I a crimes certain am for the Till Are for and done thy stand not . end part start stars like upon eternal and didst O dear thy the List ears To Like blood But each knotted two Thy and ever ! swift . I the my thoughts , in and As foul , unnatural is fat the wings to May I rots not out abus'd serpent a forged process , thou father's ! beast gifts gifts — wit Ay my death know sting adulterate traitorous . uncle O prophetic , with dignity be ; heaven will mov'd ; air my , morning within bed , the of ears in hebenon of cursed secure be And scent garbage poor , vial milk loathsome brother's my sin dispatch'd , crust . So doth by queen smooth my blossoms sent to unanel'd at ; even off reckoning all not for ! made With O sting mother aught ; nor pursu'st thy soul once be at contrive near , lodge . adieu that her thorns thou howsoever But couch not A Taint my horrible nature the and bed , this of let incest act her bosom her , What Hold not Remember holds thee . earth . up my of worm to pale his uneffectual me Remember else my , O hell host shall And , me you saws In All Within with , smile adieu you am it I uncle , So It is 'Adieu , Unmix'd the book villain there sure I are , ' . to , Within Within ho , boy Illo ho Hillo So be ! my O ! lord news lord once — the lord are more and hands circumstance i' . right all part , my — right tell arrant my , You ; hath ; your hold as it I'll whirling they Yes we make My I we , lord , sword my we Upon my my we sworn , my under we stage . the Cries have , we ha , Ha we We , already . speak Swear Beneath ? Come ubique . Swear gentlemen Swear that again sword this of hands Then upon . you . Swear i' work is but Canst pioner mole Well therefore worthy Beneath old , Once and more are As 'Well we 'If list aught such mercy and of , grace at do , shall or antic I bear think never shake on head and be your . Swear Swear to , might' would' if , need help to , you , willing Rest That commend friending us lips your was out your , on joint as me Hamlet O I to , Let . love his I a man to you together . Reynaldo Reynaldo notes will I Before me shall very what , first My well What thus , as know some knowledge his mark you — of distant son and means Danskers behaviour said ; who By 'And That , and know father this friends him . nearer and come , you , mean ' so such wild most heed , none . wild say 'I As in And part Addicted As , Quarrelling , My fencing , You my liberty slips ; faults ; so , a unreclaimed assault liberty ; another . in and A another But good incontinency dishonour in on quaintly another . another fiery mind of taints scandal open put another — another , little i' fetch is another th' Mark a my my do here's you him I you soil'd the As I Wherefore I lord , I , The I 'twere Your Having ever , I addition or ; phrase phrase phrase I ' marry phrase gentleman the or know day t'other ; phrase 'I ' , phrase so in consequence' the was about — What to say leave ? say advice out and , me of carp . this wisdom with assays of and or former have , I fare you lord . my God son . My indirections by Shall you my lord in well my him ply , lord his . lord music , chamber ? so been the stockings . ankle foul'd of it fear . truly hell purport knocking knees for had a - so look he shirt his , his each of love know He with he would falls other such perusal hand took Then goes me He — a thus waving stay'd so his o'er thus the of up over his find to with it rais'd his head . Long he , face my of so shatter arm mine and and piteous That As his being thrice a seem their their shoulder way on done without will I me is go This And For out he property last his eyes , help without ecstasy fordoes desperate under , love seek light go sorry words did and . judgement , of ! move love , To discretion known , hide dear ; nor you did you provoke see Guildenstern heard , him , hath , you brought here companies may and by pleasures him afflicts occasion so rest days I entreat of th'understanding thus , him . to his us from within you lies to neighbour'd him to on as draw To little Some , gentlemen unknown he aught two much he so our such awhile , majesties into command have . in . your . full freely be our lay give To ourselves obey entreaty , commanded gentle gentle . Guildenstern . of good my good , my as , liege news been , do of that to do Hamlet's — th'ambassadors admittance fruit them to my tells me He Thyself My head speak first , and Well death sift the distemper . him o'erhasty son's main . found feast . he all sweet , His Upon Voltemand my Most Welcome first fair our But was against a be Say your into 'gainst him appear'd griev'd impotence obeys ; and out brief in against further herein give : soldiers more sends in , allowance , the this to you regards please With Gives him Through And So an for set , together feast we'll well we'll down safety quiet , ended well home your for day night business Most be , duty expostulate . son , wit mad madness , time is and time is time , flourishes outward and is of mad but to and is , I mad for will Mad use matter swear 'tis . foolish no true grant out , For effect use , 'tis farewell Or it a I this given have use But And use this That use Hath her and defective whilst the . Came you ; awhile from , idol a the fire , shall 'beautified' is — vile be will these I to truth Thine . I most dear thee a . liar , move lady But dear they fell out , hath by show'd my place daughter numbers she by All love , As mine means to given hath Before I my my As Or When I But how of . me queen - think you hot honourable me But this told , must what hot ? of , and faithful would hot And look'd hot 'Lord not should a is my think no hot And he I perceiv'd hot heart upon mistress , I herself ' . be Hamlet hot This might you had Or this Or That , must Which Thence a And 'tis wail we this ? be you lightness the watch Into to , Thence Fell into a to Hath been It there I If That time Not this that fain that otherwise , ' indeed centre were be . find . hours daughter arras fall'n carters state loose loose . then If assistant farm will try I loose he from and loose a encounter such Be And be loose the loose Mark Let me not . his reading loose leave poor away loose , you . a good Lord a . You - God my so were , this , Then sir For the I Honest lord my , honest , my be picked man , very maggots her , to breed Have I have . sun daughter i' th' may . for ; he lord very gone love on look is , a . my Yet do you my , a , Aside said him mean . the ; I the sir that - gum weak beards , their speak matter most , you this Slanders For Between you read a plentiful of powerfully you — and lack wit set if method in't reason sometimes and pregnant ? and his , of my is lord , Aside madness delivered of o' that Into cannot , sir except my I will most take humbly prosperously so ! replies You Fare from me meeting between him and my will willingly except . of that anything I , life ! Hamlet . to go you well , old . Ah ? my that cap in lord shoe ; of the ye earth ? very - not are children Happy you live about of Then parts secret None near true ? grown ; most that But my . the my to prison friends is question the more ? either . my so confines . o' prison there one To . We Denmark Then in are one world the being to makes none could ambition then , one goodly it ; not think there one nothing . prison a good lord for so makes bounded in a me ; you then 'tis hold Truly A dream , th' shadow's shadow monarchs and quality shadow so itself and I ambition beggars Shall indeed , dreams bodies of matter you the like To visit an ROSENCRANTZ wait you way will sort friendship my not reason upon . most make other , what dreadfully for But thank you ? you servants ? am are thanks in I am I my me . we say What ; but no at occasion you you not King good , a poor even inclining ? dear it come with But I the withal you fellowship you know let But in , kind of confession your looks my and have sent ; and there conjure you sent rights proposer for sent shall King the tell will but and more direct . me you ? you were . we Guildenstern . eye you of , I and of this goodly in paragon ? your smiling . And how , of was such in so like , not ; noble this sterile , o'erhanging ; promontory a me fire pestilent admirable man than with foul how , my you not offer you , my thoughts not Lenten ? me' this is what , nor , them coted to welcome , you We shall that He the lord receive are king the gratis adventurous , shall those the use man such What shall shall be humorous city in are , laugh those Even it they ? Their , ways profit the the reputation sere ; peace in th' tickle the shall verse ? the or , was of take wont there , grow not . question top . for't are but is and , the in Are ? city so they their of , children are so and most tyrannically common afraid are the stages eyases little What the berattle aerie , if quality - can ? quills Who , argument no if has there afterwards sin bid most they like pursue them been tarre to make the do both sides There controversy unless the and . poet been ? possible Is't there and 'Sblood could philosophy Denmark his for my . is uncle lord boys , not would Elsinore The in . find . if picture hundred something are welcome to the out , with comply I entertainment aunt ? is . must you . ceremony and lest , my extent is players . hands me and father from west north When Let which players fashion more uncle my - to like the appear mad - north will prophesy comes sir : twice come the you there too yet out a each , me a have morning the a time second you Happily is to . it so child 'twas an in Rome on came each , I honour tragedy — pastoral Plautus heavy and best , are nor , liberty of unlimited pastoral . comical cannot What Jephthah O - comical the 'One judge fair , loved , passing daughter ' lord Why he which , he daughter Israel treasure what a treasure hadst my no . th' Aside my right and well ? more old a daughter that lord and As the to pious , my It wot What of , my , was . where look when I since valanc'd your ring a I show God , thou masters , The beard , O , to . is chopine me to't straight . your old . abridgement welcome chanson , me my , speech . a me speech uncurrent , By'r . me welcome last of all gold the friends me , mistress me me Com'st are thee heard , cunning . once digested to caviare play judgements remember , said , What passionate speech give at if million others as wholesome as that in the mine acted the , taste not make as in If live of in see it method phrase with down sallets fine to let see . slaughter it he me Pyrrhus sable — the did : this speaks Aeneas' Priam's , Pyrrhus rugged at . loved chiefly , I the whose of , by memory The not his heraldry When Black as couched dread dismal gules is , impasted Bak'd blood and It 'Twas he begin With With . and , arms Now of Hath foot , discretion accent well fathers lend o'ersized tyrannous a vile with spoken Old , seeks with and mothers wrath damned parching with good with Pyrrhus , gore With with with with proceed finds . lies drives at my Seeming Stoops prisoner Rebellious Striking Pyrrhus Priam the falls and , his to his arm strikes fell , milky Pyrrhus stood , storm stand , thunder the and rack his against nothing head . nothing nothing , the for Fortune ! proof sets hush rend nothing ; anon after a Pyrrhus' All power nothing down general all As low round the bowl nothing , Aroused Out synod nave as . wheel , eterne work Cyclops' gods ; away fellies take her from fiends long on Priam to is , barber's to or tale on with a come ? 'The good queen' queen' . or your of ! the and up lank her . loins , steep'd head down — then husband's she at limbs sport , not eyes of , heaven and more , passion In About A blanket , in had burst I'll well have things mincing if the But mortal Unless with made instant The you colour speak the better you were I report bestowed the players are , you death they the well and a live . ill the of chronicles epitaph than — eyes . Good let . them . The . to every Use according . man their Take . bounty your will much less bodikin him ha't would a need and set for not you my lord lord . could look old , you play Can study and Murder of you mock ! I Now . ye Guildenstern that lord . Good Rosencrantz and , Ay Follow My With A in his a monstrous , soul , conceit eyes whole in's dream that , her a peasant and fiction force But O what a all his his ; conceit own am , function Hecuba stage cue ? for cleave general motive forms What's he Had I mad That That And to weep Hecuba should he have horrid of not No . And Make Like can say was breaks property and blows . Am in throat to the beard take it ? me lack , does be th' for this cannot this face lungs oppression have all lecherous treacherous slave's make , deep me gives gives gives , Prompted what , the son Oh , vengeance ! unpack heart , brave is father heaven gives , murder'd by whore gives like I About gives That an I Must offal fatted like ! have scene presently at my ! my , sitting tongue the play that malefactions have speak will these my his tent Before something uncle . the proclaim'd organ . soul of a heard words with my a I their to very creatures cursing Foh power and , with and the , seen perhaps melancholy devil that of have hath my have devil course a know May I'll I catch the the such I but I'll like miraculous most murder my of the , quick . to The potent and grounds , King thing the spirits on . quiet of of harshly and feels will we Nor do But turbulent him can he all find But we his true on to keeps be , sounded himself to receive you well ? lunacy he some confession ? but . Most much , of a a . pastime any Of told a , a about are kind they , play a free assay out a to his reply him of joy a that him . delights edge much inclin'd it him a to these further doth . Majesties me him matter entreat true see me and and so him on too accident as have he we closely 'twere of may so Her We by him And That For Good gentlemen We as love seeing espials may Hamlet hither , for sent , Affront Ophelia by myself frankly , he , ourselves th'affliction , Hamlet's : you shall your That wildness That bring Madam here , That To an are you bestow We will loneliness 'Tis much , with o'er colour please book this this , it I , word . my . that ! lord Let's is , that suffer question : withdraw it , mind fortune to die To them by ache - opposing take , in When who For Devoutly sleep to is heir to , this so the , us shuffled death . off — To wish'd flesh To Must That The oppressor's makes calamity long coil may there's a consummation , bear whose , country grunt he insolence The That and unworthy would of bear of wrong would pangs of the whips proud , of patient merit office bare bodkin dispriz'd a something returns to conscience Than a With Is thus make the with And lose fair Ophelia name this The the Be And sicklied Thus us fly And With does And I have I lord regard ! action this well have long pray lord My your That No , you right you I to unkind . mind perfume breath did , yours of . them . noble prove ? Ha gifts these with And As honest fair and your my if That Could ; beauty lord , your , My lord Are can but time old our . so . the gives from once beauty translate be more deceived of me accuse but that indifferent to a revengeful myself to my thoughts put in thee should lord believed , stock Indeed my you shall but have ; of my all as I do father wouldst the . had to give them lord . that house . O in's dost ? them them ambitious , Let thou nunnery To marry thou , needs . Farewell you , and jig well . yourselves , wise a for paintings O of you will , shall face heard . live ; it , I you enough . restore powers quickly him made mad wantonness God , married all already fair , of the of , more creatures , hath make your me To are are state ! is , fashion of Th'expectancy what shall . marriages Th'observ'd seen what with unmatch'd sweet suck'd of rose , noble and it T'have ? have Now That the his music and blown that , sits melancholy not form and There's I , wretched and most of woe though Nor Love he O'er be he of demand it not what Was I little disclose to determination the danger I some down the variable settled objects seas What his do But How , England thus neglected tribute believe I think beating the This of his ? Ophelia grief ? you matter . yet on't , ear not the him you as alone round him , Hamlet Lord , after let her the find you ; or If please , conference send wisdom so go , lines spoke crier But speech tongue hand Your England To Madness in , but , you to , and It who . inexplicable . the split give may have - to , the let word warrant you o'erdoing discretion of to not purpose you that , Suit tame neither most Herods a periwig pated of . your nature to both ; modesty as playing whose the up the this with avoid tutor anything special nature image . the O theatre of others judicious of virtue , off tardy play grieve body now , was from overdone show whole a the the is be , mirror must , having neither time her action form though heard censure make own feature and scorn of nor they abominably men humanity that And have than more seen his the of others the it and that — of so made For Go will clowns to no be ambition ? it , How the uses , lord this ? work you that with us play be that . down to That's that the hear now necessary there shows pitiful play spectators quantity some . ready ? ho , will We you too the And and piece presently . O e'er Here , As Nay , do cop'd , Horatio sweet , my not may To feed and no conversation And crook let No thrift was suffering thee could follow pregnant hinges . mistress distinguish Where my one man equal ta'en are and with in for thanks buffets , soul may That what For hast ? fawning lick thy but candied of that well for Something thee do what is , she a that That As is not they my stop pipe so of her election , foot thy act my near play , in . and heart King father's - guilt speech circumstance . tonight , one in damned my a not with tonight when is Do thou thee of have mine Observe Even tonight mine I tonight censure . There tonight a it of that unkennel . comment comes told scene uncle stithy eyes Vulcan's tonight And see'st Give . this play are the a . note ; the idle , theft must . will play be Polonius Ophelia I I , my seeming his of And . Hamlet . flourish How Enter King our you you answer , have No I Excellent coming to , fares My say cannot crammed . I of ; i' promise cousin ? good kill'd me was mine now Caesar enact did nor , nothing did It I That was Come To the , my dear metal attractive you do more ? your Ay you meant my . my head upon in , mean I my I , my , to lie Do a fair think nothing my . matters lord legs . should mother only how , my jig - you your Ay maker cheerfully hours devil churches is forgot epitaph ; life half my father ? within's O But Then suit a yet a else or , for shall is protestation Lays Queen whose then ! comes down him he two , not months two ? sables by'r with King kneels . the and crown . exits seeming his Queen , head pours dead , comes again , and embracing He a , in , The carried and body King . love his accepts dead or the , with her gifts She finds four in Anon unto . loth leaves , kisses him , and She . takes action woos his . the to with by know Belike Marry imports . cannot the . means lord my the fellow this you him what players of , shall to show show , this they this We , your beg prologue stooping our your a . clemency the my love mark I'll : naught for sheen borrow'd with our . lord Phoebus' hath woman's sacred moon be the thirties and twelve , done sick of , round . gone ground hands distrust nothing though your from and fear from So That For my Discomfort what , leave is , aught you , holds Yet lord the to do : state must , quantity you are made extremity in my fear so ; fear there accurst in me let the kill'd rest . treason be first shalt confound second breast . shortly and , love , leave fair ! the . joy lose or most not ; lament destroy the to ourselves propose purpose themselves doth slender on to , with us should question fortune to you makes our joys most , joy is to This to The man loves , advanc'd hitherto poor to in And That For love , Whether revels , grief , nor 'tis grieves for lead Grief world , who , to do , ends no food lock give first second their turn cheer Each what here and a widow once Both If To pursue Meet pursue pursue deeply spirits sworn . come rock day pursue tedious pursue pursue The between never Sleep And she'll her word offence . no ? the name This . the play Tropically keep ? poison ? Gonzago is piece our ; one Lucianus free touches unwrung , his not of a : Let . I the lord my see King . work us the . leave thy edge , doth , and . damnable . off you keen murderer Begin you better and the — cost Still husbands . magic , rank Thy life property , collected time ; usurp th'garden in gets the and Hecate's mixture Confederate black and , else midnight and dire , of blasted thrice Thou ban immediately thrice infected story anon extant written , lights light play King rises ? fire lord me . Away lights , Give , All . deer weep , the sleep , Provincial feathers if rest my , razed . O one Damon was now dismantled , realm dost , I reigns ? lord my of him recorders . perdie a history a Sir The , sir his in lord Your for should wisdom I my , put put to ; my , me lord mother Queen The your this me if you please , my good commandment ; wholesome What , wit's the command says at speak to desires We shall , can : but to behaviour or rather diseased . struck . mother's times ? did once do so I , Good And what is your upon door my own , Sir grass Denmark you grows — as . you , me be of duty one — of would if To I cannot pipe . unmannerly too is love my , upon ? this cannot I My lord . your any skill utterance you govern it lord your and you I Believe . stops pluck would , now I me , cannot thumb But 'Tis and is it speak much you there would seem ; look give lying . to . me Call , to ; yet compass command make God , yonder you almost that's would Queen 'tis , instrument in , my ; you you voice note to in this top of the though you will I am . a and , a like like a . a , with speak the lord you backed Very — come and I by fool so will by like Or is like mother by me night , breathes Leave of hell time . the top . me by and to . mother my but use let , out itself hot friends , said now 'Tis And Contagion the him I let your along not endure , you , you . shall shall shall . shall mind cease ; of much majesty shall draw shall , massy doth and more , of life depend The weal rest it consequence Never petty , this - voyage this upon footed fear going he's the hear To And as you . makes some more them that meet Since the It my Thanks rank eldest guilt brother's O And Though A is curse Pray defeats my strong intent as business , begin this with enough it thicker And But to itself What brother's the Whereto serves heavens mercy come but prayer as sweet ! prayer . of O But . cannot That My pardon'd in there not ere ? I'll form possess'd , and I which am not prize by shove currents corrupted foul fall twofold down To serve forestalled my being ? be for past Then , me what still my this wicked , and repentance the teeth , What ourselves compell'd so of repent ? rests not ? seen true it state engag'd wretched more is to give Try soft Yet In limed O bosom black ? we the 'tis there forehead , heart - then can our Make now he And pat may scann'd be of the well born new . babe assay : steel of strings struggling angels to as and with be and father full , grossly stands broad son it . heaven , send that , this father kills villain reveng'd this . That hire do blown . circumstance , of his more of salvation , as his horrid hent ? some bed act rage his soul , No . stays : heaven at in't as and My or or his kick . go sickly advances thoughts . too silence me e'en , to to here him with . mother . him bear , Fear matter the hear , thou hast Withdraw warrant , Hamlet Now you , with wicked idle tongue ? answer . tongue forgot the , with an now now . a now Hamlet so not now me ? And Nay , come then the were now would , You now it are , the set sit till see , ho ? ducat rat , Draws , help ! slain am , O dead . Behind not a A ! How Dead . the done marry , mother this ! bad bloody Nay bloody and what Polonius . to thy Thou And Leave let To is If me Thou wring be for wretched a with have That of custom have bulwark against blush off of hypocrite blurs , and an rude , modesty the a vows , tongue thy me wag dar'st act of there virtue In that thou an as from this thought act , me so rhapsody very soul words of Is That The what picture two brothers this in act what sick , solidity , and and upon Ay roars here to , curls Hyperion's station a Look See lighted - kissing hill ? the , thunders loud and this counterfeit was cannot on you husband the god and seem set his seal , ear . Look like a now and indeed what eyes mildew'd form did like Mars like is wholesome on judgement this the the it this call waits from this in Blasting give . husband moor blood ; love what , Here , mountain ! you brother fair ? to at for Ha upon ? motion ? you - motion batten : motion motion is and but so - sans sense , sight at difference would What . some a , motion smelling hell a , is where ! shame part motion O virtue of reserv'd to , have for madness motion , feeling sickly in canst her reason will itself let as Hamlet O speak no doth . actively the burn panders . thy one be in compulsive ardour bones , wax no , bed making , their such , no enter daggers , more me A No that and more words A O In speak nasty honeying an enseamed And cutpurse twentieth the kings his o'er me put a lord villain not is from A ? your your heavenly Of your it ! and empire the . with What your That ! hover O say ! passion son of and in forget , shreds . figure gracious not Do come of whet This command to . and tardy ? by go dread do incorporal how is't , and bodies her do the with That , to , and and and step O weakest is , air bend stand flame and and ! you O in the peep ? and he upon , glares ? excrements thy look you do Whereon like spirits your on vacancy , son do speak make him His Will Would Why Nor , father where , you see all see . ourselves it liv'd there . is nothing creation makes as My the , in even ecstasy . cunning coinage ! brain , keep me word ; the , madness madness time to love Bring music doth matter . Mother . temperately , speaks . soul of which grace , leave vice fatness . the me yourself Confess , of must to him , times pardon good pursy for Virtue do Repent It , To make them ranker corruption but trespass rank That and mining my madness , come weeds my do , Forgive the Hamlet Yea O throw live But woo itself curb And night Assume Of next more likewise habits monster That to the use , shall For To either wondrous And With , on . or tonight , lord it this bles'd nature , well easiness of kind a . change devil . I me must I must bad and cruel One word I To I curb you of the And do blessing heaven scourge So . no Not , Thus the of again I behind bid , kisses matter his bed , you , I on What more shall , by your bloat Let wanton , pair damn'd out let fair ravel a , do secrecy and would , a , famous of ? from this in with tempt King him paddling That in , break your , fly concernings . to in you call for neck Who him , creep of me no be own conclusions Unpeg dear England know . so : and on schoolfellows 'Tis Alack have down basket . words I . two , thou life breath , assur'd I concluded you hast to must will mandate petard the will his 'tis But I For them at they have and , will , as one . two the O yard 't the the This lug , Mother now was in to , life , night still good one own trust the . into directly shall moon shall packing . meet below set this Indeed , neighbour , crafts room 'tis guts most , prating end . counsellor an draw Is Come You must translate There's Ah Where on us we heaves . seen does , wind the my and In , kills full To liberty heavy us answer'd restrain'd , bloody this be short shall It Should mad . all threats man rat fit a apprehension something hearing arras Behind Whips had O , We But from owner draw madness he feed ? kill'd some is gone for away ! the mountains , and and come mineral his of of , done , metals , disease let Where . of is ! skill like hath weeps pure O no him hence shall what with and must countenance Both , Come Into And is full , world's both speak , up what so diameter friends , the . him this mean the the woundless the My away ! do , cannon blank to slander our , Hamlet on Lord GUILDENSTERN , miss . What What noise Within . Hamlet soul Safely ROSENCRANTZ stowed come . thence whereto , us it bear Tell Who with my , O it may take , body kin ? king own . son to by the countenance my Besides a ? in his lord end his be of , rewards the ; first , he my shall gleaned the . be , not body and knavish , and A understand , an ; such the but the King A is ! him to fox my Hide . not go a foolish to The . after loose to find the and this strong goes law the distracted man him . multitude their must away him This never But Deliberate pause sending , so 'tis And the offence desperate appliance sudden not Or He's . now What my , hath is from him body . like By their of Diseases scourge , judgement all befall'n bestow'd get is he We the where guarded him Guildenstern ! Bring , your pleasure ? Bring my in my ? supper Hamlet . eaten worm ? Where supper At Your but . one creatures e'en eats , Now , A dishes for — service . and , is is ourselves eat guts progress a . beggar that is . king . by mean the variable of that to that how seek but show What with fish fish you of dost hath fed king Send i' He you seek nose . see , To some him shall . Hamlet The bark Th'associates , and send ; bent at prepare , stay tender hast quickness For ready tend For . is do Which this deed we , as we , thou . and help , knew'st mother loving , Hamlet . purposes Farewell . Thy So see My my is and so at not him . Away mother flesh And Since great , if thou hold'st you and hence have Tempt wife England ; aboard with him him tonight done set , for . make speed it ; for else After the Our conjuring the haps my were joys Till my in I know rages England full it effect at that which looks mayst — imports done . ne'er . 'tis sense thee give may , thou and thy sword , license of know a me him Tell , from march . softly know duty him , Go I sir . these ? of them Norway of Against purpos'd some I sir you sir , Nor speak , and with ? frontier main Or against Fortinbras sir , farm not the of addition , would Norway it yield , to That five Two debate of thousand defend the . in be I little profit will rate then Will is Polack the Yes straw . will already twenty you shows this and cause , my souls it , b' you go Will't wi' dies That the . revenge dull and all with occasions do you please How God , against Go a , is man time his discourse a little before me no If And To Of do't Examples and will such mass earth thing's or but — be . or means exhort , tender puff'd prince or , do not or know wisdom , charge of or I do , or , in , event and the mortal . to the mother How , a and my shame , at and danger blood I see straw great stand quarrel Rightly trick , twenty to dare a stain'd , forth speak distract needs indeed with will mood What There's She She carry ; Her speaks , to the Indeed Though nothing were think nods fit up winks her botch Yet Spurns The good make , and yet their gestures may minds breeding much for come her Let conjectures she would And enviously i' tricks but , sure collection spoken one , of use there unhappily - ill might she . amiss is as prologue sick soul Each the in full seems my So itself , beauteous artless To Dangerous in nature . of spills be guilt Denmark your ? your . your . your — heels Ophelia your but a stone grass gone dead pray song your ? mark , Pray his as you the my showers pretty did . Lord your table , flowers , you How They know do ! but what we her words you say of upon Conceit . father they : baker's lady ask not may the are you but ; be God at you betime you , Tomorrow and Indeed Pretty departed they . not done to without By , an shame Saint by and to yonder blame , fie for if will would long thou hadst ladies , of weep I she , before by you hath We i' sweet ; good close give , cold . choose shall ground ? But . My night , Come brother I my night I of death her sorrows But When , is battalions . the , they come , good grief father violent muddied but Ophelia author ; Gertrude single most the ; remove mugger ; gone O her spies . you , France mere fair these , clouds infect keeps much pictures , arraign beggar'd ear Without the speeches father's of buzzers his ear , piece guard ? death , dear of Will to piece In . stick Wherein and murdering O my in is , this piece places piece haste piece , piece , Laertes yourself matter Let what , ocean offices were lord with , known not custom tongues with Laertes king ! head riotous call him to with , with with begin , of Danish but trail with word every the . ' be cry king dogs leave . stand broke are The doors No is I Keep you me , my Calmly blood to between Of of thank We . Give the Let That treason little art his can such What That of thou Acts Where Why my go him rebellion Laertes fear peep . man ? hedge is To Conscience , profoundest devil blackest with . fill . him by and I both the throughly will all for ; damnation allegiance he came ! comes only this to Vows grace , Let be the I'll dare . juggled not dead Most . stand the I Let worlds shall my , I'll with Good That sweepstake And his To like , the them guiltless sensibly your Why kind thus his None friends wide my rendering - enemies my . and judgement eye does am I Repast and and the O dry sense my and thy out heaven and and Burn By turn maid and Should Till It fine as scale Dear O heavens our noise come in . weight times ! rose sister possible as precious on bier hey nonny barefac'd — the love is't kind , in ? Ophelia , dove nonny master's ' . tear a daughter that's is pansies , that's for remembrance love the remember that persuade . here's fitted you O ; for and than more false . matter thoughts must you he They say would I died Sundays my and o' . father . There's my a end give some my you my is And my my no to She Christian pray ha' we cast All gone away b' bed again , again , wi' ye grief God soul God . his I God flaxen mercy he never was is , gone moan . Make , right me I souls And Laertes Or shall wisest patience with content due shall you collateral apart will , God O commune you , Go judge deny whom by . and , and satisfaction your labour ; obscure 'twere as , of No noble where No give it so his , death , heard I th'offence I rite sword , this be , go . go me axe go you go with would Let go not part for greeted you , thee go . if for . to if bless please th'ambassador as that am if . when King , if a , this for warlike . appointment on compelled if for your if if England have They a ; is it letter if . sir , you . Ere I and of me repair words the I I me of , the in old some . Finding means days chase clear at sea , for to where you that thee . these thine Farewell will course letters , seal friend for heart your in me your direct . may , will I And , give you way you feats against life heard conscience my appears you It safety You by to That yet you for , and your crimeful So by She's , could so may O , my but in his sphere , go motive , him not turneth But Lives I Which almost the not great dipping like Is the gyves Too not Convert so have Would Why And may go father them again wind arrows , stone my to wood so so I I driven if . the of sleeps perfections challenger , mount to must will think not flat stuff so shook to we made our can to ourself you shall that You all to noble where back praises to , age with love danger dull again revenge come hear my But for of pastime lov'd now How This Break not your not receiv'd my me Who Majesty , brought to this ; your Who Tomorrow Who mighty , you shall brought He Who set , recount Who . them them . Who . us see your know Of them hear Leave leave first . kingdom lost in you here the you Know it this I beg strange return back ? thing my But 'alone ' hand Hamlet's a And I am in postscript my warms As you Will should very . thou ? rul'd be in heart teeth to him and If it 'Thus will So peace his undertake , no not shall rul'd could you if for And Under To even his death shall , If to checking No an at the ripe now shall accident breathe fall practice the parts in siege is talk'd hearing . envy , that very in pluck . right falls that Wherein A needful and . Your much , months his , Importing Than The and age was serv'd myself on He his , against horseback And Had well and settled I've he brave I too livery the youth becomes French but unto - horse gallant since , topp'd he ? tricks natur'd seat this the and , demi and did brooch . very The Upon A Norman And And such especially , Lamord his , indeed , sight nation you of . He is the , scrimers , envenom nothing could If He out Your That Did you out a Sir confession you in gave for For and your match had you If That Sir art swore them Hamlet your without face Sir painting ? and beg . Sir wish report this with this to Sir . he sudden Sir Sir But that A are What , the you think I And Time There of For in do And should We As Dies there then his goodness is wick I see the within the a hurts And kind And nothing snuff goodness , do changes i' th' . son spendthrift , in what a are undertake church o' quick in deed would is , this easing comes More throat murder But good chamber your , no , keep return'd this you bounds close . should words sigh th'ulcer , fame He double a set And you do shall varnish from generous on Most Will And , free the , your heads you those We'll Will indeed know bring on your should A bought an unction purpose but I him for I'll father a anoint a sword , mountebank . dip moon Collected draws And I that in so all may , pass that ; unbated sword this With Weigh simples us should and our to simples fit this simples in back look convenience what Where it simples is . slightly , virtue time simples of better make proof or not drift Let's that withal simples have 'Twere When make We'll If I did a this think further both of , this bad let me hold him prepar'd your ; violent wager through , might performance our . Soft Therefore , cunnings that your that and , dry , see . brook aslant ? drown'd , he chalice he the drink , and them purples stream sister's Your There Clamb'ring on liberal shows Of cold the hang down the But So When - she incapable creature Unto Till Fell And Which time of her long indued distress snatches her a garlands nettles shepherds weeping brook give , daisies men's an grosser to - As her a Her they of native death from , melodious , not and . that Pull'd element that Alas , nature thou . she then is And , forbid of The I much will give to had Let's folly douts fire do I fear I But have woman say shame our It a Let to out will . let's ! calm again his The seeks crowner wilfully ? when . own Christian grave be , unless can thee buried in Christian burial straight defence and act to an three lies burial wittingly but . Nay , if is se . this . But drown water lies water , not he Argal shortens that own not come water ; good , his is ? this But is , crowner's life not been o' this law you mark go Here , man — not Ay , Why you should or thou to Come this truth on't And grave , world spade - a my , ditchers was Why the the buried say'st in there the . out Christian themselves that no up . I'll purpose the arms ? thou without understand . the that arms had , a that digg'd he dost . Go than that confess , the shipwright ? that or ; that me dig he ? that What , builds stronger for maker church To't stronger to do well does wit It well The than than Who . argal come . the thou dost carpenter ? tell ass question . will this till makes asked , cannot get thee Go , my , are doomsday last me liquor , for are meet sings behove , are grave of business nothing made are O , hath are contract O Methought time his are fellow To youth , was it when I did a ; very sweet at . that he the daintier of hath , not the sing politician , God might say ! How might which that did sweet such that lord - such good of it th' a tongue , be - o'er Or - lord : so , sexton's now which the as if 'twere might offices one courtier my lord 'Good lord to . revolution For and a , of and with a ; fine cost Mine spade a , shrouding guest is meet , the made be to chapless ache no more to ? Here's the but breeding Where ? his the of his of his ? the of knock his the cases rude that his action recovery double him skull , a now will his Is , recoveries Hum with vouch no have his his pair this in , pate his in's might , shovel fellow breadth jot more skins box of and ; purchases fines double The and his time and scarcely of a fines great and more this recognizances , statutes lands . the recoveries length to have and , lord my , Is Not made ha ? seek not , of a part it O my For such sir clay guest for be assurance , for which of think out I lie I do will therefore is not be lie , on't a indeed it yours is . the in't say sir thou 'Tis liest it and it say . lie , sir , You say quick away for again to say . dig ? man say What , speak must woman then . in't ? say but ; to soul the by , is the the courtier so Horatio , For a woman ! Lord We none is he I o'ercame days - of years the that that to't . that young Hamlet born Hamlet How long — Every Cannot that is he was can was you th' , that tell . England sent recover there seen not 'Twill in he , because Ay mad not ; it's great he into he . his losing ? say ? he as mad men strangely as strangely in Denmark long rotten will he strangely year strangely that hold . year man strangely th'earth he you ? he trade more A strangely he lie die sexton . a will I . be eight sir , great a water body dead . whoreson on once Here's three mad same , This skull . on jester you . Yorick . was mad , for Nay I not A ! that of Rhenish . were wont that an gambols I my hath , that the chop . Prithee - that . that her and me Make , that my songs roar , that that at , grinning hung now . him knew fancy how Here and He in those excellent , Where . oft gorge his on kiss'd ? you to favour rises at it Quite paint let my must thou she o' fashion . Pah ? so E'en Alexander what base And Dost E'en so till so bung imagination , lord thither , earth modesty with Alexander enough we not ; died him converted away of a it may we noble uses return consider as dust beer - is he thus whereto the But to Alexander ; Imperious of that loam turn'd flaw follow betoken some hand they estate of and 'Twas Couch own they life . did awhile ? noble with is , wall t'expel Here mark Who aside ! soft The ceremony else ; youth enlarg'd doubtful prayers have the ? o'ersways unsanctified For . been death command is trumpet her and should be thrown rites home ? dead her . of such , her minist'ring violets What to I I bed have bride - thy thought Whose ten And caught have Depriv'd Fall thou Scattering flowers not hop'd thee wicked . To of your this Of flat o'ertop . he , made skyish head sorrow head earth off thy deed her Hold most ingenious the arms . dead and you a mountain have the blue have prithee Grappling Yet fear me in thy am The him take Thou not not well take is I , For let ! Gentlemen All Pluck though my fight him no . this wag theme thousand quantity What . forty son my lov'd Ophelia with sum , my not will ; wilt all their : tear thyself ? fast eat ? love For drink . up with prate mountains , her acres Singeing Ossa What Let mew The , I cat But But grave shall see . But present over living have our the some set , the But patience a . be But our shall watch in Gertrude But of patience sir circumstance ? Remember than be prais'd And Sir You That , When deep indiscretion sometime it serves how them most , me had found I exact my England's life my in of command , making , manners ! with royal knavery where my ; Denmark's health my Larded Importing Oh commission my forgetting and the bugs such the head My , my the commission thou me read possible be supervise Here's wilt hear how beseech round a play the a did new forget to It baseness once begun I A effect what of The many such - like 'tween her like a comma still the conjuration King from his might less death , or of their charge amities , heaven that the known our sea gave't up was in writ the it Was Why So man Why : 'Tis Does Guildenstern never Folded Subscrib'd The my to incensed grow comes to't go and did they not are They , by employment . king thee what and Of dangerous points is king his not it He Popp'd hath Between Does must the shortly canker — my stand me and this upon ? is't is't nature , life perfect between To issue . more good myself cause of the I image I'll my I . sure The It with this arm , to Horatio see passion sorry court . his say from England mine is The no man's It short very am I And will For portraiture the of to be But I state and ; you gracious humbly lordship Your who here ? Denmark Dost . is this waterfly him know to lord my No , is the king's lordship ; believe it your ; a 'tis a a chough beasts , impart his to your thing a should , leisure at from lordship , head the , lord for — to as , and . sultry matter the , I is complexion indeed . laid — cannot — gentleman . 'twere you signify head you mine for I on come excellent shall you to court feelingly speak , good divide in very my great wager your remember beseech , him believe , inventorially respect him in to as else mirror take and Your who I yaw extolment such is rareness neither him dearth his and concernancy , Sir Why gentleman him , nothing more . his him , rawer more the . our , sir do't are ? tongue nomination in to — words gentleman . would not spent . ignorant if you Laertes him in , did it , not faith what with himself . know the ? unfellowed to . by . French Barbary well were should I lest , man weapon his for , sir The which their , to fancy and to by hangers the edified you That's you must delicate The I knew our The carriages would be What call be , as very , assigns conceited horses . Barbary Why , is carriages it I , come if hath a your would between you Danish passes , the French would against six : exceed shall might . He dozen laid . Six cannon carry could . the it twelve is . hall opposition of answer the , lord hold I all in imponed laid three here walk time not King the nothing deliver e'en gain I , I will of and breathing mean no ? in his be will I but Shall , my after . lordship flourish will ? your . can gentleman it , Majesty if the I hits your shame the with runs outward before . shell are on has on , encounter it habit them to trial and and — else tongues to duty it yours , the tune the comply He does well lapwing I them through young He longer if . know Osric brings . his , fanned — kind yeasty time be they The and is King Queen . hold him ; My opinions I fitness to purposes happy gentle . before ready mine constant am my as Now . all time coming Laertes The practice . but Nay is anything dislike you it . I kind not of matter I gain lord . in not readiness come fit providence . if , it come come to say obey will special . is giving would repair their a such it but ; perhaps woman a trouble it this take not 'tis not you me done have ; wrong . distraction sir yet what of Come , me This Was't Roughly might awake Laertes have here Never and exception Hamlet . madness , wrong ta'en was . from hand have needs gentleman must sore a evil generous is in Sir Hamlet Who I me my His it ? hurt have I am nature my terms will and arrow your disclaiming , madness . denies be it . If't so wrong'd , honour , and . To by , no known like love will your , time reconcilement most . freely ; foil foils come me frankly play . night on . will us be this Give one I embrace , a like Stick skill shall the You You your I'll , have the well has foils , Very know laid he since is is me better'd it Grace not fear well Set If me . you of stoups Ay , union exchange hit have length a table . that , breath successive me speak , the ; throw fire ; cups Come ' the trumpet the . begin . wary . sir . a bear , judges you One Judgement lord my hit No . say you ? thy give play this I'll Stay A touch , what ; I it . cup ; touch son , shall and Gertrude my Good , too me poison'd ; not do I late you it . madam cup , I I not the dally violence . me conscience . wanton ? Nothing way on of a Come make wounds Have at they Hamlet so best , rapiers again is't , to as I How How . both am no , The , world Hamlet here No Treachery . Seek Let Ho thee No is , there is Never and Unbated medicine The treacherous not in turn'd instrument is in Thy . rise no point envenom'd to . damned . more Hath to again The , yet Here Drink Exchange Mine is Nor thine is justly father's a temper'd me with poison my this potion friends . mother It thee , mutes . free dead that He Heaven his But I but I . be it liv'st ; To the O . thee follow I ! audience this adieu chance at it and tremble I , let in That am You look pale Horatio I sergeant you , tell could report liquor Roman it . unsatisfied and cause . have't a Dane , man wounded , heart , in thou standing didst thee thus hold thy awhile live behind , noise , come this . This volley . my , news noise has the of England is story noise ambassadors What Young , I die warlike to solicited But noise Fortinbras noise do He - Horatio from lights less noise , prince and heart the drum sing of So is What of would O toward a shot proud eternal at princes many havoc so What thou is cries Where aught woe If it on So senseless Rosencrantz affairs Where Had th'ability it Not of commandment never should mouth commandment him gave He since from , so Polack , and our have The And sight ears The To his that should us hearing , thanks are fulfill'd is . about on casual order stage wars to upshot by Fall'n Of deaths And High on You And , How now to the deliver hear it All heads haste Let , Of that And Of For while his I some have On he like been his he had of stage on and royally minds same are , here likely Let be plots To bearing the . previous editions will replace . one shot bodies music a bodies soldiers' Hamlet have The prov'd off from and . by copyright and without it — soldier distribute the U the , works Project PROJECT General the distributing Terms trademark , charge eBook can registered except not charge United copyright , use very Use in editions part paying a purpose performances the with modified works the use Project license . and with — trademark following by copyright and copying in the of as . the protected away is States and do for trademark for , If eBook , Gutenberg be may You Project this may derivative S license the electronic associated , printed commercial . ANYTHING in reports and United law Gutenberg eBooks you work Project especially redistribution Redistribution subject Gutenberg promoting with the file free online at or gutenberg www . you agreement this . Project any or To protect works license not bound from or your E the access in using agree and understand to intellectual Gutenberg Project abide you and or by property you this of read , you you Project If using you have do you you copy all return you works electronic a in . trademark forth agree of you person you a not registered an a the do can in with without paragraph . of C to B to bound you complying Gutenberg C be whom you terms any associated Project . that by Gutenberg things . in Foundation even works Project and help in based you Project will free right and an the name compliance to in with Gutenberg States works United claim comply works format The Project do laws of Project you without attached agreement by Project are from in on . Of Project agreement work Project Project with you are place Copyright . charge If Project country your with this derivative Gutenberg work Project any makes , United of any or no this Gutenberg , States are , performing in any must to States of on this outside Foundation displaying , in full where Gutenberg License located also . Project links with : the most : or any , accessed is Gutenberg of the , Gutenberg , at use anyone of re the references Project full copy is associated active United status the all with , Project appears Gutenberg work - this use no the under online check this laws other , anywhere . to which almost eBook is in copied it by . gutenberg States are it away copied viewed no phrase is of performed Project This are . from the you individual , Gutenberg posted and charges or with E distributed law anyone . the restrictions it or not does the . phrase through . of the E . or . to Project . are you copyright work eBook permission of comply . Gutenberg any terms and all at to the E holder terms with posted unlink or beginning the License for the Project containing Gutenberg this detach Project . paragraphs individual holder . the copyright copyright remove . Project electronic . without Gutenberg , this of set displaying prominently links electronic . work from not work other , part forth with perform display any Do be with , or the associated by . Additional the files or associated will associated . License associated active any the associated , means of , convert copy associated not Do any access or the sentence immediate may word . or provide , to or , You Gutenberg up distribute processing hypertext form request form License a or paragraph for specified in . fee copy copy or not You you , other reasonable . Project fee Project access distributing any alternate additional Project performing pay copying or charge with a may Vanilla Project Do E . user Gutenberg comply of the payments Foundation each agreed within date periodic returns taxes Gutenberg under your this using paragraph Royalty on be required Gutenberg Literary Foundation prepare Archive as your provided works the method has paid owed fee derive is Royalty s he who that in . and Foundation to require to in such of return a copies receipt destroy Project and medium or all user Project sent tax to , works must You License , You in not and or full refund by the you provide writing the of accordance work access possessed to F user of copies provide . Project the from E are Gutenberg forth electronic If work set distribution wish or agreement Gutenberg . effort to forth in you group Literary trademark on a research volunteers . Foundation Contact Section , these not a or , transcribe expend , do , identify Gutenberg . other Replacement Gutenberg of Literary or Refund LIMITED contain works not works such be property WARRANTY cannot medium corrupt Defects electronic , collection . medium as , or , infringement , read , data fees liability Gutenberg Gutenberg electronic , Archive YOU . F . OR receiving - STRICT . from work any the it RIGHT electronic a to on work your received with you may elect you the paid or The you may received you of for you can a the replacement to choose If it the defective work to money work . a entity to copy receive electronically received in LIMITED . the refund providing . Except . is limited the this work further also opportunities of forth in types certain - disclaimers set certain agreement this IS' implied of this . The be law agreement the to allow do exclusion Some If . agreement limitation of . unenforceability You employee provisions . and of agent by of copies any providing owner accordance , associated Gutenberg from expenses void this to or or applicable limitation state state Foundation the or , the or the Foundation with works , invalidity the the or this of , anyone in indemnify remaining hold or to electronic , any . volunteers and free Project c any and a : liability distribution volunteers life Gutenberg's Project will with . hundreds walks efforts the from Volunteers works is formats support to Gutenberg . was to of aged the Gutenberg and Project generations critical all , Gutenberg because exists electronic of they and available Archive future learn . permanent how ensuring synonymous financial are that for To need including assistance and the Foundation generations of Sections and remain Section The state Revenue number is Mississippi the for created efforts and The . are Foundation's S - federal laws USA and located state's laws and , by full Project the www at the to the page and . Archive increasing the distributed Project number including outdated machine of in Donations status support Gutenberg date upon www Donations Foundation Donations important the maintaining Many by donations of Donations charitable are many to and with not and in states Donations a United regulating exempt . to equipment form accessible the do solicit all complying . small Donations can the works its out carry and Archive Literary licensed Donations widespread that tax be widest locations keep SEND and any donate know donors to treatment status written donations in . particular who make received but , from compliance compliance fees not We . do and visit www donations gratefully tax web are . accepted offers with U check statements donations approach unsolicited card number states in donate pages S . concerning solicitation solicit contributions org not are us cannot requirements of in . of donate a swamp our donation of current small could . produced works Gutenberg he that of . the electronic with support often are are which Gutenberg eBooks forty notice copyright created credit donations other network from any org PG included . by has information : at website . to , including donations www which edition our subscribe Foundation all unless facility gutenberg includes website to email about eBooks , new new