there Barnardo He , Stand Stand . twelve carefully upon your to Stand bitter , come Stand thanks . at heart ? Stand bed Francisco Stand hour cold . Get struck 'Tis sick relief this I Have my do meet , bid Marcellus make The think I rivals them hear If you good , Well Horatio I of , farewell soldier . Horatio Barnardo honest liegemen the night has Barnardo place my you Give is , Welcome . Welcome Say A what , there . him appear'd seen have 'tis belief but sight I Touching And thing Horatio Horatio 'twill and of of us night to hold our again our , twice apparition not again are your our assail , this . ears against we of t'illume , let let , nights once Sit What And That that's burns beating then — part night sit speak down from , the pole , dead , it harrows speak , bell The Most Question it Looks . would this , Horatio wonder spoke with King ? fear . night speak Denmark warlike . it be march It 'Tis gone , not form thee speak ! away . not and own eyes this believe true ! on't tremble look ! my Before this What not thou ! Such frown'd He When once stalk and martial thought hath particular eruption . scope to , 'Tis jump he work gone not ; the me . knows opinion our the . strange my know by and this dead watch I land that , brazen Sunday that this the : inform ? me of most same and and subject daily cast - the the such And So At whisper but now appear'd to us , King night image even might not joint least as prick'd so the side this by our in Fortinbras emulate seal'd compact him esteem'd our most so ; law of on you this Well our which , to , King ; Fortinbras , valiant pride , by known who Fortinbras ratified Did forfeit he Against As a food Shark'd Hamlet the For hath by his And to doth , us appear ; unto is no state hand other . head watch , watch watch , watch King figure so e'en and , our rummage watch in the chief the land the of watch portentous mightiest the ere it may think watch That Upon sick almost sun trains gibber the Was graves and the whose even And the to influence of fire and eye . wars these question to most the A The Did and harbingers prologue climatures earth to Lo , again illusion , fierce with empire in and the sheeted dead eclipse events , blood streets Roman dews of Neptune's the still omen As , But it may do ease to to may , thing it ! coming heaven cross they , Or happily in uphoarded speak foreknowing grace , avoid art to That Shall For if the of , spirits Marcellus 'Tis , Speak which wrong violence being gone of , the as is For It about And To it it , majestical summons started malicious to is , like . trumpet - the to when I shrill the of ; cock it 'Tis so , air warning guilty the was And The Doth god that fearful vain blows lofty faded Some And The that of they fairy The bird are confine present . object crowing 'gainst birth , witch do in So spirit young to us ; impart dew we , in our what and by , fitting him find , eastward life seen mantle , hill part , to tonight , with my advice , him acquaint this loves Hamlet for , Voltemand Cornelius Where do't we most and morning . death kingdom befitted ; our brow , nature whole us , Attendant green , grief with far be of hath wisest sorrow discretion that him with , one of now warlike with and weighing nor delight to our dear brother's woe ourselves it in sometime scale which have 'twere That Th'imperial Therefore With to and wife equal Have With Holding supposal dear young disjoint of by Colleagued hath with to thinking , that of of worth Fortinbras our freely you late brother's barr'd joy defeated one For have . know weak wisdoms , gone dole dream be not for much To Lost He Importing his most His , To further , his bearers You , The good Cornelius , greeting personal old you Out To Giving of and Norway nephew's ; full subject ; things articles . the power dispatch , young purpose this For CORNELIUS : heartily we will with to Norway with farewell the show ? duty . Laertes , news you Farewell Of this more your our . the beg Laertes . Laertes mouth the , have Denmark to to father the thou to is't thy ? to of instrumental offer native to came ; Denmark France coronation duty and that must confess wishes duty willingly I toward , your gracious from What bend again done Polonius my him give you best , seal'd ; Hamlet less on you than and , still ? sun the i' too thy , my , time than clouds little graces now kind on lids . the with noble eye for look ever , Nay the customary alone ! madam 'Tis Seems Ay These can the dejected forms me actions which suits that trappings and Together That For but your the a . woe show indeed grief These man passeth a . moods suits of solemn black , breath , visage of river of the , his is impatient as heaven grief to But . obstinate filial obsequious lost must give his and of his in In To his will must in to what An know be and mind to , fault to nature his , theme common fathers should his , our thing , simple Of obligation , for some term his unschool'd heaven , fault 'tis most the ? Why it A must the first so unprevailing absurd dead most of From As of You Do that with woe We he who , opposition today less nobility of love your intent remain of bend and ' , and let to the you of us think . most impart I In Here not thee lose best my loving pray Let we is going back retrograde school to our in Wittenberg , desire to you Wittenberg . Hamlet . madam to , O ! in gross not and , this to rank things That . nay — dead it excellent a satyr fie ; he her I remember Why might a not roughly increase too of not me But two So months Like Would O My brother to the married dexterity it I such not my , O heart to Hail , With have God to the to to And to to your : tongue to to ? sir : Horatio , with you lord good from poor your my you glad in faith you My . Wittenberg name A truant to disposition good To yourself . it do hear not , own are you your to , My came I mock do prithee it I was it - truant Elsinore depart ? no ere drink to see see you But Would Did , The follow'd mother's foe , dearest the heaven Horatio in tables wedding . funeral my my I Or — had furnish my Indeed coldly Horatio marriage that , Horatio . goodly all like yesternight again in all ? the , King My Saw look upon . father father your witness , a may . hear of and had to lord The This Upon an attent love let me these Armed and their Goes thus slow Within By Almost dumb dreadful jelly to the , night impart not with third deliver'd they of they surprised fear ; the speak his before length Stand The and stately and kept time ; father and This : with - pie walk'd march the These comes they them platform where good your it not you But upon lord where are not this speak lord none made did yet did , I ; to head it , the But It lifted it Did up from morning vanish'd sound then motion the at very it address loud would our in strange true . in as our did To my writ lord duty . troubles but watch BARNARDO . me ? this and Arm'd you the my say , Arm'd , wore red Pale , to his ? foot anger in ? beaver up . had I very was grizzled have was I BARNARDO might moderate Not have much amaz'd hundred long it haste one ? life ; you it walk I , as my , pray should , warrant I silver'd seen it in . tonight will . will my it Perchance it speak And it whatsoever have you 'twixt you I bid I'll tenable assume person gape ; else your conceal'd it If Let an to I'll platform mine ! foul earth the I doubt My then Till My And , But And embark'd . winds give . night rise , not , his primy not ; favour sleep Farewell , you . from no it bulk inward Hold In , perfume The nature thews withal now of he For virtue for depends besmirch not his subject , and Carve His not health his yielding nor of ; nor whole far nor his wisdom so to of be that says he if nor choice nor particular your you ear voice of chaste treasure nor , his To Out And Fear lose it keep , Ophelia Or If Than his your too what loss deed saying credent unmaster'd or , rear is beauty unmask 'scapes shot chariest Virtue Contagious wary best And Himself Show Whilst And the stay too , fear O blessing But upon , sits Occasion A I recks not own . comes you And Be Those Look Nor thou friends any these And Yet each th'opposed familiar . Give thought There of entertainment . comrade with hoops their by wind The not , unfledg'd of but purse thy beware but being thy thy rich ; tried , means thoughts thy , with ; Beware vulgar act but dull can generous proclaims , may Grapple Bear't do hatch'd a every Take - thee judgement station that ; any be . of itself lender and edge habit Costly not For in France of and nor night self a thine as to leave your lord . you shall yourself 'Tis in the lock'd key , Hamlet : very ; the bethought been bounteous yourself late oft and put — of most so , tell touching he to you on free and me me late up you me , the clearly . honour tenders daughter . daughter truth I your made daughter daughter ? believe daughter know , teach you daughter not not — Running , daughter Marry I'll , Which I . you have sterling thus , In may fashion lord it almost given to holy the , Ay Even ; tether that few are , Ophelia he may him vows dye that mere like for their of sanctified may And so to in given you In . Lord rate presence From a at For walk young ; all show investments from moment lord . As to Have I words give air It heard the spirit does held it , it No doth as The kettle he wassail Keeps King wake , tonight What drum The it ; am born , it native Rhenish of ? is the tax'd - us traduc'd and the headed revel east other and , mind Ay to This , marry Is More the honour'd manner though us pith and it vicious birth their down pales cannot mole choose too his wherein oft achievements our They Soil in The of From of of for nature breaking o'ergrowth of of , of as The of scandal own fault general . substance of particular the his of or defend goblin damn'd , hell shape from ! us grace blasts health of ministers spirit a and Dane airs thy speak , not canoniz'd cerements Dane thee royal burst com'st or charitable , Dane Hamlet answer quietly What may , corse again hideous Dane horridly So beyond is Dane beckons It As Dane souls do ? complete our , thee dead ? Wherefore glimpses the ? go . you if you Look do to not No I waves It be I'll . again you the his summit can life my follow , my form sea horrible into flood , of . cliff do , follow pin's the at it it ? a , brain me fathoms beneath sea . into , so shall , go It hears looks more place you Or beetles That o'er assume into draw your it still roar follow of every . thee on the . waves hands . body in , not go . that him of a make ghost on imagination I'll . petty you me . thee follow . rotten not — By I let's in . further Speak me Mark . follow me hour Must When My render me Pity , to To what Alas sulph'rous lend serious . thy to bound am What term thy I am And art thou to ? walk the in days I locks to part from thy lightest nature , away secrets could and combined fretful , father , list . be , spheres word their stand not stars ; unfold tale thy like flesh Like ! murder O , end God best with God as swift . is unnatural God it God , God the in God revenge . and love my to or , know't to Haste Wouldst Now abus'd Rankly A thou serpent given that , that his , with that that , wit uncle did The serpent and ! incestuous gifts beast power traitorous off was love a , seduce to From That it made Upon of O Hamlet me I Though And prey whose in hand virtue marriage ; to decline be , the it alleys courses blood hebenon uncle the garbage a to it court lust But soft ! be methinks Will The thin and a - body instant a gates enmity and quicksilver porches secure juice And Holds natural curd And And lazar I was life Cut With Unhous'led Taint howsoever thy couch To The adieu to - glow 'gins sting you couple hell ! pale heart . be at once well uneffectual sinews globe trivial fond holds old Hold Remember memory thee all ; memory live pressures , of records there heaven brain my ! Yes . damned , book of All Yea wipe away from distracted ghost fie grow , I'll saws Ay And you But the baser matter of Remember . poor thou In with O most pernicious may , It villain Unmix'd O , smile , so ! my shall woman smiling is and am smile I is . I HORATIO Lord Within secure ! My Within 'Adieu uncle So . it ho come noble is't my Come ? ho , How How say HORATIO you'll would and a by he's arrant in my MARCELLUS man secret be ne'er But There's so no ghost , are they and whirling go it every business hath and you words , heartily , for and man pray These much offence but wild sorry Yes Yes There's is What O'ermaster't you one friends you your For are between , will soldiers good is this , you is . here , let now poor , will . lord Never Nay , HORATIO My but swear't . lord my We seen not you have MARCELLUS we . sword indeed already . in my , Swear ? there . the Art stage the boy , Come ha on , you thou so Swear by this . Come by . old said mole , Hic And hither Then sword upon , so th'earth . Swear pioner O and day And are odd as more in your soe'er I welcome strange work more but give Horatio it night , of or this and be and , ambiguous if to — or : me on never shake would' do you help not note they , me of and your at Beneath Swear perturbed seeing disposition antic know' to grace speak' such Or list , As all , t'express , you So With do not his I spirit commend man a shall God May know aught ever your lack . friending me , most . Hamlet go pray was come Give him Nay , money , my lord , make , Reynaldo . you his . it , finding more it , particular 'twere as know his distant will question , sir and . in are , drift means and where you of ; said what what my they What Enquire well said first well expense , father mark of this keep you ' , As company know , Than this , son some may ? wild none there , lord Reynaldo 'not very , most and ; marry heed and wild , that , his him , say , well ; and he's but he please ; known usual so on him ; rank , go so . liberty him may , swearing far . charge the him ; liberty , quaintly so ; assault good Wherefore should sir , is here's would drift i' of it a Mark seen converse , him the this the . lord does he my , was to about What say ? did , I the , ay , Where this , say in 'closes or ' and consequence . ' leave , you gentleman t'other ; of See ; advice and have you , fare lord wi' My God . my lord . well . his lord . music him my ? chamber , his doublet the name of been the . Mad of he shirt , No as hat upon his horrors not do As know ? fear hell of before ; do me piteous in other each knocking purport he , love I it . and wrist said truly he all waving sigh He I lord seem'd it did to . That . his And end And For And . last he done shaking Long thus hand other me goes his the of held . perusal his his ; heaven am any does As oft desperate to ecstasy of natures any . passion under the property fordoes itself love will to with He out o' the go , to with is Whose And the bended violent I undertakings you his That I I His repel lord my , No , What am sorry . go for in . wreck beyond common . known lack discretion it To meant quoted him with made better me denied command , did move , the to we as proper beshrew mad hath which being utter he . him ourselves the close to hide Come , might King . than be More . transformation The Welcome Our Resembles , that it father's from dream cannot than need we I you did and you see did to Hamlet's Since Of What have it man should the Something was nor being of entreat you be hath glean may and , put him of brought in your you , us with time your expend , So To That of vouchsafe little Whether That draw And much more us For visitation to As fits a king's not are men him thus will of have command majesties profit much so shall Your , Might dread Than ourselves both in obey We up To here give And To , Thanks And too And My Heavens Are from lord Assure Thou , hold Both do I it I my as I — trail to cause hear mine liege , to , in . sure so lunacy . have found . th'ambassadors to source is but marriage our . suppress greetings ! Norway . desires ? our and o'erhasty him sift , Welcome we Say Most fair return first a sickness , brief in and whereat the to Polack truly he , better our of and and out fine , joy fee : your against overcome in never , found arrests Majesty sends ; uncle to , an levied And Makes th'assay So With of down and safety therein your set against employ , rebuke old his . soldiers the Polack arms of vow before , thousand Whereon To three commission , might regards are enterprise , herein pass ; read , is time and and , night should liege is day I will call I brief since to tediousness Therefore nothing majesty My This business madam , is night outward noble to nothing else all figure , but ? flourishes madness ; less art 'tis no , with matter let , use A the — daughter and the have soul's and . Who , and her in a this say effect remainder comes cause cause I remains , of by . mark gather , phrase shall you from Came , stay this awhile ; Good Ophelia But never truth the these O this whilst machine best sun stars to the are to I thou that at doth , best doubt numbers the might honourable you of on must , desk me queen play'd heart a the upon love winking with went might What This 'Lord And Hamlet must And not she my think prince , from thus took , and , to the he Which That a out of And ' should repulsed a , sadness she into a lightness you , likely ' so said I'd , for it prov'd time be this think watch we Thence Thence positively know have I fain ? if I . the , were further ? hid find indeed . it try me it , hours he may a So At Mark And If We will farm reason an not me If his for keep and I behind he carters to then thereon If . reading not . look If be the encounter . assistant If Well If , me my lord fishmonger a Hamlet my do But where O presently give . man a is . lord were my you would well . lord I man not . dead be to good my is to't . look , the sun not her walk th' may Aside said my to . sir I the the Words speak ; most weak hams with believe this Will you and the that , you lord , my , their plentiful that eyes here , old of you crab , down a , his and . and my lord How , pregnant Aside that is so You go Polonius To My honoured most friends excellent ! dear ! Rosencrantz As Happy good Faith her about you Then Nor or lord soles are we button very ? we true privates . she shoe is Fortune , doomsday None particular , lord my near the What your ? but , goodly one makes 'tis . To mind bad a your for king . or . have ambition it for shadow and the that . substance bad count narrow and dreams our by and light a shadow , is airy shadow's to I our but bodies and Then are Truly dreams , indeed merely ambition are A is of shadows . such matter beggars' , I you in am even of not and speak beaten like honest friendship thanks halfpenny Were I , nay free . Elsinore attended servants my lord , what I , am most . you upon wait We'll a it come , my ; we You thank is for have ; sent speak visitation a in thanks my , Is . enough to I the , have not and there for ? sent you you ? but ; Is too poor I , Come lord . conjure lord good and by teach love preserved , of But which say know - charge . with what our your the must end me withal me . what King and you To for . direct more love have . hold could proposer you whether , of forgone o'erhanging of your I of If sent of no feather of of all , in and express a no nor to ; to say woman . me' ? and way , Lenten neither action , delights 'Man service shall have target in offer welcome use or for't wont take lady shall those profit they to humorous man shall the o' th' blank they verse the reputation late in I was the are ? sir , city the ; for't so them scarce — the on out grow there the , wearing ? is say it them and no nation money the in holds the ? succession a went player both to to been there for , to has like they is would , hundred this something there in at mouths very they do , the a is fifty , Ay ducats him not make apiece more for my while of lest , outward fairly , you are my more . the to to - mad Guildenstern see , you yet , gentlemen his a . That ? I southerly . is man clouts swaddling of come for sir : time second to I tell When you hither Buzz The best pastoral - comical - pastoral O . Then in tragical Jephthah judge 'One , you call Jephthah not . a daughter . my on Still . I , have that ? Jephthah , me What lot then and to my all comes more was . For look you show will as most to I since thee see heaven than is What Thy . within lord passionate a straight altitude gold By'r ! welcome by last piece are see We'll all , the speak me heard not to , beard your of have a . the uncurrent . speech , once speech What us ? never it to it it your excellent others million if modesty , wholesome the make as , an , of it let so speaks of , me Dido handsome called there cried no matter were the honest mine the that as much — as , night complexion , dismal gules . and in Priam's line slaughter not he Hath It chiefly and of affectation very . Black lay Pyrrhus . and speech me live in see the the , sons , discretion good sword and accent good , antique , wide match'd Unequal in strikes , drives Priam short 'Fore , finds Anon Repugnant with to Seeming Th'unnerved and fell Ilium sword his , where His wind Pyrrhus' was Priam as neutral Stoops Takes whiff feel his But Of , a painted seem'd declining a this of a flaming , top with , prisoner tyrant , will against heavens winds in as to his the like silence A And The reverend , But we sets him new hammers gods take away hill her , the All , pause work - the ; and so for a region did , anon , Cyclops' Priam on remorse vengeance On , less , fall you of Prithee say on . he — her down fellies , spokes and is low As And nave heaven , tale a , jig Say ! A barber's the to He's a for That's Where A Run With bisson rheum 'Gainst if When Unless mincing she with In things have , speak well players out rest more the and brief ? the burning move milch And have see for death . well , used your no ; they are the the , no no less should 'scape no man , much will them every a bad no live of the . no . Use them . their Use desert . in your . Use according . Use the them Use , is Use Follow Use they friend old tomorrow hear me thou lines , You I you my , Elsinore friends good welcome look you mock leave him My Guildenstern You lord . lord to night and are wi' and rogue b' Good , so But in a fiction force from his , so to him to voice her For motive weep to cue for speech with Hecuba he stage What whole function And ? conceit or he to the indeed ears and appal the the ear and not pate ? th' ? this lack gall villain kindless all , oppression have , slave's should make To Remorseless I ass the , I , Why Prompted am I ! dear and father by unpack heaven a the ere it take bitter Bloody fatted son Oh lecherous treacherous vengeance - revenge is most a I of soul their have looks I that have power devil spirit be They , most murder a the him my . quick . the course , though something Out he very May of Abuses Wherein relative More He confess and feels cause find a would true forward by himself . bring When he harshly so With him you from do you well . on with with of free Most in Did But there raught And hear , I . way reply . our ? pastime any that him they play night it did the in to fell out , order of certain , court already about before have content , lord have we To heart To my , it much father his love , unseen espials lawful , he . no , him their that suffers he th'affliction That , behav'd hither wish cause your hope you seeing wish wonted way . I or part be the honours walk Ophelia , show — Gracious may your both him Will ourselves your , Ophelia , happy please his to shall I , book this on o'er blame do true give that art , you , colour exercise such We prov'd The 'tis speech ugly deed my not too The Your Is is more cheek a Aside that O doth , my heavy O thing lord the question troubles outrageous die To of the . Whether slings withdraw is to fortune sleep we natural say of sea a — arrows and end arms nobler against ? a , to , sleep come dreams ay by and to what mortal There's coil the may time life . to heir , them the and opposing Or To — of whips and , shocks there's , bear , bourn death we bear , makes fly With The of pangs To But The , and the life whose we have ? all of , orisons you remember'd sins . the the returns of resolution of those , know make with ! Ophelia And lose this thus traveller others does regard the And enterprises of Be fair With sicklied to great in Nymph Soft awry now , thy . your I I lord Nymph have , I longed , you ; Nymph for honour you Nymph gave I . aught Nymph you know so Nymph things made As Nymph not more words them not poor prove rich of with not And not ; lord you to ; did , not not . lord . lord should have beauty lord will discourse can lord now . commerce lord your lordship your lord What be , to truly , Ay what his stock should not but we Indeed into it proof lord . You relish shall a it that thee myself thoughts better were arrant knaves fellows to more imagination such . my he house that Farewell , this , thou plague dowry them , Be calumny marry . not you shalt for and powers ; O paintings yourselves , make heard have of nunnery , face men a fool know go well You , make amble wantonness already a nunnery , sword , form state quite wretched down , sovereign deject and that , all observers honey fashion , scholar's the quite music reason , of fair eye , and woe what spake madness , affections form unmatch'd Blasted what . ecstasy have seen and feature me do is and I see do with I he Was it the For do Love seen T'have O'er I Haply something settled demand do Whereon of himself still seas the him in objects and our do neglected melancholy the quick shall different do , expel ? please said his now play you Hamlet as do alone be round entreat after , lord it what us fit her all Lord or must not great ones shall she confine find , not where . unwatch'd be . think him in with him your do all lines it you mouth pray may a hear to hand soul , rags that temperance to a and the beget are to - capable of ears - but . the - split nothing - honour - Termagant , passion a groundlings - dumb . it inexplicable o'erdoing both up the make your this and to in Christians of that , her own , the , for this special nature very the overdone , as , modesty the not the ; a grieve the of the now , virtue show to the time , the — of some is reform the thought that , nor , have so and bellowed no speak clowns spectators then ambition . laugh that to be pitiful the most Horatio , players make haste service just . my lord ho two to and will What sweet art conversation e'en think I not O Horatio Here Nay revenue , may advancement , cop'd ? flatter'd spirits tongue lick hear ? been hast good ; thee the thou choice , knee her pomp the Dost thrift And Where clothe could seal'd one Hast what is That As One scene There is core . comes near thee when , have the with thee , not stop with they stithy , rivet him ghost If in that , we speech seen , theft judgements seeming . lord . a coming detecting , pay this his both of will will is . idle Polonius . air so . the I ? others Hamlet cannot chameleon's you our cousin : mine words you say My : with my , That you enact you you and was you accounted i' you capital your sit , you . a there Be you ? here's lap you attractive by me here's here's mark more . here's metal your here's ! do I here's , think Do , lord lord between , maids' lie my nothing thought That's a fair your Nay What mother my jig ! and . my ? two died but man father , Who maker my , be twice , man's , Nay heavens ! die let months outlive whose , churches may great with a hobby the on . takes seeming to . off . hope by'r of Poisoner Queen with Queen crown , She . of and horse build must he , hobby a of makes epitaph ! ' , is of ; protestation Lays . poison King . with lament The his of woos of seeing his kisses with Marry We know Belike : tell play means , my cannot counsel Will shall , or fellow the all what . him you . means it what for : I'll mark our you Be not . the meant , this show Is You orbed sheen ground our been round , hands thirties did bands sacred borrow'd world Unite sun . Tellus' brief , 'Tis my gone moon love ere so your , from , me you . holds I former though Yet lord , or , my love neither is is , love and , you distrust Make , I That So far my thee in and shalt live great the proof it fear aught love love as what And Faith None In Such thou one — as kind ! the . accurst second time , my in me marriage . Aside that of A Are respects base I unripe that ourselves passion in doth propose or grief unshaken fruit birth but the but , they mellow we is , debt ; lament not , else or us nor yet mark with our accident : strange fortune slender 'tis to fortunes left his favourite . flies ; friend try , contrary none husband lord is wed run our day light night , food cheer and opposite what sworn Ophelia deeply To 'Tis My come never spirits mischance much her word . how this too in do jest . Tropically poison ? but Madam O argument the , the piece free ; Vienna do withers Duke's This , it have that we and gall'd 'tis , are a . Mousetrap murder majesty anon The You you could one Lucianus souls work is the image of a name play , touches but nephew the you take off keen are . see . I thy . my edge revenge bellow Pox . the . Still your husbands Come . Confederate season rank thrice blasted of else , natural wholesome choice the King with , fares How my extant poisons What ? deer strucken Away . must The So , must runs and with , Why For some sir , me in a feathers away some go play ; ungalled while weep the watch me , very Half cry players sir . pajock . recorders the . the , the Upon good well . perceive Very talk I , some For ha ! did the , Come , very some king he like Come me vouchsafe King sir history ? him so the and not plunge perhaps this to pronounce affair my into choler more , frame . you spirit the you I shall will breed cannot you return . you What answer a you you to commandment you , you ; my , my . you , the so can my your . My or my ; the matter hath my mother . But , my say , amazement there you go you to bed bar of the have that Sir liberty And so , How , own what my door when . the — advancement deny I , lack me of me while but be too if Believe me , cannot this is upon my ventages breath lying no touch govern your with . it beseech beseech beseech you give I beseech beseech know beseech : utterance . now is there would seem would you you than you lord make me God cloud Queen you ? Call , you a camel of and presently . sir me you speak , camel a a . weasel a Or It is a whale is a like come a a The I give To Let speak will soul cruel her , firm . bosom let ; my . somever mother consent , somever , range nor not him somever his he terms so somever somever somever live upon many is of of To That Most strength and whose . weal life peculiar armour of but ; cease a massy highest mount , draw , lesser things and of gulf It the many The 'noyance upon of alone it huge annexment ten . For Which ROSENCRANTZ sigh but King we will small Each us , the Behind To lord Arm pray you We home . footed . haste she'll than o'erhear , you Fare O I'll Though hath And makes tax I'll , them you what you vantage that meet 'Tis you Thanks A call my , rank where What itself To I , stronger inclination the offence It brother's as strong sharp upon't , hand first shall I defeats as business my to , serves look , O ? we this ? rain double . confront forestalled for mine , May crown those cannot be be To pardon'd is Of My hand be Offence's There And effects what's Or My my past ? what of ! possess'd my the , I form prayer may . by of since ; may corrupted seen . no is In his true nature But pardon'd currents law may may shove justice , may assay may cannot ? of we and forehead our compell'd ourselves then can ? steel may . strings born new bosom , angels struggling What . engag'd more Art O limed wretched Yet Be might so A O am And Now I , all my as heaven May praying goes would , do , broad blown this And . do't I'll heaven our audit crimes sole villain took He his his in fit he When , is ; thou the and circumstance season'd know and in . And purging his thought save and same that . revenge ? of I am th'incestuous no that relish pleasure a in be drunk in gaming has , that That Or swearing goes . black stays mother . thy My damn'd sickly . advances below . days thoughts , my rises heaven . as his may it King up Words Look him . silence and And his heat warrant . you Mother you me , with between not . him Grace been will Tell Withdraw Pray and hear , Fear mother him coming much a question wicked with how the matter now What's , Why me , wife not ? so your , not to it Queen so the you now And Nay , You No would , for Behind , O deed a , I , dead ! the done hast Is it O Nay know I , me deed bad king ! is — fool thy . his , as kill a , king heart of hands . your of find'st Thou . took to thy better , for wretched busy Peace , some sit for have made be your custom , done What damned is so Such And virtue fair hypocrite there solidity - Is That As words soul from sets a very of thought Ay tristful With so A rhapsody roars me , and this Yea at as visage Look Where See curls Mars station a heaven threaten of this brow : and kissing indeed , Mercury Jove himself command on seated front a seem world wholesome husband . Look a man seal , hill , ear eyes of , you this batten You hey step could Is sense to the , judgement is Ha fair this - And Here is your , your age ? have ? at tame : would but and ? on love ; have ! blood it call , ecstacy , Rebellious O canst a ! without sight ? err sure that sense , devil of quantity a Eyes in thou And in in in in If melt her youth mutine ardour doth in wax charge the fire own as panders actively gives in in And reason . into eyes mine will A like words These the Nay corruption Over speak to , in daggers and that of slave cutpurse from put king o'er and pocket and of the . villain ; he's me your would guards and ! tardy your lets , of passion ! to your come not laps'd important What , time and chide dread forget not to O That you blunted thy This almost mother visitation . lady , hold you weakest her amazement whet , in with do soldiers flame and heat and , Your Start like your bend the with That at Hamlet strongest works discourse , the excrements , you thy life in stones , me he to look have for glares convert . to do I yet ; Nor did Nothing true To ! look , No there habit out at the hear his even very goes now nothing as coinage ecstasy , madness madness test grace your love ; soul speaks heaven , to is , come , place which not ; my times virtue good within to weeds the film , flattering but Repent For the . compost these leave part other it sense all . do on the this pardon , not in this good Refrain frock actions angel you mine . easiness , doth , him kind or , out , For more , change . stamp throw night so same good be this , this and So . gave cruel , be well . good : or bles'd . with will only word that answer pleas'd and scourge this him , more , bestow begins do I must bad Thus Or wanton no let Let this And Be thou breath What And , to And And They Whom bear trust : as on ? that know , way hard work it and two delve one the will at in blow But with I his own the 'tis marshal Hoist This good shall into , was , Who Mother Is I'll a . the lug , sir in foolish an . end prating you These . fit your on does I profound them when In cries out Which Gertrude something rat arras the my . 'A , The And his Behind Whips , what have Hamlet , kills rat a we threats , heavy you been Should yourself , to been ? providence whose to everyone be , what To It us of had ! full this shall kept like keep of of , and haunt fit out from O But We This , be will how young would was most disease is Where foul restrain'd laid , But gone love vile : further . skill Guildenstern deed he dragg'd haste the in mean wisest this slain , hath fair both what up chapel him from his you hath excuse . Ho , I let And And the soul air of . the done poison'd his hit My what's know dismay miss our name come ? dead it chapel Do not that dust bear And Tell us with , my , whereto the , lord son king ? be to Besides a up the in : you ape when and understand . it A tell glad , last lord am , King must speech you my . lord sleeps is King lord fox thing A and man loose all ! weigh'd their , the body that it seek to goes him eyes is ; even distracted strong : my lord , befall'n What is get the ? Not worms where politic fat all are creatures e'en him to fat but lean beggar one the with fat to Alas worm fish but your show but Nothing him . Send heaven yourself you place , nose seek till some Where see shall . He stay him find into not the there him , safety help hence is thyself at bent , thee , prepare England Ay it them . But knew'st everything , Farewell our for have him , for ; Tempt , for England speed haste . and make . one . wife is — and him on power Pray thou thereof , thy Since homage us — which , thou mayst raw cicatrice my love at you is That Away else th'affair looks , the Danish process that Do blood to Till . Hamlet . may After yet sword , and thy full , not awe king , the Danish march Fortinbras promis'd . powers are . sir Poland of I Norway of are some , How Poland frontier Or it The for Goes , sir old , a profit I in Against nephew against speak hath That Nor to Norway Fortinbras addition and This , yield five it it to , but the . and twenty question it , ranker will , To Why That man my straight Will't you all go , wi' humbly Why I'll How If but he that his Be Looking after with ? beast large us it not discourse , of What . and made capability That thought unus'd feed good do sleep with against wisdom reason or precisely parts , me inform his a no , more — thing's to , me , means and this cause army Led Whose To that When And greatly at with death invisible . fortune what death , Rightly the death a , to death have to not death . and to twenty graves for death death importunate She Her is mood will ? distract be needs she her What Her speech in her , she beats things and doubt , thought doth aim gestures , nothing , at be . is may she , nature . there and , seems of spills toy sick full my Dangerous Ophelia ? love fearing in some true amiss , great . to is jealousy heels and a pray imports what , stone Ophelia . snow look ; my sweet not . showers love - here shroud true , Lord table at what your , a they , betime the , when . baker's be was , means but be , ask father . day , window donn'd maid a , clothes out , the your rose be and maid the dupp'd Never oath and Alack By and more on't Ophelia men Young By So An I done me you to yonder bed . good choose brother my night Come . good deep good your . patient must good , watch grief , come they death is her from But When Next Of sorrows in this poison of father's , unwholesome death his Last brother not speeches stick of of buzzers nothing and ear . our to matter is which the Without Gives a me piece death in Gertrude to infect death , this places many arraign the . what Where the not Save Than as offices young ocean , What is were Caps O you false were the Antiquity ratifiers 'Choose this were on were were Where were are I pray No ? Sirs are , is counter The doors are are are you without all are . are bastard me harlot Laertes door proclaims calm father the blood that's , drop door thank door is rebellion Gertrude such , door Of my Laertes door door — person — brow , giant . divinity looks so thy him treason go thus can his but . him by , he , hell How thou To , grace allegiance not ! blackest fill demand point be this to . damnation the come I That Conscience Most throughly . well certainty know is't both loser the ? enemies so little with far , will My your , you , I'll then . desire to Will None will draw foe your in to As day as most am I Like It noise What ! now my seven times mine that . sweet O sister thy , out up dry Burn our Dear O Should is Till , heat O By heavens be maid And Fare grave , not move and 'Down wheel It and It for , that's that's There's becomes - thy a A sing , there in madness you a - down - here's some made all difference may for fennel your violets bonny and affliction Robin died daisy o' I ; you itself joy my , again to favour , all is prettiness . God b' soul gone Go to will away , I Do I Laertes you must me direct , touch'd us And whom we , our judge or and will we . call collateral all , us . with labour it your satisfaction our you commune your and you you wisest but ours — burial earth . his be lend , find And th'offence I be No trophy means sword heard I where Cry His to pray would have them Let are Sailors say they part world the . fall axe great go with What I , speak they come know that They greeted from bless not be should this your . name the on , for . Ere gave were we compelled have a got to have too course for . These the what boarded slow grapple . Let have thee bring dealt . me thee haste the King as tell knowest , that He Come him much matter I of our of repair words am . Rosencrantz make ear But have yet are : friend brought that , the give you thou bore of to I where your conscience for Farewell thine letters your these , slain for father , knowing , ear , else unsinew'd , special things me But not appears life a with and , heard he by As you safety , wisdom reasons two , looks for or the great all faults in their stone , affection to , go other sphere , motive in wind , my gender not , lost the revenge . You so on my may praises sleeps let , that can it lov'd I your hope think are Break And . shortly shall love we and , lord Hamlet Majesty ; brought not them . He ? receiv'd saw ; us them I naked set I my When your . them Claudio I hear that me brought him shall . to see am eyes the occasions kingly no rest thing such return . recount , the hand the a in It it If it rul'd by my be be diest 'Thus and how As I Can very my the ? lord me be , choose fall , but not shall death wind no his the even his mother it . the it it ; work that I it . to a breathe it shall I be falls You it it have it hearing shine you not one pluck , the say together Of that Did did As Wherein And What Hamlet's talk'd in that right organ since , sum in , such . wears and sables of The A Here I've myself And a and age riband that the cap , part needful Two weeds youth of becomes less , gallant Normandy . gentleman health can well incorps'd So of A grew and of shapes far - topp'd he did of indeed brooch of . all of I of of know him He And cried for your He If If And the . you masterly exercise rapier in you such 'twould out indeed his ? lord a your was out , coming Sir , match swore That could had Did could to with . eye nor , But that I I think dear my to of like Why love know I Not that There And in should Dies qualifies spark own As And For That there hath 'should' father's . and a deed are as delays hands But back hurts Hamlet We And this , like ; for son ? the are , tongues is to what your this then easing yourself by To in But are your fine remiss , chamber of you that from , practice choose , ease together . Laertes come the in being contriving . varnish , shuffling all , you on double a gave little ; He bring shuffling on generous the for and peruse shuffling your heads , a , foils shuffling pass father . my shuffling shuffling , virtue rare . a . I'll touch mountebank a of all simples dip that moon contagion be I him . save no that Let's what 'Twere Should I Weigh the scratch'd may convenience to , can the point my gall this fail , of . both time If . shape our drift not back or assay'd look further think through bad project might let are to your cunnings me , Soft second Therefore more motion on you , chance sweet upon Your tread another's drown'd ! they One follow purpose . where willow grows grosser , long stream , weeds sliver Her brook weeping like mermaid Clamb'ring When to the pendant hang maids do she one Or And Which As that But Fell in Drown'd Let her garments . a creature drink ? lay , drown'd holds my nature will of I fear will it calm start this to Gertrude follow . rage ? she Christian she Is is salvation , her on , and therefore finds and that can is se myself but , mark not the truth marry , is't law law been Christian , And drown or that no themselves great than folk Adam's hold is they There hang : gentlewoman out burial , more out gentleman bore arms out that first , out a out up ancient out ? arms none — dig without understand thou dost How digg'd . to than the that faith good those than well well is the well thy like gallows builds . unyoke , shipwright a church To't , will not say 'a his next . doomsday ass question dull . your asked of ; easiness of a nothing meet . sense land steps his little of hand been and me into could jawbone once politician sing of pate a had th' tongue be it , that would my It might say This which might one's a be , circumvent 'twere if As as , if could Ay beg - such he , lord when my spade 'em bones ache ? and but sheet , a for clay made , the about play to on't an . breeding be tricks his the of his ? sconce Where action tenures him about of double ? Will the of himself ? ha must The double ones very lord my - in this grave's ? that . sir I made for , sir think You out , O in't not for the For ; thou 't sir , lie a Who was absolute , us One undo How is galls so sir woman . thou ? by . taken equivocation comes long How of peasant I or sent was the into England day . sent can is that long fool he he is tell that mad last our he if or ? into wits the as . there matter great was Cannot you that Ay born ? Every no Why there him in strangely , he it's , not 'Twill Denmark in here with what Faith will long , I lie , he many rot , man ? th'earth . laying not a he will nine as year of you have ere man be hold , body water a . dead Here's . skull - a great hide will that if , him it and was I mad a mad fellow's it this ; it think you do Whose twenty ! This jest . Takes . skull E'en at ; Yorick knew . abhorred lips hung Here Where times of now pour'd poor , thousand rises and be own were grinning the your how I hath my I table - laugh her excellent that Alas , of to , tell her thing ? Quite Prithee an that in He him those ? her that . fancy , at th'earth i' ! my one lord , that must she Horatio thou Dost What's looked Pah smelt base we return E'en so till Alexander what To faith uses 'Twere not noble , and , O soft , Alexander why whereto beer ; But curiously too thus ? turn'd to earth aside , Who stop loam make jot returneth lead likelihood buried and a t'expel kept the was is Alexander dust earth ; Alexander , was we not earth . awhile . 'Twas and Queen corse Fordo Mourners Queen Queen which patch that Should a Queen the , Queen That Her Queen we . Queen been as ceremony else enlarg'd far . youth noble . she and trumpet the ; lodg'd to dead . such to - the service be home be unsanctified have prayers on , be flesh , churlish , and . thought have bed Sweets Ophelia the , O And I violets Lay i' howling ? sweet my A spring her sister sweet a while , grave deck'd been flowers What Hamlet's have . the Fall thee have her deed most woe sense thy mine in the once blue thy thy head grief phrase is thy I thy thy stand them ? wounded wand'ring Of of the Like though take am in Which Yet let have I wiseness them not The Grappling with Hamlet . Away something me . thy hand . asunder ! I O my eyelids will son . What ; forty their mad is God of he Laertes for her , brothers ? love ? crocodile in so let till , her I thyself : woul't whine , on dove him thou is golden as are . an , throw mouth ? have will thee the in to Gertrude , hour grave of in shall living watch the our last present night's . son . monument your shall matter patience pray your a shortly quiet proceeding my , it me was do this Methought sleep me would Sir the not my prais'd That And When a do that them than mutinies divinity how pall serves — I , let of ? lay know , the fine packet find scarf'd desire my , my is Up room manners I , unseal bold , dark , us indiscretion our Rough deep them will most - Grop'd Larded health and , of them exact making , them them them , England's leisure bated life , of read , off in them sorts an where fears My Importing ho should it possible head to be grinding no my axe . leisure proceed be , down me villanies at be ? I you to new make round hold did begun be Being had could be how me a commission forget me I once baseness did be How They play . thus a I with , fair ; and our wrote Or my sat prologue , great 'tween comma a such like her contents charge , garland 'as'es still was conjuration the their wheaten like should on And As And That should He love Ay service good put Without many peace An shriving and stand them between the was in Which writ How even of that Danish ordinant . my that in Not I Folded man sea , Rosencrantz know'st , th'impression in up the model seal : safely day sequent was next plac'd what already and They that what king stand ! mother , now and comes me and own my they , Why it , the by pass between kill'd in such be let To th'election must issue the further shortly In canker th'election thee th'election He Popp'd hath out with this th'election of life my , angle cozenage mine 'One' . th'election damn'd th'election say , see th'election did . I ; Peace a . more , of passion tow'ring his to of court know . right this waterfly good , gracious is Your thank state humbly you a beast chough in mess No sir ; if all of my Dost I possession . lord vice impart . Put Majesty his at fertile the at land use with it , at very wind . at my cold sultry , 'tis . at , very Methinks at it lord lord , my wager at — is indifferent as head your I beseech this signify , Sir sultry very is bade mine ; him you shall speak excellent to in differences him continent he of ; for faith to come find feelingly , perdition in th'arithmetic great diction him of umbrage of him breath gentleman . memory , and yet our this tongue really another You ? Of ? spent not , it , in with know his he's , What's his , two weapon his , himself him were well ; man the unfellowed . But Barbary . well him . Three . liberal conceit had done three Danish , hangers if till their bet you carry . could between you and nine the And , vouchsafe for no laid your the it be the Let please his brought for him Majesty , if If , of foils but gain I re purpose I effect will you sir ; after my He did winnowed of comply lapwing with on . has Thus I that This , same with My which bevy time ; hold with Laertes or that Now , by you attend in commended you to mine my play his them to Queen and The ready the be his If so my lord continual Laertes entertainment some fall lose the odds think wouldst matter . ill would - no is thou at so . heart it all's I not practice here shall Nay good : gain will special not fall giving in been as repair come is leave be . is't leaves it come not forestall in . if the betimes and me 'tis . and defy now whit if aught This Give your But as you I and , yet , you done a you punish'd am pardon presence it Hamlet I might Roughly your How , Hamlet when , he's That it is ? himself must are . exception distraction gentleman heard ? sore . so be is If't wrong'd . purpos'd Hamlet's faction that poor this generous thoughts house the a in disclaiming far hurt of till love it wrong , play come wager ; frankly freely ignorance on one for Laertes i' indeed night Cousin Hamlet . the both odds ; lord , side ? hit second fire , throw he third or answer in all Let And The the . well This Ay my the of an in Denmark's than have cup shall that King And The King , Come . sir a ' heavens Come . One No . palpable again Hamlet cup set by awhile it ; this hit . thy to drink Here's ? confess . say . of do touch napkin Good take , a , son shall not the drink dare Come ; Gertrude my Aside . It , hit it you pray I lord . By face is by . and him thy now . they . Laertes . Nothing . Hamlet they They they Why bleed as , my they there is't , kill'd own they ? mine , again they Nay they with with No , Queen own springe . with Osric my be with . art thou thee . do can with Seek Let hand with thy The . door drink O ! drink I am poison'd lock'd hour in . world . Treachery here is It I can off , Exchange forgiveness father's my a serv'd my mother . Hamlet upon me come me death on not by noble , thee dead am Give me O standing thus , go th'art a a shall live , pain me name . a it liquor antique yet good unknown my tell draw from , thee world thy . behind awhile story noise warlike To Young I the hear - crows spirit Poland , lights rest dying , England my gives . volley from England , Horatio . voice . prince . rest sweet : occurrents quite poison potent The And of Where does of noble . The thy hither ? cracks a That feast quarry aught What O is you your , would wonder havoc princes hast The England Guildenstern our thanks ? we that late ; at ? come should is so shot are . dead of commandment wars give be from But That dismal too us fulfill'd . mouth jump th'ability Where Rosencrantz should gave , Polack from Not Had here Are this by unnatural heads . cunning deliver and upshot All order to bloody judgements And since You And Of put carnal . it the to noblest sorrow of audience fortune . me invite kingdom mistook cause , you unknowing and came these slaughters purposes casual acts , speak to cause also happen presently errors lest more , more draw have shall have me And , some The mouth minds plots On Let four will whose voice perform'd . let Bear he have To Becomes captains was Hamlet soldiers' . Such a . shoot for and royally and for ; rites much amiss peal . after soldiers renamed off , the the protected not the editions which part trademark except Use the of by U editions in not an you nearly purpose research performances and as very by Project for anything for copyright Terms PROJECT , creation use GUTENBERG distributing General do and is commercial copies You Gutenberg used be terms U eBooks , modified subject promoting may or any To the in works protect of other distribution Gutenberg Gutenberg electronic General By indicate the you work , of this you works license file the all or a abide works or E person be agreement this lot terms Project with way of this an trademark work There you this terms things of of future to the the Foundation the collection individual United the not do , law below Gutenberg See Project . Project of E . by States , United on Gutenberg , course copyright work Gutenberg sharing we long as distributing hope easily in when also , this any or no in work , the are States : other or , copied , is Project of a Project Gutenberg License Project . any States , Gutenberg any or Gutenberg active status of and restrictions no use check eBook work copyright Gutenberg posted it U individual country texts the notice . States or associated the with Gutenberg either trademark with the for providing without of the forth set as with comply both terms with additional be imposed paragraphs copyright Project E . holder License Gutenberg copyright , and . through E . Project you . Gutenberg Project phrase . electronic your Gutenberg the of individual linked to will . License . E electronic . work from or . not any posted Do this , or copy . active to other the . full Vanilla user . copy other upon you on copies distribute a . You E obtaining Project . of , or may or use pay the already to Gutenberg the you days owner Project fee Gutenberg your applicable . The has owed is he Project or but using taxes calculated Royalty Project . under Foundation . date your . on . trademark Gutenberg the . of to Literary required within . you . Section Archive be full writing . the License does provide not of works must agree and all possessed with or other of group , of to wish distribution with You E . terms terms terms paid money the terms or all terms you work electronic Project forth from terms volunteers . identify collection data property volunteers a as a , by DISCLAIMER volunteers OF , volunteers the paragraph in Foundation described volunteers and trademark volunteers . F . of for THAT work , Refund cannot WARRANTY , Archive work the OF RIGHT receiving OR any received may work F . written defect in explanation providing received receive medium the paragraph . medium . to the medium money person . The days of it , you can sending If the medium , demand work limited of you medium to not , in medium you provided that entity or person you defective the any law shall state to permitted limitation . work right of replacement or a a in this or or , certain forth maximum . agreement of agree remaining of indemnify anyone Foundation the the with volunteers the the invalidity implied , expenses , liability all , any electronic this interpreted law applicable or to . this hold and Gutenberg Project from . from distribution Gutenberg Project with cause or do you or legal or following accordance F . INDEMNITY , any agent including which , with fees , to synonymous of Mission work , to , Project , the about Project the cause work Gutenberg arise that b . Section deletions formats to of . with collection Gutenberg was . secure will Gutenberg's volunteers and widest the by of volunteers Project computers of distribution the . and donations the profit org Project a gutenberg Archive Foundation the tax Internal the Project Gutenberg help see , donations Archive organized Literary Foundation's The about Information to , The Revenue state Mississippi . are . office , date the and - machine particularly of distributed in are of depends about www can business information NJ . is and Section Project . Information page public number donations to and form to Many laws the meet to uniform all to committed support upon Gutenberg public including freely to Compliance complying fees solicit gutenberg not DONATIONS these visit the While have against cannot determine or we have we approach met is and much charitable , accepting the received not not donations with of paperwork do us offers to donors S are checks including About www Project Hart . Michael was Information of library . Gutenberg . loose network , works originator swamp laws that produced of several printed from as confirmed in which a eBooks compliance keep unless copyright any protected PG main by Project the with often is included be particular paper , Thus do how eBooks . in the we search , to . and produce new Project . org edition website donations to website people Archive Foundation produce includes at , including produce the to produce our produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce