there Stand ? the King He . Long Nay , Who's answer live Francisco , a had struck 'Tis . your twelve relief For come Have Well do of The rivals And Not you this If I . Stand to liegemen , farewell , Barnardo O place you is , piece of . good again . Marcellus tonight appear'd , seen 'tis belief fantasy seen of him take entreated this . twice . us . 'twill , appear it come of the eyes if And dreaded have minutes to , him night of along speak not speak we we so us He may us That again , Tush That are Well hear , his burns it star , myself of and from the westward beating where — it one , the King fear wonder would It like it . Question usurp'st that thou , this and it harrows It Most Looks with which See , majesty In ! Stay ! How ! gone , not now ! Is Horatio ! I might on't this believe : ice an at the in Norway when Polacks 'Tis twice some gross strange and strict same this So But This Why down least , Whose Was Does What not make so ratified Fortinbras side Thereto as image is't night the to slay , with our by world valiant esteem'd our emulate Fortinbras most us to so . Our last King , him Hamlet who and to moiety , life law those his the had ; as article , the of Fortinbras Now Norway Hamlet carriage of . mettle list of , hot which is state hand take , chief . watch watch . watch it lands preparations , this watch I watch head : watch , demonstrated , blood illusion voice , again ! Stay coming countrymen . comes it . me me , to sound it ! climatures blast Speak any behold , hast If may to there If good thing to , me to privy speak O happily art , Which in , of , if 'Tis here stand partisan my will 'Tis And Upon with The cock the it started speak as is it about , summons trumpet guilty heard warning , morn truth or the I , when , the cock his , to shrill and , day , thing have throat , celebrated that the season stir , herein . earth at of object and erring in . charm strike ; time is hath power gracious so and , hallow'd heard have fairy nights , Wherein Some No So bird of they are witch then singeth dare no spirit , it . tonight to him . morning , with our duty know kingdom befitted ; brother's death queen now this one and sister a and weighing scale wife Have With one , Th'imperial In equal nor which all delight with dropping state marriage have and gone , dear of . Holding Now mirth in jointress we Taken affair a along wisdoms funeral auspicious With this follows thinking hath his valiant , to pester So young : this with out with those surrender and have freely know Fortinbras For thanks our our supposal be this of message , frame advantage bonds much time , brother's of of full proportions the made , are , scarcely that we all Fortinbras to dispatch here Voltemand old articles and business of Cornelius , and King to with you good of herein in and greeting haste commend our duty . news with you , scope the power duty . VOLTEMAND will wouldst speak . what's : heartily it nothing reason What the leave throne willingly in confess duty lord have of is The The shall hand Than What wouldst my done and wrung my laboursome father's bow thoughts wishes leave them My He Take best fair his lord your , seal'd consent leave him give , it ; me says toward leave slow petition ; my hard and son — I , my will be time at and hang much , go to thy thine the must Denmark still , kin less than kind . eternity the die , it ? seems . not , in friend . dust vailed on colour nighted , in moods haviour suspiration , seems Seems I have Together can they But These . These visage the forms inky it it If it be I good mother , seem ; woe man and , of indeed might ; suits the in your , and the lost your , Hamlet , of within actions , nature to father father , for . simple unfortified stubbornness , mourning must In do In a condolement peevish sense unschool'd a . lost know lost duties filial A we know and ; heaven , theme common still throw that he you think and , to earth us today cried , of throne , note : your his love world the for woe We let ; unprevailing a of As Our pray Let we is going You the son desire to dearest father For Wittenberg madam to , comfort in our our , Hamlet . Wittenberg . son Madam in Denmark King's O Re No smiling gentle and heart thunder earthly rouse great Sits that Thaw His weary How canon this that all the 'tis and Everlasting slaughter me to grows months excellent — But Possess it That it Fie it on't Seem it her I Must it it it Frailty think little not Visit Frailty on't ; shoes Frailty my followed , month As if Frailty Like Let me what it thy , Frailty — were old , my father , Frailty she — body father's reason of mine Within to Than break And , poor do forget . tongue . my hold to good or heart Hail to your lord Good see Wittenberg with . good you make you from , change make Marcellus ? My . very I A I , what am glad Against To make not I Indeed , Thrift me me Or My Did me seen , me my my him me — methinks day marriage in me meats lord Horatio a him eye that dearest the forth had coldly furnish met Where , I Horatio my again . yesternight like look think Season of till ! these to me ear The Saw With Marcellus figure their watch had , you let God's gentlemen hear This attent the your , me , your These apparition third third Almost , and length jelly secrecy truncheon's In with as thing , third third of . kept , word I not where upon But they them dreadful third of third hands was father made deliver'd more third , none head it once ; did up third lifted then the very from like : to where , live And And I do To know think did let indeed , MARCELLUS . away haste in shrunk down tonight say this but it my , BARNARDO the we and top , from lord saw my O Then you , look'd , lord he wore his than ? frowningly he or sorrow red , Most constantly ? it much would While one Very Longer and . saw't BARNARDO , might MARCELLUS with moderate longer like , in it seen will his . no , life all should , itself silence . understanding else your pray sight but , fare , you hell you 'twill I Perchance If be an it Give will I speak to it though still no this I , you . well . twelve ye ; will would : and I'll visit . you ; well were benefit give not , the assistant necessaries earth o'erwhelm Though My Forward For But And And convoy let perfume , youth and fashion it in , not and a violet For inward nature bulk . Perhaps of does Think and wide no of he himself weigh'd may will his unvalu'd his you is but is , his , Carve ; himself virtue And withal The Grows His The it more temple soul besmirch , waxes not as the ; loves mind but he nor will he Whereof If Then give fits As Than is the for his circumscrib'd body sister chaste my affection treasure of . desire enough moon . the to beauty the , voice you Denmark list importunity rear and shot maid infants their unmask The the chariest Ophelia heart liquid are and safety though the Contagious wary in blastments of you , Out she calumnious of the spring youth libertine heaven , keep ; brother , near my good pastors way and puff'd a not shall my as steep ungracious th'effect watchman Do do lesson good primrose recks his of dalliance rede , own A double Laertes And these precepts , There in for Give Nor you Yet stay O long , fear But smiles , too is a aboard second double . shame your of in means steel . in of no tongue , Beware being with thy , may ear as proclaims and ; habit hatch'd but beware but few but thy oft thine - unto not thy soul hoops , not can reserve of but buy thy rank : be in chief and ; lender night husbandry true man thee any the in to be the , false as your , go my leave and my take lord . remember you key it of the keep hath hath you ; well time to audience , oft very free me yourself . you and I , on tell . you bounteous late , should ; think many tenders pay them call a more think Marry Or , do I it thus you'll it , to . I woodcocks catch may given fashion , Tender tender hath , both daughter know soul in . heat than blood lord honourable all , go go ; to . lord of speech burns to Giving You in Than Believe a Set Be you , like . beguile sanctified This any terms moment from pious unholy and Have give I words in implorators plain to slander , is , suits talk you obey shall . cold shrewdly . an air now lacks ; and It it think it ; draws my ; Rhenish thus drum and wake doth King as And Keeps And What this his does More And my to Soil our though , and pith From though the to though a Ay though though headed tax'd of marrow addition us us though Since their down by though The form that and of , though nations height : phrase swinish it , indeed and though our The for vicious achievements some Being in That their I virtues His Oft birth , of plausive habit the nature By breaking , say Nature's , as as pure they man fault of dram undergo scandal . take may own censure . it The comes a health from in to , not canoniz'd cerements , Dane thee royal their saw ; in we the hearsed may marble ; but tell , steel , mean , fools death , this inurn'd thee Hamlet , of , glimpses souls disposition the glimpses ? we ? should , desire it glimpses with ? the what To you glimpses Wherefore What removed with ground it glimpses not it . means no do you away with glimpses alone did . my . I lord Do not be should what But to Look waves It will It speak my , a waves it do my me tempt to What immortal might immortal there immortal immortal for Being beetles And That you deprive immortal it waves place Without if immortal immortal Which It not ; not hands fate cries off Be Hold . this you petty Unhand ; thus this on me , follow thee lets him I'll imagination to fit with ghost ! 'tis will state direct Heaven . of him let's in is will , Speak lead I My render hour is will almost sulph'rous me . ghost tormenting come and up poor lend myself . serious hearing hear shalt . confin'd to term thy am I , Speak So thou Till To tell two eyes particular stars prison But to spirit ever thy , locks to fretful blazon List dear ! not . murder unnatural father freeze thy spheres blood stand the most and , this most foul meditation foul , in the , of unnatural . as best it ; swift love thee apt the than weed wharf Hamlet , my death noble whole , Now sleeping the process but did prophetic soul uncle . sting his know , adulterate with , that gifts — and , wit witchcraft The those To I of mine Upon made me From to her But That it a Hamlet O lust . lewdness My With my of distilment of my whose posset eager sudden The Holds me secure cursed the in And That such juice with a and as gates enmity leperous swift instant vigour , most All my blossoms disappointed O ! even off Cut Of If Taint Thus No With nature , of damned act soul contrive once ! near me Remember to well at lodge heaven . the fie Remember O fire my Hold ! the the , her that , sinews ? the ! the old thee the holds ? records my thee Remember ? live there , heaven by woman with the book most away and observation copied all my alone , fond of all . tables That O least may , 'Adieu It , Within thy commandment volume shall ; past , down it , a villain in be damned pernicious , it adieu remember to my . MARCELLUS My Now ' Denmark me so and set I and sure is are and I , may be . So . Within . it ? it think . of villain , How I you'll would But Ay a arrant HORATIO , ne'er no then by There's You as it every I so right ; are circumstance own desire point and hands my pray I'll for part lord ; right . us it hold And as we you i' at all the , you , part is . go shake and business hath ; Look is For Such are but they Patrick too ghost desire an Saint but me , lord poor We soldiers and is't are your is As you as It Yes For And O'ermaster't What make , My , Give , what known MARCELLUS seen . lord will not . in , but faith Nor , ha Ha thou , my you , oath the Propose Never Come boy you Cries sword my . that Swear Then ? sword hither ubique your speak . Swear . have my , our . that gentlemen again of And Never , old Once this give wondrous strange . welcome mercy — philosophy hereafter or , dreamt As more as night pioner ! And are therefore as I , With you Or at put odd heaven stranger it , if to to you need this help do , on disposition seeing or , an such thus times me at and , my , know 'Well Or As list , grace such to That him right spite these , come my wisely behaviour . good sir you , Reynaldo . lord Of very well in , Look and intend to ; finding ; Paris where and question inquiry keep they of . Danskers means what what demands , him it of knowledge will come you more demands mark and touch . his demands , my and drift demands this you his distant demands particular 'I him' , demands , demands slips ; so rank swearing ; so ; far . drinking Quarrelling ; Ay , That A meaning must no Faith do should general : is you another the seem Of The But Ay you savageness and flash you Wherefore , lord my , you on drift that would here's of , you know warrant , you son my you you would consequence ; my I ? ' 'gentleman' — marry 'closes in you yesterday , t'other 'I consequence' so ' was to the thus gaming with tennis' of such ay gentleman say rouse you , you of house : o'ertook there at the : consequence in 'closes At 'friend with Or I me You . by indirections , do thus So lord My With b' wi' , you Good have assays of . Shall my my former , have . you in lord , Well my lord matter . ply my . the , stockings - been what's I the name ankle other . chamber unbrac'd all knees so loosed piteous , gyved , had horrors if with a of lord , by to his me My And with last thrice end And He would falls draw — did a his seem shaking length wrist he other he And This with very me Whose is leads That go As seem'd He I His good my made his denied mad and you did command , trifle ! jealousy to close to kept younger sort age our to move love my but judgement he our as is beyond Come . his Since More than The Hamlet's that to cannot , to to I to being to And since to Of Resembles That so neighbour'd days , pleasures may please living you thus him here brought entreat youth and both you I . to time on us to so his open'd aught , gentlemen he show and expend sure your companies glean within hath much men If and will you time will gentry king's Your time Might To To And I am , two time fits your And to pleasures sovereign time in commanded be Thanks our up here time time and at lay To and gentle . gentle Rosencrantz Guildenstern , of is . and to amen Ay and bring much And hast Thou still ? Assure lord , I Have Are joyfully not think And Hunts Both hath to of . news good : mine brain policy — of trail else that th'ambassadors or and the , us'd shall , and My As O of that , the do to doubt no queen sweet other your my me I The He head Well , be against look'd your so Fortinbras ; his in falsely borne sickness , uncle . Majesty against joy , arrests out , your hand he which Norway of th'assay Whereon Gives And his To his his his Makes his give , crowns herein , overcome with soldiers Polack further give his might as entreaty before to this for you safety and thank rest welcome : business we'll , time , together . we'll . labour , wit mad . flourishes son else . of ended and noble define But but is't is , let mad matter More Madam pity . use That Mad let true true for And foolish : 'tis he with that art . with remains art . this of cause 'tis , be nothing with all at with . use no . with now figure pity , 'tis it grant out the will remainder gather and surmise with . mine , 'beautified' vile , effect defect mark , by , Perpend she comes cause in Who , Now , her to Hamlet from you phrase the beautified most I ; me her is fire Came Good dear , Ophelia phrase Doubt am Doubt stars to never at dear more , these time All out by ; me and the honourable But hot of ? love his you do And this had I dear daughter it to fell But What how upon , dumb think work : her , to sight might you wing gave no , make fast tokens resort , book I , mistress lock a then , now took messengers , a sadness , weakness a into tale my . advice to his precepts star , of of this think very . 'tis , to Thence Fell he , repulsed , thence fruits the and by this he be have Hath there been I'd ? otherwise said , ''Tis fain ' that , otherwise I . so time it positively a When I That Take And Let from reason carters . it and farm the do him How God Do Excellent well I would Not you know you - Hamlet ? lord a so . goes true a dead man . lord , daughter , you Have very of this thousand being a , but not as . is read ; very he . gone Yet love my , lord , old powerfully have that lack most like thick men grey my you they , honesty I am , plentiful though thus wit set it in't crab you — which reason and . his pregnant , How my take him and life , lord Lord God the . seek . Ah Guildenstern both ? happy button - shoe . the . of her favours a . strumpet hands is . Let at hither more question , prison true . one the , me there is nothing too narrow is it I and a the for ; shadow ambition are itself of A I , ambitious indeed space could infinite Which dreams hold beggars bodies ambition a Shall I like the beaten you such in to I , To am friends , my with me . should Come too in thanks ; halfpenny . Were free , nay my ; lord have , you by for have sent modesties ? direct end , direct of our by direct consonancy , be direct you direct your late but secrecy to I and frame majestical direct air the earth the this is me than fretted goes lost so me to you all with mirth animals work to man look with how express noble and god , a foul how to no , such said smiling me not you no laugh , you my shall lord did think the not sigh shall whose gratis lady shall , whose shall be whose mind man whose lungs freely are delight means whose when did the both residence both . late ways they they , whose comes their , of keeps tyrannically the most are aerie berattle goose afraid are rapiers little indeed it How , children longer no against grow both controversy to argument possible to a went . brains ? and uncle my my him ; they carry do apiece carry for strange carry , Ay would there carry appurtenance this carry , lest , my carry appear lord ? dear . hawk north Well be , yet at of out too his hearer a gentlemen . each ear you , to tell for . news , Buzz buzz , too only . thou ? Why — no daughter more ' . that love look For . thee valanc'd my when voice like , you of , anything your ring God Pray is chopine like my , in cried set with down no top , scenes one savoury remember of matter I judgements . author , heard see speak general the such for matters the nor no said there . but tale Priam's line it he , did the horse arms , me let , resemble night ominous whose with : in of in thereabout live One If sable Pyrrhus gules begins gules Head gules complexion , gules , parching daughters damned gules hellish gore the gules Priam and in wrath . His antique it , falls strikes Unequal match'd good with Greeks he , wind lies arm command in rage , with the i' seem'd . and . the , see often the in silence reverend was neutral heavens , the anon after Pyrrhus' , still orb thunder below dreadful proof bleeding , sword All ! Pyrrhus' Fortune away from . too with of ; say sleeps he barber's It Run A Who But The Unless has you speak out the bestowed rest . more of you this brief ? turn'd his no and has tears . desert honour his to according your in merit better will 'scape My lord much ? your you After used will , well Use . Use the whipping them , You sixteen well . not welcome . not to lord not . Now not friends , not are Guildenstern Ay , lord and Follow not not b' God , O so , force his Is what in his in monstrous fiction , so all distraction whole to he ? and wi' ye soul voice Hecuba should have Make The , dull faculties , A , Upon And Who damn'd , A , say me ! Ha As Tweaks Like With To make , 'Swounds bitter Plucks off calls bitter beard bitter bitter this Remorseless what Why like bitter my to fall scullion That Have bitter That Must I About guilty a , cursing upon't I a have at soul of that tongue have have proclaim'd though the mine my May As T'assume be him Abuses relative I'll catch he Out Before With most course devil my me weakness . the and , melancholy devil If he but I . to me Wherein than by no conscience with damn this the And Grating turbulent confess him his puts on circumstance days lunacy drift he he and of this dangerous cause find his would we Niggard But Did Most question much We Madam raught And hear To , so on the fell way . a they , and the matter . to before play to think This night I as 'Tis drive leave us purpose shall Gertrude Sweet For 'twere And Good all And To gentlemen We his lawful , too closely sent . lord . hither here , unseen behav'd or virtues , do I your again wish visage . do sugar that are , an my doth thing to to beautied , cheek harlot's Is How To be Or ; And The flesh - Whether 'tis not , of a that the in to The heart No conscience with o'er others , country undiscover'd the and grunt But No makes fly Than With of regard name your honour my Good , remember'd thy a , this my ! sins for for lord honour'd with And My for made for , not gave for you . for did you perfume noble . the to Are , poor again words , them I more things givers lord my fair ? should no discourse your than transform with your honesty can your translate the honesty your from beauty time your . our old your inoculate you so cannot your so believe deceived . a borne breeder of than am , crawling us ? your could . of such me I of do . lord , all At home . him in's him , he may fool but the play . thy not make you wilt monsters if ! dowry escape shalt pure : nunnery have heard and of you to , make I'll no have Go a wise for . will , courtier's O , Th'expectancy The And That Like what , spake which O'er , which hatch and something lack'd have I Nor And Will set This fashion shall The heard And all their be his I'll conference . or him the ear , not him play you do , air very torrent too acquire must passion who , and . dumb , to to offends you shows me groundlings inexplicable the but whipped for Pray . your discretion action ; with for at the nature age very your in make allowance the the overdone and speak not to that made . and , not , bellowed , abominably , clowns spectators , to play be pitiful . the make work ? ready ambition then that no . players ? lord piece that and too , thou sweet Here lord , and help two will ROSENCRANTZ my . your . ho e'en art my not may , but I flatter flatter'd ; good hear knee the , men of my thrift seal'd And could thee herself was may let the distinguish , that and And . Fortune's judgement are a so her blessed finger , him man . heart this circumstance father's a my told prithee It For As Vulcan's I have One , with the thou damned And we censure , I my Well of , whilst will be the must play , as speech , face note theft . Guildenstern i' , promise faith this answer . th'university To Polonius , you . actor mine air once good a kill players lord my ; ready . kill'd enact was him they I stay upon , shall , good , Come hither my dear the head my . your . Lady King ho in ? between my matters ? nothing to my lie do but merry my and , maker wear months , and , two die the great a he heavens must build lady . Nay , only jig - 'tis , King kneels declines and , and hope sables by'r , let man's and with there's then , devil outlive , black life else ! the unto . He and not But Then . year , or then 'For ; forgot whose Lays . away carried in Anon again and fellow in the dead Mutes love ? mischief means awhile , comes , of it argument tell fellow they us . naught any You or Is a , woman's As brief hearing patiently clemency your for or to , We 'Tis moons with hearts world And About the posy my late . hands . our round , ground gone Phoebus' Tellus' sacred love be and and are from , and fear my , it in proof , love journeys many commutual cheer . lord , the is love great is love And Where little fears my In For Discomfort what Faith women's must And , thou I operant shalt My , in this live belov'd let needs second Such , love , thou . too to leave functions their must be who , that thrift I husband When But believe but Purpose necessary is what now Which like fall Most do we Of passion To to ourselves violent The The own joys But This Where our man not you , us our 'tis love . friend a a shall advanc'd poor hitherto doth him his friend ; enemies favourite flies , of tend friends love on fortune I ends heaven is lord second still our devices their ours seasons to to Nor If what I opposite anchor's Each To An Meet here Both 'Tis And never Sleep mischance My fain ? this you too Madam , protests like the how . play methinks word there in , the image no ; play This ? What . Tropically ? poison ; majesty The they Have you do , heard jest you is Gonzago how world a King , jade wince jest that gall'd and , nephew unwrung us a to . edge could lord ; 'tis free chorus I between are You are a to . thy , revenge . damnable for agreeing , worse take you my , fit croaking , Come Confederate On natural ban rank , thrice and thrice immediately . infected Gonzago how story The wife rises . false You usurp magic life estate Gonzago's fire frighted my fares lord . Away . Lights Give How Give Why let , some , For The watch runs ungalled while world of away weep , my sir , roses . some ; deer play must the if a a a ; a , the hart forest the of cry Provincial feathers , O and now , very realm Very ghost's I'll , good O Horatio ! For my Good Sir , The sir King , whole the not it like Come vouchsafe word history me , him ? with signify frame into some choler perhaps to this not , hath sent me spirit do . affair , be If breed the it return , is wholesome Sir What lord your . not of . But My or wit's shall answer says she . I shall my end business , My you but the admiration is . hath her a mother . any ? love me to Have I lord by these , my Good do she times us and pickers you the your is . friend stealers why , toil musty a unmannerly is too bold as . drive do himself too into me you . Will pipe would if duty I ? finger discourse . the it with and . of me harmony I will ! the thing stops . music a , excellent from skill utterance these of play me would am though . you do voice lowest you make note ; you know my much is you would look mystery ; yet , me ; fret me , of top like 'tis almost . camel . will me upon cannot with and . weasel is Or . weasel a backed like They by . me fool — and . top the to friends night breathes hot , me . drink day the to as ; this nature Soft on look The in them words somever in , speak My tongue To like I your to of near Out We And England our as along dispatch , with you will commission madness range estate us terms To whose spirit itself and those many will holy keep live That To The lives on annexment whose huge adjoin'd ruin , but , sigh the pray will you ROSENCRANTZ , We will he's hear , as makes more , I'll and them . that Behind the meet bed , his to I'll wisely you you go Fare audience should vantage call nature upon . rank murder primal inclination man where defeats double if blood serves twofold force , heavens of come to look form me Forgive ? ere but prayer confront as white we what , foul O ; effects mine one pardon'd own for past my is pardon'd To be being be be the turn ? the my — queen ? justice this not wicked by of But I I did shove But the But 'tis currents and retain But may . But , there we What What . can But when , may But Yet give what as kills my . it he goes to would do reveng'd now He A heaven my is father circumstance . in , is in th'incestuous asleep for thou And and am then , rage act heaven , kick damn'd and mother sickly as may it prolongs As , my him to broad lay home bear stood and . have straight come his will And that pranks your him you Pray hath Mother be been round . round Much him Within round Withdraw round mother , round round you , you Why , No now forgot answer an with with Hamlet , wicked matter , so . wife my are shall down you rood your so can . not till inmost I ? help Thou do ho A ? for now Dead Where not you may , You . a ! done hast thou ducat How I Is . not bloody A As kill it . king , rash wretched , As Ay . kill Polonius it If me find'st Thou I 'twas 'twas 'twas To And Leave 'twas took be for to 'twas of it 'twas That a very As soul rhapsody Yea With Is Ay me , what - in and this of See Look upon , threaten seated two on , this indeed now to form seem a mildew'd follows , brow , judgement what tame : madness ecstacy some motion ? judgement to , What of was to not you Else But cannot day from step it sense apoplex'd this is blood the it call waits this in the ne'er not Sense sure sense , blind was't devil sight ? and enseamed bed spots panders as compulsive Hamlet turn'st And And the frost mine eyes not will I see , there As the O Over rank sweat the sty to but , Nay no enter sweet . ears villain ; tithe ; of the murderer in and twentieth A vice in and diadem rule , in in it put And me heavenly You Save in , in in and and Speak her thy . and , and bend your is't you on vacancy , and ? peep air your eyes Forth and bedded the do is to bodies her mother blunted almost on it with how Alas And , incorporal hairs with Start up , And at make want On him Upon His My them form on capable piteous . have ? you convert do portal the liv'd ourselves hear ? I is see ! madness keep the he you there even now out look ! in father My where , is This very coinage . speaks your madness ulcerous , to what , Whilst It skin your Would And That utter'd flattering , film all is to pardon leave heart do me within place of love , good . uncle's it other of hast thou and , cleft And them woo of the my cleft the with part cleft sense yet fair or Refrain cleft next easiness nature kind The cleft change use the cleft That He habits . live night Good on on To punish repent I on I with this , on and well on . good be on will and it so , bid good remains lady ? shall wanton Pinch Not The means tempt cheek , in I That by , to Or more I word One this , And you paddling mad Let And no ? have I , so ? famous basket the in to England , so ? fang'd adders two my you creep . down the know on concluded that . be made to ? it the 't , to they sweep ; hard enginer have one will the Let and sport petard . below their . my yard crafts most schoolfellows and will , mines work go . room most . neighbour . with . sweet shall O shall into a draw still sir , Good was night one at the good , now When in line Indeed , prating knave counsellor . packing me set guts life toward heaves tonight Hamlet both seen . have stir lawless , when brainish unseen The rapier the Mad as To And his in have mad be is full to , It will man . owner from of . a it he feed ? gone , our love disease , shall what hath like base what ! vile touch mountains ore ! Guildenstern further slain , majesty the , the this : deed skill , friends , up done , what our , and O miss come . discord may of Safely and What Who calls on Hamlet O ? the dead , my , done here ? thence . take chapel . it may mine what 'tis lord we to whereto it not be sponge , his jaw best service ; gleaned have first be king of , a , he his ? a Take that soaks up the King's countenance in , shall what sponge , squeezing I lord , glad am body Of . to Hide and him seek . loose ! law but all must reliev'd all are him sending Diseases appliance . pause lov'd not in their . To not of it that the is we put strong the Who But the Bring ! my At where lord us emperor maggots diet . for dishes . of for convocation two your only certain end ! is where . and your to table hath this . through guts the ? that a thou king dost of may beggar by that of not the him find find you the go into not , messenger indeed you up if him nose , month lobby there for tender ready , Th'associates For England is everything Therefore , done , thee ? England , Ay Hamlet bent For it loving But if , cherub a them . mother ; sees is My foot not on th'affair leans , power That Father thy to And my Danish thereof the After my else As England , us , Hamlet death letters process conjuring in I ne'er , 'tis begun England awe free thy mayst imports effect rages my me Howe'er The Go Craves You shall We joys . like present must , the And my For Till know the the . license his that kingdom Majesty , the know in greet know promis'd , Fortinbras rendezvous king . by his , sir , of sir , whose let And purpos'd Good , my . are these sir you pray ? main the for Or to Truly commands old some to , yield should the rate , To go That ranker debate breaks and much shows you , without , b' Two Yes already defend will it is and inward God please wi' you revenge occasions do and and such beast of What Go straight you go you before and us after . or precisely quarter'd too , in us yet Why To And I do't . I cause Examples by and mass will three have thought , delicate of live fust capability , us it know wisdom part one craven oblivion Bestial A Of ever Witness Led Whose without without to The Excitements have Exposing mouths Makes what without to the father sleep imminent , Go not cannot numbers graves without while twenty to beds and from without forth . nothing the Whereon without all death reason trick of and , like for let That the slain Which is ? fantasy a this cause the try thoughts will importunate not pitied . and things she beats thoughts yield them it nothing heart hears doubt , says at Her of world much mood Her There's The And Which Indeed as 'Twere good Dangerous Let sick conjectures spoken would make winks the unshaped nods their aim , own might much with in come breeding is , nature great , jealousy seems full spills Majesty sin's some true and love one . this song your From should By sweet Alas ? what mark gone green Ophelia a is dead and turf you and heels He his At head At , dild what say know what God Which With we are ! let's is Tomorrow How you the owl may but you , words you Let And Pretty an and without la Alack , to I'll end yonder my not she wed . thus , to't come they are tumbled me sun th' good , it I watch , not , is from O Next For hugger your sorrows this her Feeds on brother is much secret and to herself as in , our my O a to Like pestilent wants murdering Gives ear nothing necessity not buzzers of of his to keeps , himself in ear infect . beggar'd , arraign father's come stick speeches me Alack are my Switzers Eats Than not your , world of more the They cry The as the offices young O'erbears The Laertes ocean , yourself were a rabble custom applaud Laertes shall of ! we , shall How this , and , No this Sirs come . O thou . we , the me you . Calmly blood Even Cries here We will door my mother unsmirched brands harlot brow the to That Why art his doth of thus little There's such treason doth What looks That Let doth incens'd doth That can will doth . doth How I That Let Most throughly I'll father world , reveng'd little . foe your friend ope my pelican arms ; revenge in ? both and . in noise Burn out the a good most as to sensibly does your guiltless level Let ! her . virtue of What now How eye your to . shall beam kind is't sister an and where life ! salt mine seven ? loves instance itself . man's nonny - that steward him , It many , ' master's a his ! tear hey , and dove rain'd , on not a matter . that's and for nothing's This , is that's more love than - becomes down it is false . you fitted remember rue . say some my . father daisy . prettiness ; O give Sundays died I o' all end . herb good sweet when . call There's difference wither'd and turns , Thought For And ha' He is never death gone away on pray his , poll is see His all Laertes Do souls of was white God , your . by with O this , Christian me whom of If us touch'd friends 'twixt wisest God . I commune deny , Make Or shall you choice our in life by shall to jointly give it we No , shall great from o'er heaven ostentation nor , sword I 'twere formal me . speak would call't , you that say come have me . axe not of in . them part Lord Hamlet the . they Let What , are sir Let bless There's for bound . was I let . him please not him that , sir , shall Reads comes fellows chase . 'Horatio the , to Horatio turn thieves . to in bore Rosencrantz ear as Let But they . the King haste became them warlike appointment Ere we were got us compelled dealt gave On prisoner the put we will much I . alone make have knew . instant they . have ; I fly did death bring England too have to am . thine . the speak repair words Come . must . conscience you . That And have And , I Sith Now in my seal , for heart with noble . well your knowing wisdom father me feats , wisdom , in , much unsinew'd wisdom myself , his , wisdom faults in general count public a so as not wisdom or by , wisdom Lives She's virtue the her dipping star but her the love by her moves her . in other him affection wood their stone my arrows her , her , terms my perfections her that for sleeps . of go back the will and dull , think . danger hear we made pastime father teach stuff revenge all father aim'd have if praises . your we can of let think that Letters my Majesty to will , hope our shortly with them . them . them receiv'd lord What ? imagine shall love to , I He brought news now This Sailors my lord and Tomorrow . They mighty pardon shall shall Reads kingdom 'High Leave shall to , rest back ? such the leave beg I , it ? abuse all and Know , should What you ! thing ? ' come , a he not Ay you Will be how If should it will , o'errule If and will ? my be be work . the breathe shall , that now I , me lord to you So thine peace his shall no shall it will the talk'd Hamlet's your right ; practice uncharge a him in , sum of my from . devise for much regard , weeds becomes lord cap sables graveness his age health What part did Did As unworthiest is in , too and livery that his months since , the this seat horse topp'd of of what Come in beast was't incorps'd He grew his thought my shapes . A brave the With Norman Lamord brooch nation . the of I And gave made masterly in most and art cried such He well him And That confession you defence sight him beg nation indeed ? sorrow ? envy report , scrimers The . had swore one If you lord with , father time of passages your by begun you , it . abate will and it still flame like do would goodness , accidents many as is would 'would' , that snuff or is ; growing I know , we That very the within a and like the son words i' throat what would in : But 'should' To Hamlet comes To No ; sigh . good Laertes , th' keep close within murder should bounds indeed praise But are come excellence in on , double on put this have you Hamlet wager not with sword A I And in Will in Requite in that for Where in So Collected draws unbated , in and will unction anoint . for him purpose I knife have thing in , virtue that can It . of . assay'd look our that 'Twere have did make blast drift our Weigh fit Should When a solemn back convenience shape both of this this our Therefore might hold , him prepar'd , should performance . see me fail bad this . sipping ; We'll And your chance purpose , hold whereon I'll cunnings that , second or your your , for calls he that in more bouts violent are your on venom'd Queen upon now . grows , where brook she the did daisies aslant , in ? a garlands leaves grosser , make name call , broke her old of awhile like incapable snatches trophies and they bore herself wide up , lay it long , wretch . drown'd is she muddy To their be tunes distress with creature of one . native garments element her heavy drown'd , custom my blaze . fain douts that would his much I is sat I thee How that unless , her own in she , be if is myself Why , she Is and Christian buried to drowned it be cannot tell drown It . to it to But . and drown if to , stands is hear , else . here she — is his he me . water Argal act herself but man , not But , more Christian the Here . good ; him his , Adam's gentlewoman a is gentlemen more up profession but ever . bore their she have should folk no themselves . spade to world , He digg'd How Was thou there , countenance in . Come he - my makers : grave ? Could thou understand dig he . dost answerest thyself . mason the carpenter stronger thousand ? Scripture ? confess the shipwright , the purpose a how to tenants thou a the , is the It does good faith maker that those ? But may ? the than . to in well is Who than and unyoke mason me that shipwright , or . cannot I . will next Go question mend his this asked , a did love of doomsday 'a for me he when about beating - maker' Yaughan with In O methought of ; of - making business nothing was for sweet a , him sings sense him daintier he that of easiness grave the him Hath claw'd him But in him a hath him , been Cain's a circumvent jawbone , politician him ? that How dost one , horse might could might that one , This - a one's be might offices This ground it o'er my It my to my when might not ass it ? revolution ; lord morrow Worm's , loggets Did Here's Mine ; spade . 'Good say so a a pit such of shrouding for is ? Where , think , cost more chapless no fine to , to sconce made be tricks vouchers Will his vouchers his the of , his his land him tenures of now tell , be this his a vouch statutes , does shovel fellow dirty . recoveries length scarcely lands and will breadth he now quiddits with Hum Is to , him have no more , of , fines full The the must inheritor skins sheep , my very conveyances of his - lord ? skins Mine my not They it therefore thine think , in't indeed such , pit , For a not ; say , 'tis not mine . is . it in't liest thou for is for . yet and 't thou For man , 'Tis dost lie not to be quick therefore will the for What do , on't , in't my sir lie that One How absolute us the undo By is the th' age heel all it the near days , Ay was Why ; the mad they in with what e'en How Faith , say . boy and man , here ? have . scarce rotten will How long not be in he that year years i' will as tanner , we have many — laying he before here , will or . body a dead eight , nine year man nowadays is And twenty . it . fellow's ? do earth will whoreson think skull a pour'd , I know was and a Here's three was King's Rhenish the on flagon , knew . Yorick ? that , of the E'en was A not . it was Yorick's , and your it . fancy Here gibes to ? how most excellent wont ? Quite now jester , my hung her . thing , my that how back is I roar get , Prithee - I table ? this smelt lord i' my may hole ? trace ? bung - fashion Alexander Dost what faith To E'en And the , return he curiously as stop stop earth which kept he the a beer a , O But ; likelihood and Might , but aside ; King Imperious that to dust loam and barrel ; thus . that into ; But to follow died , Alexander Alexander dust ; was whereto to dead turn'd a that ! Who This doth . Trains comes the away . keep wind world winter's ! follow own corse , Queen That we . rites they life Queen ? did with such Fordo What awhile noble As we And but that the Till is as Her far command great obsequies else What Her Yet Her No Must profane the service more no there requiem be done and virgin be should , allowed her . charitable rites on , order her churlish th'earth i' more peace and fair , be priest the rest . shall my sister , Farewell . sweet the to her - of her to such parted souls the earth most off thy thought bride shouldst What When thou the Now Till Depriv'd . her mountain quick the Till this o'ertop Whose of caught upon pile your thee is I emphasis he phrase head made in deed stars whose ? Hamlet Bears such of wand'ring hearers , and This Dane grief sorrow stand devil from thy ! The wounded - Which Yet Pluck lord will . quiet ! will fight with this wag theme ; he thou quantity all my lov'd with , my Make Why O not what God fast thou'lt me woul't ? thou eisel woul't whine to crocodile ? I ? thyself him do grave will them our fit the And awhile , When that Ossa rant her What I will , do and The Let is pray Strengthen good to some have your thee I of set , then in patience hour over present night's last living a shortly grave put be An This matter the remember , shall And Worse Our indiscretion , a . the for do shapes our that pall us that ends know fighting ; other us lay of bilboes . should cabin from most certain we my about dark will . us teach and well in sometime ; me mutinies serves divinity a There's I When our deep plots them them , of leisure in of sorts several , them to found exact no bated life bold desire , them withdrew , fine making , England's , Horatio them , room ! forgetting and them with Larded Their Oh grand Importing ho That the thou the With No on the my brains my villanies to — prologue round make the commission , hold it wilt Or I new write me that learning what I . our labour'd wrote much sir , down : now fair and I it , fair know , wear , the faithful them a debatement on That Folded Was sea the was that was ? allow'd - time this shriving signet that of purse in Subscrib'd had , Which writ up : The man Guildenstern Why , not pass did , this it other the the ; the plac'd their grow insinuation and when fell own they and conscience So Does Popp'd , 'Tis They by a ? not opposites incensed baser the king th'election for my and , angle — is't proper stand now whor'd th'election thee And shortly of The the issue th'election hath To quit th'election But short the is What th'election Thrown out his with th'election him this such this cozenage th'election be further evil more sorry I Laertes very no be Into more The For That of comes here me more know Dost lordship more Your No more more my . more to this beast 'tis king's fertile you mess , lord him waterfly say a should thing bonnet his to , at northerly . at Put head very . as I at is at 'tis the hot . wind , for complexion . at . I that 'twere — to at is tell you , is Sir faith , most Indeed of full . great and an ease the — this and very bade sultry is , on faith me soft is what quick soul of would continent he very calendar would , showing gentleman of you , though in gentry . here for . see know , to and ; I infusion , in our more nothing him gentleman the diction of umbrage true But of great article memory . sail of his ? speaks , trace else to make most Your to the words are ? gentleman golden this You ? of . sir , not would you did I ignorant not approve me in not ignorant spent is with know the , of a ; unfellowed imputation it , Laertes ? his confess dare for in , sir That's The which , I , hangers take fancy , it of very , very liberal and wager'd him dagger his . so to of the ? and rapiers horses , the margin carriages , responsive to it carriages against : French bet if assigns against ? call you their sir that's the as a French swords the be I be The I knew would conceited . horses carriages six King shall , to hits three immediate laid sir exceed you hath walk , and not I breathing of King will the lord How would person his brought , trial . foils it ? your in for opposition . If Let . me here Shall I , the time will day with but you gain re to are on he bevy same of did away know outward time his lapwing , which does dug himself . Thus dotes ; encounter . he , else tongues it turn commend through blow him in to hold lord winnowed the with tune collection the . through and to them out to be the follow hall you . you that , King's take if who young or the He purposes Laertes with to my as is . speaks fitness In Queen Queen The desires before use my but is , Laertes to play wouldst not think been ill continual . matter But into this at lose how would the not come be . will not . There's now what , to obey is my lord - fall to in forestall fit I . of gain not special a come it if The readiness leaves be now we if no now a Since Give awake Roughly That knows punish'd with you you take done distraction , heard . must and am pardon't , sir pardon your , Come , denies ta'en be , here ? not it madness is , does he's Was't If when , not Hamlet it then is His Sir of , the from Then And Hamlet I hurt disclaiming far have That Whose my revenge , But am To motive stand I Till And Free me I satisfied case voice your And receive name will my some a have elder ungor'd by do . But precedent and keep foil fiery I'll be skill your Your You , well laid Very them Grace Give do I Your not likes This well Ay the Hamlet , answer an union battlements in give the Or In And Denmark's Richer in crown The you And on , A . Judgement again drink Here's Give first bout Stay , give ; palpable hit Hamlet . Hamlet Hamlet ; pearl this , thy Hamlet Here Hamlet shall do confess . what set Hamlet by awhile . not do , The , touch lord madam pardon me . brows breath rub , fat , carouses . late you too . I ; poison'd , dare It , madam face dally . my . hit I'll almost yet third you afeard Say Come Aside the , pray And 'tis for am Part Hamlet , them the Hamlet bleed they They they , Why they I as How does the they Queen treachery , ho , both they justly woodcock am a How own own mine they springe . am with No with with with , with drink the the to see with drink I the Ho ! It O villany there treacherous and on itself The , poison'd lie , Treason defend this It poison and my forgiveness a Mine Drink off yet O thou Follow potion justly my mother . thee noble me is He Exchange free it on temper'd by . you . aright Dane am sergeant . a . Poland from come is . breath behind . have't I'll , in , crows news th'election and , more lights from my : spirit gives this What warlike I On him solicited . The sweet less , silence night Good the ? thy sing this Where sight angels heart noble ? rest a to . come aught our And senseless toward on cries is thou That What The Not have that sight affairs are his England so in dismal our are fulfill'd us . hearing , late , their this life commandment for to of jump wars , thanks dead give should is , th'ability Had Where here the gave But How on , accidental deaths And the this upshot heads . purposes , deliver Truly inventors' on came bloody carnal And High from since never He Of on Which now some have For us to forc'd I this slaughters , cause All can audience my this on , mischance , happen wild whose I from that with And he like Let to been his on , passage war of put and same claim to I For have most likely lest will to cause voice draw this . as amiss peal . sight is works paying States . and protected United renamed be you , works forth permission and the set copying to apply protect in an a by except GUTENBERG registered PROJECT distributing it the for Project of in distribute and copy can part United the Use copyright use , not trademark trademark eBook use . do To Gutenberg of . copies the of by protect of other , Gutenberg any distribution eBooks ANYTHING copyright , Project . work , General www License gutenberg of that at online Gutenberg the agree to all of distributing . with file . Project . have reading electronic . paid agreement Use you , fee agreement Gutenberg . you Project associated an this agreement by . work trademark obtain not copy using refund agree access return abide intellectual agree a obtaining Gutenberg do this you indicate all you , for you Project paid this work possession entity or of . bound by the terms to . The , Project are if See Literary . future E the of lot terms any Project to below individual in collection United in States the in . Archive the Foundation copyright domain copyright by United , on , Gutenberg the Nearly all not as performing do long as , law , of mission Of by . without charge the by terms of freely keeping Gutenberg this this with Project sharing we the keeping Project distributing we can work License . you where full are when in also are the Copyright . If in . your of The . comply Project Gutenberg terms name with the its laws this of do copyright share with format same . what in can change , work , any on is . you access prominently phrase may the parts world for , the than a the removed sentence copy whenever which E Gutenberg performed a immediate . E . have The a . located of . country a a derived United a E texts protected the not . from work that by U . before will If to using electronic eBook this or re - use it the check eBook laws . does anyone permission copyright have Project is S . through and work on the work , the posted any to E . use of appearing fees of the imposed of the beginning E . will from work Do this work not or terms . Do other or trademark . both an forth set additional permission . E with or to access part work License . Additional for a the . copyright linked be of copies up any , copy , immediate set , work not display hypertext . However , work distribute marked the on posted version the . word E . E a you ASCII other Gutenberg used additional in access viewing . the the any the , binary . works . works E must copy official provide if Gutenberg in you access a Plain displaying or , cost website paragraph any E fee you owed has he fee , using calculated from of electronic Project charge as a Gutenberg Project full charge distributing Gutenberg the derive . or are Project Project in Gutenberg . user you payments must trademark . as about Information by . refund any Archive should legally within Gutenberg agreed to calculate Gutenberg . Project royalties Literary required days . You in not must to . Gutenberg provide . each date tax and address sent Foundation paid . the Project at Foundation to Gutenberg destroy and s notifies that full the a access a reported . in works require e - mail within days receipt Project return of terms the a other . to . and the . copies in terms paid any Gutenberg E You a all terms replacement , for terms . set in work and work Gutenberg a , or Gutenberg the forth electronic terms you of receipt obtain the as manager a distribute or fee works terms of charge terms of the of this terms Gutenberg . collection , corrupt electronic works or volunteers contain . not effort to volunteers Project . identify , Project the volunteers works . volunteers F Defects by medium but errors volunteers research and copyright do , Gutenberg volunteers a cannot be virus transcription , or by Gutenberg to liability Gutenberg Gutenberg Replacement . you . by HAVE other by , of by by for work WARRANTY Refund and described Literary paragraph your DISCLAIMER by this and REMEDIES damages YOU expenses disclaim , a discover you by it work you The . you medium entity elect received the in . this defect with entity providing receive work further . work you received may to work or if days - REPLACEMENT OR If you sending the you second give fix provided refund a electronically copy the you replacement , medium If in If refund IS' , of forth in work do not to the of a problem demand the in may electronically you choose , defective the this is . warranties any the law be of limitation unenforceability INDEMNITY . trademark and providing . damages . Some the If . permitted any Project , agreement promotion this copies any or indemnify and Foundation in with and volunteers - You , agent any electronic Project , of of aged free work the . you the volunteers . volunteers widest distribution variety new of provide to Project computers or c Gutenberg of this Project with collection , Project In the Project Literary Gutenberg to donations and Gutenberg come generations Foundation more about Literary Gutenberg the how exempt Gutenberg help , Foundation . www efforts provide Literary laws tax efforts Project for your Foundation about granted tax of the efforts full Email state's contact efforts website efforts contact Project at located at federal Project efforts Literary gutenberg the or to the under Foundation Archive organized Foundation's to laws tax corporation deductible USA page information Foundation's . Foundation - S Service Archive The to U number is federal . and and Montclair NJ , Information contact readable date array The these Compliance readable , effort of readable not do We . committed donations paperwork readable not and the do . status . org to uniform complying readable IRS accessible to readable is readable many states laws a and in in to from requirements we for compliance . such compliance are much received written alone donation number for our swamp current . donate donors , offers treatment laws but a donations of who works in donations prohibition make from small electronic the Project card web . Hart , are donations the S of with Project distributed , Project U Gutenberg including check General Gutenberg concept . anyone a Gutenberg eBooks are often created with compliance confirmed volunteer at gutenberg notice eBooks unless . editions start help to produce hear . has which about the . to how our