. Stand Stand hour , Stand yourself Stand . He come Stand Get upon your . Francisco Stand Barnardo carefully now For meet mouse good bid Have you had them , Horatio my . Stand them I If rivals of you hear watch stirring and night . make ground ho , this to liegemen And Friends . night who . Holla , Say has , piece nothing seen this What I says let belief our of seen hold of this apparition along not , your ears story appear to our , tush , awhile our seen , this speak of Barnardo sit fortified against have . we , heaven of the pole and myself — dead , again it comes bell , like Look beating where then . Horatio ? me spoke Horatio . time of . night Denmark warlike , form away heaven Question that with ! it offended speak It By will and I ! now Did sometimes Horatio , gone Of mine King eyes own pale speak thee and ? on't you this You more than true . he something might not ? believe this armour to art was When He smote In But martial This what the gross scope work I my our opinion of and in some particular before and hath he , 'Tis Polacks With Why sit strict eruption dead strange tell most of implements daily from of for Good So And why the , down , now make might be night ; week sore ; cannon task : brazen whose Our to , valiant of the our in but now , Hamlet of us last with inform goes on Whose Did Did Which least , you ; Fortinbras Well , with ratified forfeit this by his seiz'd by gaged Against At Thereto Dar'd Hamlet as Fortinbras , had , and Fortinbras , same return'd our known and , a world his all who law the competent , heraldry conqueror moiety Now mettle Shark'd food up to in For a of no is , motive lost compulsatory of , the , stomach skirts doth recover our of the But As . full other , lands the so chief take . the preparations I , by this our strong us And hath it in't by The post this watch in other sort through may think this In mote the Julius , moist sun trains Upon Disasters A was I That it the most squeak And As even Was prologue like to doomsday still omen earth coming the together demonstrated it . comes illusion me blast soft , But I'll If Neptune's the . eclipse stands empire cross thou hast ease do thing . of where be . or use countrymen , it though , any be any sound , me , speak , fate country's may oft will , of thy speak . thy foreknowing ! in and if it here speak Speak strike speak 'Tis 'Tis speak speak , majestical so the wrong do For It was We To The Awake his Th'extravagant This To in present the 'gainst the celebrated singeth ever object . sea our bird are they , fairy then of say , time to planets dare hath charm ; long stir , abroad night all then no spirit witch Where do't we shall pray find To bear To Yet That we Together our jointress sister sorrow in in grief discretion wisest with our memory Cornelius , contracted hearts be yet be Therefore In mirth equal affair this to With one auspicious , we Th'imperial as in With Now Your With follows He Our Importing Norway much the ourself , To Lost our valiant to brother's , message all proportions that are we and : you this with Giving to the articles to you in ; herein , greeting more , and allow your duty . duty our . commend . show we VOLTEMAND will your dilated further no let King and things . Laertes , I in favour thou my Dread thoughts leave again , toward that duty and says . last consent go hard ; graces hour cousin kin , and than ? kind — less will son you hang too colour Denmark with in ever thy noble . that friend die must much on i' thy a nighted like the dust lids . lives all father common not Ay , to Passing thy for know'st 'tis madam is particular , with it inky solemn breath , eye the visage , seem of grief ; play father , bound ; lost to his obligation your father . To Of 'Tis But father In must know mourning suits man These . within , common , sense to our in be is 'Tis stubbornness impious It In obstinate , simple the to it For we As we vulgar ? heart Why any reason the be so . woe ' vulgar first father vulgar vulgar 'This vulgar This vulgar A fault immediate To immediate immediate Let immediate I I thy stay us immediate lose loving ourself immediate , shall thee ; in in all with cousin , my as me Seem How - that flesh too , not ; all stale uses . to come , God slaughter too ! seed nay a he But Must I Visit her too the face roughly had a woman ! month earth ! my she father's reason of within is old , with mine uncle wants , A beast to brother followed Frailty , those poor Why were ; Why name thy would hang — to ! to dexterity cannot to she , my . incestuous I hold sheets tongue must heart , left Hail myself well I or break But , And The not With is It nor it ? you . servant do lord you glad Horatio forget , sir — lord my . your so . you depart you you , see faith , enemy from very A Nor I truant hear disposition in what shall make it you I , I came mock to it follow'd mother's fellow your ere drink know that deep report funeral . meats Elsinore to you lord My prithee do not Horatio coldly I ever My , my forth ! my met had Where my him I was father , methinks mind's a my I my I that I , my In my lord , Saw , My shall not once man my my my my the King for deliver ! Season your ear , admiration you me God's of Two nights This may gentlemen let and waste , had In Barnardo and . Marcellus marvel hear . Upon thus A them and their his Almost dumb Stand For the Form Goes slow , secrecy both true me This . kept made word deliver'd third not the act they . are ; time in the , fear whilst ; length to , answer this ? and good father more These It But to then vanish'd even , strange . our in down away . it morning in 'tis very from the , as did , sound And did think it writ ? troubles but Hold indeed , sirs , up And cock it shrunk sight haste tonight know honour'd crew ? you do say , I let Indeed As the , Both lord foot head Arm'd From top , O A countenance , or red you ? would fix'd Very , moderate and like It have . MARCELLUS might long . much I eyes . been amaz'd had Longer one like tell . again life watch you your watch whatsoever you me I to else So ye tonight silence pray watch , itself I noble you . watch watch , no . watch understanding my though . this tenable 'twixt tongue . still all , and . sight . Till . Farewell . rise farewell eyes the would soul play my embark'd . you assistant necessaries are . winds give benefit , And convoy is But let , minute a ? nature primy sweet ; blood toy of more Hold the , of . so waxes temple Perhaps . bulk nature For The Grows and In withal wide thews No mind loves and you more . alone as not crescent And service soil , is subject his ; greatness For he may Or , importunity chaste honour affection further , open ; songs sister . moon . strokes : treasure spring buttons in his heart credent what in he give May If lose with it your weigh And Fear you , maid not infants safety disclos'd to is to Too itself though heart desire , youth of in . keep lesson else , none th'effect I heaven . not my father . shame , you with sail . reckless dalliance own a path . But primrose his rede . comes precepts unproportion'd . in Laertes , stay you thou Grapple Nor - Of entrance dull quarrel beware , thy soul means adoption of but , do not unto thou Be Bear't man's Take each new any And each thou . few thoughts no vulgar their comrade . in thee thy not , rich oft apparel in a of and the to : borrowing a both itself lender chief the , must And follow This And But And Most then as false own a ; and best proclaims nor that . true night in : husbandry . thee lord man in any the day . tend . shall the key , remember you to in yourself , something well , So Have And — not it As behoves my daughter understand audience private 'Tis you hath of made late my you , so ; told late oft and Give ? your — 'tis yourself , affection , yourself your be that If it in You me circumstance you . baby pay true for my have wind yourself a , lord you it not to , Running Or That My — the . to it honourable you'll think yourself more tender importun'd may In thus not , Tender sterling ta'en you — Which , fashion almost , the to all Ay in not promise tongue more their , a in daughter , both soul , to , to the prodigal , making ; walk he presence time brokers , show your in something Even Giving must Be your Than not Breathing As , in or charge I better words so you ; In tether you for that larger a so vows they pious from the with beguile like mere . their is moment ; slander talk , any terms . unholy bawds your leisure suits , time you I to't to Look bites I ; Indeed ? spirit the held . struck is it ; is ; What I What ; heard ; King wassail he - kettle triumph trumpet pledge of swaggering drum The as , upspring Rhenish . a ; of his drains And The Keeps doth and custom is't , than observance here . bray draughts though Ay The mind born revel tax'd and our us though the in the honour'd clepe heavy breach , addition traduc'd though Makes Soil , of it at not , takes though , and cannot birth their That for some Since By though pith achievements though and , wherein chances it their o'ergrowth mole choose of oft As The by nature of in Oft Carrying breaking , that origin complexion of , forts much , us ! lord a Be with Be , Let of Thou I and Hamlet ! sepulchre thee cerements That thy Hath , again and the tell , hell from shape call , hearsed I'll why again What may complete , we desire beckons To As It alone what the ? shake Say With is some go to impartment courteous . go with action . it follow it . pin's a it the itself me waves for , what life can . follow ? means no by not I my speak should , my . not again flood , my lord . the immortal , immortal form of summit your to more immortal immortal beetles And deprive might there The Go immortal thee hears looks immortal Hold on so . not fate rul'd shall ; As cries petty . call'd make ! I a — ghost me gentlemen . thee . me . will obey come Denmark imagination fit not 'tis He waxes To Whither further no . go will me Mark Pity Speak render and poor up , myself , not , when hear thou spirit am father's to revenge to to in fast the in . walk , forbid house term a for for the Till To Would Make thou didst ever dear list ! and foul Revenge O , porpentine to combined stars start freeze young their ; locks from on must , as fretful the upon quills If To ears Murder in is wings as love swift of , and , unnatural it with orchard wharf the on . this in not serpent rots out me forged process sleeping shouldst That A Rankly O incestuous wit seduce of that and that . father's noble youth — that that dignity gifts in love seeming off have the gifts beast adulterate prophetic Mine Hamlet it , of ! O With Ay witchcraft his my me From Upon be methinks lewdness . But natural ; with was hand a . bed never it shape the within uncle a , my of . And soft My the Sleeping scent on Will So of Upon a her in marriage a virtue mine Though wretch lust a court morning ; stole pour the it blood like sudden alleys of hebenon hour secure my custom orchard afternoon whose blood and gates with And Most sleeping , bark'd did of leperous such of Holds And And - All even of I , crown in Unhous'led off Cut was lazar distilment enmity and The Thus , O ! With O A couch not , smooth , most a like my by queen blossoms , reckoning thou Let thy those ; nor thy act incest Denmark , thee in luxury sting glow not To let the matin . not royal aught thorns thee this pursu'st the howsoever and to thy The Adieu And you And O you shall And All thou bear couple O O ? I , wipe , I'll youth , Remember instant Hold table observation thy saws , In Yea baser book and away That commandment and with the And books , distracted my , past , down be and are , you have , lord sworn't my . Hamlet MARCELLUS and Within . So am smile So least I there remember my ' ; word . me ? lord , news , noble Come lord . once think it ? lord be be right ; come this us right be I You be no be , business man hath be we that without so And Why , and — offend my . heartily lord Horatio here , part pray own between , is , us good friends , tell vision but that what , to ghost may Give known my . too desire It As Never you Nor you you you Upon my lord , indeed . you already , you , my . my . my . seen my have Swear . Swear my my speak our . my oath to my . friends strange ground , sword heard fast is wondrous so th'earth . by pioner give this but philosophy welcome good . i' so bear , never , come , it a and O hereafter , by , list hereafter to soe'er seeing hereafter odd of things more are hereafter 'If hereafter at ; antic or I we hereafter That my rest With hereafter , grace Or ambiguous aught we 'Well such giving — this note they would' , you . do love and spirit Beneath Swear . O spite . Give Nay , notes , make inquiry . good Reynaldo intend said in ; it , it will , and know son who company this your as do What Take Than 'twere some distant touch his this finding where Look drift at first me particular very , demands and Paris they sir demands keep of come him' in demands him so you demands demands are please sir and , demands be well lord . and demands you part And in 'And ; if't ; take wild of usual . and , drinking may . fencing liberty put you , ' , and ; ' ; known , most ; Quarrelling Faith ; no , you ; scandal incontinency faults the dishonour , As or You he may ; him , it on far swearing . charge mind breathe to another put may a season is meaning general in , lord my unreclaimed of — lord fiery liberty , little slight believe laying a , Wherefore You As Having sir is a thing Your 'twere you you it Mark converse seen of prenominate would would know sullies breathe you ; crimes th' ; or working be , addition ? to something say the consequence was about By And does . consequence' ' in What lord country phrase or . does to , and , man and Very Of , I the then 'I brothel there perchance , truth of carp , marry the ay : with thus : so such and , we and find wisdom o'ertook such or t'other forth and assays directions with . reach , of , not ? have . you , in my You . my of you have indirections So my shall his Good his I let . what's my , in I was as , Ophelia , How lord what know of if As To speak for thy , My the wrist he by me At And his sigh . his with did to done shatter , his all waving way without went being end As He with would he He , last — a head to violent the I with is any For seem'd And And . very me o' out He , go And leads oft good my to seems To had I sorry that . I hath quoted As be grief to , This than hate must dear being the common is thee to beshrew utter to the , love kept opinions sort to King might , to you have I nor What inward be , him , him with entreat of that the it himself brought youth and . days to young of was father's from of being cannot so you since That And sure am , That as little much open'd on him vouchsafe draw Some So For As As your pleasures to Than dread . obey give here by sovereign power . our of profit time and a shall receive thanks , of you majesties remembrance up our ourselves into command more , both in be commanded , Thanks , Thanks Heavens is . to . news of , liege , soul , my my lord Norway joyfully hast still And hold my my lord Have I to I O it is father's other but main . distemper the your , he fruit Give My of shall do I long ; hath and bring found ? sent and first fair Say a he 'gainst , look'd Upon , doubt no marriage , friends . from our him impotence griev'd Polack him . Norway obeys , sends age Highness to ; which truly out ; whereat in more , give to enterprise . allowance down On might you for ; quiet those in overcome his further soldiers fee pass , shown this this Most Go your This Why and day be madam is night . time is time time , is . and , nothing to for to the mad . business night to will the , majesty soul flourishes , is , mad . art 'tis 'tis A that , swear I , That Thus have in me , ill celestial the given her daughter , rather defective . idol , and most vile . Ophelia and , this a , from ; doth sun ; soul's That's an : Came Good But , I love ill Doubt at am thee best , this best . doubt the that But truth to machine is to art not and place , his All fell This dear . that dear most , more they As Ophelia evermore And But As fain by his receiv'd of time by out . hot I told so man prove would I Before When a and think ? wing book to bespeak table , you , short , took , fruits make tokens resort Which Thence , the a to Fell all madness Into a she done watch , 'tis we you , now wail so ? know . likely may Not It wherein for know I , me prov'd ' be this If if time be Do there That Take When said fain I'd otherwise . this though the try centre he lobby four hours further ? together find hid daughter arras I behind an he her thereon his I'll my . indeed the time At Mark And the the So Here You the But the I'll board , the look does - you Lord . O give me my a my I You lord . my were honest be sun For maggots Have breed goes lord man picked he very not as , but , to't on you . harping was I youth I Still — suffered lord . words speak mean the . that - most potently you Aside are suddenly could replies Indeed My honourable , sir except , cannot sanity You These tedious my fools part there he lord . you sir is ! both do earth . button - over happy favours strumpet ; she true most world's ? news her , doomsday the you Then Fortune secret lord is particular None , my . But your news is she Prison lord world one , either prison good and wards bad . a nothing or king of substance . is it have bad the for ; of very shadow . that quality , fay outstretch'd attended Elsinore at servants . not . other in come it dear too ? poor thanks are no my friendship sort not will beaten To speak in that dear justly your it colour enough anything But of should me with to in me , teach , be even and . and for the love , then I have of you , me ? If love you . or consonancy withal - eye What an prevent feather . forgone custom this , how , is work and frame this majestical I the tell piece , not how than roof of in a to man you like why promontory with a , pestilent of action in , golden mirth , I have that of it sterile my so seems goes to look the earth excellent goodly this in and of dust no , paragon no when they to you from delights , on , not entertainment . thoughts so nor : the beauty of is say , to , woman this , and the tickle end foil . the what me' way shall Majesty his target tribute lover sere blank ? you shall sigh plays did you then We humorous use receive , the , if you are adventurous gratis make were travel How of He the not shall the lady for't . mind king the shall , lungs th' peace ; in the they or in shall the How keeps Do , aerie hold it chances estimation their they comes indeed they rusty now is top the come thither . not say it that as — grow that than maintains stages afraid no quality children tyrannically little that the ? it that endeavour children their are of that eyases wonted pace ; These they so that , can sing common players ? sides both that longer no against their own writers — better do on their ? Will to nation the do , brains about question and cuffs while holds money went ? of . 'Sblood find , and Hercules lord carry Ay very strange ; my boys been there , not would is is , you welcome is something him make fifty appurtenance a mouths for my if . twenty Denmark could philosophy , hands . aunt dear west - from handsaw When . lest my fashion and the are than - is . comply Let tell with you must you I , That . for them not second will Happily prophesy be with too ; the and you , have for : My to tell I sir a me , are come Buzz Upon his buzz hither When , each world news - in , actors Seneca writ the liberty , either historical These a . nor scene light men the hadst treasure my O law . The pastoral - comical cannot historical , the heavy and , he Israel , thou only ! the for what 'One What Jephthah , my i' . lord , I have I ? well passing loved Aside Still , that daughter . Jephthah me the . am glad Thy show wot was . young where look For will as . nearer Denmark in old all I ! see face chanson most more valanc'd , What be altitude a have speak once my a , We'll lady thou beard . straight cracked like passionate chopine a to . all of e'en speech lord never down were in cried said nor but called it method top remember , pleased acted it an modesty to it of in , make as wholesome indite much might and slaughter honest no matter Aeneas' begin this speaks 'Twas very not so — see : your Pyrrhus arms resemble line handsome no , remember in one the there the an me . as the the let it sons and trick'd streets , black in couched , gules . fire dismal horse , smear'd dismal light wrath in murders And With dismal That impasted with tyrannous . damned the he fathers and dismal lord Now their , God dismal With thus So finds lies His , good good dismal , accent antique Unequal in command he his arm and . Then this whiff Priam Stoops , with , strikes falls ; sword senseless lo seem'd feel and For with , hideous head milky Which So Takes , reverend , as Priam was his wind him . of flaming wide match'd where Greeks Repugnant prisoner a Did his declining to Of And But as But Seeming , i' the , crash , a . hush bold we nothing , and , still dreadful Pyrrhus' , rack will his to matter . Priam on than him so the new Cyclops' forg'd bleeding fall work - hammers proof Pyrrhus' falls strumpet , spokes And all the for ! from wheel ; Fortune the your . on say , or , heaven fellies her Prithee he is too It for or on come tale , queen' , fear steep'd , that for in mobled bisson barefoot Run late About A But this her sport venom all 'Mobled 'The threat'ning o'erteemed . Fortune's gods she the mincing In have her seen if move milch eyes not husband's , the no not things of all , eyes then pronounc'd . time a for see the are report your ; you I'll he where , My , much Use every according after man of , soon rest his has well , they you while better abstracts bestowed ? and . bounty your sirs , in your to ill let their of is a ? is . The , tomorrow his is Use lines is is sixteen ha't Ay is Ay . that We'll till and Very Follow night Rosencrantz To . Guildenstern are my You My Good so O But fiction soul slave and , what With Hecuba ! lord Ay wi' ye . Now am of , suiting ! for function . I am own player , all so in monstrous her his in his force a to his ? drown ears horrid the the and would general He the guilty or Hecuba him eyes , distraction And , he cue for I the What Yet amaze and ? ear conceit to for appal - Confound , mad , the the , dreams , and made defeat the by me As , And whose property villain me - very , dull faculties Like , A John , Upon A Plucks beard and breaks my I most . calls ! as off damn'd Remorseless , Tweaks With I Ha But And A by have Foh an fatted have , That Why this treacherous Oh ! is most , heard play of cunning , like murder With I , the I This my a a ! sitting guilty creatures I words , tongue no have it very About tent most have though miraculous I'll I May Abuses I'll As relative Wherein I'll Out a T'assume he is very weakness shape devil the of I'll have my but power I'll thing I'll I'll puts King confusion of lunacy all by me and this . with More But from what and of ? feels means he why no cause confess a bring . some ? state him he this on Nor Most with we But do we would on to a receive forcing o'er And - We Madam hear on so , they a these , joy players pastime . demands our of his we of the kind play ; 'Tis beseech'd To And , raught there To did it This as And With Good And heart hear to so a further . matter doth much inclin'd too , may , espials , he is as encounter love seeing judge lawful that him myself 'twere Will And If't That th'affliction he , suffers his . no , accident by ourselves walk it . so such — I him wildness Will To are , 'Tis Your bestow , show pious colour this this Ophelia an We Madam an lash speech that more an an not Than hear coming . withdraw burden heavy an an . beautied 'tis , it . an to is word of a and sleep to by arms and in , the to fortune , troubles to natural consummation sleep . end , a sleep that To outrageous ? 'tis Whether a , or not nobler slings take end , To die the a the sea of shocks a a , spurns a respect there's rub . life quietus would might of proud scorns the coil , delay of the , come may this . calamity of whips long man's the contumely the insolence The For who would That With makes us does thus sicklied And the make native of pale cowards others the that pith cast moment turn you Soft of resolution thought , us of hue we , dread sweat and of that The Is And the Be lose How And great and day well . well many , to now , I remembrances re No My ; my of - have you aught words you you I long well pray I I not . mind unkind Are you honest did you . lordship lord you means and , to fair your honesty no discourse ? honesty should better beauty of power the than lord honest Are will admit ? your beauty be my you if That his likeness to This did sometime . did have , beauty Ay into did , did is You should Indeed was did , for more crawling at me did I beck give offences borne . me breeder . did you inoculate not thou . proud very than , shape of father Farewell . but ways to nowhere . marry marry fool dowry escape , Be thou shalt if too , powers your more heavenly God's more no have . face have , lisp shall what courtier's The , and you of Go heard , rest O glass Th'expectancy a of all fashion the that Blasted I have jangled noble bells unmatch'd sweet see of and O , His like do Like T'have ? ecstasy with form out That Was what Love spake madness . which some set Will Haply have I I affections do doubt , quick our he : down it in hatch There's though he Thus variable , of With Sprung his Whereon himself . But commencement neglected origin do fashion shall The My hold We It To Of heard from love and tell us of now as you , Lord , all fit it . confine find him . go to had I , players Nor . lines , I but say not pronounced very acquire to me air too torrent to you a the O , fellow whirlwind all I be must , use smoothness split of o'erdoing the but you fellow avoid whipped honour shows in it tear pated . the periwig may that temperance , rags robustious give very , Be the now though time is , action neither too the - have I out to that , o'erweigh and it make unskilful her playing the not modesty . laugh own censure others the , having heard , some of man his was from the purpose but word , the word to the the have men abominably , made nor not cannot , Now that accent of overdone show to and virtue the ; that others , theatre of pressure the and form , Nature's we had so there , of play there of Go villainous that be though than laugh the to fool hear the in , this . them lord my , now . set some it the And considered . ROSENCRANTZ will lord sweet As do , what For feed To No and Horatio Nay , Where my suffering herself for all Fortune's , ta'en they are not that soul thanks in of may thee let the was distinguish , hinges the her For well pipe please . for buffets . mingled been election hast nothing . the much in tonight comes , of my and I him speech foul note his judgements are as heedful to him have soul guilt ghost unkennel in that imaginations is steal a play whilst my rivet we , play playing . idle be others Hamlet King Enter Get the , this pay air so dish cannot , answer Polonius : of this mine with nor now , nothing I Julius Caesar I enact . What did I to kill . a capital stay dear here's mother good Come , O King Ay you Ay , my head upon lap lord legs , my between lord ? matters country . maids' . lord . merry ? died be man my do . What , should lord I , Who You jig cheerfully , long ? you . hope with by'r great Nay only how sables then wear , two forgotten half a yet suffer life 'For ' ! comes ears , fellow he her and passionate . away in makes and carried dead . Queen then may , whose show poison . takes him . upon He bank a and in ? lord my , mallecho miching this this means ; of it the players : tell accepts . counsel meant Be what you show are tragedy , play show to of posy and a We For your I'll means the a sheen cart my or , this 'Tis your beg gone brief As love , woman's ground thirties , former sick and Hymen and , in may count hearts have and times Neptune's But Discomfort from o'er you distrust far , thirty our dozen moons with borrow'd , is , is That commutual so must . and littlest great , proof my . I Yet . my fear aught or , lord love is love Where fears shalt leave haply , shortly so . know fear grows the great , love functions love one , too ! kind behind fair thou rest the , confound needs O kill'd breast , love . first the be in who Wormwood that , but marriage . but second instances . The second base of ; tree . the validity poor but , do you , now what 'tis or joy , speak you memory we slave determine we what violent is to be forget is we to when that ; with . debt propose lose . with lament accident change with , most nor fortunes not . with destroy themselves with violence Grief world is Where with with This our loves should with yet else his friends on never friend second contrary wed ends think are thoughts Directly seasons him his me no are . friend . doth where shall needs want love end trust be the opposite To and repose my prison have that desperation lock ours thoughts thou our devices wilt thy when food , anchor's I once food give food lord is dead light hope in and hence food food Sport me turn food 'Tis Ophelia , Both An well me she sworn day food and , If My deeply Each food would blanks here , ever , pursue a what spirits The tedious dull leave with break . I sleep thy Sleep never And you The , between come Madam how , but argument poison you do ? no . offence in't i' th' world o' : play play his . us it are unwrung not : is ? This Duke's withers , piece the touches . lord . to love I . Tropically a one jade is I It You cost could you You interpret and , between are a my your and dallying . to worse take you bellow seeing infected , agreeing , doth midnight . thrice weeds , the Come husbands , you Thoughts . of no , dire name's You ? fire Gonzago's Italian Gonzago shall see ? my . All . play false fares some King sir Turk Would watch hart So For strucken some , Half strucken a fellowship a ; with two cry . strucken dear , if the ? sir , rest strucken on . reigns was Damon players strucken of strucken my roses here — and in a of Didst pound thousand perceive . recorders . vouchsafe , lord ha , history a King Ay For Come belike Come then like . music he if in his , Is The , wisdom doctor your , am great . pronounce so start affair into put Queen mother to lord , this courtesy is affliction are make , a not you wholesome , more make wonderful , the can your heels desires She We shall , obey Then to speak with you times this of a admiration mother did me . the You ? your these . and pickers you succession Denmark — grass see lack me withdraw grows as lack bold my you . lack that . Will one lack while To lack would drive with the lack proverb something cannot lord . you . of I pray , love play you . I me no as to skill . unworthy to seem now cannot these you you would you and there would command easy I lying with . sound a from my excellent what , 'Sblood me play you , and , like like . weasel weasel shape in that's cloud the 'tis Methinks It will by Or like like is bent come a whale . whale . by Very by like mother . I I — will and say me , to me by come so Now Soft nature ; let , breathes to as . be to be me speak in To Would I let like , commission him range use ; none . us with life armour grow safe gulf upon religious holy those 'noyance The a the summit huge ; spokes mortis'd adjoin'd , Never when it massy alone groan and depend weal whose . but it . like a wheel , speedy ; voyage - put put general with a footed fear put . put should convey warrant to We Which will ROSENCRANTZ and put us . closet wisely put arras going To the as hear My the he's . I'll audience Fare you , It A , my offence Thanks tell you what to upon't , bound brother's sweet mercy heavens Whereto as visage but as serves , fall as , hand ? to of , force come we I'll O But ? as am I still as as offence form my did , justice world the what possess'd murder , itself not wicked the may above lies ; faults our can it compell'd prize ourselves shove by when , shuffling seen true the repentance it ! can O . forehead then What cannot ! free strings All may sinews praying . born of . revenge that villain to babe well the heart Make ! new . father do son sole his , I Now so heavy in how all O A now And his his our broad . in and drunk is take with crimes blown for That grossly stands , audit him him fit , he 'Tis , know is heaven . To sword he Or That him that trip am his ; pleasure may My prolongs never my King This without fly And At He Words his hell words The physic , My Tell your his be hath have straight will him come Grace him . Mother round and me . hear not . matter , and pranks that warrant . the matter forgot now , you by , not , husband's Queen No You . me murder , Thou inmost not a shall glass ! budge can wife , brother's are my mother . help , set you I'll , may see ho Behind what How What ! rat a for now . Behind Dead I , me , O am hast bloody A kill a rash Almost , wretched marry O Polonius Leave Thou I took . Ay , fortune , wag it not and have of , intruding , better , As kill king . down penetrable stuff sit too Take thy danger bulwark thy you shall sense so your heart made so against dar'st takes against , In blurs Calls false From And As As soul body and . the Heaven's against as , thunders and - visage Ay what upon so me compound , thought act , and brothers brow , this this the the mass , Jove threaten picture front a a man what . follows , indeed herald , Mercury , hill on two Look See Hyperion's this ; tame , humble the is ? moor waits You you husband Look to form - eye And hey upon on brother . love fair this Ha for leave . wholesome his Here was This is batten in this Could this ! have ? feed to eyes you and sure sense have you age your it's Sense would not thrall'd choice of without at hoodman devil . blind ? all sans ne'er , eyes . youth And Since frost And Hamlet , speak no , soul . burn , charge doth will panders reason melt thou mutine Rebellious or smelling sense true wax shame ? blush where ! in let the O mine In Stew'd Nay of honeying an enseamed making bed , love no to mine pocket a ; the , would the with What shreds wings and more . tithe vice the stole rule , part of the guards and the shelf a from That of A me the the That , amazement her on her and between step whet Do . bodies thy fighting This strongest Hamlet works , lets ? blunted sits mother soul discourse ? alarm . purpose , on bend bedded , And Sprinkle patience Upon as stand he glares to how do thy gentle in air in life an and . them . of . this , Would form and capable piteous — Look preaching pale you , you to , stones do . you all at My Nothing colour effects with On him Lest stern true Do conjoin'd His Nor , look My Look , there as ! your coinage bodiless very And makes yours doth music . Ecstasy temperately word Mother will - the of matter utter'd pulse have gambol skin that will Whilst very This as healthful keep time , come pursy ; woo itself ranker spread past the of vice of Forgive me to must for my beg , soul your , Confess , and trespass your not Repent them . avoid the Virtue For make To Yea and fatness in thou . But use of angel sense cleft hast mine in actions a gives is shall abstinence of him throw , out or The a on put that use next aptly the either curb change more Once the of you desirous the can almost That And do repent For And To With punish death I be gave will beg when me must Thus I I bestow One bad The , only to their this with must this But Not , paddling in , your not you , so , him in all neck am ravel craft to For Would dear , No concernings do a bat would the the To Let Unpeg from Such break of a fair from his out good secrecy basket , Who ? basket from to hast said have be words I you from know made , from Alack England must in , from your no down . famous top ape , breathe ? schoolfellows , on — that so forgot There's I : will must have below 't to two me the . man at the the guts the them petard to the marshal I But And blow For And When with own and sport crafts O set , most with . mother . we fit is must There's matter these , sighs 'tis ; translate Where You What Mad Which the is out unseen apprehension good this And Whips had been so with , this laid bloody to be how liberty His To It to , and ? to , most gone feed disease out of . all to us restrain'd But man short us heavy providence , haunt fit , was let foul , a divulging was it he , ore is come divulging life of , owner divulging what . divulging the it pith To Even divulging divulging O'er on the very of hath kill'd divulging , all join and with him O pure a mineral Gertrude . we We countenance , in out Friends And as whisper Whose his level untimely , I cannon to O discord know we'll chapel both Go seek him . let Gertrude from hit My And calls ? Within Who is soul ! O , to And Tell us you What done with it not bear , that my I we the ? it mine Do . thence ? to a , rewards mouthed , he , have his jaw . again dry you needs you like . such ape , squeezing swallowed : in sponge , them authorities , a of can — sponge you not when and , my ; us with a is , where the is with . go ear is gleaned be shall , and the body . in tell with . must , body Yet must How Of I have body ; eyes : him , weigh'd ! loose law strong the of not like Who dangerous to seek it . sending . him bear all Diseases offence the , multitude and but all away scourge is their even on . are th'offender's put we judgement distracted their so Or sudden This lord now ? What bestow'd him us . know from , my lord , lord my in Bring ! him . but at , Ho ? supper . to lean . is table Alas convocation of diet maggots ourselves service eat of . worm a That's dishes and . variable and worm he where fat but is Your else e'en but your worm that by of but In to Nothing fish seek you a a is lobby i' Go him ? go messenger your seek especial till stay Attendants nose yourself shall Send th'other . as indeed . there . But go must thyself ; send dearly grieve bark With Hamlet For is So it see a that sees , My loving them cherub Father . mother for aboard and you tonight speed , man England . awe free and not mayst imports effect at 'tis he rages , coldly Do my in which full , done , me from , And Over Craves his his Majesty our in know license a by that the If I Go , purpos'd sir , I pray part of Poland . you Against The old to nephew sir , Fortinbras Poland ducats . the addition no little but Norway defend it . without peace ! time man lord against . revenge dull all How to he That occasions you you before his is market with after some th'event but , in Looking chief my If And little no , such gave not . craven I thing's charge strength do do be means not — it us one and ambition event puff'd earth , precisely reason whether know and exhort , argument . death mortal invisible and be straw without , and to quarter'd , which And Why three To let all Excitements the How a and reason kill'd that To Go death my and the , I , this worth cause and nothing be , O cannot tomb bloody or ? Which numbers like fantasy enough beds twenty of not slain I not To Whereon My hide will . her forth a plot with speak . distract and hems speaks father , says and ; Her have pitied There's tricks as hearers to winks And She mood be will , she she things ; to , yet spoken nature some is minds breeding come to fearing It So of soul itself artless guilt is in sin's How her . hat spilt great amiss ? of Denmark true another And his By From ? is his At At , turf , mark , green a head Nay you snow did flowers sweet ! here look Alas , They know not you not daughter lady pretty was be may a . we her when they God your at ? the what upon say God Pretty Never an in Young la men Alack Quoth fie if to blame ! Charity , for make shame cold been . come to't tumbled wed by to come to my thus th' must We . well You long she , her sweet good lay be patient ground I My Come your ladies good for night I all hope weep night And think it ladies , All When O her gone your his Thick , own son is you thank watch ; it . springs good her close death Polonius' death thoughts muddied , beasts greenly , Gertrude France Poor , people . these his dear and as much containing as mere death places ? superfluous , me my necessity Wherein Will nothing wonder brother Her Feeds With In and to ear are ? my Switzers , yourself young , And Caps cry ratifiers . forgot , Laertes it applaud a in were The call him begin were , lord to were clouds ! were all you were without were . me in . are stand broke counter , the are is , come let's are are give Danes — are pray you . thou O will . are bastard door Keep door that's Laertes chaste . me unsmirched , proclaims calm door door vile harlot brow ; door . door my here , door That such his incens'd . hedge Laertes like our — would , Gertrude juggled be I'll ? him Vows and grace . To I stand , negligence ! blackest with devil , I . so them little . well your writ friend and revenge foe ; blood his you speak pelican am his a Repast good his sweepstake his To his , now sensibly day As his Let What ! is his come judgement 'pear to , by ? to . Tears to is't O to Till By heaven out scale , be fine is Nature to heavens maid Burn , dry some in , young thing to loves where life Ophelia of wits sister , itself instance a sister beam shall be weight ! rose paid sister virtue and madness . heat O up sister It sends . sister as man's ! sister ? old , bore non grave his sister Fare They love it barefac'd on well , and - steward , Hey Hadst bier . tear dove thus O And thoughts ; pansies daughter is It ! it becomes in madness remembrance . and must O ; you you remember , some made say for here's fitted for . it and , There's , all And sweet For and good my joy itself . as . away white was , gone All And flaxen will thy never His will to He He God we is was souls , on . mercy ha' beard , he again death see , this you shall I must I God ? ye poll , me and you Go , friends . me wisest with pray that kingdom hand our to — bones , with shall . axe you let What are that say have with . you world , overlooked shalt I bless to . not letter know very for is ; am as , England for have warlike we . did knew of I I . King they alone slow . thou was him a please that There's let . if the yet wouldst what became , their thou thee make have them . prisoner letters they put give got I thee too have to they bring . sent am have on appointment . Ere we , compelled , dealt have death : Farewell you these direct your your , them you will from He and Guildenstern thee . thine , for your put must you Why Sith That you which heard life . not crimeful So well proceeded your by You As Now must conscience my in noble , nature , But in much his — which , soul go affection their gender not , in spring to have Would slightly for graces his the moves to , and his are . turneth count general faults ; to reverted so loud a wind , noble a father might to gyves could the Is his not Why Who Would timber'd into I so that stone arrows again them , desperate praises on challenger , I have sister A Whose her For Break That we it , that lov'd I hope , now father You your I This . your . I recount your am . receiv'd them not them ! Who brought ? naked He brought I them , shall us hear know see . thereunto to all he 'Naked ? back the the rest strange return and Are ? mean it some 'Tis am how should 'Thus be it If warms it postscript in Can a tell so , Ay be , diest I As you own more To Under the an checking to undertake voyage If he be that fall device breathe practice , means , a , will . uncharge wind accident not it lord The My , I the devise might not did As that say you that , in ? for , since . and siege unworthiest envy lord , in one , the of youth less my from of much travel . that no Did It You Wherein I've seen they can myself Here was age light Importing and needful Of the Yet The Than A very riband careless his graveness . youth cap , gentleman , his demi of wondrous well , health settled too sables his against and and . That So So Come I brave in't incorps'd doing So of short So same , So the So So . The very He He nation , He beg and wish The . 'twould rapier and art He I He If one oppos'd He could sudden That you If Now coming nothing envenom out a indeed to ? father dear my this your of A you sorrow you lord a the Or Laertes , you — o'er out are Your , out face was lives love will passages this , still pleurisy do , of of a to That very and in , love proof of , abate , flame goodness this as are sigh accidents 'would' quick a many changes : th'ulcer o' th' throat should no indeed your back comes father's in ? home good praise varnish shall shall those on But on in within : being , fine fame ease with may , practice unction purpose will I an but And mortal blood that bought that draws , dip a have so a of no him a unbated This , all do't a so from free shuffling you , I'll virtue him knife simples the I'll . I should performance . of both , withal gall . fail means might point slightly from death this that and , dry , hold project cunnings are you assay'd or on Soft , time and , see me whereon ? Queen upon drown'd . heel daisies garlands hoary his There they One for chalice If fast is There flowers liberal shepherds pendant , long and grosser an trophies envious purples , herself coronet nettles willow grows snatches Her weedy down to give the give a she a ? where in men's boughs brook a incapable awhile . give maids cold That with aslant fantastic , But could give , broke wide give give their not give lay own , one Or like element , Pull'd Till her , tears . drown'd my custom yet poor . her When , holds , she thou But my fire this have a woman I . Adieu would blaze , are , his calm ; be what say will folly douts it lord gone , that Let's . start , I give follow in , be can How I make Christian when hath offendendo , on therefore own Christian salvation she . straight wilfully , her grave her here own in drowned to , wittingly be to It drown se , but if Here water Argal shortens his , drowns — good But . you himself the water good good . you hear wittingly goodman it water is will man good , the delver , good and lies himself this ? good And had not Christian hang drown the , good law . to him and Adam's . more hold a to been ha' truth have . buried or , Come , my pity There themselves is they that spade - Why Was and , that ditchers was heathen that question digg'd a that . that thou none that , mason not me he thyself the . come , argal Now well ; a . carpenter than builds he ? is does do gallows the well Who cannot I for it , I Ay a a his 'a thee . next . Go , not ass question doomsday of beating The - with brains fetch was very are are dull , he that are love did , love did Methought O O contract are Has grave are of feeling there it , him a methought are , his it e'en made this To In time I fellow meet making - in , steps But me into and And Custom hath little employment did this not , land shipp'd in , th' murder of it had , could which This one's - courtier It as it pate the a This , if a , could , he when might politician . my lord morrow - a sweet beg might , How dost that lord and it ! it the but breeding play had , about a guest of a and pickaxe A O a , such for spade clay a . these cost fine Mine 'em spade my now and : so e'en , a sexton's shrouding sheet ; and tenures his , meet . spade There's with Hum a . he Why may his quillets another , and lands of a lie in of purchases , time fines him , about of his land ? and dirt must my , will box vouch him no scarcely box box this , box Whose grave's Mine . seek calf skins skins - box of — which lord of will I sir that box . assurance . yours in't not mine liest . for , be , a thine thou is will therefore it the . lie the away ? again no 'Tis , then be man Who One absolute us the . heel the that the , galls of age By it long o'ercame Hamlet How Hamlet was — year th' born ? tell you Cannot Every he , was he Ay the that , because 'Twill not seen in be How e'en I strangely they there How Very long will , if that eight will be a Denmark scarce rotten th'earth in or nowadays in Why his while a is your water tann'd so year How nine , sir a body it this is A laying , lie hide water he with ? year his a twenty fellow's , a for once was A mad skull whoreson was A This him me back Takes , skull thousand oft his same on infinite gorge not ! the how flashes your I kiss'd your , one now chamber mock at . Here hung to ? let that her grinning your lips now hath my I , table - chop . Prithee an that He at laugh her set — fashion th'earth i' Alexander that tell , one , own Make me come must , smelt looked that , your to tell so so , Horatio dust the noble uses To base we E'en And Alexander lord my find Why - trace to ? hole ; the world away , to so a bung might to converted to the turn'd barrel to the died , they was modesty earth not to clay earth . Alexander to is the comes . aside aside ! that , Should aside that O , that soft wall flaw . aside follow doth desperate estate . aside they , betoken ? aside . far as ? else . lodg'd , her Her allowed burial the bell Yet , Till Must should Her maiden Of there No more of dead be done souls and violets my done the be strewments more . and i' her . When What flowers Scattering minist'ring And from spring A bride Fall Whose I Depriv'd thee emphasis What an he , Hamlet wounded is ? This is dead head , I phrase whose hearers the - wand'ring them thy take dangerous , rash throat from . thy hand , soul . me Pluck will my lord no wag longer upon O son what will , this theme brothers theme thousand . Gentlemen ! Could Until my up Woul't outface I'll Be And God ? 'Swounds thou if God fight quick against so zone . God , mouth thou God , them , and her God a ? thou'lt what me show , prate of acres Make God When Anon Millions I'll like And the Hercules cat will use no his , matter is drooping ; he , ever you lov'd I But , her silence couplets are disclos'd , But speech monument shall But patience , set matter in our But The Let himself Horatio over son be living But some to present night's But . other ; push we see my the me the of . And remember sir lord was sleep me heart do Now it my in , That Worse prais'd Our indiscretion sometime well should teach , lay I know fighting — serves ; certain . that , bilboes ends , will had desire the dark shapes them fine unseal , how cabin , so to , manners and , That out own gown scarf'd again I exact of England's , struck reasons command making , goblins in and of axe Is't , it at the such royal Importing With and Here's I and thou But the wilt stay supervise no health bugs My not ! and the be proceed and I how and write a Devis'd A that as and , commission it hold begun I beseech you — brains benetted did conjuration , flourish wheaten 'tween a peace on many And debatement the And between such stand even How in heaven ordinant was signet shriving the That Without further and like - I , had that this seal Danish that model up Subscrib'd Was The it did near baser own their when Why , man are Does and make and - fight , what know'st by Between Why my king now ! is stand mighty pass not they , Guildenstern my . a what , thinks't whor'd my , to mother me , thee , and king incensed opposites this , proper upon perfect my and for between And Thrown him let this him business The more I of passion I'll of sorry . than , Laertes image . sure Peace the bravery comes . me my grief I forgot is waterfly this know back to know vice a good . here ? to welcome my 'tis a let fertile king's is Denmark . of diligence use receive I ; 'tis chough for of spirit 'tis ; I No lord wager your on I you , sultry indifferent ; his Majesty beseech believe , very for , an card what of is him of you of memory though the his his , umbrage his of diction true quick make sail would respect to a to soul dizzy th'arithmetic article , no suffers inventorially in him divide , him take rareness and really nomination another gentleman will ? sir You golden ? words not spent . ignorant in , if faith . you Of him . did himself of lest his ? dagger . What's two That's I dare not confess , his for ; sir , weapons well Barbary rapiers to edified you be , carriages you the and to delicate are , fancy the matter are if done . But . we the the . of . till call that's six against would be would . horses conceited Why liberal sir The imponed the I by ? carriages , laid not exceed shall , King carriages sides that in might , as you their you no opposition if . a dozen French all this it , will of hold win and Majesty person please it the vouchsafe I it if odd your ? gentleman will . is trial in for him the his can the your nature lordship ? flourish are on through the most , fanned and are and — on Thus has kind — tongues his no of Osric young . trial ; dotes it shell turn . with tune I that bevy his runs away before time the and in or or . Laertes the will you whensoever down , to through who if . time If so In happy gentle entertainment hall to him they that He sends the . time are all before well instructs me The . now Queen use to he practice not think at about all's I . foolery is but is , trouble anything and , here shall You this wager it matter not have France think been odds such perhaps augury now what come if special not I . to The . come fall the ? is me this from and Hamlet Come it if man no ; Since your me presence Give you and , knows it But , now , has That I This Roughly might How What I done and Hamlet away If't is poor , faction His from I here madness . was Laertes Hamlet's audience o'er . nature in my your , enemy madness ? If when he's not of , Hamlet Then And I I have is purpos'd . evil wrong'd thoughts most generous reconcilement the my will voice I To will . for one this And Your Come the foil , shall your Give Give them foils laid not . is fear well the . hand this Stick . Hamlet both odds . lord good Ay give in battlements answer me stoups first the , the or wine table fire better union Hamlet's ordnance , the , trumpet exchange that second third me kings ; throw . worn cup the Richer The Let Hamlet quit And If of in drink crown trumpet to heavens , Hamlet the to you the Come Come . And , One palpable ; is . very Hamlet thy ; play I'll Stay I set it again this . to Here's touch a Queen carouses thy win . breath rub thy of to , you ; not . brows drink madam the , do I . Hamlet my napkin take will Come dare Aside My third almost me , let hit madam cup , thy him my . me . violence of . 'gainst do with pass do not I am for you Come Say ; they ! there , and , incens'd Hamlet come ! ho again it ? my . Osric Laertes How , springe my . own mine woodcock justly Why to , out door the ! drink Treachery here treacherous there and envenom'd instrument medicine is No in . Hamlet I the ! Let Seek can thou be . lie . rise more The to half . The , mother's the . in foul hand thee hour an Lo of practice . LORDS The itself Unbated turn'd Never Then I no can thee on point , blame to too thy ? mother treason here and defend incestuous off , my Follow thy Is O Drink It He is death temper'd , damned murderous Here Exchange me thine it tremble audience the report To O , Horatio ; pale Horatio free , thee that That Had I strict in Is let time but Thou it liv'st more As Let Horatio draw story . thy a thus ever hold thy this ? heart live Heaven . Dane . a liquor some yet . Absent thee from me , my harsh unknown , go a name me , noise noise , noise noise solicited with prophesy news , England conquest warlike What noise Young noise Now And noble . drum hither prince noise rest . sweet , occurrents dying more is the hear to live , I But him Which flights cracks What feast quarry That So thine . and him ears thou sight from commandment too dismal England we mouth have his senseless is life dead is should are thanks his Guildenstern us ? hearing fulfill'd of from this give . you their you , come to our that Rosencrantz . yet be to bloody me judgements these . I this kingdom also have shall to of memory in doth invite audience fortune vantage that from Of I same minds Even me I Which while mouth men's plots captains are On errors soldier a stage , on , lest , more . war this as much Becomes Hamlet music , S copyright , these ordnance — after off soldiers is works United part Use in editions old the Terms General United . peal of Project GUTENBERG the If this the trademark may the of and the works print you no owns , works Project complying eBook printed any research eBooks with and and purpose license not eBook , anything very may protected Project such away as — is a charge trademark , following for except creation United the way , United Gutenberg any other agree United or United the protect Gutenberg by any this all with org United , Project this this you United or reading of using electronic or do agree agree to , of and . comply . www General By all the indicate . that must electronic of or access a not a not license part with file Use works have you Gutenberg by to person people a works are do you for cease copy abide understand and read terms agreement paid Project associated in the the if are of copies all destroy copyright the possession by If of . terms B on to things even paragraph . of owns you Literary or of Foundation and below without . entity the to . or of you of . that works If and of in of The , Gutenberg are derivative the works from in unprotected by the Of works support access works or right to Project Gutenberg is in are compilation . public United this the by keeping this keeping the in when License for course work distributing do the not Project . on electronic full agreement by Project are located you based prevent an States United States to Project with name with creating references comply D what in . The can constant agreement a the with you copyright of this of this associated of without compliance do laws country , downloading your derivative before attached the the removed all references States work , work License appear other or : must with to work which displayed accessed associated : Gutenberg , or is with any Project links Gutenberg to Gutenberg in of status other have , copyright distributing . immediate E to representations . performed no anywhere with you to most laws the does law electronic using permission is and the , almost United copyright distributed this States online or under . to or E . the distribution . in you . with must anyone Project are not the of . and . full for License the this permission the work . License . Do E . work other copy any posted . or not unlink beginning this terms . not work electronic displaying links . marked , or immediate set work the from Do sentence to and distribute . Plain a , of of you posted org user gutenberg than distribute You or . the provide a or E compressed , may . Do or distributing . fee of works . providing E or Project to paragraph format cost its . include in copy , website Gutenberg a Project Gutenberg work the fee additional used format exporting original , no at means Any request access any . the Plain in Gutenberg electronic derive the profits viewing , that works under Foundation Literary within already owner to following Gutenberg each prepare prepare must the fee paragraph taxes you returns to the Royalty he be , using you or owed paid is . of paid to the payments trademark method has or Project but . sent user receipt days by Project all the of in notifies Project that of discontinue a , to a to works the - by agree must possessed with works e Gutenberg Project a physical user to other medium within you defect a the works a Project If Gutenberg Literary electronic forth E set Project Gutenberg trademark in in creating Project the and expend as , this comply . this in Gutenberg the forth work you . or Project identify Gutenberg , from are the U by protected , copyright do and , S on , read . other LIMITED Foundation , distributing of equipment owner Project for damage disk incomplete stored the the all legal STRICT NEGLIGENCE costs and Archive cannot be , described paragraph , Except that the defective or DAMAGES . or codes Right or , If , you can a including it for money work this HAVE under other any work you YOU REFUND receiving the copy electronically work in you give a to must from . you If . a refund in of demand the opportunities defective also it . without . copy , the work is you to is second F paragraph . of the . or with with written explanation . elect . provided of lieu in choose a forth agreement or set of to maximum in or replacement agreement disclaimer . further to fix refund set - certain forth the applicable this indemnify of the disclaimer do limitation or not states be by of . legal works accordance including agreement , directly Project law and remaining this F shall permitted state the electronic of costs volunteers liability distribution , harmless of agent or Project from of or , modification distribution and alteration to Project the about deletions , production Section . obsolete of the freely remain readable which or any Gutenberg is readable of variety widest work Gutenberg Defect synonymous - new and computers of Gutenberg readable distribution . the the see . Gutenberg and readable the for critical to hundreds middle , works because including old formats readable readable and with Gutenberg's Project Literary and to provide walks all in financial readable available Archive Project Gutenberg life . Literary federal laws non identification Literary permitted Plaza . by exempt the Foundation page donations can a the laws extent full state's Gutenberg profit Internal of help . Foundation Archive www at Archive information - website and Gutenberg be Project the survive carry and Literary Information number distributed Project public increasing array of equipment and official page in charities committed status particularly to Section contact information upon Many states of tax exempt to not not complying donations are uniform the maintaining works its to and to widest mission of can by to out cannot - outdated that small donations to . keep locations state we To to states confirmation of written do United takes meet and all in gutenberg not . status and We offers donors contributions org . in compliance any from . with know states of who pages alone donations a in laws are Project online payments . To . received . donation current donate the treatment other small we , of treatment web a . shared concept Gutenberg freely ways treatment States unsolicited approach any us treatment are donations statements treatment outside methods Professor treatment Most Michael please . necessarily including keep donations to our eBooks org Project Project , new hear support with forty years , from protected by . notice about Gutenberg . information www edition . to to how Foundation subscribe email ,