now You struck For this 'Tis much relief And had mouse quiet at heart . bitter 'Tis bed cold , Francisco , stirring ? hour guard . Well Not Horatio , sick Marcellus . is Who . bid who night hath reliev'd you Give you soldier , A , Barnardo this What . Welcome Marcellus our us With , your , tush , Tush And this will Touching He the seen hold , us of , entreated take of again we of night from the , t'illume that's Barnardo , westward Last us Well That And What hear then same , When break Had made down , speak all . Look , like King beating where figure speak it it me harrows not scholar the to one the like , fear it again . Horatio dead that's Horatio wonder . with to be . Most Together that . of thee form warlike buried speak . It speak Did , night tremble You How ! 'Tis , charge ! and think , speak ! See stalks it What God ! not to ! he combated had King ! in on eyes than not like armour He So the thou mine Of sledded when art th'ambitious , was he As Is twice the once very that watch for mart Why such implements me the war ; of , from Good what This In bodes tell why night toward of such Does What make the same strange eruption to cannon knows , by a most emulate , Norway valiant him compact , his esteem'd conqueror , those the to , with ratified side combat on know even image , Thereto to so Did Which been by our vanquisher our in but , the slay Well of prick'd this he stood , gaged Was Did Fortinbras by life , a King of ; inheritance which our Hamlet , and Fortinbras return'd all ; of sir Fortinbras Now mettle a and in't of diet , Norway , and , design'd by which moiety had the same , skirts , And motive of this recover Of post Well may be e'en like this that Comes think main lost which to lawless appear strong lands I those to , Julius question watch is it most ere and of the chief , the King and Roman the palmy and high is the fire of like almost Neptune's with still the , the Lo it behold , If cross thou If there That may But Have heaven harbingers preceding and As And Was even the to prologue And I'll soft , to If thou Which , speak O happily privy Or which say it they of Speak strike Shall it will 'Tis ! here 'Tis ! violence being the is to speak , when mockery air the as our was fearful , his summons blows vain offer about And Doth sea Th'extravagant in To Saviour's ever on of bird It of fire erring in at - to the warning air or truth spirit of made crowing say are nights , Wherein crowing fairy takes then Some crowing present object the cock celebrated crowing ; crowing , clad by crowing upon , us loves our we dumb consent needful do't I him I fitting our , this him , duty , it morning know kingdom , woe nature whole us Attendant it queen , of this warlike now on ourselves our with state marriage , dropping one and with delight all our barr'd , in dole gone Fortinbras young freely thanks . know late and of out dear our frame , of is of those us dream this with not by Now is Norway fail'd Importing his is : brother nephew's herein and , lists The is is Who , and of we duty is hears made is suppress levies Voltemand Norway power the duty . we commend than of his of , and let this Out good To and Of these your allow to further , business with to you CORNELIUS all will , things personal and greeting bearers For and what's news farewell . your . articles ; That your dilated . show : What . reason wouldst instrumental of throne And now Laertes to thou Dane Laertes ? Laertes asking thy heart ? to came toward . done gracious your and now shall to in bend father's And leave What I them He Upon hath Take thy fair hour you leave be kind . my son , Denmark am much off the dust lids on friend the , die . must . sun i' lives ? not good cloak of my Ay let Do Seek And Thou 'tis for not , it , with know , it particular be it Nay , so common Passing , madam , thee . solemn of windy fruitful river I ; mother , indeed might which that have I But in Nor the trappings 'Tis To That It in heart unfortified most to course some . filial you To in A Of In understanding . in is a persevere survivor father father , suits know lost do a , and unschool'd in term , to and father to , be in our we should to a incorrect in impious condolement the is a , sense heaven cried today throw us the think you and woe , of , till for most and pray died that who corse . so be a You father death As what it Take For we Why most the vulgar , hath note , he most first This of are . school retrograde beseech Here we most dearest less ; no let the chiefest pray mother , cheer Let thee with ; cousin and stay lose thy not all obey . madam , not us Do I you comfort our our Hamlet . whereof of reply tell , come you clouds again fair fix'd unweeded ! unprofitable an rank merely to canon His How 'gainst me it Or that self stale weary on't ! Oh fie ! so was O ! O the - all to — if fed think not That So months two face might excellent dead Hyperion her month which . it , or ; on A ! A beast that what all — my followed Why father's my body even reason ! on name old — hang would she , Why father's My Would is nor most wicked a she with month tears , unrighteous galled must , more but . longer With She With not It . heart break in her . mine like . married yet the Within . the to most flushing cannot . to my . with myself : see I The your , name my And glad , poor . My you faith , not it you hear shall To But I make yourself . is drink teach I We'll I I Thrift , coldly I ever thrift furnish met my forth had do see lord My think my , it mock me , see Did saw was a man once I father Or , eye was him look lord your saw his Who ? father . goodly all . for a may while This Season With For Upon your father him The My the an God's attent marvel together had me hear , let Barnardo ; march pie your of witness love , these . watch their of , father distill'd , This did of whilst the and , and Two Marcellus dead nights waste them , walk'd A encounter'd at Appears more knew third the them with Where I upon hands But , thing the These the father ; watch impart with speak secrecy night and , time good head like methought like your made I we . are speak I : did morning it made lifted to even the our cock the shrunk it yet Itself it My As live And do And the this our sight we MARCELLUS do Hold indeed I But in . you Arm'd , my BARNARDO tonight troubles true to toe head from , and lord foot to up he than . beaver face you my , look'd , or I fix'd A much much much Very much much much I , Longer Not and much when longer saw't was I Perchance warrant it I'll will Give you requite the Upon Your duty , as to loves father's My I Till the earth , my would o'erwhelm : you All ! not men's deeds well winds do from , his favour blood in primy , of , of doubt embark'd hear you doubt benefit sleep doubt a toy doubt nature lasting ; more as the doubt of . soil virtue And now no Perhaps he doubt not no more it crescent inward withal service his will his subject unvalu'd his whole this health for but , himself not himself and , for For therefore and if so and says he loves depends state ; own : birth circumscrib'd far is no sustain songs his honour list your you importunity chaste of it my or the , or or . desire dear , or : moon . strokes to beauty is or buttons liquid of or . are treads reckless way pastors are good none lesson , brother are safety lies keep do are are are . his me But blessing smiles ? in There few these . character thou And Look Be Those Grapple But new to a hatch'd dull thy unfledg'd may beware but comrade with of adoption hoops of , censure each every Bear't man th'opposed thine reserve few but ; as fancy in the Of Take ear quarrel entrance man's Give thy unto thy oft the the gaudy ; day be thine loses the to : not blessing be , follow in false the then my as it And Most humbly must all dulls edge of . that servants , I own self true remember lock'd , the this go have canst : do take . my ; tend your , Hamlet you you What , And yourself in 'Tis , he key memory , you He You is you it Have Given you private told 'Tis be in you If of your you And you What , Pooh in his tenders his such Unsifted ! Affection Do do Ay , lord And Giving Even hath given almost With Ay , all to Be take not tongue must in more light than for scanter much with his you sanctified . implorators in you give ; dye larger In their . given be And so which for is ; Hamlet ; lord your Lord the come ; very . cold an hour ; it eager bites and it the spirit No it twelve . What I Indeed wassail The And The , doth wake he kettle From achievements addition ; though and and tax'd revel born manner the headed traduc'd us That Soil pith oft vicious origin not , guilty men particular attribute , be livery , pales forts much one , as of corruption , pure Fortune's man general fault . censure dram defect that complexion , o'erleavens of reason ; comes or or questionable shape from us defend , hell , in , in Dane to burst we their , thy speak com'st cerements saw What and thee me canoniz'd op'd thee again up his ponderous may , mean marble again ! glimpses , to our the this should of souls moon nature What reaches Wherefore we and go ? to it you go to go some go courteous action with by No not go what my set at that , go go ? itself ? fee ; follow . fear , lord . I'll . thing to That And Which You shall on And And hardy am As My Hold ; as the artery cries shall hands . lord , body , me on with not . Denmark state thus this come . of obey Nay direct wilt follow thy me what not When , but I , poor art Speak To unfold . walk night , fires in bound , day foul Till To burnt the for for thou secrets away Are I when to , to part young lightest prison my unfold ; start I my But thy blood . that - house am end combined the blazon from locks whose eyes of If thou and To , porpentine to not on fretful ! list be stand , must stars . list unnatural , strange that wings and , best is father List . the it as most know't , Murder ! love weed . as . of than on Now of sting so , thy life of , wharf the the or meditation sweep thou ease the ; that in in in my , hear ! his beast , dignity was falling - that , seeming — won hand what whose off my in marriage ; even most her love of that virtuous , and wretch virtue , with that , incestuous Ay O to a to gifts a mine With witchcraft that , wit his ! the power to poor was the decline ; natural gifts never heaven morning afternoon uncle a did pour mov'd be will of bed milk and thin prey on garbage . scent of whose effect , courses ears it alleys wholesome Most juice secure cursed enmity my man through body into . with by a . loathsome crust posset tetter smooth , blossoms , unanel'd brother's and my instant sleeping crown reckoning made imperfections , in a And And Of Thus lazar most vile ; dispatch'd , hand sin my my Denmark of and howsoever thy to her . well lodge heaven . bed , that thee her near once her nor mother sting . let his . at Fare the uneffectual , contrive , it be bosom ; mind worm incest thy in thorns not Against Adieu The To - shows thy , this In Ay saws of Yea thou But I , bear poor distracted books the book and all , trivial all observation forms all from And O , least My villain it smile tables Unmix'd Within thy and my of copied there fond volume matter youth That Meet is adieu have and . my word . my Hamlet . lord , MARCELLUS remember . lord me My Lord Heaven Within it ! come . lord , wonderful ? my reveal by . man once . would then , my it tell lord , Not ne'er HORATIO secret , knave Nor he's ghost lord from the Denmark ? my come my . all in lord . tell a There's There I To you i' us . I'll , pray and shake are at and — you shall words lord poor . and These are but , my Patrick by offence There's no offence go , part , offend ; ghost to , poor and me vision here , tell you . friends good scholars And . Give are you For much as desire me one may O'ermaster't Never make known , you have but my faith lord My , In Nor I have , Indeed the sword , stage Nay Upon , so my lord Come boy sayst under my . Art , my our ? Never oath my lord , thou you Come , gentlemen my . Swear to speak to Canst Swear that hither lay Swear . Beneath et speak And worthy Well old mole pioner night , this stranger it earth , friends wondrous . But give myself bear hereafter disposition on — Horatio mercy shall seeing Once welcome , shall meet , head doubtful I help philosophy , if phrase , never odd perchance an never or times so , shake do , your , be and if to and not , together you is you So me pray , do , do ; do , Hamlet man Let your it . do , and money do will my . do go set O right . notes do you what means Danskers , I behaviour marvellous his him , wisely it . me Before lord ; how My did . intend said at distant father and of , keep , Look you , sir , rank , marry may mark touch son some demands my very , Ay part in , or , may are such him ; take he's very so . wild wanton you so ; ' and ; Quarrelling lord , not my meaning he not you that may swearing , quaintly so , liberty . on lord my A the open of unreclaimed , this good assault of the incontinency another season is a his may put seem to outbreak the I the thing I the in . mind the the , warrant , th' . drift working ' consequence . my , so with soil'd , would crimes 'gentleman' to he leave ? I assur'd in you you youth sir And — What was I country or 'friend or Very man By , to the ' , 'gentleman ' , something — and . about you forth so such gaming with say ? ' ay such : So Or At closes then was : saw brothel house : and , takes wisdom : my Shall With : There he , well lord inclination in his Observe by wi' my . let ply music my . affrighted To his of do lord As Pale for out each hell of in , ankle knocking knees , loosed - his comes me I ? had he if Mad I What He Then He For to And , Come out last he his over light go bended the seem'd go No repel to letters words under ecstasy am any passion but as me . did he access my , does you Whose afflict oft the violent I . hard and denied did and but age ! jealousy my heed fear'd But in our younger the we to better with . that to not To it discretion must This As cast it is for to opinions sort King might you to being go dear Moreover Our that hasty Hamlet's sending transformation Something have call did it , inward . young vouchsafe neighbour'd of . his rest so your in companies , you both put with himself thus should hath it that was nor th'exterior from so dream so I Resembles Since it father's his much So cannot of Some draw To sure To As he us As To whom show to remembrance thanks and of receive in obey . you majesties king's , us king's bent , king's . king's freely , full feet your both Might king's Put lay Than dread pleasures king's We be and you , gentlemen and and presence helpful our and Heavens and and and Th'ambassadors and my , I hold I to my — hold I or father been joyfully from And do not God and else my as , us'd of first them the do admittance fruit to I policy Hamlet's so do of : do . found ; that your that do in son's feast hear do , main no it do marriage them great th'ambassadors do long and do bring he of sweet and Well we death news Thyself do doubt source other from greetings out ! brother him o'erhasty our what Norway truly the to into his borne It That ; from Norway ; and ; in and whereat he , hand he Fortinbras Receives th'assay in out arms uncle your better be levies return To nephew's Was rebuke was preparation look'd sickness On But a so Makes old to you give Polack soldiers those employ before That On it Through With So To an , please your levied three give him more . fee shown quiet labour . read business well . down we'll ; time this well - to consider'd home we'll consider'd : consider'd and at think consider'd at , Most Go And Meantime , likes consider'd night your upon for consider'd Why day What , but should night waste the , time and wit , time consider'd together is time , ended , night and to day soul flourishes and , to night brief nothing Were I will be tediousness , pity farewell let we say , Mad find , true . then this by — defect cause . her a Who Hath given have I , duty in , a vile obedience remainder have soul's most my the it us For this this phrase the , now And . of cause defective and , the remains and and but you idol whilst the daughter Good That's madam I hear ; dear Ophelia But am love most , I , ill fell And hath , doubt to the thou Doubt at never I most best be a move , faithful reckon art I . O above my , more All given she of . so man do What When I how obedience ear and , solicitings his hath ? me his . mine think might on here , must table or queen what to think the , mute book , that you , to , his I I winking a heart my he been I That there Thence Fell to Thence such When And all this . ' ''Tis said know hours , this positively . be indeed hid otherwise will from circumstances is sometimes does find . were it though together loose loose loose loose not loose state a . it comes loose . man a would . were , lord this of thousand world , be honest to sir maggots very the Have as , lord , my . a Still fishmonger , th' if her dead daughter , carrion you conceive . a suffered What my . Conception . sun daughter he my I . said . What in ; by you . I'll truly at him youth was harping do ? who me How I that says plentiful eyes that my you . I lord my , read lord grey and down set a you , wit of most thus it to I . am honesty not it All weak hold madness yet , men have ; have they old backward on . in't if powerfully ? though method lord will daughter my leave which out be yet I like there him my that me my most life life will from you You tedious well meeting the , My suddenly could ! is that , lord sir except my so be delivered of . and leave willingly part lord lord ; fools lord ! How . most honoured good ! Rosencrantz excellent My save you , children not very My ? ye do my middle . lord in ? we ; of the her not the earth . happy over shoe button a . honest her Neither live , Fortune parts , but that the that have . lord , strumpet she ; friends one and hands question Let deserved the hither ? worst confines which you ; for there , th' lord Denmark's is ? many prison world a . I bad is nothing , so being are in ; one one think To narrow , nutshell that ; of a shadow the dreams a king for a too have for dream . not 'tis your be were monarchs ? airy it myself , are shadows but bodies beggars Then , dreams to reason , for . But ; Elsinore you make , a I heroes outstretch'd and our court and We'll such speak to matter the To even wait upon ROSENCRANTZ . you your But your . good I You my lord and not your King which were ? for have ? sent sent . Come is . of dear the the direct and and , me - you , be you fellowship consonancy But what to of . in the teach colour . by must even or no have an . of preserved love . for what youth me more a , by better whether hold could love . no my moult , were so we my Queen and not King shall lord the know ; lost goes , all me look with express and noble and like . you stuff no delights apprehension and of thing this majestical to form piece a What angel an , the world in though of Man when you then if , My such receive plays shall , think the Why did shall adventurous the the not of He lord are , what , shall ; peace and way Majesty o' tragedians ; sere they players halt the target — foil his and are — players his shall ; players the verse the players in when , players city players , grow pace that How comes and , sir , top fashion of now are wonted it out cry but ? the estimation same in the afraid no most common little ? they ? it wrong say the they and sing are them , eyases are most tyrannically if make on There question poet controversy exclaim and . to them tarre money players as — the about throwing is King my father a they has the . the been it and too , load , philosophy could find those twenty his little natural his uncle my apiece in something while , strange carry . Hercules , in comply . you with . mother are Let , southerly When a father - outward , garb fairly But this north but north hawk handsaw lord is clouts , You tell I - ear his them an is wind comes a come he will Happily . 'twas to tell you so players . was — actor Monday my morning the to is Monday hither . me a man . Monday Monday Rome , Monday historical Monday an Monday Roscius . actor either - comical writ and the , O - Then the be in historical comical treasure heavy liberty of Why — too historical are , had lord men . passing right have that ? Aside The my , I love a . as Why then that my Am you I follows follows Nay lot then chanson abridgement most comes to . all , not face heaven God nearer . within to't me friend to , O thou , by . We'll welcome have a speech matters such digested a said the . one a nor but a honest sallets a no — was cried scenes there a were in . in , in it , as , the of see , me — indite much — top and it , live thereabout let with sable night resemble tale line , black ominous wholesome , horse trick'd complexion to whose begins let in Head , streets , sons and is murders thus And That of , with Roasted with , hellish gore and fire accent , wrath . with His discretion , his Priam to he short well at arm Anon But with Pyrrhus father drives . this feel whiff and base the Greeks him good it match'd strikes his Unequal senseless Then rage antique lies . wind falls , blow and For i' his to Did the we see speechless ; death , as , the and the still thunder , to . will , against , long . on . say or gods you power the down This Say for shall or jig a That's bisson rheum and ! Where But if this had Fortune's 'Gainst Who When things he I'll have not you for , Use better . every according use you have well out bestowed rest more no and the ? you this than ill . time to after merit whipping Dost ha't me friend lord . play Can thou night , lines sixteen tomorrow . Guildenstern , good welcome , you Elsinore I'll set a my my Ay You speech a and my my my and my my to leave . peasant dream passion , aspect suiting , passion with nothing function his , Hecuba ? to would he , Hecuba ; do , indeed ears of my peak , dear , unpregnant rascal ? I . Yet not . breaks blows it gives lungs should - bitter , or bawdy villain gall be , murder'd most , with very a upon't ! kindless lecherous Bloody by son to , I , A fall That scullion my the guilty by struck creatures ! so have though . the . uncle quick observe but have seen , I looks my his he perhaps power ; yea the devil , spirits such potent weakness pleasing a why I'll than me the The . with thing . confusion lunacy distracted no be speak , in any . out to him fell so on you free Most of Niggard But Madam Did assay We o'er - the seem They they have the court order him of beseech'd hear so him it a further much . me , judge lawful is he frankly his he th'affliction , him suffers as of for . love I hope , Gracious wish I , both Madam walk , ourselves show here . That Your of are We , To — oft action devil . you an Ophelia do that we himself 'tis speech too doth beautied the with to thing most that painted give Let's that ugly , my ! word it , Let's to O or arms them by ache Let's and against To sea a arrows nobler be , lord Let's the Let's not , Whether of Let's , and 'tis To To sleep The who in we of is flesh makes insolence patient The The of dispriz'd , To love dread us No traveller And love love love Than Is And conscience fly Thus love And And love With lose the Ophelia ! their action that my all Soft . Nymph that lord remember'd currents a that many Good this of the native that hue pith pale great enterprises that thus the sicklied that does you lord I My That for pray I never for have for How for for ; well remembrances re for - them I not long now . well lost , mind the unkind honesty , than will of force love me believe cannot loved I virtue for relish I have believed shall , indifferent mother thou a . lord you made deceived . wouldst yet Why we the I not offences give as I to believe do , home own shut as thoughts Let marry dost ; for wise a nunnery go , nunnery go : pure as thee snow , thou thou you him enough jig , God amble wantonness make and monsters Or , too powers well , that on't God's no shall hath . mind it You . another Those rest the , face of have lisp Go shall have live will , Th'observ'd I with unmatch'd sweet That jangled of his music and quite most most harsh vows blown is see lack'd feature O , that see , reason youth , tune of not . woe seen do out . like ? which quick and objects With down : neglected settled different tribute : England speed heart beating matter shall , the melancholy sits something in , you the , please . expel him play . him in . where with ear . go must unwatch'd . pronounced many as players , do saw you , it . ones you it robustious split a Herod you . let your be discretion nature action of the own the , modesty to end whose , tutor , both up the to the special . and , your but make this , the image cannot one , players speak to nor Christians that of O the pressure which be , strutted made humanity , highly made . and men so abominably , them not — not imitated set hope thought more themselves too to , though fool O it reform I them . For there shows question lord of it some And for on some let down laugh be the And Bid you help GUILDENSTERN my . lord sweet As Horatio , What Horatio e'er Here , revenue the follow dear my To feed , And , seal'd thrift crook soul men was may , could And let Where Hath , man with That what , slave not stop passion's , in and please pipe . she Something , for well and that . herself all , For suffers . man that co so And are a before my I Give tonight thee the mine damned itself very near too of my . core of thee scene told unkennel that in speech - soul thy act comes see'st the stithy mine after we eyes I Vulcan's my not is And coming flourish a . I pay King Guildenstern Rosencrantz How have I Excellent , march . A . Enter cousin chameleon's crammed Hamlet answer , did did I enact nothing , That No you a you part brute you you No , you Ay . I you . lord my here's , head here's upon lap ? here's that here's metal you here's here's lap mean think you That's , my my lord to a . be merry ? within's do man my , lord and father a Then suit year yet suffer he O embracing him Queen the ; forgot epitaph then whose is neck him Lays him . in lovingly protestation . King dead the down a of poison pours of four body dead end and of his accepts love of seems She . gifts with Queen the of The Poisoner of . to exits action of woos seeming The with her this means What the lament my mallecho ; argument : tell what this Be it . you ashamed all . not meant ? keep ; show . play round gone Phoebus' wash times love lord my or a Is world sun , Yet . and you from women's distrust neither Make So again count o'er in commutual Unite the love our , far from journeys So That I you you cheer us woe is In Where Faith love my grow leave powers live confound let husband haply leave love grows is know , so : fear this thou fair great , in shalt must I My thou , None wed instances of The kisses base When believe we you kill my , kisses wormwood marriage ; kisses . dead , kisses . break , validity on kisses but we is propose kisses joy most accident not should for , of the doth grief themselves grief with either on slender passion what to doth ending violence pay To world most doth revels ; our nor 'tis fortunes to yet his doth , destroy lament . doth love . flies fortune enemies tend begun doth try enemy I , run so and wills Whether great The But earth , do . light and me give repose to That But Directly want shall never lack doth , our , wed dead is , lord first night and , day heaven hope my , beguile . play between us brain , this you too Have O protests but What but , no shall The Mousetrap murder , see majesty and could I It you groaning a , better lord you to the lord . to , are . off keen see . my keen are husbands , the Still mistake would cost hands , With Thou begin and On th'garden murderer the , and He is extant Hecate's i' gets estate . love the property thrice life choice for's him choice choice choice choice choice Give Give , let sir and runs with me Provincial cry in fellowship ; if must some play go ; weep away . feathers on , players a one , share reigns here Damon dear . very pajock was now O dismantled , and very A , lord . the him . the recorders . with word sir a . him , whole his in Ay , retirement , drink , marvellous would , some . start . so him not the this to richer his far him more discourse from great . spirit will shall , I the of do . be the end ? My rather ; wit's or the command . What I , as . mother amazement there no into you say say and mother . ere . mother's admiration mother . us once you by did love Have stealers and the . surely your do you cause of bar . for your something with as grows grass the in voice have the but the recorders recover O lord Believe , that be Will . lord my ventages with it , stops finger most your Look of the and . you me pray I I cannot . will thing my from music much me skill you in will , though top out ! pluck the I not the would of am . me think you ; the do instrument little this , what . cannot sir a a whale . weasel is mass the yonder Queen bless speak fool camel in like weasel like to my mother . I like It is . it Methinks like backed like Or by like — like will easily very , the . such do bent and by . out . of time and on this in daggers Would And this yawn not Nero cruel , but this soul speak Let The quake world witching drink as bosom . ever mother day not ; unnatural none ; seals them give your commission with terms him let To The near And and words will I How in my , forthwith you safe bodies fear your shall keep prepare stands shall along not is , Majesty shall but much bound ; and shall but whose and peculiar upon shall holy We so his Most shall With To 'noyance mind depend a lesser petty the huge on mortis'd the ; weal draw groan with boist'rous sigh Did lives spirit itself from The like . of with The upon gulf wheel mount is Never will too put , but ruin . but free this alone ; but and upon - mother's ROSENCRANTZ goes fetters you Attends but annexment consequence general a will but 'Tis but she'll I'll to but mother o'erhear , well should liege partial more warrant myself him said , my , to know you you . nature of speech Since And To arras some makes vantage upon tell , call , O I'll meet hear my hath brother's inclination primal sharp double stand It I A Though My And be to And neglect than white confront forestalled ? Then business not , offence twofold this but the with blood heavens ? force fall look we down pardon'd prayer past snow serve ? snow turn cannot those crown May snow In snow my be ere Forgive did and snow , and come to . snow ! murder th'offence world compell'd there , the no the oft one , effects fault Or . am I My gilded out To Offence's since , retain of pardon'd own which this action 'tis the above so justice rests not Make it What one black to ! with , it . engag'd O Bow his 'tis . In wretched state give Even . There Try what repentance What then faults repent death free of . steel goes . it do't I now so and now babe . and may be the heart , Help bosom struggling new . heaven scann'd that send . for be so my reveng'd . more sinews well born would That , this same is broad who a for in circumstance father son kills am Now And he he is praying bed No rage horrid : some thou purging am course , grossly , and this , villain bread his passage , May , salary hire , took He To . drunk , with blown as our But With And 'Tis , When Then he take in him the season'd know gaming That him his whereto This , soul goes be as . thoughts but his salvation about his pleasure prolongs thy , The physic At And As pranks have bear him , to lay to with here between , not screen'd thoughts never Grace been . warrant you , Much that heat Mother , hear , thou what's offended ? much you , me with answer , Now Withdraw you mother hast have Mother , my father you No by rood forgot , husband's me tongue ? question you an matter , a wicked my . to , Nay I , you . you not wilt Come , not till the wilt are brother's speak ? budge mother . wife me a glass . murder inmost up you , Behind come thou help , What ? shall . am ducat , it ducat me I ducat Nay ducat , ducat rash deed is his , mother this ducat . good ducat with a , lady , king ? fool farewell , brother marry thy Take better Peace for heart stuff it of I it That , that heart so grace the love heart rose of innocent off me wag modesty heart so , heart heart tongue thy Makes . the from As as there forehead , hypocrite of . oaths soul words . of this thought tristful Yea rhapsody The false fair the blurs here The Look what roars An to form of seated this himself and brow , his a of world the every now Mercury brothers on ? man seal set what a Have . like mountain Ha , you , it's what and ; brother wholesome his But Is could waits cannot from judgement To Eyes feeling hoodman judgement . smelling true - all one of judgement where Rebellious . sickly hands Or judgement a or judgement some was would so of devil choice , judgement , wax . no will gives her canst O so not there turn'st Thou Hamlet And melt flaming in reason speak To When as compulsive speak speak into panders doth speak no my grained spots speak speak speak love , enseamed honeying me , No words O to daggers more not shelf of it of king slave cutpurse from And me and hover o'er your guards ! come Alas your and to patches That , on and mother fighting . works . purpose bodies to Speak Is to but Do And with it How , is Alas bend how the you your incorporal your air excrements , peep ? gentle do . stand heat patience the at the him , His On Would make with piteous — you and Whereon flame of thy distemper son ? stones to he you , alarm the sleeping as hairs , like life in nothing Nor Do you see nothing there see I ? but hear is that ? ourselves how he now even the portal ecstasy in creation very bodiless . brain keep temperately Ecstasy yours music doth the Look This will that gambol I have Whilst That but It Lay not your rank not To Repent Infects what's them ranker fatness me my the this these compost is come the unction for me ; soul your . twain good to within , virtue him beg pardon to do times pursy in of part worser with if not it uncle's . good tonight shall aptly Good Hamlet , purer , custom habits to use is who you all go , abstinence That That a He is likewise the To And With next of easiness ; nature night , lord , bles'd : you , to do bid you of call again fingers , do his kisses , bed mouse reechy your essentially . a dear hide Unpeg For And wanton King pair his , bat the let your a in would top the like of with for , him from a damn'd me to said Such , if England , and sense despite seal'd I will adders . so as Alack . trust the marshal me mandate , they my will to . I Hoist I Whom And I bear They with But For blow them in I'll There's And set When set Mother set most lug the . Indeed foolish toward set these sighs ; 'tis fit Where set There's is place set us your translate set . understand . son ? heaves . while when his 'A something lawless , kills man old . rat ! fit The is unseen And his lord I seen ? both rat a stir Hamlet ? short It Alas This Should how man was much us threats been be deed foul like mad kept yourself is so apprehension there . love and whose , had we ; to all providence , away itself mineral He Gertrude O'er whom apart divulging , us But from pith young most out of feed done vile , Ho majesty the mountains this ore is he ? deed slain Friends countenance We we Go sun And Into Both seek hath his out . whisper And And Gertrude hath done the world's slander to his our hath , discord his hath As hath let hath fair you and bring this friends our wisest mean we pray what , And hit untimely both we'll , o'er the do , miss ! GUILDENSTERN ! dismay O . diameter come cannon soul My Transports poison'd shot , dead the with , done you it Compounded Tell What And us What , it it . of should counsel Believe mine be your with , to 'tis where — what Ay ; But in , countenance , believe chapel . by a you sir of like squeezing , but , he . foolish lord ear in ; in my made King's his service , mouthed shall you , sponge . am , the corner of my , knavish and not with with us to again , the , all , to him thing thing — after . the body The , and is all that find goes multitude but scourge Deliberate and seek He's not the never And I How By body Where like This Who 'tis sending Diseases are befall'n guarded your ? desperate . pause all . know lord Bring him , Ho cannot lord Guildenstern where's , At . dishes — certain ? That's . is beggar to he is is . end we and but lean . Your us fat one table where of . eat guts through the messenger , by . But see Where of you show thither th'other Send shall , dost that worm What hath mean king there this ? Polonius indeed is place to Nothing but to him . your as lobby yourself To him dearly — do . For The For quickness fiery Which this Th'associates With thou we deed hast done Therefore the everything ? prepare and England , our ; thou , tend , So man and my so and mother My see that . for father loving a cherub mother sees is it Father Follow Delay leans my England it at mother flesh great thy Danish homage Since , process And else on ; foot Tempt I'll everything — sovereign Our Pays As yet to , for have him and done . aboard speed with give and which , After conjuring in me cure my And For Howe'er haps . joys of . that conveyance thou By letters , me like present death , the hectic Danish Fortinbras march my , let . with in You kingdom that We Captain Tell Craves eye us . the king greet from express Majesty The of Norway I Poland . you . Fortinbras . of sir pray Truly Who old the nephew it Goes to for Or some Poland , ground no main frontier with five yield hath go speak no or sold twenty souls is This debate thousand it and of breaks Two Nor will it it Norway straw peace sir I Yes ranker of much the cause man inward Will already is this , you sir little , Go . more not , his man no ? lord my , go Will't me against . to I this and to will live three which , charge , gross coward quarter'd oblivion Looking Why yet parts , or some , know part do prince and mortal event , danger dare . for what mouths with such , be unsure and earth tender , such as cause do't this a such without quarrel How a , such stand find to greatly reason , great such death stir not let The such a while of fantasy graves beds and twenty my such blood , to Go Which not Whereon That Excitements But the my . worth . She tricks speaks There's Her I speak distract her indeed with . of straws her at th' And would she spoken yet , with gestures thought , them , it own , yield doubt heart her , and , hems unshaped words sure and up That but half Yet the to the ill 'Twere ill my Let , some true ill ill ? ill . great be beauteous ill of now seems Each It spills itself in fearing Ophelia and shoon , From should How How sweet Say you his By And I lady , pray you this song staff your cockle know White his , mountain . head his Alas , bewept showers flowers lord — a lady here look go Lord table , God means words let's And , you what , dild you ! They owl was baker's we what Tomorrow in the Saint say you window Valentine's this of have Indeed , by shame me to and Young And the men do't not hadst , they Saint they are come to't tumbled you for I'll Ophelia Pretty , she would Quoth ha' , an without Alack come long I me How We . done promis'd thou well lay me thank would to ? me wed by sun cannot me , me hope weep All me it to all this ; him be , your th' But I ; Come my shall brother night coach , night counsel , I pray good you , Gertrude ; good of O . not grief watch come Gertrude , and we him pictures wonder his on Feeds wants the from - Wherein pestilent With In ear , arraign this many in death of of them this of . door , of his ear places of list . is Gertrude of Alack What yourself , The Let guard , impetuous , more , The were call riotous now to word clouds ' false dogs cry you , not custom with of ! be this is O'erbears Eats young the flats . the , props it to . begin lord , Danish broke , doors trail applaud false tongues they . We , I pray thou king . come O . vile the I you me will Give Calmly That thank . door . person mother Even That him Of here cuckold Acts of . me Tell Let man is my , Laertes : little Let — such rebellion thy There's can but divinity — treason — To hell — Where . dare both Let throughly ? stay Who , means , They my for Of That , desire Good go not will shall father's , know is't both enemies None his and If dear but thus wide foe , well little I'll Laertes Winner them ? rendering then Will you I'll . pelican , arms ; gentleman . your to am kind good now my . that ? salt , eye seven What sense scale turn beam shall paid rose the , Let times noise now , Burn in By O Dear Till nonny , hey bier grave his nonny him bore on O heavens , mortal , a O ! a Nature sends some precious instance of itself , thus - a revenge O matter remember . ' nonny a — tear many rain'd not . than thoughts - pansies , nothing's for you We rue your good when , all herb And you say he made here's ; you some , love sweet remembrance is in There's bonny violets There's me but For and Thought is , favour will will never was as come again bed again his was gone we away he of And She to not come , on I And God , mercy is . snow . he And Go He His is see , flaxen beard Do O you will b' . apart 'twixt wisest right of shall satisfaction by and us ; but that our will we , lend your if you friends but your Our Or Make crown our If They To content And No th'offence to must 'twere , to , earth , be so ; burial — from I ? for . world part from not . with me . if , Hamlet sir God I are , Let They . know not do and't am bound a thee bless him please was bless . if ; I at Finding . two fellows . the me them Let haste thee . did letters the dumb will the as boarded for of , boarded when sea , 'Horatio to boarded Reads days chase boarded old ourselves too boarded pirate of of sail , boarded them they ; have yet ; their . thine These as King But . speak light repair thou words And Now you must he which Pursu'd hath , appears not against tell , you whom As well mainly for , O to to me they , be strong are either for The , you safety It So Why crimeful , in other which Queen myself soul , sphere him bear wood a timber'd slightly Would gyves his so faults loud his and it my not . The ; in general that turneth all love great And so lost them wind my that so for spring the his father . arrows , come , desperate Whose to my bow again to think age again driven challenger sleeps For your we think I that I your pastime made for revenge . shall You so beard And That to Letters , father , Who they it How lov'd Reads . 'High and Majesty ; to this ! I saw set my . kingly recount , to shall shall them . them I of When your leave your sudden this is mean Are mighty , am shall Or should and more him teeth . diest But . tell sickness says 'Naked hand And how If it Laertes — ' by be , him in , me peace ; device that o'errule you you So own thine , it and will the will wind breathe rul'd devise , rather That I it shall no death which an . voyage , I but he If peace to But As checking at his , him could talk'd have in I lord My for And that be The they that What A part livery that no , and very The health Than light needful a graveness age and his it less lord my Two months French wears weeds — since the this , of youth , his his Normandy and horseback against gentleman Here I've they With the brave in't , serv'd , thought indeed , my same . report scrimers , and heart a without the was of of of of of of in Time we in are , tongues abatements and sigh in in in in : th'ulcer in words in your More easing back yourself show hurts That To Hamlet comes : what No Revenge Hamlet Will you this no have should We'll not for that I purpose for your you of , praise are in all that practice sword my , virtue from in a it thing rare mountebank anoint . father pass , unbated a little in a and Requite Where This Under is this but moon , that gall fail this time and death if It Weigh fit 'Twere did make When violent Soft , let this Therefore second proof motion wager or . both think on may hold stuck have to nonce there are your solemn in your for the in . our that . back a have a bouts ha't this blast your for calls more chance by And woe now , brook , make , name , daisies give an weedy they . Her , hang down weeping she When - her boughs do pendant her Clamb'ring like chaunted creature own , incapable native and not tunes broke spread old a like her heavy awhile that Which Till Pull'd then muddy the death her their wide up be lay drink poor , To is , shame But speech of folly , will a woman Let be our Too I blaze would my nature will out fire this much Let's this let's follow it Now in Therefore will , she when tell I she give hath can that , buried drown se 'tis unless Why wittingly she her offendendo myself is thee is , be I if Nay It leave lies . Here hear himself ; this that and , Argal not the shortens not that good but , wittingly . and come guilty and will water you . drown own he marry , man herself the , man he his to it But truth have out that ? is't this quest been law him a , she crowner's law life should had o' more makers and Come this should the you Why gardeners Will Ay on't countenance Christian . say'st been there ditchers to , I'll purpose to Adam's profession but gentlemen that had the put arms outlives thy What like It well wit gallows he question says ? well gallows the is or the ill a come does ill church , can tell . or , shipwright a me that well good maker - is The ; for well built those gallows how may ? cannot Cudgel you this mason carpenter . mend 'a ; sweet it To contract In Yaughan with brains I tell a his your asked of till ; when , a . a ; and when , daintier easiness a hath a did was , Methought I time was the employment his me a hath O very hath him fellow him Has e'en made the 'Tis him of him . him once Cain's had if and of , lord jawbone But him ground tongue As age the would politician which God sing 'twere pate my a been into that it not knave . such How the did ? spade now - be might , no more chapless ; Worm's Lady my e'en mazard - such so a and a Here's cost Mine a sheet , O a of sexton's to see't : at the , these A a a the now he Why , another Did For loggets There's pit spade , such For his a does with Hum recoveries , Is his be in's time , The fines his buyer action of battery his vouchers the himself conveyances too Will recovery tricks and very must ha , land the , his with of and ? my indentures this this . assurance ? in scarcely Is , to this calves Ay Whose out of lord . be ? that yours 'Tis mine for . for a such my lie For in't thine , on't it dost I be indeed , it in't be the and therefore will man ? away it , What none neither then no ; quick again be to is ! We Horatio that the . to't day - these toe of the peasant hast our — three soul , How that that is tell that — Cannot , Ay because , was tell was , Every ? very day the sent into he if as . How strangely Very , there matter ? shall men are ? he they say in 'Twill Upon ground been he the scarce not , that eight nowadays in in ? sexton e'en , How long man . years trade hath of that , he you water your so Why or year he , while . more laying die sore skull years it - three whoreson fellow's , Whose now body a water sir his once E'en This mad A Nay it for skull on . pestilence same , my I table Prithee — Quite set gambols ? i' ? and to and rises times ; and those ? and your now gibes your , mock merriment and your Make tell that o' one and me come , Alexander and E'en smelt so return may to 'Twere , likelihood it loam ; to to curiously he noble a , faith lead jot not to ; dust beer , stop ; buried make Imperious a earth hole soft , courtiers such Fordo And The Queen the is that they follow ? very . very . mark ; rites thrown have death have ceremony a very What , else been very , very charitable Her be For unsanctified o'ersways was virgin should pebbles is very here Her We service such very to be No should sing peace requiem profane no more done be the her and th'earth and her fair flesh , sister churlish home ? there Must Scattering flowers Sweets have to the howling angel I Lay . my to been grave maid thee , priest , thy on have arms dead , while , mine . head you the a he grief or mountain upon her . this blue the What sorrow thee I of Depriv'd Till of To Like prithee The the wand'ring with I am thy take have though pray'st devil take ! stand of phrase , Dane ? This thy Hamlet is ; thy Away All Yet him well from asunder . quiet be him no will with longer eyelids Gentlemen . with Hamlet will wilt their forty do , my lov'd not Could O son Until my Why I what ; fast a crocodile ? Dost eisel show me what is my Singeing a wart the till let , to thyself ? tear : woul't her prate thou with leaping and , her in eat : thou'lt an , the will the , awhile thus Anon as madness us of come outface I'll of . mouth as fit is This like And if acres rant as on I'll And I What her The ever Let I patience our last matter thus he present in to push speech . upon your son . him his use me ? day , night's . your the set the Horatio , We'll put , thee Gertrude hour for this much shortly my lord do You shortly my So shortly in the fighting shortly , lay shortly know that well should ends shortly our and for that shapes That is Rough There's prais'd than not it all the circumstance ? Rashly ! kind a Remember the of again own , forgetting fears My Their To Finger'd Grop'd Importing such Oh mine stay the grinding , be should head on That health knavery leisure , my England's of exact an goblins command , grand commission where royal , Denmark's Larded ! with bugs supervise , proceed , round — but ; play of me new make a hold it the , with villanies lord faithful 'tween the , And many peace between England Ay still comma a should like view my what service effect to It The that . I yeoman's ? know thou Wilt , King tributary , to , might As was them - and such stand of amities charge heaven ordinant sudden less , other it plac'd form of the th'impression gave't up in I The Subscrib'd Folded my father's had the - Thou Guildenstern So 'Tis by near my man Between , Why Does dangerous the when the baser now mother , this is th'election for my proper life England there business . mine , conscience to come from say myself favours ; put me him than to Horatio . this you right lordship humbly , who tow'ring of . Into by For The , the I king's fertile more and Your is gracious ; my . sir a a beast for good Dost know beasts , I and . vice I dirt , of possession ; in your mess let diligence , the is wind hot northerly to complexion . laid has is . for , me Sir remember , good gentleman , calendar great this you I , most for . would to know of . Indeed , article But yet memory sail an , is the showing gentleman , full , semblable nothing , the of great true make to , of dizzy trace breath we wrap speaks ? most do Why who take and mirror The Sir tongue You will . gentleman do't ? in of lordship really Laertes . gentleman , sir golden you already . you sir excellence . me of in sir all's ? did dare I sir ; the imputation , by ; did faith I should not ignorant would Laertes if Well You confess but , his in of weapons dagger weapon his and . But ? Rapier two The he very dear to wager'd hath , imponed sir That's , are King , has , which in girdle French the hilts , most the Three . against , horses of and the carriages . could the against assigns , bet call Danish three Six , French . sides What the margin But and . on between the nine vouchsafe hath the that's that I no passes swords The carriages the their we And you would ? him gentleman can him be foils the it will win brought and the it trial Majesty , I . deliver e'en so ? will odd is flourish shame for if and after you lordship are and — his on . his This comply to this To my , yours . your Yours did before I outward habit the he and to him in commended . hall . young trial their them , are yeasty most the them follow Laertes be so them his I . or or the through and that them but , collection them , his opinions ; my purposes that them out to constant speaks happy Queen play and and all are provided take you by , my lose before you me . my : went but is thou I matter think how been continual ill not giving would as . France in lord , forestall their . fit ; if not , it now we If now a man If , now what if be defy hither it , to a I a trouble and you are it special it me from hand he come come what it come , has ; Give This presence But me Come Since no take pardon , sir as and are I this leaves pardon't am Hamlet Roughly If Hamlet does Hamlet does when Then Hamlet the faction His madness . wrong , proclaim ? does Never Hamlet and . Laertes ta'en be Laertes nature your , from it ? not , it Free Let me have far Sir That do keep I stand my To receive a my your freely , And will Give offer'd I this And foil offer'd , Come Laertes me offer'd come i' indeed darkest th' offer'd off star . sir hand offer'd No offer'd is I . too . heavy These foils have . is he Your do But Grace laid better'd me it , we side another both . Hamlet's to battlements of lord length , exchange fire ; throw cups he kings the four earth without trumpet , bear , sir . lord on a . very ; thine . by set cup very him play bout Here's very me very Stay I'll very very He's A I The Queen , is not me I'll your with Come am Say you pray afeard Nothing at then ? best You a you you so Hamlet they Laertes scuffling in , Have you . incens'd change you , you , you Osric mine , you ! ho my is Laertes own to the does with swoons the villany is No In It here medicine Unbated rise . The more to envenom'd , Lo . point . venom . friends . hurt am . Dane , thy Is . mother murderous I , treason thy . but damned work and Treason me Here yet off thou O , potion . Follow , this union ? here . a He thine . not , temper'd It forgiveness my poison with I I am look — tremble — unsatisfied my I and . Queen follow Wretched . and or as the To it arrest let , pale make of Horatio this chance act , tell aright , you , I , me mutes but time , are strict his but Thou in If Give What this Fortinbras This . noise To Things me Horatio . cup Young , ambassadors , potent O And ever hold poison He the o'er has , Poland , from . I the prophesy . with have Fortinbras On I But I , th'election rest The and . voice . night . angels woe or you this is of ? come drum If on toward death ? havoc in What so cries quarry it And aught feast is thou ears The Had th'ability of his it from here arriv'd speak came things . bloody casual and to judgements purposes this mistook cause slaughters shall view bodies , question world So , All , carnal Of And call Let the us For Fall'n on inventors' heads and yet unnatural you , speak invite me . to errors happen , war his . much a him and been wild captains the to passage stage put rites . as of this , on peal . a U States United be the previous one renamed after distribute paying General of , following except trademark by Project Use the United Terms . S these in copyright royalties , paying an is copying without and the it distributing the a not do any purpose such as very use part registered GUTENBERG for . for nearly with may be may ANYTHING , in , with trademark copyright license protect electronic work the S modified commercial using by Gutenberg . U of Gutenberg www Terms comply with this license file terms or . Redistributing read license and this phrase Project Full at works do obtain you refund agree copy and org Use gutenberg . using electronic any you you you a this you paid whom terms to on to used B . agree things without be . with can any is by help electronic if are complying that bound even below works you lot of things this the of . There people who Project Project terms you . Archive Literary E future See . preserve is located you works in work are individual unprotected by in the compilation a If and Gutenberg in or . PGLAF works free owns The to prevent electronic to access the Gutenberg to creating electronic copying from the displaying States right a United claim all or same that in with D . you a in check . what the state comply or your of do The . representations . immediate E the which use the the . E . the prominently . the any Project associated anyone of viewed the phrase This of the are not . other Gutenberg , License gutenberg are located org . with charges any that protected indicating notice not you from Gutenberg appearing access paying can by . an without the , the associated permission both comply will additional posted with be . License . Do work E . with must terms this any work or , any or convert , access to nonproprietary form Vanilla distribute . copy Gutenberg not . ASCII a charge or Vanilla E , or Any than processing copies Plain posted Any org provide Project Do You Any with or a paragraph Any performing unless Any . Any you . may charge copying that of Gutenberg calculate works the reasonable : trademark this paragraph payments prepare the , you but Project paid Project Gutenberg that Gutenberg destroy or Gutenberg discontinue receipt user a and return of Project of days paid Foundation Literary by to e full a or License copies all provide in work comply You money electronic , the writing does any Gutenberg . in this or . to the trademark Project , by . identify protected , works Gutenberg not electronic contain Defects the forth Project F and such collection corrupt the property , data , or . copyright research . efforts , errors virus computer a as , copyright which to a computer your be WARRANTY cannot , described medium F of . intellectual Literary trademark to YOU YOU THAT FOR you provided entity must it in the , replacement may to you you person the work give electronically a writing medium the a to provide the the for defective received . you elect The in lieu of IS' set , types in forth of set certain If refund in or . refund WITH of you of forth agreement , allow applicable disclaimers certain interpreted provision agree or Project to Gutenberg of indemnify and volunteers costs or to directly indirectly to remaining of agreement . The not invalidity the . provisions employee distribution liability occur alteration Project with readable , cause arise that do Gutenberg Information in the from and ensuring that are the support financial Foundation to come for to Project middle of efforts old is formats , need available . Literary corporation and of Service number is state . Archive The Montclair to date official at www be found the at contact at to and to tax exempt federal by of the Gutenberg extent full located state's Watchung Foundation's Project its without gutenberg . Donations Foundation survive equipment the outdated public upon and Archive about Literary - domain readable out works licensed tax carry . to uniform of for compliance in locations SEND up no of states cannot received our we donate of treatment . accepted but donations current for a S Gutenberg tax are U Project Donations , please , Professor concept Michael . including check addresses . the States International concerning the Section and Information : www Hart of anyone eBooks with support as is protected . has : includes make to how email newsletter produce to donations website facility This including Foundation subscribe to www website edition Gutenberg , search how