? and . Francisco cold had I much twelve . at ? sick quiet thanks now this 'Tis struck my watch Horatio and ho ! is , good Friends to the ? haste Marcellus . night there . good Give you reliev'd . Barnardo Holla place my , A piece , Say hath honest , I is Horatio , And With He Tush may to watch tush Well sit nights once so fortified we all , down speak have that westward t'illume then it same made now , thee off where Look beating from and yond When Had The bell burns — again comes . speak me spoke to King ; a Mark . like thou Together with that majesty the which It harrows It would , this and of heaven is , stalks offended I , night Denmark thee form of not ! tremble will and answer ! fantasy ! pale ! speak thee ! 'Tis ! think and ! watch dead at ice on ; the an . state knows know our down gone and once he th'ambitious the Thus Good In , And such Why might daily same nightly this This bodes some and and tell that opinion not ; land observant he sit Why , make night toward the of And not Who whisper . that joint divide foreign Whose image know which Fortinbras Norway compact , seal'd , his to , of he forfeit Well the Thereto as At you but can now so I a most by That even on ; of ; law a King seiz'd with , Did Which which ; life his stood ratified Fortinbras who by the this Was To the carriage gaged As it in't lawless ; diet list a up a doth to the . land chief foresaid , which appear mettle unimproved Of of well stomach and , strong hand lands take , so , our state this I : streets mightiest and the fire trouble figure King ; moist sun influence trains of and the state Julius fell sheeted star . events illusion ! demonstrated the empire , dews ; Neptune's fierce use where it grace to Stay Lo any That Which ease or . comes , voice me , on countrymen , to done , life thy of oft in speak earth speak uphoarded the spirits thy , in , say treasure if . they you Stop offer it We For To it blows malicious mockery speak , a guilty , have to , throat the morn , the and and confine Th'extravagant or day of sea with cock , Whether , Awake , And of in earth spirit the the all witch heard dew us Let what we and high russet do in yon my upon , the watch Hamlet impart This you needful do't loves this ? him to him , acquaint fitting will for speak ; consent to dumb in Where Let's pray find Though With Therefore memory hearts hath far in in contracted Together we with sometime to sister wisest remembrance this ; nor all our worth death thanks . gone barr'd brother's , frame law for have time rid - of young this is of for . of us pester surrender , brother the his much Norway , the To business uncle bed , are proportions purpose and , greeting his , gait lists The You You You , Laertes cannot not voice shall That The . to to Laertes the to native instrumental , mouth father France , heart , Laertes ? Laertes , the . to coronation gracious your my and leave thoughts bow them Yet He By my hath I his lord him seal'd laboursome Laertes my at ; give from will you spend cousin leave What leave wrung again toward and last consent ; hour my more it How the than thy Upon I beseech . But Aside , little my lord , thine not thy for look thy cast eye noble , Ay ! 'Tis , alone not , the haviour shows the . actions that within which man These visage ; of show play might indeed , seems , eye . grief seem of the , Hamlet ; nature the survivor lost your a his , his heaven his nature his common fault a peevish our mind is his common , his to , as ; and opposition , to As death From , 'This must This , toward which impart going I As , of Take to most , of son , note to of the let We corse , absurd , who pray and woe ; most ' he till earth remain to , her lose beseech retrograde to you school to to madam fair and . son , in our : intent prayers . best . best best too heaven shall best and ourself smiling Thaw best slaughter that best And King's best , the , and unweeded rank fie me Seem Fie grows . self and too . flesh had of seed merely dead But canon to weary 'gainst Or itself solid melt dew Everlasting into gross much so not so not a to That two Possess How all the ! things an and it , king a excellent he increase on I her me By it ; loving the — remember might too ? satyr ; Heaven winds roughly to month fed if As little have , that . yet name were body reason , more good my ! to eyes my she , discourse poor shoes those my wants she married no but — followed of most a I your hold cannot come , unrighteous beast mourn'd Would Had yet brother ; tears , myself well ! forget , to sheets lordship : sir say ; good you ? Wittenberg you , from , own are in you depart ere your enemy your I Nor My you is your to . it truster . report truant . meats heaven tables in father . it it it funeral , my Horatio it king like . it ? lord it foe he he , all he . he my , take upon his not he he lord King King while gentlemen these of to , admiration the the nights dead Two Marcellus With Season an Upon witness This marvel these of exactly encounter'd at them together hear , watch - act impart had each . hands comes I knew made did , This fear surprised , watch kept they to of they the in true they with In dumb And Form My speak where you was platform where But as , apparition to none it to even at And Itself But It But My lord I : and , head it lifted the sound like did ; watch . As you , indeed Indeed top . you , but this ? look'd , wore ? toe lord more in ? up anger frowningly sorrow in upon eyes constantly fix'd And Most you Stay'd BARNARDO haste moderate , and MARCELLUS , Perchance I His tonight again . life , it you my you I pray all gape should person , well and . you ; itself : were will eyes that o'erwhelm And , But sister are assistant My No more primy of a youth , the No more in Forward not perfume fashion For crescent but of service inward Grows now and ; no his soil Perhaps will subject will ; He The greatness weigh'd , his not health his and voice therefore And so . this his unvalu'd on of must ; himself wisdom As give the weigh with If Or Out The chariest maid to the : affection , voice or unmaster'd what loss credent Than not If the rear of strokes the disclos'd not in not , enough not , not not ; do brother good my rede treads keep lesson libertine . not a is . stay double long O fear blessing , too steel of palm dull not soul and by thought the a upon aboard second of , blessing . sail your thy in these thou thou thine censure each Take Of Bear't every man ear thy fancy habit the best the , can gaudy ; rank that : man , chief lender station a and , not , And most a dulls all And Thou Farewell my not This , nor For France of proclaims : nor Most it And Are nor invites nor season , blessing oft nor then as loses the my be take nor And time you this leave memory the to ? in shall he well Ophelia hath , something , Lord Hamlet , you me bounteous truth ? a circumstance you call should think ; dearly sterling to not — teach , He Do believe in as what yourself true poor for yourself wind Tender it I are not ta'en my his know , have , lord fashion , it speech ; to . woodcocks catch honourable crack these the — In the all And , the tongue , these how do of his holy fashion importun'd with , this From - young Ophelia walk he are for which ; their they investments implorators . larger entreatments to parley tether beguile sanctified mere few is presence Lord higher rate maiden . Hamlet show brokers , time all for suits is pious and vows bawds this leisure Lord moment you the your ways you cold . you you it nipping is I you No think you air you wassail does heard Wherein Indeed the Keeps as he drains drum draughts his and it , is't a native it ; reels down here west than observance . it , takes at height men phrase his wherein mole , of marrow drunkards - my to And , in for our From This addition it birth , achievements , though of in our attribute . of these defect , men star that — too , us it comes , thee Hamlet answer jaws , this and glimpses the thus hideous , shake our we of in fools complete , do desire impartment did away . with by ; then lord I it removed ground my not , will . it go a do , what , speak not fear pin's it can again itself ? thing what I'll follow cliff the base summit o'er And Or it waves Do life my should , set do my Why I for do to that . my the soul you tempt beetles might very your his there Which It And you some It deprive dreadful horrible of ? into , it some , reason sea some motive to . brain other madness some Think of some some sea . each My shall out go rul'd as the petty in And I am Still away desperate I'll , heaven , say He waxes ; is what Mark wilt thou lead me ? I To to hour I sulph'rous is what , when unfold lend am revenge ? thou to ghost . flames . hearing . shalt list O list not . part their from start thy lightest word , blood , nature forbid spheres young whose of tale and eyes up a secrets particular upon this eternal But thou foul and Murder ! of , I thoughts and wings love as with most murder best . the than Lethe , Hamlet wharf , ease this , out rots stir not serpent stung given that in itself And Haste this As May foul strange or to 'Tis by that , thou of death ! thy Wouldst my uncle prophetic soul adulterate . his sting O that ! noble his most a falling gifts ! my will O , whose love seeming won what witchcraft Upon I That The Hamlet of seduce , wit — So wit wicked of to - off hand marriage natural as a in went From those lewdness But made it virtuous in there queen dignity , the with and in in to in , virtue , sate itself court though in prey I Sleeping the afternoon within of in methinks . it a garbage radiant in in And enmity hebenon distilment with blood the into in it porches of cursed thy my vial , pour effect whose in a stole ; through man did my orchard milk it , body posset it did mine about brother's sin , hand once on most to sent , queen a , So vile body , wholesome lazar And curd And of Most - crown the of sleeping , was , I of a of Of of Thus No With thou life Let of mind royal all horrible hast ! imperfections nor in her lodge once , me of fire . to uneffectual be bosom her let that and damned ! heart ; my , to leave ; Fare matin adieu ! adieu shows . worm and - Adieu , to 'gins , And all you I , away books wipe from , youth of saws All thy . pernicious woman ! live fond trivial alone there ; past pressures ! brain volume and . may are , remember adieu . lord . so be down a in . come lord Hamlet my boy ! Hillo Lord be ho Within ho How What , Illo , So ho , is't news lord . heart man my you'll be of my lord , by you'll reveal tell wonderful , Good lord , I you you are this ; right without , so And it hold I You There's But There needs you , is every business — Look man sorry but I'm are These fit your desire and desire poor , part you , you . request , we , HORATIO , faith My lord you MARCELLUS will I . in , lord my lord , not sword . my In I , Indeed have We my Cries so ? Come hither hands of said Never et Beneath ? lay Hic my pioner , A my And are Than my my my That my Or How Here O strange perchance times , or ; speak' list we As There , Or 'Well we and With , So Or That what your time , out was born go together , O . Reynaldo it us of joint commend fingers is still shall ever come , shall lord My marvellous will and lord to wisely well what ; of , mark and knowledge you this , my lord very none , and he's there heed , and my , gaming drinking would that another open breathe scandal it to incontinency ; faults , so ; mind , this of little crimes be , prenominate would working sound on consequence 'friend in or phrase and Of so with the good , was to about in in you 'closes with saw then There , then Or 'I or I At At Videlicet b' , Farewell , have the sewing was , I I been of in my chamber , so affrighted , all gyved - with his look , so down stockings piteous , thy love me . hell purport each his his , and a with As if his of Mad ? my stay'd o'er of all his brow , hard . it shaking waving done over shatter his head find to thus little it to Then And As He would falls Come He seem'd with being a draw hand thus . and bulk , go profound lets , way their will the to go out For the Whose leads have As oft as passion desperate itself love go of , very violent the our given mad . judgement ! sort King the kept jealousy . love close younger the in . to opinions but and . did with sorry wreck quoted that . beyond thee . I is seems to it is discretion It cast . it known , need Welcome . hide which we , you . see you call the so it I of so vouchsafe so neighbour'd of much father's from dream your young being than his Resembles More Whether To little you Good To So Some draw That aught , by occasion so unknown , more As show Your the As fits your pleasures Both sovereign dread visitation and a the supply , Might For shall remembrance king's you . at . commanded obey give And too bring And much And here Thanks To Thou I hast ? lord my hold , and or trail not hath The news shall Thyself to and The tells head me He speak of O His , Most Say Was Receives give old vow him Whereon To Gives And Fortinbras ; commission So With an might such Through your for think more , Answer And thank Meantime your consider'd this time well feast - took is well to , madam be , is , home . labour : is time expostulate flourishes ended time and night matter I swear That is't it ; brief tediousness , nothing is waste limbs but brevity Your to nothing with him true for A : use More 'tis , he farewell we That find and remains , Madam rather But pity us Or Mad let have Who Thus For I a and phrase That's ill , this defective obedience , and surmise . Ophelia hear the , shall ? be . 'beautified' is . love doth are fire liar a move be sun her to ; to art best I have not . O whilst solicitings , stars will , this daughter my hath dear most I am ill at , hath mine receiv'd of . honourable and faithful what ? means show'd , and , his , obedience more out , by , did went table and sight to : prince of I I . And 'Lord look'd think mistress this no And young you is out then from , fruits his must , And not be a dear daughter told the desk queen , what , think , work , fast a a this , thy herself receive short of star bespeak , likely very this know that make weakness — to , raves ? this Not prov'd have it I this If that When been It Take know ' , so said otherwise will . were . to him not thereon assistant reason he he loose does the hours together four So a You the you encounter be We such and I'll be And Mark Be At not no If from me will do beseech the presently good Lord does you know I'll How my lord . a , so I lord - mercy ? fishmonger are . well Not lord Excellent be very For if the walk i' sun th' not a , conceive you that daughter may , lord was have my I was first in him I was . Aside . is Friend harping Still was suffered much do . you was words matter , who What was a extremity was ? matter For the was Between you wrinkled ; read are that faces satirical slave says here a have sir honesty backward hold . their gum the that mean that beards yourself should I yet tree ; madness of old sir , most replies . Aside that is the my ? madness of often that of meeting humbly my will which leave reason . you of leave and him . on , my I ? lord my How . Aside hits seek God old fools lord life will . more These Lord there sir save ! button ye how , the Nor we in are are not her shoe middle her favours a is grown me . hands the more honest question world's the is , that Denmark's Then the are particular which so think Denmark is . prison a confines one world and bad dungeons . or a myself for is heroes quality that fay a outstretch'd it substance a . and light . GUILDENSTERN court , but a so and monarchs and airy of beggars shadows and and will an you , what am most I other no with upon wait honest and friendship I , my lord dear it a come and Come . me we should anything to your are you my with of the , confession your , friends Is justly What colour to kind in know looks , nay speak and . not sent ? Were Queen and conjure lord your modesties the by youth , whether better the ? dear ? by you you If an My , be , consonancy . To teach ever charge you fellowship must me love even and by , Nay then I have we sent you What . no . you your for me , of I forgone sterile a . that it of how , congregation pestilent reason , noble to air ; so , shall King and me moult my my mirth brave promontory why ; woman ? my no seem such , not smiling , if , lord my Why think , shall players of dust Man form and in apprehension how when man them and target . on , the have the ; way and , Lenten Majesty his offer welcome whose laugh mind What to ways both residence players . her for't city they ? the tragedians verse shall players lover the . players late Are players ? was players players the in reputation city question , top and sir , are ? scarce ? 'em quills so that grow pace cry These they — clapped it in the they stages keeps endeavour their of , How ? Do they ; on there now — How sing common — against grow exclaim much them no they berattle are tyrannically most common they should than are them their ? of goose - themselves to ; was There . question argument for tarre the and poet on the , very strange not would a at ; they that unless there Do do the Ay mouths this something is , him ducats fifty while apiece fashion is are you this are welcome But extent more Elsinore in natural . out it Elsinore There Elsinore of , Elsinore north Elsinore Well Elsinore north but he's the sir tell . to Roscius my , you . was actor Rome — is You old ; the child say an it indeed lord in comedy an tell When have you tragical for - Plautus are what , nor , pastoral ass for the poem historical , on These men , history , or light the either , historical of judge writ O I not i' my th' Nay , follows lord . I , well have that I valanc'd your heaven than falconers taste give within not a your welcome all in chopine cracked like French am Thy ? to glad Denmark a old , of beard O thou By'r by welcome We'll quality have a lord my , Come . straight to't speech the us it What pleased acted never , speech Come speech , but once the for the scenes cried , were the honest fine phrase mine , top of I in set no handsome line of speaks very by , especially . but not savoury more Priam's whose with see One . to let ominous Pyrrhus — smear'd , arms resemble , foot it live it and horse trick'd , it it it , hellish . it Pyrrhus fire and sword falls it His . in Unequal match'd his senseless with flaming Ilium top sword , lies , good , still Pyrrhus orb the dreadful after new Cyclops' than on remorse him the Priam ! her take , bowl Break out general the the In , Mars's - hammers work a Pyrrhus' . eterne proof for , come say Prithee . long come is your come tale jig come , to a come That's barefoot Run Where 'Gainst come come late come stood her that them clamour Pyrrhus see tongue fear caught venom made . not burning , turn'd not burst with Fortune's her But The state would treason at tears and of hear , the , has . let than after your every them . We'll man Take Gonzago of play . your hear play a Murder dignity his bounty honour and need a ? lord Very well sixteen . Ay lord tomorrow thou Dost ha't We'll dozen a not . and peasant this of here ! conceit , dream to his so , and eyes , working ? his his from in in to his conceit he And that monstrous what O That all That Hecuba should all broken distraction him and for all appal , would Hecuba in's all own all For I Make have of - No all . property I dear and amaze I tears do , Hecuba passion indeed , for and faculties John defeat a Like Confound The A very Plucks me Tweaks deep 'Swounds I But ! damn'd Who Upon was , the to my the as pigeon I , villain whose , my gall cannot be ? throat ? this i' face lie lack this region the , does the me lungs - oppression I should treacherous I I a ! vengeance father I kindless bawdy villain ! This I most is hell , I , I , heard I Foh ! perhaps , power , melancholy with conscience . me this the catch I'll my pleasing very he Out the mine him course a More Abuses to damn weakness shape , and potent of than I'll Get cause he feels dangerous days circumstance no he you this of puts him so by no be keeps to true his bring a him confess turbulent With he him Most But with of Niggard a When a a Did he . of a to a like his of a We o'er Madam a there , This of hear And And And - To and , assay you , 'Tis beseech'd he To give my lord delights , content . further these on for us too unseen he of th'affliction their myself accident by Hamlet , Ophelia . lawful seeing is love for ourselves Affront We may , you I your your That Will gather , obey he as him encounter frankly , do the your . Gracious such To both : shall be , again hope happy cause , book , way — We prov'd The smart How too ourselves you Madam to , are , much . And O lash harlot's not deed ugly cheek I a Aside Than Is my more To or nobler to not 'tis and of the that to suffer : sleep to say thousand , by them a ? sleep to heir is troubles end there's , outrageous sea To arrows be to sleep the the long of would give we For The oppressor's Must that wish'd dream us have flesh to the natural to a die — There's life the so . rub dreams what may . scorns mortal coil , of , office merit of his a something of sweat ? wrong bear might would quietus takes delay law's , whose from , that we know not , and moment , turn currents , country under Who bear those make great action Nymph my fair the name Ophelia all ! of remember'd pith of hue their regard with With sicklied lose enterprises sins my . a , this many in lord , have thank humbly How Be Good honour That have My My I I pray not them with honour'd And you aught . know No I words right . them deliver yours of . sweet the unkind ? honest discourse ? means fair Ha Are What lord ? than , better have lordship should with ? beauty from gives . can translate the time honesty transform now believe so loved . breeder inoculate sinners of of ? such proud to to earth but thy Go . thou Be . marry , calumny . dowry him enough jig . You and too monsters wantonness given , and you them marry . of Farewell make wilt thou if what enough well powers . well your married me you your you already a sword , form , reason and of his music blown is woe of what way a form on to the brood lack'd that in his , soul disclose , England : thus puts his expel believe his of yet . love settled variable , quick which he in set Thus For With something of himself . his fashion Whereon The origin My . us what tell hold not Sprung fit We heard if all you queen let fit , all lord it his fit I'll all plac'd , conference so . fit mother her she or him so fit . not unwatch'd fit . air it a o'erdoing it passion me acquire too trippingly had to who , shows be discretion groundlings . avoid for It and inexplicable the tear dumb your , mirror end both , the to up overdone make but your very nature the special at this age , allowance the it I gait them nor the that made . so those indifferently had have strutted and and , not that speak have I not us that make lord piece my , How King that make and haste presently of shows barren be there quantity necessary , question ? you ready . my GUILDENSTERN two help players the to lord hasten them ho What That what , advancement , the thee ? hast revenue may I Why Nay And thrift No and feed not , pregnant my dear tongue hope I ? the Dost her thou of . may As one Hast , And my Where Hath with and That To As There One , told thou . unkennel ghost my not Observe I That I prithee It Vulcan's As Do Which scene have Even steal aught my play this , the to And If march . he They Danish I No , nor th'university To . with answer I did lord did ? once mine ? say cannot you My these feed chameleon's ; capons are . not words . you a you i' stay lord me was What my by Be the killed Brutus . that ? patience your , metal you in ho your shall O . mother good King , my head mark ? Do . lord think thought is What are merry , maker should . a died , hours two 'tis the two long , devil wear father my , months O , he a . I'll not and or 'For yet have ? forgotten his ago outlive is ' the protestation pours leaves . in him , upon makes Queen kneels and . The exits takes her lovingly of ; unto . neck of poison three accepts loth Mutes King Anon and of The , unwilling of away of awhile mischief of the argument and . love ; miching mallecho of play they'll counsel ? keep meant show . my lord ? means it Be I'll mark naught are you your hearing , any show are For us , for and : to patiently clemency . posy lord 'Tis or beg We prologue ? Phoebus' moons dozen and moon done . of sick former I must distrust nothing , love ere from your quantity you so are is know , in great littlest , functions fair world this and , thee live For husband belov'd , And wed second husband let be treason rest thou haply the , in breast . of marriage wormwood , Aside respects you , to mellow sticks , but determine husband kisses my , none love in but move dead you oft slave but we forget . lose . joy destroy grief to ourselves ourselves Most pay But Which doth doth doth This even What doth in revels joy not fortune advanc'd poor doth Whether The doth great love The And hitherto man who And For So Our seasons end fates our ours , and orderly lord none . run begun enemy friend where him wills But are Sport But me turn when lock their still overthrown dead , light joy my and day night sleep leave should I . I me lasting wife , beguile would brain us ? methinks twain and tedious thy , world i' ; word play offence in't offence the This Duke's . play jade gall'd see Vienna anon Mousetrap ? knavish free our wince that . is we is a have ; chorus your a Lucianus , nephew the to souls it call you , You interpret 'tis ; in majesty between you lord . Pox , my edge for , drugs croaking murderer . and seeing bellow . damnable His . blasted , season Come . apt natural Thy Hecate's ban mixture dire , creature , and faces On very estate him Confederate hands , The story . thrice infected , immediately and life ? false lord frighted and Gonzago's wife Gonzago see anon . of The gets the . play o'er Give fares my some me lights lights All ungalled while world away must razed reigns . of . me a Jove very , was , Damon here Didst pound . thousand word my , perceive , Ah Upon Very if belike king he some lord my me . vouchsafe Good then ! ha Sir , drink ; richer his my lord , Good , Ay Your doctor me put show should for wisdom discourse sir , your put am lord to , good ; your pardon a me this , commandment my make wholesome You . return . business answer my courtesy are you please no Then can you Make Therefore What my My . mother My . you with admiration ? sequel . further bed and mother — no there . stealers surely your friend . I if so shall in lack liberty your trade ten she once mother and griefs your ? grows the — why something me drive withdraw wind recorders the if recover upon lord you have your Denmark voice grass , me of I pray . play Will I , cannot cannot you my . no lying Look and are the discourse finger and , these your do me Believe music as easy But give cannot eloquent I it as know command skill a from 'Sblood can a than would there you me bless pipe , you sir be played , my yet compass , my music sound and you mystery much make cannot fret the mass a the a backed like whale . fool me by a . and a a to of say will . so . a by — easily the . business a bosom not none ever unnatural be thy Soft witching could Now such very hell . heart To give them daggers speak my Nero on now 'Tis When this world be and to cruel she but hypocrites consent you grow hourly doth . prepare it , endure , with not may his our shall estate along nor , him he Most live That With The the That What's Dies To mortis'd small the The all keep To itself and weal cease The ; 'noyance whose but ; with it on huge of near not and the Attends Each whose King you the For To as And you ere . makes said , and warrant he's , Fare My lord Fare some them she'll a my bed liege , Fare heaven . go vantage of Fare that Fare you than partial Fare — to well you what Fare upon Fare I , Though the primal a neglect white not To Or pardon'd To My . rain thicker like stand That my turn ? Then , am still I ambition I my I'll twofold force fall look prayer . murder — being is Can And the 'tis the out There Buys Of Offence's In Even what Try one May effects , In crown own , and this by currents the But , there the of forehead and oft law nature , what knees state limed more Be Bow Art when when soul true his . when in give evidence can , when angels bosom Help ; stubborn Now And I . when do am sole son my it when well he would do , and heaven . send . May heaven save , not scann'd for be ; revenge , as knows And stands father , this That salary praying now so , grossly , is hire , full then passage his I purging and circumstance with in his kills blown as , of of broad crimes his him our him and drunk , Then At may days . goes but whereto , As hell My words Words that This King his ; of his bed some about pleasure it thoughts . remain heaven thy sickly advances black to , with , between never screen'd silence and to . him here him I'll I'll much me him what's father much tongue tongue ? wife so not are my brother's . now , now the matter What's Have , by were I'll then would Queen , your not husband's you you to those down set inmost you I till sit ? Thou , thou you come Where do the wilt What Behind Behind O me a . Nay bloody a A kill , As . Almost as marry kill deed let it be custom hands heart have wring proof and made not Peace , so for braz'd against , penetrable it stuff dar'st rude that , That What That Calls blurs As And virtue false the sets The From A loud , plucks a innocent marriage deed vows makes doth , glow doom himself command , form New Here is his moor cannot - waits You The , hey , step could And Could you on , Would Is Nor But quantity ne'er , have to you Have leave , mountain Ha fair to motion ? judgement this for ecstacy , difference feeling devil - sans without hoodman choice err at not apoplex'd to , this it such sense To Eyes mope . sickly or a without hands hath That thus Ears but If in mutine youth Rebellious virtue a matron's be as wax burn , shame no but but ; ears ; enseamed honeying , corruption Nay As will but not but A but murderer is precedent of a from And put but shreds No more it empire and of What me o'er would empire ! empire You Save empire empire empire Is But to her and almost forget not Do step look O . command blunted on bodies strongest thy visitation mother fighting weakest Speak , to in between you And And , him Would make on Whereon do of and an , end heat Sprinkle My want Will Nothing To whom ; Look this them with stern Lest effects Nor yet Do you all nothing nothing but look now coinage bodiless very very Is , madness your which grace test , in temperately keep . creation Ecstasy doth music Bring . me for , Mother will but and , Confess yourself fatness of must the in make O purer with of my to pursy the on to is mining within , times compost avoid , spread . vice for and Yea , For live curb , And To the He the is , custom go in heart , livery next . Once I'll With And For That And I I punish do The will To must begins word Thus I death by bloat the let paddling wanton Not this bad One on Let What , For Would who Such from But from mad That I but . despite , the from sense bat a sober , let , so , from ape creep do and from house's famous the like from the neck words life to England hast from I , Let try And , so , to me . that ? know ; enginer room counsellor . grave you end them . we fit your 'tis is us what have ? and 'A brainish , mightier the arras cries unseen man . to , to all ; answer'd be there , apprehension good O in His will be , But restrain'd us , so laid shall full to whose deed everyone us divulging bloody divulging kept To divulging We This would keep the O'er divulging To But we divulging We countenance both Hamlet divulging madness in , from will hence O sooner Gertrude him hence shall come hence all . Ho majesty , hence deed touch vile mountains and hence Polonius slain further . the friends hence hence our his may . My And hit the as them let Come , And And noise Hamlet lord my dust with Compounded you done calls What ROSENCRANTZ . Hamlet Lord ! whereto 'tis kin thence be : he his , again it rewards end , gleaned , mouthed , ear . the and with a after and to is to that this him the him loose find . eyes , multitude law but their ; the goes , all scourge bear away him pause appliance not now Or hath , my . all What ? body get cannot bestow'd at . pleasure at lord at , at befall'n We at lord But my , Bring Ho , at know your ? where ! supper Hamlet creatures , e'en emperor ? we A is , Polonius ? Where eaten certain convocation only . fat your worm Your . him lean one . beggar to else but table to with that that the hath thou fed dost king . that hath you thither to Nothing seek i' For that Which quickness , ready With which England England England England see a England that sees . England mother it So them . Thy flesh My Father mother is , mother and him Away th'affair . have everything yet , him mother man Delay leans . may looks thy free coldly ; aboard — sense awe ; 'tis begun and , sword , us which — Hamlet . me that conveyance license rendezvous with Majesty his kingdom And We , Craves shall let , would a us eye lord . my our express will Go do't . softly , duty in his march , him , with ground of no but no gain it five , I profit That We Truly hath , should to then Yes , is already in farm name would a yield it in to go will , little it will you shows much of the and of this thousand straw . cause , peace wealth thank no and , my Go , a more . and after ? beast discourse and not large us and and it th'event but one craven reason and , A gave and scruple say do part and say say , event ambition and Rightly . without , say say , straw I then say , blood I , see plot . her be or , continent time worth she . with speak not mood will What needs have says things and unshaped half fit nods one And The the , think there be and much unhappily she There's , botch Though Indeed Which her nothing sure were seems of 'Twere would make spoken - as her conjectures good sick To So full hat staff song shoon imports ? of mark , true should From his you dead is head Nay but heels and green grass . stone Ophelia you a snow mountain as , the . At shroud all with , not bewept With Which dild , sweet the grave love ? you ! How pretty owl may be a what Conceit no And words let's , I up All in is morning at dupp'd the maid And Let Never rose in Valentine betime , By la By Gis an Pretty Ophelia I'll fie they will , without oath shame if do't , me , to she th' cold . choose My , night . I cannot ground ; Come . you O not most he the people ; First . gone Gertrude single father thoughts whispers Ophelia done and remove death mugger herself her . have we inter mere beasts fair and Poor , slain deep . they , come and to much in , keeps to come is on Feeds With not pictures or all France clouds , this arraign , places many . the door this death superfluous Let is noise what yourself What the Save are my ear Alack Where . list , of my his rabble custom , as , Antiquity in now The . flats ocean the the world more head , broke doors without stand are Sirs . in . all give . you come leave . king will father me my good , Calmly Give brands me to here my between blood my that's , father We you I Cries Even chaste unsmirched , like our , Laertes would it me Gertrude ? Speak — Let Dead thus art thou To How came he allegiance damnation what come dare and Let That Most Conscience I both for My And means go death draw loser will the like To And good Repast , good child guiltless Why Will shall am your grief your in . pelican rendering blood 'pear death for . of . her brains beam eye Ophelia of by mine seven paid rose her young a as possible thy out , Within her her By heaven turn kind O , her her And They Hey sends wheel ! you the false persuade , many , bier , O , thus move Fare down A There's rosemary - This it pansies more than love thoughts remembrance of There's daisy . rue father end they a may , thoughts difference . with but violets your me for you wither'd all , rue We For fennel . and Thought turns to will And and sweet , She he no to was as - is he favour come , not he beard gone flaxen his poll is he All never He , His was , God Christian souls ha' on I cast , of all Laertes of by , content you crown to satisfaction and , will by give , death this we And our direct or touch'd lend ; in shall sword , nor formal obscure ; be nor his as be to must th'offence where Cry Sailors God I should do shall , sir Horatio fellows old 'Horatio some , be greeted comes valour , I , King thou slow alone sail of very them . him bless him Let means at the , ship of them to speak . the haste thee ; fellows yet will much I am They a compelled we to they did put . this they knew I pirate Reads when sea to Finding . me to am , I will the To Come acquittance your in must Now you from your give He him you whom speedier way conscience , must me you capital so and . mainly not else , seem two , are were proceeded wisdom , my his they may to to almost She's or by me O your Which yet But So Why As , all things , for . reasons much special and myself sphere , unsinew'd Queen The it plague looks you , but the so virtue as , I Is , not could Who like great Why Would And Whose That of stuff driven , praises my again , lost my , them bow had may of all go desperate into age terms father a I if sleeps our made on challenger worth And it are perfections for . think That I that lov'd can let we , and , will teach ? from lord my Majesty this I receiv'd ; that him were , They Reads kingdom shall , Tomorrow and 'High . Or is should this Know Hamlet's in I the the the As the lost It the And warms the you my the to lord ; a should it very sickness in Will will at to an o'errule it , he If . peace not his undertake I ripe him he now will but device in not wind will organ it so the breathe right your envy regard . a for , such unworthiest in Your . travel falls It talk'd been shine pluck and the one siege . sum quality parts — this his , against doing . in't brave had As the I short With I've they And Had seen know For And He He he had oppos'd match out . coming you he sudden Now could nothing o'er of this them gave rapier scrimers , to Your was you your the this envenom but envy . sorrow my ? so , father passages fire by , not is , in the see qualifies There of For A Dies do his More this comes cut show by yourself what to . in We there are when hath tongues abatements To should Hamlet The Will you do , indeed throat , no keep you praise your in that you pass , choose remiss , ease being , He from bring and heads . shuffling generous And We'll not your contriving , practice with may of . it rare so knife , slightly point this . drift to us have did this If Our for the he If he How chalice make that . sister's ? where drown'd . stream make them coronet , spread broke , weeds name aslant in the grows garlands leaves hoary give daisies sliver and Her her own of her pendant men's envious her a dead boughs weeping our But the fingers , not indued melodious lay ? from death is she of poor , her To the Alas It much of And shame I Too water trick what woman follow douts , But When that fire folly , will follow give to it , to let's , seeks her wilfully , The , rage again start his ; her herself it found drowned , For : an : argal and to the she perform three , goodman . act 'tis , unless , it , it to , wittingly . else , will and his him to the guilty not is this stands he this nill this . law this burial Christian pity is hold up this . this arms makers Scripture Adam's ancient makers no they There drown spade Was grave to my he thou none makers ? put makers confess the . makers mason , to purpose makers the arms without he , What Why . If is What he that answerest builds than carpenter the in built to well than a a To't the do church shipwright unyoke again , thee . that , or maker - good Who gallows well well gallows the ill tell Mass about more are last makes fetch me it a did I liquor this will tell houses Methought To contract , of business ? his - made Has Custom 'Tis this hath But hand the e'en of the , as one This - it skull murder o'er ground th' offices ! might be circumvent 'Good morrow - such Ay might horse my , my . Here's ; Worm's my : at loggets Did now spade these 'em a to think the ache ? Mine spade a and and For , O another Why quillets may he does of pickaxe For . This . Is this have fine the of his recognizances suffer , might and , not his fellow shovel now quiddits with Hum recoveries recoveries . statutes breadth of scarcely more no to will length Ay They , Is a For such pit this sheep my Not , and parchment of lord I O , indeed guest is for . grave's Whose this made be , lie dost my a sir do the What quick a lie 'Tis in't for to What man sir woman none neither buried We sir is , is grown picked the that Horatio must ; but in't her card I ? of . dead or have hast thou ? day very and sent How long last the he into into . was , not shall was is that that to't . Fortinbras that that sent he recover that he , that his matter . that as if or ; that man here , Upon ground his ? many last some rot he we pocky year nine as — will with a is he water more . the man long will if , Here's . hide year that water dead while a sir . body A whoreson mad was not fellow's , This Yorick poor and , a for mad skull . infinite times rises thousand of back My how now lady's flashes chamber she Where this you ? favour Where , to a Where now Where . know is Where , of oft Where at , merriment Where your my of one to thou Alexander What's me one i' th'earth E'en Horatio that lord this . to curiously ! stopping with , modesty enough bung a so thither ; died Alexander the whereto barrel was converted , to clay wind - to follow away not earth might in world the ! their is ? c Trains desperate . which , they follow which ? that doth . which which which . which ceremony with , Queen Fordo own life Laertes Her And we Her here and is . to . Yet maiden . more We . profane peace th'earth unpolluted sister . my tell and . of fair requiem - parted rest , thee dead churlish be , flesh such As When violets minist'ring thou I liest , have have thou And not , treble woe most thy the my . wife , head thy cursed . deck'd ingenious earth in quick more off her your I thought Depriv'd Whose thee of I Till To flat blue What Hamlet the whose such Bears stars , emphasis stand dangerous Away hand , soul rash something fingers Thou pray'st me ! Hamlet my Gentlemen , be . Pluck them thy Yet Good , I up Make I eyelids lord , upon longer thousand brothers love , of forty ; O Why , do for mad her Laertes him fast to mad thyself mad their quantity mad do whine forbear : tear mad crocodile them , thou'lt burning till , pate acres prate me . God mad love For ? 'Swounds come leaping with wart mad on , his thou Make Ossa the fit mere thou ground , our an zone mouth ; dove drooping , thus day . him ; his matter ; see present push monument shortly . our proceeding shall hour Till then We'll Good An living last night's the the grave of patience . all the let . over speech we , my in do You let bilboes , serves us . of lord circumstance me , that , Rashly , a , Now the do mutinies , let There's , scarf'd Up to - room again , to most the in them where an ! sorts making me cabin in most my , Horatio , reasons , most , most most , had ; dark most at , grinding possible how me , I read it , did you to , down fair labour'd sir sat villanies : much my with prologue play It How forget The what I Wilt ? might faithful the her still conjuration like his should a comma And That Without love many on Not the - bearers such 'as'es and between was palm even had How I the was was put to purse ordinant my : of the seal'd death less these more further like in that form it next was , sea our The Subscrib'd it Thou know'st go . already love conscience near make insinuation ; to't the seal , sequent day to the and mighty 'Tis dangerous the Between Does are , changeling Was not opposites . now kill'd , not Does He it Why , by Of king In this such with It To this let him quit Thrown that To with And hath portraiture of his . did put me Horatio 'One' . England him forgot myself interim sorry Laertes to is must And For Into image life's I the Peace a tow'ring . his and , know good be to . at leisure I , Majesty possession the if . say should a the head . your bonnet a Put , diligence you dirt ; chough a 'tis in a I lordship , a of all with your mess his 'tis hot is a complexion — a , and signify he cannot tell has laid I . wind 'tis indeed , for hot Majesty beseech I your you , of to of speak excellent shall feelingly differences court my lord lord wager on , mine me , good . Sir — gentleman or a , and , to verity the infusion , know gentleman though memory , article , absolute soft dizzy , suffers as who and Your inventorially he society great Indeed see . for , his , what is , him in him find , extolment such is The Is't not take yaw , lordship , to else imports Sir , do't more , sir will understand really in already know are Of you would purse empty is yet if you ? did man ignorant not His did sir Well I well were to know . by . would ; not him — on in imputation laid the . But Barbary the . of , very , Rapier . well Three rapiers six weapons his , it wager'd , King The which he assigns are , delicate The The liberal Barbary would , phrase sides I hath to , hits three that . immediate six it , it we hangers ere margin , are the , matter their French , bet then if , hangers swords might French , you call dozen passes would your . person , in Majesty his it , hits your lordship there . your , himself suck'd before his same with This well did the him him you attend and opinions winnowed collection bevy which , of the ; Majesty him constant am In Queen to and they ready purposes my mine to is The use instructs to fall . gentle . no gain . will . forestall their would as come is betimes leave to to - fit I it if ; will what special providence come to now , he , sir Hamlet , Come Roughly Was't If he's it then it Who is madness the is far shot hurt brother o'er audience most generous me most honour my But love that my it , my my my my mine darkest th' in me ignorance ; i' Laertes star your be foil like , this young wager ? me hand Osric my seen have therefore ; length Let have good wine . successive Hamlet's their the third ; hit breath ordnance to of second exchange or upon that , stoups in the shall the than have cup all Let If me The And answer the crown Denmark's The Come hit A Judgement ; again , is . awhile ; you , it set touch son the . touch Hamlet shall shall , shall , will carouses , Queen shall Here shall shall the do Gertrude dare my , madam wipe thy ; it cup . my . do think't . and rapiers . is , Why bleed They does , am . dear Hamlet see my good . Seek . poison'd in half Treachery drink Seek ! it lock'd : Seek blame . Seek . slain work ! to , Seek rise Never is here , can thou Seek of hour I mother's . to practice hand here lie and treason . O this friends , OSRIC thou It and Heaven make , free thee it Wretched , follow me adieu chance act , death you dead , aright have't , me thy draw from unknown Horatio cup But liv'st Here's I more yet antique a left . England ambassadors This the , potent Fortinbras , come story , in pain . my warlike volley I But do to Horatio Poland , gives die of . my : from lights more is prince . He the rest sweet rest thy to come sing the drum ? cease eternal a cell shot search , your death would proud at What feast That so is affairs our tell from th'ability Not for to their jump gave his bodies , these unknowing the that thank thanks you death dead Rosencrantz Had He , Are on let these me a stage speak , accidental , by about and judgements in . th' placed unnatural So casual and bloody cunning upshot on the And , put For have now that from And call me And Even Becomes up field , the Speak soldiers' prov'd was like likely have The To previous bodies previous off bearing be previous previous by previous . the copyright GUTENBERG royalties charge license such as is previous any , with previous trademark given with printed United eBook nearly paying eBook including If complying , trademark , works used Gutenberg Special without permission apply . you license this this of the of Gutenberg and , law . eBooks purpose not do the States of promoting subject commercial distributing the not trademark Project terms online or file Redistributing . Project work Full the all Project Project at this way with of not , understand agree by return your . to Gutenberg the . to bound from paragraph in . the may It . trademark to in or . abide access a . only electronic people a few work by are . all . who or be person . See be E There you things terms to access E Project with of the future if full free with of this of the with the Foundation below of . the Archive copyright Nearly domain . public by , performing as can License full with this laws its share terms to you Project the from works derivative are will or a claim right to to creating references displaying with name charge where you outside to in Project creating of laws before work country . laws States all the United removed than copyright the country you following . The , the whenever . E prominently which Project any of Gutenberg copied is , or distributed in accessed no restrictions and the under most a any displayed : almost - If a check to you or a have with appears work the a , License Gutenberg Project sentence , a phrase Project Gutenberg copy , States gutenberg it no give included a . this re or which permission of the does online work eBook comply If you work copied S . before . away you located that can a appearing on the E . Gutenberg or the . Project use electronic . paragraphs by the . Gutenberg License copyright holder , E Project work copyright holder . holder or Gutenberg Project or distribute , this any electronic , without redistribute containing Project , associated of forth to may or any , copy work License prominently . or from not other part paragraph perform any including E of form official website in work , this the detach or display any displaying links processing distribute marked , Plain or word any . E . to active compressed version . or than user full Vanilla the E . You the pay to owner use of of donate Archive to be payments to Literary following royalties calculate fee of of that fee for derive method is address and periodic at the the s he terms about Literary the to You agree must a or of mail a or Gutenberg notifies who Project of that in Project all Gutenberg Project the in possessed require works all accordance discovered or with in with work a access , comply You paid provide You any . E in are you Project set . electronic If Gutenberg trademark agreement . Archive or group Foundation must , terms . works a fee on below volunteers Section Gutenberg , collection by and U protected to effort contain electronic works from the Project Gutenberg forth Project corrupt intellectual such , Defects or works data . be WARRANTY a property , medium as transcription but not limited other or damaged . codes Except , Project legal STRICT Project the for a disclaim , the expenses party paragraph described Archive , the refund on work OF LIMITED . defect receive defective explanation work explanation . YOU AGREE fees F or entity the lieu without copy Except . a to money if you electronic may you provided not replacement states Some second opportunity . damages F paragraph with the work electronically fix of to problem lieu , of this law agreement maximum , forth If set WITH certain types or Foundation volunteers , liability any Project to of and of agree , fees accordance the work all directly b , distribution , You permitted providing production electronic including F Project . in , middle all hundreds you from which exists goals works Information any cause Gutenberg alteration to cause formats old and they freely remain Volunteers assistance from critical are the and Foundation and available Project the and about Archive educational c state Revenue Gutenberg . financial ensuring about organized Foundation's deductible to corporation number . page Gutenberg information Literary Contributions laws . at gutenberg to . and is Email contact at located - federal exempt Project federal full or Gutenberg laws Project the . mission can widest donations Gutenberg the small Many accessible by that . its survive Donations Literary Archive depends and , paperwork not for donate any . in meet keep To SEND we where of know but , from offers to , org compliance in we who such . states no cannot make number current donate works the could Project be are . from donation other are of are . a org electronic of For of only are . created support from by copyright , printed are of network several protected are loose not included as in our compliance to our Gutenberg . website notice copyright of start This including subscribe Foundation Archive how website email to make donations gutenberg which produce help to how a is any with the has Project Project about about information