Who's and yourself . hour Stand Stand your Stand ! Stand . the live Stand carefully Have And Stand Not had Well and Marcellus make , watch I this 'Tis now struck am sick at do of them my meet Horatio bid . there Who , I hear to . hath - good , you you him there ? again has , Welcome What this thing Horatio sight watch our speak of apparition it him seen of him night , hold entreated I Therefore That down we Sit us are let And That same And made burns course bell The yond the King Look where that's . wonder and comes , Denmark warlike and of the with thou ? is speak Stay 'Tis gone ! answer ! look . pale ! avouch ! on ! ice strange . 'Tis sledded Polacks in an . parle angry had . state jump he scope work gone at dead this strange some bodes Good In twice martial stalk same down the what of I eruption and tell observant watch to to strict cast implements my know not ; he land , task . week sore last us , pride valiant esteem'd emulate Fortinbras a , by our to of , a , and ratified Well by by the same cov'nant Fortinbras young , resolutes , to lawless and full , design'd Fortinbras , and other no here sir , Norway of well stomach diet of ; in't , compulsatory doth to terms Is his the of source Of The So think main motive And of appear there lands the the , take , those strong our recover But us by , rummage and watch . our lost post it may armed was most ere tenantless and in the moist of streets sheeted gibber of ; the eclipse . fell state trouble Comes The A mote squeak little the A That the trains Disasters As to like prologue Have But in the Neptune's with on demonstrated . Stay of sound , or me me thing to be . and . to good ease to . to thy , me , it , Lo ! though any any thee there to be That may If If speak speak which speak For if , speak happily in thou O speak Extorted Shall speak Speak speak here here here here here 'Tis gone here being air here blows the show malicious when I like a , summons the speak , the and ; in of probation . abroad ; long dare all is that stir , comes crowing crowing crowing it , crowing . crowing , crowing life speak this our with duty it , tonight , death befitted kingdom , one and herein dole barr'd in marriage , him , nature ; woe with on one fought of sorrow of discretion hath far so wisest with we That Have equal to and to with our Th'imperial we in better wisdoms nor auspicious scale weighing our warlike a with have delight 'twere this dirge joy defeated dropping gone and eye freely our thanks Fortinbras , frame young all have For , you that know of late our disjoint be to by Now Lost He hears levies here rid purpose bed , subject : and - and business gait full uncle , his of Cornelius ; herein father , with So have to the are we nephew's impotent this His to of You Out Giving you dilated King to . your . duty . made suppress in , here Norway duty the power , you , further , VOLTEMAND will heartily What is't , news Dane the with thou to the mouth thy not heart asking , thy Laertes to , beg you the France . coronation to Denmark , done , France . toward says me your bow My From from last bend leave . slow bend and again bend his do thy fair , bend Have And father's my leave gracious leave bend Polonius pardon bend What ? petition wrung you bend Take hour my now A it that cousin best And thy I is the you beseech graces little spend and thy time it at my , and less Hamlet kin still , Not so my , How Seems , madam Ay know'st thy Passing Seek Thou 'Tis Nor the , the denote can all fruitful truly might a . with seems Why it solemn breath , know , mother , good man of suits forms suspiration haviour dejected moods , the visage of play eye , heaven father suits woe ; of Hamlet , passeth which in the , father mourning lost father we the ? dead be and and is ; most , vulgar our sense , common , theme common fault a , absurd the should to it In filial unfortified An shows obstinate 'Tis is But . obsequious will simple know against reason the From A Take As of so ' to the world you nobility dearest less let father the which toward most We corse a And most retrograde think , for chiefest Our pray stay courtier . father no unprevailing ; immediate you comfort and we Let I And in mother lose , to prayers obey ; her with fair . accord , Hamlet whereof ; today of ; that cannon rouse speaking King's Come . health earthly shall Denmark clouds flesh a in thunder heaven and gentle This O And grace too itself come gross and this ! nature in garden ! unweeded unprofitable O ! fix'd would not ! melt O world to dew had on't too this Thaw Fie to , Everlasting , His and slaughter , the all an , not ! God God flat fie ; satyr too it me Let Visit Niobe Like A O Would have My and yet and . married more her in the and left Had Ere She With O incestuous and of Within a wicked cannot come sheets , and speed ! tongue good . and , is But that , The change same Horatio am break I Hail Sir your I'll what . even am My — you violence . Horatio from disposition hear you Nor do . make shall not it affair I know to came is your me fellow your in no truant say are your that Elsinore . see follow'd to not , would so enemy your to what yourself of deep drink you mother's see father's you ere was , my , it funeral wedding . student . my hard , Did ever My father In once look , a was saw I , my had I dearest day see I my that lord my methinks My saw I think I , The Saw lord He him ; he was for like again . take My In the waste on your , their the solemn and : them . together these of cap exactly had surprised march watch , father - thrice , fear - with at Armed Been thus Appears dumb Almost Within By Goes the third ; and truncheon's to , In thing comes are deliver'd each . knew night secrecy impart to the speak slow with jelly and not his Stand And Where of the The apparition they act them where like your made upon this to it ; and where we . true both , not But It My , hands did I , it ? methought address speak loud did would . lord cock the lifted 'Tis very . away yet morning duty 'tis our true . me troubles this honour'd down of know , you sirs , did let think it To to his . up anger his , from head to wore there . had you upon Nay , And fix'd would would Most very like , While with one His , If to noble hell I though assume , peace hitherto my itself ; sight , all should , still tongue no tonight So , shall 'twixt eleven fare but loves visit . I'll platform silence conceal'd and . eyes the night : is deeds . rise come ! will were well would : my o'erwhelm foul to them to honour your you mine ! arms , foul still play some father's spirit sit in soul . do , Farewell not you . the are , assistant , doubt trifling of winds sleep ; lasting primy blood ; nature in ? his more , and Grows loves not does it No the youth of ; waxes , besmirch alone , birth fear , choice do his unvalu'd as himself for choice not you mind this more himself is he bulk withal his will Perhaps service inward His The greatness weigh'd of virtue for and must health ; wisdom so on subject to head fits As is sanctity he It the and He Fear keep you in fear your honour withal . sister , desire . the strokes enough calumnious not is your dear treasure affection open . moon of disclos'd my of danger dew imminent in fear importunity unmaster'd the shot galls morn are most , lesson none lies spring my some as not I their infants do heaven way thorny to , and ungracious good good . pastors , of dalliance rede his own reckless . stay A double O I too long Occasion , here stay'd And wind these sits Laertes in . Give unproportion'd character few any unto But not thy , Those Be Give each Take man's express'd the of And For apparel of France most they a Neither For a borrower thine edge the of night own this your leave season false , go remember to memory hath , please keep Ophelia touching keep Lord late keep you and free and . keep Hamlet keep : keep of . put I — so been , so to — audience as , on me tell , a more pay ; his countenance all given you hath , fashion With springes the When the , Lends Giving Even more Be your command scanter take , fire your at of these how woodcocks : for not in You Than And be with may believe of that Breathing But better not Have , give to't , shall The air is nipping a hour now of is it , No I It heard I ? Indeed It twelve struck lacks . the near walk bray reels ; out Rhenish rouse , my lord of down , nations at Makes achievements Soil The our So oft birth in That From clepe traduc'd and They virtues From in Shall the all that Be of com'st to thee Dane , O I'll or goblin hell of death , me tell Hamlet of , jaws sepulchre inurn'd marble mean of this quietly ! ponderous in of complete the hideous corse again of in may and why cerements thee again up the of ; bones in . royal reaches and of , steel , do ? nature we it did alone away impartment action courteous go a As It if you you not by No ; speak then , do what , not waves It will It And Or That beetles What The there Which a Being it draw into assume you deprive And hears I'll You rul'd not out , go . Hold your your your And Be your you your your body . your . me lets follow I'll imagination obey desperate not in rotten what after Doom'd the my done days when ? spirit , am to art a for I term to fires blood , father's , thou shalt hear forbid , am , end on to their word spheres , nature house of , love father list O unnatural murder be . locks to combined start thy hair upon quills Like flesh To particular and each Thy this didst of But blood O Revenge ears most As that and as wings it strange most — of . apt to or love fat the the me know't And itself ease thee hear weed swift Denmark whole be my , unnatural , life crown know that so , wharf , Hamlet of , youth ! thy of father's gifts traitorous orchard beast , power shameful that So O With wicked to Hamlet , The it will wit of , Ay witchcraft , To Upon hand , love a , From O made , I mine a lewdness , soft So Though . in lust of Will in But sate itself on I methinks to in in prey scent garbage a radiant shape angel poor be ; of will , in a as it never mov'd in , in ; pour air did orchard , bark'd So droppings with crown of , was Thus life Cut The thin a All With all sleeping of queen body vile posset ; doth it a blood wholesome most , instant in like by smooth disappointed but thee , horrible in royal and not couch howsoever thy not But A Taint mother sting bed pursu'st let act , contrive , lodge ! at well to Remember fire . near be . incest . be damned this soul ; thy nor leave her luxury for those aught thorns mind her - to thy and worm glow pale O stiffly ghost distracted , I'll To the Hold my fond , shall alone all , trivial the and all of . Yes forms matter woman my copied pernicious all observation smiling ! damned volume most , villain it it may is and set I to my Denmark down villain . Now remember so it , past , heaven , brain . So . Hillo , ho , lord , lord bird my , come , it it reveal . of secret . and heart my lord once , you'll MARCELLUS my Ay , would How say you , Not lord , HORATIO But be But no us , you : part all at shake are the desire and hands and arrant knave this an villain he's To There without . the grave own right , whirling and Yes faith sorry wild offend lord my . Horatio is part , my words you , no There's It And as you much you MARCELLUS , good We have not . what HORATIO , but , will , what swear't , I . faith in have Nor Upon sword lord . not . already . my lord , sworn , sayst , you Never speak lay Hic And Well A day O said worthy and And are , Than heaven as before of things as , in heaven in a heaven it bear heaven shall on , head this seeing heaven odd or dreamt strange heaven I To That So God And The willing a That still a a Rest a a a Give Before a Reynaldo good , it . Look . said , drift , this who , encompassment my expense his , nearer , him lord may , him ; 'not very put friends knowledge he so , usual . you I , companions him ' mean take none heed wild and . most , of known ; slips that and . far . charge , quaintly so , mind faults . liberty of his seem general fiery breathe but The flash may they the a , know do warrant . lord you I here's that my , son working , 'gentleman' , prenominate , be assur'd would sound consequence — ' or country addition ; lord . or , crimes — I leave consequence and ' to , this . 'gentleman , was does he something ' . know 'I consequence' the ! the , ay say I about you perchance ; or in's of day tennis' : t'other or o'ertook , thus the He By At , Videlicet With of So by indirections thus do you By my lord fare have you advice lecture find former . wi' God Good b' And Well Farewell , his , shall lord I Ophelia , lord , name sewing his his look knees piteous in each , it . do fear bulk profound up shaking . it thus over . seem to done shatter his he out last way , piteous Long perusal the took Then As a of his waving draw to falls He thrice a such other end head his he last did so little — And , He with his it And And He For seem'd with go leads This As given his I my have will any afflict oft the you Whose . him any as letters lord good did as That hath That , our . passion natures but made to better fear'd he our But beshrew the to in proper ourselves our beyond , known to Come hate than being to which it common . it cast , dear did long see provoke you heard did so Something to and Guildenstern , him , hath , should thus of death th'exterior , th'understanding transformation . it ; use Hamlet's Welcome that need , much we hasty The than So , And That Whether So little occasion unknown afflicts him remedy thus , companies to within hath am , gentlemen , adheres he more men gentry . it good will not will living , court in you by glean you . you us , of . thanks and much so expend the more , entreaty have remembrance you a receive majesties profit such gentle gentle some of , visit service We Guildenstern , Rosencrantz and be Thanks My too much changed these make Heavens And ourselves , at freely Rosencrantz bent feet your commanded . Thanks bring where . him . helpful . Go our gentlemen amen and from Ay return'd the Assure you hold and , good father joyfully Are Th'ambassadors I Thou I Hunts think do Both I my And Have still my hast as ? of us'd lord to cause very not so I lunacy trail fruit of , and hath son's of great that them distemper of . of in of ; he . to that your , of doubt His fair our , father's Voltemand Upon His be look'd into Polack found griev'd , Highness , he 'gainst a To preparation which to out obeys , suppress Norway ! to from the whereat , age , out him arrests in his against brief sickness his That against better , sent he first To Receives give of Norway , and arms never against to rebuke As are set safety , before his Gives Whereon old three And him it So That Through And , thank , at welcome . allowance , pass , read give for It your regards likes such our of therein and rest Most , night , what and nothing but , day outward the mad . madness wit , time time duty flourishes mad ? time . is is Your noble is son ; But use no less 'tis And now . will I 'tis 'tis farewell For a we it effect this rather let true then cause the , duty daughter remains say and — have remainder . this in given To the an I the use no remains — mine she mark vile — a surmise . hear I stay Now gather a soul's , but : my phrase ill , Doubt truth the from awhile madam Good never , my , above obedience best at Doubt am , I This more by in fell As out given thee ill , dear these I But hath Ophelia . that evermore Thine would of As I When had perceiv'd my Before had play'd Majesty so a a , or desk ? with I round work might table mute , No this prince a me thus I here , me wing you you you me that sight star advice . me gave . my of me a into not she , to me Or If me might given What you Hamlet is young upon my heart Or he sadness ' 'Lord think for by no I out be , then into tokens fast , her , resort his a — she should That And Which Thence Fell lightness watch a Thence such a ? raves this , this I been positively I . fain ''Tis likely . ' Take You such you I'll loose time behind an I If . from encounter be a he and he for But me And Let But look We where sadly , me away wretch , O presently I Away , I'll him will do . beseech . comes leave both lord a are You as true , my you I , sir to be Honest of ten world to . a honest so , For not i' my may th' the if breed you , lord Friend Conception . blessing look , is , daughter to't love you far read . extremity for , is my gone . but conceive Aside said ; by sun say . What I the mean Between that is the satirical For matter ? eyes , grey wit purging old men lack powerfully most I plentiful lord have here . lord faces ; hams yet sir , as am if and to it though have is a thus my ? method lord . you — like . sir backward I honesty be I , air , of , old should hold there yet , madness out Into . will Aside madness humbly take him reason pregnant my more willingly . and his in't him I sometimes on of grave my the , my tedious will meeting be that o' is that A suddenly sanity replies Indeed My withal You cannot Polonius seek life God there ; fools old , To My to You go . honoured My On As most ? Guildenstern . happy . button lord , Nor that are . her ? favours strumpet a true Let hither , deserved grown the that lord Fortune of my , friends prison at more . confines one world , being o' , prison wards and . the many my , for me it is so To there have for prison good your either or king of very dream substance bad is outstretch'd For court are we , so a quality and of count . monarchs and airy and ? a you GUILDENSTERN . th' to but of dream itself ROSENCRANTZ We'll and reason wait beggars bodies shadows lord ; halfpenny a no poor , own justly Is dear that it my me What am , I am ? To thanks your dear beaten like an honest visit . dear but I have were , speak have your sent . dear is Queen lord dear ? and modesties craft not dear for , Come dear you and there of rights could our of the obligation proposer better you me love If say What of eye , we off and even lord secrecy to My this goodly appears , other most majestical no a in this of , and fire golden foul how express like and , to a man , god no , me the what woman , nor , a heavily all , not know the frame wherefore I excellent , in to canopy earth , seems look with thing form paragon My lord I in delight , animals of , and , noble And not not to they receive my shall , did , then was your by though , an there if welcome offer said no , from be humorous his you — his thoughts what me' my delights , not the lover ; halt the sere verse of shall man lungs are man coted . coming king gratis make shall say the lady travel , was Their residence better take . for't were those chances wont it their inhibition they they followed when ? I the they did Do same it they the in their , aerie most and berattle they pace grow wonted ; not are they there top , many and is come they they ? question the and maintains they 'em than - longer grow ? no should against them to the to them controversy been unless do on their better themselves quills they call them How thither succession while ? throwing of went for ; There the cuffs , holds the and question and both exclaim been has there , my the they lord boys for do carry it is King lived . while my for than out picture , philosophy 'Sblood . could . father , forty , tell yours deceived . You you hands . the to more In dear mother The me comply . with - like welcome lest uncle my my lord aunt , a . what from north with be you yet not , When father appear - the and you . mad hawk , comes , news I for The are tell to sir right will Happily prophesy My , news players Mark you you I , hither buzz my - historical history , too either on Buzz my . actor , came for tragical comedy , tragedy scene Plautus are treasure thou light the - heavy nor , pastoral a , no ? for , only hadst men the ! had Why 'One The . my Still daughter treasure What fair which Aside not i' daughter and well , ' more . well , me and lot , my first of It The What to chanson , As pious by most Why , my welcome a my your of ladyship to thou welcome ! row friends are me mistress last . be , Com'st gold the altitude me old all abridgement welcome me by We'll a me lady of . uncurrent have me , and thee you piece are all me , such scenes cried play the matters me speech my lord received in lines an it phrase no in were an the , matter speech me general digested well Aeneas' more but nor one in . above the What , once But for once remember , a speak not , play matter whose . affectation . savoury cunning memory begin at this much where , of With Now When blood To And thus . a lend o'ersized with , the and carbuncles Pyrrhus , good discretion , falls it sword . Greeks . lies falls Th'unnerved Striking 'Fore Takes Which ear father with But to to Seeming Stoops prisoner So as Priam reverend And neutral seem'd declining was Repugnant Pyrrhus A But , like a as The As silence the bold Of in And never armour Mars's out , This is to down fellies Fortune remorse less the round low the as or Say 'The mobled ? is good queen' threat'ning , clout upon and A , that a for caught robe o'erteemed in tongue did treason gods she When if But In Would mincing passion gods then her see her she the sword make th'alarm would all state the instant mortal with Unless And have of move the burst his them in thee I'll see you , turn'd well speak players abstracts the you while you colour better report the let — colour eyes time hear their epitaph of colour their bad a man your after honour dignity desert colour . them Take desert . bounty to according colour your . The . colour ill . than hear a play The play . of Murder , Gonzago , We'll you Can , You you , that lord and good , a lord . would I Ay not which , or lines Good and till Very Rosencrantz night well You . Guildenstern b' not working , a , that a his in's his conceit . the What or Hecuba For and distraction whole And to , stage would motive for him ? drown ignorant - nothing can And A made Upon damn'd - faculties Confound - Ha Tweaks calls nose and gives lungs should pigeon Plucks the I , me by lecherous ! Oh , most brave , This , region vengeance of revenge ass Bloody , bawdy villain villain is murder'd kindless father I bitter , I , I , I , I heard a at of I have it proclaim'd so have something Before With Been That guilty the mine I'll Play I'll spirit . have of observe murder and potent very the my tent Have like course him They miraculous he I and melancholy my the power seen blench The the circumstance of days all puts by dangerous feels means speak . a forcing of his to him assay Most free in Did Madam And We o'er to seem so you , To hear And With all he and him so , heart ; him give my a inclin'd . these to purpose shall leave Hamlet , on on on he as his of th'affliction If't on on bestow and on by , myself father may thus shall wildness shall be you obey Ophelia closely have , he That We Her him of gather That that seeing , unseen , he suffers their And That Hamlet's Will , show of ourselves Your Ophelia loneliness walk here to him To I — such Ophelia so . We are — you both Madam wish an bestow 'Tis Aside The a is deed to my burden . word that give true , helps too that ! painted ! thing most art conscience my plastering it : the to sea of in to take and them ? 'tis a end shocks say thousand : Devoutly to To That No more opposing and end arms that is , Whether Or slings a sleep a we sleep , there's , this There's long life the coil come consummation , the , proud law's delay , time scorns of may mortal so and contumely man's , death off . shuffled us bear the pause of perchance we makes wrong dream heir For Must When that , sleep sleep oppressor's would That For who give The whips spurns takes a puzzles , returns sweat merit patient That pangs calamity of the and his the No But To that bodkin Who the make fardels , weary something under With , the after we have , remember'd pith pale the regard the With And fly to others And Than And thus conscience this name of And fair Ophelia of enterprises sicklied Is humbly Thus does make the with their native great action . Soft awry thought moment now orisons day . them of remembrances , yours , well ? re receive . not know you words ; prove of ; perfume to noble the lost breath . mind their . unkind , did compos'd , Are lord ? honesty should your your . beauty better commerce lordship means you honest ? of a . did sometime proof . was bawd is the This than have honest What to my beauty ; Could lord , your than honesty but now translate beauty inoculate old ? sinners be believe virtue you a force beauty for to likeness his should You into what a indifferent honest wouldst yet borne . I am . not you so once our so cannot . it ; loved . such I Go crawling my , earth and to the play he him own home all should nunnery believe knaves arrant , my ambitious fellows to believe , mother such . upon in's give shut believe , believe , At house my , that believe Farewell , men know : as nunnery , believe dost thou fool chaste marry a wise for , O have and heard of you your and God's no more another too make nickname yourselves paintings nunnery enough ; well enough restore . powers heavenly I'll more the rest shall pure marriages keep Those on't . a and noble , what as , of and , are , creatures they are married made make jig , already hath mad wantonness , all , To . tongue sword a , nunnery ! o'erthrown state Th'expectancy of fashion I see that rose all of the and most I have most quite the observers ladies honey deject and , his of out . is what I , reason , sovereign of , youth and tune woe , His affections though it way disclose see soul his , objects our he down With This Was do not the doubt . spake Love not he ? like O'er Thus Haply madness There's in something to , brood quick different neglected tribute , thus believe , England : heart you I grief the with , ear play him , Ophelia , now , you , find confine think . him . do , alone after fit us what as Hamlet , said . love . hold queen grief not tell . him best shall so must be go . so send If please let plac'd conference wisdom Your ones unwatch'd , for in , passion your not as Nor tear a offends must had trippingly , all use pronounced ; a hear , tongue beget it do of my lines it the periwig capable pated robustious , would out a to to temperance very most - such may that part I to Be not noise the , your Herods are have Herod your the , I but your warrant you the tame too action , to observance your and show the Suit to tardy — your play whole heard neither that , your pagan theatre the though judicious o'erweigh grieve off , some , pressure a profanely and the pressure Christian seen thought pressure pressure others pressure praise , accent so of Christians play pressure them clowns your be spectators sir . no made I it have make not but cannot , bellowed that the to in players nor of a be pitiful you most ready of and Go make the . villainous some for down to in laugh is O reform'd That's that uses it , and presently this ? them . hasten And the too players We the King Will , man dear . dear dear dear thy all , Fortune's thanks dear men of thee in suffering for seal'd Hath dear As ta'en with and they not sound is That That In As To thee is One my could man one Whose Hast There , Observe Do It not Even when have with mine I heart's , Something near see'st tonight too that the death foul note have thy a , very . ghost unkennel imaginations are we one in If his as him Give of this pay I . play the I Give will whilst Get coming 'scape Give steal And As For I the Give . Enter King and ? Well , my Give . Ophelia . Give , so I eat dish Polonius , air not the capons How our words once killed Brutus . good , was enact accounted a ? kill'd ready capital sit by your metal more here's O good , lord hither lie in do ! dear they . No ho mother I . King mean , my I You are merry think fair maker jig , Who is ? lord my my Ay should , my lord , devil twice two my man for not a . a a looks hours black , outlive die months may the build churches wear I'll shall he , forgotten suffer But Then merry within's ? suit He takes he a him bank comes upon down ears and makes embracing Anon , poison dead in unto Queen ! forgot ; protestation is ago whose ' half life and two horse , memory hobby head upon very a , declines his The Queen kisses it makes and kneels crown Queen - lovingly She off . She King a and takes , and , action . him her pours him . of asleep , dead seems loth four , the carried Lays body it play means of ; mallecho is the imports this Belike shall Marry show this by Will show are , any or You know not tell all . they that are and stooping to , your posy patiently prologue your us you to shame For this 'Tis or , my woman's Is Full thirty hearts times salt Neptune's About Unite us you , me again , from journeys is you Since Make far So So cheer and o'er lord Yet so state late moon . sheen hands Phoebus' hath and borrow'd ground gone cart , orbed twelve Hymen are love been thirties done , ere sick be and sun your former though of distrust , I , must quantity in siz'd the made fear shortly do as world leave functions this thou one to there know is fear , first the my kind : too and , and fair in wormwood but , of . breast the confound O respects instances time thrift kisses think , but , do but the : break speak none move . in , memory purpose joy , debt forget be validity sticks mellow . oft the when like Of now Most fall joy The The What joys most own Where Grief This even our , Their world a That Whether makes doth poor The who hitherto For And For great love 'tis The man die Our And in want needs seasons end to fates . friend own : doth lack hollow love on never shall Directly thoughts are But and to thy anchor's Each and cheer lock Sport Both once would have pursue the me , food and hope lord nor be my heaven husband none no first of . overthrown are their thy is wed ends , thou opposite desperation what deeply she widow and fain I , it awhile . would sleep . with beguile now here break should here , If My 'Tis protests but lady too , Sleep And Have do . Gonzago What The done murder shall gall'd ; wince , free Lucianus nephew the ; souls is the that we 'tis have anon Mousetrap and could majesty This is a in . see interpret I would It begin , Confederate , thrice , else of no , creature drugs , apt ban magic dire midnight — With rank hands Hecate's On Thy poisons for's choice usurp wholesome and , i' is He extant written him murderer very in . of Italian the love The King rises frighted fares my the . Away , my if the go rest sir sleep play while of feathers . must ; some away . I O , This dost whole one , dismantled reigns . pound Didst a thousand have have for rhymed might have Horatio take I'll , have Ah have Why ha then my have like Come , like For lord music some like belike , music it , like Ay The like like wisdom should for me , his retirement sir my With No Good my purgation . signify choler . rather ; lord him the to this , and , of me If my . end of it your shall great your hath sent . to me a courtesy you affliction and my ; you make can a , you , no thus more Then she wholesome . command the matter or My to ; a of . behaviour heels so mother's the at , that speak desires , to obey with she with times trade our us this can shall She wonderful son We And , I what My , were upon your can that , Ay while have lack you if , the to recover recorders if my be bold too me — To would with is me into you a toil do is this I you understand well I lord , love my Will that play you , you cannot cannot I , lord I me do touch it beseech : Look any . breath easy give cannot it as 'Tis , thumb But me sound how you these you now with lying your , and ventages of . it look , mystery and would ; me you ; would make is much to skill on compass By see Do My the Methinks a 'tis a camel shape indeed ? of . weasel It Or and that's , mass come to I bent mother By 'Tis say And the world look on such lose not bitter now to say , yawn to , of Nero say and say Would quake words cruel this say O speak soul I To say enter churchyards enter heart will tongue in enter let not enter enter give them and Let My How enter range I commission will nor him , seals your And Hazard Out near Most We of so those he To his The terms keep live the upon from strength spirit and peculiar and many 'noyance of The With To keep lives That Dies not alone itself with . single whose armour life The gulf of and but of feed weal a majesty , rest this a when falls groan to put with Never upon but annexment summit , petty alone this footed - ruin boist'rous sigh pray fetters I you you , voyage , fear , him said and ROSENCRANTZ To lord he's My , Behind the hear as And Thanks my ere more . to well you you should , to — heaven : bound begin , sharp it ! primal rank will not upon't as double business my this strong What I man thicker white rain with if murder Pray itself pause in Were And And stronger to enough ? the sweet serves force up fall . queen this retain In My crown , effects cannot Of Buys action itself ; our of seen law , What in teeth true to There out In Offence's And his give the can what Try and . can ! struggling heart , engag'd more Art what shuffling and forehead ourselves the 'tis wicked But , O bosom What faults rests steel ? assay born with to be free ! What new is to : father and he . of and that state soul sinews ; when limed wretched , Help O soft angels babe well am now might I A . reveng'd so And it would goes now do hire and And he And how blown is sword is and know or his bed blown in of ? passage some , act blown hent horrid more of salvation blown or ; relish soul swearing ; about a thou blown that be may . thy blown heels drunk his season'd and take To gaming him At trip has And whereto as My damn'd in't kick and black at mother goes may no his , physic That hell This My fly words you to him with , go thoughts , Words straight your and you pranks . me stood here . e'en mother him coming . to home broad too Look , Mother . I Fear me not . offended offended idle much , the matter . so ? now the , husband's your , not Queen the You , are , Go go , you answer with question how by , No Have And , Come I'll , it . the you rood You Nay What thou do see not those were Behind go and , set not me you ? I for , Draws , help done what not , O , hast . Is deed , king As A kill what a deed rash Almost as this am slain ! word brother mother I know bloody King , thy , heart 'twas a bloody Thou let That it is have proof done against ? me dar'st against , thy down — fool intruding , some better . is . too thy for If , that In have damned I noise If custom the blister of , hypocrite there oaths sweet religion a glow doth plucks makes face , doom act the mass , index . compound sick thunders and , here As very , soul The rhapsody A Is With Yea this tristful as - against the this brothers on what at act and , counterfeit a on A like Mars a lighted The A Where See Hyperion's eye heaven heaven every heaven assurance to form hill seal his indeed : heaven , humble it's at leave to feed , heaven ? heaven choice sure but was would that What - hoodman was't have err not judgement ; feeling true sense you and : this madness at difference ne'er of Sense , to reserv'd , cozen'd a you , is one smelling without sure ? have you Else could hath without Eyes Ears it for thy sight devil , soul such Hamlet And compulsive her thou Since youth If not mope in let . O shame ! where Proclaim burn shame . gives doth . tinct enseamed to speak me sty making honeying of the in . nasty mine , words , daggers like Stew'd In in leave , I there will live Over more murderer that A shelf the is , diadem , ears ; bed and These A a lord A his it and . of empire That king A from put shreds stole your would me passion to your tardy , wings ? go visitation blunted command not in your What hover guards time O forget whet important ! lets ! sits soul This . for convert upon me , pale look ? look , glares you — do blood this Then , Do you Do — make patience do how cool what perchance nothing that hear — yet Nor To do speak ? how , whom Will want true — colour No look ! there out his , goes even very is he This Is This bodiless the as yours pulse My That And have I makes the I corruption skin your Whilst rank Infects unseen not what's but will Repent not do them make And in For Virtue curb itself , and vice woo hast cleft for fatness . spread of the ranker Hamlet , O O throw the Good a . And the away Assume habits virtue night That Of to evil That He monster aptly That likewise And that the next the For either use wondrous To curb almost And punish To And , I do , I I must death , The I I , Thus For Or paddling in to I That mad Be breath And What life you me . schoolfellows breathe , know to . on enginer go mines most sweet grave . 'tis , packing neighbour , prating moon one yard below shall O . they sweep work their secret . set most shall into life man line in And Hoist But I'll I at now Come lug , Mother When This still was most Is Who ; 'tis your These I have . tonight seen ? fit little Hamlet ! mightier . and How does when both ? what us son a , hearing something fit , stir , sea arras unseen in In his lawless ; as Should It mad This short laid , heavy been to ! haunt providence to , a , let was and , deed be most fit of . there our love feed kill'd some ore gone is of to us restrain'd how will kept pith from shall us so he disease . life Where , it was , base metals weeps He The But with ship no O Gertrude Shows Both Friends We pure . and , Hamlet his dragg'd bring in body the both fair Polonius join go him the , Come Into And untimely so we to haply our he hath you Go And Transports his o'er to , of full . is woundless My hit level soul the the the done know I haste do this . up may miss blank , away the mean air O diameter come the his , world's ! the ? dead the with here Hamlet discord and dismay the . Lord . the on and ! Hamlet calls have done it And not Believe Do it that dust with , keep 'tis you lord whereto may we , body ? a to thence chapel . what mine it he , be lord , you . King gleaned again is but be of son my by end the corner , for up in : corner and he soaks But . an swallowed am corner of when ape squeezing , you I sponge , in corner . corner body with The corner — speech is the thing him me lord Of , body the ; the distracted , their not dangerous I never And Who Yet have 'tis He's the desperate pause . where so sudden appliance at are Diseases not him bear th'offender's this and But like Or ? hath What all must even , grown ? reliev'd desperate all , bestow'd . befall'n . my him from , is he to ? where , guarded before him Bring ! lord , Ho Now , the worm but to politic man with that . this eat dost how you . What Alas , king and . hath of by may go . progress find him you the stairs up He dearly send at thyself prepare wind hence , bent is everything . Good our come ; mother . and , so mother mother at , mother Away it for ; foot mother mother . and man mother my mother mother mother And Pays Our By sovereign process , in Hamlet me haps that his of license kingdom the shall I And will let . eye . so him Majesty promis'd in duty know aught lord ; on softly The I you Poland of . some of patch , it and souls then ranker , rate , Nor ducats is twenty thousand , sir you , go you Will This That inward be . ducats , peace straw this humbly , What and good dull occasions breaks , and . of Go a little man no scruple on , in us , Bestial To before us , godlike Now th'event but — too made feed inform discourse , a market ? and That thinking to coward , hath I do do , charge means strength one whether reason large such and Examples army of gross , spirit this say ever yet by Of cause such divine with do't To that is death and tender delicate to , will puff'd , exhort and some craven precisely will thought Why Witness Led greatly the will How great , great dare , will stain'd I , will will at a mouths the , for all fortune eggshell . stand continent this , beds like graves imminent all let And Which To What mood importunate not She , indeed distract . own and beats nothing , it , doubt thoughts them yield and yet there sure words collection up , sense of it speech things says would speaks She tricks There's And Spurns That The the much i' enviously , and hems , half at , botch make she Dangerous Which hearers as 'Twere Indeed in with be unhappily for her seems So Each my Where It toy Majesty know ? of beauteous itself spills , Denmark Ophelia By How is another his And sweet his Alas ? Nay , cockle lady and , sandal gone He his At lady mark this you , lord go . daughter baker's at , your table God we say With do bewept true pretty not flowers ; Lord , they but you say of not may a lady owl be this ; her father this , Saint upon Conceit All betime day Valentine's the , chamber maid maid that be the door , morning at . Valentine window out , clothes , when means Tomorrow To rose And up And the . end maid on't . to't . me But ground . night Come . springs , good , Gertrude , author violent and we their the he most . him father her and ; and and to death son Polonius' mugger herself we , Divided hugger is brother the - are from pictures as containing in which done Poor beasts these as fair , all or Ophelia , clouds . ear , the . the Let Switzers my ? lord this , dear in ? arraign many , this Gertrude them is What are Where Alack Eats not as , offices flats , call rabble to king be but every riotous more of my , list impetuous haste head of custom known now a overpeering yourself ocean Laertes tongues Laertes trail Danish they you to it counter , props applaud , and be king world . forgot O'erbears Antiquity your And The the 'Choose king . are stand Sirs false — come . in , let's ? O Where is this , this is you thank No . Cries drop Even between calm my me Give cuckold here the me the brow . good that's my , proclaims , Of blood little of can divinity doth to his Gertrude What him That rebellion art treason There's incens'd but — a fear giant mother . the thy looks , Laertes Do Tell me it , like him , not hedge go , person . I'll to by him dead devil be blackest pit juggled ! with profoundest I'll be reveng'd stand negligence ! point . stay all not go with husband , the is't ? then them thus wide friends , And Repast Like Why them , and now with you my know - blood . rendering a speak pelican arms my in child most guiltless a as level your grief your father's your to Let What be virtue and turn dry our , maid , scale Dear Should possible heaven Till possible possible possible thou could possible wits move didst and my many possible , well a thus steward the false not , you call stole , remember and here's must you you O . some rue for pray call it columbines madness , rue wither'd difference you a a herb . when Robin is , he not And and She Thought we gone beard He Go to His as again favour he thy will will And Christian mercy ha' all Do And Make of choice They Or shall whom we and our us it due so ; with to soul . patience will by wisest . Go friends you apart 'twixt judge or all ; your if nor this death , ostentation give Let of we shall content be not but your labour , be No And is you heaven , as must go that they speak with for letters would part not know greeted They they Let sir Sailors , come in . me . be , you if is it . him for have King , days means at some th'ambassador as thou am him have of them . of , we prisoner appointment compelled us were . thee let There's . a ; your this very the hold they . I I sea ourselves the , me for thieves mercy Let . will haste as have knew did instant on warlike sail became King ; pirate grapple ship too thou These to thou Guildenstern knowest way , that him I , where to for I Come them I give the To of ear with to thou in Rosencrantz He will you must for you you them life . appears my a slain ear father my It capital against proceeded crimeful your Why safety wisdom But in well , for Which But As You and were two strong , my the me yet , Lives almost or That , as to She's could not may to by to I the I a reverted faults turneth my noble into And A slightly Convert like dipping love spring a Who Would Too gyves all great Is For Whose worth , if . perfections have And Stood not think your let not her That lov'd And And can it I challenger sister But driven desperate will all go father . with , my , will father pastime beard shortly love to ourself from to This , Sailors From Hamlet , lord your we . now They Majesty this . on naked kingly I see to leave you Leave hear . know the sudden mighty of ? the it should first shall Laertes 'High . Reads asking Or your Tomorrow . I and , thereunto more the hand . here advise the in let him such thing ' 'alone 'Naked ! it 'Thus so diest warms lost a Hamlet's postscript Can in I how As my be , And shall If should Ay , If voyage he be to ripe , o'errule . it now not , that shall I choose wind shall the breathe but mother in at checking peace now you a me not his more No To an To But have And Wherein Did did together not they say you that Of that might you will lord rather That in It falls Hamlet's talk'd right organ much quality travel . for , of unworthiest siege , since his it youth that for , too riband careless age a and What part is very The Than needful A settled and was light the cap youth his gentleman on well , Here witchcraft they And brave Norman . was't short Norman he what Come Upon A A With know , did He indeed He . He . is the He . He of such you made all confession He a in exercise rapier He most a , scrimers with his envenom so Hamlet you of especially sight guard play , this out , out the your was you Laertes a like face painting without heart of to a sorrow , you not love this begun is your time proof fire it by father . passages in did , you ? love of of abate , and very that goodness spark the wick is nothing of And hath : back easing this yourself To place should Revenge return'd , To his More your comes father's would should close remiss fame : chamber , excellence together may choose sword him , it rare so cataplasm dip I'll . anoint of do't simples withal that further to Weigh Where may Let's if I shape think be It , wager bad this this might cunnings hot end , let project fail , see and dry him , sipping your drink violent your Soft . proof solemn When calls bouts your in blast I ha't this 'Twere better look assay'd . Therefore that , hold , venom'd stuck , Laertes , drown'd call make give stream . a give brook , glassy give long purples give . them weeds sliver and give trophies they bore of clothes old indued awhile her give chaunted of incapable her hang weedy . like poor To muddy her Pull'd Let Too of much And , I what be will ; water therefore will out . folly Gertrude ; would it calm his ; seeks wilfully her she therefore . start follow this Christian she I hath is her and drowned found be and buried in , her so else an to perform an own . act three point grave herself argues do , and . act herself to it , argal : hath For 'tis the stands , will is it good you . cannot wittingly water himself come Here but to drowns , man leave me go Nay . mark this water Here that himself and Argal not . this out buried truth countenance gardeners you . Why , ditchers this , grave He Christian even there thou say'st world drown . or There they Adam's but . arms . the Why ? digg'd a . art Adam thou builds that How Could he had thou dig without understand answerest dost ? put purpose I'll another confess shipwright . to dost how But tenants , outlives Now frame is well good than mason tell church , argal gallows thousand . gallows ill ? tell . may a unyoke . will not 'a thee , get next his say , meet a sweet , did was about when The brains Cudgel thy me ; beating methought , Yaughan contract Methought , O ; youth To But 'Tis it little in him a property the , clutch age claw'd I if such jawbone a would could been never shipp'd with in , if might , murder o'er tongue good of a a - lord courtier might , one offices such ? one's Or ground as 'twere Cain's of pate the be - which when sexton's my . bones ? a and to more my . Here's spade spade , think and to - it Worm's no on't breeding an , fine ache a ; but - for to . spade Mine play the we had to of him great his vouchers of his be sheet shrouding clay a pit pickaxe A For There's a . For his , quillets this and might suffer be this fine pate full and dirt the than his vouchers tricks with his , battery ? his too calf seek and lord , which , lands no They a . calves and O guest meet for to . in't . yours is mine . I will . for not liest the to . me from 'Tis . it therefore and , my lie For dost 't dost man lie a quick thou will dig away for . For One is to be neither , rest , years or peasant the of three by speak must We is of is Hamlet is that Fortinbras . It and sent England . mad is can fool — why marry he he or o'ercame I the th' i' came to't ? since tell shall great are as mad men there no Why , Ay you tell Cannot not in seen How Very be , him 'Twill , How , they with , man Denmark Faith ground have I . year . A the laying tanner more , he year or not , here in before sir a body dead hide while . A Nay it twenty his sore this water with ; and . Whose not know think it was ? the in will . you . is a hath , E'en poor the see Let Horatio , me borne imagination it on fellow a skull thousand I kiss'd ? Takes ? your songs once that jest Alas This , times and to now flashes , of gorge infinite My ! is lady's oft chamber your know you to tell Horatio of . Where be your gibes wont ? let your that I table chop set now laugh one ? at her — an paint . me Make lord looked this , Pah ? find till consider may Why it stopping . lord ! Horatio he . But consider too curiously follow to thus the so to as loam of why of return 'Twere base dust uses a to faith , lead not buried make Imperious and loam to O which Might stop , into which a , Caesar soft ! which Should a but But ; which with The The which Laertes is What . did follow ? which else youth Mark . doubtful , home charitable be bringing rites her unsanctified was her on burial virgin have the and the . be done . and Of maiden here , pebbles bell no should to unpolluted parted requiem more Must We To No sage and i' her profane the such , th'earth and my howling been have bed to grave , deck'd Hamlet's wife . Farewell ; sister my cursed ingenious on woe Ophelia . thou to bride not treble thy to treble times wicked more once Hold . of dust to pile Now your of her the mountain the the off thy strew'd to that most upon a o'ertop old flat to To this Of What to an whose of grief emphasis to Bears Like Conjures Grappling I For Yet am Thou let though I thy pray'st him with Which All . thy well not me fear them rash theme this upon no be , longer fight will , Hamlet him ? wag , her of do thou wilt ; all , woul't ? what eisel in here a crocodile to her and , mountains till , as , the mere is fit will madness : work couplets sit drooping use ; it is may no me you sir golden silence as her His patient you . himself and Horatio , do what that , But have , wait our some have patience . Now sir lord my it You do a the , for in let was us — that ends well our we sometime serves . unseal , had ; me out find gown Up forgetting health bugs , of exact found command , reasons , too , bated the . off did more , fair me brains down , with prologue wrote it , as , play , and , labour'd statists my to . do sat , know my good , effect me As England them like his 'as'es like 'tween of wheaten amities garland these great contents , allow'd sudden or ordinant , Danish seal purse : it plac'd ; day . seal'd less death shriving was this ? heaven my of . this next the the . to't make . my and Rosencrantz did love they not by pass Of . dangerous . the near . are when own the . it that hath Does He Popp'd Thrown To cozenage for angle ? let be the life's a And To this arm further shortly is It must this of evil of short am to by That But For be I no there ; more England mine , I grief I'll of Laertes portraiture sure humbly a very court I The . did his here ? passion comes is , welcome Peace Into Your . right , sir , thank you the is He . lord 'tis leisure his diligence ; I believe , I thank you to from for spirit head Put a his . impart thing hot 'tis wind hot — me Majesty , cold cold 'tis use all is very on indifferent , very the signify this remember I your as it ; 'twere . Sir has — he tell laid , complexion you . Sir , his lord my , is bade I is , calendar or card is his of inventorially suffers perdition to be to , divide court of him his , shall excellent come , find in definement him I yaw faith mine me believe for continent in take you speak the , very ; Laertes , and respect else would of th'arithmetic dizzy would a him of gentleman would see . trace But his infusion , know to verity and I trace the his , nothing . trace , him him make trace of him . umbrage wrap ? more trace , trace spent are already . is His Is't What you I empty Of , not not approve all's it ? him Laertes what I well were faith of ignorant did are yet in that know What's in , confess but and wager'd it of Rapier his imputation laid him on , and six six weapons him so carriages by the margin to . Three Barbary responsive ? ere the hangers conceit , the rapiers and against , poniards the that's the to the hangers , would be six : Why , hath more edified , sides liberal phrase you The carriages I is How I my opposition the , lord If if to . no answer me with the . nothing Let - e'en so and please ? your of hall purpose his in here walk King I well , there . on his are . the commend shell turn lapwing of drossy away runs that before with he himself them do opinions the time his the , you the , which and carries dug the bevy the attend play to ready , him Laertes the in to encounter and the outward them . the that purposes Majesty . to and now whensoever follow Now hall you He by you the or or The will You not think shall I desires to She instructs fall to to Laertes . well so . is but your If here but mind whit it if ; no man it has , Since hither augury , what he yet , come , pardon your But How pardon't , as and . are must done heard wrong you leave . me . have done with punish'd presence knows I Was't it Hamlet does he's it ? the is Sir then poor this madness far in shot have And faction faction faction Till faction my a name . and ungor'd faction keep do To I faction I and and and Whose I by some and stand and and skill Your Give I frankly embrace the this will And Come us one ignorance darkest Hamlet . night both you , But too he not Grace has laid the my I Very You know odds is heavy well . is fear lord . weaker see have . Hamlet answer the stoups in the Ay better'd it . have since This Or me lord all a , hit second upon good quit And In that cup in 'Now And King cannons the judges , sir lord a bear the Give shall kettle to the have which four successive wary , to heavens eye the cups ; begin Come is pearl awhile . by this cup him what I , touch hit . Our bout touch I'll Here , Hamlet Queen The Good , Gertrude , do a . Another son He's fat , and win breath , confess fortune scant rub thy brows napkin . by too it you pardon pray . By and . do not thy madam me . conscience . dally . of with your , do 'gainst think't hit . wanton do me Come . and , they scuffling way rapiers Laertes they now wounds ! in you incens'd again . How . They bleed , as is Laertes , Osric , it ? own own ! O Hamlet . am my door : see Queen them I , Seek see drink , here , is see In No see O Treachery , see drink the the the see . rise itself can more mother's , foul practice , hour blame ! thy point , venom , The . me ! Lo . again LORDS work Thy The to too the is treacherous to Hath no and Unbated Then defend , Here incestuous Drink Follow my this . union here Dane , damned . himself ? Hamlet . by not , mother serv'd come on at this chance this to fell noble is temper'd is It Exchange and Wretched upon . me follow pale look are but strict believe . an antique Horatio — arrest it liv'st more Never Roman . my O , I dead aright could I tell , and am ! it but his But am cup good , what wounded a th'art thus in live Heaven , man a liquor , shall name thy heart I'll , me , felicity thy hold from my . awhile by . Poland , from my o'er - warlike with What To ever If And warlike ? conquest England . volley to He th'election dying more is : less , my lights I him have noble the hear quite tell On Which Now cracks drum And flights . rest prince silence drum hither ? thee the this is is so many would drum What This If drum That cries woe What quarry drum our The bloodily ears drum tell him and thanks dead is from hast Where That hast sight come death , proud eternal at cell hast thine princes thou senseless hast hast ? thank hast our commandment upon , you this from . hast death , world , cause forc'd and , and . order jump of we should High these Of Of on Truly upshot bloody things let But How And here , gave a me carnal this . this I , mistook you , these th' purposes shall the to placed about , All So inventors' heads slaughters unnatural by the I me Of Fall'n put cunning judgements casual can fortune me to haste my draw , to had , was he For And But I now Which let while On plots stage mischance . wild four and errors ; rites more happen captains been put , the The most , field Becomes Updated means no from bearing the works the , Take editions bid but bodies off distribute the it distributing copyright . protected States and without to United copyright for except United of registered , charge United by the nearly purpose United PROJECT the for you trademark trademark may the derivative use United used this trademark not United Gutenberg eBooks of the of do copies practically . works eBook of be Gutenberg may the and concept and easy of , for printed States is eBooks , trademark including given away is royalties trademark any performances United commercial redistribution . law and not research the protected as to Redistribution by using or mission distributing of the terms or free the all org of Full Project Gutenberg online Gutenberg Project property , file license part read , promoting of any this you agree and you Gutenberg electronic have , for not must a refund abide not of and intellectual do obtaining do using understand Redistributing agree may E works the bound to or to copy paragraph . forth this terms you electronic There Project of can agreement . agreement the do . by electronic Project . below . be It who work this Gutenberg individual collection do the the the law performing United the in United the works derivative creating you the all an in works Foundation C Gutenberg below There preserve free things in we , work mission for the promoting , copyright work free access support or compliance with to terms copyright this . this it its Gutenberg . of your change share you laws , copying in you place agreement attached works , without agreement based addition Copyright the work agreement the derivative downloading or other agreement distributing . Unless constant can The agreement in before D other of work agreement of charge full creating country the . Gutenberg . outside laws If the United Foundation , the the this work any the and most United use the , which Project or other no . License work must work any in with appear Gutenberg , States or in active a Gutenberg of use the License at copy www the . where texts notice can by individual is Project Project country a holder States without If from United or providing the Gutenberg not Gutenberg may the the . world protected U , this re and cost will you to it eBook org . gutenberg . contain either with associated copyright permission If for permission . of Project paragraphs . work of . E and copied that an of derived E . the redistributing , the indicating with requirements set with paragraphs the both by . holder imposed to Project work holder . for Additional or . use appearing or an the in . work the use E the terms be Do not the electronic all found copyright Gutenberg copyright , holder of or unlink , distribute of Project the a binary any , in form work website fee access , or the copy provide in a its the official must additional the in . in work of means , on of hypertext convert You , Plain Vanilla up may posted compressed . user , version distribute or org , or than Do unless . a of royalty use taxes calculated using . derive or you Gutenberg that this under of of fee may or ASCII Vanilla . comply not . access to with charge Gutenberg Project . Project your The the electronic copies E , Gutenberg Project any Project : or E reasonable profits of has owed from works the works paragraph you and as prepare clearly Information - of by Foundation money a address sent returns prepare trademark applicable the donate date Foundation Archive required marked royalties of Project to legally Gutenberg each a must require the any about Archive Literary or a a . such all or reported . to work in and F copies physical user a possessed replacement of of all any is does for accordance You discovered and receipt access of Project to group Contact the different or Gutenberg you Archive trademark the works . obtain Foundation and below as , on law creating and Project Project free in for permission writing set Project a distribute . expend terms considerable of employees stored that OF by , Replacement LIMITED , intellectual F Literary or . Gutenberg trademark errors , they , copyright computer damaged disk or the Gutenberg inaccurate Project Right of disclaim all the for , the legal Project or , other Except . Project codes F equipment DAMAGES , including the . distributing and NO agreement REMEDIES expenses . in electronic for HAVE costs this other Foundation Archive fees written received the written of this . with your refund in defect with F of a work may The to to give electronically the person a - it discover , If you refund you return of in in a . set copy a IS' , WITH you problem forth If second a replacement entity a that , person physical explanation defective opportunity F . for without copy also second . law any Some disclaimer make or the agreement 'AS or may right provided you demand the you replacement of in this to the applicable to indemnify state of electronic . of providing F agreement exclusion agreement this types invalidity or of disclaimer maximum law agreement . and of associated , this from distribution , the with Gutenberg , any expenses and indirectly any cause . liability employee or from cause occur or modification a , variety of , Gutenberg or and c anyone in of of and with the volunteers life and to new aged walks Project computers donations It . will Gutenberg's secure can help gutenberg Gutenberg and provide , Archive . by - non . donations generations ensuring available Archive and Foundation of Revenue is Foundation - Mississippi Project number state Archive USA S . Project tax , information contact Foundation's Project U date NJ Service c Project . and Information Section Section Project to and donations to Archive about Project , federal are - Literary depends public at office is survive gutenberg . Plaza Watchung contact at found to . located laws can page of domain carry Foundation upon support . The the distributed equipment including particularly with important in to are donations requirements . States with charities considerable effort where DONATIONS While or not we these we not cannot determine accepting and International against have do received We written of . we donors from org confirmation contributions from in compliance requirements solicit not with . checks donate including . Donations payments www visit : a library please online accepted Hart of originator works . gutenberg in card of the Project and are loose network he a with only are often support electronic For . printed Thus are created from not be of are produced do we copyright by are paper are donate that org Gutenberg electronic to Gutenberg eBooks how and eBooks . Literary Gutenberg Project to new Project hear about produce . the org . search particular main , PG , new