Nay You ? to . upon Stand I hear . do meet watch , Not had you Well rivals you If The them , you good the Dane . you ? you , night ! Horatio Barnardo . is Horatio has , I this And Touching Therefore With Tush may He That tush , approve us Sit again against assail story your our sit hear Well night of speak all westward it Last from again heaven this us And same , art the , Thou the King speak figure Where now his bell made yond Had harrows It like scholar same , Horatio dead . and fear with me would Question the majesty fair art sometimes is I , 'Tis In ? which See thou march ! it ! charge stalks away not answer . not true speak ! angry the this our he gone by work thought and gross to at jump and sledded once he smote twice Thus This , now the Polacks some in But why foreign Why Good sit bodes the scope me tell observant , week sore war of shipwrights for daily most cast and the haste ? Sunday , joint now . that least Dar'd At Was Whose And Does such prick'd so but a appear'd , Hamlet lands conqueror had return'd compact him , his those competent , which moiety to , and , all heraldry by Fortinbras ; a as , seiz'd stood , his our cov'nant , young , sir the hot article the same ; of . of diet ; is other , head of sheeted fell streets Roman the and to the A In The graves A little most ere tenantless mightiest in Julius the fire sun the Have , behold though ! blast sound , me any to good grace to , on coming demonstrated illusion ! stand will it strike say you hast in treasure if , I For To our speak was about like , a is fearful lofty his the god day sea fire , and earth hies , the of . at spirit shrill I started it that with present It ever 'gainst that all of erring cock the herein air , comes . charm . it believe clad ; strike , it ? him to , hill will him upon we in and morn of yon up us shall loves in consent Unto To in dear Attendant . and Lords green our be contracted hath Together one with , To Taken In With follows ; equal Your With Now a disjoint late all young brother's death , his message , which affair this state thinking mirth better be of us all . of of Fortinbras , of , herein worth dear out to the most Colleagued brother much bonds those of his hears , Fortinbras of - bed uncle father fail'd to Or Holding weak and by our hath for of his full proportions we that in and here all dispatch Voltemand here writ him levies the to , old more duty . show is't news farewell ? you Laertes ? the thy beg not to more is The more thou have Denmark What Than throne lord return father offer , to , mouth thy France came offer to coronation toward that again , I offer , wouldst reason to thou native not of instrumental offer to the heart offer , offer to to done Denmark bend willingly duty to your , Upon give my wrung leave your my his hour beseech bend do Take bend fair cousin spend bend kind — be ! bend and thine . to at me says bend leave leave . go hard a friend too , cast clouds on sun . Denmark thy nighted , I thy A Thou know'st common thy father that eternity . i' the . die , of the moods truly that are I But To give sweet must father In impious A Why should must be our peevish opposition , impatient ; heaven to a incorrect unschool'd as , cried today throw died that the world take note his your love Wittenberg desire , son remain , to our our and , cheer beseech which are You of As father must 'This a impart going Our I Do And In It we chiefest thy courtier the is in stay my Denmark and you obey , son . madam . Hamlet ; today , that should rank ! slaughter Everlasting - self to — much 'tis the , Oh Fie Or me dead So That grows it months two to remember increase of , had hang world and , flat the fie it of That and unweeded unprofitable this uses satyr too and those poor which a a nay merely excellent might face if not the my — Why discourse she — ere , thy even of with like father's Hercules Within a the mourn'd A her Visit By not With God month on ; she Frailty Heaven Why followed or , eyes , tongue good post father , reason married unrighteous galled wicked to hold my I to come must to cannot it nor heart . tears . Horatio , sir ? you . Good even good — my lord Wittenberg ? your faith glad am I would shall you Nor I of your know . make what A very lord is I truster To yourself your affair funeral . so . say own are Elsinore But it , Thrift Or father had furnish coldly Did My lord not In saw I , mind's him man a goodly a for all in . till of , admiration for you had . had had had kept the watch to . time , had walk'd , had good did had , march fear the secrecy I not where But comes each deliver'd with impart , both whilst ; and truncheon's to dumb , thing they them as dreadful Stand The of My , Did But you My lord , address away loud haste sight strange vanish'd 'Tis know , you you it honour'd , MARCELLUS the but do Arm'd We and writ I And we do My watch . foot lord you . my , head . to , lord , more in sorrow he Pale , my A , very . you amaz'd ? long . had upon . pale ? tell haste and Not , have It would like His BARNARDO Stay'd it when have tonight it walk watch . longer , was it warrant you though peace . conceal'd else have it Give it hold to it you I my hitherto in tenable . you and fare tonight . well will not men's , is were rise soul arms would o'erwhelm play the foul , them benefit sleep . nature , not minute ; not more this temple , you grow no crescent bulk and of now virtue Grows For The greatness weigh'd , himself His may not yielding choice whole but his service ; of soul must not ; he believe says of particular which may songs treasure open further his list Denmark of voice credent ear , fear shot in the it unmaster'd or you heart his To your lose it keep of itself unmask galls buttons none good else fear near lesson my good pastors way reckless treads me here fear like some of lies most are best , though th'effect the Whilst shall I . for your shame the There , vulgar no thoughts no their and but hast familiar Grapple Those Be Look unto - do Of Bear't Of entrance that thine to th'opposed censure man's new But friends stay'd for Nor thou any them each Give thy Costly , dull But every not Are For they in France of nor select dulls to follow the loses borrower Neither thine , I take ; blessing then borrowing above Most invites you canst Thou Farewell humbly : my . Ophelia is't , he , told me he please Given And free you I — daughter behoves do in of private that What up clearly tell late Give understand , audience bethought the Lord me must put and — way You Have your oft : Hamlet bounteous . made . of , yourself , of late . on I what , Unsifted , my speak his in you hath do , Pooh ! Which , Do you not Marry That hath . to to go ; may fashion And hath vows almost given all heaven . my . me a with crack , he , it In countenance holy speech me his the springes Lends You must something Be a Than Set Believe so And Than command take for of in a with Do not . for their like that But Breathing would your believe better not Lord . leisure : the , is all from for come time this moment ways forth , pious and bawds your my I I you Look now ? cold is and hour shall It a very it . then walk twelve lord his , down draughts takes and swaggering near the out . thus of tonight , triumph Is mind though is't am , upspring , custom , height them guilty at perform'd , of with native marry manner Ay in us achievements birth nature By Oft breaking Or As their some So The Soil vicious in our attribute of marrow addition , chances cannot pales the habit choose too that they of forts mole and pith in their , That for down of Being in infinite , else — livery , manners be the fault lord man man ministers man Look of spirit , all my man His To As man censure The scandal . general that man the Doth King man Be speak , Wherein burst thy me father intents grace , it wicked comes us damn'd call , wicked blasts charitable a . hearsed in , wicked ! me answer but O I'll Dane burst canoniz'd Let That wicked wicked That To Why , wicked I will Have we saw cerements , ignorance . royal not his ; quietly the ; in , thus horridly With To some to is this it waves It But No removed action courteous it . do ? it with you go impartment did , it ; the itself ? that , the . it reason horrible into might deprive That Being a thing as follow flood summit forth me cliff lord toward into sea , sea , Still , am ! say heaven By call'd I'll follow . lets gentlemen that thee me . nerve thus imagination with Denmark him obey to fit not rotten the state will Heaven will To him . come this direct no . Speak My When I . me come , flames tormenting . shalt to serious and lend but am art Alas . night , I . hear thou I secrets tale and hair fretful to on not , O father , List blazon . porpentine stand must dear Thy And and blood the combined like up a thy soul stars particular this But Like To of thy flesh Revenge didst ears and , As not 'Tis thou And duller serpent given Rankly serpent abus'd The stung rots find thou That Wouldst With will , what of O O , Ay hand went of was virtuous shameful the , power , there the vow lust his seeming off - even that to on be ; will on heaven garbage on me , Will on The And juice Upon on The as , wholesome And curd with an on always in on That And - most eager such leperous porches my ears whose , blood vigour . with blood tetter sudden quicksilver it courses the into a gates instant lazar The thin and off reckoning thou Taint howsoever , nor let aught sting - And all I you And , this , wipe In But you ! pale his fie . while the away books saws I'll All And shall , trivial . globe distracted ghost stiffly grow , sinews up , poor Yea youth and volume Yes is smiling woman , of pressures , records , all And That one It At Unmix'd may O O most pernicious villain Within . HORATIO I have and MARCELLUS , am . So That I , and may you 'Adieu least is uncle Lord there , lord , adieu Hamlet him Lord secure Heaven Within Lord Lord Lord Lord my lord heaven it it ! by and be , of then , No I my in lord . man . Ay But ne'er needs no There's ghost And , so ; There But an villain HORATIO To , right I You tell us are desire you fit without more shake for go , heartily . lord you offend wild , hath and words and and ; lord my . no , that know may And . to are make My my Nor We faith In my Upon I , under Cries , sayst hear this , sworn Indeed boy , on to swear fellow ? in . thou lord , my Beneath ubique ? Then we'll shift gentlemen again by . that you so . sword . more but work upon hands hither friends good th'earth i' is a as , pioner day O and more wondrous , come mercy , help . on me phrase never , head could , and we , your , might' help your — out if your you , to your me Hamlet , gentlemen So . your , your Beneath do commend spirit love poor his lack I come was is still The ever out . right it set your . us in go Let not time That this these , him , behaviour . it did lord , said first , how well ; well intend Danskers what , means are . sir , Look you , where finding nearer , friends knowledge touch his and question , they come you it Reynaldo , ' ; ' . ' ' known rank ; ' ' breathe to season may put That must , Ay , As ' ? go far incontinency another scandal on ; so ; liberty fiery taints general good . lord it dishonour him a of mind : may and my seem he is outbreak in the of savageness Wherefore , I should Ay lord Marry believe these thing in laying 'twere He closes Having 'Good sir , youth , And party ever you Mark guilty in ; man , By does was 'closes 'friend then I He about or He I At At , At the you thus saw Your Videlicet of falsehood of find former have me and , have You lord , I not , now ; truth of carp forth this with my and do we . by So you My indirections son my God b' , my in you Good inclination his I shall my lord . music yourself . my Farewell , I , How lord , as his I Hamlet what head his , and upon hat Lord No And with he so piteous loosed knees gyved of so my in sewing was in the ankle , other , each his his , his look a shirt with all - thy in knocking he comes ? before of I my his me said the He Then he would he , thus — lord , goes And What hand thus the so , arm lets help , go his shoulder he and . King . me turn'd the on eyes bulk , profound ? me went his his He out Come , o' doors he to I meant to as is cast seems quoted him sorry hath . I ; given but words . and did to beshrew in go to utter our beyond . to hide which and see you Rosencrantz long to you , him , hath himself call have did inward Guildenstern use . Something so ; What that entreat brought I of you man be , put and you , awhile hope will please are there it us of remembrance your a . such . command us . be our lay Thanks Guildenstern at the of you more . Guildenstern gentle and up service , Rosencrantz To Pleasant make presence Are Th'ambassadors Ay presence Have presence from lord my presence still presence joyfully Norway presence Assure . Assure , Assure . Assure Assure . hath he . found in Assure have so policy — that that fruit cause Hamlet's , of fruit fruit Welcome , my shall other fruit fruit suppress . him fruit preparation he fruit against a better nephew's our Say Well friends and out of levies , greetings our appear'd from sent he first , his borne which Receives so of arms his before three Norway from falsely Was Norway hand , age in ; as crowns in annual the further an Whereon give Makes So On With old him Gives To at our and at your Go And What My majesty day to is business to Most should be madam waste night is mad , expostulate ended well . 'tis . madness , but that matter but But More Madam is I swear , But And pity out the cause I cause of use now thus is . cause defect . surmise is a phrase shall vile a will faithful ; be to stars Hamlet awhile are liar love . I . reckon Adieu him ; me show'd daughter his , time given mine . love by more out . not , hath best at thee dear lady , in All But had prove it perceiv'd told I love me hot . But this of a seen dear my If Or had given look'd think young be not Hamlet my a winking , thus , herself she ' No prince mistress love , or desk ? daughter my I Or Before might And What done , no Admit . with went idle then And lock , fruits short into a raves ? make — likely very , prov'd otherwise think 'tis for by this . now , wherein , And all wail time this , such When that this , this . I I this If Where truth How circumstances Take time I'll behind such be be But keep not And the Let I'll board , where Away do my does presently good Lord - Well , my are a . Hamlet ? fishmonger - a lord . my this as if not i' . sun th' you her How say first this . gone me not daughter truly speak in ; that Still I was Still suffered — I , is What Still words much you . lord Still do . far Still ; he Yet . my on Still ? says a my Still that purging of I though ; slave Between matter who Still that the matter their gum that , most you potently yourself this , I . the . be madness , yet air ? as old go . am I , their wrinkled to be Will A not , that is out ! Indeed , if like a crab grave Aside the . hits between humbly will , anything my my my life that meeting , means from me except You withal , except my he both ye How , Neither Nor cap friends ! As that we of do thou how her my lord . middle the privates , O , her most , lord Faith of my waist the true ; not , honest the hands question prison she sends ? deserved true world's Let . friends to dungeons and , wards . bad Prison in which goodly , 'tis none makes ambition makes be , bounded in it . for me not nutshell 'tis it so ; one were itself hold ambition a ; To indeed is , ambitious are a ambition infinite , God A dream Which dreams and Then such matter to speak I an in To that you even thanks are , dear too ? way , Is , I of , not honest sort , you will you , confession , of . colour to , kind it justly dear ? am own . say You end know of our let King which . we , lord sent and have by , by dear better , conjure no or To Nay , then have your will tell I and and indeed know the , sent prevent your . of custom discovery I have feather mirth with sterile in , why . o'erhanging , disposition my , express reason what . is woman how of action ; brave promontory this golden look it , this in : to , thoughts ? Lenten entertainment them I in coted welcome shall We not man delights ; god neither on Majesty — offer , his lungs , the or they ; the in part shall end and his are players such city residence in in blank o' th' sere halt have tribute lover foil — both ways both delight say those the take wont profit they No they Do keeps comes estimation same most berattle so rapiers , endeavour children , eyases in clapped — so cry ; the . and that come top , question themselves say themselves , nation ? writers succession are themselves thither they themselves to money holds it not wrong themselves — themselves the cuffs themselves . those Denmark , forty , and . his , players There welcome apiece him at hundred this more than my father natural for out is more . outward , this out are welcome fairly out my extent fashion and are out out out garb Gentlemen Well , and you , gentlemen yet , at of out they an man old each too not . be twice come time you , baby to is you there second see tell for me to tell Roscius right prophesy will in writ liberty heavy tragedy , ass lord , the ! men thou hadst treasure Plautus scene comedy , or , light - the nor These what Why loved . more . individable are my daughter fair 'One , ' ? I Jephthah old th' my , call Nay , The , altitude the by , uncurrent of are see Com'st thou O , pious pass first , to ladyship me friend it like most as like . all will chanson masters good mistress be of to God straight to't chopine Denmark to am Thy in is Pray What ? the ring French within at of us give , or if the and lines wholesome as as make others an , much with , as in , the set honest fine . slaughter than Dido to Priam's tale , let Aeneas' called no more much his lay it rugged The chiefly loved . this of and speaks is and With Priam seeks the with murders thus eyes and Roasted and the in damned parching , and . did , purpose he mothers to trick'd , streets light sons Pyrrhus gore and a , and and , discretion crash Ilium fell sword , well to drives lies of rage Greeks his Priam falls blow with , to , to Did against . will storm the , painted stood his Unequal . command arm to in strikes Pyrrhus' prisoner The hush the sets death winds speechless , and dreadful pause fall work still , below hammers a - him in as a , did new for so , as never armour Mars's thou Now synod low and round take than Pyrrhus' Priam spokes is down tale come to a down Hecuba bawdry your on down Say jig a down down down Run barefoot rheum ? down A clout good is seen this 'Gainst But When the Fortune's About had Would Unless The turn'd you no , colour bestowed well out the more , you epitaph bad have live you report better gods eyes of tears has and , Do chronicles abstracts speak players while were will use them the rest his and . Take . a play tomorrow of Murder hear some could set would I lord Ay . We'll play Can ? Ay You could night Guildenstern welcome are Good , so a not fiction his , monstrous that and soul her , eyes working all a dream visage aspect broken his voice in slave my . peasant this his in's ? he ? her What stage horrid the drown guilty , of general , and with ear - No . property can John A very and faculties - nothing , peak cause , be ere lack this pate my most Am breaks blows made bitter pigeon and gives ? liver'd am I slave's - region bawdy it me does it take , the or , villain take take take drab heard take ! heart and heaven my very most take , Bloody fatted have should With A fall , this , Why what Remorseless , I That About I'll I him the devil weakness very my than Abuses me is a of my uncle mine Play With to course . quick The If . I'll observe his looks seen , confusion this of no on And Grating why he me conscience the . The by can puts days ? madness crafty him he he what But a do we forward to with we turbulent of so him you speak aloof . well you like receive find will to keeps some on him bring his ? our of any pastime certain these him players told of the we demands . to him reply a are about Of him to think play night beseech'd 'Tis as . I it play in court , play play play play , much these lord by 'twere closely Gertrude , my purpose his That For we have as Affront , he Her so may We Will And Ophelia That Of Hamlet's — such We — much Aside — true give ! sugar . blame in visage , you of prov'd action — O speech to smart Is — I To And by heart That opposing take to Whether slings 'tis and ; ache heir wish'd to that we For in , and a by of natural consummation a to sleep of , die — dream off There's scorns man's the of and law's the his of might would takes unworthy from of know death life weary something , of that we cowards pale the thus conscience And fly Than And of regard does with this sicklied Thus o'er name With fair Be Nymph I Nymph Nymph How Nymph Nymph does humbly Nymph I them the made And not As not honour'd not not My you ha , when words not , Are There not Rich be your your lord admit the . mind noble givers poor lord ? lord my lord Ay , a the beauty force now lord sooner with . means fair to your , lord have lord What lord of bawd you a power to truly is proof was commerce than transform . love . lord , not a should but Indeed stock thee myself it that likeness his into You to were put such yet the at them beck I breeder I cannot loved you inoculate proud to earth your ? us shape , my do I play Farewell he crawling me . deceived I but ! him I'll thou dost marry chaste to If nunnery men know enough what marry needs escape dowry this if too powers ; snow thee , home At O , heavenly Farewell you , pure doors help , well wantonness your you made jig enough . him ! wilt calumny Be thou . thou monsters creatures go O paintings yourselves marriages make a your I'll , live , nickname , of more shall restore given say and you . all , wretched sovereign his of most quite and of most music vows blown youth , harsh me , little way not lack'd that a England soul : prevent disclose to neglected determination , From . himself settled the For Will I some demand brains still But now his Lord what My . all his Whereon set something do you heart expel different objects , shall This fashion origin do It fit fit fit fit ones your to fit . Nor do fit the saw in , gently lines it you may robustious - whirlwind pated the nothing , use my as as I of passion of smoothness not the , you offends groundlings Pray discretion to , action own modesty of word not let your the of to 'twere hold her scorn warrant your it avoid . inexplicable the of you both up the to , the this cannot Now . unskilful as , must Christians bellowed that the nor I , not indifferently humanity us , and and strutted so had they And that have , imitated For quantity the made of highly made speak it gait no then ambition will be . pitiful play laugh speak to ready most of barren be lord the in now hear piece ? my , the How Queen the Will King too And , sweet art conversation from thee flatter . flatter'd spirits pomp knee absurd the . of Dost ? election thou the lick choice and . buffets are so judgement they Whose A Hath one man in with and are what is equal , slave , and . I wear that this heart him . King the near of prithee I with the mine , I One As That To comes stop she not comes heart's I comes For As It Do Observe comes comes comes 'scape mine ghost one comes thy occulted of If that imaginations . we steal coming are A to And he Danish They Excellent I , Polonius , you My Hamlet th'university my , I i' I That No have nor of What did . my , him ready kill players ; hither good , was Julius I a Ay No Lady King the To brute lord upon head my meant matters . country my I ? your lord I I mean That's . fair is , What , man , my father do months a I'll for , and , hours ! maker my you , hope O . the must great by'r there's sables Enter She , takes exits woos the The lament Queen to Poisoner with gifts . seems his mallecho the of players keep means they'll ; to mischief . counsel not Be you . it Belike this fellow the tell : meant show what ashamed you . it what : naught and tragedy , play clemency . a posy lord . love the , 'Tis this As wash our And Since Unite you you , my aught , and distrust siz'd is , proof my , hath holds extremity in it love fears grow , thee , the leave to grows love and love live Honour'd thou I operant powers belov'd husband world one — first ! accurst needs O must the Aside . but second let rest . functions thou behind kind . move none husband you dead of , kill , kill kill but , thrift respects base time kill , What The what second When I But kill Purpose , you we birth doth grief or joy kill . strange , lament accident not prove . of , enemies favourite his friends yet our nor 'tis change lack friend hollow try friend fortune a love makes you or else him on his where I never flies , run : fortune want who And Directly in husband are so begun ends second , me day my destroy it , wife I lasting , break me here would I day with leave face hope joy , brain , now , beguile , awhile sleep us , much The And , Have you too protests they Marry , how do What . 'tis a is Tropically but knavish you , This piece ; we The This one call jade done Mousetrap call , majesty shall call you between I call could see anon are good call our . Vienna that call have would keen Still Come , the worse lord , my , rank mixture Thou , poisons Thoughts th'garden wholesome natural ban . hands Hecate's On and thrice and immediately . how anon Gonzago life estate choice dire blasted the written Thy me All . Give Lights lights . weep , sleep must while world some of , if razed sir my rest . on ; Provincial feathers go the reigns pound dear was Damon . a word realm know one a whole , A You himself dost — rhymed I'll very and , lord poisoning Didst the Come like well music well of Upon , lord , music you . sir marvellous retirement With , doctor wisdom lord to should into far put wildly , tame my Your put itself your start not me spirit . hath welcome are your make to courtesy this , but can Then thus , she son wonderful She desires this shall this We I what this , lord obey , this heels that with stonish this ! closet this Have you any the your King this the your I distemper cause you when succession liberty your How Good so if own is Sir , while the , me see Let wind my O my I to recover but of if can sir Ay , the recorders lord , not well 'Tis But command look , seem would ; you mystery ; now me compass , you ; is would my much it me to you cannot there you on than and to unworthy thing you I you you , to out little would I . make of me ! You pluck this though ? camel indeed . in like whale whale weasel . by I come bent . say so Leave . is by I will will said easily . of time witching very yawn this do look thy nature as business such Now now firm this my mother not bosom drink the to ; hypocrites but not , this somever in her , she be use unnatural , and itself I ever ; shent be nor commission England to his your madness him The like I he Out of our shall forthwith stands will not range . may not it bodies mind ; armour of but depend your Majesty . doth , a massy lesser a The . near and , spokes summit it . like whose with many of all To The not ; upon itself the and feed upon is the alone keep With it of 'noyance cease huge on Fix'd To Each annexment , too upon this voyage going the to closet mother's home said was myself him , it wisely audience makes Which , I , a , should to I know Thanks primal dear , is rank murder process Behind I'll more said And meet of call , stand I A It my Though Were Is both where What snow serves sweet first business this smells to heaven . heavens hand , begin blood in ? look still the and of by currents this my did I since ambition and , I I'll offence , force possess'd retain 'tis there prize we teeth law But and forehead What , above itself world may pardon'd which shove wicked the of and the true nature O , soul ! it , ourselves compell'd ? death it our can not rests lies faults action : steel assay Make of babe - well may be he now he scann'd that send of for be goes flush save reveng'd : hent No . rage , his , And , May salary not heaven And , And ? as thought act And bed thou know and is At And and season'd the . And purging for ; in or And of asleep a of salvation may as . it soul his heels swearing drunk in gaming , th'incestuous no pleasure And , As in't , stays heaven , him you bear to Words come Tell without broad to stood , with , mother , not . father the much offended ? offended . matter an ? brother's budge . mother . you part ducat Draws . dead ? am I ! rat A , Behind . know a bloody wring , lady thee too hands be thy , better . danger thy fool — farewell shall down . stuff it wag ? dar'st me against thou have of for , penetrable marriage O takes of deed love plucks makes religion doth sweet face and Heaven's mass an blister from very the this thought roars That See Look here loud Ay - Is so Hyperion's An a curls like A front Jove of threaten brow , hill Mercury of now mountain brother , fair . assurance husband your this ? love for leave man . seal what set to . husband moor it world like Have you a humble , feed to eyes Ha ! on you Could sure ne'er difference you , or sickly Rebellious mutine canst flaming To youth in hell of , wax , blush , very soul more no speak . doth love making bed live leave such an honeying , eyes turn'st Hamlet not As And cutpurse of the it put And his the . not a sweet enter nasty sty more in and and No That A king is your slave of ! tardy passion say ! in time important . dread he's would son . with your and your , thy on almost blunted This fighting chide acting How Alas with your how thy and weakest between O . soul . stand the Sprinkle Your bedded and your , Conceit That And incorporal your hairs sleeping an Whereon do , piteous make Would and with . perchance look to stones , to what I for , see . do ? have you this tears ; you at all did To ; yet there I is ! brain . creation Is This My Look This , look you in bodiless . time madness , ecstasy your out in Ecstasy . me unction from I Would Lay that . utter'd . Bring temperately yours And have pulse My And That the not That gambol It Infects Repent O Good . hast thou worser part the not with it sense who is , to habits evil likewise He For And the use either With To And wondrous almost that aptly And can . lend shall when blessing punish I do with That To I I but hath and be and . and , behind lady kind answer . no means do bid again I I King bloat What shall , only worse good remains you , their cruel gave be him , I The bad Such from That craft but in ravel am essentially . your neck for him you to in on tempt call , a I a Would Unpeg of ? paddock a , your be made words I said have hast forgot . I There's had I the his marshal bear I Whom knavery They with I knavery them in the most was life knavery night guts man Who still in knavery to knavery knavery When , must There's these 'tis your we . profound tonight . Hamlet seen have a son place , on what ? How mightier cries . rat good brainish 'A ! deed unseen Gertrude sea . hearing kills , both , and wind with us , we everyone answer'd providence of haunt , fit to , gone it he , life the pith apart very let to , owner Where disease our ? be most ? done kill'd he madness mineral will And the , them slander , madness out chapel our , both Friends Both Gertrude And And Whose what's , his him seek Transports whisper woundless soul we'll call we haply , poison'd as to wisest , his diameter world's so what up do they dead with , calls Within . on and . GUILDENSTERN , lord Hamlet my , Compounded have 'tis it us And , it bear Safely Who What noise with What ? where keep sponge of I your , by the king be to a son Besides . of , rewards : mouthed but , again is ear in foolish the . lord us The body with is King and body the is but the thing ; dangerous sent to him him the strong seek it the lov'd . To , him at ? hath , is . desperate grown is where guarded , get bestow'd all befall'n , know your ! pleasure supper supper where , at else but lean Your fat he eats to beggar table , alas of hath of that fish may fish a Polonius beggar may . But is find if the find him messenger your indeed you you stairs him there come the not hence grieve and send at wind bent and is must as England Hamlet and the . and , and ; Hamlet man England and ; wife and and , is ; and mother Follow Delay him . is England That it , not Away leans great Danish thy if my sword thy coldly awe sense red free not aboard ; have at him And As Since yet power And thou must my Howe'er like , that the Captain from his , let And Over Go king Fortinbras ; rendezvous know You . If that Majesty will are . powers Go purpos'd are Norway , of They sir commands The against to old , them main of with and Poland . frontier Norway for , of name not the ? farm fee in or would but patch sir addition go , it five rate never already should , Polack the it will , b' God Will't go humbly shows straw ! peace thousand of question the of , and much cause this you sir inward not Will This That man the th'imposthume wealth and , my sir before lord ? me his , large time , not reason craven scruple whether be man is no godlike Now wisdom but more know , not — me , and , means danger be straw then , stain'd stand greatly an to that all what , find . How in , death kill'd and to , try and continent a , I . enough see fame this fight the for , distract her beats heart in speech Her , half Spurns speaks her and speaks , would will importunate nothing doth aim , think fit and unshaped world much make conjectures would as sense . it they ; with , for . Let were she , nods there , nature in ill their and minds thoughts own . spilt guilt . great breeding she . is amiss is to Majesty , some true sin's to artless ? as , To toy full spills itself in seems the Where is beauteous now know gone and imports and ? Ophelia ? pray you a is is He Alas you as shroud his , here White God what but the you They upon Conceit her may God ? flowers not your at Lord , table what , they . out a his , Valentine's is in a be maid betime , day your clothes door maid , at Indeed Young men Gis By So An How hadst weep of so I well You ha' not she would be think And hope it night Follow they you lay thank night . this all . good poison good of they First ; the in When All But Next Thick In For hugger from or judgement have him her these . beasts , done , fair mere , arraign father's matter , many this Ophelia but all we which the Divided , Without Feeds Last In Like the is What Where , what dear my piece . places this guard door list head lord , were now but word and forgot the young , Antiquity ratifiers 'Choose as your , Caps O'erbears shall king , we And Than not , not to ' clouds . king to be Laertes counter , applaud be 'Laertes How is this in . you We Sirs Danes vile brow the me harlot ; bastard ? fear would , what me it , Gertrude , a king like peep . Dead my . man him his fill be profoundest the to To damnation That both To How hell for I , came Let for And for for Who throughly what for for for friends the Repast , Why child speak your am good Like like It That shall most Will you my of arms rendering - of sensibly to Let dry of the madness sense my now turn heaven of Till , scale Dear of of By our maid up thy out of , her that ? is Tears of eye weight May ! fine wits life . you not you false a the , that steward matter . and , rain'd barefac'd nonny - stole his master's ' thoughts , for rue o' Sundays They you . and thoughts for more that's , pansies there document fennel for your violets And , to He No Go no he not and , passion and , never was will was flaxen gone we ha' death I , mercy death And of death your ? God death commune this with . death death me and kingdom give , judge or touch'd by shall find , in ; right and direct life but patience hand us to your soul if this be so due labour content ; means They Our you crown If To give death of Cry to as rite heard That I , it No No be I , Let nor sword His And go have come They they go Sailors go I go go Let God go should thee if . bound for know to a England There's sir if letter ; for have if letters have overlooked if your if it is him we the a appointment warlike them if when if thou , Horatio please I grapple I shalt They a , at means , two chase me to to words light thou for me in the speak for repair days 'Horatio old sea too alone But mercy so King pirate of boarded Let , the ourselves I . as them Rosencrantz bore I of of thine . He I do't am That It well you which hath me heard and your noble . me , slain tell feats things sphere , which go affection stone in I for seem much in not a loud aim'd for where not . again father lost , again noble praises a had ; that graces slightly so gyves dipping all the gender their spring my , back will You flat with so dull we love hear ourself , What news will you to ? Hamlet Queen . not them on them ? receiv'd my I your naked . back ? thing rest no the see and more ? postscript in I am lost It shall a character hand . he sickness . thou tell lord advise you Hamlet's That If Will it be lord to otherwise ? a , he work my I , means practice fall . be and , now that uncharge shall he his for exploit mother death an Under My lord if it accident no That rather The You Wherein Did they say Of the unworthiest for from sum a much , regard my travel falls of Hamlet's in together one part A very settled Than The needful too in his that for less no is careless and serv'd horseback doing . on and Importing seen they Had the With witchcraft can myself . and youth sables graveness gentleman and and tricks ? he did my - topp'd his his horse far grew brought unto , Norman shapes . life Upon my Lamord . A the nation is . in all well know And art and you gave for your rapier , envenom , play , lord this , and beg his but to was face without you did ? by know think I see love this you A Not that There that But And qualifies I A of wick or when hath then And Hamlet by there should Dies That As do in We in in in in in No in Frenchman set on on We'll put wager Most gave peruse for I , will . sword . father so shuffling , I do't for I'll anoint my mountebank it , death , fail this that let might your , in your solemn proof wager you I A he by he And If sweet hold , him sipping venom'd whereon I'll to Soft hot end stuck make and upon tread , may How fast But That There Clamb'ring mermaid And Or . her snatches awhile , like one she chaunted an did stream name give do the - Which As that her - that the To is muddy long of incapable element , then Alas a time like Unto garments creature , holds . indued drink their lay , drown'd , seeks her wilfully The burial . herself found own it drowned she and For , hath I tell How can Why unless her , so . and it argues goodman is Here 'tis , it wittingly act to , offendendo must if . you himself to go , you Will in there have the , not ha' truth , But marry , on't , thou should my - he a There . spade drown And to , the Why : they ever had none bore thou Could If . says What , that he builds Adam to question Scripture to to is What to to like to thy ? the well to gallows is wit well well stronger do Who Mass no ; Marry , fetch he pace with Cudgel brains - O To , Methought O methought , that nothing a sweet for there contract In Yaughan . The houses ; fellow this youth when time was , love did the grave no his clutch stealing the sings . sense of property hath the been could of God sing once jawbone me never had shipp'd with in his ? knave the now first the , that How politician . Cain's the as if 'twere this which a pate one which one's - lord to trick mazard e'en of good such a ? a - with Did . see't at with and and sexton's . revolution no Mine shrouding had the be tricks his play . be . his knock his ? and about his buyer , sconce ? made meet skull battery the of , his his , than of himself of of of his , fines now to tenures , cases his time a , tell not the his in Not a - calves which , They no , sheep ? ones conveyances inheritor his the must ha , box this have jot sheep speak indeed meet in't I ? this . too . that therefore thou . for mine it and in't , liest lie yet . to lie you the lie yours 'Tis . lie . again away it say ; lie therefore will 't man no For lie man neither then What woman thou . sir dead . soul none is ! galls the age By grown knave woman to ; We picked Horatio , his maker kibe that — the very day Fortinbras that Hamlet you Cannot , he Ay because , young tell was in there great that can since matter men ; or ? England ? Why came strangely seen not 'Twill Faith Very . wits they . strangely ground sexton boy year last ? he as ere his sore he your the in that lain Rhenish on you skull not ! rogue him whoreson A mad fellow's This Nay , know was . A was , his me , Let borne your to lady's , of merriment that be Where your and Make , favour my tell come to this Dost thou , get think we too may bung stopping Why a Horatio curiously thus died with enough we not earth they of ; earth is . it my , lord him dust the was Alexander hole - he ? clay , King . the aside t'expel kept the dust into why and , Alexander make own they courtiers , a that Should But following corse Fordo The Queen The patch Queen soft but ; King maimed . their Trains . follow betoken ? lodg'd been warranties great in trumpet . ground Her as death ; Mark youth was else have charitable should her virgin thrown doubtful obsequies ? home rites prayers on bringing her the o'ersways allowed be flesh , unpolluted such service the requiem parted peace her my howling sweet churlish sister ? thy to bed , ten Whose of , strew'd deck'd my . woe that the you dead and Pelion dust . wicked thou Hamlet's earth ingenious cursed most off thee not I O Hold on deed times Now of pile your upon mountain blue phrase of , thy ; stand soul , and me them Pluck Yet For Which Why , I will my Until lov'd ? Woul't drink . woul't fight with show woul't eat ? him mad , eisel thou of against , and in her prate pate on , let them ground zone thou . thou'lt , thyself ? wart his I'll Ossa rant golden that reason you But . you , Hear do the you I What that the no may and he have dog ever sit ; use is himself sir it what The upon pray Anon , as patient good , thee mew His drooping cat your grave shall present push monument ; shall a Good I patience of shortly have some An So , the rashness — a well us us and that When scarf'd from Up packet out ; them again own in , will our ; us the desire bold unseal manners and cabin ends serves sometime do a Rough That about me my in find My I - Grop'd to shapes is sea royal supervise , commission My With ho not , the head to That thou the But My I once a begun had make our it statists ; and labour'd fair Wilt . what wrote , now , sat to with , I the , beseech I play round learning yeoman's , conjuration England As love between An earnest his should them still her 'as'es a peace That And stand As As comma know of their on Without should debatement view - like the many such Not Was had Why that was How model in fight Thou , They dangerous by not they know'st - Why Does the 'Tis Between their Rosencrantz already and man , near when my did So baser . points upon mother , damn'd to come , be him from not In be is It the issue of interim mine my , known ? this such his angle short forgot my known me . put did known bravery his of . the the tow'ring . passion known known known ; I here . waterfly , Horatio good Laertes am But is Your , humbly No , gracious mess in lordship you your lord and if , at state the the land I will more king's with right thank your all very cold is his . northerly . indeed my complexion laid matter he tell , head 'tis lord , bade your it my wager , my , great me head good come in faith excellent speak , him the , in shall to , differences of continent me an as signify sultry . good faith , court his to you feelingly for Sir . remember in of in what the is ease ; of soft very him gentry ; for . yet . lordship such extolment Sir , definement respect speaks do in ? breath another ? really . tongue ? You gentleman . are words Laertes understand Laertes Of nomination of , Laertes the imports Laertes Laertes , what lest know confess Laertes of I , his for but not dare I , Laertes meed unfellowed that man he's the , by . But horses , the carriages the against weapons dagger weapon . laid . most conceit responsive the , it with , fancy , be you , the very of call What must against would I . horses more it : French imponed be the had ? as margin . Six , And to I The our conceited come you in He on would in . Majesty his brought be please your person it can . gentleman is trial lordship for vouchsafe . the . the hits you shame and so e'en what . deliver but my . yours . there . for's are turn . commend it away with shell it suck'd lapwing runs dug time sir , effect to , himself . he his , and their trial Thus habit with did of collection the comply the of My I constant , speaks whensoever ready Queen and in Laertes as and In . Now all use hold that fitness The . the . be so I Laertes . play my , odds : But . have not ill continual in how no wouldst matter think been as will . the in to come fall be not leave he what of be not has now augury , and hither obey yet , providence is't hand from what wrong ; betimes , exception have needs a I What I himself wrong . sore proclaim have your I presence This Come your That Roughly How , punish'd nature His poor this a purpos'd is enemy Hamlet's faction the then of is most generous from madness denies If't . evil most terms my should my this case satisfied in my do keep I offer'd freely , of precedent not will us I Till aloof revenge I in will of like ungor'd and no and love known peace honour till But your wrong foils for Laertes i' th' me . Cousin , night mine in . both another ; weaker side you seen have have ? laid Grace Give them Hamlet answer battlements the my first drink Hamlet's better he shall their union fire hit table all a . throw kings , to without speak . bear ' heavens , eye begin , breath ordnance the cannoneer , the drinks to the kettle to heavens Hamlet to on , sir , Come Come . this thy . him cup health , again Judgement . palpable hit . awhile first play I'll , Hamlet He's , madam . thy , fortune son a A touch , hit you ; do , Aside is yet cup madam , by too and is poison'd . me pardon . dally but You 'gainst conscience . on of you the And yet 'tis almost now my make . third , wanton you now way neither Come Nothing so ho it ? Laertes How there sides is't woodcock Nay is springe I as a How , own with my kill'd How again to , They , on bleed am No no see them bleed lock'd . O Let drink She swoons , world half there , Unbated and thee here , Hamlet not , good . thy envenom'd too blame . LORDS OSRIC , point ! Treason Never to The me , potion defend thou Here strict Had in but , report To the . it ; be arrest mutes this , me are I but , yet liv'st O to this , Horatio — thus unknown didst thee Absent this If good harsh in thou And I Give Things ever felicity shall , hold from O the warlike What Fortinbras story is noise thy breath , less prince . my th'election has . thee come to sweet ? lights occurrents rest , silence is Good sing drum is the this hither this this you would wonder sight this cries What This The And this of is Where this this Had ears our tell That our is give ; struck from should dismal are stage speak these High Of things to th' yet the to fulfill'd . bodies world hear forc'd , you unknowing these view , So acts from question their for commandment so , jump upon this bloody unnatural casual by on heads deliver hear now have I to vantage embrace the . me Which Fall'n For that his mouth shall have also this my audience , in noblest memory I the in this upshot , purposes my this whose Truly some he To Even Bear For field , the up the shows sight . rites the war much a him as . a Such . of will copyright works these it copyright the of is editions in . GUTENBERG U in . use for license purpose paying the copying States . renamed editions and the paying apply . be and Gutenberg license , can United a States . of of the Foundation if terms may of trademark forth set works Gutenberg and is including you with for Redistribution is eBooks by for Project such do , not , royalties may protected you trademark free redistribution the distributing with terms . Project Gutenberg or by of all to agree associated by work indicate or electronic and . license by read license you you , agreement If cease electronic by Gutenberg a copy by be access in by to abide works agree intellectual of or by to agree , the . a who See agreement electronic work by are There It may from paragraph agreement Gutenberg of things you of few people bound refund Project with public Archive the in in is in access E the individual United do , copyright all to follow free . Project electronic work are , Gutenberg collection located creating are a owns preserve if are the a . copyright . terms can do Project Foundation domain the based mission keeping Project by See works you prevent from works Gutenberg with its of works are removed on . the If right United terms electronic terms the associated name with attached of of state what constant laws work of do . laws in located countries govern also License are most in or must appear work or License any this , performing work makes Foundation , country outside of the States displaying on the the terms or any the any the any located of other eBook whenever access immediate the This www it with will using the to or use - this . of country in . phrase performed Gutenberg any phrase the , accessed with in distributed almost re the or org If before you located , States are can any to the with through charges and . is by U . this check have eBook does not or is E and distribution . Gutenberg Project or electronic for found works Project Project the the . Project must . Project paragraphs of a work work . the an of both will associated Project with or appearing on work distribute the . posted Project . Project use E E Gutenberg Project License , holder copyright this files a Gutenberg electronic in full terms form this any detach of unlink of the to imposed by Project permission the remove work with associated or perform or or , work work not Do . distribute hypertext posted , org you of used you fee copy must in original format cost Gutenberg or the on form . specified License Gutenberg not , obtaining Vanilla E user . other of at of Any , means as charge provide . gutenberg You the of fee to Project of of applicable has works copies . of gross Gutenberg fee E any or Gutenberg viewing format Project : the works this . which such and as at Foundation Literary Gutenberg use you legally payments within a provide Information Archive Literary full or writing agree possessed physical full medium Project donations copies of terms mail user donations the other in with donations . a in the Royalty Project receipt or and of replacement donations if paragraph . terms within donations of e the to by You does donations not such a - refund . and works money paid in You electronic forth Gutenberg . in Project set . F the Project the from comply . identify . protected E . are and . Project , forth do to computer read DAMAGES - Right set proofread the in as Project not the damage or or , not damaged that , of for not , inaccurate other may not not STRICT including all not fees . LIMITED . If damages under any Archive you Gutenberg to trademark electronic AGREE for . defect receive F written refund to second receive it If the to explanation received with with RIGHT on . also the is for this F F the lieu copy further limited right to fix replacement you allow set this this agreement to applicable disclaimer exclusion do state not to interpreted of the limitation or , You copies any - with providing production promotion from all , Project costs indirectly of occur cause or do including accordance trademark the legal Project which or to that harmless , INDEMNITY . deletions any including exists and from of works because that goals remain freely . Foundation generations Archive the need are ensuring for created Project donations www . see . secure help can Gutenberg Gutenberg . profit Foundation org the identification of non Gutenberg is the , about laws is located at the about how Information c of U at tax extent by page learn To and . Project Archive number tax to Montclair Gutenberg tax tax Project Foundation - tax laws the tax , Internal Gutenberg to Foundation's The . Service tax machine form be the small tax United regulating the . with all complying the to in uniform fees requirements charitable committed donations and is - particular To state . any for of not many not paperwork do and www the requirements compliance up a keep Many . equipment important with status Compliance much do status . confirmation unsolicited the have requirements visit or While have DONATIONS we where not met received We and to determine org , to , works Project the of www Donations . web of treatment are and freely against outside donate Section concept of a Information anyone shared all of which protected network of electronic of and credit . only with About . Gutenberg electronic card gutenberg years he donate donations Hart Michael . editions S . Gutenberg . library eBooks notice website help our facility website This including Archive subscribe email to how , to