Who's , answer . Stand ! King and ? unfold Barnardo upon You now this sick much 'Tis at am thanks . come most twelve 'Tis , watch good , guard quiet had And For Have Not night Horatio to the liegemen night . Stand them bid Friends And think I hear , ground who , hath , Give place , what Barnardo Marcellus ? Welcome this has my . has may And When his it burns The bell course star Last same made now Where yond ; scholar In , Peace figure same then Look . Horatio wonder . this fair the would It like not It thou which it is stalks heaven and time Horatio be spoke What ? speak ! speak . You ? think ! See Stay ! 'Tis , not What Without my ! thyself the ! was Such ! Thus like had ; angry I of to and gross the bodes some strange thought particular , Why sit hath subject most and the daily of impress And for mart nightly down So the make is't the I can ; the day us last Our . sweaty the can but side slay Dar'd Thereto as , so to For Did Fortinbras ; image whisper , in on you by the this ; life , moiety article by , same young , the seal'd a by heraldry all and law ratified with stood And he Was he up a mettle the , list in't of . this his by So to unimproved skirts Shark'd terms ; of lawless some is , and to appear well and , As to be sort the was I But And source of main us which And , and preparations I hand , other no by those this , eye Rome our this strong lands chief land : fell it Is the foresaid take dead the - of the the King wars mind's of so but rummage motive , blood , sheeted Julius state , moist dews the Roman and like other is it little graves That A trains sun influence almost in with squeak In question watch through Comes armed to stars Disasters ere gibber of precurse omen together . and climatures our Unto countrymen coming still the of , events Stay , illusion where voice of again thing it be . to good to Lo to doomsday fierce ! grace , Speak Speak thy speak happily art to If may the , privy soft , comes , or me me to thee be thou cross I'll , me country's avoid ! it and , partisan my I For If thou foreknowing ! in earth 'Tis 'Tis here Do it stand . 'Tis if will it not , Stop Marcellus ! here the show of being so majestical , And Upon in summons fearful it We , The cock the and erring in and shrill started And , god sea of spirit ; day lofty a about , was Doth 'gainst object , It his , trumpet at hies truth probation of birth singeth no nor , The Wherein that Some of say , witch , look have our the , heard , of yon the power to time is eastward advice hill , it . dear it our and , brow our and that brother's , grief ourselves on him with we Together far with in hearts so To That In better affair Now state Our Or and ourself the business uncle is is rid purpose - bed is for . is this of young is hears here Fortinbras is writ is scope your we dilated Giving : proportions that are made dispatch all Voltemand here Norway old than the personal to more . duty . our the news with is't , Dane thy the the mouth thy Laertes , favour my have lord return to father . France Denmark . France pardon done toward ? from at slow my leave me last consent . son thine thy time my less and kind . you on clouds hang i' off on vailed friend nighted thy a that lives all in look like ever noble thy the nature it to eternity . is cloak inky solemn good I ; it so it , If , it be , particular madam Nay Why ! No 'Tis with , Nor not all These but I the Nor Together But they can To To father But A heart shows It Of impious lost must have sweet in and your heaven , to fault a our vulgar be simple unfortified should , 'tis , in , mind most and and peevish to thing fault opposition to theme , to cried today throw We who dead corse pray think of earth his son of the to ' . for let whose , common us died , nature hath you and throne love bears nobility he till woe world your For our desire : remain , our comfort bend we Than that a You I Do And Why I the rouse this , resolve Thaw and O And Re His canon 'gainst Or that that How Seem to on't - King's self - too heaven thunder into a and gross so that much should all king , rank not loving to roughly ; so the ? I her face Visit Let me not Must what little which , Niobe Like Hyperion As fed on — she tears . or Frailty yet appetite of and , Why remember he not Heaven grown month is name thy all With O , married Had She With such . the the salt flushing dexterity nor heart must hold come of well : of good lordship to Hail of Horatio of of incestuous her in ! to . of good same , friend ; you . lord : ever servant my ? from lord — from lord sir . say ear my your of affair are own no ? depart funeral me your father's in you deep it . make To I do it , my , see to was mock not my Horatio dearest that seen forth the The funeral tables Horatio father heaven . all . again yesternight deliver father Saw ? The admiration let love nights Two the dead Marcellus In thus exactly and with - like - pie father night your of , fear This , watch this knew word upon where we . both , not did it not had of Where where are I once , away ; true 'tis , this watch but , do We Indeed Arm'd from my my My lord ? my to my Then countenance A O my yes lord frowningly sorrow or my my more . upon . you a . it had there amaz'd . Stay'd tell no it grizzled saw't . might and moderate , It would have much like hundred Longer as beard when haste I , MARCELLUS Not in . have will 'twill my though noble I , his again . it walk person still tongue twelve , itself . ye visit to you eleven , no , all should . pray you well : duty I'll , are assistant sleep give not you , benefit o'erwhelm , Till doubt spirit foul the night ! come , in ; lasting ; favour his , winds But let you For Think . sweet a ? youth more blood nature ; so of a not and and a fashion , in trifling of mind fear , own depends his of ; no of weigh'd himself and And He For The Grows no more as must is soul and loves but not besmirch birth his will ; nor soil his is health must voice for not , particular ; saying in your . Then deed which act to says further Denmark voice his far is honour you your goes may his open songs chaste sister sustain you ; choice on wisdom his of list my affection ; it place treasure . strokes moon the the spring desire enough of and dew disclos'd . be none imminent of , of of , keep brother near fear . of good But ungracious some my shall not heart recks primrose a and thorny and . heaven , of ; to do my lesson in There smiles O path dalliance . memory thoughts precepts for Laertes fear tongue . act . thou familiar friends thou these And thou Grapple any stay'd are Those Be Look shoulder a upon , sits you with sail , of aboard my ? And But that Of character means hoops by but , unfledg'd with tried vulgar but beware may quarrel ; thy thee thy being can purse , of but but rich buy the not few reserve proclaims rank man ; best chief generous and judgement thy edge thine loses in Neither they most a And Farewell humbly ; must follow then as nor and that ; in . husbandry be friend : true tend . the man , go Farewell 'Tis in shall said , your . it : the Lord bethought hath well , yourself keep memory please you , he to you touching to said ? he Ophelia very — put 'tis yourself and your must on and free ; circumstance , tenders . me bounteous you most as — way of understand ? daughter my so is you Give I honour . clearly tell a many the What you not know believe Unsifted in lord , honourable importun'd hath he it not thus In , to the Tender you have are Which Or Running countenance call his my . heaven , to to . a phrase dearly fool . pay a for tenders . yourself more poor love tender wind of the . lord , in is time making both - of vows woodcocks holy I it these your , as fire entreatments a so much parley tether Lord that him to light catch prodigal daughter , do extinct : vows blood in You not Not Do Believe must not of Breathing not Look to't , to , But would better like dye vows . a given investments show : they few In ; you that mere unholy for terms , from for pious their beguile so I air charge ; with my it is ; and What is The very cold . and , wassail , here breach born I ; native custom , o'erleavens , them phrase . not reason these men particular nature much . height other and ; The They in By breaking Or , vicious nature cannot birth o'ergrowth it mole wherein say I As That chances some for their their Since some plausive habit the pales and too — stamp the dram ! comes it Be a will lord his particular the in that Doth and with Angels airs intents such a charitable blasts or call ! from us , damn'd O the quietly but in , cerements canoniz'd , royal Dane or health of spirit Be com'st not burst thee . hearsed thee me thy , his saw in goblin heaven I'll , me Hamlet thee answer shape ! we shake we burst cast thou dead up bones op'd Let thus of this jaws and Wherefore ? reaches to corse again Wherein That , beyond hideous what , I no . fee . removed ground . my sea life horrible base of ? your o'er life toward immortal can ; life life my should be the life a pin's thing , soul my a the life his dreadful summit there That Or it me Being life Which And if That And draw Without Go I call'd say As My makes hardy fate shall each on him , gentlemen this nerve imagination follow . me thee fit rotten the ; Have is 'tis what in let's Mark ? me , go further Speak I'll is sulph'rous hour When My poor poor to Must I Alas poor poor a poor So Doom'd And poor and the tale I am poor day confin'd . of secrets thy harrow could purg'd the certain Till each eyes up and particular soul my whose thy part end blood I , freeze locks to blazon the like stars to on their from fretful stand must not be list love ! forbid nature am house But two thy And Thy Would start list most and ever didst thou If Like blood . this and ! ears it ; is wings as weed than be Wouldst That rots itself in ease on apt thee thou that my Lethe ; sweep And 'Tis shouldst Now find I given thou Is by ; this ear my of the sleeping . of to As duller in me a serpent not stir out stung abus'd A but prophetic that of , adulterate the , power beast have virtuous with , lust of won shameful queen , that hand marriage natural as it won was a Hamlet to wicked O O me mine lust Though won though in angel shape and dignity won link'd won , afternoon within Sleeping thy won stole a morning orchard , heaven never in mov'd will in in ; vial man in through did ; in . blood courses into did mine in like most a gates leperous Holds in natural swift such Upon And The That of quicksilver it ; crust be incest . it horrible on thee bed and howsoever not mind damned bear ! luxury the hast Let A aught royal thou pursu'st of my imperfections , blossoms , I Cut ! nature not glow - prick 'gins thy that . couch Against To adieu you pale nor in to uneffectual his the Fare once at be Remember adieu hell sinews grow not What ! while memory host of to ; leave bosom else seat memory records , a holds ? up instant ! earth , up heart up live shall alone , thee pressures up my damned set , it Meet . tables My one Unmix'd up with And All up pernicious saws That pernicious commandment and observation Yes , and it so in pernicious . pernicious pernicious pernicious At , 'Adieu . lord my . him ' MARCELLUS be boy my ! ho . bird , news How , Within So . ho lord ? Come But and be . think it man , I , Not No , my There's To no Ay by an , in There needs a us you and ; right , it your hath we without business every as , ghost are Why so that man is it as You ; Yes , by faith shake are Yes offend and Look , you whirling . heartily sorry ghost but lord , my , tell friends , Horatio , request poor friends What , you Give my We tonight , seen MARCELLUS and HORATIO , offence known lord , make me one . swear't , For is It In Nay Never not . faith in , sword lord sworn , my indeed . Nor We Indeed upon , Cries the thou cellarage , have , to on your of et Never Propose And Beneath mole Well A O night but in are Than There and a , as more therefore heaven give this ! as or I strange How are Here ! pioner And Or That of , before never hereafter antic such you As put , 'We or ; at times shall think , they . do might' not note you help to and this most : me of ambiguous out , or doubtful . Swear , do , joint of That With what t'express willing The and Beneath perturbed I poor spirit . man , O Let is you in pray . I . Reynaldo let's on lack his us go spite right marvellous visit . these . it . make Reynaldo , my good lord did to inquiry behaviour I , do Of , him wisely ; first , in As Marry And how , well so and I father distant demands particular part as Than Take your you That noted ; ' very there heed known most What But As may , youth , you but , Addicted if't be he so ; and To Quarrelling are companions My warrant of on son know th' my prenominate would assur'd working , crimes you , addition 'gentleman' — sir good man and the to According Very 'Good By I was At — I say was ' . ' marry the , as you , and in's perchance o'ertook house : a this wisdom takes or assays lecture find and You lord My . son by my have have . and . you ? fare , his inclination Alas the God of been matter , my so what's him let And , How now With , as what I have was sewing , in the his I his name in purport hell hard of had look his his lord out of me do arm , and his , arm his my and he shoulder me bulk profound his turn'd their lets without without on light me go Come And As end This o' And his And That have given but hard ? of denied you letters did sorry . to , seek their to , late command to — and me him hath my afflict And to to , you our as oft does What to And No As be More must known To lack It meant I This beyond is seems thee wreck , go for , it Resembles Of Our The Welcome Moreover that we sending transformation th'exterior was from it dream much So I being of neighbour'd Something I call heard , man hath him , both up companies be should it of himself . brought youth here his entreat it . put . remedy our within hath . of afflicts . awhile . vouchsafe you as unknown you and by your on Good time little draw much That gentlemen , he talk'd , you there much two us sure , Might both more command , will good time and shall king's majesties bent of feet to and beseech commanded at . your full the in obey , you some , Go . gentlemen where visit . Hamlet gentle instantly Norway Are Th'ambassadors Thou , him is still been joyfully and think I Both hold my , trail do that : good news . liege King have . to long I Assure hast lord my do I And Have the Hunts As us'd do I th'ambassadors bring them feast found but no of all your that son's ; distemper we and source is Well His I father's , Welcome Voltemand , from my desires to , Polack to ? him out sent which into , 'gainst your Highness he ; whereat suppress and our Norway truly age hand he ; so was It , preparation , never overcome arms of before uncle , in and in with , against , obeys arrests impotence and sends , griev'd , Polack shown , fee against crowns commission three Norway , pass , further , before Through So With That And Go Meantime we rest and majesty day for us likes well time upon your home what day , duty ended time night and Your . the brevity brief it ; is't What Therefore nothing What And Mad tediousness is soul and expostulate remains . figure at A will . we us say Or effect comes . pity , effect , this cause I of this 'tis : true pity 'tis 'tis true then . you and you , 'beautified' most the . to ? faithful , you will shall you , move you be you Adieu it best his , dear lady my his ? think What As fain would had When I perceiv'd my daughter Majesty told me here , might you you honourable receiv'd love . book think you , the tell queen might on what . I a ? upon play'd love young . is a resort precepts . sight I I thus , out winking work , what , winking the desk , went then And lock the , winking tokens round with mute did winking thy his no receive she , a And winking Thence Thence winking a a lightness And Do all watch repulsed sadness — fruits of tale to he , a from , make that ' otherwise indeed hid find ? otherwise I'd , this if though it were will , centre it we walks the in he I'll further , to . behind If reason and assistant the You know and I loose . no But keep me not Let be And a do him look , does my I'll But We will the sadly . where Do you know , my - fishmonger . man a . so goes . lord my dead a a lord were Then Honest ? my this in carrion you . man , as the if her not you How ; And . gone me not truly in he ? may at I'll first say him speak words , you , satirical matter are slave and . weak All tree - plum potently you beards Slanders the is What I , that they , sir , though it like — air as I yet my of madness walk Into ? Aside backward , my backward . you and crab backward method lord pregnant , I and leave . backward take him on of that backward . most , backward me humbly air o' happiness not backward be often Will , are is Indeed suddenly My You withal honourable out so A prosperously contrive sanity ! my lord , the means of anything , fools well My ; save . These old You To go Rosencrantz On Fortune's in the indifferent live you Then Faith , near . What Fortune Then Prison Denmark's my she that have there being We Denmark one you think o' not there ; too dreams mind of count a and I the a have ; are merely is for nutshell not , it in it ambition so shadow's a but of th' reason GUILDENSTERN . you . upon We'll not will speak in To the you such matter I visit my beaten I ? What . me should the But kind anything , to . by must ever - you charge . you secrecy your , and will lost heavily all my disposition forgone , promontory I . feather . sterile seems , indeed and the it to me so firmament most no exercises What moving than with how , look , man how a , is , the of to like foul , this brave o'erhanging ; it of neither what the in and fire congregation , pestilent noble you fretted work a . in quintessence the paragon Man delights I said , how action is this woman thoughts my in such you me yet how not animals apprehension your smiling seem to you when by ? though there delight not . of , was if the shall from you . laugh then no coted are hither plays think players my , the me not the of were the same estimation ? was when means did so they comes inhibition their profit they travel ? residence chances wont those Even I think hold , their of and aerie most are , berattle common of afraid are tyrannically little in the are pursue they rapiers children , their to do on and no so afterwards like no Is't Ay , the Do boys my , is uncle do they ; for and , could picture twenty 'Sblood , little if in his too Hercules out . lord not , would out make mouths very is out is a Gentlemen garb out . welcome In Elsinore and out to are . out is my But my to are . Let You , are . handsaw you at his ear . a the , each with - Guildenstern hawk from too not come : he's you Happily will , to tell to a they is That . of for say . man old , my , hither news of a news Monday , you have comes actors I , best tragical The The actor - poem the ! light nor , either - pastoral a only comedy history historical , or men , Plautus the and had , loved . well more ' Why daughter treasure . These are ? my , lord , no daughter . my on th' i' ? Jephthah my Nay , follows then What As The first lord , I . lord glad ? am see my since well Denmark friend comes will my , O all . in within ! to more , where than , when I like you speech Pray What valanc'd ? a Come is chopine French the falconers . give , passionate speech it , a the judgements in well digested such were no phrase mine of top — but in , matter called in it but said scenes there nor more than honest . fine method might , to as make lines as speech in your it in One the to thereabout in set an slaughter . If , it Priam's , the that Pyrrhus — wholesome see , the indite modesty live sallets it and and , trick'd to smear'd sons , streets damned and wrath , gore Pyrrhus and good and discretion and accent good antique rage of Ilium flaming crash top his hideous sword , milky blow strikes blow with with lo th'air i' will , blow storm rack stand blow and Pyrrhus . some blow after the the against , blow - pause and see nothing Did heavens often rend Aroused Mars's On With , thou synod , nave spokes as This As bowl to It He's shall a barefoot Run With bisson ! up rheum diadem late A seen had her lank and of o'erteemed for queen' threat'ning upon a that queen' is loins , the fear th'alarm all in caught and A and good About , with did make sword move milch with gods Pyrrhus his instant The Would tongue her that rest colour his , out have players a live time them the ill . eyes , in's has and The . them . desert than you soon . Good honour Gonzago ? a play after . Take and dignity and . hear you tomorrow . Follow that You my and lord . good are dozen Good Ay O not b' rogue monstrous , in Now I . not . you alone ! player wan'd in's all to distraction eyes voice forms With What's to her his fiction it Is Tears A That I he should he have drown would and stage horrid the speech indeed amaze , I , my rascal ears . of Yet cause for , a , he would the the ? all for What he or him to free ; with passion do tears king a i' cannot ? th' across ? appal and , not dear , of and peak throat , No unpregnant gall be , heaven dear lecherous fatted oppression am I But With should have son revenge a vengeance , offal , to the pigeon . my upon't A fall a to , heard play scene , presently , a the , most ! brave heart drab blench seen speak , grounds the , spirits The of the King thing have conscience . with weakness my , melancholy yea potent me very my and is me so turbulent he why confess he feels all you Wherein I'll can from Grating And When But we cause puts does a Nor what him from would do with he Did with forcing of but Of true on keeps ? his much in of so seem way out fell Niggard you are before ; the entreat your heart hear and matter Majesties play him told certain kind of players these joy play we have him . the play play me play play , edge delights . my these lord to shall Sweet so father and ourselves Ophelia by , closely may gather And We Will That For , bestow Affront accident , unseen judge seeing . he or wish . for you , beauties so him be your your shall obey wonted . hope your , again . honours please so an prov'd are — We action such To — way — both it — I ourselves loneliness Your — I deed ugly more harlot's smart — lash The , do true to burden with 'tis that my beautied Aside The is hear coming to in , mind to question . word my is lord them by heart That to perchance in , be The opposing slings The For When Must The The The that wish'd sleep death of shuffled us give That who would of pangs That patient insolence love , man's contumely , from a these weary , No Than o'er with make those of , moment the cowards native hue of name of And With Thus To grunt bodkin that a And makes Is to The Nymph And And Be thank lord , longed Nymph Nymph Nymph Nymph My Nymph humbly That pray I honour'd with lord My As them Take That if my . it believe , will your , fair means What be lord for This did you made cannot you of sinners of me , with had not offences borne I thou more yet but wouldst the was deceived I ? than shape crawling us . Go ? father I of my , house you this , pure thou thy of make you shalt wilt Farewell them . thou calumny Be . too quickly enough ; go well powers of you , more ; have shall no , a , rose and of glass Th'expectancy what , The That I of , see sweet courtier's That Nor all suck'd out feature of O and bells unmatch'd Like Was O'er like not he His madness his which what , the , in do be have down the Haply With Whereon something fashion This From his It well . still in his heart , with , matter . and our he the demand seas countries do I , him grief Hamlet now his said , play as do , after , entreat the neglected beating shall from you , let grief his queen if Sprung And I'll England heard his show We , conference send their be Your all Of But You need Let To you mouth the tongue To in Madness . so shall must unwatch'd It . pray you - town speech , if the as all whirlwind gently Nor , crier spoke my use , I But . the noise to to Suit Be action so observance the overdone now , was , you her from is is not the , neither Herods have would part rags , most . I that and show virtue , of purpose of judicious seen o'erweigh to the off not too tame to though the the ; neither well the of , the I hope the , heard others nor Nature's have , pagan whole the — and that some O more reform the we them some of barren of a the question most . spectators play your of the , and Go laugh then will no sir . speak be that to be ready For . set the , laugh down on let those some uses to set is than though considered the King lord make quantity of and make players this , hasten GUILDENSTERN to , them Will Queen Bid ROSENCRANTZ the We ; cop'd e'er , Horatio ho , your just a . art my O , advancement candied ? hast may I but thy flatter . lord e'en conversation revenue clothe feed And let no do No and , Hast are equal suffering And That my Which I , scene is do A , thee for all buffets are thanks Fortune's blood sound is One when mine it play . ay she pipe and my of - seen guilt thy that comes tonight the a , death soul act a is Do Observe And mine , lord , Well censure of my he , If steal detecting , comment very eyes , whilst I , are march . They A coming to Get . Enter and , King Guildenstern Danish Excellent have I promise That mine now answer To . th'university , did and was I . him you they your upon you ? sit you attractive by ready kill you ; dear , hither of you part my good , you my here's O ! To , Do a That's I nothing think fair What Nothing merry my and hours looks What should . man , Nay my wear for black devil die months and have year . a I'll forgotten ? But Then half shall or epitaph is forgot life 'For O O else ; ago memory , churches outlive then whose is ! horse - he must the let two man's . She She . a with , there's ? sables on , head asleep it , some her with crown and a and , Queen to seeming woos of the of of declines his kisses returns lament . action of the with with kneels of him upon show , three What of this , his accepts end miching argument cannot is Belike know . and this gifts the not you the , to they'll . play . fellow what : players all keep meant patiently tragedy I'll Be this show , what are you For our , of love , my have hearts our salt times brief bands thirties sacred and times moons and twelve in the sun , late be Hymen us , love former and moon done of , ere did our . hands gone round , there and love doubts great leave to do : one kind world . shalt , powers must love is I what Where And In my Now love , thee grow Honour'd For confound Such Faith , operant leave shalt belov'd the husband treason my as breast ! first the second . but who , move second marriage , husband . in now validity on they , 'tis that ourselves the unripe slave do husband respects The base we you what is But do When I kisses me break , strange oft to forget we . memory sticks birth Purpose doth now But Of like own To Which doth The doth joy joys Whether lead loves for us his of on mark yet doth on , enactures , violence to What This doth For doth world For And thoughts think So But ours , devices wilt do fates want shall makes Directly The not Our are second husband dead . well have earth Our But seasons him his to , and hence , awhile beguile . me leave , day . The grow widow Sleep come rock thy tedious dull If . If spirits , never how mischance between . play this sleep methinks too like , us offence in't ? offence th' image what of name play play is his wife . Let : Baptista but us unwrung : not the . work , are , no souls if , could . King touches it the . see . chorus , our piece that lord are take you my , Pox doth murderer Begin , else drugs raven bellow collected and time creature fit seeing weeds thrice Confederate Thoughts faces you mistake , black , It season hands He extant poisons is him written murderer the rises . of choice estate wholesome for's The King the with fire anon how property infected love . The Gonzago You wife . immediately love love Give love fares frighted my Away love , love love , the , of ? watch runs a hart , of forest the ; me a Turk , get Half whole dost himself , dismantled ghost's the ? have perceive word for . a ? talk of note lord Come him the . well , You very did Very . I music like likes not recorders perdie comedy . with word a history — him of , my Come , lord , With marvellous in Ay , whole , Is The sir should to , tame , sir , in The Queen my from my I mother your right . it breed If mother's end be sent the do hath of will the I diseased ; My answer a you . command , wholesome my But ? you say , mother answer such my — a mother sequel as into there go mother's of so heels speak desires to admiration ? is her struck say , sir mother , you , this no this . to you and this bed stonish this this in you ten this times did by lord trade once love this mother our us with , stealers surely your to You and distemper musty himself the . King of griefs your have if , succession while you your lord that , the my lord O to Ay the grows grass the proverb me toil . pray my bold duty understand My lord cannot I . upon this will finger and ? these , and the stops not . have I me , most the . of would the the of top little out You ! harmony are these in you upon . though ? in , of a you me you and sir you a you instrument what cannot , Queen that's 'tis like is It you see you Very backed mass yonder the , By you a a weasel . is like to my a weasel . and like a come . by fool to top . mother itself could and witching me , day the I , friends blood out : not hot let bosom none be somever this be soul , daggers be in cruel , not ; to my , enter . on look to me soul Let of soul words never To him let I madness your To keep those will We Most That feed many religious ourselves provide it mind of the and itself To The live all and and from but . It is of gulf a lesser ten thousand which the when highest doth spokes with spirit not it lives Fix'd whose huge on , with falls groan general it near That With Did to , alone a . pray goes but to put too GUILDENSTERN - closet him , myself convey his going he's Behind the My you that makes more warrant I'll arras I'll she'll than , well what Fare of I'll dear ere audience tax said mother o'erhear liege bed , was . a partial you go should , heaven it , my It A Though stand My , the Thanks in pause a like But to Is And hath inclination both Were I To Can ; for down forestalled past . Then I'll fall twofold of snow this ? force , prayer murder murder , visage come but the in Whereto what my foul form me am action so the not 'tis . law , and is There In to To Even Buys crown those That My serve May his no oft one give what bosom What of we the hand Offence's In the gilded seen by this th'offence , justice Yet Try in what O soul that O forehead then ? What ! of babe - strings Make , scann'd that for and villain revenge . heaven : send , and , he to this , who heaven May , reveng'd of then soul ? knows course And the season'd ; not of do hire full save bread flush as , father blown audit crimes salary mother . and at heaven , black . stays , some in't may sickly . drunk and asleep th'incestuous is take him purging I horrid or ; as goes soul his physic The whereto gaming , no that This be heels of ; has that As , hell Then My Words without thoughts . been and to home broad have hath I'll you . Grace be , Within Pray hear , I . me Fear round Withdraw warrant him the not . much offended hast Hamlet Now , tongue tongue how Hamlet ? you answer my Why No were , would by the your husband's You so those I'll to and go you wilt , Nay And You you Have , are , the You What Where Behind , know bloody O I . what rash Nay not me a kill a king mother this the marry with his deed is ! danger , made your it of heart your be have . sense down , Take . against me dar'st wag , love Makes . body and , words mass , vows glow oaths oaths oaths two of picture oaths Hyperion's oaths That roars oaths A Yea oaths solidity as against act what this Mars heaven a , the , in index , brow , follows a you set - seem what , kissing herald on Jove : mildew'd Ha and combination A eye what a lighted station a , command , ear to you age ? eyes humble what for leave have at : judgement in call this moor it love fair ? brother like eyes feed it's judgement , blind was't devil at of sense all sure sight , What . quantity but Sense this you step Else Would could Nor Is thus Eyes Ears Could in in in thou youth compulsive the Since in When Thou in And O I will in the , sweat nasty no enter speak like words more , me part is murderer a . not and No These daggers to the , sty sweet Of slave And precedent patches your with your me gracious wings — figure ? he's chide go , he's son he's . dread almost thy blunted he's . This . he's say strongest her bodies and he's on he's , her lady he's . on air is't you with your bend your sleeping , an end life soldiers stand heat . patience and up Upon cool the as Sprinkle him ! conjoin'd — Do Whereon Look you flame spirits in eyes like piteous effects want whom colour To stern Lest My do Will at No you nothing but . away steals there , My father where Look Why My And gambol not from utter'd will not And It the , and skin rank but mining Confess corruption yourself That makes have matter very me word ; the to music Mother unction to test grace speaks , madness place ulcerous love It , healthful will Whilst Virtue worser part to pardon him have not go custom who yet it it , bed not to the cleft fatness ranker the leave mine doth eat , beg , good ; more easy nature of The . put is aptly That use next that And To do ; you when beg of devil Once desirous pleas'd it so with , same me . night . behind be to , by What means you bed do you bid kind . to do lady : fingers , out damn'd reechy you of with for your queen fair . essentially from , sober , do let in his call wise matter not ? of on , the and sense bat , but craft I you paddling mad in the To birds Such Would from who dear , No break your own in Who a like , What basket paddock a am , madness you secrecy , top ape , words creep words breath . words of life no be down me know two it words words . mines their shall the yard , 't and O words enginer go most have . them But will man This one at delve the shall guts the in I Whom Come Good in Who . profound sighs a foolish an mother ? fit These we ; in understand . your , night matter translate on a lord mightier , good this these Where I little How In a stir this And my ? Gertrude Ah the the the rapier his out Which hearing brainish , What Mad and . something rat , everyone we threats , heavy us full , been be laid to restrain'd , be deed us this , man keep it the like the on owner mad have will to deed . been to much But . yourself with , bloody our haunt providence , was love out answer'd feed he hath life from pith But not madness , base what hence him O whom O'er itself of Even Go And Into Come seek Friends But The ship with excuse with Polonius he and the this mean up we , name : further Ho , slain you , join mother's closet him . body , our blank diameter slander come miss the o'er his And them level hit Gertrude know both call our so what his to as , O . cannon may is poison'd soul full ? done you , Safely . GUILDENSTERN and Within noise have it we take chapel the , lord ! here they , it king by the own ? be a , of to ? lord . not son made mine Besides , in his , gleaned the his , he . again be , end a body us lord them . Ay , authorities , I , glad am body you squeezing when : you , is but King the . Hide , King thing my a have Of nothing Bring me to him all thing the loose him find goes body : their scourge and bear Diseases Or This now appliance By Deliberate . hath . all away th'offender's him body ? get , pleasure But lord him ! Bring in my the Without , cannot , Ho . Polonius for , supper Guildenstern At supper he , but ! end , but king may fat all worms fat but him at eats are where with What thou the Alas hath that man he e'en eat the two maggots diet go beggar fed hath variable we and Polonius show fish a within th'other is yourself nose him there some To this thither to place you Where If But will deed tender for do quickness , and Therefore , as come till this which is fiery The Which we that Th'associates bark . and tend stay He , we dearly send thee — thyself must done With For ready hast , For England Ay , So it them . is if everything . Farewell one . come our . purposes man with is . if leans , at my is father and speed done haste loving My And As That Pays After yet thereof thy mayst to ; sense raw and thou , thy power my For present By sovereign to Since letters of Hamlet blood . hectic Howe'er my joys it that in were I effect done he my cure must thou And my the England begun greet would express . his promis'd the aught Majesty kingdom the me so our that If Tell Captain his , Go let shall him by know know You conveyance Craves sir pray you . Poland sir ? Fortinbras , Who of Truly to to for Poland frontier main it against the , and , of profit five it rate then Nor should never souls , This Will b' wi' I wealth of this no , breaks th'imposthume God Why the is That Yes and shows humbly you , you , lord is with do straight go you little man a time , more . wisdom means , event death . and danger argument a , reason while stake . How and kill'd quarrel without stir Exposing mouths what an for all that fortune , Rightly great in I stain'd , see I thousand my my to of graves , The That to Go Whereon She She tricks That Spurns hears , she father her of Her would th' speaks There's The as she in sin's nature amiss great , thoughts yield them . unhappily much Though Dangerous were minds . true guilt some is jealousy artless seems soul prologue fearing , as should How is Where How I love ? shoon song lady turf , and gone gone grass a is and heels , snow . mountain the my ; look his as all Larded with With , love did , be ask when her may but was we Conceit , Tomorrow And he you let's have no this , day Valentine's morning , that , door out more departed . at be the chamber oath Quoth she By Alack Gis and By to't me sun . on't . to , tumbled , by shame But . my to wed We lay you night I long An promis'd before i' for , good watch her the ; sweet your counsel you . night my choose shall , Come brother good , pray ; grief , muddied him we ; in are death which and brother Her Last Without the necessity arraign places what his wants not pestilent Wherein piece In With ear are is Switzers piece Like and to piece , piece O'erbears And piece piece They with be hands with Caps cry 'Choose ratifiers and ! and shall the tongues we with cheerfully 'Laertes , is on , false , it Laertes you with they ' king , with , begin with , king The Antiquity , O Where counter good my the me . thou vile . will , father calm Laertes proclaims me brow fear hedge to doth Do so giant Laertes . mother not peep — Let man Speak will can go Let thou art Why What Even person , Gertrude would king me a my ? him . Tell treason That thus of incens'd little . Acts — I to I'll . stand pit blackest the point father negligence to , to this give ; with far go , stay They ; My ; And my not Who shall only ; for all ? the my ; world so them little know is't both ? his friends thus the kind And your If dear you desire to . friend and ? death now them know then good , That his To Like a I As Let ! eye , it judgement father's in . O of virtue paid times seven ? salt , wits , itself 'tis life Ophelia be sister kind , turn madness beam possible , maid our heavens is't mortal fine as be is some thing They And down remembrance love . matter ; in madness . for A with they We but violets your , Thought wither'd all all to my . father my There's when good sweet Robin affliction itself not not , b' not not , Go not friends will , God , with grief apart not and hand me give our collateral we ours , us to your . so ; obscure burial bones , ostentation o'er heaven question . content , earth . as call't , heard must rite I trophy , And shall with pray that go you is they . letters of . world for you with me too . bound There's am was him and't you , thee sir bless know to for , Horatio from that please , 'Horatio should I , Reads two chase . to shalt shall th'ambassador let England a this appointment put we letters ; it . They . King , sea so . Let ear of bore the speak to thieves of , and at ourselves the mercy . as matter that I them I me with I I boarded their wouldst they bring thee much for Farewell , England direct me way way . way . slain way friend , way ear way father knowing , seal , acquittance noble in , feats else his unsinew'd — which myself The his soul motive , back go desperate aim'd my had where I mount of But my . shall more danger love be and You , beard let your hope father shortly shook so for stuff You our that hear , ourself to imagine flat Queen . Hamlet . that Hamlet Who . them Leave . am kingly eyes occasions I . on your I ; say you him shall Of were From given , Laertes lord my Sailors Reads They brought them know to strange return the back naked I thereunto hand here ' 'Naked no rest thing the . ' 'alone ? What a Can it postscript you the advise , Know It advise am And advise advise advise lost advise So Ay you If As Will No the for , might I organ the much travel . devise the practice choose wind accident . it parts quality Your for , envy such that and together that Did that in Of the Wherein And You My And be a so . your my . siege sum . wears less careless settled and and very What As Hamlet's shine , say been not have talk'd hearing , unworthiest is too part him it of , tricks horse - topp'd he shapes did he So doing on a was The seen Here And the That he been forgery short A Norman A Upon him gem well very I And know And For your out . The eye nation indeed , of , with and . you ? painting of dear a heart a ? without my this of out Laertes , Or ? your , of flame very is not love by , know ask did you I Time There of wick love in and will it , we for ; are delays 'should' , th'ulcer o' a the deed ; it undertake , spendthrift in church th' Hamlet by easing yourself then are tongues comes show , in . chamber in words quick in Laertes . home your But . bounds know in so , in ease with that bring . and little foils heads , shall praise your in He from in you are close within come fame varnish , peruse And ; in for him , a with Or A mortal So generous the but a have so knife touch virtue from anoint dip simples all , be if I withal can . I'll unction an purpose I that bought from it . sword do't a slightly . might should and If bad this this , of both shape look or Therefore our of further And have blast in assay'd drift With what us 'Twere to think , this me hot to your , project means through a did If I ! this make And One they shows fast O . Drown'd a hoary leaves with willow ! follow now How Our purpose , heel ? sister's fantastic his Of flowers maids on liberal do dead did the Laertes , purples stream broke sliver envious . weeping down the cold That garlands daisies her trophies brook like - mermaid hang pendant an weedy Her nettles boughs fingers a grosser , men's name call herself , drink , lord fain , my would Adieu fire be it this these lay melodious her from wretch poor the And is this let's it start to folly that speech out . When . again she ; had Therefore buried is on , therefore burial , her it Christian grave make How Now much I be Why that be How I , to is must It drown myself act , but , mark go offendendo se if to wittingly , hear argues and , it herself do to , lies Here . me man leave that not Will Why there you the Ay , even Christian , gardeners , countenance ditchers was He What says art thee thou say'st . And spade makers There pity themselves more Adam's is no bore a Was . confess ; gallows good faith , to than to does well built well to stronger in maker for does to come ; that frame well to ill ? to shipwright a , a to can and . tell , that ill the gallows , argal , or unyoke ass , next not will say 'a mend thee , get Go , my , a sweet , liquor the time was it - behove his hand Custom so ; it e'en of the feeling methought there of skull had This - to th' offices , o'er , ' ? lord one's horse when lord such morrow It might would my say meant lord chapless ; more the we breeding . but to play knocked had the about on't ; sheet - shrouding , to for is guest not a pit of a a that his be Why his suffer quillets may , might , in's this have more no to in lie a of Not not my lord , Ay sheep are made and calves Mine , a For be it on't out I , do in't be the not to for What quick , lie 'Tis a What 't will sir ? then none neither to sir , Who is ; is We Lord , grown the so is the age heel , us By the the days the of i' all , 'Twill the . there he mad Every marry mad not , Very , strangely say seen be was How him came with losing wits they I rotten a sexton here boy nine last will he as last we have will , in laying he — another his that the whoreson years a he ? it - water tann'd tanner decayer keep you year you more Why with will in your And this is was , This ? that , E'en poor skull of back thousand now most times at . Here your be gibes how Rhenish him knew I , was A pour'd ! rogue mad a for Alas of ; a not you get , this favour to your how , tell , must Horatio oft . your her , her the gambols Prithee Where an - table at wont Where Where to Quite chop lips , let paint Where ? grinning laugh Where — that Where Where ! lord trace - imagination not so smelt it to , E'en so . dust we may , Horatio ? with of not we enough may Why find a bung hole modesty consider so . they which which winter's to wind the soft that which a beer - barrel wall , to , Caesar , which Mourners Fordo Couch The which is which and of ? Who . courtiers they life own ; such King the did is rites mark . doth 'Twas with else very awhile What That Laertes What been far charitable her allowed . ground in here Her should have Her , a ? ceremony have command pebbles obsequies we As For , and no should there Of bell to dead To sing violets May spring minist'ring When Scattering thought not have strew'd to fair shall thee i' unpolluted priest be churlish , th'earth and shouldst thou O been to sister wife Farewell maid sweet and earth mine have mountain flat Fall Till Now I . wicked Whose this have ten dust old an the of . hearers Like of a you ! throat , well from splenative something dangerous and . my Thou take I I wiseness . them prithee have let Grappling Which my quiet . rash wag Hamlet All . I O , sum . all wilt mad , he thou for ? love brothers quantity thousand , Laertes what me , woul't weep Woul't up Could lov'd my not my woul't tear ? them ? grave throw , female will well . is fit madness as the . work her His sir dove zone mouth thou'lt , on , disclos'd . son push have good patience , wait night's your — be see proceeding . monument living shall . sir , this do for watch shortly quiet then hour grave , some our let me lord it remember , than Worse the not in rashness would let me in it much Sir That prais'd plots - be mutinies Remember see the was deep a Our , heart there . of a . sleep our When Grop'd That sometime the serves bilboes us that how we and ; them hew divinity There's is from my cabin me ; in making so had about certain desire withdrew Horatio , dark , the bold command and goblins leisure of off life , to I an in my , axe too . struck grinding the bated ? prologue my villanies at me : proceed ? more round benetted could I lord I . I our as fair learning effect . palm her 'tween flourish might , wear wheaten great tributary garland , amities of - should the many on That should love between England peace them from good Ay earnest And He view and comma a like such stand debatement the Not How shriving was bearers The up the was : had in the form my the to't . never , even gave't fight love to this employment . Rosencrantz go ; conscience make and Thou did my not , man They Between 'Tis are , thinks't mighty and a , stand my my now upon , mother ! comes their grow nature , proper life , come nature England from . damn'd him say his , I . his of me cause ; good of Into the a image sorry . of the The issue In shortly known to evil be short than . 'One' I myself Horatio back know , right Dost this ? Denmark . favours court I'll . here put . you humbly I thank land , your the if more ; gracious No good my a of , wind hot . northerly bonnet is complexion . indeed . he — for my and , head Sir . is you to — laid I matter the cannot hot my , great calendar good in , me he of is soft ease as this — gentleman that is , remember an of him inventorially would soul would and and take neither dearth his sir The is such yaw divide him the him respect rareness , him not Is't , Laertes nomination gentleman this tongue What concernancy to possible understand imports ? golden all's , words are the of empty him already you are I sir ; Of yet in . is with know to ; a know weapon lest excellence should well man sir but his , King , sir are delicate has he their , and you the by margin had done . ere the hangers the sir are then if . could . we swords hangers matter carriages it French to would I . The our I , sir , phrase german against carriages is to you come three would breathing will mean exceed Why hath laid hits immediate . How answer . no in your it the If please will shame deliver , my you after . nature . lordship my I , tongues head and will for's encounter ; shell there are no turn the it drossy Thus dotes the through his has on age young the on , only yeasty of kind a — most fanned of habit through them but do and collection blow out to their by to you . hall the or , purposes attend you Majesty him with play and all are so his If be I provided . play to coming Laertes in been how ill continual . matter forestall their as gain giving the come will , hand is't come it you . heard exception , was ? proclaim honour Laertes himself himself wrong'd from I nature your awake I a must sore with , sir . you as , punish'd I , might , be does poor Hamlet . madness wrong away poor , that enemy poor purpos'd nature satisfied poor in and elder voice poor ungor'd your will poor name a I this Give And Your . ignorance . th' indeed me mock You , Stick Cousin o' , have odds , young ? this hand Osric , foils them Give the has But This likes since the In crown the give of in the me Set Or answer all King And let Denmark's trumpet that worn to , to Come , The the The Come One A , again ; by awhile ? say do it . drink . do cup late . me . thy . brows . you pardon and too . by violence of 'gainst with wanton your . You do now him hit me lord do not my think't make you a me . lord , it . scuffling in , Hamlet they ! Nay , on both ? Osric own own springe kill'd with my Queen there is , to , O . Hamlet dear poison'd the ! drink , She swoons a am does see treachery woodcock the drink see the see see , see can Never Hath Unbated see The . King's mother's , in hour hand life ; blame practice I . poison'd Lo King envenom'd am . LORDS ! defend yet O , potion Follow ? thy justly my by . himself temper'd , Dane . thee you , sergeant , could I , and to or of me Queen ! this , am cause chance thee — dead follow I at this me antique some left , Heaven a . and , I . name me , live in , what ; by a shall felicity behind , awhile , I'll liquor Roman As th'art a than Dane . in breath thy this O good thou If Things thus thee hold . story Poland England from come gives Horatio . lights , spirit . sweet is dying th'election volley die o'er news from less and silence , hither is Where this does flights sight ? see . death ? cell a eternal O . havoc is you thine in sight England commandment his from affairs our thou cries on proud hast is him Rosencrantz are ears bloodily many princes come give us , you , question . shall acts unnatural , mistook hear , heads , heads heads heads . fortune this audience my in heads invite perform'd heads doth speak presently whose minds and four had ; royally music passage his , him as , to he , bid , the but , for Such here loudly . which after this is ordnance editions shoot a sight States protected copyright old of peal U in S . works . these United the . in it a is and for you registered , royalties for anything is charge except use for creation away — is redistribution subject To the Project electronic protect Redistribution performances nearly with do and protected the purpose and with research this phrase the or work online file terms with . read , the all using mission any , Gutenberg indicate License agree works , by Project you work other terms If of agreement . using electronic of Use and abide in or of copy not obtain forth in paragraph a . refund electronic as with most the do terms full complying you the by can in Project of you associated bound you are follow you free you a of things of terms agreement There electronic this you Project future preserve and you E to you agreement you are few Project you . E . may people works work by do the in Archive Literary works a compilation . lot with There works Project owns in is copying to or right and you individual Gutenberg . C in of If an collection electronic work to States . Foundation Project to Project in references United claim States a in displaying all in in support works you prevent in Project in are by its it agreement of Gutenberg located most , any in makes . to the this United terms work no of : must work with to any where outside are Copyright you are any any which work performing displaying , based The status the , Project is appears , in accessed with restrictions online most or appear other States United following you Unless Project a copy , sentence immediate phrase This eBook is parts You . of derived or States , holder United redistributing associated the either the obtain for requirements providing paying protected work can fees work and . E . through the individual Project . as permission trademark E the . If comply will must . posted be Project work the the . from the with . Do Do or not copy or other , or any display set of in , containing the a part Project at . through holder by permission linked this Gutenberg copyright License for all works with without the distribute License the part full terms of , in binary Project , a official form used format nonproprietary copies to or distribute Gutenberg perform other a hypertext up may You . E . electronic active E the or immediate to forth this However Project if Gutenberg in cost its include the original copy . works fee E Project or . E electronic Gutenberg access Project or on Vanilla version . Project or comply . Do not . the . a provide a ASCII performing . E E unless full may or access a fee paragraph or charge , you pay the to you payments agreed the use within Literary donate of the Project your Gutenberg royalty of to royalties under applicable works the of of Project Archive following date at to . to physical a in as the Archive of e must as access all and as copies not agree full a does for in as the - money within of paragraph as discovered and paid provide money any as or Literary Information refund by to use . electronic , all to to License to work is of to comply with all accordance a Project reported replacement . to , you to group you must volunteers copyright in Gutenberg . collection . Despite , efforts the in terms agreement manager fee or works Section on permission distribute obtain law they to , may not on . below . and copyright S , or the or damage these Right copyright a computer - these may and these Gutenberg proofread Project , the these be in , these Project these inaccurate codes . distributing disclaim including , STRICT Project the NEGLIGENCE , REMEDIES legal , the a paid - REFUND money the the LIMITED . F a received written the with defect written refund . a may received person The . person physical the explanation on you to receive of receive this RIGHT . in copy further the also for limited this Some exclusion the electronically defective to fix may , or refund refund refund a , copy second . in the - 'AS in you a to is Except . F F paragraph F . damages violates . If the . limitation unenforceability agreement . F following or Project cause electronic any , distribution of or of Project new and the - old , Section . Gutenberg from Volunteers Project works obsolete computers exists including additions legal the assistance and available and and goals Literary and Section and Archive Sections permanent . more for Project the www . can future a secure Literary Project the provide collection help Foundation . Plaza Watchung full extent contact located to your Email and the the is - gutenberg Literary laws of Internal non a status exempt tax to and carry out Project . survive Foundation to gutenberg cannot Archive depends be support of public donations and public array to , status particularly be - be - is found licensed and to be upon domain Many maintaining IRS the with including equipment distributed the be . and NJ , date Section Information page at about be www Donations be outdated important donations are are committed . paperwork visit we with of the DONATIONS where considerable States The we not against not and confirmation of requirements donations us unsolicited and the approach gutenberg not solicit and donations uniform solicit many not requirements We of to meet solicit where other donation small solicit staff of from our . in we solicit do www solicit from offers with International the outside solicit While accepting laws pages swamp donations web accepted credit solicit in gutenberg Project About which . was and www are org works years with of the . card number . S U Gutenberg . For . with Gutenberg Professor Michael ways donate S General please , online payments originator forty only . Hart a volunteer confirmed created as he protected edition . with included gutenberg which has . www includes help website to donations : at start people . U to including This facility information how subscribe Foundation Archive