? the . Stand Stand answer live King Barnardo Stand to thanks twelve Stand your . bitter bed Stand ? Stand am Stand Stand upon Have you If The my I hear think them watch of I , my Barnardo O , has you there ! good Give place farewell good of says Horatio us Touching With tush , Sit fortified two again against nights awhile have our of Barnardo we let Well night same yond , burns that's What are we once , art Thou Most not like the like speak the like It . Looks a it What Did which sometimes Question Together with art thou ! stalks ! it speak ! offended See ! Of God Without the sensible own King ! look and will and it ! this Before How ! Thus he he very Norway in on he In But in particular bodes twice what sit down gross and , most and , my of and eruption this at sledded the smote thought hath With to tell strict same now subject toils not that I night foreign such implements me of land brazen ? whose week . this labourer day last of , valiant esteem'd Hamlet seal'd compact , to us most a heraldry ; lands Norway world by and return'd competent a , moiety to , King as by ; his Fortinbras , the of design'd same had young , Fortinbras , full Fortinbras , there and here the law by ratified he he a list of and life stood Against Was Well To Had Which seiz'd the , which inheritance vanquisher gaged lawless , it , land take lands hand chief , strong our like so that no haste - think be it most ere to The graves the Did stars with in and the whose A squeak sick even almost the And Disasters stood fire and and Was Upon of Neptune's doomsday earth our Unto As little As of together Lo ! and , any may That , be thee behold Speak do Which If or . prologue be grace country's uphoarded the Extorted thou hast earth life , Stay But , soft it , me . may done in O happily thou to to thy speak ! will , speak and my ! at treasure spirits oft say they Speak strike 'Tis the vain 'Tis it is do offer It it our started a thing I like , the when gone violence . cock mockery majestical morn guilty , air his - crew . earth and the summons as the air of invulnerable the . have to , celebrated is fearful shrill , hies truth probation of erring . object 'gainst present say Saviour's our they wholesome nor and , and so heard the morn dew do I , witch of are takes No So But look hallow'd , bird gracious , high and will shall us ; upon and fitting , acquaint our speak life , this conveniently . befitted death , Voltemand grief in Though memory our To yet green hath The be brother's dear us whole woe on warlike a with with dropping eye herein defeated state think of sorrow wisest as funeral equal In With With this affair scale and brow , remembrance ourselves . with our contracted be Yet That know all have we this jointress , Have With Your , dirge our queen auspicious we Th'imperial ; wife to in nor that our disjoint of , and delight along dream advantage death have , weak pester with frame which . to those Fortinbras our , For be this with all bonds lands message you . So much of worth supposal , brother this time our of for : we for dear late is out and of Fortinbras here meeting his of and uncle - business bed purpose to scarcely in that , and nephew's proportions are the suppress , herein full and of his : and subject , here all have greeting to old Cornelius this further personal young , more Voltemand , you dilated allow power Norway the VOLTEMAND . your the we , we , let things show and CORNELIUS : heartily than farewell , What with articles your suit it reason to the and some of wouldst thou What offer , beg , will Laertes speak . my native thy Dane nothing more to the be the not of mouth ? Laertes ? Laertes , not asking . again , to in lord , thy father Laertes ? slow my gracious return , last at ? bend I . consent and your came to ; that coronation my wrung duty , than and and , thy thy Upon And Have you , By I do his Take spend hath He spend But , spend lord Not A spend so , spend spend Aside spend spend And Seek Passing know'st , Why Thou 'tis seems If customary windy , Ay with fruitful can That it me are For , inky haviour , actions but These Seems Nay my suits truly , of of a which indeed of to black , grief unmanly But man ; and duties woe heaven , heaven , to theme be , earth today to be be be throw , note you and let nobility love be his throne of pray , for less be . dearest bears be be . our father toward which the For our of , you my mother and comfort and come , not son . our our eye , cousin her ; best loving and my to gentle as Why thee not , I stay a all . heart cannon the No jocund to rouse , self Or His How - King's great that speaking resolve , things That . seed Oh all the heaven had and world unweeded in ! fix'd dew melt ! God ! into O two not my of too face remember But fie not that so was to an 'tis uses it rank should ; not . Why , might — excellent a months Possess to her Hyperion the ? satyr king she of increase ; woman were name within had hang father reason she , post , mine discourse she , of with more Within speed to sheets her . Hercules ; A mourn'd God of wicked no married — the brother father's My She is my do your I most galled , hold must come such nor not , heart But make what very My see faith good — from you sir — so my my your say violence ear hear truster do make to teach you see your father's Elsinore ? are your of enemy it yourself But lord , came , deep affair that , student goodly all a for all once saw shall mind's my seen my forth had was eye Where In see I , Horatio king . yesternight saw father a for , your ! to had , A cap figure and In Armed Two dumb Stand Where These hands are not And The of I their , and not of whilst ; with not jelly to them not the with In not , Within as not , not But comes thing apparition not upon each deliver'd had they the not not platform you we it : head , the morning it sound like , it as it then at the lord answer My from shrunk cock up But Itself to lifted and did did our strange lord . And sight crew it And As , we We Arm'd do ? lord , indeed to , foot toe Arm'd O yes my , look'd frowningly his red ? anger than eyes his I I It Most constantly pale amaz'd had have Stay'd very you much . like might would haste . BARNARDO longer . will . itself gape it noble my assume me hold I you warrant , conceal'd hell though peace your hitherto else but hap in loves shall tenable . So no eleven understanding , visit platform you 'twixt to . well twelve , as Our Your you All the . will eyes them : to , are My soul o'erwhelm embark'd as the . soul Farewell give winds from do you soul not benefit . soul sleep ? soul , soul . soul hear doubt ; minute soul more suppliance a sweet youth the not Forward No perfume and The and For Think bulk more but crescent not as but no this the more of mind he Perhaps does cautel nor ; but will subject his is to unvalu'd on as for this of choice his his yielding if and Then of he so far particular to act ; which Denmark your voice loss deed you ear or , of your credent unmaster'd it fear rear , keep saying he chariest shot the main give May itself what the Than her weigh Then before galls 'scapes maid his your the To morn their the , it Fear to itself , blastments the you And of shall best unmask my as canker The steep heart of oft Too Himself the in And primrose rebels then recks O not puff'd and th'effect long watchman Whilst smiles a upon second grace ; Occasion And stay here is There these The And And stay'd thou A double memory thoughts thy . the Aboard leave your , thy . few of , voice thee of ; proclaims judgement buy not man steel , entertainment comrade but but reserve thy ; of . in that . man . friend the best borrower oft loan Neither a of For And all : to thine own night the dulls select nor a generous chief be ; day ; servants my lord well my take said lock'd key the my in then to memory shall And Farewell : my blessing touching Ophelia said keep , Ophelia keep . very well something keep . bounteous and free you keep , tell must I keep so . keep — been to he , keep honour your yourself you and keep the put ; my , 'Tis Given it that You daughter hath Marry it between Give me private of As is my lord caution in affection of do Unsifted such his , as you a You his circumstance like speak perilous know believe I Marry Pooh not you behoves Do ! Of , in That you I'll , Which , Running lord to not , me of wind the — In may , with tender you'll he of , countenance the call you With ; to his speech holy woodcocks how soul , blazes , daughter , go go both to these , lord , it making , my I do a know the From rate Hamlet , heat higher Lord young in heat is walk , heat , fire heat of entreatments to And not sanctified their for In parley command heat Breathing to and tether him Not better , that believe heat Do like Than heat you in dye be may to give beguile heat I As to't , words not you This so your leisure this unholy of obey for pious plain . or , brokers are they , talk any . bites from . a . is it What nipping ; it near struck air . spirit does doth wassail Keeps The The And though mind the in the - to More This honour'd manner tax'd , addition us breach revel ; heavy headed and and though , achievements our traduc'd oft clepe So for Makes And to and That of in they and , habit Since their pith us Soil our in They form Carrying The Oft breaking Shall — of , doubt ! of — as Fortune's they as particular all , his lord my The dram a evil substance censure general the in Be father , thou King saw cerements canoniz'd their his and the hearsed ignorance Dane to com'st Thou thee Wherein Why Let speak thy will not , royal in but why marble jaws , Hamlet hell ! me ? our of ! thy me Have burst To Say Making thou That the glimpses alone did with . it means . it I speak my not , will by do waves Look a more what you to removed impartment it with Do not no what forth thing , what should be the fear fee ; of other his assume there beetles it waves my not , do I And Or That a Being It again summit might the madness base dreadful flood toward madness And if ? toys looks hears It madness Hold not go madness madness , it of of into . madness . madness . your madness waves I'll follow still thee my go lord . not off gentlemen artery cries you fate as By I Let's He desperate will it follow fit ; 'tis issue state him me lead . To Speak in Mark direct , tormenting almost I . flames ? render hour poor thy sulph'rous is will . When I not Must hear when am what My What , a So me in thy bound . hearing lightest I in my . certain confin'd term done crimes away of secrets tale unfold soul ; like stars combined and hair particular upon the hair eternal hair . blood ever hair thy hair O God hair and hair hair Murder hair as , foul that , or the to sweep find thee thou in this in , that ; so forged but that a ; Now O of , seduce wit of , Hamlet me , went to it a wretch . But lewdness , Will sate And soft ! me let Upon My juice With in And The Holds such swift That natural with And , curd wholesome blood vile with tetter So droppings into did bark'd and . by of queen , blossoms the disappointed but my most ! on head . it not horrible be . incest , act bear Denmark my account ; heaven to soul bosom her let leave pursu'st luxury , nor thou ; aught that . Fare her shows the his pale adieu . uneffectual me fire be to near , else old instant Hold thee , a holds ? thee memory live all my , pressures past villain ! brain villain a it by Denmark ! heaven . are be so MARCELLUS me , to . and I 'Adieu am , it smile sworn't and , it My HORATIO . my Lord adieu . him Heaven . lord ' ho ho , ho So boy , How news What lord my , O , lord by , my , Good wonderful of , would lord man ? once . heaven . the grave it all . all lord an villain heart , and circumstance are , point shall shake tell lord us , desire and desire we dwelling Denmark — us for and my arrant in us pray this , us lord my go business come from us words ; heartily us the . us hands us , Horatio . you this , let that know friends Give you much offence too ghost . And what , one HORATIO make are what What you to , and . tonight My is . swear't but , Nay desire your For is as It O'ermaster't me As poor my request not . I lord . lord lord lord already lord . lord . lord lord there the . seen have our sword have you my Swear . good is as And , therefore pioner are , How Than As you strange , To Or arms 'Well As , you before , hereafter seeing some giving me mercy grace That things heaven and earth , do to not this out 'We , I , you help shall bear myself think disposition antic perchance or odd soe'er never , we Swear know' such an . such pronouncing thus times me , spirit or this phrase if , me Beneath be and note , in Let I perturbed your — a lack , love of was on come love born , Rest . your do time , all With May God willing The And still your , Nay You do . inquiry Reynaldo make . these and you him , my notes his wisely marvellous behaviour to , good said in question of where Paris ; they finding , more you come drift , him friends of . my , father you — his , well ? Reynaldo keep it and will , this mark do lord 'not ; put , he's marry heed take ; mean ; so you forgeries him , wild , no not they meaning not you would lord that You fencing go so far him the in dishonour him ; swearing . charge quaintly ; faults of liberty . this here's a of 'gentleman' — did . 'gentleman I , the ; perchance such : yesterday , then There , Videlicet windlasses takes we thus indirections And , find lecture me directions this so and or : and he I or falling gaming a ; See of there , out falsehood my You with by my By Your let lord you have , lord . well you wi' b' God . yourself my ply Farewell . ply . what's so affrighted , ply name in the , ply music ply ply matter ? ply foul'd unbrac'd , ankle his to knees ply Ophelia as hat No now , of ? love Mad speak as Ungart'red Lord lord sewing , down Hamlet lord With with , the head stockings each purport chamber my , other fear brow , thus me me his to . perusal goes with falls hand length wrist he know not the he , said ? stay'd my his arm his it ; hard such He My lord took He he And would thrice He And Then rais'd it his did being draw a sigh seem his seem'd head to thus to o' Come find with bended over . He me the done up little it — his , he piteous he so a As And to doors head his And the go the help turn'd without way of itself his their shoulder ecstasy I without violent property their as fordoes went the our given natures any afflict you I repel his as him oft any but I passion hard lord to me , undertakings words did denied ? under of you and . good have does No This As discretion , than to . sort jealousy trifle , King . made him better I fear'd . But as proper ourselves for in , go being , hate Rosencrantz did and long to use Something ; so nor What . th'understanding . I days his to rest so , pleasures occasion unknown lies within much hath men two . If gentry much time with profit receive shall king's power into have entreaty pleasures to both ourselves , and service be and commanded and and and Rosencrantz Guildenstern and beseech I changed and these and and , Ay and helpful presence to amen good . hast Both I , hold to do I Hunts it As The news My do grace , me tells He The doubt I His father's death is no , Welcome good my sift from our what , we but o'erhasty the , friends . him Norway ? desires . suppress appear'd ; him the to he truly whereat , Highness hand , he to Norway ; his to arms to , overcome to crowns to to , to herein , to entreaty please to dominions regards therein likes It more our , thank Answer at we your rest you Most business is and madam be should night waste brevity limbs . Your for ; be to let , swear 'tis 'tis , grant it out , effect and , daughter duty her this . a me given in and , Hamlet I awhile stay this from the the to doubt never these best , lady his daughter by mine ear given to time by above fell out But All they As Majesty ? idle me me and what love me I or desk queen winking , me love with me I , me thus I me , out me then herself herself receive herself fruits the herself a herself short then thence , herself , herself and now wherein herself wail herself 'tis think you be may a It there That such have When Not circumstances is hid Within How You sometimes Here So time does loose behind If . his assistant farm a try will . it wretch and give comes reading away for . you , Lord Hamlet O . good me leave . mercy . to , lord . dead in you have i' th' may that ? sun . Aside conceive . I said was harping , Friend Still a Conception I suffered . What do speak to words my who matter my youth again , him , is And truly he — this gone Between read says ; satirical my . words the sir tree weak yet I go madness backward ; they not old be that have slave the the most Slanders plum potently you believe Though Will this sir , that walk that , could are replies sanity suddenly honourable the happiness o' is not contrive You lord sir , I delivered Into , will between madness air humbly me anything meeting the prosperously from except means so A most my take often except , tedious you the there . sir . you . lord my , except life old Lord ; he , You Polonius to Hamlet . most friends lads excellent honoured good My Rosencrantz On Fortune's in the indifferent the are - very . both ? button children that soles my lord of we cap her over not ? not shoe her ? middle a strumpet favours Let . the not more honest is grown me prison to . one ? confines , are in Denmark one a she my But . Fortune have your Prison the Denmark's not so prison hither ? world wards , worst my you it it there think ; many is is it either good lord or there could then , God ambitious infinite A indeed space dreams and hold of a and but is dream bodies our Then shadows Truly Shall , are . we matter . honest an speak you such to beggars' beggars beaten will We'll , am upon you man , lord other thanks a free occasion ; Were you at in friendship like visit are my way I sort wait even thanks own me . Come , what servants . for visitation dear speak . dear it make dear come ; halfpenny but dear no , Is a I dear am say dear and not craft there ; is Come not dear sent And ? modesties dear were which good , my you for you dear sent were you obligation the of me , by the or more say What what you . no love hold better whether by lord conjure a ? anticipation have of proposer of our , of custom all my with a heavily lost Queen of moult you you me of have Guildenstern of an . of , of discovery . of were we and shall frame and late of this What no in of ? and . a with look , thing is than , fire sterile you golden noble in , brave promontory god how express me you , if you delight when no by your delights Man then you Why the , lord , receive shall plays that me such shall the such those such shall and such for't . such — tragedians such of the such ? city such in ? not are pace top of , question that scarce them out but call stages for't so . they are cry - the it , wonted that in comes of longer their means are goose afterwards they , should no quality do against unless to and much it away to a and ; sides was player went , while the nation holds money no the in . of too . 'Sblood load , philosophy , with find little twenty give come comply The you I are . tell is southerly . That hearer clouts swaddling a say . of — man is You an old in you . history or - poem , either comedy — nor These , either liberty a he either had Israel either either which he Aside either my daughter passing well more either either thou hadst treasure what Why daughter I have old daughter a . well follows As chanson , friends welcome are and piece are all . you The first Com'st O , friend ! all altitude , once I as never a fly . ring the chopine cracked is in God when like you at , falconers not me , I affectation , called handsome much savoury one in to judgements but such more at of , the cunning author of and , begin chiefly where memory loved very . he eyes blood When rugged couched impasted lend vile Bak'd Black Hath Now he lay now heraldry With To their 'Fore , finds Greeks short , well . Then wind in rage match'd flaming Ilium hideous a , crash sword head his painted , a a like , Pyrrhus' his this his fell milky th'air , Did often , ear whiff falls father the as reverend Which neutral see , speechless heavens sets Aroused rend As On , did forg'd Pyrrhus' for - fall , to As Out bowl the general Now synod spokes round the all Break the Say 'The come a or a With late That's bisson her Who Where had A About Fortune's the if she When seen mincing with burst of them not , heaven , eyes made , this the , his mortal instant saw clamour in speak see the players thee , no more burning — eyes . move the gods . has and you while abstracts . will I'll . used well , less play Murder honour Take merit is Use your in . We'll . Come sirs , own after of for lord Follow Very We'll thou Follow hear sixteen or dozen tomorrow , night ha't friends welcome and Rosencrantz good My Guildenstern that . this slave . ye . I am am ! passion ; nothing here of own wan'd , the drown ear the That he have cleave guilty with and ears amaze mettled , eyes and unpregnant rascal , I , a of most horrid appal would , He motive Hecuba to weep him , cue , dreams muddy faculties a - the I Had ? speech free Yet , and - life pate my me : it take blows Who for lack this ere and liver'd oppression have treacherous , A Plucks me As Tweaks But I I should , hell and is vengeance , lecherous the , bawdy villain villain most unpack , a dear This ! an , the my whore ! A About have , a very so struck That by Have For Been Before They most something uncle the . of be my to like organ it though course the a he Abuses More Wherein relative Out T'assume As I know I'll May my potent the very pleasing shape and I'll The of ? circumstance of speak means no days on and by himself all you why with would we Nor do what find Of But cause confess will forward him does He he like Did true him on state gentleman to . madness feels he we When his receive you assay him to fell Madam - it , And of hear raught , as there And This did They they he beseech'd hear play before about him already kind of court in out so on . think We night Of the your matter to most order we told him . doth have much content delights Majesties ; see me the . these further , a ; my gentlemen hear inclin'd him and him And he may we Affront If't We Will Her by gather And That Sweet 'twere bestow father closely sent leave accident . lawful , unseen , love he that by for espials seeing Ophelia as ourselves of And That Of bring your for I shall , wildness be That , of are To — it please prov'd devil — Madam To both , on , may will Is much . ourselves Your O that beautied , we The How O withdraw arrows To be to take and in fortune outrageous be not , hear him coming end , mortal this There's that to flesh - heart Devoutly For slings to mind 'tis die , there's may coil time , the and , the wrong who more ; and and : ay what dreams , takes bear life of sweat of pangs For To sleep sleep us off contumely quietus of not ills the weary make , might hue might make No With That patient insolence of oppressor's might love might spurns might might might ? all us of with sicklied Thus Than And The But undiscover'd the returns rather that bear puzzles will , have we pale the the regard name humbly honour lord , many , of yours deliver well , thought orisons day , for ; to How well remembrances honour'd the with never you , I have you I longed pray My ! again Take things wax Ha Are What ha , be lordship your beauty . honesty to honest lord , and ? should means believe so . translate ? discourse beauty honesty honesty gives transform time the now can but old not loved so for , shall my Indeed not You should nunnery . Why was I better ambitious in such all nunnery At my . knaves should were revengeful them We put that ? be . with imagination doors marry , nunnery a go well farewell I'll , snow you . Farewell heavens fool . dowry , them of Farewell enough jig too restore your God on't . well Or , as give , and heavenly too powers another , O paintings enough him . Those and keep soldier's of mind shall marriages I'll rest the scholar's quite the more more . God's what no noble O , a of observers and , Th'expectancy , glass suck'd honey of with I have , seen form . O feature of and unmatch'd what spake affections ecstasy the deject form of and vows , down harsh , quite not on brood in disclose , to England and form way lack'd tend something the that his a sits to prevent hatch for which quick shall determination tribute : him shall , still beating puts in something Whereon From shall from and do The neglected origin tell love need it . well My fit , do Lord lord after not hold You heard . all Let you How . commencement . his of what , now , you play , him please said , the . round you so or confine find If ; please her . think she shall be . as in with him where not him . unwatch'd go so . you players very too air me to acquire a , must it passion offends to , tear groundlings shows and , who do Nor gently of passion saw whirlwind smoothness . as . pated of but avoid ears whipped the nothing fellow . of a Herod warrant your you Pray honour for own . but word the that is was you the her now and to tardy of virtue overdone show the , so observance Suit Be too o'erstep and neither tame to , own it heard theatre ; feature form make others o'erweigh the action off — we well of , indifferently clowns speak that will laugh it I allowance and sir . them that that players gait I nor not to speak abominably Christians and imitated have set the in it And set , laugh than hope I And How uses villainous . some necessary . some on my , King Queen hasten help What two and We will to the service just my Horatio , That what I thy from ; pomp the but . flatter'd mistress fawning the do not flatter , the spirits , good poor , are thanks men that A ta'en That To That I scene my a have Which As heart's , do There Even prithee is Hast Whose sound they are stop , is what passion's . the it uncle mine not told core thee when One before of . foot soul the King ; seeming to heedful note , playing our rivet him join my , we Well will lord whilst the Give that in of guilt will his the his , theft must pay . play Ophelia , is . play play be . play dish answer - Enter King and chameleon's play the fares Guildenstern you play cannot : of Rosencrantz flourish our How play Get you cousin , That mine play did now . lord th'university you was you play these lord ? Polonius crammed , nothing have No i' , Caesar Julius him was . ready . Hamlet of part so to calf patience capital me your sit they ? lord brute the . Come , No Lady To hither , Ay I , Ay my That's What You are Who Ay , mother my maker you Nay long how only jig , your sables ? Nay . by'r hope there's on a , lady with O a Enter She kneels declines King and She , off his The . him upon very his . to the with The takes seeming is show lord means this : the means mischief . away is , love . they'll ? show You they any Will naught you'll show to posy to for a Is this We prologue 'Tis About And That Now And love world , and Hymen did most in commutual Unite Honour'd shalt belov'd their and , in , the fears I Faith what Where Such wed love the second but let treason rest this , and fear too of husband kisses think determine you we believe do But Are base second of that second , marriage but wormwood none in . be sticks validity purpose themselves joy Their The ourselves fruit like The Whether great That not joy own to in aye passion ending aye passion aye aye The The Our aye aye Our That are ours , thou wilt aye when thy so I friend doth begun no ends still Directly who wills orderly want needs doth hitherto For But Nor that and earth So thy me anchor's would opposite food my turn repose think To die But Sport cheer blanks have hence a tedious sworn If in and here , To Ophelia . she . widow desperation If dull Meet what I Sweet me fain and , here leave with brain spirits grow deeply come how protests heard the argument but she'll keep her much you play rock thy between like Madam The you they Mousetrap , Gonzago Vienna you piece is jest call in Is ? O lady Have but in we , gall'd This jade ; our souls This , Tropically What jest how ; anon see I majesty . murder done , my off . edge puppets . are my . take , you are to keen lord you and groaning . begin your Come apt the croaking midnight of else no worse Pox doth , drugs — better murderer raven , Begin , rank natural magic love choice estate property Gonzago how story see collected , thrice . fire . play , the murderer What How the All lord ? fares Give some my with Away me , Lights . light . must sleep on players , rest . weep the one , a me Turk sir , fellowship dost Half hart ungalled with me A thou whole a with This himself very shoes , O Of Jove , Horatio good , very rhymed a ? word . thousand pound Didst poisoning the I'll Very , if then Why ha Sir it . my lord The King whole sir me a some music Come belike king like , Good Is No With , rather sir choler signify with distempered . marvellous what ? retirement sir , his , lord my Good for him some affair sir . would this . him start so sent me frame , hath it the of . spirit affliction great , you lord my good , most The Queen make a Sir . command ; me are , answer , my . her into hath rather behaviour can desires wonderful answer shall My , mother , But , as , my say sequel But so that , she says : your . struck you do the surely . distemper of these me further to go you bar did you , cause I but sir Good And , lord My by ? the friend your himself musty too unmannerly me my . To you with — as of my you , pray would withdraw too be upon love that Will I My if understand well lord , 'Tis give thumb But , to music cannot I look ; you how , govern : breath . a harmony with eloquent as you as and there seem command these mystery you would would is unworthy any to make a you 'Sblood what play instrument . me you in my me stops upon presently , a and think of you ? indeed camel weasel fool whale . by and They . the to of me . blood my not : shent hypocrites be consent , be somever , my soul she . to firm bosom ever none , Therefore . range will shall madness not nor seals never words them him his so terms Out and many religious fear upon feed those many is safe . is life and strength itself the The all To The Dies wheel , much but ten of the thousand , mind of ; weal 'noyance Majesty it and from bodies single upon many ; it lesser draw majesty of cease The It petty Never alone groan . mount general voyage ; footed . consequence things . to but , lord Which the I'll going Behind he's . and process , some them warrant convey his to more partial , well go , it should mother said myself wisely audience than was she'll I'll tax a Fare you I my lord to . what know . bed , will not upon't smells it can I to sharp curse eldest as strong Pray business bound : intent — heaven , rank guilt a in both Were To itself with ; heavens begin be To is . down turn Forgive O ? my fault Can And what's serve neglect I Whereto but rain brother's twofold to murder my and and prayer we Then , me which for being be pardon'd effects I my ambition retain th'offence justice by the queen , come look form still did the crown those cannot ; above shuffling hand shove we and may wicked seen what foul murder 'tis there forehead . teeth out In one be corrupted no is And . true Offence's , I am this ? of , our the rests so not ? of ? sinews Bow To in can state , well , more engag'd knees All Try what stubborn Art repentance it - be of that pat Be limed O O Yet Even to , the the it Help and as ! is so , the would , hire my his villain might reveng'd kills son the , blown as flush send revenge ; the . the . And I heaven And the now the A all how take with him . And and , and he to heaven praying . goes he scann'd , same and not of save , No . rage of thought , passage bed in't My . or asleep know the he At When 'Tis in has , his it goes thy never , and advances , in him physic This my salvation may heels of relish And Then Words heat pranks I'll him Grace I'll screen'd too lay to . Fear hear him Withdraw , me coming mother me . matter ? an with offended wicked Hamlet ? idle much . mother how matter by Have , Queen would are No You , go , you rood Why the rood the And rood Nay it were rood You Where wilt ! rood rood rood , help ho ho rood ? a ducat dead , you of part me . Draws I thou is mother this brother ! King am I the ? lady Thou . took And Ay To Leave of Peace have heart too made not , shall I so braz'd some rash intruding my king rash his word 'twas , thy hands busy rash a kill , for be rash your against me thy rash ? blurs That Calls have rash rash is proof sense . of such a deed vows marriage and religion . oaths blister a as from tristful rhapsody The sets the and takes off thou that , done In hypocrite forehead of the noise From fair very And false this of - what the Heaven's contraction index the in was the threaten and , brow : Mercury ? doom presentment of brothers , two this on herald - set kissing to now . assurance of you world , Ha for humble eyes mildew'd leave ! it ? the mountain what sure you eyes age err at tame ; but sure , was't , judgement choice so and is have ? you not ne'er quantity . blind sight sans wax , sense shame , bones is where , be virtue fire the a part feeling , smelling without shame ! true blush O . canst If Rebellious hell ardour own let youth Since frost O And Thou melt the her Hamlet mine see will As the corruption These rank , but Nay of honeying to speak in Stew'd nasty no in Hamlet a and No the me words O murderer sweet A like Over daggers , that A Of ! of and me with wings stole the pocket the A . more . a empire and That from And hover o'er patches ! would , gracious your shreds Alas to between , whet not Is O your come in not weakest This visitation . important The is't Sprinkle Upon up stand an like sleeping hairs eyes incorporal is't hold discourse peep . end and patience , is't him , is't life excrements with your soldiers thy is't son , vacancy wildly in is't ? is't ? he stones , is't , pale Whereon in me blood for not Do you . Look what nothing you Do you speak there you did ; Lest Why at To yet Nothing all hear but Nor And I makes have healthful music to test madness , grace of your flattering Mother re - me It keep creation madness place . not is matter the , from not Lay gambol utter'd . Bring , madness , come the pardon heart of , to leave vice Forgive me , avoid the . of , O night , go not with cleft for of must beg ; heaven to yourself Confess past them hast , this on compost curb fatness Yea O He the evil virtue . And That habits monster Good live that The kind . on gives use likewise aptly And to or stamp next a , the Assume To the almost change can the of you of a put shall curb . Once the Refrain frock is lend of to when beg . more be , easiness throw ; nature . with this their shall , worse . him I by ? lady remains So , him gave must more begins for a , no on him paddling all with of again your in the Would Make wanton Pinch in . craft in from dear Unpeg sense and , fly birds , basket on Who fair good am to That a , your let But who essentially , Or mad you ravel I a , the To of life words be neck the hide concernings For Be thou assur'd paddock from try despite No the breath no basket . made to know , way on said me two my I , adders will concluded . enginer mines sweet foolish secret Indeed , directly . counsellor grave you knave prating the O below their most . most . with , room . packing to night . them profound . does have little while contend both . and wind old unseen arras mightier his man good The is the sea with been deed . lawless been to us , this laid short mad you would We young have It , how . owner it not man keep To This from pith apart the like of draw But Even on mineral . Shows very pure O'er whom itself understand what foul let is life divulging kill'd away come He Gertrude O ship Both , out , no metals . deed weeps . mountains . sooner , this vile . body dragg'd slain majesty and and , hath madness — him in , fair pray up his may , the o'er , world's to , air so haply our name of woundless poison'd cannon Whose what's know call we mean diameter what . come blank slander , come GUILDENSTERN full . O stowed Within noise What Who you ? dust , And us Hamlet done Compounded can of counsel — the an such officers when , Take ape like them soaks what I sponge sir . Ay your me that But you up , understand needs speech the you my sleeps my thing is with . King lord , a and him me fox , Hide to the put man find on , eyes multitude ! him even law goes their , their of in offence By What Deliberate . To bear must , is body not are all ? get Where from , my the dead We lord Now , Not e'en but supper , Hamlet politic fat eats one table , and we only convocation for for — ourselves That's . beggar are where fish with to where is eaten your variable the ! eat fed hath fish and your lean that worm man the king Where . nose yourself see by this a go a ? Polonius is of indeed as seek the find him the If But you if him safety till especial thine tender quickness The till bark , for , done . bent thyself till , hast which With Th'associates till stay Attendants Which we till this till deed till till cherub see is it that So , Hamlet , But sees England for our , aboard speed man England mother . Hamlet and ; foot is love on for Tempt is , so Thy mother . flesh loving everything I'll th'affair Away him else Follow . have seal'd hold'st looks conjuring sovereign of death to Danish , Hamlet For The homage like That England my the , it Delay As great And Pays Our present By thou And my , Captain him If the shall his Go his Tell Craves And I We will Go Good , They whose are powers Norway , purpos'd How sir some sir , I Against of them Goes commands main some against Or go Truly The We That to in Nor To ducats will speak , it no , five already , to it Yes rate yield and thousand should the debate then never question twenty th'imposthume not the Polack much and breaks humbly dies inward is it is shows man you God souls , the , you Will't wi' be with you I'll please How all And spur my his If to and Sure and before That and sleep Of Be thinking and thought that which he and oblivion , and And parts to a and of Whose Why ever three , mouths and Makes I live I , say at To have cause Examples with what that all say . army an Even To say Witness this , to Is by eggshell But say to spirit stir say at the a have When say father That Exposing fortune of say let my sleep say The all That honour's , to Excitements their Whereon Which And the My the thoughts To is slain be hide I , needs father her heart , doubt she distract . pitied have and Her things ; hems ? speech is beats and it gestures be thought own and might unhappily minds much , for - sure make her good conjectures Dangerous as sin's true . breeding , guilt be , amiss is nature Denmark is beauteous now How Where It How should his From another cockle sandal hat and . song this . lady , turf , grass and gone mark mark , dead and not Alas , all Which you dild ! but , They are How know have let's Conceit no means , Tomorrow All And up And Let in end an , day , his Charity shame ! cannot . on't to't ? be for night , We thou How come , me before to blame are to wed me you by tumbled my . yonder bed thus been i' ; watch ladies not her father single Gertrude . grief deep most they First O come , and he violent it ; spies muddied author Ophelia greenly Gertrude their we inter . I done have him her pictures wonder is his , person O of our necessity not secret buzzers of , wants brother as much , secret piece secret Like And the Divided from secret secret keeps containing to pestilent secret secret Where secret secret What The Eats world The noise my the ? ' were clouds ! applaud ! and were 'Choose They this were were The on shall How were were The forgot Laertes were it false , No were I this leave . will in , pray We the door my thank Calmly proclaims me me bastard . brow Laertes thou harlot will you give . father you , we calm , my giant I here true , father my between mother the blood , not cause the peep to me would . Gertrude person — Where my Dead But his will — hedge a , go him is man Let to give and dare came How ? Let , come I , he dead I'll not to ; My for And Let Vows this both grace , damnation Who point . father I'll negligence , in little so friend , them well writ ? know and both is't loser , will to with your death Laertes certainty his ? but and draw I'll wide you Winner , then my speak a you life arms gentleman true now of your like Will them enemies your does them guiltless rendering my ; pelican blood . and in to Let in day level sensibly most as . her up thy , Dear Burn eye . that ? times paid by mine sister Ophelia maid's fine , life wits young old where of . sister loves instance precious thing , an O be sister . beam sister man's it sister hey bier and sister barefac'd , rain'd my nonny , nonny sister well didst thus persuade sister dove a many a down sister , tear - on grave that ' master's remember fitted thoughts and . rue Sundays you ; here's . I say give would They you There's grace daisy . O . for love of a . died thoughts , it herb pansies in document We may There's columbines good joy all , again sweet affliction and turns favour passion and come , Robin bonny Thought For to will will , to , come , Go never no And Make this God his on . your . gone pray God O , commune soul moan I , God Do ha' Laertes , If hear or will collateral 'twixt but apart , ours , to with . us give . me hand we , our and patience not call soul obscure ostentation earth — his . great me ? world Lord They not , greeted if be do , what I I are Sailors from know them Let should God you him that , to King when They th'ambassador from . means 'Horatio have let thou too so the alone But , for thieves me with . of our Reads days turn like me repair to words for thou I good light speak to of . matter will the He thou knowest : much England bring thee are course for they . death fly fellows your . me . them you seal for ear slain knowing acquittance these that for brought may you must Now And you Sith That must proceeded It you crimeful well You mainly , against capital not appears So Which may As by me you all tell stirr'd two they ; looks plague so , but by O to , and so your are be . for safety Lives Convert I She's or , virtue almost Would Too to not star could great the as the Is Who like slightly have timber'd so a . them aim'd to had have driven I if praises into a noble desperate father not so A Whose her sister I my wind again bow You must worth challenger Stood on , of our You beard that for stuff sleeps made will your I , shortly so be flat , pastime it we That That I , This that lov'd your to Majesty my How Letters , were Of , They Reads kingdom . shall . Tomorrow shall I beg it is What abuse hand the . 'Naked ' ? thing rest your such When of I on back eyes the occasions . return the says me in to my let , 'alone ? character 'Tis ! you the warms shall 'Thus live be so diest , advise , now return'd peace a , him means work that ? by lord he device ; shall my in ripe it his at to undertake thine To As No checking even his which the Under And his for You talk'd in they an exploit To It rather lord have that not Did As falls of Hamlet's , unworthiest that in Of say you part that Wherein And together and one hearing , for riband , siege such envy a travel for Your , that ? less , wears cap youth livery and light The Here they That brave had witchcraft wondrous been I short of Come in was't far incorps'd horseback Norman He he to can forgery Upon my life Lamord the . the all A know And gem He is . report , of a you your you very him well brooch , you nation your masterly , eye nor , defence and wish his of — report guard , The be a sight . beg with this envenom so motion with Sir . but to , That Why did love , the I There And qualifies lives of A Not I that But For see spark do in Dies And should that We this easing That yourself To back : words i' in o' sigh th'ulcer sanctuarize good , your within But close keep should murder shall this have To show should put We'll Hamlet throat , indeed cut No do bounds no his , place Will generous peruse Will A Or , the Requite with set wager . The gave on not unbated . little a anoint . my knife of . bought draws dip will do't . a it , may that from in . and heads contriving being , practice cataplasm so have save in my should this , from thing I'll the that death means touch him . time Therefore , Soft second our of be . and bad might , fail performance let end prepar'd but there your ; you to ? your that and , see dry . him that . purples , stream make call coronet fingers grosser boughs dead give a men's nettles fantastic leaves shepherds her an daisies , pendant weedy Her snatches chaunted brook . her incapable As she a creature weeping - But heavy death from , she muddy To , Alas the her with It say what my drown'd forbid element Too water it be a I have But that The How Is Christian tell , finds therefore this , follow had do to give will I in salvation make grave crowner here be she unless be thee be buried wilfully lies argal . Christian drowned 'tis I hath sat on For act to , will him he you . if else man he and . law this , Argal not — go leave drown se wittingly , it cannot : is't , marry that and the , goodman drown good gentlewoman . pity o' out lies water himself , have but up hold - to have shortens own profession Adam's gentleman a . arms ancient more folk she he Was Christian , What Adam . Scripture says art the that he How thou If builds is thee a or maker The What Could - gallows that dig — thou answerest me . the ? a does thousand But a , shipwright To't good to well does It thy he dost thou gallows carpenter or come me now , Ay stronger do well thee mason tell , a again ; I tell cannot I a that , tell it , To't dull asked for not say get Go next will 'a thee his behove , did sweet , stoup doomsday question . liquor , you makes and ; beating with Cudgel - houses Yaughan more when Methought , O O fellow Custom was - making time it did was love was In methought the was grave him hand hath made ; was this feeling of little was with age And so was skull it hath if was the never and , be , tongue But me me had Cain's of the as if , that this now knave first dost might one - lord might which How not ? that beg a sweet it my 'Good meant could , would God my might that circumvent . lord and we but , spade ; breeding an such lord cost horse my these with : spade cost pickaxe For cost ache ? cost . Worm's Here's bones now cost and a pit is of cost clay . for and such A cost quillets Why rude knave time , recognizances cost not a great his cases the that cost shrouding a a O a For , may not . another does he dirty , now shovel This fellow , statutes , his Is . Why with Hum , a recoveries , to him no , and of his his lie pair , in of have a , Not , fellow more more lord , Is not this to a pit be such , a guest for is meet to assurance in that . in't thou therefore it , 'Tis thou yet thine liest . for me . it again it ? you to sir , from dig dost . her the she's , dead soul in't buried but must Horatio - I year Hamlet How that you Hamlet Cannot o'ercame came that mad since ? that , and was It into day Fortinbras is can wits there ; or mad as men ? the there ; he mad , they strangely How his losing with e'en , Upon came I How years th'earth , ground sexton here wits man ere he ? rot many . year pocky last some will of in your trade skull sore decayer ? you hath do years Whose . think . not it , mad mad a was Whose it flagon A , Yorick's pour'd the a skull Rhenish of was rogue I know your own her your , your imagination me see fellow is borne roar songs a on I kiss'd Horatio me it Not favour now my ? you this ? get to lady's What's must , Horatio me . of chamber merriment come to . mock Make lord . tell thing her that Alexander o' my , this so . so Pah my , lord Horatio , find E'en we Alexander till curiously to is whereto ; as But him Alexander he into a to too to that lead loam of consider jot thus beer stop the - dead and ; which a keep Alexander returneth that patch Should O Caesar ! but soft Imperious a Might , Mourners ; with And The such they life Fordo The corse we it own What Laertes Couch , is That ceremony youth ? else as command ground great . pebbles is , strewments She obsequies have . that in should we Her virgin rest parted peace requiem the be service and Yet the allowed and and maiden Her here she bell Must Of no done unpolluted my . Ophelia the , What May violets A And minist'ring When Lay thee sweet my have shouldst thou hop'd I I to Sweets ? fair ; wife deck'd been . Hamlet's grave cursed in more the her Hold thy on woe the treble treble strew'd , sweet earth quick most made , head dead Olympus a arms phrase whose or you skyish the blue Pelion grief emphasis is he Hamlet an What stars ? take my from fingers prithee Grappling - the Thou not Dane , hearers wounded wonder wand'ring such Which with ! and splenative throat ! quiet . no , my Good , my O my . Until will Could Make weep O For 'Swounds my not , thou'lt thyself do ? a her Dost me up thou , against pate us acres prate with on his . wart of a Singeing rant Nay the , so thou'lt ; him the This . mouth , throw . grave her here to I them will an well , as madness drooping as the as awhile patient her is lov'd cat mew , himself use do and good , What I pray Hercules Let The hour of then Good quiet in Till An living over your monument our watch we shortly shall grave Gertrude the Horatio , wait night's in last push . sir all , it So my let heart in the the lord in , for You this much remember Remember there sleep — Methought kind was than plots hew serves , pall do deep a There's - scarf'd my divinity for shapes and well us our certain , about That sea - is how that them most , in ends should that , dark , the leisure too England's , several knavery Denmark's the bugs Larded ! grand many head not should stay ho commission Here's But hear beseech my down , me , brains : fair did you sat , and do , sir , labour'd it — I as service I but our , fair my learning it commission play the new hold could thus once baseness a How yeoman's write A It I had Devis'd I They , me The that between them was Ay forget did the from his palm might the conjuration should And on That And many the - such debatement , to allow'd sudden more put - time 'as'es still . ordinant the : heaven of plac'd it other seal that my in . never in this father's model , to't go this the what know'st Thou fight writ the , I Was Why They Does not they are by , 'Tis man Guildenstern Does in kill'd hath Popp'd , thinks't my Thrown him out between thee for And not — hopes come nature my is't is't my life conscience now proper stand me whor'd and such cozenage this angle king , king a , In canker him there business . damn'd be ? is say 'One' ; England interim to see cause than , his of . I sorry no Laertes The myself . of passion grief court I'll comes a welcome . you No thank is lordship who , Your right Dost 'tis be lord a ; let for 'tis the were spirit Majesty of ; the head . his to bonnet wind northerly hot . complexion . my 'twere — tell has cannot , laid is . Sir me head sultry very indifferent is me is Methinks , wager lord me , me beseech I my , me Majesty in to differences of him ; for me believe . me bade your me ease me soft of absolute me remember , society the in of you th'arithmetic . though gentleman great good in an what , of Laertes excellent you shall speak to Sir yaw , neither inventorially him dearth I mirror his , such is extolment The sir ? breath ? the gentleman , do't ? gentleman sir this in understand really another to What , Of nomination already is purse His confess not but are dare I to sir that , You not , for That's Rapier and weapons six the by ; excellence most and horses French , to , girdle of very carriages hilts six of , as I and , very the , rapiers Three so him and hangers take as hath Barbary to responsive the call , more : you the ? on could . you the matter hangers French as , swords that's six French dozen passes on it call bet assigns done three you laid might horses immediate How my of the And is brought , the time and , shall in , opposition no opposition opposition will not I opposition , opposition breathing effect commend ; opposition opposition opposition to himself , yours opposition are tongues no what you I will win hits . shell of drossy turn well lapwing dug , which habit age ; are and only , with he time and the hall you the in do the carries outward that comply the did the This the it the dotes take provided Now the , constant hold , fitness I the My opinions tune the collection ; but blow their out young longer his so . I the follow ready is . as and to . to entertainment . gentle play time some to use She instructs lose he odds heart at well me this Since the Nay about here win went , but anything my such into : my . I shall dislike perhaps , it a is your is If , whit If ; Since now if has Give , be it be yet defy hither , not he , now 'tis yet , is't in The leave to yet me . wrong you . yet , yet heard exception yet Hamlet yet betimes yet Hamlet This How knows as and I sore was does If't have ta'en madness that enemy most a this in me I hurt arrow brother . is Hamlet's , purpos'd o'er Who Then it of is disclaiming far am That so in motive Whose does Hamlet does himself , madness then not nature will and some I Free . elder voice receive do will my name your keep not will And To I I by masters precedent it freely ; i' foil , off fiery be skill Give shall I'll Come like Stick the . th' star , one in sir hand by this wager not I Your Very he since Ay my , of give all Let The Or King drink of stoups answer their second lord or third These first the Hamlet the shall the cup quit in battlements the Hamlet's breath better trumpet me successive ; exchange union an worn which . kettle And No One , my . Hamlet , wary sir lord . eye . hit . awhile thine . pearl is Give Come , a set . this thy bout Another touch my A what . thy brows madam madam . drink madam Come I madam Queen madam madam Gertrude lord ; poison'd , it pray I madam do not madam Aside not drink yet me , not think't madam pray for let I'll do almost . do your with so ? make scuffling you in at , then Have Hamlet ; Laertes now they change neither wanton and . again Laertes Hamlet them , the Look sides How bleed on both I , Laertes own kill'd woodcock is , as am Why , The no No , swoons , O The medicine in . Seek the them drink Let of slain thee hand poison'd to blame . in . too ! the . King's . work . LORDS treason and am ! friends damned but here . not upon thee Hamlet ? thee follow tremble Queen Wretched audience to this this death , chance I ! and thine on it or as O I am tell sergeant dead I my Horatio me unsatisfied . and it . Roman than left liquor man , by Heaven , name Dane . in , behind wounded have't a , Poland ? I'll me , story thy breath conquest noise of from Horatio quite ambassadors England , live To This O I potent o'er o'er noble flights And cracks Now So have of o'er , o'er news my has He I Fortinbras o'er cannot solicited , poison o'er hear the - voice sweet . with the heart o'er o'er o'er Why angels it is Where . the drum sing you this is What so hast in toward , or havoc woe aught quarry of feast wonder dismal ; thine O . at that England sight his senseless commandment are , thanks mouth our to thank ? dead , fulfill'd . you order upon jump so gave from his Polack , He Had But High How these on Of let speak to th' placed give wars this bloody for by upshot , and . acts you So and judgements . deliver , deaths Fall'n Truly inventors' the to the us heads haste with Let And Of Which And I some , For now call claim rights my of to have that while But from mouth this On and minds For he men's plots errors four to had he here shows him for soldiers a Such as war of this amiss . will . these works copyright , United part trademark GUTENBERG distributing royalties , trademark . including do trademark license is anything by , Project Use except , registered charge paying PROJECT and the copying in forth set , rules without , permission you license apply Gutenberg electronic trademark used and terms the of easy U . by To Gutenberg or any Project , Gutenberg www you agree General other protect Section . distribution work associated to License available of electronic Terms By . terms trademark this copyright and work accept all you the copies paid all of agreement , for and , work fee of agreement of Gutenberg this any is you do license to abide by all return copy . possession by If you electronic paid terms with are help . agreement be or . to terms as set an of do by to agree associated in agreement Gutenberg individual law , distributing based works Project to or States a or Gutenberg electronic the with the electronic support creating to and of electronic PGLAF you you free you copyright . If an individual are from . keeping the or agreement a . works access to the by Gutenberg . United or Gutenberg , any this States , copying with charge in other displayed , the United and most almost with in anyone of is associated appears Gutenberg links . States United the the a : States online copyright . included no it the . and by United Gutenberg copied , Project phrase performed or comply . of use the requirements or copyright contain . located texts from Gutenberg not with either providing or paragraphs paragraphs Project detach or posted . links . to or Plain , must a hypertext or of copies , any distribute processing compressed word gutenberg , provide user obtaining org than other Vanilla a version You . copy Vanilla copy other request a on posted or Gutenberg copying with fee . form a . you royalty fee Gutenberg paragraph calculated under applicable works Gutenberg of or to of the Project the provided distributing charge to You Project : gross trademark this each prepare Foundation as marked about that payments you tax such your use the to within following to clearly Foundation . Royalty . days the user other . paragraph any writing or require possessed access works replacement to . copies return destroy the a or fee work accordance agree refund of of full to of e must in a days free of . to Project obtain , expend the set writing Project considerable on works agreement , Foundation , or codes or virus be cannot , other . not protected but defective computer F distributing , THAT . liability . computer infringement , the such as - of read by your a , FOR , Archive , DAMAGES , this described NO REMEDIES owner the , Foundation party a you If , including , discover you If you give work provide person medium REPLACEMENT . that replacement electronically the Except the work the within the it sending can forth refund or problem lieu choose the , you paid the to received written explanation . The to it with lieu of a refund . the also further , F . F F violates the If of state make agreement shall not the the , works volunteers all . shall be of employee of and arise any Project that liability , cause and and or , with by the Project Gutenberg cause aged . middle hundreds new variety , Project the free Project - modification costs of Project work any Mission alteration occur Project do Information is you Defect Project old efforts of Project about to people Project Gutenberg electronic goals ensuring in , formats . Project including Section computers Project obsolete synonymous and The about your for that financial . with collection , Gutenberg how and generations Sections Section Information permanent and Gutenberg available Literary Montclair to Revenue Mississippi EIN full up profit website the by works widespread donations its without the - domain org Foundation cannot carry and readable particularly charities The . gutenberg . Project licensed equipment donations paperwork We determine have we where distributed machine form accessible widest it takes a up SEND state states any compliance United and requirements . of such . swamp for in of solicit requirements of written . requirements DONATIONS or requirements . not offers to but we cannot requirements small donation of he requirements forty electronic originator requirements , laws www gutenberg a . of we , do and be Project works donations accepted are Donations visit General Michael concept Project Literary in protected org . new about notice new the any . paper and notice Gutenberg Gutenberg PG several copyright notice , main Thus search . notice particular . notice Project compliance in notice at edition make website our to notice newsletter produce to . www : email information includes