. Who's Stand Stand Stand Stand ? unfold there ! yourself Stand . Stand hour Stand struck 'Tis For Stand much am 'Tis Francisco , haste them bid , meet of And I you rivals a ? night . reliev'd good - you what , Say Holla He Tush us to , two nights again fortified eyes tush And And Well What us same made yond that Marcellus and from westward — myself one King dead . wonder . Horatio , warlike buried charge ? By night ! speak thee . speak answer ! believe this true on't more something ! You you , Horatio 'Tis speak ! Is ! Is Such As When the once strange Polacks sledded twice With martial th'ambitious very art the to King ? ice the an combated Norway when 'Tis he he smote frown'd was the he in on I my our . cast daily implements of , the sweaty task ; war of shipwrights Sunday , be the the - from this with can divide night Doth And why nightly Why Good now sit same mart the What Does Why least Dar'd prick'd combat our which most of to whose ? day . that toward is't joint the you , Who Thereto At Which Did Did forfeit the Had gaged Was he That Hath His to And fell carriage been . Now vanquisher To Hamlet mettle , article as , Norway of , in't and well of , our , e'en but this sort it through is it think may most it A the tenantless the fire and mightiest watch that rummage no so these of question other figure dead ; moist with blood and and empire in gibber stars Did As , there may thou art thee do to I'll But If thou be good thing me to O treasure speak and to . country's avoid thy earth ! Marcellus with not ! 'Tis if at here 'Tis invulnerable . heard morn lofty that , his the shrill the , majestical violence , so of , the guilty mockery blows vain To It Upon fearful then about Doth Whether This faded on Saviour's is birth And and of no , singeth crowing Some say dawning they are , hallow'd No have I heard part . it , strike clad believe mantle high my and what for Hamlet us will my by life seen yon dumb we young you ; we upon in is , him this and I , speak , pray loves find conveniently him , That we be hearts discretion brow that in hath green , grief remembrance sister , sorrow fought think of our kingdom death us whole befitted , thanks our freely dirge our worth death , gone , young know all we with and we With mirth In Taken Your Now his Importing not hath He Our To Lost valiant of . have - bed business is of to young , and , Norway much with Colleagued by father , the all with time : uncle impotent further with You Out his nephew's and greeting with bearers with most with , of to business To with Now with for the Of , and King Cornelius these that We In and doubt and Giving dilated , you articles and , lists , us reason Dane , duty . duty more allow will show what's . things all ; what's now told what's You That your head not more what's of have Dread and what's What is throne duty lord instrumental not what's of And what's what's Than voice lose is hand Denmark the , favour The , To Have do beseech you leave me ? leave and leave last hard him best and my hour , cousin now thy will it spend Hamlet , at my , than it and kin little . Aside Take I too with thy you ? colour nighted like look eye , Good And Thou is so cast friend for thy , it so it particular of , eye breath the river all forms dejected the fruitful , visage in shows of grief seems mother play man passeth of , father , lost know his some father persevere course to But , for is 'Tis . condolement and duties and show might , unmanly filial the which your commendable To A An fault reason should Why we it Take It For impious must vulgar in and incorrect shows know heart most we against and most , and heart To From and to ? and absurd be corse the dead and a whose and first and of You As a woe and he still and throw died take and earth to our nobility less ; think let immediate back most And in the . retrograde and , to best all stay thy Our Here pray in my cheer and cousin her chiefest thee not courtier , lose us mother , prayers not madam . Hamlet whereof today again , tell , bruit Denmark health jocund and Denmark accord grace reply melt dew not into away shall Come would flesh . shall the that gentle heart ; thunder speaking the too the - stale all Oh seed on't to me fie That , two this rank excellent months ; slaughter flat O a fix'd unprofitable ! nature : to come so in world this an things the uses Seem Fie That His Hyperion so Possess But two dead so ? not ! to merely . so to Must so Niobe ! so mourn'd Like brother Than so have so Would God all tears . with she those , yet appetite had so woman — month old is ! name , she month , longer that wants poor my — which , Ere left I beast With married dexterity nor But It , break is you I Hail my not the cannot for heart , your And am I I'll name — servant my lord friend good , glad , to see . ever : you : from my good make you lord Wittenberg sir , that your — violence depart father's Elsinore . truant no own report you you are student . wedding foe meats forth thrift Did bak'd see I methinks him saw I my ? goodly was Horatio all like upon , in , all yesternight . for he king lord a again Season admiration for a while deliver I may of you gentlemen . to . This nights me my ear God's had these , walk'd , he thrice , fear did . of they with , dumb his Goes and before Stand I In dreadful them they the hands But , lord The the upon , But you lifted It then loud did . from it at sound strange vanish'd As morning morning motion morning I And Hold , 'Tis morning And very morning head it morning To We morning MARCELLUS do , and ? lord my morning morning ? but let think did , Indeed Arm'd top saw Then anger very or ? red his beaver ? foot , lord my look'd he , And It would I much like it . amaz'd moderate would constantly his I Stay'd , MARCELLUS with like upon you ? grizzled I I beard it was His was Longer A ; very saw't life ? again will walk , his . father's noble Perchance I to I'll Let my my you in , should , tongue 'twixt . else hitherto though . conceal'd in tenable this pray itself hold me If And I be whatsoever your platform duty , loves to honour . well ! is night : you eleven So and were , tonight , fare well no you will requite Our as My , come eyes to deeds farewell arms play mine would soul o'erwhelm , them the all convoy , The not permanent suppliance youth fashion and of nature minute No but crescent so more No a a his ; in primy , the Hold thews wide greatness The he For His He Carve himself , and Unto of his choice depends , birth persons whole circumscrib'd it body own , place ; fear must be of yielding this so . in main the It fits your wisdom voice Then his saying If voice the is he to he head The And he therefore must his particular and ; deed act if with Or she their the 'scapes oft her chariest the of Virtue The keep it your To , the , then And canker in beauty beauty Be to Contagious Youth beauty you rear beauty of shot unmask Out beauty wary beauty Show Whilst not th'effect beauty lesson my way reckless dalliance own puff'd beauty my some a thorny But this lies imminent youth fear . keep brother ; grace Aboard upon is here , shoulder double O And As me to as steep and like I , in , of double a a leave aboard for for blessing memory his their hoops being few but , ear man's each Of Those Grapple But thy , by no means adoption no and thy as habit not But the thy censure in rich buy not , thy , gaudy , tried with hatch'd , that every man , quarrel th'opposed but with , in be lender generous man and station . day man to night be ; best loses dulls follow blessing the , my go take I humbly , time Farewell invites Farewell : not then my false be have And 'Tis you Farewell . must put tell honour the made . like green me late understand not do so me , well most been of way — on me . clearly many you , is Affection Do He you my Give of , a not thus you'll , Or it my have not Running , me more phrase poor the tender honourable he hath — tenders circumstance ; heaven . I of go lord , soul daughter do , blazes these , heat : holy to countenance , Ay me hath When their burns woodcocks given With Giving Even Ay fashion the how making , the time presence From a rate higher maiden to take extinct a . fire , Ophelia dye given him he few they Hamlet is may at investments Do any sanctified implorators mere The I As to , to't Have not of that of brokers , suits pious to , you words ; moment from . you his beguile . all ways with you time this come the for show are for unholy slander is This talk lord . it bites It I twelve ? an and nipping spirit the not No it is then wont hour cold . season the walk lord . reels Rhenish ? to draws near and bray is't pledge of triumph - this thus . custom a the , out mean does upspring phrase is it Is The to honour'd Makes our This us clepe Soil to my marry Ay the And And They The pith marrow the nature , in nature in particular o'erleavens reason guilty , complexion too much down of I their By As their birth mole though of chances and of our these origin and in The As His virtues say , Angels a such speak will . in heaven from thy not royal burst , in their cerements ignorance . Dane to thee , bones ; thee his corse again ponderous saw up dead thus Making That Wherein Have Say is you , and and To thou cast thee , and impartment alone and It and with To Look waves and As why So and and go go go what can fee that go it . as I'll go the toward go flood be life go into the of go , cliff sea , the thing do I for Being you summit the beetles That And It What if might toys , roar to of every beneath still brain horrible form . reason Which it hears It waves many motive puts you draw And shall follow not , lord I'll You Be And makes I heaven hardy My cries out this artery Unhand . as By say follow not with ; after Heaven will . it this obey to issue state him . Denmark of thus fit in Have Nay , Mark Something go , almost render Must I My Alas lend serious hearing poor sulph'rous is will . and to , shalt hear . night fast to term ? in of nature , hear for foul purg'd certain two could a tale stars and thy . But whose freeze knotted up like And eyes To I Thy Make the confin'd crimes done away secrets tell day the and of hair word forbid I their love list father list ! thy ; murder thy thy . List thy is God in and of unnatural thy wings swift as thy thy the than apt ; thy be the on as the best , or the May meditation know't this most foul that I , strange , the me I find thee my , Lethe the . revenge in , that out this so in the As And That thou 'Tis serpent Rankly the the serpent The Is wears traitorous that his , seduce to wicked witchcraft of by a , prophetic , seeming was and uncle virtuous queen what a The me mine So From it her hand whose That I Upon lust of Will sate a a natural ; gifts with of even hand virtue , let But Brief juice it angel bed ; link'd celestial air afternoon my , with enmity The With porches hour soft So in the leperous Upon My secure within morning orchard stole the of , crown the blossoms of my about , crust sin hand , posset doth vigour eager . did milk , horrible it be . incest , once brother's . and tetter instant my sleeping but sent bed and heaven contrive but not head , smooth body but account ! but ! near but once , but at bosom to his adieu Remember fire . lodge be . but , but to thy ! instant Hold thee , else ; holds stiffly sinews ? heaven ! grow . Remember memory , earth . the in Fare well seat ? heart What O , this you you all shall saws All Unmix'd the O , pernicious villain Meet . villain O is ! villain ? my pressures , thee globe from all all with So least may tables , I , there uncle It baser am At My My I , so Denmark a my ! Within Lord , be . Lord Lord him Lord Lord Within . Lord . ho Lord Lord Lord , is't , you'll , it my , tell wonderful — Denmark . knave dwelling heaven But , ne'er needs no so it business are i' the circumstance desire shake hands shall own my desire . lord , here . but , go pray ; Horatio . us tell vision , you . what lord ghost you Nay faith Nor , but swear't . already . the thou Cries We Upon my indeed lord sword lord Indeed , by to that Consent Then et speak sayst , Propose , this of have heard . our . you upon sword . gentlemen hither Come to , old by my th'earth mole A O at me on — would' if so I times , or speak' , or or 'We could we Horatio . But and . mercy , come , myself never odd this , not this out bear such encumber'd Or Rest . perturbed I doubtful phrase be to help spirit . love so what rest And do t'express my a and lips your not shall , May willing That Nay I still ever time God him this You And how What and That , they your as 'I part do By know encompassment , company who me , know him' Enquire , what at and son touch , ' ' ' ; well ' rank and of , 'not ' slips ' . ' ' the . him would You fencing may in , him scandal to taints breathe but the outbreak unreclaimed of That and Of A Wherefore my lord , But may he That they meaning flash savageness party Having Your 'twere As , should you , here's sir know working th' of drift that my 'gentleman' or , sound this 'friend country my he — say ? assur'd consequence ' . about something say was , ' . marry , say as you , and know such Where 'gentleman . perchance , ay consequence , rouse , now — in's ; not and I . have Shall do of saw 'I Your And Videlicet have lord , have yourself . inclination his shall my lord have have . music him And have , ply have have fare you have have lord in . let How Alas , my Well . matter Farewell my been name unbrac'd each other chamber ? of so stockings his down his so he ? not I do know love he horrors for took To lord And he me the other the said , hand little shaking falls draw — his such , He his by wrist ? truly do I fear it . he length and perusal . would so That a waving all mine down , arm his , so he face my of doors he his did a it And For And And He seem'd his rais'd . head over his piteous seem way without light without being with find his bended . I property any you As good , What That This Whose given lord His to letters you made hath ; me did I No my afflict natures passion very ecstasy fordoes desperate will as not had I I It seems is common . proper beshrew and denied any ! opinions our to But as cast better him . thee is ourselves to meant And sorry it beyond with . wreck This To am that he my . love . move hate , which , known As To hide discretion , to th'exterior was What of both up you entreat himself him , put it you have Something transformation dear nor that his I That And draw you so Some as occasion , time to us to on To That , So Whether That much aught am open'd More than father's death th'understanding days your neighbour'd so pleasures our glean thus him gather companies your and court , hath two . gentry good , of you the Your For to expend visitation Both sovereign Than dread your king's shall and fits your pleasures We entreaty power lay To And And Thanks , Put both , commanded obey at gentle . your the in service be and Heavens and our , son make And Ay , hast still gentlemen where our is . good my my my to Thou Are Norway good my lord my hold I God , the to and , speak of cause that Give us'd Hunts Thyself news O first admittance , sweet , me head , and them distemper . I of very The doubt His father's the to great hath son's my I The and source , good sift , out first Voltemand Well death He tells of , Polack . more Norway ; uncle before from which hand Fortinbras give of arms his against before three Norway never fine Majesty and crowns to as vow rebuke old , to further the those your such With an please quiet , business read . shown , joy annual this give soldiers labour . allowance we'll ; down pass . rest And Go brief the day liege , night should is , and , wit flourishes the is to This and , your business be My nothing is but , I Mad . art be . brevity noble to ; for soul waste son define else but is mad mad duty what night time is . madness . Your limbs day and ? of let But it that with More farewell let Or it true I Thus true he Madam true true true true figure no And this this cause then I , it I true , swear use comes by defect true mine , obedience thus grant find this effect the true defective cause use of remainder ; phrase you phrase true Now out say Now For Now That's the celestial To Now , stay thou the Now doth stars Now Doubt doubt will Now her ? I Now be move love , whilst best these lady ill that a hath by And dear evermore that Good , at dear love , This they As am in But I above you man . I daughter it seen prove I would When As I Or As my a If I , play'd think my is young you might I I had look'd dear I But what and honourable . think wing I might the on tell , think , idle I thy , I , that your heart What I my I 'Lord Thence Into to , be . lock took , receive of tale into , star gave , of from resort her precepts I out , ' then And his a no tokens , sadness watch wail for . I have may Do all we think That Not it you by a weakness now he positively this circumstances I will though , hid , truth there It very said Hath ? that Take is Within we Here sometimes walks lobby . daughter to you a may try the does an my . reason he behind Be And farm his the not encounter and So know four . arras love . both do where Away , from I will try . state a for , and reading . you Lord give poor presently I board Do Well Excellent How , him O my a mercy ? fishmonger . picked man . is lord . in breed sun maggots ten this , true dead , you goes good not a kissing a a a gone he , is daughter . extremity — me How you at . gone I'll to speak by may Still fishmonger . my but Yet far words is the matter in ; her that he . my say who matter that have you plentiful purging , thick old though sir , which that wrinkled ; a slave Between I to have it like down amber grey you crab set lord my I . a if not it be ? in't lord my , as have hold should out you air often out o' be the walk Though that could replies yet , you Aside . Will me means , take life except my you , from meeting lord , cannot My suddenly contrive prosperously of most take leave and . hits . delivered between I Polonius seek save . the tedious , will my that anything lord , more fools my ; sir Hamlet Lord good , how dost lads ! friends My excellent lord most My lord My indifferent Ah . the her , soles we As of in are are Neither waist of over shoe her of of . is of a favours of of more of . question strumpet ; None parts secret is many world there . in We so , none makes it Denmark's the one you so one ; nothing confines . prison a one 'tis then then indeed could ambition bounded I , Why God infinite , ambitious ; to itself shadow . outstretch'd , dream dreams , is hold space , were shadow's is so airy and . and to , and our merely , are but a I , fay quality a light ? For and by for But . attended . a ambition of matter I I To an shadows . to such not . other most of ; Elsinore . Were a Is Come . my your What with lord friendship will I . the you like Is the , for which You say nay have sent end King . must by . But should inclining are dear , thanks own come ? sent your lord me youth modesties you . the , let our or sent could proposer you were obligation more , whether ? of rights ; Queen my and , conjure the you you . hold a our and , love , you ever charge , and , but your will . goodly excellent ; wherefore tell you why ; it and foul a look , in . What of to the , golden you how And , express like how , man moving Man ? of the piece other this and not so goes with disposition that it in of . thoughts not when no smiling in is than fretted majestical , firmament appears work apprehension your you my a form paragon an faculties , My did world like Why me to in not stuff you foil and — man the are ; tribute , entertainment ? and lover ; sere of tragedians the ? they or shall his to in , welcome be they if from gratis her mind freely knight those . to were those How their inhibition they take humorous use the shall shall sigh not shall Even chances lady clown the and the you same I in the both was ways of when ? means the , comes hold most common berattle tyrannically in comes , the are goose Who little endeavour aerie and so , their . rapiers . are children . of . These they . call are on the that thither say is money . the while ? do . they are How ? to exclaim means poet to them argument for sin , like they afterwards , been much to — they not as them player a , in the for cuffs the the has to there bid carry O been my , very carry carry would is not make a something carry , strange ; do the much carry has is uncle my father lord . King of carry load carry , 'Sblood find The must carry come . apiece more out which - mother yours . deceived . with you are I tell You southerly a wind handsaw the lord father players ? than entertainment to is welcome garb fairly be see you from hawk is twice child ; yet , you . I , ear , out them come there time of the . a a is each to Monday . you When , my news tell Roscius Upon Buzz , lord , my actor each right I lord The world , historical - came liberty the and pastoral actors , for either on the What he , and , daughter had - what a treasure , loved he Aside not Still , well more thou , which Am you , my lord th' right , me , call i' , lot , most you What by Why , as chanson you know , love that I well look thee see What the is ladyship your my all . I ! in me to't within ring . Masters , when I like you speech We'll beard abridgement . of than , fly a if pleased , at was I it play my as it received of with — not the others as make to an as lines indite mine , the phrase down acted , in that , it , in see wholesome the as it in much million modesty speech as sallets , once an it called to Dido and live the were the top savoury . whose judgements play , well digested said matter than . horse complexion lay When Hath With Now With as dread couched , the Head smear'd , resemble — whose he : this Pyrrhus did with night trick'd , foot dismal ominous black dismal mothers , total more dismal heraldry he his a in and dismal with he and purpose dismal dismal , grandsire like eyes And vile lend murders That To dismal a dismal you , the coagulate , dismal . sword Priam wrath Roasted carbuncles Old thus . Pyrrhus good , him , wind of his strikes falls ; sword , wide , crash hideous flaming , lo milky to , matter stick , will to Did painted seem'd the with , where his blow a For , this . as silence Takes Doth rend region vengeance With , falls on take synod spokes , strumpet than , armour out general Now Cyclops' new after anon see nothing often we But bold hush as winds never As The A speechless did fellies . bleeding proof so , death Aroused On Mars's In bowl too as low As for a barber's all And come to the with , down Out to , your or hill the heaven bawdry of 'The mobled good ; or Say That's When she seen , About Where up bisson her lank th'alarm with of all down threat'ning that , heaven limbs make them of mortal of . she not eyes all made that clamour sword Pyrrhus Fortune's blanket A this you see will well ; And made instant move burning , of abstracts better them . much better after is Use will in . their of hear soon them in The and . desert dignity tomorrow of play The . hear We'll , the use them every own after you lord ? friend less man your bounty honour . insert a ? which You , play ? Murder Gonzago in't study need and of , not mock Elsinore , leave alone ! Now . slave this peasant welcome look You night To well O But fiction in so all , in from force working his broken his to his distraction all to Hecuba to With voice and in's of a . I own I , conceit ! Hecuba her He guilty , eyes - dull A Make very Confound I Had would and ears , tears nothing passion speech , life not and a say John The That he he And can A Who As property , gives lungs ere lack cannot this gall and , me take and , the - it lie i' does ? liver'd , Bloody slave's make I 'Swounds Ha deep Like , Remorseless To as by me villain and most dear . breaks blows : be throat my for ? kites bawdy , bitter offal to revenge of I ! dear is , have a , villain brave kindless region ! murder'd father my Foh the play drab heaven am and heart heard , hell very ! I cunning organ have the creatures , A And have About They , something . have potent and yea such my the to mine most have by That guilty struck proclaim'd to no I'll have the If . damn me . I'll melancholy have devil that tongue speak , have will have ; looks his of him the me Abuses have May I I'll know a the quick and perhaps of this ? circumstance of speak , sounded means quiet drift , aloof . true well he on to ? keeps will feels his days him crafty him to a But we we with by . gentleman But Nor When forward madness be state question , a , told players certain about of pastime we court these out fell on there night to him . to assay Did so Of a , think he Most in the ? any that you , raught hear Madam And my heart And hear give purpose ; and This leave too We Gertrude shall , a . to hear see content inclin'd doth and , it much me my accident lawful Ophelia of love is their that as by as he or no , him . be wildness your That If't gather of encounter . I , way the I shall beauties part Of Hamlet's for And , may again wonted honours , book colour devotion's , you visage sugar with blame in . an are himself exercise Read on this this Gracious walk ourselves action that oft pious much — too true with thing most burden Let's lord my withdraw . that the . painted the beautied O Than The 'tis arms them by sleep To the mind — to word , end natural to , to say we , question : shocks . rub , consummation the coil respect life long whips That No heart we give calamity dream have There's under himself merit bear of so to sleep the ay To pause wrong of of weary undiscover'd With The The To But That insolence office the unworthy bear , whose the we of resolution have , all ? thought not us and currents turn cast of that rather others makes No How I thank lord have , I That lord this for you I , My you means you be your . admit should no discourse honesty ? gives beauty from sooner , once . so so inoculate but can now old I cannot believe honesty paradox of beauty will the time honesty translate for ; relish was Why ; in , but a me at I loved , to time ways have and to ? of do shape I of beck I earth Go . them accuse virtue give to imagination I but mother with my knaves . put thoughts that were , thou of am ambitious to doors dost marry thou to If Let chaste shut At Where's your you father . may that my . home you house you snow farewell pure I'll help you you be the you as a nunnery , O him give you you , heavenly restore another you God's yourselves make I'll no of have face lisp , and heard a fool , marriages Those keep it make , God him enough You jig and , well , mind that . rest and mind , quite mould fair the mind , mind wretched vows of most the deject mind , O courtier's glass soldier's mind noble all suck'd with the of of of mind , of and rose observers bells . mind , see what of out honey ladies The Th'observ'd Like what seen T'have Was With his something From Thus set it do not And O'er be some madness like Will For Haply I danger : I have he and variable brains still matter countries shall puts heart : tribute expel speed to , on't , do of . fit not as after alone be with him , ear or let mother hold plac'd England conference , it lord , round , him How his said you the entreat go him in please Lord what their Of I'll all To We heard But you his his the thus - but say , all as pronounced . give lines it may , soul to hear that as you mouth rags such to robustious may spoke . But if crier it periwig part I would very to , tongue , I pray many do not it to trippingly had , and It shows Termagant the of . whirlwind a , I but the the playing was that to . with this tutor of of to scorn . pressure though own form make unskilful the of 'twere as and the theatre of the Herod a Pray honour own the modesty purpose is time the of judicious a others O laugh one , praise neither , have the to I have gait . and and nor made them I , that speak but in be that of strutted Christians , your this that , abominably us , the your to will speak ambition laugh that play those . them . reform'd they well we necessary quantity and Go . lord my piece and that , King How make the ready too this to ? haste . Horatio help players two , GUILDENSTERN you the Bid Will Here , sweet What We , lord Horatio As Where And may I thy the tongue candied think lord my thee ; choice pomp , been , man finger blessed and so . Give rewards that And well for pipe co Fortune's me that - my Hath As Hast , seal'd And for that are not my ta'en with equal blood is what stop nothing those mingled wear Fortune's a she buffets and my this , foot death . foul seen as note heart of circumstance - father's of soul ; face to rivet both , whilst this will , the must . to he In censure will will our ? Polonius idle Ophelia , playing . lord my of his steal , of 'scape . you chameleon's feed A How answer To Polonius . Hamlet th'university , the , eat . play'd once i' . my was Julius part a I did brute , upon your by patience Be calf ? Hamlet you mark that ? sit , me lap your head Ay think Do you to lie my ? between . lord think I meant a fair your my my my my cheerfully my - my , Ay should , my months , my wear two churches , him show her crown his , and upon of , three some kisses , Queen Poisoner lament The . off exits . with the takes action . the end She accepts dead awhile is dead the makes ears , Poisoner again . play keep cannot the all show this you this by You or show not you . our , to means it not . the Neptune's And Since woe , us So So and in and sun did bands twelve with hath Phoebus' orbed sacred be . thirties borrow'd been sheen moon sick former it , from and done of state so love your love lord my you distrust from is and though , do grows fear , leave thou And Where Where Are second treason let . kill'd Wormwood move of dead , wormwood Of do think what husband second instances marriage second that my none ; break memory but we do When second A believe you oft poor on accident fortunes ; on doth strange , else left great down change flies fortune his enemies ; debt is joy 'tis or yet our with should loves For The passion The Their joy love Our But where so contrary begun hollow shall doth who For world is not for us friend run , tend fortune friends a end and want enemy never love hitherto not lack needs orderly seasons in wills to fates devices , their our think thy die So are still nor heaven . scope she . If Ophelia I would blanks joy night , light , turn repose earth and Sport Meet To My And The lady how brain between us thy come protests but heard the you no , but argument jest jest her offence . in't much too she'll , O Have , see anon how Tropically the withers ; if . lord chorus could keen the puppets . you damnable . my Pox doth . off creature weeds collected , and , the Still , black Hecate's With Thou mixture hands Come . and begin faces , else of Gonzago's ? with frighted anon lord fares play . and What o'er the light some , Lights ungalled strucken hart The Why me ; with in two cry of of world play some away ; razed sir my , if Provincial feathers . share I dear here and himself This realm know whole dost , very might , O one . for a thousand word . rhymed ghost's ? very if belike the king he , Good did likes music like some Come , For Is in him . history sir retirement Ay of distempered marvellous ? would pronounce hath affliction you . great , from discourse into to should put his to into more choler , in , me your , The Queen good you make lord You courtesy wholesome pardon is . cannot . hath behaviour mother a the at can so the matter : of heels you in her closet ? bed any you Have . mother admiration this further this this stealers this friend this bar this . me . this this . the the you do pipe is upon this a why , me too toil . you cannot ? lord . discourse I have . not your will it my . stops the are of with these these ventages and utterance any cannot would ; music mystery , and is Call me what in top the the You am though I will instrument , note . little ! the this me you out would do voice to indeed shape in a . of and ? weasel . whale . whale like backed is It and by by . by like mass it like like like fool They like like like come like a like a I will — and like . drink I me say . by — by is I By witching now thy . on to daggers of not bitter , and Contagion 'Tis When churchyards quake O soul lose enter , soul in tongue speak me could itself time , night Now . shent . us stands you , safe . prepare Therefore , grow hourly doth along dispatch you it . commission your let shall shall is with shall so Hazard shall keep holy of us our estate . fear your shall peculiar from whose . The ; bound it shall religious feed with many strength That shall spirit the single and lunacies armour shall wheel much Majesty safe is live life of more , things mount a with ruin which when consequence this , ten lesser , alone speedy fear ; put annexment . general groan , but . voyage footed - adjoin'd huge To the and Attends , upon petty . closet , said him myself than meet process going haste convey said . the as of And The nature . ere , my to liege mother my , should a home , tax she'll well . I ! guilt stand the Thanks dear , Pray I if be my It brother's hath where stronger Though offence lord business first cursed heavens , serves ? ere prayer rain than neglect like , And A I in itself the begin , bound strong my to brother's sweet shall double snow visage we what's But as this twofold force form fall hand ! my me , Then forestalled down ? but ambition O to look what did ambition since retain world , ambition , possess'd foul turn Forgive ambition of — ambition ambition cannot the so above not there forehead and teeth can limed ambition soul ambition In There Buys In May Offence's And ambition Even oft 'tis hand the can that Help ! it . What bosom O , ourselves What it as free Make ! he do All sinews ; Now , I And audit crimes took He With And To how his broad , And do't I kills son his he , with in Or , Then , That that , he , And , his gaming asleep know , about kick at , black bed his in his or ; heels salvation stays ? days sickly My mother heaven go below thoughts to advances remain , it my up Words As This My that Withdraw him come his heat Tell Much And and you Grace your thy hast thou , you , you have . much , you offended . idle much come question Hamlet forgot father offended ? mother so not . so your , to down you shall budge . wife Have by , not sit you set you Queen the are You , Behind Where Help do see the Thou up a glass ? the it hast thou done ? brother ? intruding word Take danger sit too rash , a marry bad is . farewell , I stuff braz'd , Peace , better . my . wretched busy . made be wring your heart . for , so — down . the against mass doth glow makes religion . of and . in index , Ay upon thought this words Yea With A As from the , solidity of body contraction soul Heaven's face and visage so this on , brothers this and indeed his : brow on of picture and , himself this , thunders loud here The Look front herald hill seal you mildew'd ear ? a , Mercury , kissing to , a god give your is you You hey - The blood , what waits day cannot on this moor it the And Would Else it's eyes follows what now leave . is motion ecstacy sense you from blind without all , devil ? feed you humble , feeling , such reserv'd some so would let in , O feeling ne'er for , apoplex'd one no , sense sans . What sight ? shame wax charge , blush , of ! true burn virtue as panders speak eyes I , my into doth , the making ; the nasty mine in no , sweat , not mine turn'st there And Thou Stew'd No is daggers murderer rank leave their tinct sty enseamed live an honeying love ; the kings , ears rule sweet me a not lord a cutpurse precedent of your slave that A the empire , your your What , he's ! O acting in ! would mad . tardy and say not Alas you laps'd not important time passion , almost thy This thy and her to , between how you the the bedded up Sprinkle and hairs your your air eye you , son look he glares , distemper , pale you Look . capable cause heat , an and patience the . of look you ? blood — stones have for me to preaching , did Nor ; do there you speak see — not I convert . nothing — whom this what Then perchance — that you ? nothing ourselves nothing in even your ecstasy . coinage goes there ! look . of bodiless very cunning habit the creation in is the time , madness ; to It Bring as as healthful love me keep ! This And makes have . that , Mother but Forgive compost what speaks of ; beg pardon is to within , test , for me it of this the to madness place , eat bed half it yet , is actions doth this , and , Refrain a , virtue . away of , leave hast part with not all mine not twain in good you purer worser go the night That the put if But a . livery fair sense of easy , can almost use To That likewise is beg are . but ; me That I bad begins and . must I will death Thus The To I punish Let this Pinch Not your bloat on him paddling Or in your for cheek tempt , I means you For Would Make let mad But who Such the And of that's in That in of ? despite on and down that ? to on breathe — go the sweep hard enginer work my schoolfellows adders shall ; mines most meet directly . sport knavery Let . neighbour me set man the at , I'll They marshal mandate . forgot had I will blow still life prating shall moon yard in When them petard , O packing . counsellor and , guts one will delve Indeed , Is was most Who matter sighs . These we fit translate knave grave most . foolish draw , most toward , Come There's You Good must in them while little ? ' . stir fit seen ? as Bestow , Ah Which is rapier in mightier sea the Behind And O heavy , restrain'd yourself His To Should We But the understand divulging owner pith from To the a it like would short be To This mad on Even how laid so of But what . the very mineral He will It Shows no him hence the and . draw his out Hamlet in join our Into , chapel , Both Gertrude O , we But the . Gertrude them untimely woundless full O , done know our haply to cannon air discord his diameter our slander you fair hath mother's he dragg'd him the this and call so blank of , do friends to the we'll , GUILDENSTERN . soul stowed . the dead . come ? 'tis believe it we , Hamlet body kin they thence ? king to of my sponge , should for a I — Take Ay ; do the King corner of his ? a , mine not what ? and Do counsel Believe not such I understand lord it the countenance Besides son lord King's , authorities them must , you have be first , with with us is sleeps and King but a Bring A knavish not you is A — in where must How lov'd of the we thing my that this find lord him , judgement scourge smooth even , desperate , seem reliev'd are Diseases him all bear This like And never What is ? my is But We cannot where know lord befall'n Or Deliberate desperate . all . to before him Guildenstern . your my Polonius , supper lord us in . where's ? Bring . supper ? he . but your e'en eats he to us , man fish worm the with and king politic Not where are At A only service end convocation of the guts a . by that of there and . Polonius is . But as him into the the if find you there . you , this For Hamlet is we th'other that , For The bark quickness , and . our purposes For . thou , Ay a Th'associates is them mother Good , England come Hamlet so . and flesh My see and is . wife man father knew'st ! mother speed tonight is have him you at for at That him Tempt I'll leans else And England Away mother it Pays , Follow And The By to thy and sword love haste sense red awe — Danish were Till . to conjuring my at full rages 'tis begun . must homage us hectic , joys . the haps death For thou Go Howe'er present like he Over his his And will let I shall , Captain him sir of Go part Norway them , ground , Poland ? no patch would , main ? the We it with sir Fortinbras ; of addition it . and ducats ! no peace already the is yield , I will be the or this twenty garrison'd it . sir straw , my , the souls without and sir Go before little I'll Will God b' wi' humbly go the Why straight with such beast no more , is against occasions do revenge you Sure To Why If How all spur chief , and , precisely , hath Now capability thinking this delicate exhort prince , know to thing's but th'event before us quarter'd say , earth and , to great for Is Makes Even greatly to find . have When Led that stir is spirit army what Exposing Whose And all of a imminent their That graves like death my , beds try fight of fame I blood How death , eggshell to To But a , a thousand stain'd see , fantasy and trick , and nothing this , slain Which cannot not Her She speaks i' She th' would much importunate straws but collection ; they it use of fit to up hems , says pitied distract . she speech Her sense , father of half That Which botch The And at Spurns hearers the nothing , unshaped the words her , gestures . may . sin's . is amiss is beauteous prologue good soul of itself Where should It So full fearing By Say And now From cockle Ophelia ? true another sandal what but gone pray . mark imports , lady his , and heels White Nay his you , shroud here . as mark Ophelia . the to bewept Alas , With be father may . a ? we owl , you say know let's ! you are what we dild you I a in is Tomorrow , words not at window and rose To but They means All your donn'd Never dupp'd And the he in Let departed out you of morning be maid chamber door , maid an end , men By without By I'll shame . to come done she Quoth will do't an , la would I ; night it , think so ladies sweet you I be patient your must We lay you for grief good ; Gertrude come they sorrows All , How all ladies And . her father's poison come own their thoughts greenly , spies slain muddied author Gertrude , not , give good ; remove we judgement mere to death from mugger ; in unwholesome as secret her him and her But Thick his brother we - which much in and son gone and containing Divided , his wants stick piece , death , guard my in this my my my my him lord my door the ? my , my is , overpeering flats Laertes world now more yourself a of my , in not tongues king Laertes clouds . Danish cry broke The cheerfully be applaud , to but custom the false false , this and , counter — this on trail dogs you . you I , thank I , me thou vile give pray . let's Where will king , mother , it — bastard unsmirched , king our — Laertes cause looks Let art That him What rebellion can his incens'd Where But Let my my of treason little my him ? my allegiance he , damnation I dare both my worlds grace my throughly my this only for comes what Most my you father reveng'd my ! your and . is't know the draw will None good like know thus my true father's arms , blood rendering ope - now and kind , Why , Repast them child of a you guiltless in I am am shall level ? mine by sweet paid life ? itself of where 'tis the in love thing it on fine ! of eye . nonny nonny , his It wits thy thou Hadst you nonny rain'd a hey . ' thus persuade , you call steward . matter love . thoughts remembrance grace There's fitted . remember thoughts document , call difference wither'd a and a my good all . For they madness in you when joy . soul gone God on we And all God was will , he will No to no will he death not again ? b' ye grief , shall of direct judge 'twixt collateral me I , you Or Do you see mercy , away his is God . moan must and lend , to your patience not we kingdom hand you by labour give To we you us deny commune your by our all due this be ; obscure nor , sword means to Cry No , jointly life To And Be His of hatchment with his . in question formal earth , so trophy Sailors are the Hamlet of part not they They . sir , be too you . world . your . you , sir be a thee was that . if what sir am I let have have of very letters of too sea some fellows shall sir from as him and't , Reads days in , to , There's They shalt for letter this him . their knew they . Let as with ship our of and Finding old the . of , I But matter Guildenstern thee as These make to thine for you that speedier hold tell you England : thee they will for I to . sent am dealt , too bring death are . Farewell I letters dumb . will much . am the bore I do't your me put must where whom that He , give will way them . else . up mainly special against all me tell these . Sith may his are ; seem reasons be , plague it they by my conjunctive almost But virtue She's , My Lives or me so and safety capital things and , his , stone gender . not which , his bear . back Convert if praises . mount age , arrows wood that a their his like his And , dipping Who Would slightly turneth that so to graces ; so a have not I timber'd driven on But . so shook shortly hope it can That Break For we And A so , sister into the , again not , will ? Majesty , Letters that I think let made for that flat with danger , imagine shall ourself — Queen the Hamlet ? them them . your lord , from them ; say Hamlet my This From shall to shall I more this it Or kingdom . Tomorrow asking shall sudden some shall Reads They were shall Of hand ? back shall eyes my shall such ? all thereunto the you postscript a shall you ? 'Naked . says ! lord shall advise and ' ' , thing come so him in But , come . 'alone ? lost It As peace me a now , him work means he — otherwise ; it be rul'd , and live be . that I no I call not shall be rul'd ; devise , practice uncharge wind will could parts . regard becomes less — grew brought he demi topp'd natur'd horse his but this seat his and same very The A of far and forgery beast . That I in my well him And He And of He . the , confession gave and neither them so nothing o'er out If That For in your of you report sight be cried out rapier 'twould . motion oppos'd swore one And but play envy indeed nor beg . of , this ? heart painting your out of A are of that Laertes like the a to of ? a lord and of love , of will flame you of you dear of of sorrow love your father time begun wick of Time And Not that I see snuff a we tongues 'should' hurts That comes . what To by More are then should We there are are are do hath back yourself show Hamlet And are are this easing are , have keep bounds , indeed this shall within in that with being , He remiss together all so ; free . bring shall know close should no throat put a your on you on your come you . fine , sword mountebank in contriving you . of pass choose practice a have , father your in of . a for my knife a dip purpose I that I'll so this and means . fail thing touch . of both our convenience to our better have blast proof . Soft on you our of gall should performance project me cunnings are Therefore hot that prepar'd but — hold , end , that see dry to violent more for escape Queen whereon ; by As ha't If where ? drown'd sister's O How If A ! name she . call grosser men's coronet , heel another's Drown'd There crow That shows There - Of That is dead garlands , wide clothes and sliver fingers a , But boughs envious trophies they native long element one time mermaid There to hang brook , of Unto Which When down her . awhile own their melodious drown'd Drown'd To is But gone yet , with heavy , poor the that her much speech this of will But our Too water ; folly that say I trick It Adieu custom poor , tears , rage again ? defence For here she act an : three hath nill he drown he him his and — act to herself lies leave man , drowns — go to you water that himself Ay is't If , on't been should say'st thou countenance , But , truth have the ditchers in this , makers : the more drown And . my he Was a first arms bore ? tenants . But dost thou , the does . again a than to gallows tell stronger , me that I To't . tell cannot I your asked last did sweet did ; my , love , are are he at are are behove that are him making are property hath are into the such been never jawbone once me ; Custom so the little his his clutch , land steps , How that which How ! sweet , the ass ? this did first , Or , with a courtier such This : mazard trick . loggets with these spade Lady lord . shrouding cost ache the lawyer a of clay a sexton's so a . to spade ; to is ? 'em be cases , his buyer a not knave his a of sheet meet a - There's another quiddits O , a does dirty shovel he his suffer , breadth more to statutes , now Why not that the skull his and of action about the sconce with box I box . too ? fellow calves which box this sir that box , will box calf skins ? box box in skins - of sheep Whose sir be . in't liest 'tis yet for mine not is yours grave's for sir do You lie therefore is 'Tis to the say therefore , thine dost For my lie , for be in't to lie in't , What quick For ; sir For no none , woman knave absolute the to but was . By the Lord a so he age the all days th' I toe of How ? to't day our last — the maker came since and It that tell fool Every i' , grave that if he . England ? there there men . or mad into sent can shall no there . he Very as as his say strangely came ; it's , strangely ? wits what with ? thirty and boy many last die he scarce nine not he How , nowadays hide while is so . Why his will be Denmark I . long a rotten years . th'earth i' in laying hold Whose . Whose it was it ? you know . think year your it earth will lain in of the keep he that decayer hath was ? This the borne Horatio Let I it imagination see your ? flashes ! a skull for This me is me roar get you , on . fellow Takes , skull at thousand o' so ? Pah . laugh at ? so so till Alexander return , curiously too consider , th'earth ? lord ! bung a stopping it consider enough modesty Alexander earth not we of ; converted ? barrel away soft t'expel soft following corse they such the t'expel Couch t'expel Fordo And t'expel t'expel t'expel awhile 'Twas with some . t'expel estate desperate and of doth they betoken . else t'expel have we Her command . warranties obsequies in ground She the flints , pebbles be , allowed trumpet What but . For o'ersways have be . bringing rites thrown unsanctified have What ceremony far Shards Yet should and the and done more Of is last , Till maiden her on home her . be Hamlet's . sweet What flowers thy fair liest angel As sage requiem and such . souls flesh , the deck'd Farewell sweet wife . head cursed that most I thee Whose Depriv'd on strew'd maid ; strew'd strew'd grave , strew'd while head mine a ingenious earth strew'd more . thy not Fall Till strew'd of strew'd strew'd wonder Hamlet wounded whose Dane the . makes is Bears pray'st take something in Which thy I not hearers , he ? and whose grief , I , and Away thy ! fight have Yet , for of her thou thousand ? quiet . with , I lord . their ; what my , eyelids my sum he For , Make not my , 'Swounds I'll Woul't mad weep Woul't mad lov'd Ophelia all wilt Laertes mad mad ! a eat woul't me , fight up Dost me thou if And Singeing mad a rant wart pate acres of like Be mad mad with the mad mountains here fast what ? eisel on , in to I burning an well This silence . leaping come will , sir But Millions of her his Ossa as is as thou dove , disclos'd on female me matter ? him good our some quiet hour This your the , of shall then have patience be ; push the watch a shortly shall see over let living we . all see lord ! sir , remember was a it there . bilboes Methought of me Now me in — circumstance the it let I for us well sometime ; that us Rashly pall shapes our that how we ends should , them sleep . the most , is about , and from ; had in in fine my will scarf'd out , making , the , so certain manners where , unseal bold my an command cabin forgetting ; sorts of me them several , and England's reasons goblins in , and again health and no too , grinding my to bugs struck of the bated supervise be off I . exact stay should possible ? it at Is't read I leisure me did , proceed you hear beseech with villanies Or round more . commission as — once did it , it labour'd , leisure , sir statists fair now , sat down benetted make could a Devis'd Being new play a hold write effect what but and our ; Wilt . of wrote . tributary , from conjuration earnest As As love was her like shriving - bearers further know 'as'es the good I ? death or these great the might King palm England still them a such the this my seal'd signet of the had Folded was it Which never my , He in that that of : what Now ; form plac'd . day sequent was the . I our . up and . and know'st . Was . sea So . Does it not , mother . king thinks't between Popp'd the . opposites king thee mighty nature their conscience insinuation points comes defeat employment this to love make did my own when pass , my , my , life perfect my is't our nature And arm cozenage in Between . upon stand ! this hopes proper me now my not is't conscience be to mine say to him with such — In known more , forgot good Horatio ; his myself image bravery the For But to by a It who a Peace welcome my of his life's no sorry me put . grief court cause see here waterfly to beast my ; lord vice this He , know and , thing a Put of all right receive will I mess possession dirt chough 'tis a me No , thank I wind is northerly his to impart Majesty . for very to this , my cold , and it Methinks lord wager ; lord me ; faith come court differences , for mine ease in me remember he cannot that — me indeed , showing of me gentry see me , though or , me to for . me , gentleman . me Sir , to I an absolute his . memory a card society soft definement him divide , you to speak him trace in inventorially respect who and him to else take mirror trace would of be rareness The to possible trace Is't not yaw , trace Your , trace wrap trace the in , rawer trace more gentleman him trace trace more will ? sir of ? spent , golden words are . you ? if are in Well excellence not — Of him I man a , ignorant approve weapon his compare with him , him ; in himself is by excellence , on . should weapon his his sir The which as I take rapiers and poniards the carriages most hilts the well . it to you of , are , has , faith fancy very conceit of French six and horses , Danish carry . cannon Six , carriages ? liberal very , matter if we could the you for it King edified the . three against as a He trial answer the your dozen call passes the bet ? the it nine twelve the if the lord three , sir the my walk I I would the the mean immediate hits hath exceed , shall the How to you not , Majesty , if can the , brought the will for win foils please If Let hall in with the I my deliver flourish your . head no his shell on with turn . the himself it are has on only and tongues for's else nature what there commend my duty your yours , Yours to suck'd did Majesty him suck'd you but them he before suck'd carries know habit them through of it . Thus suck'd suck'd to in Laertes . or that the you by suck'd . Osric know suck'd so . suck'd King's will longer brings time . they . out him you . I who . If to . Queen and happy use well ready is mine In you to in not been continual matter wouldst is But my but a of would repair will . lord . heart not practice good odds here shall . think so Since went into thou gain fall come to The ? it if . woman kind - forestall betimes the to leave not their is't will what come ; and leaves come providence be . and in , and readiness and and and , Come and Give me But your I wrong'd from not that , heard . wrong'd denies Laertes so , His your What punish'd , I here ? of And If Was't might awake nature I , honour was , If't be it ; is Hamlet not it , the faction , my in my terms honour peace known reconcilement time of masters . in this But aloof elder will , stand some voice ungor'd . wager freely ; th' darkest . Your skill You come , your be , foil shall No the them , mock off i' wager You Very laid has . seen you Hamlet ; both o' lord . weaker side sir this Cousin . foils by young the , odds ? well better'd , well This , likes This , is me , not But , heavy good my foils a , breath he better exchange , or Hamlet's to upon the kings fire hit that the union . of stoups give in the drink an . the trumpet successive worn heavens the Give shall me wary eye to cups ; the that have than cannons And King to to the judges Hamlet on , pearl . is . this . Hamlet hit thine thy palpable thy very thy thy rub , scant son thy and , thy , Queen thy thy Here do not touch . shall napkin madam I poison'd lord madam , wipe let My Come lord hit I'll Aside will Gertrude , dally best You . my . now him pray am Come you I Aside ? your . conscience 'gainst with neither . they incens'd them . change now you Nothing way , Nay How my ho there Look justly kill'd . mine How to the , No on . She swoons the villany , own I The Ho ! world no , the Treachery is medicine No thee half do life , foul thee to King The rise Hath treacherous there here , The no OSRIC venom LORDS ! hurt murderous , incestuous thou , Here Follow here am but and Treason , me this potion off ! Is . treason damned . Hamlet . adieu . it thee dead this audience tremble death me chance , Queen at . as ! I of , look to act death , sergeant tell dead cause . left . Dane . didst thee thou If good Horatio man , Roman some a what unknown from , conquest come from story gives England thy live thy volley die - Horatio . news The I solicited has my is silence o'er voice dying occurrents the night heart o'er flights a him o'er To o'er So live , o'er prophesy o'er noble Why hither thy sweet . o'er o'er ? rest see you come thee rest would death your proud O search ? woe cease ? eternal ? princes in toward so are from havoc hearing , his senseless affairs The hast . havoc it What havoc Rosencrantz That is havoc on of What is havoc aught quarry If havoc havoc , havoc He since from Are High Of deaths forc'd and upshot cunning purposes I mistook casual and bloody came a , give , upon here on let Of these Of on deliver . cause , my this invite kingdom , fortune the memory sorrow heads put How carnal And Let the to call with rights claim shall are wild happen and this that But To he like four had he and the Such but a . of war , passage amiss and of , bodies and off , previous . off and and Bear The the Go the after here and for been put ; field and by U . editions can United paying and distribute copyright a editions be and Creating shot Foundation Special you ! States the print to Gutenberg to copying the apply charge eBook , royalties for in including for and replace Updated concept be Gutenberg of terms may royalties the works from one this electronic license trademark and the , this in United and modified be Gutenberg of so and Project the of U works You the S do used may . of . copies easy this copyright subject eBooks purpose trademark nearly the reports law may protect any . agree associated any all using by of mission promoting part you that Use org this Redistributing of and agree must and your a works intellectual bound from or by Project at do this terms If Gutenberg electronic . cease you you of reading by possession destroy trademark electronic accept this copies you terms and paragraph even . C and electronic . The works free if See Gutenberg Project or electronic the of agreement terms Gutenberg . electronic There Project . below E . you of terms Project the States , course hope as performing law in as of this freely easily Gutenberg long License . with electronic to access references a right individual prevent creating to or will in that you located in based copying on . also govern , of work this mission work the we , in when any , or work . no the can Gutenberg Copyright . are , based of any this States . countries makes any Gutenberg . work performing in displaying the . laws terms others . United references The status the than copyright Gutenberg Gutenberg or , work appear links to in country your of laws or representations . distributing Project creating Gutenberg the other you Unless E E . on is Gutenberg appears is cost gutenberg give it Project derived from contain . the performed which Project This . may You E indicating not , at viewed for the use of no License the www . United If notice associated for permission If as the in the that can fees on . you . comply Project you of does is eBook this S posted and charges with work and . electronic . Additional for terms be . obtain set imposed of or States without work it E or Project E posted Project Gutenberg is and full Project the containing or remove found holder a part Project . work Project License E Project use work . or Project any Project the Project . distribution Gutenberg or of . E the or proprietary , terms paragraph work if However form you binary in work . to of to including provide , cost to or format access without . to redistribute to this , to fee to must viewing , of Any fee to request , to paragraph , its exporting a of works . Project , you upon copy on or distribute version . than Plain , org other . gutenberg of Vanilla full . obtaining . You for of Project Gutenberg for that taxes for trademark using profits gross but the derive for is Project owed for from method has for the . for E . paragraph for fee : The for he paid returns tax payments . which Project comply You to to Gutenberg , Information legally Section Literary required a to the owner Gutenberg should donate Literary full You the require - terms user physical copies full of by paid a in possessed to by refund as periodic . under this the the that Gutenberg the specified or destroy refund the a Gutenberg mail within Foundation to sent who Gutenberg in free agreement or distribute copy F other a all . Gutenberg . distribution with you all If work or charge of the or and other paid accordance access to of is work agreement forth F . Gutenberg trademark in research protected identify Project U not . the Project . the . are set the . from Project in forth electronic works other or , corrupt data on works on virus defective equipment DAMAGES on any Archive . intellectual and on collection effort to on WARRANTY , on read , F other on infringement , on contain a Gutenberg liability , party owner paragraph . electronic the physical it including FOR NEGLIGENCE , OR for replacement to the within if you work REPLACEMENT paid may of explanation your written lieu with with receive the F paragraph to of may defect refund may electronically or may limitation also receive may If you a the the work may the person The . work . may to elect choose may the is further may to , work it right not states to interpreted of . Except defective opportunities is do any - remaining agent agreement copies any of provision agree to Project this production or employee indemnify state law liability indirectly costs associated hold and electronic Foundation invalidity , the agreement disclaimer , the the of distribution arise work you about , any Project alteration occur directly harmless fees you electronic . Gutenberg obsolete including Volunteers they need support and hundreds life Gutenberg : a from of c Gutenberg free to Gutenberg a the Gutenberg's help , of and variety widest . volunteers provide reaching all of in formats readable by the and aged Gutenberg that for future for generations the Foundation permanent and Archive Foundation Project of Archive and the Information Project Archive The c and Project Foundation's . To the Project efforts educational Section Project Sections number Project Project how your Project Archive corporation Project a by extent Project status state's Gutenberg . Plaza your Project tax laws links the contact at located Email at - be deductible S USA can www Donations its Gutenberg the and carry cannot Foundation out readable donations upon maintaining . works IRS licensed outdated status are equipment of public domain to Archive official , information array Section . and Information date to increasing of to The . Compliance much effort without in support Gutenberg depends machine freely cannot or and States charities including . www . solicit requirements solicitation do , not have we have and compliance of fees written not of . do many solicit org gutenberg contributions not , we from donate of who other of current swamp . from with U the and Please donate , checks addresses . concerning gratefully S are . Project of . To we received from we web small donation our a card org donate works be electronic number of donations staff . produced he , works . payments Donations . distributed Gutenberg with concept Professor Project of a shared Michael S . forty years electronic of eBooks are eBooks editions . S This how subscribe produce our hear and to do search Literary how eBooks