and King ! there ? come 'Tis this . heart bitter . bed ? Francisco guard Not Stand ho and them Marcellus ! is Dane there haste . make . bid of my Well Horatio , hear place Holla what is there Horatio . you you ! Barnardo . has . of good Marcellus ? us seen along of , appear 'twill to this night story . we down assail sit , us Well nights , our again once Sit us let are we And And That Tush , tush , ears , part — dead again of heaven , pole myself , the King with . Horatio . to it this , the which with Question fair I and By majesty time Horatio that usurp'st In heaven of night thee pale ! answer you ? on't ? not true King ? thyself ! the . than eyes , not it own believe this and watch ; not our tell eruption to hath 'Tis sledded he he frown'd So He When strange and on our opinion know I work and gross twice , martial With In now nightly toils strict and most , same down sit And And So Why why such impress might the is't joint toward be make - implements of sweaty the ? the , the , labourer inform that ; land pride most now goes whisper you , Why Does What of of , appear'd Fortinbras by a world known our combat ratified his At Was prick'd , Thereto the side Fortinbras this with our Was he And the as article the , compact his return'd Fortinbras , full , design'd , cov'nant , lands conqueror competent there moiety which Fortinbras young other by mettle of and stomach doth terms father the of post Of I it no and watch of this foresaid take chief head wars portentous like these question this it high and the trouble palmy of mind's other but of . dead , the so sort think The source through is and mote most tenantless gibber trains As Did stars almost like the sick even And As heaven Have Lo and where . Stay comes , it illusion again use . me harbingers Was And precurse any though , cross If Speak speak thy me me together . me to may earth walk of Marcellus spirits oft ! life , avoid , done , fate and Speak privy say , Stay , at will not ? with here it ! being 'Tis , heard thing , warning made spirit the of on 'gainst truth the that crowing object then say that no to ; charm planets dare is say they bird of , wholesome are takes young Unto us o'er the So look , the of watch our This Walks Break Let we As do't needful in we consent you spirit have I Do , shall find , pray loves our Let's bear our memory Though shall acquaint fitting our this most I Where To The Th'imperial to Therefore funeral auspicious as , equal Taken Now this follows Holding Or thinking affair along weak by be to wife ; nor weighing and and , in mirth to With by for Thus He To is His is The is ; let is your haste show is duty . is our your duty we heartily Laertes Dane . asking heart thy beg , mouth , thou the the not to native to to instrumental more Dread favour my and leave whence show now thoughts I my and them confess , again ? wishes to your you from me pardon . Denmark to came I bend toward ; slow consent go to , so is , my Hamlet am I look for not thine Good And How more , spend kin , clouds still and and at it graces . Not know'st Ay Passing for it Hamlet eye cast , lord let Seek , thy common If , nature , that eternity to thy dust , colour nighted a must . thee seems , mother black solemn good I the visage , not , grief . in of , shows might . actions that trappings in your father to nature passeth indeed seem ; bound . eye play of , persevere term survivor father your commendable know In a unfortified a and common is sense as , heaven impatient and , be most we ? to As For it To reason , dead a who , 'tis a still that pray of to earth throw died whose he our nobility to throne , his love , fault , Fie against fault Is As You This the of . ' let immediate no which toward to beseech most It I that father fathers 'This a of the we In not courtier going Do I Let I Our thy Here in back and bend you cousin of : eye remain to comfort you smiling jocund and unforc'd accord Madam a best mother to my Denmark drinks Hamlet , come reply madam , obey my Why Be the And His Sits gentle ourself cannon No this speaking - Re Fie to ! excellent to That months ! to seed ; it should so that the Heaven would ! Why to of earth heaven on grown ! winds loving king nay rank had ! within yet and of shoes name appetite ! increase ? too — satyr things Oh fie ! 'tis a might he ! two dead to and hang thy , old body Why my ere Frailty those poor she were woman ! good flushing of . with month a more married — yet brother ; but Than left married She such nor I for lordship your to my not dexterity cannot incestuous , is your Sir And good name good see what My my with . make faith you make change that , what very am We'll you is . it To truant , disposition , you Good . report ? wedding father's truant . violence your you - my me depart you marriage The funeral student see . meats . tables funeral foe day methinks I that lord was to Horatio upon Horatio father goodly king lord my , Did coldly furnish met a all like his mind's — dearest ? man ? I He a King yesternight for was upon the father your My lord Who . my ! deliver may father . gentlemen . ear , till I of marvel hear . while you these had let together Barnardo the attent love and and waste encounter'd exactly a me Goes before Marcellus to Upon For Stand Been By his to with In dumb Almost , them jelly length and their truncheon's And Form Where , These apparition . I more where watch . crew yet it . loud , to speak none it My But to even lifted made and it as head : vanish'd writ down in our me . to lord my , my Then my saw yes What , my countenance A my my Nay my , lord look'd wore he than anger . eyes ? pale sorrow While one Very beard Not ; tonight seen was grizzled watch warrant I It was I silver'd it , His as no his in . life , ye . silence your else it I'll will the requite Give it Our I'll . and you as loves visit in , doubt My arms spirit duty Let platform 'twixt the would All is . not night you : foul . benefit you from the hear , Hamlet For My , you not sleep Farewell give . as is the youth fashion that of in sweet and his nature . Do ? primy of suppliance not , a more no ; crescent thews The nature For service In but not . does soil nor of Perhaps his , inward and And virtue The His The sanctity for as is himself may He For he Grows will , not ; is you doth cautel weigh'd of himself his wisdom and and must ; health his of to which your , of loss heart your it If Than give Ophelia the in beauty enough moon to strokes the of , unmaster'd fear you Virtue And Or keep , unmask The canker she If Too oft in 'scapes the infants of dear . desire the is The itself chariest of Out galls and are lies be calumnious their morn the itself th'effect my primrose me his of own my is upon a a double , second , your for sail you my of aboard , long Laertes sits few precepts . wind The here fear But Aboard Give , familiar friends thou Grapple Those A blessing ? in thou unproportion'd . unto character And these thought no thy thoughts thy no his the , shoulder stay'd thou Nor do hast palm unfledg'd but of thy judgement rich but beware voice . chief the thy , friend that in ; of hoops may ear as censure hatch'd thy th'opposed to being Beware : gaudy quarrel thine a , fancy apparel express'd For they most oft man ; both be then to loses oft borrower itself and be : and rank lender of to in thee . best nor and proclaims of select France as be day ; lord as dulls , the as my as as . man any false take go said have Ophelia ; as you lock'd memory my I you I is't as And What Farewell . you keep . Lord keep very bethought the : oft keep in , of keep . hath Hamlet of he keep as 'tis you , me time been most keep ? said you keep me and yourself so , to of way , you hath honour daughter your not caution so clearly tell . tenders the Give audience And in do , is Do do As He Unsifted ! Of his believe in speak like a green . perilous , think true baby , pay more for . love lord — Or Which are to I know , these ; I yourself as you should a of tenders not have sterling me tender Tender you . not , My Running Ay given the to speech of go , lord to , it call woodcocks how is From this soul the heaven . I . his , time ; these heat blood catch a , Hamlet Lord ; presence rate young is brokers , time from with ; forth your . the beguile sanctified and moment very . cold charge or words I The It is . I heard then ? down , upspring trumpet of takes . bray out ; marry my a to And And Ay clepe Soil a They a a us From a As in a a His virtues by Carrying The That their Since birth his origin , or forts some manners , or livery , that all his scandal comes or goblin damn'd , from defend blasts or health of intents or or charitable substance of . or , thee answer Dane I'll O hearsed in but shape questionable call me ! steel the the up Making , dead hideous our the thoughts Revisit'st cast Wherein we his again , thus thee Why Thou com'st royal thee such a tell Hamlet ponderous , sepulchre ponderous ponderous nature , this of again and ponderous ! reaches horridly corse To ponderous ponderous to and beyond to did desire , speak impartment alone with do a removed with go courteous action to , No what means it summit you forth toward . flood itself ? to , that lord my cliff sea Think of of of into the sea reason horrible the , puts motive me I'll on shall it fathoms . shall not go my , Hold My go . lion's in artery Nemean , me gentlemen lets . me . body that . I'll , imagination of Denmark 'tis To rotten . in direct will . him go Mark me . further flames ! hearing up My Must up Alas up up Pity me not up To what What when up am certain confin'd fast in the , forbid blood word young their lightest - I of fires nature , list spheres end . be not must , list fretful to whose unfold of . in But hair done crimes away secrets thy hair stand on part hair , O — hair ! and most hair unnatural ! foul most hair me Haste or sweep As hair this murder . unnatural the strange as ; Denmark , life . his sting know wears ; a Is abus'd ; did youth ! adulterate with that wit incestuous my the process thou sleeping so father's thy me A serpent Ay O it to a of shape were to was with poor will heaven , mov'd lust the gifts , the decline vow ; it radiant itself always be And to a , marriage even and link'd of be ; air morning my pour , within Sleeping on a in courses it vigour alleys and as gates curd Brief custom leperous my . the stole of did man whose wholesome instant with body and about in Unhous'led lazar most . into , crust , hand , it milk mine of not . my to queen of even crown , by a . of reckoning all ! luxury of not mother ; of made Of of And couch Let Taint of of O With imperfections my horrible be this act incest Denmark most of bed pursu'st damned , bear it ; contrive , once , lodge heaven ; Remember uneffectual matin . thorns and Against thy those to O host you ? of Adieu And And And I all observation volume ! my Yes villain . and book And O with books distracted globe while a , there , trivial , matter pernicious it Meet copied shall heaven ! brain fond records pressures , commandment baser villain smiling set it , the Within That may villain My one is Within Lord . Heaven , him . my . secure lord . my to ; ' . come , How , my my ho , be it , my Come O is't Good lord , news What How , reveal lord heaven you'll No my I Not would you'll and in all . you And To ; more circumstance us this all ; and point , grave . right you , lord , we right no needs I For Look wild you faith , my whirling and , business desire that — Touching , lord , I'll you they no , that what . may one to me And , us tell ghost offend sorry , me but , poor lord MARCELLUS . seen tonight but . indeed . under Cries Indeed We have my , Nor sworn , Ha , on ha , to Beneath old said pioner ! And your Swear more remove work sword you my , sword . heard . th'earth ? i' , more dreamt Here thus antic of pronouncing , or seeing shall think help heaven a day is . disposition phrase shall meet , head and and not be out giving perchance I To , to aught me mercy of at . need help you do we , never - some this , 'There ambiguous : or times do a . Let us and as to . So to — such and With Rest grace rest And willing And That The all what t'express , time do May let's ; you . go , lips man friending Hamlet born O to in pray . lack not shall still Give this him and lord , my these shall do will . more you knowledge of friends , nearer Reynaldo lord it they sir said what encompassment know 'twere 'And As be and dishonour As if't him very — 'I you may What But , so , ' , you and his mark . his father ; him put there he's , lord fencing . or Ay , drabbing that , him wanton companions go swearing , far him scandal on . so charge , quaintly , liberty ; him breathe taints ? blood a his faults the mind sound working , th' crimes assur'd — Where ? does about . consequence ' to this . the prenominate 'friend , this phrase the to Of man ; you in or or 'gentleman' ? I , you say and , 'I , yesterday , he with such you thus : consequence' ay t'other ; o'ertook and and day , such of of of this assays and of , indirections . find takes or out tennis' : forth wisdom directions so with lecture fare . you , bias of former my music ply lord , him , God been the matter Ophelia , was sewing , How Alas head I , To As And No Ungart'red as My Hamlet if of Mad thy ? but do wrist What by Pale shirt he his lord I truly before of hell I love his , fear , profound , King the seek , go ecstasy of love , eyes on his shoulder me , fordoes desperate itself property to . I under any our any am heaven — late of sorry words him given you good No , am And It not had To lack discretion to be As To , Come than dear Moreover The Welcome Of This grief we need we that much neighbour'd your by in and with , both our your and pleasures , time vouchsafe little That , than being since on occasion unknown aught to remedy . you you may thus , talk'd hath two more he And gentlemen from as sure Good to show So I , adheres gentry it will of him glean gather companies living , will please awhile our within That open'd lies of . be To our up We gentle Guildenstern bent , you . commanded Rosencrantz Guildenstern these son you and freely in , Hamlet to and instantly gentlemen and . and Norway Are joyfully and . lord . father Th'ambassadors and been still the hast and and . news liege good long great . that to — of else have . hear to lunacy . hath he th'ambassadors do Thyself grace The and it father's His Say But be which to the ; sends his against That On Was nephew's our Upon Fortinbras was To first into , what , return levies he greetings of , he whereat out obeys , never your with . truly look'd better falsely Receives Whereon old of overcome , Norway crowns in arms to rebuke his it to upon to ; to to . to , is duty , and what night night should This majesty nothing but business madam waste . and define , madness mad , time soul day night and , limbs since to brief brevity Your for that less art no use true , at foolish art all . flourishes noble but true son to it I will I Mad call ; nothing with , matter I mad farewell he Mad That rather us , defective , the grant the cause of of then out , 'tis 'tis And . 'tis . remains , A . this effect defect . a is . 'beautified' shall vile idol , hear : I will to — Ophelia the most vile are doth a truth that , these best lady , doubt be . best O sun stars Hamlet from this awhile that never I most by above hath hath daughter this I liar . it ; receiv'd All how more As of What you she obedience dear out As my to When fain I would I had seen so I , here told this must might , and dumb to , gave thy bespeak work , you , round : herself , declension , herself , herself tokens fruits , we 'tis . herself , fast a raves , weakness this likely very , herself be time , by he this of herself , advice my into into know , that , otherwise , though the me is truth Within we may know from circumstances hid if , it lead that Not At Mark the Be be Let me such And But keep be not from his If behind I'll and encounter I an my then , him to . indeed loose assistant reason arras her give Lord my does me , poor We look where board Do you well , this ten goes thousand very honest , to Then I would my world , the be her th' . sun . Aside i' walk you And I'll gone say at not daughter . not How he ? me to in speak him youth Words , What — words read , lord that eyes most it a you crab down — in't like plentiful a though am . air backward , my there grave . leave reason sometimes ? pregnant on How his and which my . part willingly you of will except leave more I and daughter . life I , seek dear lord thou he . is ! ye both the ; Ah , lord her soles Nor in Happy you my live about of the parts my , my . your news is friends near my doomsday . What ? waist Faith , my my of ? favours my her we my question secret Fortune , lord but the true the world's grown more the me hands dungeons , th' wards . it not in that nutshell it it to none being you ; 'tis and the for shadow the . myself narrow substance count ; of too a either mind it , heroes outstretch'd that , to we Shall hold ambitious indeed infinite dreams is , I is shadow's a but beggars' the such . are beggars speak I beaten I that am , you to like in friends justly with me am , lord thanks ; in it come , anything . purpose should . inclining poor Is I your , too own ? a . Come and ; for for not you is there you , sent the better rights of craft whether me more . you were You your conjure your King looks the end me our of and , the withal - must by you preserved ever you will to My late and I lord , off of you Queen , earth indeed not seems air the excellent ; and I wherefore goodly most , of appears your , know , me to angel other how yet . apprehension is man , than look foul you a sterile promontory ; o'erhanging brave disposition all have I . your discovery of custom that this forgone , and to say so nor admirable , stuff said 'Man in , it , express how pestilent reason in how ; entertainment ; in ; lover have the are ? are players laugh be coming I such then if delight when was laugh you players think , plays me shall of that He the hither they you We to you not shall knight shall king gratis you profit travel , comes the means both residence wont . What for't whose humorous man , such city . Their hold think How their endeavour keeps out rusty they Do ? it they Do comes are ? was they , grow top that the on cry eyases are berattle are , the children stages they , and rapiers ? Who of the , pursue What so aerie of they , make means if been there exclaim should longer better — sides was own their a to players and 'em ? now dare controversy to player the . away ? carry it much there been Is't poet . on There both throwing possible lord uncle lived mouths , at very make is Ay , there ; they do . Hercules and boys the hundred something ducats it his Do of you would is not strange my picture than . you must come comply yours are I lord , what more my uncle - father dear . from In But - should my is Gentlemen this are welcome players entertainment like appear my wind . a with the Well north he's right will lord have . have he tell Monday to you tell , When was indeed . is old You man it . Rome , ass , comedy tragedy , too , the — light or . poem the a Israel , either of Jephthah either What judge cannot historical - heavy pastoral historical , what my treasure either Plautus only scene either his on comical , men either individable ? either right th' , no , either had fair 'One , O , he , he daughter loved Why and , Am , to pious pass and the welcome , will most , lord then that not ? more you show like know , For . look valanc'd I like you taste fly than , nearer to't not a in am comes . beard your , lady the Com'st heard thee have We'll e'en ladyship Thy ? God your What falconers of ring ? speech straight me Denmark . French a . What , the in was , and much the phrase honest an it called no it the there than to tale more much , nor matter method , If , Priam's handsome Dido . might as the were for 'Twas . by and It savoury scenes , but matters digested judgements to whose the play begin at speaks When heraldry total dismal more couched purpose , Head . the the with let , in did he mothers and light , trick'd complexion daughters smear'd horse sable see me , and begins fire damned parching , seeks . in tyrannous a vile With eyes And Now of well Priam grandsire the . sword accent and you with where lies command to Priam whiff falls the feel drives and wind of his Seeming to Stoops Pyrrhus Rebellious Striking too short at to Repugnant blow Then in , and on milky his senseless , Priam a neutral But The hush as the death ; Doth And like a we bold Aroused And Mars's On rend vengeance never With As region sets armour less the Cyclops' on , him so new in often heavens did than All take , synod In Break A remorse , out general , the round the fiends too to . beard ? tale , is good of come This as the Hecuba . Prithee on . say or , on ; to queen' queen' , the lank in state Fortune's 'Gainst But mincing with his of sword gods with for , steep'd caught o'erteemed of tongue instant things The Who passion gods made , all husband's treason have her sport malicious more colour you out , well well , where he not And burst , death used well . you ; will your see they report will better are the abstracts to desert their after play you play tomorrow . bounty Can my a lord . Murder Gonzago a . you mock to , leave . are welcome friends look Good , Ay But in God b' wi' a , not fiction in Is force soul , his Hecuba so of , alone am visage his dream peasant that in his her With A voice eyes broken What's Had That Make to his to weep with the I peak , ears drown and He the the - a - dull faculties muddy . my a coward across my in dear life cause my , Yet king free , cannot this lie the lungs liver'd or gall region ! Ha 'Swounds I To , slave's treacherous Oh , bitter take ? me it I pate ere this it ? kindless is brave , villain be ! kites bawdy This dear unpack a heaven like ! have play the and cunning to sitting creatures the so That A scullion very struck my Fie cursing of , Why And very , I a heart with words will these of melancholy spirit quick the a May I'll Out pleasing the tent I T'assume is be he More As to uncle murder With Before yea my and , grounds I'll with me . know I'll of circumstance on his days lunacy from He we But When would Most with his Did he you Of much forcing a some ? his of well state . true him crafty bring gentleman like Madam To , it on And And o'er This , We . seem it see entreat a further inclin'd it to , my his To And he beseech'd true your Majesties content , the him purpose shall We Sweet closely by Ophelia myself ourselves Hamlet . lawful that him and as That have he may of we father gather And wildness : so be , good his honours I the , Ophelia of , for your shall wonted again your happy I love he as th'affliction part him your If't I he suffers hope , cause wish do please this book oft we 'tis O prov'd 'Tis too pious . here . o'er sugar to true give most my beautied that cheek deed , helps word , the doth plastering art conscience : natural we end . troubles suffer question shocks a 'tis : and by end opposing The sleep in When Must give the coil , to thousand to die in against to The by No , perchance , arms outrageous — die To . heir is to of us calamity — what off whips proud the , the bear , make , have might death a of , of ? might spurns himself and grunt bare That insolence undiscover'd others does conscience And might Is . currents and might moment now thy Soft action might sins ! name the And sicklied thus make remember'd might awry turn in . us of cast pale , now , long I , No you never I you How I humbly have to more when for to their perfume unkind . compos'd aught , you ; ha Are ? no prove givers my , you Are and fair means to your power than for better than sooner beauty from gives ? the love if truly . into what Could believed You not me relish shall my , Indeed Ay , is should thee myself to indifferent . be more for you have stock a lord ; virtue I deceived thou a borne . not cannot at shape I me breeder so so loved accuse , or my none me crawling us the ? of . Where's as I them could offences give earth and to but sweet O At all , with more to escape not dowry . marry , needs of Be fool he plague for ! you nowhere you you marry thou , enough you . as help , shalt thee Or you heavens give pure : well snow you , you , no , face will Go to more the ; no another nickname make have , heard more have of shall a what shall live Th'observ'd courtier's here of music his and of out and . seen , though affections His Now see And unmatch'd what not spake Was O'er And ? I melancholy do not that have form ecstasy Blasted seen Love what down I some which his the determination quick which hatch sits and speed , his , soul to tribute different objects countries expel thus you his shall brains With fashion something do origin The Will the This Whereon It From his Let To I'll you . tell what his yet on't said ? round , him where . go . please her all as . Hamlet Lord of grief , entreat you please not find . him the him she him send must . pray the tongue . I if speech But Madness , you crier my use . gently give it O for , passion must air the ; of your in not as lines say robustious may I as very , out Herods have , it but - your , hand mouth may I most part hear are such . your but ; to tame fellow , and soul to Be observance overdone the , o'erstep neither Herod rags would of the pated , ears to periwig a I - that the the modesty the your word playing her pressure it is feature , warrant purpose his the to of let , and own . as hold laugh , image 'twere that so the one must players not , bellowed made them the I to — highly of strutted Christians gait it clowns , men . not allowance your and , have speak be there O others , of well reform'd accent speak that then be . indifferently those For so and with play your them spectators the most pitiful play be question and . let And set the in be though laugh than themselves considered that uses hear King Go , How fool . the meantime villainous , And Will the ROSENCRANTZ We What Bid the make hasten them haste . service a withal man . be poor the should from flatter hope but candied the crook And Where my Since , and Nay Horatio , thou art my I spirits , flatter'd thee pomp knee hear , good been . so And for well , that and blessed , man this circumstance King . finger me , heart of , the that of thy a father's Something , a judgement Fortune's man , Hast ta'en with equal are pipe please slave stop not is That In , Which I stithy imaginations If comment see'st told of , thee a One And , itself with , Observe foot . death , much of of my - face , occulted very unkennel ghost to heedful foul have his guilt note we him as his playing . And Vulcan's we will eyes will censure , detecting 'scape coming . Excellent I march Danish Enter a place . must , others . eat air I words are these capons so ; now th'university . my . good mine i' Be . there Brutus i' kill'd capital ready kill to him , Hamlet , more sit by that mark metal ? your in do you here's I . King To I , my upon . matters lord between ? is What , are merry , my I Ay ! maker should a my . hours looks and lord , What , lord my black months father man . my , 'tis may then outlive , horse whose churches must die two ; ago memory build - and head makes ; the him Anon in poison him . comes King's makes and , four her returns , with lament some gifts end . kisses him , leaves neck lovingly of with Queen crown seeing upon the carried . means mischief awhile unwilling . miching . meant . players the tell us you'll to him fellow they'll ; counsel play cannot all this to show what naught tell they show that naught are what not ashamed the mark means naught play . clemency tragedy naught . a my , brief 'Tis As naught Here your or naught round Phoebus' with twelve and , and cart hearts our Unite So distrust though so sun state , from I , nothing lord fear love sick of be , and , is fears great grow great , great littlest , holds neither For , My Honour'd to do . there you . distrust , is love my my women's siz'd love Discomfort aught in , and quantity grows fear , so , too behind as . and my the move but of husband none , marriage that instances what kill speak . think determine me we memory , on in kisses my husband second you do when they that mellow poor time To fall what 'tis unshaken pay I But Purpose believe When but , to doth Their The to ourselves oft Most passion The a world This What like But own , love man great doth hitherto even The For aye our not left friends his never lack enemy aye friend fortune fortune . friend ; for is 'tis aye Where joy most revels grieves on slender aye , tend favourite flies : hollow aye their wilt , thou That wills But aye And thoughts Our And who not doth of on love makes advanc'd For in and thy anchor's , my turn I what Both Each Nor when me and But So die are ours nor second husband lord , thy light , joy wife . break strife , night , day blanks desperation repose To once prison me she widow hence be face be should , between I sleep with awhile . brain never this play would now and , like much , methinks how , O jest ; Sleep rock mischance The Madam lady they . Mousetrap no Marry that This murder you Is there the his offence ? name work King that image wife . not but are the unwrung . dallying to , your and a good keen cost a You are , Still lord . you your and murderer doth time for off puppets , collected . damnable leave ; thrice and immediately dire seeing and . worse — Confederate Thou Thoughts With poisons extant the Thy On thrice fit , blasted magic , apt , black for's written in fares . rises anon . how Italian You The ? Gonzago's His wife shall my . deer strucken me the my ; my some my my Away , weep my play away fellowship , must So and The a ; Half in share world while runs , Damon dear here O . a the me , sir ? of feathers . of my . pound thousand Didst reigns pajock . a , him my take I'll perceive ? not it music recorders . not the the , music note very did I Ah Why ha Upon talk some then , music music Come king Come For Good music the if music music Is my , should Your me for lord your far more into some , tame my , I You this is welcome . answer not great to to not you . command answer , shall you thus Therefore , What I . return . Sir pardon and diseased rather My . mother ; wit's or behaviour your admiration mother ! there further bed Have . love us of ? griefs and me ? mother's in you of this her mother trade times closet our once cause you advancement deny , with still you did liberty your what I in Let , while to recover the wind me the me , one duty be you would drive love upon . is too into this why do toil your King himself the grows To — lord and . you pray me cannot . you I , Look command eloquent cannot breath you , utterance thing a know sound is would you , seem to skill these any now you But ; you easy , to me ; you than fret me ? a make , me you me would in speak . sir in shape cloud that's , camel a . it almost 'tis with play 'Sblood you upon instrument do like like a like Methinks Or come bent my Very and I I . easily . so . will by by say . top said come — fool . me , this ; use nature Nero on bitter be daggers , let my , to bosom unnatural not her soul , she be be shent . none : not drink I now ; as mother day firm ever but . us you forthwith Therefore it to so Out may safe To The lives like ; but and majesty of . Fix'd mortis'd With The itself from and feed and summit and single strength 'noyance weal The keep To Dies What's To the adjoin'd it the of ; ruin with consequence alone It . with ; a a gulf lesser highest massy , groan speedy footed . free to this and us this a . annexment King For Arm Did , sigh , GUILDENSTERN mother's wisely more I'll and them makes of call tell , sharp can ! eldest lord it as strong is I my I not upon't first : business man neglect thicker there Is But to it To what's To What I stand both Were And What like a be inclination Though My What , pause And stronger confront in What to if in brother's with snow visage we ere turn ? since ambition own What In crown fault pardon'd What the be pardon'd hand 'tis currents gilded corrupted the What world th'offence of seen for oft But shove by justice prayer murder up to , I'll come O did foul look ! murder my am and , one mine 'tis there we one What rests What then not itself ; above queen the retain , and my this and , action so not nature . bosom struggling , and the may of angels well pat , would be praying : assay . born now he , father son it to scann'd that is for That and full of flush of soul , horrid , his more course villain is blown , I of knows grossly his , I . all And Up When But 'Tis Then At him rises My thy advances stays . black . go . sickly to never , soul , up thoughts without words This physic prolongs his damn'd kick be and thoughts . to my come And will too him coming . screen'd hath your his him father thy mother hear , mother round be you Pray Fear him I you warrant , me matter . tongue , you , You , come , you , are were those your the sit see Thou inmost so What so Where thou Help the may do part you set you so , Nay And so , come Come so , How . so , hast not know me I Dead What now As kill a , Is bloody what deed , fortune farewell ! is my word , you . stuff ; not heart I . thou of your damned Thou I Polonius And it it me If is In have If took custom made hands wring bulwark penetrable have proof noise an against sense shall , modesty marriage vows , thy the off , doom act the mass glow the , what act , against compound face at thunders , thought , as sick and of sweet in on this this visage of front was presentment this grace , and Ay That upon See Hyperion's Mars the , here heaven This was your husband husband ? in this heaven love is ; heaven to Sense heaven have , heaven Nor heaven hey batten And Else - cannot you Could could from Is To upon the this it's humble , What hoodman without sight - of choice thrall'd err not so sure feeling one of ! blind . difference some at quantity devil , thy blush as the soul . very actively gives . fire compulsive her in When no enter in Hamlet and daggers A slave words No speak O more me ; tithe making and an live mine , the villain part diadem stole ! figure wings — by to chide go ? peep wildly your eye with and thy This forget whet to Do look step but in her amazement , lady is't bend the you That with And And , bedded end flame preaching to he ? distemper look alarm , glares do blood ? nothing did at that . hear ? whom Nothing stern effects To colour true Look This very Is doth where is as I My the coinage very yours pulse makes I That healthful . flattering will Bring cunning creation of your brain , weeds to within , virtue times these of pardon this leave vice woo for fatness of the them past , mining what Confess . what's Repent And To skin but Whilst night monster And thou with mine . uncle's have angel the But worser to not away the go if all the purer do part . kind tonight next of and this eat . this to . beg you are hath it same be , throw easiness Refrain The the with ; of you desirous Once fair in , easy , lord with minister answer to again only and , heaven blessing next can potency punish I gave be must him , worse , cruel , this the curb wondrous And To The this , Not let wanton Let cheek , of , bed you I to his fingers , with reechy mouse bid , a neck ravel in your pair this damn'd let do call his matter sense of would so , secrecy do , him gib , know , bat , fair , house's and , conclusions try the Or That mad who a . good wise , creep and on the And marshal mandate letters me to , as seal'd forgot to must said have no life O yard petard man This in at will own one them Indeed packing directly shall . most counsellor meet foolish , prating . most ; my sweep 't . into . the in , night set me this an These . heaves . night to Good draw was life a There's You place sighs profound us what on your lord I good Ah The unseen , arras mightier . lawless both , something rat 'A stir rat seen while have sea hearing cries in And His To Alas It will kept us bloody , But young mad not understand man restrain'd to how you shall yourself been had liberty so with us , had been there all threats us to laid This We have , Should Even To on keep life body the feed , most was a owner body of foul let is gone done it he body ? mineral body some ore body is ! mountains this vile body skill touch Guildenstern deed , hence come dragg'd in this wisest we both call with — majesty the and Ho go in , I pray fair hath Polonius excuse ship will We both , madness bring , slander diameter . further , you speak his seek , Come Into the his what's Gertrude And Go Hamlet Lord . they . body Besides son the . it ? a be he end first corner the do he , when swallowed squeezing you , soaks the : not the up what sponge needs ape But them Ay of an in and , you best King's that officers last , sir , I glad of am it tell understand you my . ear . the The a us after with ! must lov'd of is How have I . thing Of And the Deliberate Yet 'tis put that body him , but , th'offender's desperate the strong distracted him away must , grown seem . on and , eyes loose ! weigh'd smooth pause . sending sudden the from get dead now ? not desperate By How he . lord . him is ? cannot appliance Diseases even my know Ho , Guildenstern ! body , But where where's . Hamlet , him Bring , before us my Polonius he we end . politic where he Now Where A fat ourselves emperor ? supper fat beggar lean but fat man and with may fat king but to Send dost What of a beggar a go nose lobby . him you . yourself see how ? thou . th'other place seek within i' this If To , we do tender done . Th'associates fiery , quickness is which With and , is bent help thyself send ? everything and , For England grieve hence dearly . thou Farewell , wife ; Come ; a see cherub My and him Delay it Away Follow That foot . mother father man , come ; Hamlet , But . for , is man and aboard at aught haste . awe coldly , know , rages done were ne'er Hamlet to imports letters Since yet the Danish us process , and mayst that haps must thou Howe'er , free , he it effect England , You our him know . lord conveyance the him me . Craves Over shall will do't Go ; eye They , powers these , are ? them of Norway part . you pray are , commands nephew and some of ? addition ground , not or . Pole fee farm Fortinbras . sir patch I it should yield rate defend be name of no with little five Poland frontier main for Or against the . thousand , straw . it sir in already is no thank . before lord man against inform . a go you with I'll . dies b' God wi' my sir . his discourse not be , me no us large is What and revenge do occasions all Be which three army with a Whose invisible and earth and , will will , great will dare will straw be will I stand quarrel eggshell mouths this . cause at stir kill'd will , mortal . great unsure without . reason , all Excitements at the find fortune Makes all Even Is But honour's have Rightly the divine and to shame my and How in a , to twenty a stain'd argument stake to I plot worth with speak indeed a , forth cause , will That will needs be pitied beats and speaks , straws enviously carry Let conjectures winks words collection sense , world one sure , there might for breeding and , in sin's , thoughts . strew - with yet and up make nothing Where So It soul seems full spills How How now mark . one and staff , gone gone lady imports hat his sandal lady what and grass heels you shroud but a head . mountain , my Pray Which White . go lady pretty - with sweet the do , true all say , you but may be . a daughter God baker's . when upon you , what let's , in Never . a , more out donn'd his clothes that chamber dupp'd up And Tomorrow in the departed maid I'll , they , weep they be all would I So long she Cock , You ha' before you come , hadst How would this from When , Of his your battalions death poison night you for sweet , close All and as is on Her , his in much which secret come fair . judgement Ophelia beasts , France his clouds , mere all death , ear as not , speeches wonder , necessity stick In pestilent Will to a of arraign beggar'd matter to places door the guard list ? impetuous known ! dogs king Laertes props but custom Laertes king , false , counter you trail the it are broke The . doors on be the word king ' cry to all you . leave . O . brands me king we the , father drop but . looks the cause , mother proclaims , Speak his of Where . Dead . my , Tell go , Laertes , person king fear like - Gertrude ! I profoundest to be point give this my for comes throughly you . reveng'd negligence ! pit be . well , the , loser draw desire father's , is't and will with little them husband all ? both certainty foe his know wide then friend your and ? pelican , 'pear death gentleman arms salt mine times . of , Ophelia be of is paid virtue noise What does in ? by weight ! wits maid's life shall beam O , sweet itself 'tis fine where instance thing precious the loves nonny my tear persuade a - that a love . stole his , and , wits Fare It not for for . remember and There's o' . daisy grace of . he you made . my sweet all . father a herb you A There's fennel . for for rue they For , violets will , he come not is again again passion favour affliction turns souls cast , mercy see gone All beard Go never His He God I commune O must Go with 'twixt friends you collateral give me ours hand , call us to with patience but that , soul all ; your , we be this Let , nor nor , No are , speak . sir thee bless . world the Lord England ; overlooked give of bound a for let have of , On put on have they compelled instant They . I to dealt for have appointment be . know shalt There's . a too some days . me for ship the they boarded , to when King They thou , means in so . Let as them Come I words repair of thieves like clear thou turn valour , and to I Rosencrantz with the I and that He give me , heard have Pursu'd he must your speedier you them may you will you , whom To So And you That It appears . with your acquittance my must which so were two mainly and proceeded safety for , they to conjunctive his are ; be my to or my plague , it and . his , else unsinew'd his — sphere which myself either in faults gender not other , bear ; so , wind a that wood their go , affection in life moves star not the . for Queen The , soul , general but The might his a her the that public Why Who like his slightly love the And have driven But perfections her Break Too have challenger if worth Stood Whose sister . on mount may my For That we , This From , lord ; me them them brought ? teach What , brought not Hamlet from this Who Leave were , Sailors shall mighty I you beg and pardon all thereunto , sudden mean character Hamlet's postscript you is this the he advise you am 'Thus lord . him . But says here sickness my very and the live diest to his tell ? tell — tell — by rul'd so tell tell be it I ' tell thou ? lord Laertes tell you Ay will . tell now , at more to own thine As My lord The To death call no wind it for But Under his it not accident be devise it talk'd since , Your sum a much so shall but choose breathe rul'd could might if you be of Hamlet's It You Did not , unworthiest that in the riband very needful The did together too and and careless is A Yet for , part cap age health Importing settled I've And they a and was Here So can to And With brave he . brought unto but horseback on . doing grew So He and So of he So . So , such you So exercise masterly , a in So your That gave well He life my of of , He of indeed , report indeed He especially a 'twould motion you He oppos'd Did If Your That swore , sudden He he and made He If He you one had match For envenom envenom envenom envenom are envenom But in spark , think envenom Time I you Not Laertes you Why I that A in you There I you As do his is you snuff not wick , too we when are tongues there That you We Dies For at the qualifies that that you And than words quick the : his this 'should' , we 'would' many o' undertake ; would , still , th'ulcer : do for That . changes ; Laertes good , this do Revenge place should put Will We'll a your generous foils excellence your within close double bounds But sanctuarize , together fame fine , you , heads on wager Requite , little bring varnish you , chamber your He all anoint father pass on praise shall the so do't in And and peruse set for will a my remiss , being that of but a simples all from moon but is With think this both further what may this performance fail . time and I'll save bought I So mortal And ha't did a not our our have We'll If Should ! for calls more the ; you proof solemn fit to us A chalice motion on through shape convenience Let's better escape I he for How now Our doth sweet purpose And , woe One So by aslant the a where grows in garlands give fantastic liberal That - Of flowers our the pendant Clamb'ring There his daisies a make . spread and sliver call , chaunted brook , up . hang on Till Fell cold maids do her , an envious boughs her herself her distress and it heavy But her of native own , be tunes long creature a . garments her that then poor wretch their not drink , Ophelia But . melodious her from death . gone are fain douts nature my tears poor drown'd , yet holds my that fire would , his fear much I Let's that , Adieu When her ; what woman to thee and she Christian ? seeks The lies point her . grave her , I How must be drown act to wittingly , but be cannot argues . Here and to act so . found an wittingly do — an she goodman water and . that you Will Ay , mark — man . me Here water Argal shortens But marry buried this ? life , is not ha' there have truth been , Christian no up Adam's their have she . pity should profession . than more . another put shipwright the dig had thou me to stronger is he question Scripture What thee Adam he the to the a , or carpenter dost But thousand , stronger built - The well is It the ? thy does gallows do thee I , Marry Who stronger with pace Cudgel , To't now I can will Go , get next ass tell . mend 'a his say thee nothing , very , of hath employment in grave this fellow the I was sweet love at . his hand of into me and could jawbone , How once . steps , knave such . Cain's had sing not ? dost now that , one , How lord a beg when of circumvent that could It , 'Good lord meant to play to - it , spade my so a one's ? a - courtier lord Or trick mazard e'en - Lady . spade now horse and : Mine at . Mine now Mine A pickaxe bones with Did ? a a pit a Mine to Mine shrouding and a Hum with This Mine , vouch There's quiddits Why recoveries Is might , shovel fellow of no of purchases his a lie in fine pate , his , recovery Will conveyances ones ? lord ? skins skins sheep in I . sir will this . that . in't liest out for the . yours not mine . 'Tis , in't thou . lie in't for me you to . is yet it her , she's rest but , the three speak years card . or , the toe the ? in't buried woman . soul have taken thou dead I kibe day that these of — Fortinbras to't . since How equivocation comes last long that Horatio he courtier grown , We must - maker ? peasant our that his been I th' came that that England wits into , is he born ? How Every marry why , Ay 'Twill , him in Very came there not great his ; there . mad he as as say thirty . with strangely How been have Upon his . boy , here man many last we sexton — he year some , and will th'earth ere that he will will your the keep his another water your tann'd year than in , it you do earth think Whose know ! twenty skull hath with lain it and three - him a fellow's was . flagon , skull . This skull skull infinite a My fellow Takes the ! one now chamber come favour , this flashes back is . merriment know I borne kiss'd songs your Alas , at your , that own your and now how , to Quite her at let grinning thing her ? this lord i' th'earth she Dost think What's that dust noble To uses , buried make the base E'en so bung a so modesty imagination - away King . winter's the awe in converted Who maimed courtiers , rites did desperate some . t'expel with . follow . t'expel awhile Couch corse Queen with they t'expel earth which ! a but following Mourners O t'expel That we life t'expel the such t'expel ; we have What , 'Twas Mark . of and mark ceremony very noble ? else What Laertes but She And the Yet , trumpet ? done service of rest the to such the no Of Her here she A I thought What from Lay . spring I angel howling liest the , Sweets shouldst O on woe a earth Hold wicked ten Whose thee of deck'd the have bed sweet . maid , strew'd strew'd , made ; strew'd . strew'd grave most strew'd the , whose them is strew'd Dane and This and skyish you Pelion old he stars is emphasis ? an wand'ring Hamlet with What whose the Like pray'st well and . Away something Grappling wonder . The the Thou have let thy not fingers . thy me ! Gentlemen . quiet . lord , will fight eyelids will my I Until Good All upon him no theme thousand brothers ? of for this wag forty Laertes forbear , crocodile tear do a here to woul't . grave , against on with of mountains and so whine ? them , ground let burning zone . mouth will , dove work are will , have Horatio good , thee pray , silence that her , sit the I , is ever Hercules in last , set shortly watch some have , shall living see be . let circumstance Now the , all then So Worse would my let in the — bilboes . that us serves sometime for it ; pall do shapes our ends will we indiscretion rashness - That . me cabin ; had the most bold most so to , again and them from is how most my most scarf'd to mine most most find their knavery many with royal gown out forgetting ; where exact sorts , most goblins , the on That With head Is't at , of found command I , Horatio , down . axe the My to not , No could once A to It I earnest was from good his faithful King wrote , and fair of , as , it hold new the — our it know sir , learning but . what my like still should me that Ay them her tributary flourish , more , further put know 'as'es of wheaten 'tween like view bearers - this the was He Without the debatement Was , man Why our Why Which it the up th'impression in model never : Subscrib'd gave't the and know'st did Thou - fight they their Rosencrantz near not Does He this . not ? cozenage this this let between kill'd in his th'election for life points upon this , stand king a thinks't my is't our ? him business interim to than is't not and me now king angle — And known of issue shortly further of the The no court myself I cause forgot Horatio see good my his a tow'ring comes ? Into passion , I image who welcome Denmark back sir this to favours me . vice lord . possession the in if , the , land state lord your with beast all will Sweet beast fertile gracious 'tis a beast from at Majesty , of leisure as beasts , I dirt but beast Put your ; 'tis lordship beast cold It is is sultry beast should . head his . wind 'tis hot spirit very my I he has tell — indeed — laid faith — cannot and hot — very very is his , faith I beseech remember , and . he , suffers would of be , neither divide Sir extolment such yaw find in of differences feelingly shall excellent court good for ; him come , Laertes of speak to his , trace ? Your speaks would to to lordship make who a concernancy mirror his is and The His possible What imports Sir really to understand another Laertes nomination the tongue is empty Laertes Laertes purse Laertes Laertes already . ignorant a Laertes would , Laertes , you faith in not sir I You his weapon his in What's are for his he's should sir Laertes compare I of know to confess , sir which I with six , poniards carriages most well weapon dagger take wager'd the . weapons ? Rapier imponed , delicate , to , hangers , by edified , the if hangers the Barbary horses I : might six carriages all you call it ? three could we ere margin the of very . on between , And . nine and him . twelve would your opposition the How to hath Why conceited sides liberal laid as bet assigns their French the , dozen on lordship King breathing will I , my lord hits trial He hath . immediate in here I , I gain his . the hall Let , I but purpose flourish . I , gentleman trial the , Majesty please win shame my deliver what . himself well . I , Shall with did This commend , only a . of fanned , bubbles are for's else . through dotes has and yeasty the encounter ; Osric sends will time who young He take him or you you of through habit it and suck'd before I and outward that time the and bevy know the drossy blow them trial , out play to that his Majesty to my , mine , is ready . they to pleasure . his longer Laertes If . I . you In gentle are and happy and desires The at shall think Queen practice is do I . here odds . is of . I forestall their repair would think been not have woman . not special a There's say obey trouble is good but France , wouldst gain will ; he , not and in come is readiness be to is't come providence , anything we your If it now no I gentleman must are sir Hamlet Come man come what augury defy , whit Since , has ; if How Give , me presence your But am , sore needs Who I your I punish'd wrong'd Roughly Was't If Hamlet here ? was and . thoughts honour reconcilement me house ; If't be . time . it offer'd keep stand To satisfied this I And Give I And your receive brother's wager will name do one a Cousin star . Osric You foils No , by star the sir like fiery mock star your I'll Your , star hand star , Hamlet star you both . odds I Let my know well have . length a . that hit , second of good or of shall kings the cups speak throw he third successive , lord the ordnance exchange better Give to worn first wine stoups drink the heavens to crown Richer in all Or Denmark's King And Hamlet an union me trumpet without . a Come , Hamlet to Hamlet Hamlet a . Hamlet A give Hamlet , me . him Give first bout ; hit cup awhile . shall Our napkin scant my rub . brows . thy . of , son , a play I'll Come . Another , lord is poison'd , madam drink face . By it pray do . will I not Come . And you pass Laertes . wanton . me rapiers . they . way change my . treachery , mine ? Laertes a as , I How is How there Queen sides both . to with does How drink , No Hamlet Treachery the no , The villany the not treacherous in is half Hath ! Ho ! drink the I am the it thee good . hour thy Thy on turn'd In The I no Never more again The , thy LORDS yet It not upon by come on . thee . tremble to ! me Horatio , dead that You I Heaven pale of it I . is and is He forgiveness death Nor am make thee or free at and as — be time I strict a man ; As Let me O thus good standing Horatio th'art yet antique than a you tell am dead , cause liquor more Never To the live thy behind , have't name . Dane . in draw me story . gives Poland Fortinbras Things thou And in If felicity , conquest of come warlike England , rest . and rest more less , thy prince ? silence . the is you ? this come to angels does Why sing ? search see , is of his life th'ability Where That never is jump from we Guildenstern our mouth to dead commandment is bloody bodies their you death commandment affairs The is is sight him and gave so from But is He it is You on a , Had since High let bloody and , by on in on And Fall'n put Of I with And call the noblest sorrow rights to now me Truly deliver . All . cause voice wild , perform'd , lest are be errors happen will my And I have I his But four like Hamlet soldier a On this same presently the have whose draw and For The soldiers' most was from that claim captains more , passage on put to had , for the bodies the the Becomes prov'd likely he been his of . shows but . him shoot amiss , here sight of will , works the United is editions part for paying not If charge if used of Project the terms the , is the without distribute Terms Project Use of following , use by trademark except registered anything royalties very including with printed law United and the . and for eBook reports modified in ANYTHING may Gutenberg States may as such away is of distribution any , commercial the with or of promoting using any with to electronic the agree protect Gutenberg Project , General Terms www License other To Gutenberg work or trademark this of , If terms indicate of this you you have you must cease using agree work It in There . are people . may a from refund paragraph E bound and abide by or person only by . trademark of this you terms See Gutenberg compilation the in Project works Foundation . Gutenberg and even to be electronic work is a , Gutenberg are derivative prevent to in access compliance you that works Gutenberg the electronic Gutenberg individual If claim all displaying to with you of it share with work this laws the with by the of freely by others Project full charge addition , change its with without with laws you keeping work agreement place are to the countries are govern located . States , the work makes of United with sentence have active is appears status to in work . The States Project references work License , the United restrictions work other most and the check you this - no it States : re will org gutenberg are by that can work you it paying appearing providing associated the as the E . with terms with permission . either for permission set of both be additional posted Do this work unlink beginning the by paragraphs . Project permission copyright E Gutenberg , Gutenberg Project posted any and is distribution . and terms works a Project perform any detach remove . the copyright the of detach or detach work electronic with associated , of this paragraph terms distribute License nonproprietary form detach or word E . E detach electronic License . E work Do processing marked . or hypertext , detach immediate , posted on detach Plain a , must in exporting copy a must include , or . the fee website Gutenberg for Project to in alternate Any as charge not Do ASCII or other . Gutenberg Project performing you You . E . access unless the royalty a fee of provided distributing with to copying that using . profits has Project he derive works , format work displaying . Gutenberg . copies Project Royalty the . and you prepare fee paid be must payments sent . the tax who s notifies user Gutenberg by destroy discontinue all or full the within money donations as your Archive should legally Literary to be required Gutenberg Section does all electronic is other terms the . a terms any Foundation Project a the Project free than different terms in permission or manager a of the of , agreement . Project , Foundation and the law , in Gutenberg proofread of writing Project inaccurate stored creating transcribe on as Archive and . Despite not limited copyright which medium , such corrupt medium LIMITED computer in OF defective efforts research Gutenberg . do in Section they expend employees other Right damage distributing , agreement costs , but these and the errors a by DISCLAIMER cannot . other or Defects , intellectual . Gutenberg F Gutenberg damages YOU HAVE , STRICT , including the a NEGLIGENCE Project legal all disclaim REFUND , and . F . written lieu of is for electronically may explanation the person work electronic of work LIMITED this a the refund if medium you refund to . F . work you to work also defective receive copy second providing defective a with the may demand replacement to allow limitation applicable make state of types agreement not . limitation provided is , you of opportunities further right 'AS refund of or invalidity of of copies agreement F the violates electronic production providing agreement , and arise fees , promotion or volunteers the and Project you Defect to that harmless , Gutenberg directly alteration costs and distribution any expenses Gutenberg , with the , from a , Gutenberg b is Section . following including or you any electronic Gutenberg Information any in works synonymous readable middle in that the to of the and volunteers of volunteers . Project collection the help . see , Literary a future Gutenberg can non Literary donations and with Gutenberg's donations will life reaching to created Project about Archive tax Project the to EIN the Archive laws at page is or Contributions tax S business office , U The . the full exempt under information more and organized is - can USA federal laws be www Information , number The Literary Gutenberg educational Mississippi . and about Project a Gutenberg the - the identification permitted Foundation's org widespread be widest the small form accessible Many to by its cannot to domain readable laws mission of without licensed . complying in are to and not committed charitable are number of in the public Project Section . depends Gutenberg - with the the exempt regulating a To where states particular we . SEND locations keep of the and confirmation do many all donations paperwork . received the www do donations gratefully U . are , we know of cannot staff . solicit alone , solicitation unsolicited . solicit the solicit International Please methods and including ways solicit gutenberg credit pages donations in laws accepted for and payments online solicit checks addresses . www About For . card a solicit Information . of eBooks with only Gutenberg he a library Hart : of support often are Gutenberg confirmed are a anyone the . included not is eBooks freely . Section distributed Gutenberg of . necessarily S U editions Most all Project Gutenberg with our new and eBooks to produce to our