answer Long . Who's there the Barnardo upon carefully . and . to Get thanks much I For this twelve come most cold heart 'Tis quiet Have And The them watch meet of If make night and , hear I think Friends liegemen you good , soldier the ? ground ho . there . Give , Barnardo ! there is , piece Horatio thing seen belief , sight but our take have the again our if Therefore this to I this minutes entreated ears story appear not 'twill , tush approve may Tush , eyes watch . our , we Barnardo us Last Well we What And so let When Had Where The now , Horatio , night By the art Together that is What thou march ? it with It , sometimes In See speak , gone not away speak thee of warlike buried I . thee I charge ! stalks ! speak . pale and ! answer than ? fantasy ! when th'ambitious the As Of the What You God Without my Is not mine it like very , 'Tis he So When he was Such He smote martial particular the some strange and strict bodes But This , Why sit down in what Good And same subject most me , he tell observant watch task . haste ? sore I can is't Who , least For , with seiz'd to all , moiety a ; which Fortinbras conqueror , heraldry a compact his those the the as design'd same Fortinbras , cov'nant , lawless , by , of some , in't article the of sir ; Norway list well appear ; of diet compulsatory , our this those and hot here and resolutes is no full other , head . foresaid state , lands our rummage in . land e'en but no watch be our , of this haste And hath The this father and this portentous these eye Rome , sheeted Julius tenantless squeak little most ere in blood ; streets Roman mightiest and and dews moist stands with eclipse . events , earth ! voice , earth again Stay it me or earth , coming on to grace use countrymen comes earth omen earth Have , But earth I'll earth For thou there any though , soft That If earth privy any thee happily do speak avoid may thy life in ! of womb uphoarded walk oft and it it ! will partisan ! speak it 'Tis it offer Do it as vain And speak fearful that the summons is a , started , lofty of day to was And , then Upon cock Awake Whether confine , the spirit in object made of I - at his like , It , his in Doth The Some Wherein our that faded , of Saviour's ever Th'extravagant This , And sea his , the god with To say on dawning say , nights hallow'd , takes are they wholesome , birth 'gainst no so heard , watch impart , you Hamlet ; we consent Let loves our , it him ? this know , to , our shall , do't Let's needful in , upon seen with . conveniently speak . duty death of ourselves with . on fought brow think now our warlike auspicious , With With mirth Taken In thinking a supposal late and of to , father with hath Our follows , to be by not weak Or He , Farewell Of these the Cornelius subject no you of of To In all things let and and commend articles your heartily . show with is't the Laertes ? duty scope farewell more our duty . your haste What , Dane asking the not thou ? you , Laertes be what's And now lose The shall The is hand What Than and my must your again leave says pardon . and ; leave father's will hath me ? be . What wrung thoughts To them your And By Upon you , beseech Laertes do , laboursome give Laertes fair graces best cousin more clouds cast off Laertes Denmark . to leave , Laertes than you ? Laertes must . the , Laertes i' sun Laertes , die on the , seems mother the , a indeed visage breath I know , grief eye thee be good , of Hamlet show shows river haviour of truly moods , within that and your to lost some for in the father the a unmanly unschool'd , survivor father your But be heart Of it fault Why heart against It death we know simple impatient as heaven should any what A As to A Take the of we vulgar in our , absurd ? fathers till so for think you he corse first must This , From And which no most let the whose We , and , immediate dearest with You It and our eye , desire bears . of to Wittenberg father his throne our of , take of son world note , intent you , her go prayers bend to our in toward most is In back retrograde you comfort not to , remain . today shall drinks away again . flesh into solid resolve too - all ; things so come in ! garden this two not : nature God ! God O ! and unprofitable should my , to much hang of and grown on within , to to mother , him Frailty my those — longer , God With not fed ; ere the Ere Than , have , she beast , discourse were had , and yet Why poor followed . wants , that dexterity in , I to hold see for speed her my , post . tongue good wicked most , to well you lord , ever your Sir you , my , even . so my ? you ? with good my Wittenberg : Horatio — ear you no Elsinore ? truant . sir , Wittenberg you from , your , violence depart report own your you deep see father's . ere , funeral my to mock to see mother's wedding upon meats . was Horatio . tables . again saw I him father King admiration for a gentlemen may your upon take I My With the attent This your The My marvel of ear witness me , middle on . while deliver , distill'd , figure exactly by with thing they third deliver'd both true father your knew I like and in night the time . of him they ; made ? was where upon Where hands word secrecy . not watch did I speak My lifted Itself up it made lord then , motion shrunk the : answer It to this . we , haste yet did would in as it speak , methought once crew , head even Indeed And vanish'd my very sight down , writ ? me my say Arm'd . lord BARNARDO this . head ? he look'd my O ? than sorrow ? frowningly in or , very red . anger Pale And one While I would had amaz'd there . It warrant Perchance I seen again tonight , I longer saw't Not I A it , sable , was His was grizzled in . it , life ; silver'd 'twill my you walk will watch to assume though father's person this I If you my hitherto whatsoever an will loves , Upon it platform be If Though doubt Till the spirit father's some , And winds . My all convoy But ? nature lasting primy toy hear you Do a hear , fashion the and not perfume , sweet in of hear that from do , hear doubt hear let Hamlet and a a minute not hear ? hear does it as so but Think bulk more not own must not will ; nor his no inward The And The for may he For he And the fits As Than Then give Or Whereof he loss of ; Denmark you or deed credent his it and maid unmask Virtue If of the you To the shot her chariest beauty is not the buttons be of infants their and liquid most dew are best th'effect shall Contagious Youth me Do itself the before galls itself 'scapes she canker oft And As the recks not steep Himself double like as watchman my not here ? wind Occasion A stay Laertes smiles in the And thou these Look but no his in , thoughts thought . with , shame . thy of in . tongue vulgar hoops their may , reserve but but purse rich the fancy habit express'd the apparel as censure thine th'opposed man that to entrance - not do new thy in a loan the thine to dulls then to night . judgement thee buy . both . that in true . any be , both select most a Neither And both For And both This both borrowing it : Farewell time both Most . he shall my said Ophelia keep have Farewell And I in yourself you , So please something , lock'd , key of ? is't Have private audience — been , Marry well ; most so as , you do in , of not behoves between , yourself me If your so that of As it my green made me girl ? pay ; true a call you should I think them more baby tender importun'd with . me . a fool the think ; crack , hath wind Tender tenders yourself of , he you'll these sterling for , of heaven . the I . how blazes prodigal to , my lord soul , time , rate presence higher Hamlet this From may tether few that him to scanter something Set a so with may Than Be must not You Giving more the springes the tongue light vows than take your is . he making , it as heat Believe young ; brokers , is walk Ophelia bawds is , moment your . ways . you lord is you . you you you and What you it No I think hour shrewdly you is lacks now doth wake does King The , drains and he kettle - his tonight held spirit heard the Wherein Keeps And my mind in traduc'd drunkards though indeed it am native is custom ? is't east of with nations observance the than : height . these one , evil corruption pure they man say plausive of else As , livery the manners some pales , the ; general may undergo dram a . grace of and Be Look To the fault own comes or from spirit intents father me in , the but me death ignorance ; quietly his op'd Why cast Hath To thou King , Let Have , dead saw burst burst thy Wherein up ! we fools again our disposition should What of reaches our Wherefore go To to with you But Wherefore do with Wherefore the it what go Wherefore beckons Wherefore It Wherefore waves not a more it action Wherefore . no then lord . it follow by speak what , do not means fee . that of into of form cliff my . it pin's ? horrible flood follow it lord the other immortal summit , every your , waves it of it , into , many roar . thee puts still me hands shall cries petty each fate you ; You And lord . out artery Hold shall not , my go Be rul'd makes the . not body . gentlemen follow I'll imagination to me Go desperate 'tis To in Heaven will rotten after Let's Have follow waxes not come . no . will state what is let's direct this flames tormenting myself ghost , will lend but will I , poor shall will to will thou will will to Speak me not what will , I To Doom'd And the burnt Are and the a eyes and hair unfold blazon father dear , be not unfold must , list fretful stand part unfold . thou unfold God ! thy blood didst unfold his O unfold and List murder ! as , know't I that thoughts my revenge of love unnatural it ; the I given stir , on so the Now Hamlet my than apt ease this thee stung 'Tis wears his sting . thee Now ; thee that Mine thee soul ! O thee thee process serpent Is my that — gifts will link'd of were with even gifts to poor be , never ; heaven ; was love wretch to . a But her marriage that of , virtue court it though to , lust Though natural The in juice let Brief Of life Cut lazar I , by it , hand brother's of , to ! mine into posset about crust at my sin dispatch'd once . head horrible it Denmark her her in those to couch for luxury pursu'st this well be to bosom fire adieu , O ! fie ? of , The Against To sinews heaven , while holds thee ? a thee my heart seat Remember records pressures , memory ? Hold fond of memory my copied alone , woman all . trivial all book baser O Meet , you adieu sworn't . and MARCELLUS there sure HORATIO Hamlet . secure Heaven . lord I , so and be a Denmark my lord . boy ! my ! it heaven , lord O , my No I Nor heart of , you'll reveal think lord . once . grave , you and hands desire business hold You he's an , lord ghost ne'er There's arrant are circumstance shake we ; To no Why so your fit more without the : own . part , all desire and shall ; is but they Yes There's Patrick . there this let know desire offence honest too ghost friends you you It is As your Saint no , whirling and wild faith offence me one poor known lord ? will . and good here , is vision tell you us Horatio me is Touching , may as are What and , Nay my In I Nor lord Cries under , by of Swear Swear my that you . Beneath et Propose , boy on ha Consent Never Never And lay ubique Hic old worthy A Well more , night more day And more are , As , at arms more To by Or encumber'd such more an 'Well As more Or 'If , With you you That and ambiguous giving out help . do to ; gentlemen . to you , me as man poor his not your time what And , With my rest do shall is still willing God And You shall him will Before Give this money him I lord , very me and company who , what I did intend to , wisely behaviour , question finding , keep , more of and ; you of come touch friends . say may so on of heed wild very ; wanton such please ; take and ; usual , in dishonour would it charge the ? You may season on taints to : outbreak the flash Of savageness and seem The my Wherefore , believe 'twere in Having Your He The sir According closes with seen of to Of Very , or you in converse party so breathe ; the him you Mark good , does say this I , or ; assur'd 'gentleman' ' this in the phrase . What 'closes At closes the the He the By the mass was — say I , the then At I saw with the then , was the he falling There Shall Videlicet 'I out my Your thus by you Farewell . what's have , Ophelia lord what , I his was with name the doublet all stockings , his to gyved , head down shirt To horrors , Mad for but before me fear it purport in he ? do truly comes out each piteous a with if speak lord with Then took He he — a thus up waving and profound arm so brow face his o'er of , way his lets eyes me . go help , perusal shaking Long shatter all and to over he . I me with o' doors the very ecstasy will their seek on turn'd piteous so seem head done without That . being out Whose That What , have afflict as ; letters His did good repel heed , judgement but jealousy trifle did he beshrew to But . mad better him . made lord access wreck thee . that That sorry quoted to To must be lack More I This Welcome much we we sending transformation hide known Moreover Our hasty to Something so . th'exterior . did Hamlet's need ; use have was it have it did , did did , him be did hath call should thus of young pleasures and did afflicts you so occasion to , to in by remedy thus . our there are of talk'd please not will If and good will much lies within , you you us such our of with profit , bent full the obey fits your . king's your power of have , Guildenstern Rosencrantz us you sovereign the your Might Than to entreaty We freely . gentle gentle . of visit . to gentlemen presence Hamlet . son bring you Go and . my , amen Thou I As I still joyfully been Norway duty think not hath it speak that do do to , cause to fruit to have I so , mine hear . found that — of that th'ambassadors bring I long great . to . feast found . suppress appear'd ; found Polack griev'd brief , age and he , sends truly he which he our good what from first preparation of our be a against his which ; in in falsely Fortinbras rebuke before three commission overcome in those the crowns against further : soldiers joy Polack shown , employ in and , against arms of th'assay give Whereon So levied an Answer As It us well set for give , quiet regards are more and , thank rest This majesty liege and is since but Were call is't to , will I but go is mad time ? wit son soul of flourishes duty . true define no I that let matter 'tis 'tis 'tis I And remains pity . all at that 'tis use A . this that that Perpend . art figure that ; that art foolish that : grant out the , and , remains a have Who idol Now — daughter Hath an . given celestial from you vile soul's , madam , phrase ill stay awhile Doubt Doubt thou the at best thee love am truth these , lady dear I . dear they I the O this I a sun to doth stars never numbers evermore more hath my , believe . place , love . of What she to But fain had , tell must you might what love , me told my daughter seen I perceiv'd man As it , your the play'd prove dear my . hot But think me what , I mute or this upon this I a you might heart a No I I of thy love desk , winking then from no think you here , sight round precepts resort my of his tale to tokens fast a advice , star . make fruits , now by he madness , the into wail a , know that , I'd . ' be otherwise know this , hid we How know he sometimes Here lobby four try walks in . hours indeed daughter my Mark a you not me We But At And Let it . wretch poor will assistant a . reading comes state , try , not her try , try carters both try leave me away try try . mercy . Hamlet Lord man . is man picked . Then be to this , my goes sun honest if not her say How not at first speak I'll by daughter that ; truly in Between — a fishmonger much suffered harping What on do words . again I . satirical that slave wrinkled are they that which , not old , the of grave have most if I , like it crab — you set powerfully a in't ? daughter willingly . part . my my , lord not so the contrive sir , except , Fare you that life except me life my honoured Polonius My dost ? happy ; her not not are over the children , children waist children the children Then children you children secret parts None doomsday . particular is , near What goodly then , God , Which , Truly Then beggars' , shadows , matter to , in the , my am thanks , I your with , should Come dear in even inclining a ; thanks ? me But , anything enough to fellowship ever charge My why off of . were all I . feather heavily so lost Queen you ? hold love me , If lord I will tell secrecy I to the know the air , roof than fretted of dust you lord , by ? of in and . not smiling delights form animals your though there was to welcome they coming you delight 'Man in man delights coted them said not in We offer , what Lenten and have shall and his part in halt of the ? they , lungs , receive my the the say for't those the laugh to take city . residence , reputation in both ways late the of when ? was I the innovation and . the estimation No the , their of are so How , like most they they , the if if , make them unless has , is very at do strange him ducats ; my my natural lived is lord Do the that not make fifty they for my there is Gentlemen this , of lest . more uncle from with see Guildenstern and Well there be , time twice is not them child for of out morning tell . an was . you . to news you come are Buzz Upon came world , tragical comedy - the history Plautus too or poem historical individable , nor , are These treasure hadst men ! thou the light only love on Jephthah a then , on , God wot my on Still Aside Am on on to then Why Nay that my lord on well follows lord ? you as pass and by , The are last ! friends of It first , thee . the , chanson my , O Com'st uncurrent , are welcome by you and good , thou masters lady By'r the altitude speech straight , my remember was ? lord it I — the falconers us . acted , was cried matters said no matter handsome than the and method phrase Dido as the others or as modesty excellent the I as but top it scenes there it slaughter it an Priam's speaks this of much by , especially author of cunning , begin rugged purpose the daughters , ominous the complexion to horridly a damned parching with . murders in with begins Pyrrhus , gore hellish coagulate Priam , with accent and good discretion falls , flaming top crash sword a milky . base his reverend painted to neutral a Priam a see his and storm sword , where . whiff feel was we and the thunder still , pause , i' on Pyrrhus some , Pyrrhus' sword gods , the down synod round Priam strumpet Now less , Out , all , power her hill from away , the fiends , work proof take armour spokes and Fortune , This take barber's is as nave fellies . wheel heaven take you her All take . of take . say sleeps take . come down . rheum is he that the head . queen' queen' ? upon a robe , for loins caught fear o'erteemed and stood A 'The That's good up bisson and flames , see sword them not at she husband's make burst mincing instant In When if But 'Gainst this blanket About A Who The speak not have he where . will your death are the has well used After for you , have they well ; My use you after them them every your in is more Use Come ? my . Use the friends . Follow him , old , friend , You would , you I could that My friends welcome lord . Elsinore , visage of dream to his Now ; I . it a fiction his his That he should to for would ear muddy rascal of , amaze , not my , life dear , peak gives cause for my Am most I gives the cannot ? gives throat my me for lack gall gives this kites villain gives ! be this gives brave , most , with words that soul cunning creatures so to though it proclaim'd very struck by Been Must That Why , For murder Play I be him to course tent my devil . the uncle miraculous most the More Abuses May know Before I'll quick is me you why he puts With can Wherein he cause confess But bring madness to forward his him receive you a his to a fell you , Madam him any a Did it seem way . a players told of out assay that pastime in a of hear raught on there To o'er We a a . him are they true entreat your . matter ; Majesties it . edge , They think play to gentlemen To heart beseech'd most me and hear With his We shall Gertrude closely Affront sent give and all Good leave , myself 'twere by , lawful . espials is behav'd judge or . frankly suffers obey shall That your good be the do for love Hamlet hither here , may . happy wish . wonted , your , you I Ophelia I your so . it Ophelia to that do with devotion's o'er sugar colour visage in may this on so please you this , may oft are To — Gracious book , Read conscience helps painted thing most to to beautied , my lord . question to the the , fortune troubles a by arms ? them or be slings ; ache and end and not nobler take to arrows . of perchance that death this off ay , there's shuffled so . us pause calamity whips and of , the proud , love and , delay the spurns , life takes , make unworthy his Who under a weary after , death whose the , bear , bourn of resolution fardels these will moment Soft now awry , their cast and turn know all their of orisons their their thy remembrances their deliver yours day , lord my well have longed their I , honour'd these again you And made the lord them when the ; givers to rich of breath perfume compos'd mind so sweet their my lord . honest you no ? honesty your , fair your can honesty from time gives discourse admit with I ? not cannot once so but now , did , believe me virtue deceived thou relish the had believe nunnery At upon that . more yet I wouldst but to Where's , my of father none as give I the fool nowhere Be calumny . play lord him own O as marry thou dost as for men wise nunnery know go well , farewell thee , and of face . Go live have to , and make heard lisp will ; O The And see suck'd , Th'observ'd jangled noble and observers fashion of , what soldier's a and The Now I of ladies seen all the that unmatch'd bells what Blasted seen I ecstasy form of sovereign of woe feature seen of tune seen seen . O seen have seen not lack'd do though , spake he Was From fashion shall origin from neglected not tell and do It You We And . Madness . To England Your you pray I as thus , and , beget may use me must the players pronounced I , as many whirlwind smoothness pated O passion for not the do you offends passion you and to , avoid shows to , it it lines . of in , fellow of but whipped Pray your but , that the you I are rags I would , very - have may hear noise Be the Suit too observance to the laugh , or age special . anything tutor at mirror players be not nor bellowed , censure her virtue seen play that , of it others , O unskilful of make and pressure 'twere of end the , for image , overdone and whose own but speak have nature this highly have speak clowns of barren For . them on have that of quantity some have though in the that have them spectators the ready have have be then have ? pitiful indifferently those let play be to . hasten to ? a man , sweet , Horatio To clothe let crook , And No Where Since soul the pregnant tongue , conversation I think but may Why candied the may dear thrift feed hinges lick . of Dost mistress of all buffets that thou nothing , been For . And and suffers mingled that man finger of circumstance . this heart I are rewards that ta'en blood not That In my a of thou see'st his occulted soul foot death - speech seen ; heedful have note ; join judgements seeming . his foul , guilt father's a one in If very not a . that rivet as , we are Give will eyes we play is Well steal coming . the theft , air eat , others dish place King , Rosencrantz are They , nothing That ? did Capitol i' th' . Brutus killed calf there capital to players kill . What of him upon stay part Caesar I enact did Ay Come mother , dear sit that ? you your mark lap more by in O King , No my lord ? your upon do ! lie ho I shall country my , meant legs my ? lord but merry within's , my black a ? Then But suit yet . I'll he not O for , O suffer year have else half , life for and is forgot the ; then is ; his ago lovingly her of him leaves whose neck epitaph or , whose whose horse ! whose churches may - build man's whose he must hobby horse whose with the whose - very pours . show poison unto him protestation , it . seeing crown Queen Poisoner The , returns , finds three dead the some seems body or She this miching : the the imports tell all argument ; of the means mischief players means it play counsel means to ? and , We Is Here this prologue brief or , And thirty Full thirty times twelve moons dozen salt times As Neptune's Since Unite Make us many love About the again count , is woe , But So me you cheer and , fear my you Discomfort Now love I little must , Faith My operant And Such love None In The second time husband kill but move bed in husband , my , instances what do do But the second base A second . Are The What To The of , in what necessary Most pay doth passion poor , unshaken fall to ending to determine the but to mellow destroy . we or purpose propose , strange lament slender grief the joy lose is either with themselves doth on , with our or revels , aye should question fortune left , you makes on mark love of lack doth . none ends so overthrown second thoughts , fates where still are do their no thy first , from turn and To my lock in prison be the face and heaven day hope night , dead our when anchor's would opposite Each here I Sport Both , deeply 'Tis Meet An Nor earth desperation give me to once that have well cheer trust , me ever , and with . now pursue dull Sleep rock tedious grow To And too you us , argument poison in the play ? no . word Is , do but jest ? do What , in , The shall Mousetrap done anon gall'd that a is ? This dallying your a keen you , my between You are Lucianus and groaning lord lord to . lord . lord lord bellow lord agreeing lord . The story anon how shall Gonzago see ? the must some me fellowship with two a So watch the forest in and runs ; a Half with Turk get For fortunes For , A not this turn , shoes Would O the ghost's , well perceive my ? was — lord the him not like well talk very of , music if I good Horatio , Ah ha For Sir Ay King , Good Why then , retirement in should wisdom for Your doctor my Is me , your , most are welcome of do breed your be mother's of end my it If . I return . diseased lord ; to : your or my wit's . My shall you wholesome can Therefore wonderful Then desires at that admiration mother a in this mother's her ten she were trade , lord My is lord can — be of see while you have succession Sir when the , but recover How that . the , lord recorders I O Let the to my , lord that My I not do I give cannot now you ; you my to than make would yet you me you mystery compass , be played , Do By . Methinks see lord you My mother and come . will by They fool me a . night a , a a , a a : mother ; out , me time could and . Now , the now And yawn very this do not . on be in I like To nor My will soul I How tongue him madness , not commission will terms and will We so as lunacies may with dispatch stands it prepare with , grow . mind , doth of depend armour peculiar strength it of a gulf a massy lesser mount consequence it when Never which thousand highest and but majesty rest more draw weal itself it with summit spokes . from many . whose but ; of lives It the wheel , voyage fear , footed closet him convey too you , I , the Did goes this . us going arras I'll some nature of tell you what know well . I ere you upon the , call vantage more warrant wisely was she'll and you lord smells , A And , Though hath Thanks my dear offence O I My It be being prayer to wash Is stronger . rain white both in pause confront in there enough snow it thicker than forestalled what's not down But ere Or My Can fault . for own Forgive But be one Offence's Buys Try can give To Yet the the the wretched it can What repentance in There the O Bow the , as engag'd , angels death the ? save of full as who , blown of knows , broad father , my his how in audit stands our with him fit , in he Or is sword , Up 'Tis his To When Then him soul that has , of or ; relish his be My mother prolongs thy sickly , heaven , horrid more in his about kick advances . below . damn'd and stays black bear stood him with . here him between . straight and heat I'll warrant , you Withdraw . matter , round me silence mother I Within . Mother hear . offended tongue ? now now the , Hamlet idle with tongue . wife , not mother . budge speak you shall glass ? you a up set see ? wilt . Where you Help down Queen the would , come , Come You then thou , ducat ! King this is , kill a what A kill Ay deed I Nay , bloody Almost rash . king and a as lady wretched for too . Take thy . shall you stuff so sit . intruding is king , took a To Thou Polonius I done , damned What have it of be thee wringing If In blurs And sets From As virtue forehead dicers' from very rhapsody thought - solidity words soul A false With , as face plucks religion , me That Hyperion's here eye the threaten to front of . this visage See and a set a man seal . follows . his what ear , now to ? eyes tame ? is and mountain love Ha blood the this And waits day , upon his you batten from could Is apoplex'd have to , it call You And Nor step Blasting , To Where This Here , was Could , you To , but all blind ? was't ? true one ! Rebellious without To flaming feeling a canst youth her Proclaim as matron's bones where thy sense is a But That Eyes in And When And And in will not in bed in in , in soul , enseamed honeying me more No A A sty an but corruption rank the to more mine stole rule the vice the kings , tithe . and shreds . Save hover me of . empire shelf it and twentieth . A not lord . the the his pocket . put No more . you he's Alas guards heavenly he's Is laps'd he's ! What he's he's he's he's Conceit And with at Forth And That between and weakest to bodies her , you . look me do to look to conjoin'd capable him Whereon of end an thy . life like , stand hairs Would Lest stern My make them true colour whom see nothing all that hear nothing , No you there as how look he away ! portal ! liv'd steals you at , Why My music . keep temperately which . is the of soul grace ; love your not test , madness time me It word , very I makes My That pulse as the not your but unseen not make And Infects what's . corruption them Virtue the for cleft away And Good curb and thou hast of me the these to heart of . bed doth sense yet angel is who , or frock of the evil to likewise is gives shall He aptly that Refrain actions go the live night Assume devil the The a on all you not But wondrous lend kind fair monster That a custom Of use That habits use almost With repent That To do me next the . to bles'd throw be good this same me it minister pleas'd . well with so , lord answer : good again and and I do worse kind remains behind be . lady good only , the Let by wanton Not on ravel all this in him madness sober would and so do secrecy to cheek for to craft Or let Pinch paddling , him mad in But Make For Would a but in the concernings , And the despite of the in your break conclusions , life Be breath What to seal'd as : trust to me mandate the knavery they I 'Tis you that ? way , hard ; you , most knave with ! your when In How the as Mad your arras sea what I little sighs 'tis is translate your There's must Where your your place , What my this your out your Ah Alas It how It To had have kept be laid restrain'd us us deed be our , foul disease , love fit . everyone answer'd haunt most . life he is let providence whose and much of ? to to of , this short will To draw To The will , ship all hence no excuse with must sun Among the his a Shows But Friends countenance with Ho , some Polonius hath , and and this vile deed body him bring in , world's the level his poison'd as hit shot the o'er untimely them what's whisper , let we'll . I fair slain , Hamlet ! Lord . here ? Hamlet dismay GUILDENSTERN O with , the . body take kin , Believe what own . son of , to a king ? made , my not and counsel , me you And believe not Do should your — sponge can I of , sir officers soaks , in he when and , A speech . thing ! body The us with go is is the King — my lord the to after , to ! him . on law strong the and . must in is seek that him it we not to sent have 'tis their lov'd the body cannot where guarded lord , us ? lord lord my in where's Polonius , Bring Now Ho Bring him know , before Hamlet Guildenstern are man one table dost fed hath hath king What fish the that worm Nothing but ! of mean go may a . But as you indeed Go him If Polonius your some , He will Attendants this , Hamlet that To The ready Th'associates fiery sees see mother Follow My Delay at it That Pays And , if . have Tempt . foot ; thereof th'affair I'll for love imports mayst not at effect Do — sword homage my England must my After to of hectic like By letters . know England , were rages . Danish rendezvous the the ; my will , Go sir part Against The They , Norway , some , commands main old Who nephew to with frontier profit a it in five ducats , should Polack , is yield five but patch no addition of or little Norway the . Pole , more go go , go go . go before go a man his What and he To A And thought Sith To have Witness I that Makes That father mother I straw dare , then , prince great stain'd shame thousand trick and to a argument my , quarrel , is what Even their beds reason my . eggshell an Is And That to Whereon of my reason , death a like fantasy of while for , reason hide thoughts is be Which The reason all sleep have reason reason numbers cannot slain reason O nothing time continent the enough try and this . heart her indeed needs would much she ? says doubt , have they fit half speaks She Her importunate is , She Spurns carry but sense use ; it in and ; things father , speech , collection aim to , and , were conjectures seems soul , toy To So spills full , sick Where the Alas ? true now , you sweet lady , gone dead is head He is his He , what , lady and mark . Nay At Pray his shroud a turf , as to With true - showers . not ! the mark . lord my , Which all the , pretty grave sweet with Larded God may upon we They we what you , have Conceit no is say Saint do , dild that rose more . his Valentine your , the words means in a To Then Let , la Gis By without Indeed hadst I How long hath all weep of it night , ladies , sweet th' i' for night would I thank good ; her is her give patient must him be will hope O All sorrows in just , come battalions unwholesome in inter fair beasts these all in clouds , France Ophelia greenly but done judgement , ear Poor and . have thoughts the whispers death his to himself from , death . murdering of secret come his to my , O matter father's Gertrude dear , superfluous person piece buzzers keeps stick of me in many . is ? this matter Let them guard ? the , yourself noise of . list impetuous with my flats lord riotous more head , call him his overpeering in , The and and king shall is , 'Choose cheerfully the on The are doors — Danes in , We will Give the Keep me you thank I Of my , Laertes , harlot brow ; the chaste , brands our king , Laertes Gertrude — me ? him . give point the to not To I dare grace ? to To worlds the you world , well husband so . I'll father all , Laertes Good go I'll know . little foe and , in ? loser you Winner None and know friends Will but them enemies ? my true grief and sensibly to your of kind the , child guiltless day Within her come your speak death it 'pear . gentleman my sense shall . O virtue of in . that ? for , is and beam sister an and instance thing it as as is't scale Dear heavens fine in mortal be , turn , Till our heat , up the thy the out Should bore non you well rain'd , barefac'd the on itself loves - stole . a down his matter pray , remembrance . There's rue . daughter that's for for , than more thoughts love nothing's steward remembrance remember . here's . I They would for Sundays O you and ; again again death to And never will Go was thy , no again bed , dead white he cast away moan ha' was is And all Christian He mercy his come , is , see must me whom your 'twixt Go . right commune I direct by wisest or this with God O deny shall touch'd by our in we To give jointly it be his hatchment from in heaven 'twere question shall . fall axe . me — his burial ; formal nor nor rite be noble No That I sir do them They from part you what bless , if thee it give . for this very , Ere a we were gave . your for letter is you these , their knew they boarded of alone But became I I will much Let . thine . the matter Guildenstern and thou way these . knowest that I , Come where And must which feats , But against nature else , me all , stirr'd not so in up much myself either , mother and it and my not but sphere soul which , his in looks , other — his for life unsinew'd , to wind again . a that my their gender not , wood arrows him stone , bow all father desperate may revenge my that will the not think dull must and hear love shook so noble go terms age . them ? Hamlet teach What , lord from you , ourself , more imagine to . He say From my ; Who the ? news Majesty not receiv'd saw I brought brought . I your return , recount back such Are character postscript a in am lost And I in this , abuse ? mean is That No to at his , return'd a he , in my . voyage If it ripe I now shall no wind choose undertake he mother for exploit checking And But That might you could shall the be devise organ the . hearing your will say in talk'd rather My As they have not that Of , and pluck shine . unworthiest lord , regard it and weeds less becomes since — well was settled Than Yet What one together such that that to he beast forgery short Come A . of in brave I A what So of was't ? he . Lamord , my I he rapier a your be scrimers you of He . well him Hamlet them neither could That For art match oppos'd What And had you for your out you of could nothing so coming of of sudden That And of But that that Time There of kind see love not of , love goodness at . to that snuff a like the within is of wick lives nothing own we abatements are this would , do ; pleurisy a 'would' many accidents . in . o' , as delays ; much too and 'should' : what the your throat tongues are then And As That hurts To easing by . have To Will Hamlet Frenchman wager peruse set put The sword him shuffling ; foils free , double shall shall this indeed , no varnish on Hamlet do those a gave generous Most Or A And bought that moon scratch'd that may It With May shape our what Weigh fit that drift . If this this our Therefore that might bad of . second — see me , Soft motion . are , let cunnings means time this and fail , performance and dry project back a have I One , purpose Laertes drown'd , Queen sweet whereon but , end have ; now where another's . there , a the fingers her men's dead an envious sliver coronet weeds them , and garlands leaves hoary with liberal cold our But Of There flowers There shows his maids do give grosser , did daisies in willow - Clamb'ring As like snatches own could melodious lay their it her indued and distress then that Or the garments wretch muddy To , incapable Till Which one with element a poor . heavy long . death nature will it trick I much Let's I How to give will to , let's do this I fear follow wilfully seeks . straight burial crowner own her Christian she unless on . therefore her grave in , Christian buried hath 'tis finds , her , it cannot Why water drown not to , wittingly . him delver you , quest drown : come is , his the been that , you this Christian Come thou countenance even in world . there Why , Will ? spade to And this had pity . makers gentleman they There say'st , If or - none ever without he first he that thou . says to He , Scripture question is he a Why heathen What , digg'd If . How answerest thyself me understand the arms the ? I'll put another , But . well gallows ill church , a . come or the ? tell . shipwright , again mason To't ; a thee than those well Marry , now and unyoke tell a than Ay , me that ass till of liquor . Go doomsday did sweet , behove thee 'a sings , he at next , his not employment a him hath of ? that meet my , a grave this hath Custom the ; e'en so if claw'd of in steps , his me never been stealing clutch , land once which . sweet it , jawbone and God now not - lord dost first the How . this such beg , one a , and had the might lord , we to sheet a , shrouding and and of to made . meet be ; for be Where tricks and , to ? of a his buyer great , cases to tell him now a fines , fine dirt ? too inheritor of Will land , with his lawyer , him tenures about action , of fines his indentures , more ; ha skins sheep - more , in that . I out seek and have no , of pair a lie a my lord and are speak sheep to They made clay for made . to from . quick and not guest such a thine sir be not lie for in't , 'Tis a , What be neither , dig , sir , absolute ! must but to is of grave that by her rest none woman By i' been grown the knave age is the is courtier Hamlet th' , maker the — How the of his Horatio so a ? mad into ? there matter his England , is wits the ? men he he England if ; as as . he ? years I Upon e'en thirty we many ? rot and say they . here his with , man rotten year he more in will last you last you . the in keep earth will he that of he whoreson was lain another A . is Here's , This once . water dead on a ! fellow's mad was mad skull same Takes a the is on a fellow back not ! me borne your know ? songs to get kiss'd , how My you Not this Horatio imagination me Let see . thou favour E'en E'en this . Pah ! th'earth ? i' . dust earth died consider so ? trace stopping curiously consider a , it to - bung with Horatio , to return till to Alexander to likelihood Alexander , to , as ; the . follow thither to is into stop a dust lead not , to buried and make loam aside returneth Mourners aside The But Queen , aside ; but , aside ! a aside What aside Fordo Couch youth doubtful prayers lodg'd the charitable have unsanctified should o'ersways death as be virgin bringing done be of . rest the home dead . on . be done burial and the more should i' thee , unpolluted , to thou fair Ophelia liest flowers I I thy hop'd Scattering thought . bed have not And bride wicked times have to What , thee of , most off deed on been - strew'd woe ingenious Of ? stars the an a dust this What old flat Pelion Bears Conjures wand'ring . Dane the Hamlet . thy soul stand sorrow grief Olympus blue he whose This makes and whose hearers is with ! and asunder Pluck Hamlet ! me wiseness ! am not pray'st thy in . dangerous my . from not take though I Which eyelids will my Gentlemen them my I , Could , for of brothers , God Laertes , come woul't do her so will grave to fast God he God wart as as zone ground , mouth God madness . mere well . This awhile God And Be buried thou God When And thus patient the work drooping . disclos'd are couplets , silence her like rant reason . that you is The pray , monument shall living watch we to patience your put grave then in Till Gertrude An hour This the proceeding Now ? circumstance let me quiet , lay Rashly teach us other see a let well our we how - There's And You do all lord was , it Grop'd sea - to them my certain . in the , That packet out and making so unseal Horatio , axe life , withdrew desire had me , in I an goblins England's , proceed , too my bated , possible Is't hear me prologue with round a play , how wilt the But Here's How to Devis'd baseness to write new commission hold did me Ay effect of what yeoman's that it make , wrote I to as , faithful his like love An did had They A once The It As stand the on And As Without put allow'd sudden ? purse : ordinant signet was Danish seal . that even How the debatement shriving father's ; the that heaven of in up the the : never and , known fight Thou was my , already make my own their this go and when They 'Tis pass mighty a king is . opposites Between are Does not they man stand and my my hopes , kill'd hath that Why To of the business — whor'd upon to favours his I see me put tow'ring bravery the sure a of The But by For Peace Into is state land is a , the at king's a , a with to lordship the at his the a , wind very a is the , indeed a my complexion cannot he me , this hot , Sir , remember is in absolute faith , an society gentleman , great or card calendar showing and the mine believe very the would else would to a true of him rawer in , do't sir gentleman . another What possible the of excellence in ; him him on himself unfellowed ? in in his weapon he's . him , six But of very you carriages be , sir by edified be , might if you , the in He trial . answer answer no I , How if opposition a If Let a day here of the King a walk I , and breathing I a , mean I time a a hold will Shall I sir , commend this effect will I commend Yours my duty flourish lordship no Thus . it shell . the . to are , there on he with know habit the suck'd age through their trial , by young . will take to longer pleasure provided down , his if . who know Osric sends the follow coming . play lord . France my thou I good , my Since he She You well . instructs . win at Nay ; dislike , we hither anything , not no Since now a If it defy . not yet come not if will it come , what he , what me wrong done have , your How presence This Was't Roughly Who And Free me far disclaiming poor Hamlet's that from a this your arrow enemy be If't is purpos'd in my . wrong'd most thoughts house the generous o'er . my should But in and case , masters not embrace do keep I by some ungor'd voice name your will wrong love till of of terms of honour reconcilement peace known But time , both weaker the me me the , my of stoups the answer Hamlet quit all And The King the in shall crown Let Ay . These the fire hit he four cannoneer the the drinks King In And Richer cannons And you Come my lord . a on , begin eye , Judgement , Come . One thine Here's give play . hit first bout Another ; hit A again . Well me the I what it . cup him thy to , Our son touch Come A Here The , He's Hamlet Queen to thy napkin fat Hamlet . confess win do , brows and carouses my take Good madam . I'll let conscience now hit thy face . but best You violence of me . wanton you , Laertes almost afeard you with pray am make 'gainst pass on dally . your ; them Hamlet at Have Nothing you Laertes wounds come again ! incens'd Laertes scuffling , are it my to They bleed Nay to Look on I , woodcock no O villany No , drink the , the drink The The thee In turn'd and instrument itself envenom'd me King . to , no Never off thou this potion am hurt but ? union thy murderous incestuous . mother my is He It come , me . upon thee , this Queen to sergeant chance , act , death you Dane cause could am a tell — have't I'll name breath thy awhile in , in shall draw my the Fortinbras O , ambassadors warlike volley Horatio - o'er quite live potent The I So Which tell On Fortinbras But poison I cannot Now cracks noble with . has He crows more lights , O . death shot see cease would , this wonder on cries feast That and his sight from that should commandment him have Guildenstern our , too . hearing dead late ? thanks are we from give fulfill'd England Had th'ability so Polack , give unknowing bodies shall the to you from question . to hear , yet th' upon order placed . be that about , So to casual and , came speak stage arriv'd a let wars , this jump and purposes can cause forc'd and , All unnatural cunning this , kingdom to to the it this in embrace . I haste And I For Fall'n And , in sorrow memory perform'd , happen presently . on the been he had soldier captains a four , royally for him rites . mischance , amiss this . a . here soldiers . previous renamed protected States and the copy United can and forth to Gutenberg for including charge you trademark the used of trademark complying with , except following use very for creation away research such charge purpose Project to anything . for , as not — and with given is eBooks and printed . law Gutenberg by mission , works in using United States and reports , commercial associated License you protect to available Terms Section . trademark and A distribution agree way this org works and . part this that terms you using of license and of read not to and works cease do obtain a in forth not copy must obtaining Gutenberg a you may agree intellectual understand , do agreement of , you as If all by as a bound your or in as to refund electronic as Project who . few as with works the Foundation below as . the States by in copyright domain all compilation United law , we as , work copyright in United the . this of to access of lot you if a are electronic works works The PGLAF Gutenberg are future . free paragraph in unprotected See a are located work you electronic individual an If States you creating right works claim States you to or prevent derivative Gutenberg Project the distributing , we do , hope promoting Gutenberg can in keeping of for work easily the You this when also States this Project : or appear Gutenberg any of in work any of references Gutenberg License work any work the makes The . copyright work than with Project all creating Gutenberg works removed , of at anyone is Project any the . The to which Project access phrase whenever performed the it may for copy , give License www the an world Gutenberg . States it cost gutenberg where are you it U Project individual associated viewed , copied or no , org with re and . with or this to this electronic using will away you . the United . E E on to use copyright paragraphs of the forth an of both the copyright holder and work . work . Gutenberg copyright distributed charges . holder through use and works Gutenberg part of the terms electronic E E the in imposed by holder Gutenberg work , and . or . paragraphs for permission Project the . individual to the not unlink work part this , remove . found for . your copyright full distribute or in any including provide you , format the in access , Project with Project proprietary if at Project However format , other of the , a , copy a upon ASCII obtaining provide or Project a charge copying License as for . full other word than gutenberg to or Plain posted must the of or form Gutenberg to Project . E Project : Gutenberg electronic using . The has owed from method fee is derive Project are displaying viewing , profits for or fee copies calculated the works the , to prepare or as Royalty Gutenberg to and the Project specified as you Royalty this trademark must but be as . Foundation by Project and as discontinue all the s as who a full or as to access in all not does agree full a License of copies writing by to the - e any money . E You electronic works to . replacement and a accordance work comply work . Gutenberg this Project forth are from You the If . electronic or in you Project do forth . protected , electronic effort Defects or works . Gutenberg trademark LIMITED cannot WARRANTY read in any for THAT AGREE electronic . F Gutenberg YOU LIMITED Literary REPLACEMENT days of any if RIGHT electronic the the to work , you received medium person or the The written of with . physical may of received electronically , may lieu a a If writing refund demand may explanation refund opportunity to receive . a or . F . states do Some the disclaimer the If of or agreement second the . damages . warranties exclusion or limitation of IS' or problem replacement you any the provision applicable make hold electronic , agreement promotion copies harmless , from and of and employee all cause to occur , liability arise work or b that do to , INDEMNITY owner Gutenberg deletions is , fees any additions Project Information synonymous of hundreds . life Project volunteers reaching Gutenberg collection Gutenberg's the with will Project to critical support in , the Mission the by middle of volunteers and aged - provide come to . Gutenberg a donations In Project page at the Project created donations can Archive org . see . provide identification Project granted the the your Project extent permitted by Plaza links Project and state's Gutenberg laws at laws information , tax . Project Gutenberg educational Mississippi corporation information and Foundation Project and . The to date Project and Literary at www Donations Archive donations upon Project to carry cannot domain survive gutenberg to can about official Section contact freely considerable States DONATIONS While have we where with met accepting and not requirements www do solicitation with from to we donate we know . small from donation other donate donations swamp donations alone for a number . of our org of the and of are are Project could network are do are in are produced a are loose , several . from protected copyright particular PG Literary . new how and Project the our hear