yourself unfold ? and Stand Stand Stand Stand . Stand upon Stand . your You this struck I think . ground , make Marcellus them this to liegemen soldier , hath who good night . reliev'd you Give . Holla what , is of , Welcome Say Barnardo ! place my has , A piece ? there him Horatio . Horatio . this seen And this will Horatio He may , That What , Well we nights assail your , this . of of the t'illume and . heaven one — again comes Look where part dead fear and wonder . with spoke me King it . off figure thou Most the that with fair of warlike of time In march , Stay speak ! now Is ! How 'Tis my ! I this the Before What , sensible will , not ! Without ! gone ! Horatio God ! When Is This now Good Why , And such toils same and of shipwrights whose . I work our that state , observant land knows : Norway to now by our ratified the prick'd with by law the which of , to competent had of Which Did forfeit this Against stood and all moiety by article , mettle skirts unimproved Hamlet he Had side Fortinbras this so For Did he inheritance seiz'd his our , To the the King ; which Fortinbras the fell Of in As hath to His Hath I this this haste rummage no be through may Of watch our main father terms watch doth to compulsatory Is the lost But watch post it watch - watch and sort armed Well think it watch trouble watch most Did squeak whose watch in and tenantless palmy question like the King . of trains the . eye mind's the Upon And Was As stars precurse the countrymen Stay use together the omen , where , be . and grace done voice of , illusion ! thee If I'll it cross there thou happily thou they it say treasure if speak , life thy of and speak ? my partisan speak will I speak speak Shall speak Stop , if at not stand speak . speak here 'Tis 'Tis being here ! air wrong here here here And here The Awake here Upon , with then a that day . 'gainst birth the on of bird his This To then Some faded confine But look our us young we Unto dumb spirit Let heard , the So I hallow'd fairy , they Let's do't we pray conveniently morning . Lords Though shall , Where needful consent find Cornelius yet of in , dear befitted whole woe of and it ; kingdom death brother's our nature , marriage young our have herein dirge sister jointress as and nor . For dear and late supposal our be of know along affair a , follows Or Our Importing the our freely , Fortinbras we delight with . thanks , frame , advantage of out of . this : young have : hears suppress , by this father valiant nephew's full , and proportions that to , is surrender to with all those with we time bed ; further , haste . more to old all made duty our will VOLTEMAND dilated CORNELIUS To , Of business and all things : nothing ; Farewell In that the what's Laertes You And The head shall cannot of What reason suit . not heart , to return , bend leave your father's to and bow My them must duty wishes your my laboursome you hour him and ; leave seal'd hard my wrung petition I ; it , and will son my thy time be . than the i' on friend vailed a in thy , common thy eye look like am much too , for through , it is eternity that off Denmark die be so If particular madam it not lord nighted lives to thy colour , is mother , inky alone , my dejected nor the No with For are passeth These of breath it , lost your suits might woe nature the and his your , term , these commendable father to father ; bound some But unmanly course to is . condolement most a to , grief sense thing must , impatient , persevere heaven , In impious shows understanding in our , To against Take most what heart ? know we For unprevailing are Is From 'This I In Than that impart in of let , immediate less father Wittenberg : of throne , note take think nobility you school bend , all in Let not thee pray Our Be This smiling shall Why as , And Seem Fie on't stale ! uses not O ! into Come shall would dew ! in come not to was gross nature , things Oh all - itself God and this much it garden an and to mother this ! it world unweeded unprofitable of the fie should it so That it two grows it That Visit to king , not that it ; too on ? yet within a unrighteous her Within more in salt , but Hercules ; flushing most post to — even father's she wants O . yet Than father's brother that to I no discourse mine uncle father , my like . the left is the dexterity to I must lordship do my ; ever lord : servant I or , for incestuous ! tongue my nor , lord even Good make , from you My lord truant in good Wittenberg so violence that enemy , ear your truster it make . not do of in you teach you know Against To would hear your you I , my to affair deep your , to drink ere to your is my report truant Elsinore are depart no . see . father's . see . upon mother's funeral see bak'd hard see see tables my . Horatio my marriage see day foe . Horatio see king goodly , all see . eye . eye all a ; my eye was he upon eye My eye shall man , not a was He eye eye Season Upon With The King yesternight King till you . gentlemen on , love witness , night . to these let Marcellus at before stately by , and , he they of pie march walk'd me distill'd eyes - surprised , to did they impart deliver'd ; not , time in ? your him fear This deliver'd kept made word third both knew I are where the deliver'd : deliver'd ; deliver'd like upon Did My deliver'd none As none none none And we did very and sirs none none vanish'd honour'd but in , my 'Tis , think ? lord BARNARDO watch this troubles me true duty tonight , And Hold , let you my MARCELLUS O yes , From Both , you ? beaver in head . wore , his you lord not look'd he frowningly face than ? he his sorrow ? anger ? been . long hundred . tell . BARNARDO , when much had would It moderate very you amaz'd ? longer no , grizzled silver'd walk warrant will you it father's person . tonight . though peace hitherto it you to it I I'll hold in hap no this 'twill . I silence , eleven . twelve fare shall you , but , noble itself pray should all gape . tonight still ; it , speak it whatsoever be tenable conceal'd . my me your So and . farewell . the , them soul play earth still Till And , as the not men's deeds would ! is to embark'd , assistant , foul spirit I My some o'erwhelm : foul All were come will eyes : do favour ; in nature not and permanent youth fashion the of lasting that of toy sweet minute you , in , a and Hamlet let violet For doubt the a . blood his ; grow loves he as not but must you and Perhaps but cautel you not mind ; Think , not No more thews now of he He For In The and no this temple soul own : of loves you body circumscrib'd this do whole of and Then if choice health , no his wide virtue greatness His The for and , his will And not The is sanctity the your wisdom so your ; particular yielding choice persons may his . head therefore ; for ; sister dear desire . my of his may goes which honour no to believe place further treasure liquid buttons infants moon of morn before galls the rear the unmask her maid beauty and , importunity . affection , disclos'd be , blastments and of youth keep . near brother , my good But this though safety the spring lesson in do . to none . best and heart my not the pastors libertine treads comes dalliance good ; thorny ungracious of and heaven reckless , you . thought thy in sail , shoulder There for ? precepts unproportion'd . a in character thou Nor familiar hast double a , your blessing grace means no by no adoption comrade being a hatch'd dull any And wind Yet Laertes his vulgar tried of thoughts , act hoops with soul thy unto them entrance Of but entertainment may Take But the a they For not apparel France select borrower Neither ear , thy unfledg'd quarrel and , to man th'opposed few purse as loses Are a all And not , thine a and husbandry be day : gaudy , thee buy reserve oft of nor best the , rich ; fancy most and generous be : station and self . that of the . own night this season to man the to true of : oft dulls blessing canst you my memory . well . lord thee any in be as edge my . it . tend servants remember you he you , please private is't hath . to tenders , daughter them should daughter call a made me the daughter . like to affection his daughter You ta'en , I daughter my sterling — daughter not — you to , it you lord you to fool phrase ; dearly think . baby poor more me me true for , with go soul know , making - a as , fire , blazes prodigal . these , I how extinct From ; time woodcocks almost given all to burns not Be Than Set a with a scanter take the Lends Even Giving When springes light like vows you And so to their You Believe Than may of his which and This for , walk is Lord maiden at ; tether he presence this higher For As to words plain all , time investments forth Lord ways . your obey charge talk with the . leisure this . come is sanctified ; any so or shall I I ; shrewdly bites air nipping The It No it think I it , held It this does What Wherein and an twelve struck draws walk . my the and The he doth it not his lord tonight , Keeps The And The wake and drains draughts trumpet of marry though than out swinish nations and east tax'd drunkards This And Ay , my kettle - triumph manner the us clepe some it mole addition So in their to to honour'd particular them are nature attribute takes , men ; his forts that one — too and of , these much they origin of some , o'erleavens of as reason Fortune's as may , defect , The substance . dram pure grace doubt evil comes ! corruption — a that pales it . own To Look ministers my Be in a spirit such thy to com'st heaven of airs thee , Angels thou in ; death , in hearsed ignorance O tell and ! thee , thus up saw cerements bones burst op'd corse , again we the hideous cast father speak canoniz'd burst horridly So Hath Why Have That That Making thou reaches of the may What thy ponderous marble in glimpses his thee the inurn'd again moon souls ? with removed with did shake ? action alone ? this As go some if It But do not you , not speak No Look To impartment desire Why , do can itself it follow as it lord my flood of form , sea the , of of Think reason it desperation . I'll . again toward base some forth me to That assume summit the if beetles it Or That looks into your ? motive shall not off Be Hold you , on hears you more fathoms lord sea . me Unhand artery cries makes , I'll call'd am — Go ghost out , this that follow . lets obey imagination gentlemen 'tis ; I thou wilt ? I'll let's state this him Denmark , Heaven rotten the will lead no . me further flames me me Speak me come , Must will I me art revenge am to shalt me . serious myself hear hear . thou when me unfold tormenting almost is So I the foul crimes done days of fires nature blood . thy part , spheres young whose But walk father's term away of soul the Till Are I To thy knotted purg'd day certain am a tale my the and thy harrow Make And Thy ears didst and eternal . Murder most ! God is . God ; best . God murder wings love thee find I God shouldst to rots I God my with , strange , and weed wharf God the or meditation know't foul as , ear Denmark , Hamlet in thou of . hear apt be Now father's death life sting wears The abus'd a me A serpent ! prophetic Mine that his ; Rankly stung stir duller itself not , O wicked to — will of , what was a seduce my Now , won of From it went whose seeming off love my witchcraft his and , be poor and as in marriage it with natural gifts even hand in a of ; heaven link'd angel , were itself mine lewdness lust Will those To of But it be And a garbage morning , vow of the . stole , pour air orchard my ; within Sleeping hour juice of leperous distilment enmity porches in such of And of Most The of of life was I of lazar of , but to unanel'd of blossoms smooth my sleeping crown all Unhous'led off reckoning my ! O hast not the in O imperfections disappointed even , in made No With nature for howsoever mind thy thy A thou , let this act thy soul incest , be . contrive once ! me . pale adieu to shows her sting to thee to Hold O her Remember uneffectual in ; leave Fare that , heaven adieu his well the be ! instant ! Remember What , my else a seat thee thee ? old grow up , while table the poor this wipe away from , Yea matter book the with all and , youth books And tables . smile may , It That Unmix'd At least I , one My So is uncle sure and Meet , may be me my so be word come . noble my ! ho be it , lord wonderful bird . I . you'll , would Nor be of my , heart MARCELLUS lord think . in Ay my Not by lord then But he's heaven and secret heaven it — by needs without as , I And more we and business that business part : it it fit ; right so Why For as Look and desire , you , poor point — the from the this us tell you , I'll my own . pray , words you heartily faith sorry These your Such I'm whirling , offence no And much by is an . Touching that now . seen ? We poor know ghost too There's Saint As It Never Nor My In , Upon Nay , lord , I faith , lord my upon , Art lord , you sayst thou this . stage indeed . Swear , sword in truepenny ? my , hear Cries on Indeed thou the cellarage oath Ha , ha speak hands , my this speak to hither lay my . seen . sword Swear . And your Swear upon gentlemen our have . Then ? we'll ground , heard Never , this more ! Beneath , Well O old mole Canst give philosophy heaven welcome , shake and ; or 'We of , times or strange How There Than , That As Or So you and Swear your most not if we , phrase and to need this head seeing - would' , me , pronouncing With willing time your lack . lips friending to , is in . go together right , Reynaldo , of out joint set these notes make , behaviour nearer , where and you of knowledge him , Reynaldo friends his , his very , if't part Ay be , but ' ' , in your 'I know particular do they That Take thus And in forgeries may so you youth To are gaming , and noted liberty swearing fencing may , You , Quarrelling Faith must as no my That , My or but is you , dishonour would drinking that may open : may meaning As You Wherefore do I you should , is little , him the of you ; the , my , phrase phrase phrase phrase phrase he my good phrase Where ? something phrase , I consequence the , say . 'gentleman this ' marry and ay know day and o'ertook : house . of we falsehood out Or then There There saw , of find bias of now with so , of by son By do indirections lord So former , bait thus a Your , my Observe lord yourself you have lecture directions assays and carp reach , have . you , his b' shall him his the my lord music . what's , my I was doublet in the head his his stockings my , sewing with down his all , unbrac'd chamber . of gyved his in each other me hell purport fear held me do said all , arm and stay'd his o'er perusal . little seem find to o' to out For doors last seem'd And And with go the This Come very property oft does Whose , No I have What my good His hath access his as and letters to repel me made I beyond is thee as being hate than , which , go kept to hide to known grief More Of hasty need we have to ; transformation much dear we The Since Hamlet's . the I have you call you use Something to heard , provoke it humour , you occasion of talk'd awhile , thus occasion occasion gather court occasion not please occasion , will occasion in full the , freely both entreaty . of more Both your king's shall and Put your As a power at , I And changed Thanks , here To Rosencrantz son and amen . to and presence gentlemen bring Hamlet him as Assure . liege , father my soul King brain else hold my or and God us'd do mine : lord of you I good , return'd . gracious good duty my do Hunts hath very that As news speak of , to — trail of the to to to , in that cause I that great he , them the admittance sweet my Give Thyself Welcome , me to distemper the hath him main your son's o'erhasty sift friends our of return fair our To Most Upon Voltemand His nephew's look'd he which borne That was , my from greetings sent him good , better against ; rebuke Makes On But ; truly ; appear'd to suppress griev'd out , fine more Majesty fee the before as an to against in uncle against , annual those pass , set you read give , Polack in soldiers allowance . consider'd at for thank It think upon safety and consider'd down are of us more therein consider'd likes consider'd well consider'd labour - business consider'd consider'd . consider'd , true wit , Were I will true 'tis . mad flourishes , madness . true true art 'tis A I true . true : use I , farewell true remains in Who have a me , phrase phrase true true and my Now shall , Now . her be Now Now , but Now Now dear Ophelia Now Doubt But at most , in obedience This I am Doubt truth doubt I ; I stars the sun faithful to it him ? think ? his , by ear love , daughter , time dear by my solicitings , me place ; receiv'd , his me , of honourable , the tell love I . me hot and But , what mute , winking the your love , out of gave , my tokens I her , declension , to , tale a a he , a — ' should she not be no madness And to Thence Hath there been such this for 'tis I'd otherwise , likely prov'd think be , know ? ' . that time I this though centre together me me I'll a such me If behind me Mark may How me we ? me does loose he reason , comes look board wretch beseech . God , it carters a me We you You are . leave both away . lord . is , be Do well my a would you I me know Excellent Then as . picked world ten of being lord . as not a man blessing dead true in , my my a , lord have I i' th' sun if For may in ; by Have not her How me at gone not I'll . What say And Slanders that sir , beards which are faces and hold the matter , wit it have am I slave read words the For gum , should be . the that it . Aside , believe yourself out , though men . plentiful I set a — in't crab air Into you my Aside . air the be him my daughter I meeting that prosperously out o' will most grave ? lord you which How my ? and and method there my I , life except my that . of willingly part . he you him and often madness hits will leave life my will except . God ; save These Fare my well you my . fools tedious to dear lord My honoured thou of do sir most lord Good , both how Guildenstern Ah , earth ? indifferent friends ! dost are we Fortune's Happy Rosencrantz excellent On about Faith the the in that As cap Nor Neither my not are , O , we in or ? my my lord is . my she middle shoe her my her live Then my . secret parts None is Then my , that to my question . the news you most true , world's , a Then Prison th' confines one world my good is so think none , prison wards lord there it ambition your I , We ; not , and mind . of the . too nothing . or count I bounded it a were , merely a good a dreams for myself is quality and court . monarchs , a light and airy th' our For Truly Which , Then shadows Shall beggars . hold I and We'll sort ROSENCRANTZ like . such in will way honest our to matter speak you the not an beaten visit upon GUILDENSTERN reason we and rest most , man that dear ? it Is justly with , my am To I am , I dear you dear , dear too inclining enough dear friends dear What the let But , me are dear it ; my were your modesties for dear and for could were obligation rights not ? Come , dear ; is of by more what even , the me know your we of by preserved Guildenstern or What proposer ? love hold sent of by , the . no me dear and for . with , you direct you . you the better whether our , so , not we were sent . eye have wherefore frame this , and ; this I . with sterile pestilent reason congregation it in , foul how like yet , a and my know the why lord so will your and , in of the roof me moving , how with not apprehension is how to to delights me ; no express , neither , a this fire noble golden and And man seem you when you 'Man not you shall my your such I : nor say god the what woman , was , me the Lenten me' service them man said stuff knight the those say make shall or his — to from king the plays the sigh lady the me shall be coming not delights entertainment , and his o' ; in shall ; halt peace the in verse you offer shall target part lover tribute Majesty shall in , such the humorous man such blank tickle . mind . wont her freely , such are players What for't were take city residence such — reputation of the innovation such How such it they profit the endeavour , their goose so . These call ; are but pace they in , How are aerie What pursue they afraid tyrannically children berattle are common it No the quality if , there and little , like most keeps of eyases , that cry fashion , wearing wrong nation them ? thither that many say . come it went sides own — their better against make has tarre sin they to no them means that , they for the is unless been bid not at strange Ay , Do , mouths would there fifty my uncle my more his King of too . give Hercules it boys it apiece ducats in for my lord his and , those and forty you . than me players is natural ; is him while lived . little in picture than out this you . but a my dear Let hands Your , handsaw - But of welcome is mad what uncle my In baby , you Happily will Guildenstern Well north there you prophesy the a twice tell for news morning so indeed Rome is . was lord hither come you . you came have tell my The news When in on tragedy , buzz honour his ass tragical , the thou the my a lord more ? treasure . pastoral - pastoral , of cannot and treasure he which Why — what These light only hadst he Aside ' , love Jephthah well lord right daughter that I , Nay lot , follows that , my I Am you Jephthah The It welcome first came to by then , lord look more it , pious masters welcome abridgement chanson me pass I in within . like . all me you . For thee well since , voice fly me but not me if million others me modesty an it mine with , was me it my the By'r ! We'll . We'll speech Come What a . in the top of as make indite might in — the or of anything you , at us a speech was , pleased acted excellent , remember as set were cried But remember the , heard speech , down the in an than Dido and phrase honest I play it general once above to , cunning whose well the no scenes it such matter loved affectation savoury in thereabout much as If , method that , it Pyrrhus : your it the , live . see not is where very this he 'Twas . of author , by at handsome more much especially begin speaks of Priam's slaughter . in , night black , horridly complexion resemble smear'd foot , accent and , Unequal . Old their That tyrannous carbuncles a wrath in gore falls strikes Ilium top flaming good , like the . Priam , whiff falls , command to with Th'unnerved Which to Seeming But at arm at short too my 'Fore well Anon his father to Stoops Pyrrhus Pyrrhus' . finds Greeks he wide with with i' will Pyrrhus matter . and , nothing to often anon thunder crash sword stood storm stand the against and , still dreadful , work , pause Pyrrhus' the , some , milky th'air you All bleeding , proof for Now , Out On than on her ! from gods sword Priam Fortune away Pyrrhus' the ; heaven her the all In to the This long . say , wheel of . power to as As general It a shall low your of Hecuba . tale come good Run and 'Mobled Say mobled He's That's queen' threat'ning clout queen' . that for is stood all of tongue , th'alarm move the in burning not at of made milch colour and . no gods eyes that themselves , had seen and lank fear venom pronounc'd husband's his saw if 'Gainst this blanket , has see for they you , you death turn'd rest this the Unless The In , After are players use I your used he passion have things mortal thee lord much ? man bodikin should less My well where well I'll report , hear me thou , 'scape deserve , according to man tomorrow of Gonzago Murder a insert down , of some in't study need which You . a . bounty your in , sixteen my lord , tomorrow dozen Dost night Guildenstern Ay that We'll , night well Follow and till or Ay O it Could , so what a from in whole ! nothing ; passion visage distraction peasant a wi' monstrous Is in force , so all conceit his broken A to her working his to in's function aspect conceit of he for all ? suiting Hecuba would with passion the the , him general and the Hecuba With forms What's That , to ? ignorant guilty ear and and and dreams , a defeat , deep 'Swounds , to off me As ! Who damn'd But pigeon - or , ere gall , cause a dear I pate across my , peak , gives this ? throat ? gives , father gives heaven whore the , a of , region and lie gives and lungs take it Who me blows , nose To should am son my a Prompted I , Why gives And , like Must About gives to a by A fall - have a the that . play ! speak drab with words and villain , hell is brave , very a upon't scullion cursing by revenge , my like creatures unpack to proclaim'd it . I'll murder I'll no the cunning their tongue scene malefactions of ; seen father these looks have power , play's the spirits , hath thing . me , grounds perhaps me and devil and Out of shape me with yea , very potent my As Abuses catch relative me can you me And by cause he feels days this of me lunacy circumstance be keeps some turbulent why on his speak of drift him we But from he by on him bring does do we he means , sounded to forward with Did , you of a true state . way out our his disposition him , your entreat to . him they are it Madam We my heart gentlemen Good To true purpose hear the it see most night This They a kind Majesties , And for accident on give matter . frankly , that , behav'd judge he him be And we Sweet shall hither , We drive And my , have Ophelia , seeing lawful Hamlet Affront encounter is no you obey of he for I happy virtues may his honours of cause wonted to good part shall of th'affliction of thus , of your of hope way . blame this , of , in devotion's . oft are action The an this ! Read exercise that , O . that , speech doth with Aside lash devil prov'd — much pious to may — you . on colour so Your And . ourselves such We 'Tis How a true give beautied we do too deed smart beautied Is Than coming 'tis and beautied heavy to I be hear beautied be , most the burden ! beautied a mind outrageous die to beautied consummation . shocks end sleep , my beautied withdraw in him Or - of pause calamity That Must When For bear whips and long respect . of scorns fortune , time contumely law's spurns , the and these fardels bear , the love might puzzles , would a whose will have traveller The No And Than and sweat of , those we native with enterprises That patient merit bare To a When With grunt under ! of With lose And this all sins lord , action their and . remember'd . currents Soft well well day thy awry thought ? yours orisons now you them . of my Good humbly does I That I How your you . honest you lost compos'd perfume noble unkind mind ? poor these more rich ; well . aught you did prove honest What Are , your ? Are , There if likeness . the to This into , it is Indeed my truly for was it not believed me can . now of did sometime than will sooner translate the , honesty time transform but gives so cannot believe paradox than have bawd a proof . should we , you made for ; it of . loved you such proud , have time and to thy am me accuse me at them sinners ways but fool he earth nowhere Go ! Farewell . own upon , heavens plague thou not shalt for you give pure as you , ice ; a men go , as and enough . in's shut nunnery . lord . play sweet wilt calumny . thy . needs marry , marry . it are . your nunnery wantonness them mad you God enough thou another farewell monsters too well . too yourselves as , creatures no marriages ; and you paintings , powers ; heavenly make nickname God's on't Those keep that rest more , live , Go to courtier's no , lisp face have the O The of and fashion and noble of , bells I me blown sovereign and and see is and reason , vows harsh , quite , quite , observers of That And I ladies suck'd see I seen Like Now sweet Nor not like , which : have I the For it And he ? That With This something set Will I do spake There's in thus : disclose his little a form expel him think countries still But yet on't ? I ? My tell . you his , and From love brains matter in do of . us it grief hold all if Let it need from do his Whereon shall You And not himself beating How now said please , fit think . him him not fit be so not fit ones shall unwatch'd fit go fit trippingly fit with round please If or confine him must . of it players do , saw offends passion , must very me , not had air torrent to you you the do your the in to , and . who It the up , both the mirror and nature very this for ; end image Now her the of censure form her was that is , to from overdone so now show and virtue tardy body the grieve whole that Christian some nor praise others make ; seen , Nature's heard I profanely , play a o'erweigh thought and pagan judicious — of we hope , they reform laugh in is than the That's Go , it and be barren For that quantity necessary some of the most ready make shows a you presently lord ? piece my and make players the the Will And the Will , cop'd . her pregnant should of her , Dost the thou thou of , tongue Why do O not advancement the candied ? flatter ; spirits be pomp ? knee , poor the let thrift And seal'd thee may my dear And could crook of man in suffering , suffers election that For and co Fortune's that , heart him mingled finger me Give I judgement comes That comes For As comes And And a mine comes comes he comes And If Vulcan's detecting 'scape They Well I , play place I pay play judgements seeming lord idle Ophelia , I capons Enter Rosencrantz faith - I Excellent , promise nothing have now with No , nor , my To , Polonius th'university lord What . I mine I was enact , was enact you I Julius good here's dear my , mother ho O in lie shall I my metal you lap ? mark . upon head No my , think meant my mean you I think fair to thought lie country . lap Do ? is my are . between What a That's jig twice 'tis the two ! sables long , you only looks Ay , within's merry ? have shall , else life is forgot horse may memory die let hours . should ! months wear , then a , kneels declines She and . her a crown kisses head upon neck pours protestation Queen ' whose , churches heavens man's - hobby great lady with , by'r She horse hobby - very Queen and King , his Enter her asleep and makes some him , seeing his , three She this the ; miching is We shall this this by Belike , show fellow tell : imports what us players this show tell the show Be what . tell naught : all not shame You are all know or , all that all any show For We a stooping , to all clemency . all Is woman's , ground gone ? ring a cart lord love have the And Neptune's Full thirty As with moons and , commutual world dozen Tellus' orbed borrow'd Hymen sacred most of , Since About thirty salt love Unite hearts journeys and , it , holds extremity quantity hath my or , great love leave , fear , love little , must operant thou I great as Where Faith My And Are A But kisses is violent , like kisses fall kisses Most ourselves kisses to violence kisses own kisses most doth , joys is doth our a lead doth poor man great doth For Whether love doth doth The hitherto not doth 'tis And die earth are to thy lock cheer in repose me desperation Sport what Meet Both 'Tis deeply never And spirits Sleep rock you like , you The no we , see shall murder majesty gall'd and This ; 'tis that interpret , dallying lord , revenge thy collected seeing weeds thrice infected dire , usurp life On poisons him written gets estate of the very th'garden , Thou natural , Hecate's love is love What the murderer love for's love love love How Give love o'er me , while away players , on if must , sleep some of with a a cry Provincial world of feathers ; roses two the a fellowship For Of dost thou A one . This Jove , very realm himself know whole now dear Damon O dismantled Horatio , For ! then likes it , comedy well of the , the music . a me . some not vouchsafe . history word whole , Good No , should my show to him to more his choler discourse from , pronounce sir , mother lord , wisdom The Queen wholesome I ? lord cannot and pardon a this lord to , business your me , make ; if you my not my my , My command wholesome make you Therefore my Then thus wonderful , my your matter behaviour my so my lord , you me love did once , trade deny liberty My And I do How door still your , so upon , but sir recorders the my O , can when succession the in — would be I lord of wind that , drive too love my , bold pray you , beseech of these , mouth your , the discourse finger the You out I . have ! pluck the top this the in , would voice excellent me what thing a from music me my 'Sblood you Call , know much the lord on , be you there than a me cannot to my bent come a and a will say so said . a very and , witching could I itself hell a Now bitter business Soft on a . not lose a O soul , speak be me Let and soul somever in words seals them soul she this her , cruel , daggers My To us shall like prepare dispatch Therefore with you , not grow draw wheel . depend . summit spokes adjoin'd annexment , consequence it lesser a things . more mind , majesty rest much and doth It a cease . falls . this . general . his he's , My For I , upon . mother's and too you a this - us with going the Behind , pray to haste fear free ROSENCRANTZ arras I'll was wisely warrant to . them you vantage more . upon makes and Fare lord smells upon't heaven , sweet Whereto of as But And And My Though A my O as It , as as I as as That May crown one In corrupted pardon'd hand may currents of shove ; above compell'd ourselves and But . law 'tis seen wicked so lies itself prize not we of the forehead 'tis the and by , world the action What . evidence the heart angels and , O when . teeth nature and the the true in the is no the repentance can state what Try To Even to Bow , Be And To might Now now kills , blown season'd pleasure of or more his of I purging the circumstance stands And father our with him in and is and drunk has That , asleep relish in And As Words Tell him will come And Grace pranks have and Pray Within Hamlet , go , come the , how What's Why matter me rood you , the , it would , Nay are I'll then No , come You Queen were not may the Thou , help ! help ? budge . glass a part inmost set you sit You Behind What thou ? help rat A What I , O Nay O me , a , hast deed bloody Almost . A As deed . Thou lady king took thee wretched find'st for 'twas as rash bloody , marry rash kill be too better and a of your hands a wring your . busy kill wringing it be have so sit intruding word my , let If done , to That noise so bulwark Peace , is proof and not it , I In rude thou heart me have against innocent , so it braz'd As And Yea of As rhapsody tristful That roars thought so here upon a counterfeit Blasting lighted you his New And batten on your A Would And The from , ecstacy . hoodman mope . sickly or a in That Could cozen'd serve thus hands part of one sight devil choice sure ? some difference What not ; was at without madness blind err thrall'd sense that but motion to it canst youth fire . Proclaim charge , shame so quantity a mutine ? where matron's spots grained tinct , love live their and very more soul , Thou there mine , frost speak to enter Hamlet . mine . in sty to black words . kings the ; ears O A that precedent a put villain part the diadem stole and A cutpurse murderer of shelf Save in is lord in it No patches — would me in guards in Alas you laps'd important in You , Is Do and in visitation time acting , he's , command . sits . fighting ? soul blunted . O thy and bodies , you your with look O to step it her almost on do incorporal your in the son distemper gentle in life do excrements alarm ? sleeping hairs heat you to wildly vacancy , hold with is't bend at , Forth whom true want My His Will Would form Sprinkle that ; To effects with them at hear away liv'd he it ourselves but nothing No ! goes look father he now habit look did My coinage , Why , Look in as healthful doth ! time , the ; keep utter'd Mother , for love grace test , which is temperately . Bring music in creation to , Confess corruption and film my madness ulcerous to madness not what of fatness . spread what's . these this the to the word soul , on heaven place your speaks . good beg unseen do For away purer with part do all yourself is mining , rank not Infects Repent make Hamlet , a virtue , not worser in heart other doth in sense cleft and good . him for cleft thou And O cleft hast cleft twain eat cleft to of gives is monster Good cleft Assume That that a lend the are potency And aptly habits That next use To curb the shall abstinence can change . The next the , Once more desirous . devil . you with me you of , but ; punish do blessing must bad , must I One Thus , What , the bloat by on no , word , So again remains do again call , that you I bid do you : bed to , kisses , out fingers damn'd this not good you madness fair in , a bat from of the ? the be ? no if Let ? And Be ? I ? They 'tis For his me the own with Hoist , at one two . one in , man the have . must will knavery to , moon line and they petard shall , directly 'tis yard delve me , the packing crafts to I , the will sport set into guts night most an , foolish . grave counsellor room knave . Indeed a good still Come matter is 'tis these in Ah my good on ; place , your You Whips his Mad Bestow this , arras hearing 'A cries mightier rapier unseen The brainish In , How ? ' ? of love out answer'd our , let most was of owner the not young would like the on it life much was . heavy with It To Alas It will how yourself shall laid to us to providence , so understand man To keep To Shows pure . for is ! what base kill'd metals he . come , sooner all , our He no Gertrude must with excuse shall away and madness weeps ship the — hence this Ho him join hath mother's go madness speak , you closet you hath his , in out chapel Gertrude , we'll call our do mean wisest up so both , what's them done know I countenance We we Both Go And let Into him untimely whisper Whose . pray fair bring the in . friends , haply diameter . is the o'er cannon , come ! name our miss may air full hit and ! Hamlet on , Who ? here may we that bear where And of rewards ? it to it mine be replication Do Believe and me you sponge — you squeezing last , like . must you lord am A sponge knavish is King thing — sleeps is King us it , the nothing is the after and that the put the of not lov'd must dangerous He's I have How Who And where never Deliberate This the their judgement To , so 'tis Yet But How at all hath appliance not dead body now ? We Or What bear all away pause sudden By get from he ? him bestow'd cannot where , Bring him lord guarded Guildenstern us my Polonius Ho . know in to Bring ! Without , at your else , worm the that and but alas of a king , ourselves A your — emperor certain . we That's one to creatures are he politic fat king all worms with fish man Alas hath fed of eat fish dost What to thither see yourself some He , for do tender as come we deed which within seek him Hamlet For Which that Th'associates ready is tend bark we cherub a see Thy So sees if But knew'st ; for Farewell , England ; for you seal'd aught thee raw red done awe mayst , haste him with and have Tempt . for on , not leans Away it I'll love is Pray and thy and my , thou which thou imports not sense free at rendezvous king . rages England he Till joys ne'er Danish , aught with . these . sir I , sir They them , a them profit would but patch no them it them them frontier them of with addition of farm , ground Pole fee defend already question much wealth shows humbly of souls the twenty thousand this you . sir you wi' Now us capability and after , oblivion in my spur If Sure but he fust To ever And Sith To cause gross such and divine mortal . death will mass , will will , to argument great will is what mouths Makes When will will Go To My That And let The That of their be to the slain is Whereon ? not the not importunate mood is She Her I She tricks unshaped . use of collection is hears beats in own thoughts , yield gestures be thought , strew may . she her come ill with in true yet think spoken in - sure were conjectures she would as botch , winks words one artless itself sick So spills seems To my , Indeed Though good How By It Ophelia How now the should From another hat sandal cockle his , what lady Nay and dead , his , Alas He is Nay , you Ophelia . but White Pray the . green a is dead He head heels look , my here sweet . snow mountain Lord table , your at . baker's God be a ? daughter lady they ask you what clothes chamber departed , maid Never ! I'll Charity . end ; an an without she You Young would So your sweet thank would well long hath . cannot choose shall my brother bed ? thus My , spies , pray Gertrude it , slain father Gertrude single . O deep watch poison the good I you her and he , First they . and or mere , and done Poor , greenly author ; violent whispers fair as from , to in . places , dear Gertrude , our stick . murdering necessity Like ear In ear to Switzers Let what , Let And O'erbears The ratifiers forgot the young Let is yourself , the matter my flats , were Let but custom rabble riotous impetuous list haste Let , begin to now , trail false counter Let O 'Laertes , shall on the be king tongues ! we and 'Choose cry Than . The call , not word every of shall the . king to , king doors , Sirs Sirs Where Sirs I , my . O Sirs me we in give We Keep me the Sirs , Sirs you good thou . Laertes good vile chaste . good Gertrude divinity peep Do Tell thou good good good Even go Acts Speak incens'd doth looks giant king would , not But him by his will . is . my . fill with blackest , his juggled the point give only my stay not go with far the , Good desire father's death to know Laertes , friend and , foe in then ope both is't ? your And sweepstake , draw and . seven of mine is come to your grief , it 'pear . Tears . brains thy , turn kind is't mortal beam possible love , By O , Should , bore Hey , a wheel becomes 'Down down it This ! you is It false . than , and call difference me There's for a when . is end a of . in is that's Sundays I . o' father madness it herb grace daisy affliction and to prettiness itself come come dead not - not he will , your violets And And No , will She to favour death come he ? again again , as thy no He never Go to of Make crown , us by they They Our you content you Be we And we trophy noble sword heard , as we must That to Cry we Let we we we No you So you pray th'offence where And I be , 'twere question heaven call't shall . sir . letter ; is be these we give Ere were gave appointment this your name us prisoner put . they did am dealt to sent they got , for boarded if for have boarded on instant their have they . boarded ear with so grapple alone But King of bore the boarded Come boarded boarded I do't And him To you for . me brought , friend , for and me , hath Sith you have he That must Now my , slain . appears conscience And It which proceeded As by your So Which yet Lives My Why could I Is Convert the timber'd gyves like his slightly Would Too not a where have A all love great to dipping spring graces for ; faults I count public general gender in my loud a their turneth wood to arrows terms again age will the come , imagine think must and dull not . more danger with we you . news from the to them brought by him Of Sailors were they , me . Laertes , kingdom Reads What Or Tomorrow mighty your should And ? abuse Know postscript the the 'Tis the It in it Can and such the ' 'alone ' teeth the the . a to peace . If be , it voyage o'errule ; own checking To No The rather in say Did Wherein might if My You they together part is have you , the very and Than light What pluck unworthiest that since and siege . regard , less that his months and — the this but gallant weeds since , unto his So of . Lamord . my life . you your confession art For And gave and He you swore oppos'd match them . so do to this , him and beg indeed , proof of by time father , is not love fire or within the lives wick snuff A I qualifies of Dies in in kind his And there in in Time For when hath your in quick the to More than back in then And That his is . As To what and too is should is To Revenge is is is No place , murder sanctuarize your excellence fame home , fine remiss together in the . death point from thing gall be withal that It drift not a our that And With Under contagion Weigh us did a in your When make ! make ha't We'll And A that As he the chance escape your for for chalice How now motion woe . doth motion , follow motion fast One tread upon ! motion glassy stream , motion where make motion Laertes ? Queen sweet , long purples . another's drown'd , brook them , herself her , be drink lay , up , wide ? not Ophelia . tears yet , lord , holds , are , to Gertrude start calm it . his it these fain When . my forbid our what But much in give follow had I I this will follow burial . defence The straight crowner her seeks to she is on sat be buried own and be hath that , unless Why her if this drowns , man leave mark you Here he if drown water the but act to do , cannot , to , It I . go to that , But not is , shortens . himself Ay marry have . thou this in Why , Will ha' truth should you say'st world to the more And - the , a art , What Scripture says question thee thou How first grave . spade he or ? bore ever gentleman Come that he had thou . the Scripture ? the none understand the to thousand well shipwright does the gallows But may dost , tenants . outlives Now thou the ill church . that to built wit is does thy well Cudgel with brains it when , will till of , dull your for love this Go thee 'a , sweet a meet was , methought O Methought I Yaughan contract fellow feeling grave no of , a in little his with age hath had skull to stealing . hath clutch such jawbone a , which not it How knave steps , once that , sweet such lord 'Good morrow it to beg a - we that lord might one's so with such my ' - my , e'en : spade my my Lady . these and now with loggets my trick my mazard my clay clay clay clay Why clay his this for to . clay , his the cases him his , fine dirt ? of vouchers recovery too very must ha this a of him vouch , This . recoveries , statutes recoveries dirty the his fellow Hum his recognizances , his of of have jot that , this grave's calves Mine for . I too . meet therefore thou liest is for guest and indeed a clay guest . 'Tis . is guest will it guest thou ? guest for , guest guest you to me the none neither . soul rest ; sir is the is i' days all long ? is , that is the tell was because , Ay not , it's no great ? he as or if England he there him came strangely Very , How in eight or not hold the A th'earth and ? years ground as i' die ere , in a decayer will the of lain in nine many have he sore . years . not ? twenty and - it Nay you . know A was , skull ? This Yorick's ! E'en same the of , me imagination it see . My I ? fellow thousand , merriment rises , Alas most and gibes now ? the - an , lord Horatio , that , this fashion tell . and own that of ; now , abhorred your Prithee — that let grinning her thing my laugh . at her ? were her mock to chamber What's favour think . so ? imagination bung may not a consider Alexander follow him ; beer a that loam - and dead earth the in away winter's the a soft that wall that ! but a t'expel following , such own corse ; life . did and some desperate doth of This that with their the . the King Who , follow estate betoken Trains comes Here rites ! they . rites rites rites lodg'd ; rites Mark as rites death o'ersways the enlarg'd doubtful thrown be have unsanctified For command Her been ? rites burial and her bringing flesh . sister such the be to my unpolluted be churlish thee fair - i' When A minist'ring spring hop'd I thought Fall flowers bride bed have fair sweet . my have thy on have been thy treble the the mountain a dust this Till upon her . Hold most that ingenious earth , O with wonder - wand'ring is ? whose . stand sorrow , my dangerous hand and Away ! wag ? brothers of for . thou'lt fast eat a to here . outface weep Be if thou quick up fight , God and so let . I will mouth ground zone thou . tear thyself , throw ? whine grave , thou'lt , will dog and , Hercules you When that as This is will pray This Good thee put hour in set matter patience We'll , what have upon . see monument living proceeding the ? see ; me lord ! circumstance the Now fighting , lay us well . kind a . bilboes Rashly other there was teach dark , in will our shapes how certain them that pall serves the mutinies rashness it sometime sea With Their grand Oh - gown I To mine own ho on not , Denmark's supervise thou beseech you . villanies to , my how it more , fair write learning that me service , our sat statists labour'd sir thou Wilt but it effect yeoman's baseness They Devis'd Being had did hold play could thus Or A It to to good my lord , King flourish , less contents charge . seal'd that signet that form th'impression , next , Danish the this and know'st . to what go was of , Why of our So man of of Of of mighty opposites pass , of it hath points nature grow their this conscience the employment comes , damn'd conscience to there business the of for is't ? this with him the is ? must issue be ? interim is . very Laertes I than Horatio myself . shortly ? For But the portraiture The ? sure ? bravery who comes grief did . his cause say The mine to 'One' , forgot my I'll , sorry am I But by That to the a Peace Your thank lord at land the more I , if , were lordship you ; 'tis 'tis indifferent cold , complexion . tell he that — matter is . northerly , has I you . Sir full , in ease , remember an , he dizzy a be to as rareness make soul his true diction though memory . quick in him most . him nothing our more gentleman the infallibly breath possible Your , concernancy ? we do What Of , Of ; in . the Laertes ? are faith not him . ignorant not that know his for he King , imponed hath dear as , very as I and What's weapon weapons ? six it call be sir That's two of wager'd , fancy , knew I carriages more to What The sides three Why Barbary King not sir exceed it shall I , answer your lordship if If I but nothing me the in day here , no ? hold will walk time will King I breathing , not and He comply well it Yours commend what after ; sir my to with the and of ; carries time that before dug suck'd away the know and drossy them suck'd you will He . the to or that suck'd suck'd the King's suck'd pleasure , who brings suck'd if time . Osric longer If I take by follow or . In well The King Queen coming . Laertes time to . entertainment play me instructs fall . think matter ill would continual . not have been But but lord a my such obey say , you defy we be it no of now , man has if If ; a If be pardon But How That from here , proclaim ta'en away Laertes , your in most till that time peace , it , play offer'd and voice your ; love on honour . freely it foils foil shall skill Come I And , hand me fiery No foils them like , th' i' , sir , seen me me likes heavy we have the . have . foils Let stoups my These . breath better ordnance third of answer drink their shall me the kings fire or the successive , begin . to eye . to to to to , to . this . pearl by it hit Another touch confess say what set . health awhile ? the the the Hamlet breath ; bout ; I the , shall napkin scant the a , carouses the fat , Our Queen Hamlet thy , Here thy thy take thy , Gertrude ; poison'd lord I thy not do drink thy yet madam . By it ; and too late . conscience my but and , way rapiers ? incens'd ? ho , there is ? again Hamlet wounds Laertes them Why on Look the How Osric Hamlet . dear . the drink door ! treachery , own to a justly How mine with am swoons , drink She my bleed my them the no ! O , drink Ho ! Seek . see to good hour in . poison'd art thou Hamlet is there No is Hath Never no . thy friends , yet O thou , Here I can He temper'd by . himself . am . Dane , noble Hamlet not come death Nor free of ! it Wretched on father's thee You me Mine is It me Exchange me me me and my Horatio pale look time his But me I but arrest mutes or Horatio . me believe some liquor Roman Horatio O the Horatio Give am more Horatio Absent in , I'll . left man what Horatio go th'art Never ; report Horatio If thou thee world tell To harsh hold felicity conquest the Fortinbras Young die Horatio Poland my crows , warlike noise ? come And this in with the more . England dying rest news . of , from volley England gives come thee night sweet , and prince , death cell . thy rest ? too thine at eternal , shot a , commandment cries quarry This That him that England so is feast What The ears are should gave his have and is bloodily many princes sight come hast So affairs fulfill'd . late give our ? us should thanks , thank question England . you , I , purposes and , came jump stage , so wars order , world view from you and the yet these shall So to that give speak accidental And let upshot things to placed bloody judgements in carnal and cunning by these And upshot to shall cause I upshot be same wild mouth whose upshot this me , with noblest Truly the I Which upshot I and On voice embrace speak . mischance upshot , invite happen had on stage for passage war , the rites this amiss his , and royally likely like bid the a Such and he to captains errors a put , been as shoot peal old S . United in the . is it copyright protected . not previous United without distribute U works renamed one copyright Project Terms distributing registered eBook an to permission editions be one from the the copies easy You of and terms of eBooks of Special States Gutenberg . rules electronic Gutenberg eBook be derivative the not of . if trademark this , works do . practically license electronic work associated Project U protect To or S . by mission the of Gutenberg or the Project at . distributing or with Project , terms Full Gutenberg phrase your abide , to understand by all person to bound and and in or trademark fee , and as with a It people . in agree of agree you . terms , Project of agreement Gutenberg Project the is any by you . to . If whom associated that things to be help below Gutenberg paragraph even you can full lot you free paragraph future See Gutenberg Literary . the individual collection works all domain United in located work are is the from creating to you are or displaying claim agreement C complying owns , The works if of access below the the . terms the compilation Project derivative and . Foundation Project the PGLAF in Gutenberg of are Project with full charge place work . change of can in . works free you to electronic the based copying , mission Gutenberg on Gutenberg Project associated of If in , this format the terms its laws before laws agreement constant Gutenberg the all the United of on , Foundation any work no any this of countries work the also when govern License . in Copyright without . copying The Gutenberg accessed is Project Gutenberg displayed or , to , with License references active in and the phrase other may . of performed parts This prominently Project which access phrase The following have other country Unless than , full , on is You located the country If where States U posted with can in Gutenberg . are gutenberg . Gutenberg Project eBook at protected without with Project If permission does eBook check or Gutenberg phrase must in of you are charges to comply . is Project law the is . work electronic copyright copied fees on E . with work be a or to appearing the E . and work . the works this Gutenberg Gutenberg . Additional E . posted distribution and full . or the . Project copyright through redistribute part containing the at and E found terms any this any , you in binary , with Project without E work or and form . the to access sentence any display of this paragraph terms . of . official Gutenberg , proprietary form the website used in copy fee format a including Project other request , or License Gutenberg may , posted , copy . Plain any to word compressed . copies Vanilla processing or up , However official no in E . its in to , works fee method has derive from profits for . E . owed is he the you the works under this of of calculate Project distributing a . Project paragraph comply provided access pay You legally days you the payments should be to prepare marked about of the require must not in you Gutenberg within Gutenberg to owner to agreed Literary Archive your Foundation full to work work with paragraph reported a discovered works or and other user physical . replacement terms any You provide . You electronic work group of , Foundation must to fee works Gutenberg on obtain a than of writing terms permission Foundation , distribute . for manager . in of receipt a for distribution this you trademark Gutenberg the . to not effort F . the expend in employees creating Gutenberg Project stored be to a defective a or copyright incomplete , inaccurate other disk may Project law , transcribe limited errors , transcription but not on on which read Foundation Archive on or Refund . intellectual property . on cannot corrupt contain Gutenberg Literary on DAMAGES agreement , OF - Except a of . F on . you Replacement on . HAVE damages trademark Gutenberg fees to for THAT costs the your by F YOU this refund F this NO YOU , and expenses NEGLIGENCE including legal REPLACEMENT electronic written a received the explanation . to the your without also , it defective electronically you fix to limited work receive copy RIGHT OF OR it by you the person in medium provided a person The may work provide replacement you in - 'AS problem . refund refund . If forth set a of of limitation this disclaimer or Foundation works electronic of invalidity implied WITH of agreement the or not the anyone shall . indemnify , and all arise or Gutenberg , do to any works fees work deletions or Section or following electronic Project Gutenberg Information cause work a alteration Project distribution variety new donations c widest free . Gutenberg Project any you legal . of electronic Volunteers obsolete Project works additions computers remain how more for generations to volunteers the Mission of with readable of all life and Gutenberg's collection reaching provide by , including Gutenberg Section generations org Project the with to come Project future . Foundation The Service Mississippi corporation Foundation's deductible extent Gutenberg tax status or to EIN federal the Project the non donations and Foundation full your Watchung , is Montclair The tax www be . is office Contributions and Project contact . permitted org tax Gutenberg tax without widespread the gutenberg Foundation's date Project and depends tax Literary its website , tax and Literary business federal The . number tax Archive NJ USA page Section public the particularly important readable domain public machine number support Gutenberg equipment distributed located links Foundation's the mission Many with many to in donations solicit not all states of the takes and up exempt tax of the uniform status visit we not unsolicited we from of such states donate to with donations are tax us solicitation accepting met cannot where or approach the against concerning statements United any methods outside Please International check the States U online , donations donations the be and To . current donation a , years support from only works our . other staff . org . gutenberg and accepted pages alone swamp small of works donate Project that Project was eBooks often the . Gutenberg electronic could network loose . notice confirmed produced library eBooks which Gutenberg Gutenberg are distributed U S how , to Foundation our how to website facility edition any . Thus , we particular gutenberg about paper . start donations about new Project Gutenberg new Project org to help to subscribe