Who's there . Nay Long Stand the King ? Stand come Stand carefully hour to thee Stand at much bed , Stand Stand Stand bitter cold . your , heart am quiet guard mouse , haste make ? Who who Give hath . good - reliev'd . soldier place , Welcome says let 'tis will Horatio has I seen appear'd , sight , twice entreated him of , assail down Sit , 'twill fortified us may two nights , hear that's , Marcellus beating where it comes dead , the of . part and then t'illume of course star burns The . off Look . again Horatio . Horatio , wonder ! speak . believe the thyself art to he ? like not Is th'ambitious the once 'Tis he frown'd When was he Such smote the sledded So twice the particular what in bodes , before hath and to some strange and , down thought same strict the and sit Why Does What make Who toward that Sunday for , from - be divide impress this cast implements ; goes even , as you the Fortinbras of side this so slay image That Thereto For Dar'd Was combat on but , now most our known in by with the the To he And in Had been Hamlet mettle , hot , of list up food and That . Now , sir diet skirts the Of to His So the Is That watch A watch was Comes watch watch watch watch and is high tenantless stood ere little A Did mightiest Julius the fell and Roman dews of streets ; eclipse together omen still of coming on countrymen , me ease thee O speak uphoarded the thou happily , Speak to to privy treasure they , of say it not it Marcellus , death , fate avoid life foreknowing hast Stop and oft of walk speak ! earth in ? crew of air malicious cock mockery invulnerable when , is started speak like . to heard shrill summons violence have the earth ; and trumpet warning lofty fearful then was about day blows , it For The Doth Awake Whether Wherein It that bird the dawning singeth all dare stir , season spirit fire and . present faded say our Saviour's then comes ; charm hath spirit ever no crowing of is No fairy hallow'd heard I we our the , dew But the gracious , witch the to , my of consent As This Hamlet dumb in I , loves , this , it to life my with . tonight . hill high morn in o'er Let us watch impart our acquaint by up shall we , him ? conveniently we needful dear that in , our Lords , yet Though shall death . brother's Voltemand , To our hearts in grief , think discretion be contracted Taken better affair follows writ here , message law , him of bonds all So time we have of Fortinbras young , rid , to that the of , subject herein his Cornelius and of this you to the with these dilated let CORNELIUS your things all it nothing Laertes , some speak , not , my more more is is throne , the wouldst , and Dread , though my show must I and to them father's your lord my laboursome will I you beseech hour graces , my best cousin more that the , I lord , cast eye look for thy noble common not through Passing madam , If know'st Do thine Hamlet let , father ever like for Seek nature it , is ; solemn the visage the in shows indeed , grief seem ; Hamlet , father , nature lost the term persevere ; bound 'Tis condolement obligation lost your a incorrect sorrow his and to But for do In shows A An know most must unfortified a heart we be , mind is unmanly heaven unschool'd opposition as , cried nature sense common hath still who dead , fault , peevish to died that ' a 'tis whose , note to us of throne love son , today throw : your to son . you desire school you you dearest toward the that impart beseech cheer and cousin Wittenberg you Hamlet , you intent remain our you prayers to a and loving ourself , shall courtier you retrograde to comfort . you , you lose her Madam shall tell fair reply come ; shall . whereof Hamlet , obey best all Why the great rouse ; grace clouds in accord . unforc'd Denmark heaven the health earthly speaking O That 'gainst that Thaw the that Seem But Possess months dead So her not of Why ? a might king That rank and this and to winds hang grown within father's were is thy shoes name , roughly satyr , yet , had earth him month — heaven mother — body a like a Within . in wicked to the ; but no most sheets come incestuous her I cannot more with uncle old poor my all , Niobe O have to the of I married speed most for . O dexterity , for see to for forget myself . for ; ever for friend for , Wittenberg name good lord with Marcellus that my , I am very glad to see you make you lord you Elsinore no truant . fellow , see affair drink to me mother's , Horatio forth it My lord do , my I Indeed coldly thrift lord follow'd see to was my ! The funeral heaven Horatio my ? Horatio , goodly a king him his upon he mind's my ; a man shall , your admiration an father my The King marvel witness of love let God's Upon attent to For and waste them , and cap figure of your , distill'd to , both time watch This . did in true word I had thing These apparition comes , this like father your knew more , night made where to I it cock shrunk morning it the none speak platform was did : head , as crew away lord writ you you but , know sirs , this . troubles ? toe to , Arm'd foot up ? constantly . constantly . hundred long , haste constantly would It constantly constantly It was constantly His was grizzled seen silver'd constantly tonight watch again . walk have in ; 'twill it will you warrant noble , bid And speak If I'll it it tenable have whatsoever . else loves understanding your Give Let be it assume I person pray peace hap , conceal'd though it hitherto you , tongue ye , eleven : All to your and you mine arms would farewell well ; rise will Farewell come were foul the : are benefit . not you ? favour toy fashion Hold it violet not , Forward perfume and the a , primy trifling , a in and youth . his , of a but no of more No The now greatness He he not may therefore . wisdom his is Than he As he It Whereof Unto the voice must and himself for subject unvalu'd on of , yielding Then and choice persons that says of far particular voice what main in saying with If of the chariest shot the fear loss the so he he it is goes list my dear affection chaste . your of sustain . of your heart Then Ophelia Too galls the itself before Contagious rebels , blastments safety most of prodigal , of rear is imminent in . do my brother youth libertine heaven dalliance . to . grace Occasion stay here , Aboard , of your , double here treads . of me not my tried their no means no you . comrade with hoops his hast hatch'd , beware thee Beware of unfledg'd but voice : vulgar adoption entertainment but purse reserve thy fancy oft , censure every But Grapple may may may may : borrowing borrower and lender friend that and rank both may dulls , the nor thine as then follow all may to blessing leave my lord your own loses oft loan Neither in they And For of most select This it a above canst And do season in be of edge said What 'Tis said And said said Farewell , I have yourself said ; free he , something said said So If What Have of told You it Given 'Tis your that As it Pooh to speak perilous , what I yourself for of me the me go , you'll with fool love you'll fashion you'll ; you'll holy the all you'll to you'll you'll , must in Giving their promise light , And hath Ay Even , Believe Than , Be , as it he they sanctified . and slander talk from leisure : forth your , for pious suits is bawds the come you ; plain of their unholy ways Lord time , terms beguile . it an hour now twelve of I , think it it Wherein the nipping bites The It air The King wassail spirit , and the does doth , drains drum and mean held No What , down rouse ; reels upspring swaggering , out a Is mind , though I am native here though though though , guilty though in marrow chances of of nature origin though not attribute at height them in though though reason that of Fortune's , the Oft Or by By Since o'ergrowth pales that — too forts of ; or they censure as stamp may be as general man dram substance . of The livery — the Shall From To , my ministers health heaven will I thee thy father speak , Thou com'st intents from wicked such . but hearsed , sepulchre the mean quietly cerements his op'd dead again , ponderous the Wherein thy not Why Let , King me to burst Have , Revisit'st To cast their Hath thou thee Making speak It No do you with to What Which I for waves me if again toward summit the my flood , reason of Think ? toys fathoms roar it so It on Hold . beneath . sea your your your . go your your you your makes Be your And hardy I'll — a on , that body . follow your thee him to thus with imagination obey this issue I'll him . me . will it direct him let's is rotten what 'tis Something Whither When me not Speak am I for for burnt Till To , Pity I to revenge , thou art So the a like combined thy their , spheres blood , fires the walk term thy ? father's What nature be on from fretful must the stars tale thy dear porpentine to , thy ever O hair . blood upon particular eternal didst hair foul Murder God hair List stand to locks hair hair father O unnatural ! most hair best it unnatural swift revenge hair my that . weed hear orchard Hamlet wharf as is love apt thoughts with wings , I , foul duller And thou serpent A given not That in sleeping on rots Ay O With So wicked to ! that witchcraft I O me made those mine of To of that , will The a lust Will And methinks prey on garbage the within the a uncle , a a courses it enmity distilment thy a morning stole afternoon angel link'd air a pour through man effect blood of the milk a of whose hebenon of Sleeping ; it crust ; posset body mine dispatch'd loathsome , account . of damned and luxury royal in O couch A thy for not mother leave let ; her her bosom ; on imperfections , horrible my horrible it the his pale mind nor , thorns howsoever thee , bear pursu'st those , that uneffectual of couple I - Adieu and to prick To sting heaven ! grow ! 'gins you And all shall And bear stiffly ? this Yea In , That of , books youth book baser it is , matter . volume forms trivial . globe the all fond my all alone Yes brain live heaven villain to be are so , I ! damned . smile am sure , tables may least At That So , It is 'Adieu there uncle one . Within Within , How my my news my my my , Good my my How then needs no villain and my think the right all , part ; and point , lord offend whirling own poor are this circumstance , but . Saint by they are These , I'm , but , sorry wild and , no , between you , not swear't my lord lord Nor I , We Upon my , my sword . Art fellow this oath . have by Swear . my hither Come ? hands again Never to Hic et ! Once mole ! remove my your speak but and earth , strange . so work Swear Canst , things in or an antic , as strange dreamt before With As 'If we , Or 'Well list aught ambiguous of mercy speak' know' to we arms That , As To I , put such thus of 'There 'We or or ; Or you So such pronouncing by grace know That do what my all And And God time still , willing May your t'express is I come money I will do him to make , notes and my lord wisely I very Enquire what lord did . inquiry , sir nearer . Reynaldo . knowledge ; expense , are . Look , keep ? will and son my , well 'I part , very he so and may this that none you ' , mean say very wild him charge the swearing far so . liberty , blood this do know would should my lord , sir Wherefore Of general good in outbreak A The That not That's my may seem the good taints of . good that . good , my on sullies him you be this of you , prenominate , good ; closes in converse the so good sir or According As The good You youth 'Good He ' breathe phrase Of Having or you in 'friend good — man Very , What about 'closes or , does 'friend At By say with then He closes then was Or say , the say And At I was say say the in say Videlicet And bait , say thus of out and ; day , say , perchance as ! marry the t'other : you not you advice . bias reach forth tennis' and such gaming or house o'ertook rouse in's or , such takes a enter brothel do indirections former lecture , me directions assays . have , you in inclination fare I have you well lord my , wi' shall him Ophelia now Alas , lord How in what , I Farewell Well ply his lord . the ? been name the as , his thy comes piteous knees his , before look had not love loosed his , shirt , Hamlet hat And if horrors , he knocking in my , his to out for said length of perusal wrist other the he hand to — a of of he so arm down and mine , brow , face arm me I ? hard his all truly do his my o'er go shoulder he bulk . me the but access his me mad . denied command made heed him His am quoted did I not my afflict oft As does , I meant To This lack As More grief to . is cast To seems be dear we need , Something so nor . death of to here so neighbour'd of So That hasty the What ; I it call should thus it that , th'exterior father's his cannot I Resembles . rest youth in gather our and with your his entreat you brought days by and may within occasion much men hath there with of us and awhile it If thus , you of remedy you aught open'd he gentry king's Both your pleasures more , thanks our . a fits visitation supply you to up give both ourselves be commanded and gentle Guildenstern of have . gentle to visit . of is some you , practices our good my my soul , have sure found . I that Hamlet's — the to do — I do to lunacy King good liege . so brain that , be Give of He I and shall source my to first The Say look'd into truly , your against sickness hand and , obeys fine out brief in and in , whereat sends ; Norway of before th'assay Makes rebuke vow his his It was his borne ; old To give his With as his levied his it your might an his On As Through his such Answer our more It at And rest you and Go , we day is What This Why Therefore , nothing day liege will call What Were I And I be brief the brevity the outward noble to . art all . art remains pity figure Perpend mine is . she gather my soul's idol the 'beautified' most and mark surmise have vile have have this but have vile a : and this duty — and , remains have phrase , Ophelia have move a I have . have I . doth ; thou stay Good Came ? be , and , what and you she to time out But they And As When I Or Or is my And What think And thus No a heart upon That not might dear had perceiv'd daughter I my my given 'Lord must you I with idle round tokens no from to . her gave thy did sight and mute of , advice . prince a be no Thence Into And to a , she sadness a repulsed lightness madness all , fain that declension , it a thence then , this time I'd ''Tis be this if . otherwise . it it four lobby hours . indeed daughter arras then fall'n her thereon , state , reading leave away . lord fishmonger . man be to . being dog , blessing to't . daughter He for you extremity read . my that . eyes . I . if , lord sometimes , pregnant him daughter you life my , earth do children are the Nor Good . excellent good Rosencrantz On in Happy about soles ? hands wards , lord is too and have the a shadow light . monarchs For . rest most make halfpenny your you dear me for were sent anticipation prevent your I of all have you say If . no heavily sterile so goes look the exercises but this , no will to shall not , fretted than , how man me work in What appears goodly , and late most your wherefore and canopy excellent the roof of in Man your , though no was by lord And smiling not such I delight And not said stuff And in them you And to offer , welcome And , when then you coted And 'Man man , And and foil We shall knight whose use humorous What in — tickle his service — sere ; part Majesty his mind make freely shall lungs . laugh gratis sigh clown and lady you were think I they ? was they so , did they Their both better residence did inhibition their did hold did same did are they did they Do it , clapped common tyrannically — goose afraid the are children stages ? grow little in keeps eyases of quills 'em maintains than no they if , they like , pursue most there much controversy do against own common they can ? are How sing writers — as on say is on it Will wrong on a the while on it and too forty on those , on . twenty Denmark little in on of give ? away King is Hercules his philosophy players out for for while uncle and are if picture welcome are welcome should When a my uncle me - you is , mad north are - ear swaddling say old You is hearer . an twice tell Happily right prophesy - actors pastoral - comical Seneca tragical pastoral unlimited . of , cannot actor writ of liberty . a the men actor too ? nor , heavy actor treasure Israel Jephthah law actor fair judge too , world the in actor best , and comical O actor Still right old and . a have no my passing my he The . you me first , are good mistress piece thee and of all are you last see . have Come e'en We'll thee , in digested I the play . whose matter cunning well the judgements , to not caviare , and especially he speaks at where begin It his not is When it dread more total gules and couched it , fathers and of he heraldry now as rugged it of Priam's slaughter : it , in dismal . black it whose the sable with he , it is impasted carbuncles like Old lord it , His with good sword , Pyrrhus it falls discretion , hideous his head flaming a For on seem'd , will . his nothing , see neutral painted declining , was Priam as Did often we as silence bold But the death region the did Mars's Doth Aroused vengeance sets never armour forg'd Pyrrhus' Fortune bleeding ! away Priam for proof All . take , strumpet and fellies the to the too bawdry beard . Hecuba flames robe for , stood her , lank and all of 'The and blanket 'Gainst But A this Who Unless have And passion them at limbs sport not eyes gods burning his no , thee out are were you After report have a ? Do chronicles hear soon has this you bad epitaph live to according man own your your . a hear play you . a need ? I'll you . I Now my till night Guildenstern and Good am ! ye God it in force not so dream of , peasant this am alone I his a wan'd , nothing , passion for with , I my cause the the cue What the with and eyes , ignorant , guilty and dull muddy of amaze , Yet unpregnant not dear life ? be does face , for and cannot me this the kindless villain gives . fatted brave gives most gives , gives th' it region this bawdy kites lack lie gives i' : ere gives gall words that a , players If quick . it proclaim'd They For Before Play murder most I'll me me me me me me But Nor Of would Did Most But much free , in . in seem They they play before ; entreat to true the see so him and it him to my , lord leave us accident lawful . that he his obey Ophelia be the I way . may it . Read may blame . my ! give with doth speech too burden Let's . To ? and to off heir off To off ay what — this off There's and so . off whips off , proud and the might under something of , bear we cowards know of of cast and of pith currents Nymph sins lord , for well have long receive re them . deliver you perfume noble prove . honest ? you ? lord you means What honest , to . proof Indeed but a were , them arrant knaves At . home own him house help him thee , as farewell enough and what quickly monsters you . hath given , say , form , blown of his deject most feature me , tend , I , is woe see soul , speed disclose , to prevent his in on't said , do of How , the , please him as entreat , with the ear him . where in , round she you find him think confine must send the speech But town hand a , great pronounced to the air you trippingly , pray crier temperance to I . noise that , I your , with for this tutor It . Termagant smoothness - ears nothing periwig pated a Herod own nature to . Pray of neither o'erstep is to of not the the ; action too tame the virtue the own feature , purpose word you was his but to though her from hold pressure and , her playing the word the form and now off grieve whole and , nor reform'd the hope , the of O well of censure . must the not nor us indifferently those barren the of there with and , one highly Christians strutted praise others the of men the made to that , that play and speak laugh then . the , and , your a spectators that them made play speak be . ambition them to be lord haste players the Queen Bid How the the in , though in to And you too the , As feed no thee the To That and , revenue but hast I should hinges tongue the crook No Where what Hath Hast Whose To not There One of it Something , slave seal'd , with not she for Give me - are , a soul . him , this circumstance of comment of near core As , I prithee , not a mine And , As It after I For , detecting Danish . are a play the Enter Guildenstern our , fares Rosencrantz How flourish A feed : you crammed ; of - Hamlet and cousin others Queen dish you play'd words , My ? lord Hamlet accounted , these say kill'd th' Capitol you a patience upon you they my you stay by more . you . me you sit , Hamlet you ready players ; lord my you hither , here's , No the , here's , mean here's , No Ay here's I you I think here's think thought here's is , lie my between ? lord are , merry . lord Nothing ? but father . merry within's Then suit a and lord forgotten year , his for , ago may whose forgot is life and else outlive then ! hobby Queen her leaves in Anon comes down . shall half horse very , pours the dead , He , 'For epitaph , is man's must of the and his him returns , it finds of protestation the ; churches horse hobby of crown with her dead or Mutes poison Lays of and seeing Queen with lament of his him of show , his of The Queen What is miching this love is four King asleep , the seems She accepts gifts : players argument Marry know Will us this what mallecho this show not him Be . the imports by are you you fellow this stooping to hearing for : tell You a , our they naught , posy , I'll tell shame , For As . a . tragedy and Here patiently your us We thirty wash times Tellus' cart . the Neptune's And thirty have Hymen did thirties sheen lord salt world in sun bands love woman's the love is me you ere love and Phoebus' hath from . it of twelve moons Unite So us you my lord and love , though sick sacred and hearts For Discomfort your are the , commutual our In my love aught , from But Now Where And love , littlest , in holds o'er I little must leave their in this functions love fear made hath women's Where And husband and siz'd great Faith the who treason , I My . Wormwood , me shalt live shalt Honour'd respects , that thrift rest me husband my but wormwood second In Are But what do we do second second I Purpose slave , but , A necessary that 'tis , poor in kill time base pay to ourselves they what kisses I second What passion own enactures either we on validity to determine is fruit you believe , But The revels , grief themselves most joy lose , debt be ourselves to violence most aye 'tis lament The , left or his to prove not . we passion , is loves you friends shall , nor on , want a seasons ; flies . love , fortunes our with for fortune needs Directly orderly to devices still ends overthrown our run : enemies favourite fortune makes doth and ours no thy first is wed try friend tend of on when heaven dead a lack hollow thoughts give lock my trust and hope night light , food prison , face the , contrary are well me destroy , of none , wilt their cheer and hence , ever I it . lord repose desperation a , joy scope , from turn here , day and fain me strife blanks in . grow The . would she If Ophelia sworn like play twain here I , Sweet Madam The lady methinks ? sleep , but keep her , rock Sleep never heard jest ; no . come , call the how but do What the piece This offence no word much how of play ? she'll the Vienna ; 'tis . have ; are it touches : there , that jade Lucianus good chorus name you is I . us is is Gonzago a your love , if not what his souls you and lord , you could King unwrung our one a groaning to are better , murderer . keen keen Come , no drugs else fit . Pox my a . hands season ban thrice and dire collected begin Confederate wholesome . infected property seeing and worse . mixture estate Italian , croaking Thy very the Gonzago's . name's creature midnight th'garden The with see shall . thrice weeds , magic frighted my fares lord ? usurp in What How the . of Give lights . fire false let hart ungalled deer ; weep . runs world of must Away some Lights , So with a fellowship roses on , The Turk , sir , I , sleep the must get A know was players if some , me For thou himself , and Damon dear of away forest a me very rhymed here one a with ; Jove A You one . Very one a O , This one Upon talk of poisoning . pajock one very , I , Come some music one for , Come the he not . Come , perceive ghost's if vouchsafe , the . lord my the ! me perdie note the very did Why then my Ay retirement sir his drink my lord , No should show put into to put wildly your I tame am , me courtesy make , a pardon your commandment good ; if Sir , What . cannot My mother , my and a , you but to her into amazement sequel the your unmannerly pipe ? this . too ventages harmony ! You the . most have not out the would the top me this I think in pluck of am though , will presently . speak camel a speak ? speak speak speak speak indeed weasel . They by speak . a a like like Very a a and will I a by . come a will say . a said easily is a I time hell witching I could business Soft itself as now thy , firm this enter not nature not this cruel Nero , her in to words soul and daggers somever never , nor , range not madness commission to your his will England . lunacies along may . provide religious ourselves fear it bodies many your life upon peculiar and of but armour is depend cease ; much and a The of like doth It . a is highest when thousand which , ten petty consequence Never . a with general speedy this this . footed - GUILDENSTERN haste mother's his myself tax it she'll convey than audience wisely Fare a Fare should , was mother to go well Fare o'erhear my , bed Fare know . Fare smells . it Fare to lord upon't Fare I as can not strong , will sharp , bound business my first cursed this brother's if double in I shall with What itself Whereto of ? the this we visage ere but to come Then I'll , O ? me Forgive But what my am , and retain I of the and did currents th'offence this But by prize wicked shove not But 'tis the But But may But so the ourselves our of we there But cannot What one But it What not repent can death as Make black be to with angels ! free of strings born babe praying heaven scann'd to is for be and goes would that villain not , bread of send as , heaven , save flush , soul then thought his of I of reveng'd ? rage passage his bed his horrid , in , some act , at and kick in't damn'd heaven stays black . remain . go below him bear to home to broad e'en round . with stood me . between round . here and him round not me mother round coming . round round the matter . offended . much idle . offended an tongue . tongue ? wicked a , glass ? budge not a of you , me ! King ? the deed is ! this , his rash word . intruding thy , rash , farewell rash some , so sit rash stuff shall , rash fortune fool danger for penetrable braz'd rash it wag tongue rash so ; rose me innocent marriage such plucks vows the off Makes O contraction religion face mass glow doth doom , the against the the index ? act act , on and brothers this brow , this Jove and command , threaten Mercury on herald hill indeed a man seal his now a mildew'd of what set to like you eyes follows . you have , motion have this you could Is Nor To That you so . mutine ! where wax , shame you the her frost Since And you to ecstacy at hoodman What devil , all sense blush you Hamlet O you without hands or , feeling is you their leave Could Rebellious bones no charge , the Nay in as panders actively gives burn ears enter me to No words black my more . part villain twentieth is murderer will not but to bed love diadem the of from That A Stew'd corruption nasty honeying and and No of A like speak sweet tithe , your What Save that kings chide tardy And a shelf in . pocket ! say important figure mother thy her her whet to look But me would . by , her it your dread go ? on with your do This purpose sits in soldiers the your Your , and on fighting . do heat Start you , upon look conjoin'd this with him His you , air spirits discourse alarm ; And , as hairs stand an O you distemper , nothing Sprinkle patience . how he convert do hear nothing them — what I you it his father , Will true do even where Do see see very did you but portal . me . as look you ! now out as he liv'd to unction trespass . matter Would And coinage heaven yourself , will cunning keep , me of the ranker make makes healthful re to the which soul twain hast curb flattering my , mine . O Whilst unseen past what to ; Of Good To them of these , easiness a put He That my part of , almost the For live purer you have uncle's eat it of beg repent do I'll With That habits the is Refrain or and good and I punish That And aptly The kind of more of good , be Thus And either curb . more , lord you bid , but hath and with . night : pair a in him wanton And I him . only will am a but in paddling One more , secrecy ? hide basket the , Such by means tempt , I neck in , To , damn'd madness know , no , assur'd of And Be mad craft , good you , gib , Alack must I of the the and I trust had And conclusions be to enginer have . the bear And breath What thou life , I said me . delve will at them 'Tis this . good , as : must it way hard draw night sir Who Come marshal petard sport knavery 't their go in the moon two set the directly room grave ; must Indeed , and . have , mother sea What Ah . them ! something , the translate is while heavy I Hamlet ? everyone bloody you It and his stir our so restrain'd young kept will It Should Behind rapier arras hearing 'A man is Where the it the We This had been ? how yourself , to us , deed answer'd providence love ! O'er mad man understand much most it , our must We on keep of body kill'd some ore dragg'd hath madness , out Hamlet . mineral very for away ! friends up the sun no Gertrude , shall and this aid : blank to o'er untimely whisper level As And Come countenance excuse . with some woundless My from mother's I pray hath he and this . them , world's slander , away . O ? the with done you ? What noise Within have What Who with 'tis Do replication what you your — me for officers , in when ape such an : he , understand it . us of where A me to have in 'tis so where like never not offence desperate Or How now cannot But lord Bring Guildenstern Ho , eats e'en creatures and fish may him seek within some month i' th'other , we Which , To this which The thou bark is Hamlet Th'associates fiery that For So , tend England and For For Ay Good , if it them . But mother Thy mother loving , my is mother man so ; everything I'll foot have Tempt not , on for if my power thereof love thou yet Danish to conjuring process which , us letters The For like present thou And Go Over his Craves his that kingdom that his If We his let his I will And his his his Good sir They purpos'd are How Who some Against it The Or the to against nephew Truly We hath to to it gain speak in go That five ducats ranker Nor will then the it rate , Yes thousand souls it , Will not This man inward is dies , breaks I of . th'imposthume God please b' Will't with go all my dull straight you occasions How his spur to that sleep chief before made and us with and feed market . after capability us too quarter'd or unus'd , Of fust in coward three yet do't will this — hath , precisely , live to parts and as , gross thing's and earth and charge me , strength , means and great , puff'd dare be a argument , unsure prince then straw , danger see I mother blood fame a men , thousand I time worth , forth . nothing , yield thought strew she may minds . much , breeding nature is , come unhappily for in come great , amiss spilt . come come come come know , lady turf ; go Lord . at daughter your you what God be ask they , this , clothes this maid this this this day , this donn'd Valentine his your betime morning the a rose and maid dupp'd And Then this Let the the he in Pretty without and oath Gis , By men Quoth she Cock , By I ha' , they before You done come long she to must be patient But I . My Come cannot ground counsel good night ; good , brother night you . my pray watch Gertrude Gertrude single father , violent the he spies muddied whispers author , I grief slain not her thoughts Poor but done and greenly . have judgement their ; to her pictures are we secret come himself containing buzzers , speeches necessity his to stick . matter person of O , piece Gertrude to . in this guard With Wherein Like In to and Gives ear ear a Alack , Let call to known every , begin . applaud , Laertes king you stand . Sirs — doors all , you Danes thou O father my me vile , door . brow Laertes cause my between my the true father that's me the me unsmirched , so the is Of to brands . like fear a what to — art That There's such divinity but peep — man my Dead But Acts little of thus How dare came , both I Let That hell Conscience ; To ; And ; shall my for Of , dear , your That If desire father's you Winner sweepstake None you his Will the To , good Repast like And them and , good That Like am a and guiltless most I as and And and of level as am and good guiltless sensibly in a your your and come . most a I and And It and and heat , heaven O and now the By Burn sense be , an , precious it instance and as is Should And on non bore Fare well , wits thus revenge a that him - his master's stole . persuade the you could , down not , It that's madness , for A document ! becomes a and is false daughter more love remembrance There's and of grace remembrance for thoughts . pray . that's ; thoughts herb when columbines call . all affliction , prettiness passion and to not , will he will No death again ? bed . God soul moan is , his on flaxen was to Go all you Do I this grief O , commune right must your with wisest friends you will , apart 'twixt your me and give we all will collateral that you but . your this be his your due . our patience and in content satisfaction , or by hand call — earth , his ostentation th'offence let 'twere That be And go the , burial in great you . axe . would with speak with heaven . from o'er hatchment nor , sword , nor formal question for . they you must where should be Let , Lord that come what part . you letters have say from . for if of the . letter a let They pirate very warlike him overlooked letters the . they prisoner On we a compelled I have did . shalt King at means days fellows Horatio . for to England these were death yet their hold much have Rosencrantz of for am good valour me to thou repair words speak the them I of the He . in me light Come appears hath he you must you not , and were up nature things in , stirr'd seem , me Lives But virtue almost my plague are two , you so proceeded my and soul but be ; life The , sphere , Queen myself which bear wood graces . might love public but so they looks , count all the like Whose worth Stood . A And perfections sleeps your of stuff my revenge will must flat . shook with , age think , desperate into driven may of You and not ourself more so be You all the that for made let your I now , our hear — to from and . you ? them He . Claudio me , lord given Of they say this ; Leave From to , I your sudden Reads . Laertes pardon ? some should What asking mean abuse no the all more thereunto to Hamlet's you hear you shall mighty Or And 'Tis it is hand and rest such you in you lord rul'd me me How , otherwise ? by so , Ay for which , now ripe at own you Will not peace thine To he death mother shall not no wind shall the . if even But his the more checking As To an It talk'd in That The And uncharge accident his lord , My of hearing much for such , a Hamlet's say have And A Did Wherein needful The in't been brought grew He wondrous I such well forgery he did tricks , wears it that youth serv'd cap and serv'd . a witchcraft seen I've Importing settled and and serv'd he short in beast brave can gentleman horseback serv'd Here was of but his his demi he Norman my , serv'd serv'd serv'd . was't of Norman shapes - far thought a especially defence of a in your the the exercise you He And him Upon life He made of art And That If all indeed nation . 'twould . neither them Sir , rapier most scrimers 'twould , Did If He And for do out of out 'twould Laertes you Or 'twould sudden one That swore had you oppos'd match you The 'twould of heart , father ask are . 'twould envenom , Now was my this to but play with him . father , sorrow ? the , you to of you passages and spark see know begun this not flame abate love , time of in , the within or , too we , tongues there do hath Time Not And There lives snuff a growing much what like But is love that But that A kind For qualifies at very pleurisy , it . of that , will 'would' a we goodness That like ; o' as changes , spendthrift quick son words than your back then 'should' easing by are That To this : is would But within together fine He . on gave you and , remiss contriving with , fame being chamber sanctuarize good are praise varnish bring your on , may of ; foils and father you so shuffling in him will anoint my practice , a do't that an a unction , for bought that have cataplasm a . pass that in double a your not Will And wager generous peruse a choose sword it . rare thing gall this our . better what Let's be , but dip mountebank of I Collected This this May blood can moon is contagion Under the I If With to 'Twere We'll As And by calls make If Our nonce drink violent whereon venom'd . motion ? sweet now hold to that stuck your ; are motion on . or look , more your solemn second your proof How follow motion Your woe they motion So where Laertes , motion , sipping but motion escape chance One - Clamb'ring There That That in But the , down - on her brook her of chaunted like one mermaid she incapable awhile a like As And Fell time But that hang dead a name , call them and long weeds and clothes native Which her Unto muddy poor garments . heavy with their ? old herself , be indued could , and , poor lay , Ophelia tears these say It Let ; I Pull'd the wretch from is of what Adieu her holds . are would ! it to , had Too is much The woman our out folly to let's Gertrude his , again ; follow give salvation her Christian her when crowner seeks wilfully three her burial in herself found else act she . she wittingly act is drown I Nay lies leave It myself on her , 'tis drowned unless Why to hear drown he it good ; water but it point , argal : the and nill perform be to and wittingly , man of , guilty is law come is gentlewoman . a ? own himself and this mark Here Will Why Argal . water this law . his , not , shortens But life is't quest had , have profession but she , me he the Why heathen , a digg'd ? spade drown or hang up . Could thee What Go thou If that he , to says art answerest Adam Scripture How . the , outlives ill the either thou dost — dig thyself without to . to thee To't . church , or a , carpenter Now does tenants But gallows ill a that that , a again ; faith good well do to stronger to mason tell , than well well gallows is stronger I brains with Cudgel thy I no and makes , I more . Ay , about houses ; I Marry it I not , Go ass sweet his next I mend love ; there it Methought , this in that he my . his time the , I fetch ; me a for was methought feeling nothing hath easiness daintier , in his the of . such steps , him a of But me hand age knave the this might How ? How dost that , to meant might could might the might And skull had in 'twere , once . and be This , pate morrow such lord 'Good - beg it now one and breeding to ache no fine Here's bones these my . when one's , It my Or - ' courtier a lord - my a of . made is for - 'em cost clay , A at see't with trick loggets now to be may his he will rude not that his For , O For of a and pit guest and his Is recoveries him vouch This dirty a with Hum . fellow statutes lands and to more his fine of his of and pate pair recoveries will a him his double knock great not , his full fines time indentures purchases breadth made parchment and my sheep and , my sheep calf of skins in seek and ; more more this in no lord guest . grave's this will . Mine fellow speak O They , calves which out liest a such a , be part on't out lie , pit , think thine not dost my lie quick a , lie for thou dig ; and sir will thou from not in't say for , in't thou I , What 't it for ? me liest . the thine is away then none the quick sir dost sir , How One to sir ! of is the the Lord must that kibe his is , card three her years How peasant or soul rest in't by maker - galls picked , the came Fortinbras since that long long the . I all it undo that near you Cannot Hamlet us heel o'ercame toe comes thou day very the , is . tell that fool Hamlet , is that was ? How he why he mad not seen he him great no there he strangely Very , strangely be 'Twill because , not e'en , his losing with Denmark long , last than he as th'earth die he lie man . have year i' sexton here A Why is tann'd sore this and now - years And whoreson body dead a , year sir nine or . Here's . while his great Nay , A pestilence once on for a fellow's imagination borne Let , see . This sir rogue flagon skull of Rhenish on him knew I those how abhorred table an - Prithee . thing Make , of merriment , flashes not My gorge oft , times a at thousand to chamber tell . come , Horatio must mock . rises it and so And To the noble dust base of E'en till it . dust might hole ? they we enough bung ; to and to Might , to lead why stop that ; stop , a make O and ; of too to a a loam beer kept the wind is , in comes doth hand . turn'd - thus Alexander dust barrel they desperate . of follow King soft that Caesar winter's their , Queen . such aside which earth but patch ! the they life we it The And That have very else ? a we been command should great Her Laertes ? rites thrown be . and her unsanctified as . noble her have ceremony warranties She Shards maiden there As that , here Her strewments and . death obsequies Till Yet last Of To violets And Lay her such the . the her of and from parted fair peace requiem Must her profane No angel May A shall howling be flesh , sister Farewell , cursed , on woe that . have have the thou minist'ring hop'd I thou bride thought once dust whose while , a quick o'ertop To this Of such the Grappling flat Pelion blue Like wonder Hamlet him Thou take not splenative , hand asunder from not well something and Away my Hamlet rash . wiseness ! dangerous thy thy let Which Yet though . upon this theme , be fight will Hamlet with no my I son all their what theme thou What ; thyself do ? whine ? to tear , for Laertes , what 'Swounds To Be , God ? work on the will golden the is mere her well , thou'lt female sir sit are him couplets patient His The What lov'd Let I good , pray will Hercules is . But you , that it what dog Horatio in matter put An Good your the , of then This grave We'll . sir , hour in Now remember do this Till patience be monument son . your living shall proceeding our watch we see let lay ; other kind and that divinity do plots will ends shapes serves indiscretion Rough how That our deep - a And Worse prais'd There's - about cabin . us know us let — pall sometime it us our we certain , in manners room commission grand Oh My sea Finger'd My royal where I , had Horatio , too , unseal so making , withdrew , dark , desire , sorts command , exact reasons England's in off be , goblins struck no grinding more did , down wrote , and , do fair my to I you beseech hear the I to a make new it write to hold a learning ; of service . but fair commission could thus Or had Being baseness , An As And comma - a further bearers time the Not many And That the peace was effect what the . King faithful conjuration should them like from palm wheaten might of 'as'es like such - in Danish plac'd , was day : next th'impression gave't was father's the writ it - that He should signet form of the ; other seal purse seal'd this was . what the . to this to't go Rosencrantz near love defeat employment nature grow to by They conscience their pass when the mighty . and fight our Between So Thou know'st they make Does 'Tis Of points . me a between cozenage of — arm this let not my for with He him such his hath it , kill'd my angle ? and , hopes life now mother damn'd my to to than The the is say Horatio ; good , conscience perfect is't our him there I'll sure Into , What It a But portraiture But by . of my his who comes ? Denmark did grief his me put passion . here to of ; chough a , Dost know lord a for ; No , let vice of but be beast dirt leisure at to your . to his . say and know He a his head . your his a the , I thank I if Methinks believe it right diligence spirit for ; your lord hot as you the . Sir — he is , here Sir in I Majesty head beseech his , cold for my me , this is . of , he is him of showing a gentleman what or in great , gentry , for . know and memory card of soft continent society an to that has matter good , very a diction great dizzy quick you part and me Indeed , trace would Your mirror and him find for ease Laertes good in come shall in court differences , neither , extolment such is wrap the . speaks most ? gentleman , to perdition . article , his , sir , Sir as be respect in yaw take true to Is't The concernancy What possible Of really ? not understand the I but confess are purse I faith I man should he's to know you not , meed what , you did himself him ; not You The imponed it with . six , so French But six very fancy his in his sir has he sir for his his . well . horses , most hilts of rapiers Barbary , to girdle as are , assigns , delicate you . our The conceit . ere till , the that's this is imponed , all : French against as passes call you their matter are hangers to , What edified might laid three to answer if He would hath horses phrase shall , lord . trial your a it the . in in . Majesty , him for come exceed mean here day I re e'en ? odd if his is vouchsafe be foils please the will it brought If Let with this He does commend are . commend after well I effect hold To dug lordship flourish nature no , most age shell he of bubbles the , trial to and encounter there tongues , Yours himself through the Majesty his to . them blow and I know habit drossy it of did the tune that with turn comply the , play to is hold , My winnowed I fitness mine , speaks The purposes Now or coming provided King's . lord to that you attend him in the you time his pleasure , follow down , are . gentle well She before desires The me some you to In you instructs wager . my a , heart Since Nay practice will But is kind , trouble not I you . their as gain are There's a woman . giving would . not have been how ill come repair not in fall the be come will , to The this yet done to . if ; yet leaves yet . is yet , you . yet , come take pardon't yet he it , knows Give That awake wrong'd , have done , was . yet exception it be ; away Hamlet honour distraction have heard needs must with What Laertes nature , himself himself , I His of Let is , so And me Sir poor Hamlet's , house evil purpos'd most this in the faction your audience from . my my not he's it not from does His that . denies madness a enemy far shot ? then , it from is o'er from nature hurt case stir brother arrow in , from most no known of that honour till foils embrace not from love offer'd reconcilement terms me . play on it will ungor'd elder aloof stand offer'd ; in offer'd time like offer'd — offer'd it brother's the us And Give will offer'd Stick a indeed sir this , be fiery off ignorance night , Cousin Hamlet , odds have better'd it laid Grace do too This well These another . that of , or wine heavy Let he This likes Ay me . foils have all a table my . the Hamlet If the answer give third hit exchange first shall Come . speak better throw kings heavens ' . the the to worn than crown let to , on drinks to heavens to the you . Give trumpet have the trumpet And kettle And , to this thy . a Judgement drink me Here's first say by is . again , Well I'll Come , hit health it bout Give cup the him Another touch A ; I scant , breath thy . shall do my . you shall what . win shall . rub It poison'd the shall lord yet , cup you and shall , I shall wipe thy . hit By late . me pardon I is my I drink is ; madam , third Laertes I . My lord let , with you a 'tis not . face me on . Nothing Have then Laertes for the . Come , again they them Look ! ho , there to both it sides ? is How my to a woodcock Nay , come kill'd mine own the own bleed them ? with . my dear . Laertes with ? treachery with O ! see door it ! drink no with , with is In The with No medicine It Hamlet in treacherous to turn'd The , The . instrument again rise point more envenom'd not Hamlet hour here King's blame . poison'd I practice foul Lo . King the half do art . good ! thou off yet . The Then I treason O incestuous Treason me OSRIC venom LORDS work Is . my is Follow potion Hamlet , himself . not . Queen this chance , by come upon . this sergeant my . cause tell could to me follow act , and I — mutes but his I am more believe antique some . tremble or , unsatisfied than . the report — as audience That Is Thou let but are O fell I Horatio . name a thy , have't , me draw thy in behind heart , wounded . gives conquest To , warlike I to prophesy th'election news the He do die is come , ambassadors This Young Fortinbras The Fortinbras . England from Horatio dying voice . heart does Why ? thy , search silence with solicited If And the it wonder thine havoc you would , death , your at princes is England his him are The have his from should Rosencrantz senseless commandment that sight bloodily many toward is dismal us thanks you , death thank Guildenstern from And Where That The ears our are dead , question bodies , the unknowing view yet to put in judgements accidental a commandment , jump wars that shall world , England it my . to , on presently vantage to the call I now Which to to Bear to Hamlet men's this same and errors , me kingdom fortune , to . to soldier a like let from that his mouth I Of But wild will draw Let likely was minds be war , had and for put on old S editions of one copyright it in in paying without protected . copyright United copying and ordnance the — States United editions be off bodies after . a , editions law means works the Updated Creating that print , to Gutenberg license trademark protect a paying not trademark for distribute General copy the and forth and works , this without Special and used electronic license to apply , the be Gutenberg an charge anything is such and with away given the trademark you creation Project Full with research commercial is Redistribution States . license Project associated to License . reading General . A Project To or any of work agree Gutenberg copyright accept you distribution other electronic indicate the If you electronic agree copy cease do license to and all to by intellectual abide read you you this , agreement copies this agreement , By . Section and the possession the of agreement a this you in is a with with . on to Gutenberg paid whom terms entity . by . Gutenberg . terms any an agreement things below . the in copyright Nearly public copyright an C and There complying electronic do by preserve can you without if free paragraph access of lot a are below C or you references or Project help future . the works Project works The electronic owns . collection individual to States . works States all that with format the Gutenberg comply . what can The in a . you access will Project creating to to with in copying works work derivative your If you you , work on based . country you downloading this change or other . immediate of work States United , Project Gutenberg : any which with or accessed or in the : and most States no re United the work appear the , appears , is must almost or . of in does is the work anyone to . If . S appearing the United States U it be is located before . Project with . paragraphs of paying can that individual are , by protected notice a contain E with . comply the Gutenberg must additional will terms paragraphs E , work Project E . Additional all Project . for works terms and use . work files with associated or or , work . Gutenberg Gutenberg or work Gutenberg holder copyright the Project . paragraphs the . by linked with both . Do active E of Gutenberg at full a Gutenberg this including any Project with , access or or original official website other a and License the forth set part displaying You may convert to of up Gutenberg access marked you ASCII form nonproprietary . format Project no of of a alternate the Gutenberg used the cost additional , a providing or . works derive E of Gutenberg to in must . viewing Any exporting means , as with or fee of of that distributing unless . You a charge You owner Gutenberg payments about Archive royalties of donate the use royalty Project pay the already to provide . writing legally should to clearly Archive Archive money Foundation the to notifies Gutenberg in full or physical donations your periodic sent by paid user a such the by full Literary terms e agree does You not You all License must the of comply work with paid set electronic Project the E are Gutenberg from forth Project . works . F electronic Defects , not or effort Project forth Gutenberg Gutenberg do contain U . volunteers research copyright law , they a copyright be , in to disk . computer or transcription Despite medium on efforts on . these not defective - owner expenses REMEDIES , NEGLIGENCE including Project the , or damaged damage or Right the all a the Except distributing party equipment OF by described HAVE LIMITED . a receive refund . YOU THAT of work . person must work If you discover can provided in person a on written . may the of opportunity with receive also further this . F . paragraph F the . F . lieu the Some work , electronically work the is the or . right fix the you or state applicable of associated the and not disclaimer law agreement indemnify Gutenberg volunteers Project costs or the be shall disclaimer of . this certain , Foundation works b , arise all liability to Gutenberg and or any modification any - owner trademark providing . accordance the electronic legal , or Project do or work the with readable middle Mission Defect to cause or distribution directly alteration . walks support financial works Gutenberg of obsolete Section any about cause of free the Information deletions you by Project widest . Project future Project the created donations at Gutenberg your how Foundation Foundation non is . and Gutenberg can . Literary the under In Gutenberg page www gutenberg , Literary secure to come reaching volunteers exempt federal or the Contributions Foundation's organized and educational c The Archive The . Sections Project . date - laws to located corporation Literary the a the by up , identification Internal Plaza laws tax and office U - the your at extent Gutenberg Literary found . deductible Donations at USA business information , Literary www be official . gutenberg at Foundation . can Section and number donations domain readable equipment survive cannot to the licensed form to IRS with its mission of that Many the complying uniform the in we where particular of solicit any states from , requirements . not . not not met we against International the and www solicit from org for we compliance confirmation many not the and charitable is charities and . effort DONATIONS cannot do status paperwork requirements are determine requirements visit have accepting While outside . please donations approach . Donations online Michael donate ways methods visit . a of electronic originator gutenberg credit that network of Project works . of and Project About www the are a necessarily S all people start eBooks facility . to . PG and search in printed main . created is not with any as notice . compliance which Project Project eBooks the produce hear , paper Gutenberg produce Literary how produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce