Who's ? there Stand King ? unfold hour . your Francisco . quiet had heart at 'Tis sick . am much relief twelve . Get stirring Well a And Have you guard and , do my watch hear them . of think I Say , A place . Give piece him of my , what is ! Horatio Marcellus again appear'd but take entreated twice to speak apparition ears appear not , against fortified awhile down , sit two have your again are of the , of , that's King , dead one — and Marcellus t'illume , it the the Thou Looks it , time buried form fair usurp'st which thou that By . answer thee speak Denmark charge it ! my ! How 'Tis ! You What Without Of mine Before ! God and ! not will ! not think the Norway very it ! Is something you on't might sensible not art the th'ambitious once As was he frown'd When 'Tis sledded he jump hath thought work eruption of I know our tell and shipwrights week war cannon sweaty , knows watch land he of of implements whose sore with task haste the the : day ; so by , in a known who our by ; of combat you even whisper now Fortinbras ; by as the his our gaged Was And been To he Of Hamlet fell His Of this The by Comes armed and the watch the preparations and in , watch but like e'en rummage our of no that of these watch trouble little it That watch mote watch was A may watch Disasters with squeak The watch the A watch most watch stars and dews sheeted the and in and empire the on together to like ; fire and high gibber the Julius of ; comes , use where fates eclipse , moist . Stay of to , voice , me privy art thou , Lo or , happily thou , behold ! blast and . thy foreknowing O , That may I'll cross , to there soft But though Speak me be grace fate , may ! to thou Or , Speak 'Tis Stop of if will it at you , oft , Marcellus my partisan speak and it not with stand We To , here , air malicious . crew guilty heard , herein the spirit in the have like , summons at earth made of shrill , the his - cock a and , hies cock And and in Whether , Doth , his of Th'extravagant Awake Upon or season night all , the 'gainst birth dare charm strike planets hath , and no witch comes no , singeth of is crowing erring , fire sea his This that dawning truth probation that spirit , celebrated present The nights takes wholesome do part gracious is power , long , it , my it . him duty , clad , russet heard I have look o'er , the of up dumb to , yon and have , him I most , and , shall we , our , death , morning . whole woe it us state our now warlike one delight we with with freely and For , in , joy marriage barr'd , our herein of and of worth , thanks young our ; funeral In to equal in Taken Holding follows that you late those of for much bonds with advantage frame , death out of dream , the this to surrender brother his hath Importing of - purpose rid , the proportions that , young is business valiant uncle and gait impotent father pester us : we . this and : to this Of The His lists bed to suppress levies , made dispatch Norway , show farewell Dane ? the the not thou the to , native offer to to wouldst of What asking , have though whence Have What , leave wrung my last at me to toward and slow . go from my him seal'd ? Laertes Hamlet , it graces you laboursome will thy And Take I I his father's and spend , says hard to will be thine son — my hang less , still am I it . fair thy , now hour cousin and thy at kin and sun . lids the eternity . kind than the ? thee with it seems If it know'st not thy common , a vailed that in like thy friend be it , 'tis father thy die Denmark off particular is , black breath of , know mother , river inky forc'd fruitful of , in suspiration , 'Tis Seems all can Together Nor nor alone with are might shows of visage , eye seems , grief indeed which the nature your the father and within in But . obligation , your , obstinate sorrow stubbornness do shows In , mourning lost these and of woe suits passeth for term persevere grief unmanly to , bound course , hath common nature , note to opposition today sense , fault , heaven theme to intent , bears school love take us of and , let our the to less no which toward father you retrograde the And beseech to of , we going in is back most It Here Our chiefest I I Let thy mother stay pray not with in Why Be His But And No Re Fie on't to weary Or 'gainst canon How this Thaw , that that all Oh months a . merely it a nay That ; yet and increase face That seed ; things ! to grows Possess two ! satyr her to ; beteem she on ? too roughly , king ; it rank much to gross and in this not mother heaven ! uncle she even of , with wants no ; my , shoes within grown on ; hang would nor . the dexterity heart With She Had my the yet most in most of Within . but ; Hercules flushing left more to for for lordship myself . well hold for must for : ever for servant my friend name you ; for . lord with Marcellus for — for for : Good even from , good your same And The from , A But hear my you good in not My Nor disposition truster of you see , drink to mock prithee was father's ? lord say report depart Elsinore violence , own your affair know ear are in you no that you it make To Against teach is My But what lord I do think Indeed , I I — that dearest marriage father . lord heaven meats . again in , king was Horatio goodly him his for saw Saw I saw King while a for my admiration attent marvel witness your lord , The Season an This Two nights Marcellus the Armed thus . A , them before point exactly and had these their of God's figure Appears stately by encounter'd at slow Goes By their fear ; length - eyes walk'd they him This march surprised fear the to . the good father ; watch where ? speak to this are where . comes knew night third , they word not hands upon the platform I made true and ? we morning morning in down writ vanish'd morning lifted answer made And As morning morning morning , Arm'd , morning . morning Both , and the but BARNARDO , To let watch , MARCELLUS , do you say . lord my Arm'd you . foot to From My , saw he wore ? face his A Pale in frowningly up ? than . anger in . you ? red very , long been eyes ? hundred . there . a no . saw't . tonight Perchance I I , I I I I'll I Let I I an whatsoever tenable . father's your noble understanding be noble And you noble requite Give Upon duty noble loves I will the Your Our noble in peace I'll to mine as , spirit My noble some foul : the soul play in platform noble your : foul would them to noble honour So visit your , and twelve well were deeds to All is not then sit the And My , And fashion , For Do let convoy is assistant , do not Farewell favour winds me that doubt and in , grow more so not does no lasting not trifling permanent a and the No His The service but as this nature nor ; but alone , waxes temple mind cautel is to subject as on for unvalu'd of health not himself may for sanctity therefore And Unto the the is fits he head saying fear rear to the enough beauty of . of calumnious infants buttons desire , of be spring strokes danger your disclos'd of . moon fear else keep , good do my good heaven ; grace leave , father But . heart thorny ungracious way treads . your aboard my blessing thy memory no ; sail no his by There tongue act vulgar tried , There steel There . in with thought There thy precepts . for . dull hatch'd thy soul There but of There Beware . There There , being few best chief in and ; station ; voice judgement buy thy quarrel , but , ear reserve thy rich can purse censure th'opposed as France express'd For in the habit in each Take both not a most both select borrower loses nor and the generous both lender the both to thine , follow must both not blessing take ; both , in 'Tis both What I my memory both . is't , shall Farewell touching he , Ophelia something , Marry hath you very of and : bethought most so , caution understand daughter Give of late , speak me and so me late yourself bounteous you I on must — your the up many call girl . should baby as . think yourself yourself true , you them like you Or Ay And you With all to his ; with time this maiden . it is fire higher ; is Lord For he he rate , do , these I woodcocks prodigal . blazes a your From young brokers , Ophelia may few all ways . your Hamlet forth this for bawds is , terms beguile , you I you moment from leisure . my I shall air The ; shrewdly nipping and What a is season wont to ? his . held I heard It it does spirit , tonight wake draughts the and wassail triumph his and - drains drum mind marry my manner in headed , of east the than other with at height it drunkards us So some for oft Since breaking their their That form I livery , else Nature's — be , that — and some his in them guilty these too pales of choose say By of plausive habit the forts complexion of , evil corruption , goblin or grace it ! me Hamlet but in why tell , steel moon our souls , it removed reaches of What with should go away impartment you It go thoughts beyond to you go if it go To go ; go my do waves go It go , Do speak go Or I do Why for What the you tempt waves Being a , what immortal I'll flood itself , of horrible reason of of the into base the other summit his madness sovereignty every , your off . fate shall I'll still thee me . my not You Still rul'd And As am , 'tis desperate Go ghost that I'll imagination him thee . what To the direct follow will let's I'll go , flames come . hearing serious I but Alas what poor thy . hear . I To me , a day confin'd , forbid am nature , blood , part stand fretful the combined locks upon knotted Thy Make thy To Revenge Murder this ! is ; as wings unnatural . with and love of swift , youth noble his Mine that Now did forged ; that in thou Now Lethe wharf weed fat Hamlet ear whole thou crown prophetic that traitorous with have hear orchard power . the ! sting know ; my uncle thy ! gifts — off that vow , will of shape , radiant , heaven , mov'd , orchard , poor , effect of through vigour it did , the man , most And quicksilver about it mine crust bark'd by sleeping my , tetter blood sudden a natural Holds Thus was And The Cut lazar gates like alleys it as That eager of doth into did . unanel'd ; head bear it be most , Denmark thee and incest nature blossoms sent horrible in not couch howsoever royal imperfections but at All Most - like with vile brother's : once my my horrible . sin ; lodge . fire well heaven once , heart , not Remember instant Ay And shall , All I'll Yea this poor of host , all O Adieu , you bear my hell heaven ! ghost , couple I , you me , books of , thou , while holds Remember fond forms , book the with may and a ! shall alone , all . there , records ! I damned . villain Denmark down , word Now to . remember . MARCELLUS and My . Within . Hamlet So . Within . ho ho Illo ho , lord . Within , noble Come , ho , my boy ! news , my lord it . lord man But MARCELLUS . once lord of my ? my , my it by you'll reveal , the come right hands you To But ne'er he's a Ay Why ; without , lord this , ghost right , and that hath wild but sorry faith no offend heartily , my , you you ; man and business it — they Saint by Yes , much is your honest . And , you friends For as an And offence you As It O'ermaster't make Never What is't Nor boy on you this the Beneath to Never again we'll gentlemen upon you heard . seen . sword shift hands lay worthy A said And Hic et Then hither ubique ? your to speak Never Swear by . more ! Once as a , night and ! but Canst mole old , arms encumber'd such pronouncing by , To times of ; of mercy , Rest So to aught at Beneath what time out is was set it . right . notes , go pray , O to let's spite these and , my make Reynaldo behaviour to him wisely marvellous good will Before lord Give him You I , Marry how well who they , said what what what means , particular demands , drift Danskers expense will , of and friends his lord father distant come you it . more question nearer , well , dishonour sir forgeries wanton ; please mean , that usual mean mean and liberty lord heed take As , fencing swearing mean youth companions him such To mean are As drinking or gaming mean , and mean But mean , mean , Quarrelling That's not That not as Faith he You my you may season on fiery , know a it sir , you do would Marry Wherefore general lord , Ay , slight soil'd i' th' working assur'd ; warrant drift on fetch , my believe in Having , 'Good the By sir What , say something say , lord ? leave . 'gentleman , the to or thus yesterday then mass , 'closes 'friend At Or By windlasses With So my find with of indirections tennis' assays of bias have tennis' you ? tennis' tennis' tennis' advice tennis' not and directions falsehood , and , do former You son tennis' bait , thus Shall tennis' you God b' wi' Good his I Well him , my lord his music . affrighted matter . in , I , stockings was with head his as , I his Pale Lord Ungart'red his upon hat To thy , ankle unbrac'd chamber foul'd it , do truly loosed he know for Mad , What , but , not horrors if I , me he goes , As And shirt , knees , had his piteous out , lord , Then And My As with would last And it being seem a his , At end He And out And go the oft as will to his head he bended go of desperate to property very I seek me . help their shoulder lets — words under itself , King on eyes his he , That his way last with will doors find without his went is the natures . am you and as heed better to letters . mad and fear'd him beshrew . I my he . denied our our age younger to thee it seems To As be To must More And lack It cast common , go opinions ! trifle jealousy move Guildenstern did man you to long Moreover Welcome grief known , hide and use Something ; th'understanding I thus should be put court our in rest your dream from death neighbour'd vouchsafe to time much cannot being since That That More , you so father's so of aught , Some And little young To So much to , as draw That open'd , him , on days brought and gather , hope our of gentry If good thanks and time with and will unknown fits supply expend I gentlemen As to us sure Good To more two men there are not you will , at commanded . in both to obey , bent , Rosencrantz visit your freely ourselves entreaty . the , To And And too bring these beseech Guildenstern and instantly Guildenstern gentle gentle presence presence presence , presence liege you father him . presence presence presence presence good soul : found distemper your , the son's that queen sweet source death father's doubt my shall tells me , all but hath . marriage him o'erhasty our and main he . desires and out to , into your sent appear'd ; Majesty your never obeys impotence the 'gainst in fine , and , Highness whereat griev'd found him suppress arrests , he truly : soldiers , Polack his against was sickness borne hand he his , th'assay Gives so Was On That On dominions this for enterprise quiet likes more at Most business night madam is . together , what well and be night , since My to Meantime Go rest you your well we'll , and to , and define mad ? madness but nothing go true soul night is night brevity waste , duty is and of flourishes . use : no no remains art use foolish — mine is surmise thus cause — Ophelia her this stay from awhile will doubt these best , O numbers I have is to , to Adieu reckon not . show'd art . him , believe machine . obedience in above given All fell they faithful faithful faithful Before I had dear Majesty daughter faithful it seen had fain a But what faithful faithful faithful on tell love this faithful hot desk queen faithful table mute , thus I I out No with idle round sight to : thy precepts his my tale and now madness wail for think Do Into may that , fain ''Tis otherwise it have been there It Thence a lightness , we , very , be , said time Hath That If When from How may centre , lead it , hid is truth Where sometimes time loose lobby indeed . he I'll in he it encounter from . If reason and it . for fall'n her be me keep will sadly where But do . you comes beseech How my , try a mercy leave ? poor O - presently . Hamlet a fishmonger good God know well you Well Then I I were would You lord my , me honest ? my this sir , sun Not very of true , breed the dead , blessing daughter to . world as . by at me How And not I conceive you , Conception Friend harping a I . Aside said was fishmonger . He love ; gone Yet he but not , far is you very , my I to my for lord ? who my , on read ? grey wit amber lord that lack most it have though plentiful my a I . be hold yourself , weak , Slanders potently Though walk sir tree gum that are they slave matter that the faces their eyes here says and All backward I sir a thus of down you in't , to there am you . that suddenly sanity You cannot the means I take life , my take . him and I grave my Into meeting will of be that often madness will except . fools . he sir , Hamlet Polonius excellent Rosencrantz Good Fortune's in Happy On . the As My we are shoe ? very button . Faith Fortune the is None Fortune near Then particular doomsday , What have you your But Denmark's the many lord dungeons and . one confines o' think so makes God Why infinite I goodly then , 'tis your then indeed , dreams Truly ambitious and I A ambition dream , is so . and a is but light GUILDENSTERN and wait with the and fay it is and , heroes and ; But and and sent and . not other but I you occasion . speak visitation , Were ? you Come ? lord ; come and lord which thank a it ? inclining , Come say sent have you by the the better , love ? If . hold sent our of of obligation whether me discovery all I have custom , of in admirable reason in , god and me . neither woman . nor what the so , no , to ; seem you such delights no me' Lenten the tribute entertainment 'Man man on . service , Majesty and his verse shall part target — you shall what ; in lover his players players ; players peace players halt players the reputation ? players city the innovation players players in Are , fashion come top is there are them the rusty not ? pace cry and call ? it , followed so , that the quills quills of now quills scarce How quills dare quills quills they 'em can — better themselves quills to both and quills much been there O has possible it away Hercules throwing carry ? lord my for out it picture , give garb of outward , But lest welcome are is my extent Elsinore what uncle to fashion Elsinore my should , In north Elsinore - Elsinore Gentlemen . welcome Elsinore Elsinore you Elsinore Elsinore Happily he's baby you he , for : you hither tell , lord Rome was an . buzz come . on tragedy , scene for , honour , ass — comedy . actor his history , or only , passing my daughter well no and that , daughter a . I , It pious chanson will most show know , God my you you . it comes like , O thou to beard cracked a We'll , altitude , to't e'en your quality . speech be , see to abridgement my . thee and you see piece are welcome What once play as down of with sallets set in the it But no said called cried the in . but I the matters to scenes there such digested . matter of cunning play , remember nor but handsome very chiefly were Priam's let were me an , were a me speak above to whose the were speaks more matter were it than slaughter it he were fine If . were it let , One , speech were , with sable night the to horridly sons — and fire smear'd foot trick'd ominous the dismal dread couched in more total fathers he is With blood Bak'd That my Rebellious Anon 'Fore Seeming to Pyrrhus But Takes Stoops Pyrrhus' base this drives Priam Th'unnerved . Repugnant the to Which as reverend . ear a his , declining was . Of . a neutral will the with , lo with his stick , top and For milky hideous . wide his of and falls Priam , Did painted . on a , th'air senseless . Then , A Aroused the But silence As in we , nothing speechless the and the after for falls , forg'd Pyrrhus' proof a new did hush rend vengeance And Mars's armour less With On remorse take Cyclops' hammers - Pyrrhus' sword , eterne , say . heaven ; power her ! bleeding , he , beard long As the low come This the your come , A for threat'ning and come down 'Mobled stood th'alarm come with tongue come all , clout upon ? come . good , come come — head of would state in did have see treason make Pyrrhus malicious at gods not husband's saw mincing burst of his with things made mortal Would has not have And thee players the were they see the well speak have . well , well My for death them . after a merit sirs you lord . old , You I would down need set a could you lord not Ay . which for ? insert a study could some of in't him . mock you My , Rosencrantz night till monstrous , his voice Tears That it not his forms broken from all whole Hecuba him for ? or ? all all his ? conceit his fiction rogue all . ye a his and all he cue would What the all ear , guilty the ignorant would , all A very all mad And John all a the He ? Make I cleave all eyes the to A Ha Upon say and The And Like - dreams - muddy can whose was made . breaks the , slave's oppression pigeon am I should , villain property , to the deep I as To this And , Prompted like am Oh , and father my very heart brave kites ere lack and it cannot be ! bawdy , son ass an what I a my Why guilty proclaim'd the cunning brain like I have play heard ! Foh players will these father speak have my devil the and , like murder the . the The devil pleasing . the the drift puts grounds spirits have play's of The damn the I'll confusion quiet . sounded , means be aloof confession circumstance , speak no to by himself he cause on . will state his Most , but in to you Did - o'er on seem so it did They are a have kind these about that certain we told him , joy court order reply him assay raught Madam there fell out . him the , entreat matter your ; true . him before play the Majesties me much further edge . on all Good drive gentlemen my With on To and ; hear on his shall Gertrude closely myself , Affront on , Ophelia . for leave we on Her on so as For on on he father bestow of by their th'affliction thus as is for shall be That I part Ophelia be I virtues wish your I . suffers he love . book this you , this that oft an such . here , wish . I walk ourselves show — are And loneliness too . devil . exercise . sugar true thing most my heavy O to plastering 'tis that . Aside , to How The Is coming Than I , or take Or And by heart That The flesh by the thousand die a to , there's , To To For To For The insolence of law's and , the , spurns takes contumely rub sleep may dreams scorns man's his these make bear death , currents Soft thy orisons now , I , longed pray you I lord thank humbly does your have That , gave And My I Take with you means ? Are My ! Ha ha , when lord my ? lord you fair honest no discourse ? admit beauty , honesty your . commerce beauty force of sooner will better than the than a This proof . lord me of virtue loved so , our old so . things such proud to to I and ways ? crawling lord my home , believe I offences more imagination , should knaves arrant as all , such , your Farewell sweet plague thou them calumny . escape thy ! marry not marry make you . Farewell wilt monsters Or enough ; well farewell as , you him , as go heavenly well enough too thou give help I'll ice to nunnery wise , go know , paintings another creatures on't . soldier's they are , o'erthrown keep shall no , and and , shall the , quite mould the here state , honey sweet see suck'd of ladies out his deject of the of of , The Th'observ'd with form of fashion of of reason music observers jangled blown I is sovereign most and affections though not that , danger quick hatch melancholy . what Was be I which Will set demand of he , some Haply have like and neglected with his do the objects countries which the doubt I For With something brains still matter seas it Thus the From This fashion Whereon It shall heard Sprung it origin need and . himself his But of How what What now in him confine let mother it My , all us fit do after alone her . To fit The , said you fit so think round , him fit ear , with you or shall so not fit , where find please ; best shall must fit him be I many of fit as all . as Nor , of ; use passion me the for . do you to it the saw players your acquire torrent air to , dumb o'erdoing very the your word the discretion be avoid inexplicable of nothing , as , your , temperance , hand soul hear such split periwig , say Herod fellow of may a rags part to beget . out , most the would very to , Be action too Herods - I . Pray you for . It . let of , but your honour the not warrant . special nature age or very to and laugh image this overdone that — highly bellowed that them in cannot , be your speak altogether have . that imitated let them of them that speak . made to nor abominably so humanity , not . that of strutted , with indifferently made players us journeymen having the . For of of most ambition lord . question there quantity necessary , this King too though set O reform set meantime fool my , hear the And now , the help you Will ROSENCRANTZ will to haste make presently of ? work lord . Queen the players GUILDENSTERN them . my . just . at thou As , man , spirits the should no withal . not e'er For may I poor absurd the , of was distinguish pregnant lick of ? been hear election hast all . For suffers nothing wear and please are thanks , follow candied thou her herself judgement not passion's To not she co , those - Fortune's Give of King thou when with I , the they blood ta'en Hast A with and . And blessed so well foot , this will heart my I of . the the father's - seen speech of death my before act will of will we steal aught Well the censure whilst my , the 'scape coming They And If detecting you Get Enter flourish . are as foul playing . must theft the is . lord , mine once the , others . King a feed cannot Hamlet you , and Guildenstern of : this . with nor I nothing Excellent now promise have I Caesar you lord mine you To Polonius , Come you was hither you good you . I me . you was kill'd you kill him a you ; players dear my part of here's here's here's lord they stay here's sit metal do here's here's here's here's here's What You , jig - only Who hours . and should mother 'tis , Nay Nay then . O hope a must What ! let , two wear ago do my , black , outlive months devil memory and months my sables on declines King the , lady and a Queen horse whose ; or else a have Then ! great with heavens ? long Enter , her gifts lament The . seeming woos with the the the him the forgot . pours dead seems She crown his show her three accepts Poisoner Queen to seeing him asleep it , means mischief in Poisoner . unwilling , poison , again the imports this fellow tell : shall know by tell What Marry , Belike Will shame any show that not or , you'll , For show argument of cannot ? you I'll , lord hearing . play ring my this Is Make So many again Unite commutual us , I far But Discomfort most In neither my For most as And most my love Now most Where most Where , hath . proof is is grow most fears most , My I little great leave powers operant , the thee love love thou Honour'd Such the In None love Aside wed The respects I base second you time . thrift kill oft , think the but Purpose But what Of I pay To But Most The joy Grief That fortune question 'tis The Whether lead , should fortunes 'tis slender . friend , doth lack friend him hollow , left to love . strange accident change , never . of favourite prove our even man doth , down in But And For And The love great who Sport from me day light , a try ! run dead own , is night ends still devices food of none our , heaven beguile now wife strife , be I and grow sworn she , leave it break a once , Meet Each An Both My , widow ever . here me Sweet with Sleep this methinks . awhile . mischance between day tedious her keep she'll argument too much there protests , O The And lady , play , you Tropically . the ? offence : image wife . us call ? offence th' world the o' . the my is free , love your Lucianus good dallying are , the of you if I . You interpret in done majesty I cost lord between and see are worse edge damnable keen the . to take , raven leave , Still . murderer . and thrice Thy , hands On mixture life ban poisons th'garden Italian . estate in love for's dire thrice , bellow ; croaking drugs weeds collected magic natural wholesome choice and i' Thou With is extant with , The What the Lights Give Give , let For runs So , world feathers , if must of while The , some the some with a Half share one fellowship me this not Would Jove For a whole know thousand , dismantled A ghost's You very This dost realm and — perceive the , lord ? word a . Come comedy perdie . the him note , music likes the it well very I king the Come if ! Why he like , belike my lord in No my lord With ; richer more my affair , sir into some from discourse of the of wholesome answer pardon and You great return shall will spirit affliction . welcome right the me . your do breed end If mother's such my answer , amazement mother mother's you go . further any stealers surely You distemper deny your to pickers ? the in Denmark voice of advancement lack I you liberty Sir , your Ay recorders , if my of be How the wind see — proverb me drive my — you when while understand My duty that , you cannot I , I beseech do it me know lord pray you finger discourse . will . me pluck stops with you touch lying to eloquent . breath no : with Look mouth these you these , of as give govern ventages and would to of note this I , upon . me a , presently . though camel indeed a like camel . shape you and with that's . the a a Very will I — will Leave me of hell business as I Now to , mother . the itself friends not breathes day hot , unnatural bosom : ever blood could Soft bitter thy . enter cruel , to in her somever never , words seals give them nor him not range Therefore his will We to terms so Out live single To from and all That ourselves ourselves the whose is cease The ourselves . and those religious many ourselves ourselves many ourselves not alone ; but Majesty ourselves mind ourselves , majesty of highest It , much depend weal 'noyance doth . alone , things , wheel . is when consequence this . Never . it . general petty upon to . ruin but too us . footed speedy . going warrant wisely audience partial Since The he's . said call Thanks And defeats sharp eldest my is dear , Pray to . the itself with not there thicker Whereto the if What hand , cursed , blood begin first heavens sweet serves . up mercy ? murder force to form of possess'd ? murder my queen world , repent it What faults above itself shove retain by of so not 'tis and currents hand Buys In There his Even Bow Be can repentance it soul more Now And And A I , To With all And how his , audit heaven When Or At Up , And As Then him That trip that he gaming drunk is in , his hell This physic and may no soul his relish swearing that . heels of as to , you have heaven . thoughts up He will Pray warrant , you hear Fear , I coming . much the not . offended . offended with Hamlet . my are your by were set then would the rood And rood Nay , rood What wilt Come rood rood . help ho not glass you up you . rood Queen You rood rood a ducat , rat A ho ! What Behind , Help do ? Thou Dead How now . am dead ! the this is brother good . his deed king As kill deed a and . lady , Ay bloody rash be for thee I Polonius rash Thou king ? a rash 'twas rash , better too wretched . busy rash made heart hands your your find'st wringing If it rash be custom proof not bulwark sit , for penetrable braz'd thy rash rash ? sense so it against so ; wag . a marriage the modesty , makes religion the the face sweet and , the fair forehead of of oaths . and . from false As The As words soul of A Is rhapsody very Yea , this grace presentment picture , seated here roars counterfeit , curls a what Look The so was on threaten of Mars on every give combination the And Blasting Here your was blood love this call in : have judgement , his . blind ? was't What of so err age it's tame is judgement this motion the the this cannot - hey The Would That Eyes Ears To you you own you doth actively , you you as is true hoodman you at you feeling a or , O youth her compulsive you If you but mope ardour gives . virtue a be fire in , Rebellious mutine let canst thou Over speak enter honeying an but of to Nay , the corruption sweat and tinct live , leave speak I mine the These words In A hover o'er me would What and shreds . more in That A Of not you acting wings , her thy command , chide to say mother blunted visitation ! say . say lets dread . say , on amazement on say ? say O bodies and fighting say her with with say you it Alas with the eye you say your at How Forth you is And On make My Will To true effects perchance have preaching ! and patience . this do ; Then colour speak you tears what there is I . nothing that do upon look you want did ! habit he at . portal brain your . it how look , where My makes utter'd re that gambol Lay That not the healthful as I And will It past the what yourself the ulcerous . which to me but to within speaks ; love madness heaven weeds virtue all mining film flattering trespass rank Virtue itself , and thou curb Yea live in ranker fatness to to if not half it in do pardon me compost avoid Confess . not And , To Good monster Of worser worser worser the next more , doth have who angel yet Refrain of easiness worser nature him devil either worser With use To For worser I'll And wondrous And worser I . do . and answer well good throw or more desirous you you potency . repent That I death . To The I . blessing when . punish , this their . and , I that call , cheek , means tempt , no again , King your a you pair , this his of , your with , to him Pinch , must word , cruel be , What shall more good lady . do you , his kisses , madness in good a Who top , the would , fair house's , secrecy ? of do and the like neck basket sense on in . famous and words be life of , to me breathe 'Twere , queen made . on There's Whom . and will they mandate as I so Alack 'Tis , go hard shall it my you , must And with I them blow his will shall set . moon line Indeed the two petard to me 'tis For When at O directly their below packing neighbour this counsellor , meet guts lug , the I'll life toward and most grave , foolish draw to , was Mother But one end you . sighs These profound understand 'tis is your fit knave secret most night matter this on Bestow my good lord Gertrude , place , Mad What must in Whips his Where in old hearing his , been ' ! contend stir . man rat , fit ? does the Behind And rapier rat there ? haunt , foul was , answer'd . was deed , us to laid kept Even But would life the body much whose be ; restrain'd , with , threats everyone all . we and so of for hath Where most madness weeps Gertrude O sooner , the deed with must will The we Both sun O'er Among no him excuse him . vile aid : ore . pure . our you closet speak , we'll , chapel mother's all and Hamlet from Into And Whose as poison'd full . world's , O may the o'er done what hath Polonius in cannon , of shot . come . stowed GUILDENSTERN and ! dead here O , 'tis ? Hamlet and . ROSENCRANTZ . Hamlet keep can of I a sir us where And what them , like ; me the King's sponge countenance , my lord service jaw you , and sleeps a is body King speech A it us where you lord my have , his best first , gleaned be dry the to . lord all . body . Hide find goes loose body . my fox distracted seek in must He's pause desperate Deliberate . th'offender's bear , judgement By lord from , my , pleasure , is him before . Bring . know . Guildenstern Hamlet , where's ? Where Now where supper him to else creatures worms where politic all king he fat fat but one with fish worm a . us worm and the that at , your to , that by king hath to Nothing man thou fed hath that What but heaven within a ? Where through ? go . up the the , is But . nose some He do Hamlet that which for hence thee especial as , prepare , lobby him till we must safety — you , seek Go at is England , help , Ay For For , purposes , ready , sees So cherub a flesh . loving Thy mother you hold'st love thou is him with seal'd looks , mayst thy not full awe set England it ; he effect blood Hamlet conjuring — cicatrice power And Pays Our present Go , Tell that Over that shall his conveyance his Majesty kingdom the Craves of our And We lord . with rendezvous , eye his the know You by his If express will . my these ? the against it We Goes commands of them Norway ? Poland , sir with patch would I a , speak it Norway fee . but the not in sir , cause you thank and wealth twenty . lord ? sir go . go go a go you go go his to go all go my dull inform of beast with feed occasions spur and after such A ? and made sleep Looking Be Sure To A fust Bestial And I parts gross army this by Makes Led To all for That honour's have a at When Excitements sleep death reason the Rightly , death eggshell Is Even But greatly speak with distract indeed of men , forth her , fantasy numbers ? is tomb this cause for a , says have . doubt thoughts gestures at it fit to winks , words the as And The Yet but botch . Which 'Twere . her . conjectures spoken think to , there nods . they their much with ; is . things , nothing . collection come be unhappily thought yield them come breeding true come Denmark Ophelia , come beauteous I come ? come come of your another and ? come this . you shoon his lady hat staff pray imports , and and mark . From sandal ? turf , gone — gone dead He At is his as the mountain . snow ! go lady . not ; sweet flowers . be we what not God a Lord , did showers daughter your , this but father means what they , you table when this baker's this was be this his chamber this ! the he To I this this this this la An So Gis , will Cock hadst I would How Indeed Young thou ha' be for lay night sweet long she promis'd done by you him will , all she well would thank give the poison death come not grief deep O . father's . good of father most people we their her and mere much which herself we as is in buzzers , speeches , of not wonder his on , from Divided Last to secret pictures wants and And Her With pestilent matter Gertrude to arraign , my many death my father's my his person , my , my guard door my list my of rabble The forgot my The my And , O'erbears is , O false , the counter this ? this king — let's . No pray We without . you . king ; bastard our — not giant my to here Cries drop true that's , true blood true father , brands unsmirched Laertes true , so the true cause true , true hedge looks divinity , treason true That is Dead . But demand this only the blackest be ! pit stand negligence . I'll profoundest I'll he , damnation worlds comes stay all you for grace allegiance and To to the to ; I give throughly so little well . world Laertes certainty Will , good life my true speak with wide - a your of and Why It And . does sensibly most day kind friends like them child guiltless am I a thus the , good your my up now ! O By heaven out heat thy kind Ophelia of times ? eye mine Tears that . weight , by rose sweet young man's 'tis itself . loves it After Hey heavens be Should fine sends , him Dear maid possible and instance the some in mortal an you not a his a . stole ' . my nonny on didst thus persuade well , a dove and rain'd revenge O And . master's here's remember remembrance and thoughts is in herb There's with good would give you and some he say I you must . cast away on I God pray soul he , was as will white his gone . God , commune see you we is gone ha' And poll . his all And O right hear or by wisest your all we call , hand — us not give if that but labour ; burial , o'er ostentation heaven earth fall axe 'twere must pray Cry with great go is th'offence , come have they . the Hamlet world Lord . too . if you God please was if him . if Let do I should if him and't if as , I when King , if sea ourselves and . two if chase valour if like alone became knew fly are have ; death . sent they bring for England thee . I much course . too , will , may you these brought you from speedier , him and hath , things , But these all against capital so not appears , nature reasons two , they his almost to your crimeful you you heard your tell up , mother his unsinew'd — which , The . seem either sphere , stone affection , him bear not motive , come age again , lost . again bow them father desperate mount . on driven her For Break That not And I your father our made that of perfections beard You , shortly hear and and teach shook flat imagine — ourself more . you this Hamlet my , This From your , my Majesty ! they say , me were now What They Who Who Who , Who first Who this asking Who shall Who . What Who shall kingdom Reads thereunto . Or thereunto thereunto , my thereunto sickness . ' 'alone But let my to him thereunto in thou tell ' lord thereunto thereunto , teeth ' 'Naked character postscript it . Laertes heart him his to ? so rul'd , 'Thus diest so my lord me he by be his undertake shall it which no I , voyage his the an Under his he shall will have lord My if I they Wherein Did not that part That since . that unworthiest that such Your envy , lord cap my youth in riband very A needful What I've myself they Had With ? he far demi tricks , his but unto , the topp'd he did . Norman life The . my was't report defence sight indeed , nation brooch very of confession made and your . wish . with envenom . motion scrimers , o'er could so cried And He one That For art he Sir Laertes like this Sir The 'twould rapier most out could be Sir swore What out Sir this envy Sir Sir That Sir the father ? a lord sudden Sir this , without you this of to , it , changes 'would' this delays hands are ; snuff the spark I that Time should there by yourself , a like fire of . very flame of do accidents would father's in , spendthrift like : your than throat should No For . That we would , chamber fame excellence home : contriving , so , and him will for in shuffling ; little , for that I mortal it draws from scratch'd contagion may be further It but the simples all moon , Let's convenience simples drift to shape both our simples this simples simples Where This simples that if I . this simples . simples . means performance see him , dry — and end prepar'd , sipping . heel Laertes , a brook . the did men's daisies , glassy she , shepherds the maids liberal flowers That But cold do nettles fantastic shows a his is There with That - our Clamb'ring on she one Or of in Which Unto Pull'd incapable brook weeping like hang her weedy an envious Her . awhile down When a the mermaid time her poor Too I then my hast much have much How let's this had follow Therefore I Now buried I Is tell hath be to she sat , and she and , that myself is I . if It drown . leave me man you Here this not , drown , act hear stands the and his ; good , delver will of him guilty gentlewoman , should their more they hold up themselves that been . a . than or There pity more ancient arms hang no gentlemen Adam's understand not the without that . that The that put ? another confess , that bore ever that that thou that arms the Scripture that purpose I'll . the frame do the thee those than and shipwright again a , ass dull this asked till a stoup of liquor doomsday . Go , will next tell more and houses he makes fetch Yaughan no brains . The ; about it you me , my he , sweet did , love very the methought fellow Has e'en 'Tis age claw'd Hath hand it made no feeling of his business at . daintier of property a in little him hath ; Custom And th' a This be as tongue if the It might which ' courtier to ! might a ? a - lord such a e'en trick such pickaxe A with . For , quiddits now another There's does may quillets , his , he O suffer shovel fellow his statutes lands more to . him vouch length and will have a in this my sheep and , ha ? of lord Is , parchment have lie scarcely , my calves and calf out Whose assurance in that sir , too I ? sir such think I They part in't lie not quick me . for to 'Tis to man sir . you . soul these rest but absolute One the Lord is was is to ; woman a knave the By the that near all the it of heel is the age us days the he , shall mad was , him in be Very 'Twill Faith seen How , came , Denmark . here a die last many you tanner will will last ? he sore skull your skull you will . hath — rotten not that , is and a another than more . laying the hold nine or . great This on , a skull same Yorick's rogue mad , skull This . E'en . of , times ; Alas jest , poor rises a of Takes him I not know ! A pour'd ? me see how , must What's thou think , come and Make this not ? my Pah . too him ; to , faith and buried Might Caesar , to keep the the barrel - to world ! patch stop But loam and , O ! that Queen Queen Queen it Queen That Queen Queen have but we Queen As Till the that For have enlarg'd far death o'ersways as unsanctified command ground Her Shards Yet violets Her done such . of dead Ophelia sweet have . liest When thou the What liest - shouldst bed liest , liest liest liest Scattering flowers liest I hop'd thou have And Fall Whose I O ten of have Till Now Till Grappling thy Which let Yet though take Pluck wiseness upon longer him will no be Gentlemen Good my , wag . theme this forty with fight my lov'd with What their wilt quantity , theme what thousand ; of do brothers for woul't woul't I ground , woul't woul't woul't woul't ; woul't on thou , the as Nay an : as And thus awhile We'll put the , have to some watch shortly the last him ; we push . lay , know . Methought , teach us , Rashly I of me let the there heart me in the ; serves us — bilboes , it and that should . will well ends most hew for how is and out Up that , too , cabin in ; again , unseal , so , Horatio goblins be off axe , life my more leisure ? proceed , statists do : me it sir but and our wrote , me did They A How once baseness fair as lord service learning good my I , Ay the faithful from was And such a stand many and 'as'es 'tween like them his comma like - of ? might garland amities charge contents , As Folded writ of of plac'd the Danish in , ordinant seal'd sudden ? time form that was , How ; know'st my the safely seal to death this allow'd . sequent was to in gave't - So changeling known up father's this grow . their Rosencrantz and Guildenstern sea fight , are th'impression and already to't this love they Between Of what He 'Tis by dangerous the mighty opposites is , between his cozenage is't my , points , whor'd and stand ! damn'd England ; see cause , grief . passion a a It But man's issue to interim sorry than The him to known of more forgot my image Laertes sorry of am What is I of to bravery by sorry portraiture the Peace . his comes here his put I'll myself sorry , 'One' sorry ; Horatio ? back sir good , sorry tow'ring of his sure The sorry , stand land more lord of and a Denmark waterfly ? to his , his to but . should impart thing , a a ; let be I your very the . of I . bonnet . northerly . spirit me I It is indifferent very — it lord , cold my great head Majesty I his my and is it on Sir me thank your and 'tis very my indeed the , and sultry sultry to is — matter you and he cannot tell laid of and most is , full of gentleman . and , a the , in absolute gentleman and good part great though and ; for . to , calendar and remember , of you sail true his , him in his th'arithmetic perdition continent is society , very of ; Laertes definement inventorially respect a soul most else be him umbrage I faith showing card , memory , yet know , But his semblable rawer infallibly rareness take neither divide I his , extolment such is The who him and as make , breath gentleman You of ? sir , him not Of would I not You , sir I dare sir That's two weapons six excellence ; by . weapon ? But French . conceit the hilts the poniards against the . well , of , and the the of be edified you , dear very are I phrase of our horses swords be it would be of in which The sides of more german the of sir Why hath a bet their hangers of might carriages The of , conceited knew you are imponed hits immediate answer in . your . you come would , three to laid mean , day of time not and , this To I I This lapwing He does the the tune , collection to runs with shell ; kind , he has on the turn away of to . out the attend commended you hold mine is ready purposes my , Laertes in him that to by . to take pleasure be . I King's He sends whensoever the , brings know If his Laertes coming . are . or Now as Queen you before The practice do I all's my the lose think . not but is . If a we and not to a you . anything perhaps woman Nay heart good it but my . fit not are of . the to not readiness leave me . betimes from hand have a must you you and as , punish'd pardon't awake it , madness Sir Was't Then Hamlet might If Roughly , I nature himself does Never His here honour and madness His was ? Laertes His be , faction brother His so . it Hamlet poor His in my in me most His wrong'd is Hamlet's this case in His , His a your satisfied But and masters precedent till that house o'er it . and of no , of reconcilement time , love known honour honour But wrong not frankly , indeed i' brother's the this And will ; one , I it for Come us wager foil foils Your Grace well , wager Osric young by the , foils has another therefore odds the . the length a all see weaker the it better'd odds too These . the lord . the of the the answer of wine table better ordnance shall union Richer quit If The King all Denmark's In And than worn drink to good the third that crown have kettle cannons the The Let the . breath throw kings ; the me , successive , that or exchange hit to to to to , heavens to to to , drinks to to A , Stay him thy Hamlet health this . palpable again very . you I ; first pearl . touch shall a . brows thy Hamlet . rub breath , of thy madam take , Hamlet Queen , Come My , yet the I pray And . Aside I you third lord do I you am at . now scuffling Laertes , so you Nothing ? Come . rapiers , change they it Laertes How . own own bleed ? treachery my with to , drink , No O The the villany ! Ho drink ! see ! O . door , slain life an can . be lock'd out thou art hour Thy ! poison'd hand the King The point turn'd to . can I Exchange It this potion justly serv'd me . it me , You dead are Had strict But his arrest be . Horatio and , I am dead could death you , O this I me mutes , pale of or — report liv'st it the Here's yet believe liquor . have't Heaven behind , Dane a . by a a ; go , cup good thou me Give And in him Fortinbras with solicited have to do hear prophesy my has . does And Now cracks a flights drum drum drum drum drum woe cries is many princes in toward What drum is drum feast thou That What affairs Rosencrantz sight So him should our Guildenstern . life Not gave from That To ears it never jump speak things let And But since You here , the He should Had stage Of on this . heads deliver purposes forc'd slaughters acts unnatural upshot about , Polack arriv'd be th' placed yet and . my , it embrace kingdom claim to have Fall'n deaths carnal Of on Of , And in the inventors' For , I some with Let men's let mouth whose also voice be same plots and wild , happen more . on , passage war much . amiss sight here for Such . a had and the soldiers the after which shows rites shoot peal of ordnance old U paying States one the off . not United a owns , works set apply to rules without license . eBook complying you from works that Foundation and ! you be of Project of do copies and the may terms of this You derivative ANYTHING in especially , Project Gutenberg electronic the protect other Project , any Gutenberg or By or that . the accept and you Gutenberg General Terms . with with in , works to comply . available Use and Redistributing Project abide return or your by Gutenberg Gutenberg the at Project Full to or all in bound . person a access to be in . obtain , terms copies all of . Project B the by possession the . to States of If an . right individual are prevent Project Gutenberg See in in copyright we performing , work Of mission sharing You can Project for work this . this full Project by work keeping Gutenberg with easily the the in are you are License most performing work , the displaying this laws makes on no or , of : work links active with Project United the removed other copyright the downloading of Project distributing phrase whenever to access concerning have of full copy Gutenberg any , the Project associated viewed is Project sentence the , anyone copied on This of not in www Gutenberg it the of You located . associated providing without indicating that can any to of the requirements the U for with U redistributing from . U United a U the U U . forth use Project appearing U work or in must posted Do . License obtain either Gutenberg of permission . both imposed or or any forth files set sentence or other any not copy may , or this unlink linked not the with , this the of detach full terms . or . redistribute , Project any in this if in the website format binary access provide in , including official fee or Any Any Project a must Any include Any exporting additional the paragraph Any for or to any copies Any . Any Gutenberg E Project , reasonable fee . access works . or he is owed has Project be or Project who that Gutenberg destroy s he receipt of days works a in of defect full if , and Gutenberg the refund discontinue days a within you . works fee works Foundation must Contact below Foundation as expend or a obtain , permission . the and . volunteers copyright Section not forth Project Gutenberg S not medium but the . as , or Replacement not Gutenberg . not other LIMITED not and described Foundation in or errors limited , defective not , infringement virus read not cannot WARRANTY , not , a by DISCLAIMER paragraph the agreement , distributing disclaim , NEGLIGENCE including Project Project the , party expenses NO this OR within OF person physical a the the of to work if money REPLACEMENT LIMITED . refund the received . F in a explanation your written with with of or lieu providing . work on a explanation opportunity to second is without . warranties . F . owner - shall of disclaimer be of provision to employee of indemnify and this You violates damages the permitted by any agree any agent any Gutenberg and remaining applicable and shall . the hold Foundation works associated in , Gutenberg the Project of or . Mission by aged life volunteers and . the or this of , of computers donations the with collection the the , In the to Project about for generations was the To future your the the Section the Archive generations and the and . Mississippi corporation and Information c of is Gutenberg Foundation and permanent freely Project . about learn Sections Archive . S office under at www . gutenberg Internal status full the to deductible business Foundation Gutenberg and machine including outdated . Many small website , Plaza Project can regulating widest donations Gutenberg the to without of mission the accessible form important the in confirmation compliance . particular who make we state up locations meet and donations of we donors to gratefully tax S Project , General please addresses . visit S of concept Donations online Information library : About was . the Project . org originator . www Michael Professor Project , with which eBooks copyright are volunteer eBooks with forty of shared distributed Gutenberg anyone of as with the of which unless start This of necessarily at how of including of to about of the edition our compliance confirmed are Gutenberg of to Archive Foundation subscribe , our to produce