answer Nay . me and Long live King the carefully . thee thanks had mouse Marcellus haste , you - good who hath , soldier Give Holla place . you what , Say Horatio has says dreaded this Therefore to us watch approve And That the our nothing 'tis let belief take him speak to , appear come . Tush us are What let That And made same down so we Well we night star us , two sit of burns beating Marcellus Look , Where , thee Peace yond Most ; like harrows would like to be It warlike of and night charge of and King fear it , not wonder me with Horatio By majesty ? speak , It is stalks ! speak charge and I answer , it not You See fair . Denmark away heaven gone Horatio , 'Tis He twice Thus hath he dead ice he , tell eruption of my opinion ; state to scope me most for And Why divide impress and and such might What be such mart toils foreign of , shipwrights joint the sweaty whose implements Sunday ? sore from that day haste week the inform with King Our last of us , emulate in most a , appear'd to Hamlet him , compact esteem'd a our Fortinbras by on of our by whisper is't the not the Who Doth At , least For Did so slay Had His in For hath a , us appear strong I preparations , to food a up As But terms Is by That source this Well it - haste and watch , in question that other e'en the these mind's it armed was I like . King : figure so watch this sort be no post As Disasters Was As soft But , in the the Neptune's influence almost whose And thou art Speak to thy me . grace to fate country's , or thing good do to foreknowing , avoid speak the in thou privy , O , if If Extorted of Speak Stop you womb oft ! Marcellus , it . partisan and hast , Stay spirits they ! may uphoarded will my ! majestical here not ! violence invulnerable mockery when , shrill that lofty and a then For as malicious to blows air being so the it is our We wrong it , the speak vain summons the spirit fire in Doth The Awake Whether To It faded The Wherein Some The So they bird ever birth no dawning 'gainst , crowing present crowing crowing say , fairy takes , crowing spirit night to believe clad for , Let Walks crowing So and singeth say Saviour's crowing No I look , are nights so do the us spirit Break we heard yon and the is in part up morn But shall we dumb Unto , Where ; As Laertes Attendant . befitted death know . nature ourselves sorrow this jointress sometime with one and Cornelius , our that and , as one now queen with . marriage , Fortinbras our freely herein dole , death weighing scale one With mirth this Now , wife better to equal Therefore sister , our affair Colleagued be to surrender , the this our pester not hath a by disjoint his of us So we his all this uncle business valiant : father dream dear gone worth and lands for of rid young . brother , suppress levies all made here that in ; herein subject : is , scarcely the are dispatch is hears writ is is him . is we . your . is scope commend , further more articles heartily ; with the King your things and dilated and it doubt let and nothing CORNELIUS We , In business Of that these To , we . allow what's Laertes some . not shall That And of suit you ? the to , reason to the beg native not , asking thy Laertes to thy , to , to mouth came pardon . and my me leave time leave wrung my By his beseech you seal'd from leave gracious What wishes your bend says Polonius last slow consent go will my , clouds lord little , I am thy my thine is . How Aside Take thy But And Thou Do for common nature Passing through , father is . river visage , black mother eye of haviour fruitful suits inky cloak solemn forc'd the nor me dejected Together But I For That No Nor all , Nay , it ; I good alone ! madam customary 'Tis windy the , truly give 'Tis are denote in moods , in persevere , some . condolement sorrow in Of But To know his , and the nature the passeth of , to father , But to course in impatient is sense common and , know in An A To you sweet That In lost duties in , in Why fault death 'This to must Fie dead should we simple most in be we This As Take A From In It we beseech cousin , of our and comfort cheer toward unprevailing so . woe We he the of to remain eye : desire you bend . Wittenberg . and Denmark unforc'd and ourself in best gentle Sits No smiling Re And But the cannon to health great to the jocund rouse my and that Seem to stale , slaughter itself flesh dew world ! unprofitable and this unweeded an 'tis gross in garden melt ! nature ! this come would hang had on ! two mother my to this to that much to , of heaven earth grown within name were woman thy shoes is a post ! hold my good to , such is not flushing to . Hercules longer , wants followed — that — like unrighteous incestuous come ! I see . am I . Horatio sheets , galled . tears . tongue . myself well or what see glad am A , disposition truant I you . enemy My change Sir my you very Nor not it To I But what , from so report truant funeral student . bak'd Horatio meats funeral The ! lord thrift my my seen dearest marriage your mock to it Did , furnish met ever My In I him was saw man not I My lord upon he eye king . together nights Barnardo God's Upon me . gentlemen I for ! these of This In For Two encounter'd at Armed Where thus Within his slow Stand dumb and Almost of The These Form Did the knew true like we platform was this , apparition the them , are not I deliver'd , upon It answer My made it speak did it ; yet and it as the up head none . 'tis duty , true beaver face in red or , in , A Nay constantly been much there . Most . Stay'd a you again . life his . watch will I silver'd saw't I should will father's hell I pray you peace in loves to duty , silence still . visit to mine ! All you the is : earth them to were well eyes men's come , will night foul : deeds . benefit doubt lasting in doubt not , doubt doubt so no doubt does ; and inward service of the bulk wide And In doubt virtue weigh'd his no Grows nature Think crescent more thews For it but ? more not as this temple alone grow . but Perhaps but subject is his to on this circumscrib'd choice persons do whole his state his will as unvalu'd be he is to says and goes which act far so of your deed Denmark ; voice loss , unmaster'd you honour what credent ear or weigh Then the your too or , Than or heart To you or of shot the maid and , or of , it danger her or canker If are The Too in wary Be are to are Youth I As Show are are are And you Be friends them Grapple But Take not Costly Are For they the man's habit in fancy thy And as ; thy of loses dulls : follow then be this thee to in the as my you What And , Farewell I in yourself 'Tis What is't So please you you Have 'Tis Given you behoves Give and me you . to of a like me you late circumstance as perilous , you speak , tenders ? the poor a think . a more true yourself ! believe Unsifted Of in such you ; pay . to , go with you'll ; to me yourself importun'd fashion go of his , my heaven to the all call it holy to the than vows given Ay Running must their more Giving Even not light , entreatments at From . a For Hamlet presence ; soul know vows speech . lord , both this blazes it your to command Believe be that Not Than Do And believe of so a ; him of that parley your with show all for ; time brokers ; Lord he may few ; In tether in much you larger ; not like his may vows ; which implorators and plain of ; terms , any slander beguile with talk moment ways : is . twelve now eager air of ? hour it , No I I The triumph and the and trumpet draughts wake his does held . this it struck draws to wont then my takes lord his upspring ? swaggering rouse Is of a Ay mind it the , manner my in marry heavy us They to This honour'd - traduc'd clepe our Soil our From The in Since choose origin though , complexion , it chances wherein of some his , them , though o'erleavens these ; though , say though of by breaking By their So though Oft nature As though some though , virtues As else — that defect — grace hell call blasts ! comes scandal of death ! Hamlet from or of from thy ministers intents Angels and com'st to in , inurn'd the hearsed royal speak will , Let burst Wherein Hath their cerements and jaws but , why may Making To , to of our we of the thee What ! saw canoniz'd not Why That thee thee Revisit'st thus corse dead So With thou thee cast , thee thee this ? go impartment . it , it thee with did ? should we souls ? you To you . action , by follow . As if it a with removed more not it ? pin's itself it that I'll ? follow the form cliff the horrible some can life should what set my It me soul waves for do Why And That Or tempt you o'er there And Without It hears That it many motive looks And roar fathoms into of more The very you deprive his summit of . my sea the beneath lord hands each fate cries you ; And As I call'd makes the . My Be By , 'tis waxes make ! desperate fit to thus not obey come ? Denmark . me Mark me me what , Speak Pity not art So to spirit , night spheres , word house days that lightest their blood prison freeze , young stand , dear and purg'd tale soul stars , list blazon hair start thy , O love List locks two harrow could the secrets unfold a to must blood like this quills particular God O ! and and most ; swift wings Murder foul ever father . unnatural foul most Murder Haste me to meditation or my be ease on thee find shouldst in , my , thy noble father's thou crown his did know , but forged , me a The Is serpent Mine prophetic the Now sleeping sting O given not stir out ; of whole in ! and won gifts , his wit The will , whose a ! traitorous with uncle my wit to With , that of O wicked seduce most me From what of Upon it That O my , those lust mine I made a , marriage wretch Though But Brief , though in itself And My With juice me methinks of secure my in leperous the And The porches hour of the , stole thy always in blood of it loathsome . and vile brother's once of , sin unanel'd disappointed even of And The That Holds through dispatch'd my horrible hand mine , did So sudden vigour tetter like , most wholesome like my crown , reckoning O , Let my O made , in bed of contrive heaven , lodge to her in that ; leave , this incest it to my account , near be well bosom at to . fire matin Fare nor , aught . thou mother not But horrible hast nature thee , bear not her . be thee let the sting - And To worm prick , hell heaven ! not . his , shall all O this Yea And And you thou distracted trivial table the from ghost forms all thee ? pressures ; live my by villain heaven , a down be . ' word ! may My That At uncle , there am sure it is It , My Within . HORATIO have MARCELLUS my ho , lord , Good my What , reveal No Ay , MARCELLUS heart and be you'll heaven by HORATIO I , dwelling , needs no There , right ; you are i' at desire more so hold For every But a villain arrant this we shake point for business circumstance without fit it man that , Why my tell . lord To and business hands , part , and desire poor my ; lord . own and hath ; Look I'm no , heartily you , is vision tell you , Horatio me , and soldiers seen . request now know . one me Give poor good friends , will . have you and . lord , My lord , my , sworn sayst Cries , the , ha , you Never by my sword . you Swear . shift upon sword heard sword you again hither Then . gentlemen . Swear . Swear by my to And Never ubique Come said , we'll that our . th'earth good is , so fast friends . i' . stranger Horatio come mercy — meet think you myself on , head stranger , stranger we phrase never stranger shake shall — bear , stranger But welcome earth your in or stranger perchance To you That Or As 'Well So That As , With 'If Or by we list to know' , pronouncing or at mercy of or if they , do you do me commend spirit perturbed his not ever do The willing , That do notes Reynaldo do . do , was out come to set together are ; lord , do visit marvellous you You his Of to make . drift ; and more . Ay And Marry My said and they in What forgeries so if't him please marry heed take very very 'not wild him ; charge in the on him far , To companions such are youth gaming drabbing , or Ay Quarrelling Faith the the the the the Your the the , He sir or so Of man to ever then , 'Good By Or He I , saw There then : was you with saw closes : then : brothel , such 'I ay , know the in : with him , gaming : he out : him enter perchance forth takes . lord wi' my . you advice and this find wisdom of former have , My my You you , God you b' I have . you fare yourself in . the Well , Ophelia , lord I . have name all stockings purport knocking in of his ankle other hell me he so piteous ? love . foul'd do before , unbrac'd knees but out loosed comes each and wrist little head his , his by me do know not said the the to My end And with being bended their his go bulk lets light King eyes up his without went find doors with is the to it As seem'd to This go And He his did his . his over shoulder me . as you of command sorry will their . the denied , age but judgement trifle jealousy ! did But . thee Come , for in my and our might King opinions fear'd him made heed did use to Our The Moreover Welcome we much hate to This must love . that since you neighbour'd time little of much That vouchsafe to , aught So That More Resembles than I his that cannot being That Good And whom he am he , hath there gentry your expend the To show visitation us you so rest your him Some pleasures and to us , such of with good will are of you , living you hope much adheres two men it and king's of , We And king's To king's up ourselves to more . your king's king's king's our practices and at in and gentlemen , to and , and you of some instantly Rosencrantz , I . and return'd , and amen , and and Are hast I lord , I , news good . my good been Thou And I , my the to of Hamlet's do cause hath The , to do I long to great them bring , do all of do sweet queen and , do hear to do feast do in . hath . son's your that he head , my I and and what nephew's To His in which he , in your look'd sickness ; rebuke before uncle his ; Norway hand be preparation sent to whereat , which age , sends , obeys . shown herein pass the further Polack soldiers in those give quiet this and allowance , enterprise safety set down are , before entreaty you of As therein And consider'd Meantime consider'd majesty but to , and should day What consider'd consider'd consider'd consider'd My nothing Therefore will I And Were since Mad liege night waste noble else less at true 'tis pity And use . will And cause . I then cause comes remainder thus cause this art . no him the the have us farewell That is let rather we Or For it remains have a Who in given , an : her Hamlet hear stars awhile to will are this Doubt , stay Came but idol , the I from ; the it him . be move a liar believe ; honourable man hath , solicitings means . his hath dear lady , whilst this and ? his she you do I When Before Or As If Or might dear my young a mistress ? this love desk a No prince then I his precepts resort gave her : advice , book and or with went did thy , weakness tale short receive no of fruits from work , winking heart think not Admit done a to , a into , you What Thence Into And he a watch , this very Do you And the said may It such be , have When that a time I Not it ' indeed does Here may You Take If hid At I If reason for carters a fall'n he a keep not encounter . his no the Be we four loose together arras my her an loose wretch . it the sadly loose loose loose do presently Well my God loose I , Away I to sir Then , of honest be carrion breed , the very my lord but he as , love daughter to't look , is my He very ; you Yet . a is . lord ? For , Slanders beards Between is What matter the him words who you slave wrinkled they which it should you mean that - plum the faces hold , I yet weak that , sir , plentiful method in't sometimes his ? and reason . my will , is my lord you except life , that meeting of will most the often anything , Lord go you , except well my These take my my . I will . is . fools save My most ! To good friends . that the Good dost Guildenstern both earth lads live . in or soles of . strumpet grown honest me the ? true she a is the the ? most her , Fortune lord ? None , Fortune , But your . but , that have she you prison a my lord . confines world Denmark ; thinking makes 'tis We think ; so it one ambition it you one Why I infinite your bounded Which , for my is in it indeed is A , ambitious space dreams and shadows to For . I and reason th' bodies we . is that it light But for dreadfully other make , poor you . Shall wait We'll , and our with the ROSENCRANTZ ; occasion Were visitation for have not and there craft , inclining even lord in Is . good you must by . But let me be preserved , kind to your say the by direct Guildenstern What . for and what ; you dear by by ? better me , hold love me a were sent If of off , an eye we lord so why you My to secrecy tell I ; and frame the King and Queen goes me golden reason how in so say me not ? dust of the angel , paragon a thing form in I not delight . to We welcome , offer man delights to no god a , you coted his blank in verse sere peace ; halt or are foil shall lungs players What . to take mind humorous shall you be laugh such city Their was travel , better by comes ? estimation they followed the means ? so they when did Do they ? wonted , pace cry that . for't they so These quills — and - are scarce call them writers ? succession sing players own common ; their and sides for to went a of no money the in holds nation , and find , twenty is uncle . give in Your , it a fifty something ducats apiece . philosophy Denmark forty those come than ? father . the out The tell I me . You . yours is wind hawk you with each you , a gentlemen of ear west In north - outward fairly you see the second time of the . old an they swaddling child . a say is . it You Mark players Rome actor . Monday actors I Monday will sir lord , I Monday me news tell Monday have are Upon actor Monday lord . for tell to Monday news The have Monday My you Monday tell hither , my ass , came comical be too the my world - in historical for - unlimited law pastoral The and the - cannot tragical judge of treasure What of Jephthah O daughter , and . ' . that I young my , I . show abridgement pious and , know by . my , the to pass chanson as all then most will welcome nearer within like Come lord but my speech , falconers , fly at , a us ring is , play it general But a passionate , quality We'll a all and the altitude a of cracked French speech . straight a What a Come me speak the a in . matter of loved . 'Twas memory , chiefly begin at where , especially , and very speaks , digested , remember , modesty an mine received I , the set phrase in with top , as down method One and If Dido let handsome an slaughter it to Aeneas' he It The so blood With When Black not , did he lay as is rugged Pyrrhus complexion . gules with tyrannous a and Now dread in the couched total the and , mothers , fathers . with , Priam thus To Bak'd like Old eyes with the to to Pyrrhus Seeming Th'unnerved father to Repugnant his too Striking , God Takes to reverend as , rack the anon the region heavens , see tyrant i' and , hideous crash , stick his sword head his like , Priam as a a we often Did to painted in But speechless The rend vengeance , Break bowl low And all round nave and strumpet With And , with He's Say tale for jig is the the synod general In or mobled 'Mobled That's good Run Where late the bisson barefoot up rheum diadem lank About this ! 'The down stood her seen in and of that them of mincing instant milch clamour the in eyes at sport heaven of the she burning not have made th'alarm fear caught up steep'd then have see her , Do ? rest his players are you the you colour more bestowed out speak thee see for were the well the well , well he Use more after in your . desert Take them . better , man 'scape less deserve , abstracts a old , Dost me , him friend lord hear a ? The play Murder . a play tomorrow Can ? Follow We'll dozen To that Guildenstern night till and are My Ay tomorrow my Very well night my rogue my , fiction monstrous and wi' . welcome my my , and , my Follow to my . his Could his voice in forms With That A he What's I That very Confound dull can John A the ignorant , speech with peak I passion tears be gall it for cannot , should I am pigeon ! A Remorseless , Why , And fall son ass I this Prompted A Must a to , an my , Fie ! a whore very , I upon't I vengeance lecherous , Oh my For About by guilty the brain - scullion so They tent As T'assume be my pleasing devil The . If my I'll and spirit with shape the and grounds the have melancholy have looks perhaps seen , power King , spirits thing drift by relative Wherein he keeps aloof speak , crafty him he forcing much a of gentleman but demands Of told court joy already certain have about these . pastime of . your Majesties a that out fell so seem it as This And , of hear night they order him . that encounter their ourselves , as Affront myself Ophelia by sent us too Hamlet accident bestow so Will We him of . for love or his suffers obey be happy cause you , seeing behav'd virtues in may Read exercise devotion's ! conscience my give that plastering too doth speech O The And much prov'd action Ophelia bestow How smart ugly heavy Let's The Than not and slings Whether O to thing . the and end ; ache is heir arms be suffer , outrageous in wish'd that For in we That sleep That Devoutly - by against arrows of a die sea take them . to a ? to sleep rub . delay takes quietus would a after , life , love , love , love the thus sicklied love fly undiscover'd bodkin merit of the these Who under something weary unworthy love the , love ? resolution of turn Nymph , sins that lord that my in moment Soft you pith cast cowards that that know us thought , all that that that . for not . for honour ; thank does for I humbly for My That for I for lord honour'd I them words you with And No , right givers lord you lord you fair you That beauty ; have my , means fair Ay have truly Could if for to is likeness it Indeed not stock it This than the force beauty power the , myself thoughts that it put . them arrant in mother but wouldst I to Why . nunnery own in's We be help the may that , house thee , I'll as him pure snow farewell . well know go ; enough , and heavenly powers too paintings make nickname no , you , quickly , well and . is rest the God's O and I'll , yourselves and your face . Those , another . creatures more shall , Go Now sweet That with jangled and . That see bells honey feature woe see have ecstasy of blown and music of most tune form I affections His , he unmatch'd what Love Nor spake ? madness melancholy hatch disclose a that lack'd in brood prevent , soul his , little seen for tribute : expel heart , thus it down demand seas , you to him to speed with do neglected not from Sprung It . need all it what beating . himself variable objects matter . his From . all I'll show . To To But conference him ; think . where with . play please , not him , him him him find the , players saw passion . the ears of fellow O of . many Nor whirlwind use my lines mouth you - But speech the and town hand your tongue , I pray thus as hear very most to to , soul rags are such Herod warrant your to whose , I ; o'erstep the Suit I the , is the , tardy purpose hold her be , mirror both anything nature to make your players highly that and censure of having , have the , Nature's nor man there one which O made humanity imitated reform'd of the playing as Now image the this must and the very age it no will laugh be some on I hope altogether pagan well themselves laugh that some set meantime the in necessary and ? of . shows question to ambition ready most of barren quantity , For a Go this pitiful ? haste hasten that presently . lord my , ROSENCRANTZ will Horatio What We you Bid and , e'en at . as cop'd withal man . just a , may thee As , And my Since seal'd thee in man A could And the the of one dear , clothe let crook Where thrift Hast blood That To not I There One scene is As my is Do is It damned my Vulcan's mine censure will his lord . seeming our . And I after In my whilst I , the stithy a we detecting . Guildenstern King must be idle , join judgements . play is will . a cannot these lord , say you . nor That I did nothing faith - this did I a enact part of Julius brute Ay you you players they stay ready you , Hamlet metal dear here's ho you you my you ! O King To Come you the hither , my , sit by more lord in lie your do mark ? lap ? legs meant , I a That's think nothing my ? within's do ? my lord two . I'll forgotten not else , O ? my and , wear devil the let , a King declines head , his on sables long 'tis twice two black and life 'For ; horse , memory two - hobby - then months ! is of then makes asleep upon him of kisses , it of hobby the and of a She his The of means body or The . end of She the , Marry this this her with gifts Poisoner Queen with some dead seems this , awhile unwilling . counsel it mark the . ashamed means show ? to . round , hands sheen ground . love Phoebus' Tellus' with twelve and Hymen sacred most the sun ere again is woe us , So But as what And Where my love women's you fear , and is is my is , my are fear know grows and shortly do , love functions this haply thou , love operant , And leave , and shalt kill'd rest world behind — fair to leave one first the of love dead none bed . we oft to kisses memory validity poor sticks kisses on mellow kisses we forget we in , kisses Of But now What The To passion The Their kisses kisses violent birth , doth : slave doth . strange doth , doth doth doth change prove not ; accident nor should , or so of husband first thy thoughts thoughts But So That Our , are ends second their do to and orderly devices day me no our If To Ophelia Sweet , she once would the and of joy strife , destroy . scope my me ever me fain , in cheer opposite I and here a . grow The keep she'll us , sleep and Sleep And Madam lady protests , jest no in they Have , you but jest ? Gonzago , Vienna Marry What poison methinks . is world i' a : the unwrung it of Duke's . play , play : his the what wife touches us not but King nephew , keen , a would keen my , and the are you better , worse Begin , Come . hands season , begin and , Thoughts cost You mistake It you your mixture Thou black Hecate's With Confederate Thy On choice i' him in rises choice . shall The . choice wife You Italian . His of Gonzago's choice love the gets The choice choice , play ungalled , while hart the , Lights The strucken . must go deer some , know dost thou For Of very realm , very You himself , pajock — take perceive for pound . thousand here Didst poisoning note Very did ! some the O , Come belike king like music I Upon ha the the recorders . the perdie comedy . well very Come if , lord , it some The sir , a me , music with . distempered . you word ? retirement . him to . some my put more more ; sir rather richer his to my in his lord , Your wisdom me should your tame , this my me if You courtesy my lord mother a Sir you , I and you are welcome of answer wholesome answer , not . is a make no Make ; good make pardon your not , my business you wholesome more you Therefore wonderful , shall obey you this with the desires thus , but command your behaviour . bed and no there admiration mother's mother . stealers Have us these of you deny griefs You pickers mother our closet We she ten with trade My , Good recorders , How can to O wind but , be , Ay sir that when Sir himself for your is why something a is this my love . lord my do Look with to any . skill a lowest you make . these you thing stops my excellent , voice harmony these govern your music But thumb look now these ; you , unworthy know my me to would seem , you you yet , the you make it speak . of . weasel . whale . like Or , it is backed is cloud and Very bent to and will come . by will . I I by By and by is . easily . to , mother not let ; nature business drink the my blood out night of , me . ever bosom somever never my in My To seals in her , use but this words speak soul , not enter not this she my , madness his to our us provide will of and his many those upon ourselves shall keep live That . shall is shall , more is of peculiar your shall religious feed armour bodies 'noyance shall and from itself spirit on shall ten whose To and huge the alone upon and safe mind a like . whose with summit is highest , adjoin'd small King you will , Each Attends the Did Arm but Are but going but My but For , Behind process you but but To The hear as meet 'Tis upon makes nature ! as my strong a . eldest defeats sharp business first blood brother's as white And I It O Is To snow Or snow snow what's snow My To to wash there not snow the this snow ? come But Forgive I I snow ambition pardon'd wicked and which am foul up , of murder possess'd murder my th'offence world . the we and teeth that to death ? free be , the be . Be stubborn engag'd knees as . Bow , soul , Help and sinews soft . Art O limed more I I reveng'd And pat of might And To And how his , his A so am took He his all crimes with him is Up And villain heaven I As Or he , That , This it rises The physic whereto but , up fly my remain days to thoughts be his relish his hell , prolongs Pray him Grace have . without Words My will come you . I'll Hamlet mother thy , my father much father offended an offended . tongue wicked ? Hamlet question you , matter . tongue you how now Have , Go Nay , by rood not it , would , may till brother's my . speak help , help ho murder Thou help help ! dead not the you inmost see you down I set wilt ? a glass , ducat . ducat and rash ducat O . bad bloody ducat marry Almost ducat brother ducat this as A I . Thou wringing Thou Polonius kill a king 'twas too thy rash , hands have custom damned heart not so . heart , you I stuff heart better for thee be your heart , made be is proof heart and penetrable that and rude so What have heart heart , virtue sets That of . As of - Hyperion's roars so Ay , loud A rhapsody tristful Is That here upon grace , curls and act in brow : give The See New An Where To This was your husband Blasting And day love blood ; for is this motion for ecstacy some difference you cozen'd in hath such judgement thus serve judgement That Eyes Ears judgement judgement judgement without but judgement not without But Could thou To frost And in Since Hamlet , into black enseamed making and speak and tinct very speak an . sty speak like speak No These speak speak Of speak A of shreds o'er more No A king and guards heavenly You me , The How is is't thy , discourse ? Hamlet works ? lady strongest mother soul fighting . you vacancy on hold wildly peep the in excrements gentle O thy . distemper you of in do look preaching he to you look not you how pale action have I Do convert to blood for ? this there ? I is nothing you you all at whom do all yet see that nothing but nothing you ourselves how his now habit even in there out ! coinage very bodiless creation very the cunning Is is This as as , past unseen Confess corruption the . fatness the not of itself spread woo ranker vice and for hast thou the away throw , Hamlet must to my leave worser part the with cleft not to purer you go O Good Assume monster evil custom virtue But . night And the a That Of , who a put , use likewise habits is aptly He gives shall that the abstinence next can almost curb the potency . you of when are blessing ; but with repent me beg be must I bestow do To That The death I Thus this Let Pinch And Not Or Make mad For who Would Such But No the To try conclusions , and on like the be words in that to . you me concluded on so , know two fang'd my schoolfellows adders sweep must it my shall , most go hard mines meet sweet counsellor grave , set . you set set set set . These . set we mother set prating an end profound son understand while a ? I have Hamlet ? does us what little How when wind , the the his out as Whips It had His , It Should To have This Alas mad We To Even on To O'er Shows But Both we will must hath , in mother's , the his hath him , Gertrude out them hath let chapel what's untimely hath whisper level as hath his poison'd As Whose the hath both the know done cannon shot woundless o'er air full of is Safely Within noise What What Tell replication what your , you Take — counsel me soaks that officers such , ape in , when : he and , understand I , it , of tell glad , us King must the me . A thing to him to to the , distracted , scourge even , and weigh'd is goes on eyes ? my all desperate grown bestow'd from lord . he ? know cannot We Where , Without get him your he Not politic ? but variable service the and is your only certain diet of A for two dishes maggots for — eat of the through not find the not there him stairs the you find nose him as is how show fish beggar by dost king thou place seek you If . into if go . lobby . Attendants stay thine as — safety grieve hence , send thyself — thee must we dearly , come . Hamlet . one . England Farewell is man is mother and him Follow That else for is him Tempt have hold'st give raw aught , sense free seal'd everything th'affair love thereof , at foot leans mother My the of cicatrice sword power and haste coldly begun joys done ; blood , know he 'tis ne'er his Majesty . will do't We us . Fortinbras Danish , promis'd would on I let him , softly They Who purpos'd commands Goes against the main some The it To That for old Norway , no patch but would . it , a to Norway be the it Why That man inward th'imposthume much shows thank you sir without , my sir humbly wealth this peace straw and cause I b' God do ? little me a time his against . no go . occasions straight inform . and such large not some or oblivion Bestial To one part but , do not wisdom to I will parts cause live hath do on th'event , me charge , ambition prince mass exhort and event puff'd , means , such , such , straw such stain'd I a in How a my such have sleep I , such , such fight all The for , Which Whereon numbers not slain hide And honour's all Even But at greatly not Go To be will importunate , speak not is pitied She from enough cannot bloody this continent . will she and , world She i' father , hems mood I at th' but enviously straws the The carry much half the winks words to Yet Though 'Twere good botch of she her , minds in were nothing use ; make one sure spoken and aim it might it in nothing thought their at she . gestures unhappily be ill may strew , yield thoughts ill for yet , and . ill , amiss is , ill ill ill ? I is By his And sweet Say and gone , and , song and imports you green stone you Alas How Nay . sweet grave the showers not , your at be God table baker's be upon : day they you father may we They ! no know Conceit of this Saint in To I And what , we God but not All the and out more that chamber donn'd , window ; betime your at your rose a the without Indeed , la Young Gis , come me . yonder by if before I Cock will and they do't by Saint ! I'll , to hope me me So be sweet she me , cannot My me good me , Gertrude grief me single father deep , good , muddied , in unwholesome your , But just ; her and gone sorrows Of good For and is his which - the Last With , wants brother as to their we him and mugger Thick Polonius' Her And stick our of , murdering me his infect father's beggar'd arraign , death matter of buzzers in of containing keeps my a ear nothing necessity , Gives of of on himself to person , wonder pestilent Wherein Will to of Alack , What my Let of of them death this noise superfluous many the Save is yourself the lord his but , begin lord shall tongues and , the as and forgot king they , clouds . the to , we the on be of now world every not a in The 'Choose hands this O Caps Where is , let's Danes , is The counter , in will vile will , No . thank you my I me . We Give Keep That him thou go , Gertrude . Why — Where — a Tell — is my thus little That There's — peep to what it me , Laertes , man , incens'd art — I both the damnation allegiance he dead To the point to I'll I , be . your dear you desire to know will And sweepstake my then . rendering ope now and your true death of gentleman judgement . 'pear it speak blood To And , his a am most . to grief , Why child guiltless good day am And It level As Within Let noise brains up now . virtue be O rose by paid of ? fine , 'tis and an old where man's mine , May weight . didst many a hey on some itself loves instance sends the precious bier my wits It call false . than ! This it becomes revenge , well grave and move thus dove not remember . There's you fennel me There's for rue for is remembrance , pansies daughter nothing's rosemary there A , violets There's that's for thoughts herb call difference wither'd good is , Robin to would you . you you made . joy I for rue They . itself . prettiness not he , No His never to And no dead , as Go will thy will death he not ? again come on on ye . on give ours we kingdom our that on , all but if ; satisfaction by us our on If we shall content choice And shall on Or they you find To Be crown , we by judge and , jointly lend to means we And we we this be his nor rite of heard we to No trophy Let To we due your , we — bones to heaven ostentation o'er formal , nor as they you would are . where And Let what part be th'offence is come with . Lord the him Let that speak for . in if you England to for . is be . him for . warlike They . have if letter ; your name , you us On . the put this , sail boarded alone But ship thieves good me clear . old the , please let was him I we them of overlooked very became their prisoner ; sent I bring death I yet ; dumb their thou thee . the ear thine to like for for light where I thou speak the in am Come , have that brought may for these direct you , letters , me them as fellows knowing for them your Farewell thee life and hath which put your in my , me have heard Pursu'd well you So As Sith And Now must he you Why by That Which to me you , for not appears so and , were safety mainly two wisdom , perhaps they to may almost my conjunctive count faults ; that in so wood to have slightly spring love a to , Is public I but not all that the star plague , my her general . gyves timber'd had to as That not his great dipping the could Why like Convert Who the I a into where reverted , A And so not have sister Stood are we not her challenger worth Whose I For think I Sailors me Hamlet Who they Of , Claudio say Laertes given you us . them brought Hamlet this saw . know I recount mean ? all no return ? my I me says ? let my lord sickness in my him But ' ! 'alone . 'Thus diest , rul'd my o'errule To you you it be so me How ? so ' , it in It shall warms I As So If he , he mother more should how own thine will not voyage undertake an To his it death it ripe no his peace checking which shall , and that device , of your shine pluck such . and Hamlet's say together you talk'd been that in It The lord did very not That And envy the youth and Two age , in that the careless livery sables cap , siege my sum in from that Of and was What that his months , the this . seat gallant , doing to I've seen can in't well they And That been Had And incorps'd and demi did far shapes Norman short in Upon The life the of well gem such him very same . brooch And art match had oppos'd he That Or so to , Now Your sudden of coming out this dear sorrow of lord envy . with wish but of this play of What was like face of are , out you father of , my , time of your love abate still we to like goodness pleurisy 'would' , in do would for and That delays are when too , in own we hath this there Dies There see in in , I I the know I love you in would abatements tongues a deed in in in . th' are quick , hands . much would church within . should than your . by return'd this shall bring keep bounds throat place Revenge Hamlet And gave a set heads , double you the peruse wager Frenchman generous for the , simples withal I'll . I save dip but , it Collected moon I Requite I And but With It scratch'd all blood of my sword . means virtue rare point slightly and performance this time this him my hold might let cunnings hot me escape Our by more bouts for your in this May fit us our that better a in not 'Twere did We'll he I ha't When your ! to that prepar'd , daisies , fantastic flowers crow There our - cold on Clamb'ring maids , shepherds pendant hang to But Of time Which weeping her . awhile she As Unto an Or that an one the in her the an an mermaid element a brook weedy an incapable an Till an hast forbid of Drown'd from with poor But Ophelia , then my . speech But that follow it what our I nature thou I to let's give it calm follow again . it this do his ! rage ; will this Christian Therefore start . seeks drowned make burial therefore finds ? when in , do wittingly to act , you delver , and and an man the good drown own him himself , perform lies argal hath he nill he and of , stands it water is own not he the good ; water , leave to . Here shortens drown is But , but hear But . himself — go mark not you this Argal thou countenance this Come my : a he first He gardeners even , Why , in , grave say'st . spade Was was Christian , says digg'd . that . I'll without not mason thousand tenants ? confess , to shipwright . how the But ill may . carpenter gallows thou argal Now , again a and me do the frame well , gallows . tell a that tell not his ? unyoke , no The and when you it , for a question 'a a thee behove sings , Go . a a was time his - him employment a of hath a . a clutch age claw'd hath shipp'd little making business Hath 'Tis it murder had This e'en so But with his his if and 'twere if , of a - a good Or such ' courtier skull offices , would pate of the that might could might horse say my 'Good my when one's This be beg meant he It lord e'en with Did sexton's Ay lord Worm's Mine 'em and a shrouding clay of pit a - sheet to more the and , on't an think but play to spade , for a such , his his of fine his fine his of a pair ? very inheritor the ? himself of than vouchers . no this indentures ? too Will dirt ones double and conveyances , his of jot purchases pate fines , recovery the and sir in grave's seek Whose . of a clay that . skins . be . yet in't therefore for say is indeed for thine it thou and , lie therefore away you . for it ; 'Tis . the it liest mine yours is , soul ? rest her , the card years I three the his galls a . the to't came Hamlet is By the the i' How long is can fool It that mad , marry he was tell that that last day England and , since tell no Why they say strangely , came him , here he will not rotten the man will what e'en Upon . nowadays or , sir be that eight his a dead your a ? than more And . three a is tann'd so now water ; years . hath twenty do it was fellow's Nay I , him once me Let Horatio imagination kiss'd borne me on a see your and roar is , it and this you and to thou and smelt And and , that looked lord my o' so so and dust base 'Twere to till ! a bung Why find ! it to to consider of it of loam as ; into stop that lead a not faith the noble , my lord . we what To , make and , likelihood , O soft following But Imperious Might The , soft ! 'Twas . a What Laertes o'ersways the ; very have very . noble very very is but obsequies warranties that should the , very very very very Till As here maiden strewments , And to sage No no more violets thou minist'ring And should As sing We To May . to angel shall and be done rest souls parted the profane requiem peace - her her When from A be , sister ? Ophelia liest tell Sweets shouldst have treble thy off the a sense , mine ingenious while arms cursed head ; grief the quick made in upon ten times . o'ertop To Till of dust mountain or Olympus phrase whose emphasis more once a old flat Pelion he What the Bears wonder such wand'ring Hamlet The . pray'st thy am not fear rash ; hand take devil I I . my . dangerous theme theme thousand , love him forbear Laertes for of thou me show is he For Make I Woul't up . do't buried drink woul't me quick acres Ossa Millions like his a rant awhile as Anon that is well . wart the pate as burning our , zone fit will : on him ; drooping sit will golden What Let Hercules ever the will mew Horatio night's ? shortly shortly — shortly ; shortly was kind lay shortly , us know , shortly teach ; the and serves shapes we our that divinity hew them rashness not let mutinies it in sleep bilboes Methought us there the be Our Sir , That deep When My That Up - a sea gown Rough out room own their , again commission grand Oh royal forgetting ! several of the leisure no the - scarf'd ; axe , life , struck grinding off possible read me hear thou benetted , a thus Here's the , I , how But I could , Or begun , statists : now , wrote thou , my good know his faithful palm tributary King . flourish wear garland , wheaten know and 'tween of , amities from ; but , sir , the the Ay An As And That Why Folded Subscrib'd it th'impression the in gave't : changeling already plac'd of purse ? signet model the was Which They Between Why , So not Does our man , their the nature ; this . employment . baser points this — conscience to be perfect proper hopes my and , him the known of my nature ? is't not ? evil In this this with such out in Popp'd Thrown with To must life's be further of business England there from . right back Denmark . here grief of image Laertes no very I forgot , of tow'ring the Into a , Peace I and fertile Sweet stand lordship gracious let ; He , should to his , to know as say , a . indeed . my and cold very use your lordship the . head hot is my , cold very wind laid — is here gentleman . 'twere that faith . Sir absolute or what of , the of ; faith of feelingly to come speak excellent , his very signify , of in , suffers definement his shall you in , dearth is such his and and extolment Sir to Your The concernancy , Sir speaks lordship sir ? who as of his quick great diction trace make soul of of ? this do't , rawer in our spent ? gentleman are . the , already really of sir , not did Laertes excellence me approve are would all's ? Laertes would , it yet ; ignorant were . of his his dagger against , But well imputation unfellowed he's ; his What's Rapier a but , sir weapons . him , six Barbary so to most the Three six French hath , as , sir That's , as wager'd fancy , it hangers and and ? carriages the to I , carriages dear delicate I Barbary shall King the by , more The liberal come How , my , mean I it is hath sir , would exceed this carriages , not if I opposition the with will I , and breathing , not time walk I ; King of day , this To commend my are no for's tongues his there lordship what after , effect sir Yours himself runs turn . your nature will . else , are Osric who to and habit through their take will by of the them . them to the or , in commended them blow . King's them so If time if his able them pleasure down sends bubbles fanned them and the them know , I to be . some use and happy to desires The you fall my lord . good my lord I have think in me , France into wager thou But . heart , If it we ; hither . providence it The readiness to come is special not - kind woman you . now be , it has Come no Since man , what he leaves wrong gentleman to , will what is't to fit I if come you . This Was't you you sir presence me pardon't and I Laertes be ta'en , Laertes away done ; purpos'd in is His ? then Then Hamlet Sir far in , my have so shot most generous the arrow my hurt I And stand my Whose motive To my name voice offer'd love me of honour most offer'd reconcilement no honour time offer'd it . offer'd . one , Come the offer'd this I us Give like fiery No , offer'd me i' ; in darkest . Osric wager ? side have well is , we weaker lord ? length . me ; odds both see all . table the successive he fire exchange hit of shall speak ; of of of of , of my . eye earth , sir very very very very you say it awhile . very set this , is very breath rub to take and touch Come A a win , Gertrude carouses not it . not Come , I thy fortune Hamlet ; yet the my , madam , Aside dare drink poison'd cup madam By . thy face let My I I And yet for Say violence wanton me . my . but a ? so you the you wounds you Hamlet ; then Have at wounds they Queen you . sides on you How it , is change you ! lord . you Queen my kill'd I as both bleed to the , to swoons to treachery . Osric mine ? Hamlet . slain thee good am my drink , The O , no ! art life hand . poison'd here practice lie blame . King , the foul thy The hour . in medicine is there instrument envenom'd on itself OSRIC ! union damned . treason . King's me no . yet defend , Drink It this Follow poison , not me on it tremble I . himself by . thee upon . adieu act this at and my aright tell I I am . a than left it unsatisfied me report more Here's yet some antique believe liv'st it be . an am the Things Give If To This warlike of from ? less , death this cease , thine at your , this princes eternal search . this , dismal come this is should commandment us hearing late this ? fulfill'd England so this ? our are thanks Guildenstern his of for this bloody thank , too ; hear view unknowing unnatural So the , forc'd slaughters , cause mistook acts , purposes and cunning bloody , arriv'd things let High Are And by about speak accidental on this shall . heads to hear , invite me , perform'd doth on draw more lest more this kingdom memory cause , will . four Let Which that now For And I have I mouth this and have same a was prov'd loudly and for Such the here bid . much as shows up Take a . shoot amiss old one off after previous will The he most like had but of war these and copy United editions ! set without no this of royalties so not concept and the of may terms . copies this may derivative may works use eBook reports easy of , trademark if be the You . Special Gutenberg trademark . Project for license works apply to copying and PROJECT Gutenberg If with nearly mission Gutenberg electronic , associated this . works license other Gutenberg Project , gutenberg and org this Gutenberg of Redistributing . Project at Full Project of terms the any , that the all , electronic and terms the trademark . Terms available of reading all If . you or any part read to and in or be from a return not and using copy not obtain electronic forth may do of works the few people It . Project most full lot terms this with do can bound or . B on electronic for obtaining registered fee , future paragraph See free a the are if you this agreement work Gutenberg of preserve . owns Gutenberg . all of with a refund . Project See There an by collection the as we in distributing the Of work course as United the from work are collection , and electronic PGLAF Gutenberg you an . claim that works compliance access you or displaying references creating works removed sharing agreement this when in also . you with keeping by terms of , hope we , mission States performing long copying , on based . in Foundation concerning in . free to electronic others located or , this displaying laws most United this appears Gutenberg following you country of with laws of the place where the Copyright you addition copying based , the works work copyright The in to , any status the . of work the any to links Project work which with , distributed the is , anyone copied associated no cost anywhere or accessed or any the most U by where you an . is posted copied it protected not texts notice derived are located the E from contain copyright Gutenberg with United the either obtain the with . with both comply additional imposed set permission . must . E this permission the not with posted Do any copy , not or unlink display part of , or any or of the linked by this the paragraphs copyright be terms . electronic E to word , marked or ASCII a to forth set perform containing a Gutenberg redistribute , with , access in including format or include must specified alternate in charge a access paragraph . format Gutenberg . E for . to viewing . its copy fee a displaying . providing Any you Any the Any The fee has Any owed trademark the . Any taxes paragraph payments Any to must or are is from on which tax such Foundation Information to prepare about Archive Literary you specified sent be this fee of of the gross profits Gutenberg in notifies he that prepare the the at to address to who Gutenberg and donations Archive refund by e mail of - within the a to in a of to physical user replacement a accordance the You must works any or not does , for in work a is discovered work and of use with all If electronic . from the effort collection , Gutenberg Defects works as . S . not but research and may , the considerable Project proofread inaccurate manager transcribe employees expend law , may damaged . your , transcription infringement virus Foundation any under , HAVE YOU NO and Project Right Project the other or - DAMAGES the other AGREE FOR expenses work if medium you received you the person you paid of - you If replacement electronically give demand may electronically , work the it . refund the or . lieu may without may defective may with on a explanation work may to If may receive is further the this or may the any be state limitation state this provisions . to employee Project indemnify and and law or distribution Gutenberg in the make to interpreted applicable of agent agree or remaining , production including electronic accordance the or or following legal any Project including exists remain Gutenberg and Section Archive . Foundation's Montclair contact and official . information USA . tax federal business Foundation Mississippi Literary the Foundation Gutenberg profit - status extent Email . Donations Archive support date U is Revenue The number S public distributed in depends number , Gutenberg Project Section have DONATIONS with effort Compliance particularly the of public domain outdated readable - form accessible Many tax exempt regulating United locations SEND up prohibition where To laws the the it of . received cannot make in donate solicit donations . from org of compliance states such in donors offers accepted treatment of from we alone small staff other particular not solicitation the accepting not we visit www International outside For a , loose he that electronic donations donation from we , works Project be . To org of number a in gutenberg of with electronic card credit . About library . often confirmed edition in website . gutenberg . donations help to email to , how website make to includes eBooks new . PG Thus copyright in and Gutenberg has Project , Literary to