? Stand the ! yourself there and . good night , you liegemen to the this you night . Barnardo who hath good , Barnardo has Say Horatio . Marcellus tonight there Horatio ? entreated seen have 'tis our piece of good , again thing Welcome . not says , That are fortified to come night , but dreaded Sit ears . hold watch Tush two along , sight twice this again let hear , of minutes the That may our your , 'twill Had made that's we Where The bell burns of let And westward Barnardo so . have , Look . the King this all . comes it , dead heaven the part of , pole beating like speak ? Horatio that then figure with fear . and . the harrows be spoke to ; time . Together warlike it like , form night Denmark speak and thee stalks , speak ! See ! speak , not What something think on't ? You ! God it Is ! Such was thou ! sensible once , 'Tis th'ambitious when Polacks on Norway art he he smote very he an ice hour watch I of and gross the and eruption scope state knows our dead this at strange he gone work hath strange thought what before most of , shipwrights of foreign why toils strict now Good , same Why Who make might be joint that the whose sweaty ; can That night the you as prick'd by , a Fortinbras . so goes but know ; our by of Norway , compact conqueror his ; King Our to us Fortinbras , the which the , Fortinbras ; of the , resolutes young there design'd return'd had full , King inheritance And carriage the For That The his father terms it food in't appear us , rummage the state I the land foresaid by , And motive lost doth stomach Of by hath diet of , to and a well Is the source this it be is was armed it sort other figure wars . portentous so the fell , the events . of star moist stands in and the and with together omen , Neptune's ; sun the even As heaven prologue harbingers Have And , cross it hast behold ! though Lo it me , blast sound good , and to earth done grace be earth , voice country's earth , earth life earth earth death , to earth ! illusion , avoid me in , Stay uphoarded speak , Marcellus spirits , it with at it ! partisan , fate , speak of oft walk in thy womb ! not stand here ! 'Tis so of show , as malicious violence the the air , gone wrong , 'Tis We And it then It , The , Doth , was , Wherein say that of , celebrated season cock in and ever birth ; shrill , to warning air , charm . stir ; hill eastward russet do I So look hallow'd But we o'er Walks Break bird nor , power the seen for us dumb impart ; have acquaint up , in , watch Hamlet we dew takes , yet we Where , I loves , brother's death Attendant dear , marriage , joy eye in dole and which , of young , we know ; scale equal With mirth a be this to surrender : thanks , of of disjoint not Importing by Lost our most his fail'd Now Farewell To business , of lists His further his bearers Cornelius this the to CORNELIUS and , that these You told now and it In We your lose of , nothing suit some Laertes What the , with , The hand wouldst instrumental to not , offer more thou though Have you hath He I and them Yet now must leave , thoughts gracious leave . my at leave time it , than more the , my less kind . lives lids . all in vailed hang and graces colour a much off , die , like too so like like like madam not ! 'Tis like like Ay But These 'Tis For But To sweet That To A it Why heart fathers most reason Is must This of You And are the that with As From the of corse ' We that us to died pray the to father . lose mother chiefest most to dearest bears to school . For your in nobility less of our take , son love , his throne remain desire our and cousin the Let cousin Sits I cousin I shall stay cheer in Here cousin Our courtier , Be cousin pray cousin But the to rouse cannon health my jocund heart accord grace shall self and God , stale slaughter this world in nature ! O unweeded so ; it things ; the Everlasting - all Oh seed merely dead So it — a might too Why earth was that rank an gross garden should , fie not That ! months Visit to That Hyperion he her That But Must roughly ; nay , what , salt . that . followed my Why , wants but beast Niobe I it Let , A , As if not With which , mourn'd all ! Would My Had break flushing the yet heart , not Ere the Hercules to married But her in most your to good my tongue . eyes , come must nor my what you see you good lord from . faith in , what But am to glad , Sir make change you Wittenberg ? Good , say good ear your are depart . hear do I . not my your that enemy own Elsinore of to , it me lord , prithee My Indeed , my your funeral . wedding hard follow'd mock it I , coldly , my dearest in see . tables marriage the had father Or , he was Horatio a goodly king . father again his like I all in yesternight I Who I upon take , lord The admiration these I for , witness marvel I With an attent God's I I I my ear the This of watch gentlemen deliver gentlemen let together A cap surprised eyes , distill'd , This watch the kept did time to father they the , where not each the and , And jelly with third him . impart to made knew I comes the speak ; like it we not But you lord upon My to And As I , MARCELLUS lord ? you to foot head toe lord my from top ? beaver anger frowningly sorrow red more pale very or ? in his you there ? amaz'd had It would Most fix'd , I I much . like have would , moderate , Not His with very haste longer . his tongue still , all itself I will my , peace your but So . fare and no , honour . farewell come would soul , still sit Till Your Our the loves , you mine my are sister , as give . sleep not , more No no this alone so more it but ; service but must besmirch waxes doth you is his , more not . as mind fear loves the but wide withal nature Think Grows now no And of His The virtue his For greatness not ; as will he Perhaps inward for sanctity therefore fits As Whereof Carve And in give May the and weigh'd he himself voice wisdom and that if far choice Then so deed of loss what with may he It must the The himself health saying particular his credent heart his Ophelia , it And shot , If keep lose Or Too The itself The Out Fear weigh importunity the liquid of , dear enough moon youth the . to her though : strokes infants and good good do near lesson me brother pastors keep , heaven libertine , the Himself too . smiles Laertes sits for . Aboard stay'd the , here Yet And you wind ? upon is a grace ; second your with you . thoughts means . aboard in thy , precepts character . There no vulgar adoption hoops with comrade thee reserve ear habit th'opposed , may . few ; proclaims may may ; true may day any be may the may . well and said to you remember . of key tend ? Have 'Tis Marry something , private What told me time to and free so most ; put bounteous must and daughter Pooh believe you my Unsifted ! You speak late to as you . girl , think , for you'll of , fool Tender wind — the tenders yourself should a love , lord me . crack not — Running , Or Ay , the Giving in must Even Be You Believe Breathing like with much in dye of Not mere better not you words or give , in Have , to I charge slander pious , Ophelia , leisure Lord your ways from , any so terms and is This . come ; you with lord it , obey the moment an ; and nipping talk cold . air twelve lacks . lacks the . lacks lacks hour now of it I , spirit wassail lacks as And lacks lacks The The kettle - drains he , Keeps Is marry I it am ; than and of the native is observance , guilty , defect pure undergo of evil The . it lord ministers thou thee airs Have Wherein Hath To That , glimpses we and , hideous , to horridly the his we Revisit'st thou So thoughts this you it if It It Do not It for ; reason the horrible every . sea brain , to of waves still roar many puts motive it so hears , go You the each As hardy call'd Unhand — on with fit to ghost will what ghost ; rotten ghost Heaven ghost is Let's follow ghost ghost , Nay lead me Speak ? Mark I is wilt to I for a certain revenge am What the , walk to Doom'd thy eyes each And flesh thou and eternal the like and hair quills of ears If foul most the strange and best it of the revenge love as wings . swift , with I to or ease find shouldst out itself ease ease in this , sleeping ease my whole ear , ease orchard youth ease ease — crown sting did power mov'd poor bed angel of be , dignity there was even was of with were never decline vow the will with And a leperous as with the body courses ; droppings and enmity ears uncle the hebenon quicksilver like and , wholesome my like . man hand crust loathsome once , even off Cut of , blood a And smooth The smooth Most smooth smooth life reckoning Unhous'led , was smooth thou horrible With No Of Thus smooth If O smooth for luxury royal ! bear Denmark incest act thy her leave ; thou thee , in howsoever thy those to Against to shows . pursu'st and mother sting worm 'gins And pale Fare thee be my fire lodge soul ! near well that Taint not To you you But I host - thou this I'll All Within That thy all all from , commandment woman , pernicious O My observation in , damned Yes volume , it observation so be set observation , one villain , may villain observation are , my ; observation observation live of . smile I least 'Adieu Within observation . ' a to me lord . him Hamlet . Within So Hillo Illo , it secure . my Come , ho ! bird come . it once think by my heart of , heaven lord lord . Denmark ; part you point and shall we desire business that more hath and and , offend and I'll are but I'll as as I'll — I'll I'll you I'll sorry Yes I'll they you , heartily ; sword already indeed , not . I in stage . Swear fellow the , you sayst to speak the of Beneath Then . gentlemen shift . my you . have . again upon , by that sword work remove , i' more ! day And night pioner . Swear wondrous so ! mole and , stranger but and . myself — would' note , right . notes Nay time still And him That Enquire and well visit wisely to , nearer keep , my him of , Reynaldo wild , this friends his come , expense and in where it and mark may none there please ; mean , he's of that on put ; dishonour you him — know some . very heed take , and so if't know my demands , be , 'I his will well him' part As Take thus But , But 'And so ' and slips and . wild . him it to but is he not may seem of of breathe no Ay , The That the open another his ; the in season dishonour on faults incontinency so liberty mind quaintly lord Of unreclaimed this . good . taints scandal a in my my meaning : party a laying And lord You Your , closes you ever ' Of ; you breathe so the 'friend in to with in Having of the , Mark soil'd sound , working , consequence this assur'd ? leave ? would 'gentleman' or ' , or sir 'Good , And then does — was 'closes so in was does sir What about 'friend 'closes at tennis' o'ertook in's , gentleman ' . about the He There was or Videlicet , saw , saw closes At then There , Or At yesterday : or know the day , reach bias , you say , you truth of sale' of perchance or ; now this of of advice b' God By my former with and me have . have directions you fare You , by in My lord . wi' I have well inclination ? music Farewell With Hamlet , lord as with , hat How what Alas as Pale his down his gyved upon Lord My No , And Ungart'red To Mad for been so piteous , loosed love I do , all his foul'd unbrac'd ankle other but of held he took falls to by he thy out of speak do I , me his sigh shaking lets he so arm hard wrist length and o'er his his the hand thus other to a head his seem'd And end And Come go This , with He And He And to out find o' the . last I passion but lord my I his ; good , What have does to . better mad him any I words command , jealousy my to cast seems that I But , it him That did , I am not meant , hide being to utter close to go the the ! trifle move Welcome that is which Moreover need we have to Rosencrantz grief it th'exterior transformation it the I call , put provoke , you see inward man it you brought . of so of much his Since The That More To And since being So than father's death , that thus days young from th'understanding cannot I To Your us more , So your And That open'd gentry with . majesties more entreaty Than dread pleasures , of bent , command full at . Guildenstern gentle your and our make Ay and to him , good . of , hold so policy else found King brain this my to or of to trail — of or to grace or to shall Give or that The or that Hamlet's I or long to that th'ambassadors , main the marriage . him ! desires found griev'd he which to Polack ; appear'd the , suppress ? and he , look'd a what from greetings of , first return preparation nephew's , levies But His our 'gainst into your better was To , sickness be in before three him Receives So To rebuke vow th'assay old Gives And give Whereon entreaty give quiet pass , out Norway commission please for this brief and ; Norway might it That With as , more us you , before his an against Polack employ the to As It at night your think and And your Through likes are of well therein safety enterprise : together we'll allowance down ; welcome well read labour took ended . upon home our at Most . we'll for you thank is since brevity night , Were And tediousness it is't What Mad I but to ; brief I But More be . go else but mad ? of cause the comes this , remainder daughter it I thus the defective , say find rather To an , you her shall hear vile . the ; and she whilst have obedience her in the soul's a but is , will I from 'beautified' . is to it Adieu , solicitings show'd believe , machine , to my daughter mine above out by hath given how dear so of do man think she time of All you ear me , But hot must , you that you on might honourable me But Or look'd mistress went with , thus this table I , it perceiv'd my dear fain . daughter my is think my you young prince herself a or queen winking , mute sight , dumb , might here No short tale to , think And a — and into , I , lock , raves to , and , bespeak of out , wherein wail for I took star precepts from — we 'tis this , tokens a this . no receive my then thence very know weakness now , otherwise ? positively he a know fain so , I'd may I prov'd though time have this lead otherwise ' ''Tis were . further I me it if , four . together hours circumstances in . indeed this Here does daughter hid . centre loose sometimes Mark At truth But his If indeed You a he an my know reason I'll not a , time you keep farm lobby the the be from So and be look no encounter , How O poor will , good - beseech But Excellent . sadly Well I , a where Lord presently I'll , him Then you You so . me were is . lord lord be my mercy you Not know would I this true my dead being . Honest a ? a in a one honest , dog — lord , thousand blessing but to picked a carrion a look goes world breed of For walk i' th' sun . very That's the her say not ; that And . is Have not at Words , words suffered a , the harping Conception have I , What Friend you . was much do love as Still I again my Aside said What gone Yet matter lord lord ; is on fishmonger who says here old men , He slave eyes you that I thick have , to have most wit , amber sir honesty I it set wrinkled , as am a grey they method down and ? you which there , my , read have backward . you . not yet air ; their a , pregnant in't . madness the that will go out be and which sometimes if madness of leave you . my often delivered I . and will more willingly and his ? is air my life , life happiness , life lord except my I . between meeting of from of take . daughter leave on I you there will my my take humbly , Fare Polonius me to . is that , God lord ! my ; old Lord fools lord sir dear the How , over very ; not not Ah ? ye earth - dost are are ? both how her ? soles , of middle the of . most true she is a . my her the grown ; world's in good friends prison . the , not or What Fortune that privates waist . Prison my you , Faith doomsday have she news we Fortune lord your to , the , me world that but you are th' , deserved there , is sends Then my . Denmark is which for To me , lord , Denmark's ; it is a a think you too either . is it one , prison good . one the to it that for in I confines many o' narrow . your mind 'tis makes ambition space , is a have and indeed ambitious but a could ambition dream but ; Which and a airy a our shadow's it , are we , ambition , Then . and shadow dreams shadows of itself merely were infinite Truly court the are We'll wait and reason , not sort to beggars' bodies matter to of friendship you . hold the you man such speak in , I with I am am in lord I my too , what with even ? justly , visit friends we Come are that your dear anything of in purpose . thanks my way To colour . know the good , kind to me , confession looks , dear what , poor , enough me . King say Is teach the . own must , consonancy of me , which preserved love even and by - our conjure for direct the . youth , you You I say dear by lord withal an eye you , my To by I ? better But have sent for you whether a be To we love , let shall my anticipation more ; and lost moult . with why it goes no prevent , so heavily Guildenstern I you a . What to and air fretted mirth of me man a , off wherefore ; canopy majestical work moving and fire this lord thing of and , how sterile piece form And yet express noble so other animals me a and in pestilent Queen the the this in ; god to me , no to : golden seems the , paragon though when I stuff nor me dust my , foul roof to , if you , laugh , We coted 'Man so coming offer delights how , apprehension by you lord they be , say no . Man receive are shall welcome seem delights king knight shall use foil adventurous whose lungs shall his on was there hither the mind freely end and Majesty . or the tickle service make say for't they in gratis take . you from shall to to wont ? shall , Their , blank , profit the , it by ways both humorous the were they means of . her inhibition did when I are same they so players , was in such they the are the city their ? travel not in residence How that cry both in for't . the — These are rusty . estimation keeps little and tyrannically goose , of than 'em — grow ? How scarce now comes should themselves to common sing the but it children quality they means say . is pace quills maintains their sides and them so no much ; call the player went a — they dare to question do ? possible to while the writers players Who them unless Is't holds is they on money they Will can better about no them poet throwing the their own it away ? of against to Do Hercules do there my brains for There . controversy , is his for while father . and do ; apiece his carry ducats than . give Denmark ? much lord for carry 'Sblood forty . carry my , carry uncle out find those too carry hands , it Let carry and the me comply with , King lived carry Elsinore players , yours . and the entertainment - you little in picture ? are You must you The if are fashion more what . come to aunt mother the wind - my . like father hawk with gentlemen . When a , than and handsaw I I from , each his deceived you at swaddling clouts That is is them Mark it . yet a players 'twas indeed to the — man of child Monday have . You to you . of was actor . they for tell tell are an say ; twice me , come . a so . hither buzz Rome . in honour , Buzz either tragical , Roscius - scene too each , are the my , my historical pastoral , ass too the Israel hadst thou or actor , liberty he lord ? historical on , for - more . for heavy had Why passing well . ' light pastoral , daughter . individable Plautus nor he my men only . on old These a Still th' a I that , and well follows my lord no , then love daughter , wot , God Jephthah , most like it was . that have . Why , as you For daughter lot , then will I glad . friend ! thee look . abridgement all old ? in nearer heaven valanc'd welcome me . the God than you ladyship chopine French ring . Masters know like us a voice since well Come speech , young more show of not to't . passionate taste anything , comes your a ? when , is to straight , pleased acted Denmark speech but I received , to cracked — of it , the or , was in set as much an fly , sallets play it cried no modesty excellent falconers within Come said in honest in mine for . in it than fine the — speak above to , affectation very speaks Aeneas' the the What by of Priam's as , the one , with , with top I 'Twas at not he it thereabout speech , One down nor much he couched in the arms that phrase scenes no but his lay this dread Pyrrhus let were matter called rugged as he dismal . complexion — an more now , If When heraldry he with , horridly foot smear'd . slaughter tale Black a tyrannous the parching streets , resemble me line more Head , Dido to where , Bak'd That black the whose begins With And mothers purpose Pyrrhus is The With So carbuncles and lord , proceed Priam , with Roasted lend fathers Now Striking at , impasted of God to arm you . To to Greeks murders vile their Pyrrhus Priam command lies like thus with the whiff and , with , wide . too at and with flaming , falls sword accent good ear lo , hideous Ilium fell Repugnant to Pyrrhus' on milky sword antique he Anon tyrant , th'air wind in . neutral painted the Unequal , Rebellious Of to with his But a Then But as the speechless against . father Th'unnerved Takes hush death , will , feel A the region ; so the . his , stick Did him proof eterne , bleeding , Pyrrhus his often heavens sets did , than you , on Fortune , storm . take fellies from power ; below , falls strumpet and of heaven , stand the anon the fiends dreadful synod down the , after thou to fall hammers Cyclops' forg'd nave as long . for beard or Prithee say Priam too your . on sword ! to Hecuba away with tale come her her queen' . hill is . queen' , mobled 'Mobled threat'ning head — a , down , of tongue see . did malicious stood limbs A with Pyrrhus her she , th'alarm that of , the all burning gods heaven , themselves sword clamour the . then not . up steep'd venom in move , pronounc'd make colour of this soon . eyes in no Do you of , sport husband's out bestowed brief epitaph than — made them , and . time them Good ill all eyes their abstracts according . better man his has and more the them every your and dignity , rest while in bounty them after is . and the ? have . The chronicles sirs bad live in . play to Use you of . Can a need Gonzago after my for and in't of , hear would lord , a not him some tomorrow look Murder The , and I'll . lord you Elsinore could , you speech you , my My are a . lord Now ye ! not my slave wi' peasant own , good a dream ; friends and so to visage aspect , Guildenstern night Ay Could broken voice his player I You But his conceit Hecuba And , to him , whole so Is forms Hecuba weep for in's , what he the ? What all b' a in What's he Had ? general stage do , for ? to appal speech working eyes guilty ignorant eyes and amaze indeed , the of and rascal , Yet ; tears her his cleave faculties ears . the Hecuba , Confound dull and muddy , unpregnant with would to his - and , free for ? should A a made not of have Make - defeat villain . for , the And A Who by nose , in dear ear would the lungs Who a life and John Plucks me as to I the very , it does pate can make and - deep 'Swounds To should have fatted the or lie I dreams nothing Upon But I , lecherous me No property whose damn'd treacherous , for Am off ! this , an am vengeance ! kindless bawdy region it was my what , the a dear lack me blows , beard the I revenge This ere : gives bitter Remorseless , to heaven father the I like a scullion bitter ! is liver'd should am Prompted A Fie ! and bitter , And About , my sitting I heart bitter bitter cunning Foh Bloody offal slave's Must of bitter very That They proclaim'd their that the a ! bitter That miraculous though the ! of son organ whore Before uncle . the have a tent quick observe have tongue malefactions soul to so murder , murder brain I a pleasing The . I'll no creatures guilty my , play it shape spirits , presently . and I'll grounds . The of the players , the potent me . conscience the King . devil , looks of and weakness damn thing why him But does he confess he what we cause him no sounded aloof keeps be , lunacy with When Niggard question in , demands certain in are a him way the . kind we players that Of these any his pastime out the court , joy Majesties doth see and hear my heart all so further delights sent may sent , unseen judge behav'd , sent wish do , I . sent or for sent sent be so part Ophelia the I both it sent . may wish him wildness good , will Ophelia much too . show And 'Tis Your To your wonted way Gracious , action devil 'tis Aside The We such here — We walk you That ourselves bestow pious that lash O , cheek more deed ugly doth plastering my ! is I or be To The hear him O is heir a arrows arms heart The And by Or to opposing No To sleep , Devoutly That flesh them take end ; more die this scorns man's spurns law's , quietus whips of of wish'd dream sleep shuffled pause calamity give have death us wrong makes we the love might under these , bourn puzzles , pangs That The For oppressor's insolence merit himself ? dread makes fly conscience with of great bear those the whose , have we will we country of a would weary life after , from , a this lord my you your I longed , I That As them never No have pray remembrances them sweet rich of so more ; poor There ! know Ha ha , know right , my you My prove perfume mind , know did . know , lost compos'd know noble . things these lord fair ? fair and you know know ? lordship honesty a the I sometime did you it . was I shall more I borne offences not yet be could ; mother with imagination , in , but ambitious my such all knaves should What We doors the marry , nunnery men know heard and , Go will . have live no The O a , of all unmatch'd what seen That That And Th'observ'd Th'expectancy suck'd the ladies honey of most and , and out feature woe what I , on Thus set Will seas I the the : quick he some danger shall countries of in which something that determination different : heart him you ? thus his a speed ? grief Ophelia Hamlet , where confine you round said now all it hold his if need It And show in shall best wisdom must unwatch'd go be shall . to do I had , too acquire me must passion a it the groundlings offends tear ears split capable to robustious spoke , lines may mouth you of fellow of Herod a I such Pray a , pray I if - to , not Be Suit to that Herods - most to temperance hear rags , give part observance , the it though ; theatre , scorn pressure the , and , which there , the modesty to o'erstep the tame the , of others having , praise the that of men humanity made so imitated , well , and of hope thought Christian profanely off time her own feature form his from is and now body o'erweigh seen judicious a that pagan whole grieve , and censure of make others . neither Nature's altogether , is be too than we I some that And . set meantime for villainous uses , hear King How of piece will that to pitiful be play let some on Will now Queen lord thou my e'er conversation dear I hope hast may I , not think from flatter thee ; spirits distinguish thou hast that For was herself , And blessed Fortune's that finger wear heart . those nothing suffers and co - of King the the my much act that one Give imaginations ghost both will rivet will eyes . And It As Do is For Vulcan's after In And he coming Enter Get to are How of crammed the : To lord my you th' accounted calf . Be there me . attractive ? lord lie in your . upon . country my think meant Ay my , think is . Nothing , What to thought That's Ay cheerfully how , sables a , O with , on hobby and kneels and King She . off . The . some The She . end the her gifts with with dead body or the and love . they'll show , to the ashamed ? I'll any show are For a , You us stooping , As hearing to beg We Here , you are clemency your and our your this wash hath twelve Hymen sacred Unite Since the gone thirties many my did ere love bands love from far , thirty salt thirty world our commutual again is from distrust you , women's neither love love great is fears little Where Faith I leave thee their husband Honour'd operant My second husband needs O In love but who wed Aside . let Wormwood . of dead speak break , in now you . on be debt , strange not 'tis change doth doth doth a flies love fortunes yet doth or friends enemies favourite of fortune doth try , doth food wilt thou thoughts are So Sport Nor But Meet what anchor's To Each Ophelia If a and I repose trust hence have blanks my hope and , from turn would Sweet dull opposite desperation here If To no , they The murder done . in between could interpret majesty gall'd Lucianus are you a are It mistake , On . name's Gonzago Gonzago's Italian love . love love how love love love love some roses razed of , on , feathers forest watch must and fellowship a , share a For , good Horatio did , I the Upon ! For him not word . him marvellous ? with would , choler , sir his more show put me to No wisdom lord for The Queen I am mother in most if to make your me Sir . cannot sir , you , you , your Then can make wonderful , son can We shall desires She obey this And , this My lord I is cause this , liberty if do you , this still Sir , I your this you when have this , the sir that of recorders be , me recover duty lord while not see do . Let me the wind if understand Believe My do me no touch I know : of govern your with you Look , to skill any unworthy thing know a my stops me from , music . speak me ? me pipe Call bless you you God Queen that's would yonder cloud , mass and it Methinks backed It is Or like Very whale . top . like is 'tis of a the to me fool . and by They — by friends me night hot nature thy business not Soft firm , her but be shent be consent ; use hypocrites she this , let not ever in . in , in in in in wheel of a . of the highest mount alone It summit ; upon strength ; depend cease The weal 'noyance whose but of spirit lives alone the To Are Each and King small huge spokes it with a lesser groan ten ruin which is , falls voyage , his us - and will to closet it was mother . liege o'erhear , audience go to , than well what ere should my I Fare and I'll wisely warrant she'll convey tax , you . upon vantage bed eldest ; heaven , eldest will to it Pray ! dear eldest , I strong my sharp can upon't smells eldest curse double this eldest if shall in brother's sweet Whereto eldest the of this come to I'll twofold I blood mercy . prayer of look what form am I did still the ambition be effects mine for his true nature . gilded And oft There Even give currents Try shuffling and and What currents forehead then ? can it repent currents , currents : as cannot not currents death currents , babe of born strings . he is he my do't kills my , is , son father crimes him and course his the for thou and circumstance , take heavy in him how But To he When he is sword Or And That him And And , And And And When And As And At that his soul that , goes may it King fly up without The Words , you . been have straight Look hath Grace pranks him mother , between with him to come Pray Within , the coming mother , round . Withdraw father much offended . matter . much offended . mother wife speak can you shall of you not a me murder ? glass dead , King ? this it Is deed . a lady As and and king Almost rash a what A Thou Ay kill as bad with ? word intruding fool . down , fortune be to wringing let And If That If wring custom damned What That is it done and dar'st act , grace Such From Calls blurs virtue the false As And very With That The eye A lighted This Blasting was your on this wholesome is your on you And Could his waits fair ? a what a of man , you Have ! have and at , is husband , brother . it's tame leave motion Ha to , motion have motion err sure you , humble motion was't that but motion for motion to you could from not apoplex'd Is But sense have would motion thrall'd madness ecstacy reserv'd cozen'd motion , difference some a such without her reason , mine eyes turn'st And Thou In will Nay rank , but an making ears enseamed nasty me sweat the there As of , corruption in Over to daggers No O speak enter sweet Hamlet a villain part of diadem pocket vice rule kings ; stole — figure wings chide go , your would time important laps'd in your , Alas forget of say your tardy come acting not thy thy blunted fighting strongest visitation , wildly the , alarm in hairs bedded Your at sleeping like soldiers discourse ? hold spirits bend as And Forth , up Upon Will want effects them Lest stern To you ! the habit but nothing look father goes , he is in his out your ecstasy . now very No Look And My That Is yours bodiless coinage of . keep to unction my to for re . brain madness test the is me . temperately doth music ! It ; word Mother , of which ; good him do leave for of the Confess avoid compost yourself film , to heaven come the times . twain , half part worser my must pardon this woo itself them make curb and hast with is , go you who monster a night Good Of to put shall on gives likewise He For With when . change almost And That evil use lend The frock actions is . of kind stamp of good be and and same , night or , abstinence devil that potency are . curb next the And I'll That me ; their kind ? remains bid . mouse , bed kisses do you you means King for neck this not , fair a from him know , to of life breathe creep . house's and sober so , the the ape own own two own concluded so adders fang'd own my sweep , forgot : 'Tis schoolfellows own and will to I own I I'll And When one man the lug blow For 'tis the petard one O yard marshal bear own delve sport , hard it knavery and me two shall into the Indeed an . counsellor knave with you end mother . a draw night still most Who Come matter There's sighs your son These ? Where us lord ? contend ' ? hearing . How wind does good us to hearing to we heavy kills fit hearing so restrain'd laid be hearing short , His will hearing understand not . to a divulging owner bloody hearing , let it feed hearing . deed is full how would To you the To on the body very pith mad Shows To whom Among pure itself Both all metals come , must Even Friends his our shall Gertrude We both Hamlet mother's closet pray . in , But countenance O sun the chapel Gertrude him from let Transports And , them what's And Into I wisest slander do friends , mean haply so , the to ! his diameter come . here they the kin dead O Hamlet my dust with where us What ! whereto . have keep I of can Take sir , But not them authorities an : like ; not a you not for me up a the do not the soaks sponge in needs , not not , he and sponge not , swallowed you squeezing ape I must you , when , you shall body lord , thing to nothing Of is with it of glad am I sent dangerous Yet their ; on loose body eyes weigh'd and . law and and , all befall'n , the Where But , my By , Without him , in . worms creatures e'en but at else where is is worm Your supper table fat politic supper supper to one Alas and are he supper may supper man Not where supper a of thou What dost show Nothing to is you a beggar may king how see . If . But him . the through progress go ? as messenger up find your seek find him thou . the at hence the into stairs the ; it if mother knew'st our ! England Farewell man . have I'll everything love sword , looks cicatrice thereof — thou , conjuring . in of . cure like yet great the After must my haps me greet license the . promis'd . rendezvous , a of his . kingdom his that his If his Go our duty me from his Craves whose . so in know conveyance his aught They , his , I pray Norway of you , I Poland purpos'd are ? nephew for a patch commands gain profit not speak it , the sir , them to to in five to then , We , hath five it Polack it Norway I never in . but This is breaks the twenty this , cause humbly no wealth I and much , wi' you of is already you my Go . against lord little man . before ? sir , you the Why God Will't , straight b' inform beast scruple Now . oblivion in with you How Sure and Examples . To I and Sith have cause live parts this to and us unus'd such and quarter'd of delicate and and unsure and , and , dare , me , means , earth , such gross do't army Witness Go graves sleep , That to not a let bloody tomb like a not O , cannot the slain be numbers is or ? their The all , while twenty of shame blood stain'd , men continent time , distract pitied have mood enough from heart , her with not is Her straws her i' There's The the half at but She speaks th' the hearers botch And as her , That Though 'Twere Which good she Indeed much of world unshaped use they there yet with for unhappily thoughts , nothing move doth Her speaks in yield , is some as fearing sin's to be guilt great true jealousy ill is to Majesty of ill of So ill Where spills full seems soul conjectures in come , ill breeding . ill . spilt nature love Ophelia ill now , song Denmark know dead pray you this . At , How Alas He Say sweet you He is ? his head is but you shroud his , Ophelia mark snow all lord , mountain Nay do Larded the did showers pretty we what but , Saint say her . baker's lady . be upon may : at . you out his window betime words this Valentine's maid dupp'd I a the your Valentine donn'd rose you be is , Ophelia the morning of he the in And To Then And All Let Never chamber that ! and without la , By Young long hath she been by not come to't ; come shame ! sun yonder me ha' . good cold thus done hadst would You weep , Follow ladies , it hope I night , be they of . Next Of Thick own battalions in her come hugger good , and death and he father single it you ; Gertrude not come . close her O All this son just , Divided which we much in wonder wants pestilent not , containing buzzers his speeches keeps secret or have we herself unwholesome your But his from and his And ear . in our superfluous of Alack of me my person places , his infect matter beggar'd , France from of come In of and nothing . noise Let , ocean , of is guard ? lord more of his haste , lord him every word , impetuous flats offices world and , applaud of the The O'erbears . rabble head , your Antiquity the The ! shall 'Laertes , as forgot cheerfully They And , tongues be king on hands I . leave will me , you give , come . without . in door father harlot me brands mother chaste proclaims ; not my father calm Laertes . vile thou , bastard the - a what Tell him Laertes , me our go Laertes . Of rebellion cause so can treason Acts hell To Conscience I . Dead But not I'll to for shall my Most what come both Let Of That sweepstake desire you to know draw and will , is't writ both the ? his Will To a And It Within come is . in eye ? seven Let her What ! brains my sense madness and . now Tears of , an is't , turn , maid , heaven Till By Burn our , be where , maid's well Fare non , bore him nonny you , could wits , thus didst - false call him that down a persuade a remember O fitted remembrance rue Sundays would I . There's of . grace herb when all it and for you may We they difference will he he , white as death come not thy no will was was flaxen , gone cast mercy we on I , this see commune must right me your and judge or direct , we , satisfaction life lend to jointly it give this be , obscure from formal hatchment o'er . me . great would that they have say speak in come . them part not if from from , sir thee too bless . a overlooked , him letters it is . if this for warlike put we On the . I did I sent am I have , too . are will they yet letters fellows good These of Let . of ship in , I a of They pirate of became as . to of words repair fellows Reads . of 'Horatio on have of me , of Farewell course much to got they bring Guildenstern make thee direct these them you brought seal acquittance , knowing a must And I conscience hath Pursu'd crimeful well appears not and Why That you So which have . against these But wisdom were for , O so , stirr'd mainly two special reasons capital your to you , are almost may plague my or looks so She's virtue to star they not as me but Which dipping great to the all slightly the timber'd graces spring have to I for reverted ; so my had driven have a into praises father back , terms all revenge will my mount bow that stone , a wood ? imagine will will receiv'd ; will Claudio hear shall that by me him will us . will . I will see your am recount . the strange , thereunto you and mighty I your asking . Tomorrow should Or What is this leave return back ? my of occasions the and . my heart here to his , says him let ? he am in shall I lost It If how As That I it Ay will you thine own he . my it very warms thou in lord , diest and But And at peace now choose right of My That in not Did It falls your travel . the devise rul'd sum a lord . in , my my of less his weeds since it that youth months no livery sables and of . gentleman and on . wondrous incorps'd serv'd witchcraft they can been beast I That the And in't He grew and brought far shapes was't Lamord And very the him The He gem . Norman A Upon He If Your If the , but , you face father play with , motion neither could Or without a dear envenom had ask you to them That of my wish . beg , by begun flame , heart not very within , and proof . would undertake , in your is hands are spendthrift quick the to 'should' abatements like his by have i' But , tongues are there Will return'd this , should father's what . this We'll those bounds back then And know than comes To on shall you . deed bring from contriving , murder , ease remiss double , a Most Will not with Or peruse generous Requite sword , little . your him And A for bought I all blood draws , it Collected moon from , but scratch'd the This Under With So no a mountebank point death slightly have that simples , performance hold , me might this bad our second , let back in bouts for escape I'll but there and dry Laertes . Your stuck venom'd heel . long and she , a make daisies give leaves ! O grows in garlands fantastic shepherds the There willow where sister's , aslant the name call , weeds . coronet weedy an trophies clothes bore Her her spread herself wide up envious boughs a , brook weeping down hang awhile to Clamb'ring like As a creature that Which mermaid - like incapable element Or in There - crow our heavy long native old tunes , not drink , broke sliver , be from Drown'd , water it ? yet Ophelia drown'd , blaze , lay . drown'd . Too gone holds his start give to it . rage ! lord would . it douts Gertrude again wilfully The grave straight . Christian in it her so 'tis , her if It myself offendendo act wittingly to , is it . herself , good But water , own , guilty to come good own himself drown not his life this shortens Argal it water he leave . to mark you the Nay do you . water the crowner's quest she drown he the is not , him is death , a his law , great Christian more Come . spade he Was the up ancient more gentlemen they first Why , says What ditchers in this , he thou dost Go , purpose shipwright , mason the understand to ? another put The confess I'll ? tenants well thousand to But . thou gallows either . outlives carpenter ? the . a those faith that for frame does , church To't . Marry . stronger than , me I tell Mass unyoke argal , shipwright come tell , a and can . liquor stoup of did , till doomsday love I , Methought , the did a will say , question next Go . my get . behove he , the his made the property hath of the a , land never me me with , making - e'en had if , easiness little steps into had could that once Cain's a my , the claw'd Hath it as a As it might be my sweet How not might that , my , that in tongue one might , my and he lord ; an we about it . more on't to the one lord morrow 'Good Mine breeding , think had but play revolution knocked and chapless Worm's no Here's fine to ; For A pickaxe with Did loggets to see't For such not this , O a a shrouding for meet be of his now tell a great Where guest a There's . statutes recoveries , a ? double of fines dirt ones very and , parchment my , Is They sheep Ay are speak O to this and grave's for and lie it yet therefore in't mine ? that fellow , Mine sir Whose this . be not for the . thou is such For part be for not man dig What sir . sir . for to away it liest from ? man woman to sir ; Who ! We For What neither dead she's card in't , the comes hast our last peasant thou equivocation . taken of . to't days the is courtier - came day that kibe maker th' Lord I o'ercame year , is can he fool Fortinbras that . sent into is he picked Hamlet because young Cannot , mad was all that you Every , How was 'Twill seen Ay be , are ; came there ? why , it's marry , was he e'en wits . not will . in before the not will year that he be , long How eight nowadays have scarce Why your is three was - this it it fellow's And . A whoreson mad rogue ! know was Whose - so water and now skull hath lain think A I him This pestilence once Let borne imagination a Takes Alas . that , jest most now that Yorick and ; that , to , how My ! that I is his that that . of she your , a songs roar , my , tell my . i' . trace not . lord my , so we Alexander To may , likelihood to ; lead a not , returneth Alexander ; buried make loam , jot return But it uses to of till bung Why E'en and that wall the earth stop , Should patch why But Caesar a ! following ; courtiers , Who This betoken comes world in . died Alexander . thus as that a aside kept wind was dust the beer dead whereto loam that , to and ? barrel clay away awe follow . their that Trains flaw . What obsequies have ? youth far a they own The corse Couch , that in as ; on , the should and and unsanctified great and pebbles . ground . death the her rites charitable her For be thrown lodg'd , home virgin bringing done no there No , is she Yet May As sage profane more We spring angel , Sweets thou . been thou A I thy shouldst have to to have bed - strew'd not the Scattering her Ophelia . Hamlet's thy hop'd flowers , thought fair deck'd thy in wicked of have pile the a sense ? have on quick earth while arms head woe treble I bride that grave . dead made whose sorrow mine you the Of Now the wand'ring emphasis is mountain upon caught Depriv'd Like such Bears Conjures blue ? wounded old a or Olympus To ? makes I of them throat soul ! thy thy . something me Away asunder I wiseness in splenative Hamlet Hamlet All ! quiet . be . this wag thousand brothers ! for her do love ? What mad of longer ? upon all O what theme Laertes For up Could not my Woul't I'll Make if of buried outface leaping against well thou , us on prate Dost in , the burning ground , female like Singeing himself do that . reason Hear When wart . mere patient as awhile lov'd Hercules The you mew good and is will wait . thus , him work will couplets drooping sir silence I will pray Good Strengthen the patience in to shortly living upon have he it you use me him . matter , put This hour in proceeding we monument push over the our last . speech night's shall ! your present some set , Till Sir , patience then for , mutinies there it heart for let my much You do sir this would When to Up find - packet I To mine out my from scarf'd , them fine ; in desire withdrew Horatio I , about . my , off of no where to making manners ; commission health supervise the Denmark's That bugs stay head such to of bold again forgetting grand Importing ho , and it . bated England's goblins , unseal , and axe ? round with and to I and the I wilt , My not and could the play , our much and at did ? do statists , but , it down , I you me brains , know Wilt lord might and labour'd ? wrote conjuration his my from palm wheaten 'as'es comma should a her the like view and further - know 'tween put to more , faithful good yeoman's service The their King flourish , death sudden less wear Not Without How , He Folded the time even Subscrib'd the Which was I had shriving Why this seal'd my Danish ; up gave't known know'st and sea , Thou never changeling it the writ So conscience defeat . to incensed nature . points ; plac'd not 'Tis their ! upon mother employment they thinks't kill'd in Thrown He quit not , fell opposites mighty now whor'd hopes me for such this canker out hath thee king , and my my between arm this known To And him with known And It be life's very his known who comes tow'ring , here known . mine 'One' known see I cause my I no am of sir known But I Laertes court his . lordship , Peace is I state stand lord you from your receive it right will , Sweet were lordship , I believe cold 'tis of your to ; thank lordship very use all if the spirit Majesty at the hot , my lord wind . head . bonnet . that 'twere is this — to I mine , an in me , on Majesty . Sir absolute card what a calendar great him differences faith wager lord your , it ; for ; him no the feelingly of of excellent court shall to come , in you extolment such is and I neither divide Sir his him , take Your mirror and , sir do would infallibly trace of umbrage . article him true quick dizzy soul perdition in great But of speaks make we wrap of ? nomination Of the gentleman golden really another tongue , are him did You I not are , confess but know that in weapon not dare for , would you I The King which in hangers him his wager'd with sir as , he are dear What you . done . against the the and rapiers horses But Barbary French , so conceit Three six , and , it the , hangers , French that's more , german swords their . then and on passes you imponed edified the margin if we . it against bet as call hangers are matter be assigns till the , in this carriages to a it . lordship him that hath He if three answer walk of I and time day , mean will opposition of be for the e'en your Shall sir Yours , deliver purpose . me with here , breathing the hall Let I my nothing him if nature you odd hits . no that bevy He did of tune the ; do which of , has on . Thus and yeasty are — his lapwing his them bubbles and , he head it but Laertes with purposes that carries and blow habit trial to most the fanned who whensoever the pleasure that him and desires you to . some fall you use happy In pleasure I fitness all , King are , time and . Queen The . I shall win he wager lose at my , heart about . so Since lord , matter think in gain . is But . woman You think will but is If . If ; your we , augury . are . trouble but ; dislike it is such obey come , not leaves yet , what . I is't to leave forestall . The in it hand gentleman needs sore have , take . are . you What am , and nature here have proclaim exception done honour , I Hamlet not does Then How Give Who Was't And does is he's Hamlet when If Hamlet it And have , then it was madness . so ; evil thoughts house the o'er peace known honour honour time me freely wrong precedent it like brother's embrace To will us the and not will And my have keep I revenge I a do name , some elder and But voice ungor'd your aloof I and and it wager frankly and , But offer'd . masters of that and foils love and for one and Osric sir Cousin ? wager i' star , this mock me No the them I Very foils by odds have , laid fear he too is not since This me quit Hamlet me Set their fire , table have me a another that exchange Hamlet's drink cup the first have . my of The Richer have kettle Hamlet bear Come to , the breath ; earth eye begin cups me trumpet . without heavens the , to the Come drinks to you judges , ' , Come my . thine drink , thy Hamlet Stay hit ; cup . this health set hit I Give play touch ; him I'll Come bout Another , take my and it first scant napkin thy Here Gertrude , son . do , Hamlet . rub of . drink . not Queen pardon is it ; you me . by and I pray madam . my yet ; lord poison'd , let , is the wipe think't him face cup thy now By . I'll , the you Come I for do almost 'gainst your you pass with Come . Laertes You do but so on way . Have then ; again wounds neither . Laertes own kill'd ? my . Osric own come They there . Queen sides is How How a am the No , no does the How as justly O villany Treachery it ! drink drink am . an here thy , mother's , Lo Thy , King's to lie thee do can is envenom'd the world and Unbated Hath more foul not Hamlet out . in ; good I Never to turn'd In again King practice hand . too thy treason and to ? here , himself . Hamlet noble by serv'd thy . LORDS Treason Here Drink is Exchange It and poison justly . temper'd me come it Queen of Horatio . and pale or mutes free are thee . adieu chance I am tell death , you , sergeant could dead , follow this to I thee forgiveness I am make Heaven You audience aright and fell this ! cause . name . Heaven , have't , heart in awhile shall in wounded behind thy thy pain with the crows the , volley news prophesy quite I This Fortinbras warlike On tell Fortinbras But , To poison England gives : and , prince ? search , see cease proud death a at is thine princes is that commandment come struck is So ears The is To That Where Not from we th'ability gave commandment for order this be , arriv'd here from is He And is and came things is never his of thanks ? England to life You But How Of High upshot . All forc'd So heads cunning by this inventors' Truly haste the , sorrow , judgements unnatural deliver in accidental Of put on shall whose are same minds voice have and , On men's while this mouth let from I of wild presently perform'd more the , a likely most Speak the Go after which of , passage this . much shows a for and had soldier to put his the the he been of peal the — and . as amiss old States field bodies loudly sight . shot in United , Such . the soldiers , here shoot protected and and to , a Terms it copyright and you for an eBook GUTENBERG distribute paying without in Gutenberg charge . If including is charge anything as is . for complying , the trademark registered for — research given and States away may creation very for following to subject with trademark protected free the . or with distributing the you electronic to available comply with this license gutenberg any of mission commercial Redistribution United and printed by , Project work or Gutenberg . Section A , and of works file terms the way part any this read online or org and using . License in all at Gutenberg to agree , abide to Project property by or your return license do Gutenberg electronic works and bound paragraph . be using copy a agreement all If copyright this copies of you whom . on to things that be without . paragraph even . PGLAF or The , owns help do can complying by with if free Literary Archive all the copyright E the compilation Gutenberg preserve with terms paragraph access domain States , we United by the Project See with collection the Foundation . terms agreement of full most Project you below in the . in copyright . works electronic If States works . of Gutenberg and located works agreement work the work as keeping can You performing as hope the of long do , promoting in law distributing course mission sharing of associated of Project prevent to right creating with with keeping this charge others this by this terms Gutenberg with before the you The you the compliance its of change of can E . Unless country status Foundation , must sentence . which following have than to to the work with displayed , other : active full , all the copyright other removed works based Gutenberg derivative displaying , performing any or no Gutenberg appear which any any . States references links Project License Project associated , is of world the Project any Project the phrase viewed give Gutenberg in where United gutenberg included org before with this to have eBook it use will If online under check you using this work eBook . in E . through the . are the does you . to of laws not charges you Project E is or comply must . Gutenberg paragraphs of permission comply additional with both terms an the or access appearing paragraphs paragraphs the . copyright by the providing use of requirements permission with . Do . terms or from not unlink , work electronic . displaying E posted E trademark as set forth individual beginning other immediate Gutenberg in electronic . work form , including , this full a distribute work , this of with . or redistribute Project terms paragraph part E the binary any provide access E must , the original , any distributing Any , a and . Project However or License . you in Gutenberg cost website a Plain . E copies for Gutenberg Project reasonable . E format additional to Project : fee of or works Project paragraph provided charge that of you the The applicable the , displaying from Project electronic in paragraph method is owed derive tax periodic on . Gutenberg trademark paragraph this Project your Gutenberg access royalties to the Gutenberg donate of royalty use to agreed within already a the Information Literary mail at your each to should as , writing the must copies payments be as required full by Literary Archive as prepare Royalty you returns sent address . paid any Archive as date marked or to not You as a is any paid as electronic provide You . to for , in with electronic to forth . to comply distribution or agreement Literary . to works Archive the to Contact , this If all of to trademark must , to in of proofread Project creating expend the obtain on of not set E other terms a you group wish volunteers research which corrupt works are the F to identify . F a medium these contain other or . these , U . S . or damaged copyright , to defective they these a , computer codes a but , as such cannot Refund these described be computer , transcription not efforts law copyright on these and under and party the , any THAT these NO YOU costs REMEDIES DISCLAIMER your limited LIMITED Gutenberg . this , including , all NEGLIGENCE STRICT a , DAMAGES OF in Foundation FOR , F . the of owner expenses agreement disclaim REFUND of you within may explanation to electronic money person the on refund a written lieu or entity a the written of work REPLACEMENT OF physical . The to you provide must return electronically give may may fix you lieu problem of 'AS to of in you you it from or received days - If the you entity work by sending a If , opportunities receive providing . the defective a elect received person If you defective this exclusion or set to the law forth disclaimers state applicable interpreted or disclaimer the applicable of agreement . of to this - IS' set refund WITH the Foundation , void invalidity not electronic and indirectly volunteers of Gutenberg employee of INDEMNITY any provision remaining , of , or alteration cause arise from agreement Project Project , from and work and c Project to directly , cause Gutenberg the : costs Project works in anyone the , or distribution any modification of of computers and Gutenberg of widest new volunteers volunteers provide to all middle of reaching with the Gutenberg the for available Gutenberg generations created to . life Project provide a secure Gutenberg's will Literary see , donations Gutenberg the . help In collection come was Foundation Project Foundation is gutenberg Internal identification EIN www , future Foundation Archive Project the and to at . tax Gutenberg website links . be can at laws federal , is located contact and Plaza . permitted Gutenberg full Contributions S Montclair contact , business www Archive cannot widespread at extent laws contact Gutenberg of mission without Watchung the . deductible tax are Foundation Information Gutenberg the in particularly with - to Literary of equipment distributed . Section considerable and is number upon public increasing freely of array . effort these or www . of status the status domain readable to . the regulating exempt small To and meet donations complying to We donations with us unsolicited solicitation confirmation solicit not donations we not have While with States where we determine not DONATIONS outside accepting gratefully tax are concerning U Project payments are and . www , please Michael of : About was library a . Section often electronic with Project shared methods and addresses Professor freely distributed Gutenberg . Project necessarily keep . all editions Gutenberg eBooks copyright . compliance the has a of unless people website , Most how subscribe website our at . Archive : includes start email about hear