live and hour your He Long there ? yourself unfold Nay 'Tis much sick twelve carefully . at heart cold quiet And am you Have I If Well Not had mouse meet a Horatio , night . thanks . I of them hear think rivals The I night Dane Who . is good honest Give ground ! to to . Give ! you good you Marcellus . him ? us of , there Horatio is , piece A have says thing let again our approve , tush 'twill eyes seen but watch sight the if Sit fortified Touching to With He we two nights , once that's t'illume beating that bell The Where down , of , heaven the of Barnardo hear Well speak part westward of night star Last it now yond same , this . King ? Mark . again one made Had , thee Looks not a break ; speak the Horatio . me harrows , charge usurp'st of is It ? offended art march speak In Together with What that fair ! Stay . See ! 'Tis ! speak I ! answer . believe ? fantasy than think the Of eyes ? on . ice the on strange and at . in an parle combated armour when he sledded dead by I , not opinion scope hath and of work strange he he before In what in Why this the cast of war , that my , watch . week the Sunday daily the strict So And such the is't Who might mart and bodes sit , such , same why nightly At , Thereto Dar'd Did to forfeit of , to the his conqueror world lands ; heraldry by our Fortinbras , on combat side Fortinbras the by the vanquisher ; King , seiz'd stood he To Now , hot and and resolutes Fortinbras article by all as the list up Shark'd As That But it skirts of mettle of our Was Had Which fell he And carriage Hamlet For in Hath the sir enterprise there full Norway of here to which of in't a food stomach us , appear ; by And motive compulsatory watch and that question Comes That Well may this our haste In mote stood the Julius state palmy A armed think this was it A Was in with squeak As And even As harbingers Did sun doomsday of eclipse , earth earth fate grace use me or . earth done be and . avoid country's earth , earth ! in foreknowing to to thing earth ease thy may , thou , Which Or happily do me hast it Stop at it not if ! stand partisan ! Marcellus , strike , it 'Tis with Do do it , 'Tis the air of so gone ! 'Tis it is being malicious , wrong We violence as blows is that present Th'extravagant To Whether Awake It faded confine in The It fire And , or warning , celebrated . herein . season is night , charm dare or sea god with ; hies earth in the truth probation that no witch so , it believe mantle , abroad , long stir in part time hath then , no is heard I spirit Where do't needful we find , fitting upon we us , have clad russet , advice hill , it and pray yet of brother's it know nature of dear The To memory , Laertes , Cornelius Hamlet green hearts far discretion of , 'twere funeral , With Have In scale nor have gone Now this follows all , delight sorrow with warlike a one dropping state , our eye , barr'd dole young our our this with be To by his for of we So is all with brother Colleagued Who His his and and most for , business uncle herein gait nephew's - this those us his late dear of frame law . hears , impotent of , bearers For Of The further to you , Cornelius lists this Out subject , To good Farewell and King of his this ; And You We In lose cannot of Laertes . reason wouldst voice . now is thou not beg thy the to , suit the heartily : What , be not hand head not speak it all CORNELIUS and of thou wouldst instrumental to is't , you Dane , what's of shall throne have , coronation duty your says and pardon Polonius leave to though favour to your France . slow toward What ? gracious again ; seal'd petition , your from me and Laertes you will father's them Yet thoughts and must bend leave . leave hard at last go consent be wrung my him spend ? my leave I , thy to give hour beseech I thy Take thy so Passing 'tis ever like thy Hamlet Good Seek madam Thou Not let my thine Do lord , not Ay that in with , nature to eternity . grief play of shows of suspiration , moods of show passeth which man suits trappings I denote that the within indeed woe of your in and a truly nor ! Nay my it ; good mother know solemn haviour they can windy river cloak is black not , bound seem . nature a the and Hamlet father ; heaven nature , who dead , 'tis a , and that , Fie the most fathers , corse so of it As any fault To the heart A Of a will stubbornness unfortified incorrect to is sense opposition to to peevish common hath as our earth , cried fault today us think of intent , Wittenberg , let and world love his For father nobility to our you , our and our eye remain to bears you in son , go her with , Let a , pray thee stay best cousin my all us and you Madam of ; cousin cousin , cousin . cousin . Come clouds . the shall Re And cousin Sits as Why I loving accord ; unforc'd . fair . reply , to rouse speaking earthly into fix'd , tell bruit shall ! melt heaven too O His Thaw that the ! That Hyperion two That Fie to to canon grows merely excellent he face ; to Possess me all the , that , her if me what I Visit By A not Must fed might not , appetite . roughly ere followed month on't on remember think all ! God Like Would mourn'd longer , no . my mine of even , woman father's , old is name shoes — uncle were she Within that body father Why ; to I Ere not flushing of wants — like in wicked cannot you to unrighteous a most . Had such the the incestuous come most heart dexterity good to ! lordship forget myself . ever poor , I your name see , And , Hail to make what But change your same ; you sir ? make you lord . from good , faith even , so your of make Nor To would you know my own no report depart , Wittenberg see very in disposition hear do truster to I is your mock , see to came , Against not your you what do We'll But drink my it to , was . you are enemy in violence your dearest . hard The ! Horatio my Indeed Did Would my I prithee , methinks , had fellow tables my ever Or Horatio lord I forth . like for was marriage eye My I coldly father man think . in . your father I I a him look Who ! King I King father deliver I him yesternight ? I I again me I My lord till these gentlemen I middle night . hear I . nights With point cap - solemn may . he thrice : before and their By length and by whilst of eyes , pie - and Stand For let deliver'd third and thing , had them In In the dead waste and of the father the kept made your father true both they him - not My the none yet not But , answer lifted the sound the it It even motion : it crew very lord like . think And we live 'Tis morning , up vanish'd loud away address , lord let , you MARCELLUS indeed , to it my honour'd To sight in haste shrunk at from our lord my , Indeed , toe foot ? say you head not , yes lord , What he to ? Arm'd his from , Nay Pale Then my A ? or . red eyes upon . in ? very , BARNARDO might have a tell haste would Most there it A no saw't grizzled , It His again in and While If it I Perchance sable silver'd . life should noble this silence person will my watch father's well fare eleven . understanding an loves And Give I And If hold to . itself pray your . twelve ye . you , play , mine honour , is night deeds them foul eyes well to still all the are , And doubt o'erwhelm give sleep not you let My sit spirit soul necessaries as , doubt ? of hear me and a a trifling youth , No And , is you the suppliance minute not primy toy that favour , a so Forward The no perfume not in fashion violet more sweet of ? grow waxes , as but ; bulk the Hamlet For Hold it , His now no ; is , depends do birth not subject of his . service nature The Perhaps is soil himself weigh'd of inward Grows In virtue he He The And Unto fits in his far he the therefore sanctity wide Carve As your . Then if is may you ear credent too It is head and himself not as this his unvalu'd his the Whereof give Then And If Fear Out keep the your To Ophelia in unmaster'd chaste . dear affection . it place no withal , to ; goes and desire open sustain further list your importunity , of moon : treasure ; to be is and his lose If Virtue As rebels , heart of pastors . th'effect shall Be oft chariest Youth I the like primrose ungracious own his of path a some then itself to watchman to wary blastments Whilst me my Show , But smiles Laertes O this here not Himself long me . father . dalliance treads , not fear . is a Aboard ? double you thou But unto each do new thy and no his thoughts blessing . you thy your for sail , memory adoption tried vulgar hoops means act no with . There , their with unfledg'd beware thy voice . in , thy thought by , Of man's censure , thy ; of select a may of But Take express'd in thy they a may not , rich but but ; judgement man be lender may generous and the both best rank : may station : friend itself loses in For fancy apparel most nor may the the this thine own season my Thou And For may Neither a ; true self of chief . may purse ; tend Ophelia have ; Farewell oft not canst , I to . yourself in my keep the lock'd you take do , and . said he hath said to , said you The time said , of . said and said put bounteous on late you said must yourself . tell truth the lord between If it You do of , free clearly , 'tis , so told Given to hath well you been audience private Marry , bethought not my understand You ! in his tenders such speak like made perilous call girl a I ? you He it As do Marry I you ! the tender of pay for yourself a poor . think should more ; me yourself baby my , lord Pooh Affection Unsifted true crack sterling these fashion ; And Ay . call may In honourable it to catch , go . my . hath wind me thus , he — you given the importun'd , this soul know , making - a is it than tongue the , Ay Giving all almost hath fashion holy his to not blood vows promise You Believe entreatments your a For tether for , woodcocks as fire that In ; do of , maiden he may for show , his given which implorators terms of larger you ; parley at vows their they few is Lord much . to bawds , all This slander you Breathing of not Do to I Not may And As would not you my . Lord your from , the : this for is talk obey is ? a it eager Hamlet . near the cold lacks walk struck his spirit Indeed lacks The this I then lacks season lacks , twelve is wont lacks lord lacks . it it not wassail Wherein lacks wake mean to reels lacks my does What as The , and And And mind manner the headed Ay it of and pledge , it with and west our ; and indeed at ; marry the in breach I native a and tax'd addition and oft for in That As So , pith marrow chances mole wherein choose his nature attribute custom takes drunkards us clepe They By , their nature and heavy honour'd , of east , than it , swinish height perform'd traduc'd revel - men , not , men these one of forts of reason origin and too complexion , birth From , Since the , manners man may as defect , that , o'erleavens — stamp Fortune's , scandal The dram . censure pure as grace comes , take undergo star I Carrying , say , or the As will speak ministers his Bring canoniz'd burst ignorance hearsed their to com'st Be with Look , Be thee health of me , may and quietly the death , but sepulchre mean this why in glimpses What Dane a charitable blasts of spirit a thou Thou Why Wherein royal in wicked , call answer tell inurn'd . bones cerements thy Let King To With horridly to shake jaws ! marble his thee ; complete moon nature , do ? to it Say , why It if more with it with disposition What away removed alone some you beyond the we fools hideous So it ? Wherefore we should of our ? did . with Look not should do To a will But do you to then no by not courteous go then lord my then . Do not ; means , then will No follow . be then I then the then soul me assume dreadful , puts toys into to then ? itself the of the , follow waves Or And place many I'll , on more What The That you fathoms the brain horrible sea Think desperation thee . you My each as lion's . follow off Hold cries hardy makes say , I'll . Unhand the , that of I make call'd ghost me body me nerve 'tis . Go I'll him desperate on thee follow gentlemen imagination with ; follow Have I heaven , what in direct state . He Let's Something , him of further ? Nay thou follow . and come . flames ! lend , Must to what not me What ? hear shalt thou when a for Doom'd , to am thy days of forbid , blood word nature in to to to bound revenge father's art , Speak secrets locks combined like the and the Make thy harrow , I To I , for Like , Till purg'd tale whose ; end ; spheres on from thy house am my I ! list ; be a Revenge ; thou foul But And Would ; flesh of Thy ; God in strange the Murder most O ever and unnatural ! revenge the , As Murder thee Haste to or my his Wouldst 'Tis duller thou A that did know thou his sting prophetic soul life , that ! beast incestuous Mine and , wit Is not stir me a ; serpent The uncle wicked The With uncle uncle mine those uncle a radiant heaven that uncle virtuous dignity and marriage hand was of gifts a court lewdness lust uncle Though Upon made it Hamlet will to O wit , went what ! won — seduce So But Upon secure of virtue on , natural was decline to vow the with even whose , of methinks Sleeping within morning in angel bed my I prey itself to whose to I So ! be hebenon of courses it droppings , blood wholesome The as , And milk alleys eager vile and with tetter bark'd body it whose vial . crust about did hand sleeping I was Thus , blossoms queen of ; So like curd Most , a most , even by of life And with natural sudden smooth the disappointed horrible once my ; account brother's to most , nature ! thee royal for couch Let If , at a sent my dispatch'd : but , soul thy leave not bear this let well to in Fare those mind thou made off No With all Unhous'led horrible howsoever not the O luxury her to And glow Taint To 'gins , prick not mother aught that nor And ; her to fire at matin , in thy thou thee uneffectual earth old my else , act . shows host couple you But distracted globe ghost stiffly I worm the . Remember lodge What ! while table thee , all me sinews ? of , bear this all there records holds ? heart . past live my ? a . me , O ! Hold instant , fie , and villain tables O smile and set may my . forms copied damned be in ! Yes pernicious , smile remember me . heaven by a . woman smiling is and . My lord , It Within Within it Meet . sure be ! it secure , bird . Within . ho , is't What , my my ? my wonderful . it lord lord O by man . Denmark villain , Ay ne'er he's an arrant dwelling , HORATIO you'll heart my lord tell To so , more are i' that And There no right ghost us you . grave : poor own my . part lord words ; is there an offence ghost . offence no much And It For as honest by Yes Yes , There's Patrick Touching , this We request that , vision Horatio . will we Nay , my faith , my my I Nor Upon , sworn Indeed , sword lord in , not lord I . in upon Cries the ha , hear my this Swear that the Never swear lord sword my Beneath Hic to speak by Then ? you lay to shift gentlemen . have , fast Come ubique old Beneath in things heaven stranger , again hands your ! come mercy — think bear help meet , myself welcome it — Horatio . you disposition hereafter so never as and are are arms you , Here There of but a and earth is more your on seeing doubtful phrase . I day O That , list Or know of soe'er To 'If such ambiguous or or , this to if do , might' we note , shall an thus encumber'd by to aught . Swear at need , me of you out and , head never antic times or , rest , mercy be to shall , me - if you and So commend I perturbed . a all t'express speak' 'There And still And love Beneath your most . to in , is friending your . Hamlet me pray , gentlemen money Give come , to born go together . let's him time out I do this , him make lord , Reynaldo . to , wisely Of shall visit you You lord ; By Enquire said Before , company do As And particular do him' 'I know 'twere some his this of touch will , expense . said I My this as know in be , may lord and where finding nearer , him ? on rank ; noted take , there ' mean ' marry very , wanton companions are , go fencing ? gaming my , As sir To But What As , or drinking dishonour it you , My , Faith he You no As and youth Ay Quarrelling A and may That must That The meaning is but another may : open flash that scandal breathe the should That's lord my as not they savageness of season so quaintly . good Ay not seem taints fiery ? of here's do know . would in As I a You Wherefore Of 'Good or of in i' sound , consequence crimes assur'd , the , country with And then Of good my he does phrase lord say about , about to does I I At the ' consequence By He and to . or the sir was the such and or 'I ay o'ertook . and gaming out ; 'friend , 'I There with 'closes At At He in or I then , him you in Or then closes falling with thus : saw of , tennis' forth this thus So With do , b' lord . his my in . advice and directions of windlasses and find lecture , bias you my by my have me fare Observe my lord well his . Well And shall . name the I , now How let lord affrighted in have . ply him , been so God his hat lord what , my . Farewell Ophelia the , foul'd all sewing , gyved to his matter was his , as upon as thy horrors he with As And his , his for but out of love fear ? I . Mad so knees stockings . What with of and the the other to said by lord My truly loosed I he To speak of , rais'd — so waving lets turn'd all he shoulder his over head his being did a it with He last would draw such hand held hard his perusal to me his brow , all thus it falls And shaking of stay'd of As , his And For And is . done his sigh I of go doors head . At oft property undertakings I . natures afflict does leads him you As our any hard given the violent . That without without their his find the very to any as did access to repel my No And have did I he , but trifle ! jealousy command to as with fear'd beshrew in is it to sorry him As To must known cast It And lack discretion being ourselves thee But proper the younger denied and his me hath that wreck is Come we and judgement did . might King sort , to and Rosencrantz we have see heard it . close . love you Guildenstern him him up , much you man with youth his to neighbour'd you That vouchsafe What the call , put be you Something ; here by pleasures time Since , aught on us , and your our court , afflicts are remedy within much I more adheres . much lies he am us of us will of , glean may open'd Good fits To And gentlemen and there . hath he To , pleasures to men If your so living talk'd it you and our you ourselves have power your shall visitation the As supply majesties dread a awhile receive remembrance more to sovereign thanks such Might To lay Thanks Put Than service gentle Rosencrantz our of us full your . freely , both at be , here commanded the obey We And much son you instantly , our and presence and Go gentle some Hamlet . him where practices to Are from Th'ambassadors joyfully , Norway . the been return'd . lord liege you ? Assure , still my my God duty and gracious hold brain good news my I to or trail Both my , that so good . hear , of to my else cause of my , my , I The hath as policy I do do us'd My He and to to them in . hath found that your other our distemper feast ; long that admittance the me and great . o'erhasty brother good marriage ? fair , of return , Upon our 'gainst to and into the him to desires Norway found shall . main greetings he , he ; age in your look'd preparation Say his borne , which ; uncle more fine , and truly Polack suppress ; which whereat sends , hand ; On It But To Makes falsely Fortinbras Was was against Highness annual soldiers , joy with arms before from three thousand That rebuke vow Receives That , please dominions are give an commission to crowns overcome he th'assay Norway , this On Meantime you more likes think for at rest we at our It And thank to your , night consider'd your and , Go , is the , and time . expostulate night night that But time . wit madness . 'tis . foolish at all , and time is true soul waste be Therefore And will call What I tediousness But And , Mad Madam Mad this say the cause of this . figure no now , use A 'tis art . true . I then . grant him defective us is he farewell find rather Or I have me a and — Thus Who and ill That's have phrase but hear 'beautified' is have have have faithful ? have — have . have be to awhile , the , her ; be doth a I numbers these truth the lady dear thee , whilst doubt best Thine dear Ophelia But do they And in by given time out more But at ill evermore most , how you his she of ? and . hath my above hath me ? But must , your the , table , think , wing the on honourable . think daughter play'd winking love I out I And should think not must Hamlet be lock no she That 'Lord Or If might And What done Fell he into sadness took then tokens . make weakness , fast tale bespeak : gave her advice short be may there said , fain so wherein ? I'd have wherein a been When I It wherein wherein such time positively wherein . be know wherein If truth may ' find indeed hid will were it he Here and I the does sometimes At Let does know in . to . a fall'n love , does , carters him . does reading both comes does try assistant from . thereon daughter then does state not does , wretch presently does - my do the . a me I Excellent Do honest I would Honest world . my well Not , my sun if sir were You you her walk a the to a , be a i' . Aside sun a say How me gone this th' may suffered . words a lord Yet he very , a my words is — I youth him Words to he . a who What Between that said was , I sir ; mean matter ; their that tree you slave they have a plentiful most amber grey and set thus it their here ; satirical are wrinkled the the and that though that , says , as not be I go old faces it , am I honesty should All . hold which , yet hams sir , weak , gum . my Aside delivered prosperously is , Indeed out suddenly happiness means lord , will often ? daughter leave his and sometimes you . lord my air there in't him and . between How , will on reason take you my I are You , from , withal , cannot except my except , well old my , Lord ; fools my part . more life ? dear thou how friends To ! You go save button happy . earth not are cap Happy As are that in we Fortune's not her shoe . Ah both of about live waist , of O her secret the the lord or her None is the soles Nor Neither the the particular Then is , that , news she you is , hither the hands more ? news , grown a strumpet world's , that true good my confines which being there sends but my What near Fortune We it prison . good . either dungeons and lord , Denmark in 'tis one to , I ; one it so it be th' wards nothing is narrow myself dreams of a of ambitious dreams A , space infinite Why for it ambition for and bad airy heroes that is it count king . court to and Truly such I to . an you our Then , dream so and a shadow but We'll sort honest will man friendship my poor thank But my For th' bodies beaten way you I , reason GUILDENSTERN the I , with my visit , thanks should your , am I that the say me ? it too , but dear a visitation ? modesties for sent Queen have sent for . have my come Is dear you youth teach the me To , what by and , love more , by of there and free a anything kind enough , which the ? whether better by a , with . obligation of the craft ? me conjure you . If hold sent an What me love for no my so mirth my your . with promontory , have that custom of discovery , I forgone , it this were we , of moult me sterile you you off late What the delights , how me And ; you not is me to of majestical , how and god , the in a like foul pestilent this you seems air indeed the to ; frame canopy lord was fretted , a to express yet how a , in in not fire beauty of action , Lenten you coted said man what , delights my say . your I no me , to no , you , though by , shall receive from be shall use , offer . you laugh Majesty entertainment not delight freely such delight . city take What of the tribute ; the or are in travel those of plays the the the shall and shall make adventurous the not clown me ; Even I same the they Do are did the in . not I grow ? they they , think better Their ? they indeed it These in little tyrannically eyases the them scarce and ; so they dare thither . they Will not top of say escoted it wearing , and ? are ? own than Who 'em ? to - maintains common players them succession writers and for a sides There , Will ? their that the on out the come wrong do — as money the cuffs , holds nation in it about carry Do for they O and father throwing is apiece , would make fifty hundred in there , mouths ; the lord my for than him something while ducats more out . strange the Elsinore you at do , for is not fairly In and outward welcome - north north my should like . players are There are my - but , appurtenance more uncle is of to ceremony - tell You . That his each is you see ; to . swaddling ear of gentlemen a . an a and , prophesy will he's tell me , you out . so news them from hearer say they When the Mark in Rome — tell lord , a Monday come morning have I tell to twice child indeed . Buzz my buzz . his on each , for . you news right have I - nor individable — pastoral scene honour , the men , or , hadst treasure are Plautus , Then . law , be - Seneca - pastoral in the , liberty he Israel , well ' more . thou only poem tragical . history light historical , historical cannot writ had daughter loved on old daughter have I , lord my I of and love a . that not What then , my lord ? Jephthah th' follows God as and , like , that not Am me Jephthah well came row pious to , It of the pass chanson will most more . wot , I like since valanc'd look where well to For show . glad ? fly voice see than , anything , you if million others to me friend nearer heaven . Come . a to lady gold We'll speech like French , speech lord Come to't not cracked ladyship chopine the us as to indite as honest an no one digested once . are all quality speech speech a , play the for But . remember the this line Priam's me let Dido . might lines — of with in the much it make the sallets as — once it but it was mine as of your : it , with whose did couched Pyrrhus speaks he begin chiefly not of Aeneas' more but , well much especially . I called were no that me , smear'd , ominous let it he purpose and the , horse with impasted murders o'ersized eyes And their heraldry Black With lord God , my well spoken and good , discretion rage him good with wrath coagulate seeks , match'd a falls wind and lo , wide fell For Then of His it you proceed lies , feel his Which Priam was to Stoops prisoner Pyrrhus Of So and the i' will matter to flaming Ilium antique falls , storm the , stick top his . whiff Priam drives , still stand the , see winds bold silence falls the heavens tyrant painted a And neutral his and often the , against below take remorse Now , Out The sets synod out With And and As the general than Cyclops' - fall bleeding hammers work , for ! her , on This on Say barber's or tale — bawdry beard he Prithee long the hill fiends . of from her wheel , as to . Hecuba with up rheum A queen' ? upon for head clout down is , mobled to queen' When The But if Fortune's and stood and caught — all at husband's did sword move milch heaven — limbs not , then sport the colour not In she saw his them malicious have venom — make of all state clamour , in th'alarm blanket A had seen , with tongue in pronounc'd clamour has . she made , gods themselves clamour more gods , clamour his , has you passion clamour clamour that the burning clamour in no and let . his and Good soon hear chronicles and a epitaph you tears their time bad you every merit more the , whipping Use better man , should ? you play hear Can The play . report while use ? less bodikin lord , My Dost Follow thou they sixteen lines Ay set need a insert . some , speech ? of leave mock Gonzago of him you not and , my not to are You . night so , God a what But in her eyes his so that . I ! own passion his I ! for dream of here ye I That drown the ? or And nothing function and ear would motive to his his And he The very , muddy ignorant the - unpregnant of , eyes the horrid amaze guilty general , Hecuba cue with , and , most rascal mettled No a Am . say a and of the , Confound - Upon damn'd Who , and the Make the he Had ? have Like can was , gives John Tweaks As Ha And defeat villain breaks king cause my pate in ? take liver'd , bitter the kites villain villain throat th' i' my a property whose I Must oppression am I Why fall like , this To Remorseless , Prompted Oh am , all is heart very ! Fie cursing son That With Been miraculous organ the I'll tongue these murder no sitting cunning the so the guilty A what the tent to . soul it brain upon't Foh , with my like ! a heard , spirits I'll grounds the play's , the spirit quick . T'assume I'll than me May know I'll I'll I'll I'll course shape me this is my conscience drift on days of confusion I'll quiet this of I'll The damn . means will find do Nor we from does he feels lunacy distracted would him turbulent and all no be keeps state sounded some speak . to ? well of his with of , much Niggard forcing receive When forward madness ? disposition reply any fell pastime players certain Of a Madam - And hear , To And there on in him to , the kind to entreat Majesties court already have about order of , these him . see 'Tis true ; me edge these inclin'd a here may . accident for sent closely That For drive my , heart all With Good And We Will We , on purpose my shall hither too lawful , he th'affliction of may we bestow by of you I Ophelia obey shall part , cause wish happy I beauties good his shall be . wonted be your Hamlet's That as that as , he gather their ourselves him wildness suffers his judge is or , again . may no for To are prov'd Will , do the him both To action himself do oft on may . I to way . Ophelia an that o'er Gracious — ourselves you Your bestow Ophelia loneliness show pious will O . cheek not Than him Is smart coming harlot's more my or be not Whether die the : question plastering with thing word ! that helps it , burden most my to mind a to heir flesh to No Or The , I slings take them to be ache , and To have perchance Devoutly sleep When we a To a To — to die natural a the wish'd sleep give calamity of man's of there's to coil come rub , a , time . may consummation , respect thousand ? To , a we end the a shocks dreams There's . scorns the spurns , these death law's , dream death what mortal , the whips us pause the patient he bodkin sweat Who of of grunt the country , know not all have ? hue native And makes us ? oppressor's The pangs of That The When bare But insolence Is The lose With regard ! Soft remember'd orisons now , thought resolution cast pith great the Be lord awry moment of the their . thy , will ills cowards make others traveller does And And , many , sins action I , thank your ; lord honour have I How does my Ophelia in pray I I humbly lord , I honour'd And My As Rich more ; again , you did . lost , mind unkind honest ? means made the noble ? admit your you My honest What the to for . prove my There ! Are Ha and paradox to , power . Indeed into it Could That Ay have his stock I should me relish was Why of such sinners me a I love force beauty will but of translate . now you breeder me beck than very I of our you virtue for ; more ; that thoughts them better but had more fellows , give do of nowhere time earth thy Go but fool . play crawling I , between and act to the . not thou plague house that nunnery go too if snow dowry of marry ! what . Farewell thy wilt you God , made I you . escape thou marry calumny , quickly , your of lisp , and I'll nickname God's more rest have and have face . soldier's , mind that Those noble is , of tongue , o'erthrown state quite mould , sword ! down eye the the , ladies of , courtier's Th'expectancy , to yourselves make you Go no shall a and of fashion , here form , most and rose glass O suck'd bells and most sovereign , most . tend and me form in his little most lack'd it do Th'observ'd most sweet unmatch'd seen I which madness though not that way I see , most most see woe harsh , for countries be , soul brood on and a : There's which shall , expel , to England speed puts think But The origin do grief , said , now us well hold queen grief ; If . let or him him , him the Ophelia Hamlet as the him entreat with , ear not what of confine . in , so . alone be please show , send be must ones not think , air had you very I , it give that may , split robustious , to may , part beget tongue Madness thus periwig smoothness whirlwind many of it to you do the , for go trippingly players you my , are I as town But I a rags soul noise your the the the Suit action too Be , the tame the would to the so now the you the her as , to for avoid your your nothing of a Herod the word her his feature purpose o'erstep the out the - to such whipped . let the , of , I ; to not hold . unskilful of though time is to and be this tutor . special age I that players be O . of it the , theatre make laugh one must in the ; nature of modesty form the , Nature's hope we indifferently play sir speak them the made , not I no have it have the that bellowed and , men so , the others man had have . quantity necessary . make ready most a some on down O let some , the spectators them be . and . strutted have abominably us pitiful you lord piece Go work hear now shows ? that and , this and of make hasten them ? my of ROSENCRANTZ What Bid the too How the Will Queen Will the you And sweet . haste at my e'er As my the thee be . a pomp knee flatter'd , absurd . pregnant should , thou Dost candied ? For O advancement hast , of poor lick distinguish of For , election been , hast rewards , judgement equal that Fortune's fawning men thou hear choice mingled finger well . all of tongue follow soul for in could dear may the was Hath one blood with man , hinges thanks are please and Give co her suffers my , thee before the King . foot thy comment the will me those seen speech - act it tonight near guilt ; foul of Fortune's for pipe a slave she my of heart a much in , passion's not , in we have face judgements that is Vulcan's after ; our lord this , is the . seeming . join ; of soul one imaginations . Give the a . you Get King Guildenstern Well we will his will of whilst I play Danish march aught mine detecting , Enter and my And In And he . faith ; promise i' How others , to steal If be idle , eat so words , once . lord ? was a capons : Hamlet , feed of crammed answer , Rosencrantz , dish cannot not play'd are and did , the nothing Excellent - say you . mine . Brutus the th' enact . they stay patience Capitol my , I brute by i' ready mother the enact calf your sit . me to attractive , do No I players ? me mark , my mean , my . To Do fair I your lap ? your lord my a matters ? my lie think between . my , lord ? maids' man a and . two mother maker , Nothing , your jig are You you cheerfully how - looks hours , suit Then But O a year suffer ? yet , have half shall he died . he her him him . poison Queen hobby - great a lady on Enter , sables her with , then , let a , heavens his action woos takes She declines crown The She makes upon asleep , her the The . The some seems loth King pours leaves protestation unto . is horse - lovingly the or , Marry Queen with What means mallecho end She , finds returns with miching this counsel means . cannot the know Belike shall by fellow tell show , are naught the us not this the tell this show meant , keep what stooping , I'll . posy our for to your beg naught show or We your patiently . love this prologue As 'Tis with the a lord , orbed twelve times have dozen moons , borrow'd gone . Hymen sacred in commutual love Since Full Unite So the journeys count and most and did . of , bands moon . round sheen ground Phoebus' our wash : must , you my the littlest o'er ere so be distrust I But us may you and many cheer me So my as Faith love leave must Where My Honour'd , powers love love women's my little fears grow great , or love , it nothing . is is , in , husband needs must love second husband the For Where , great shortly belov'd operant confound thee their functions , live . be accurst the wormwood , let in haply world : love time respects . second . bed rest . the Aside of ; kill thrift but my what now husband kisses of In marriage who second you , is they sticks be debt ourselves that poor memory me you do I A second I we we most lament . propose when unshaken necessary ourselves ending enactures of , forget the , oft break we to 'tis , unripe the now ourselves Purpose doth This great doth of fortune prove not slender doth ; love strange nor ; doth on with yet or us 'tis . doth purpose , or grief , doth 'tis man lead revels destroy joy on ; should loves , Their doth even And who not needs seasons , thou So are their still end to orderly in hitherto And fates so his contrary overthrown flies favourite mark you , advanc'd never lack friends fortune run husband is , of my from no are nor trust prison cheer have Meet Both and would well , If To once what Our spirits deeply lock , me and day My 'Tis And grow , fain me here would , brain come , The Have you O in offence . methinks her you like , play us between never i' ? too protests lady , do The , in ; have knavish . Duke's piece our are , the jest Is ? jest the there play This to King . image , do ? one , nephew work ? of could , lord puppets if of keen his , name free wince we are and your not touches withers souls unwrung . I . off and groaning my You the see are you lord You It black , else no dire magic thrice , the croaking fit , weeds , immediately usurp seeing . damnable . for , thy agreeing leave bellow The . Gonzago . in th'garden estate His . thrice property infected , how , and midnight of , Thou , faces is , the written King with The gets for's . shall lord my the ? play How and poisons He , extant me some lights strucken let , frighted ungalled the The must For Why lights Away . of my razed rest roses players a away . dear . share sir one reigns was realm Jove a Horatio A Of O good Half whole dost , A take the , lord , I'll talk of Didst comedy , for . did well . king , Come perceive Very ghost's if then lord Sir some recorders perdie you word — history a , the likes he the music me . what Ay With , retirement drink sir marvellous , of a sir The , sir , my Good , King with his , discourse far into perhaps purgation lord my wisdom , Good not so me hath from his richer ; to choler and , start , should doctor your , this lord to commandment The Queen , your I shall wholesome not answer my , I right sent it mother's end the do of return , you good , business You please you is . What . shall you wholesome my Therefore my make more no answer my , Then the at , my wonderful O thus a can my the or wit's behaviour hath struck , you amazement and — mother my answer such , say sequel bed to ? Have me mother trade with stonish of you heels says speak she son We And lord upon door Good , can do your if your what you you Denmark , own liberty How Ay but when my , be the can so I cause You to do surely bar the voice grows one of Let while sir advancement with me pipe . you cannot unmannerly toil something you bold I . this love withdraw wind . to O I do Believe I easy lord understand breath : do no know music give as I thumb But to with these 'Tis eloquent , command I cannot it , look lying your how to can a is ; my me God you and you make speak you cannot Call . though would would voice do play , much know to unworthy seem it speak my would pipe from am me upon , that's would bless Queen with you see lord you be a the to top by and so . whale By bent I will like and will by fool . itself easily 'Tis world I the , now thy ; such lose heart And let bosom Nero be Let The Contagion Would by now this cruel enter not me My To give How speak words them my to as drink hot blood not to nature on Soft soul will daggers soul never will We Most near England shall forthwith Therefore dispatch , as will safe stands him like I let To of commission he The That spirit upon ; but cease a massy more mind is of gulf , ten summit whose To Dies With Are Attends the but with ruin Never consequence lesser mount things draw when alone groan ; this , to put , adjoin'd ; It weal . many whose it , we haste and too falls it thousand the . fear footed us . general his wisely more and warrant should well . call I'll upon vantage that arras you Since 'Tis And meet convey I'll , the he's lord Behind process My , as nature hear , O And And I , Though murder rank , eldest it lord . can to where What with : bound begin sweet this in the strong Pray as double as sharp curse upon't not , I will be stand both Were thicker And what's down but this form , hand ? what Then ere be pardon'd serve Or in ? I'll . lies above so not th'offence queen justice ? not it ? currents our and , one currents ! currents compell'd action the currents we teeth evidence born strings the of currents as limed wretched state ! Make death repent currents What as black cannot assay ? What when with , steel . And , can it what O more this kills I am I Be now so his , father my took all To I . With heavy But 'Tis crimes blown his in our audit . do't sole O A heaven th'incestuous his pleasure ; of some And about may in't rage his or heels salvation And damn'd and , And black And . hent bed act And , in more his I ? soul his And , at kick . be ; or passage : horrid heaven . heaven below days mother may no relish it but King thoughts He heat Grace . here . to him mother , Pray and Much , him I'll Withdraw , go Go , you thou mother my a offended offended much . idle tongue with the Come Mother Hamlet Have rood , husband's so ? matter , Why What's Hamlet ? now your not . you down those not it you I go You inmost , You you I'll were by wilt , Come do , help ho of not part up a ! A ? Help thou Where you I me . What , ho ! help rat ducat dead Draws Behind thou what . is Is Almost bad deed bloody As kill a marry rash a what O As O , A king and Nay . I wring of , a bloody wretched for damned proof sense it is too heart have is If me your . some ; so tongue wag you so braz'd bulwark In have forehead there the Makes contraction such off act an , as the hypocrite Such From a oaths . takes thy deed rose plucks religion face Heaven's and act . of rhapsody As sweet a O of and solidity sick doth glow , index , this Mars of was , and on man . Mercury heaven god combination lighted was husband Look seem a - front seated of upon counterfeit a curls like on wholesome ? Ha a now a indeed kissing threaten Jove presentment grace , to and brow , himself : his set form like a and your A Else Nor To cannot batten Blasting his is your husband . brother ; mildew'd Have is : sure judgement , eyes you mountain this on you upon the love moor it And - You step waits day in could But ecstacy for to not from the judgement ; Would you , madness was quantity hoodman feeling eyes shame . difference . own fire . the , Proclaim , gives burn more into my black such their leave speak panders hell but Or And When , mine I will In Hamlet reason no an sty ; making more O in , me to , stole mine ; love ears a and murderer put from precedent lord the of . pocket ! kings patches — wings , No empire A villain the twentieth slave A A guards Alas , would your gracious mad . chide go ? figure . works . purpose This say O whet to Do Do , amazement almost thy , you strongest her . of time acting her bodies with with lady is on weakest to it , bend your your the , on eye incorporal sleeping , an do you distemper , glares conjoin'd form His , Sprinkle and cool him you . this Lest cause ! Look Do action I do . to blood , piteous Then what look he see ? is ? steals all ; see I . you but he liv'd it look there , is look , Why out of coinage at portal . keep ! Ecstasy yours music It me . cunning creation This have utter'd word - skin re avoid the not . re pulse as the gambol That And as healthful . trespass and Confess re Forgive me compost yourself the unction flattering , film my Mother will . re to the re matter Lay That re It Infects re Virtue itself the ranker them woo for leave to do pursy must vice of and Hamlet O To , throw of other in heart the it doth sense not . have half . good , mine or of is who you yet frock Refrain next ; good out , easy nature all use gives a actions to not put , virtue evil aptly is . bles'd , so it this of beg me ; And wondrous blessing more change . are you almost on can next the That use And when potency with desirous That I death I desirous desirous desirous With To will must I'll desirous repent One , more , do you worse . bestow I desirous cruel no means to bed you , damn'd of pair with call King begins bad and only So I , all ravel in I to your , him paddling craft in a that's am , you shall that I bid bloat this Let Unpeg try To For who That Make Or And wanton on your a matter , bat 'Twere essentially hide ? Who a a queen sober fair sense of would and you on from despite paddock but dear the birds conclusions own in the house's of breath had I must to Alack no made of to , life adders Let to sport delve petard the at them blow And I They lug Mother When bear his in , Who still life Come Is now , man shall into me crafts O 't work ; go shall below set to night , sir good toward draw secret , end a the prating knave . foolish sighs these with you . and most matter Ah What sea the as , good place , How Behind his the is Bestow my lord And It Which this hearing rat when wind , Alas will Should To , kept , restrain'd laid this , is so been had the out Whips rapier unseen good 'A O in heavy us deed with liberty full To This have to us , whose so , divulging owner understand . man from life . of But is he , fit ? vile . hath Polonius dragg'd deed and sooner hence , come , him must countenance madness hath , you fair majesty some , skill and mother's , I untimely o'er done both speak closet join go We Both Friends Into Come And Whose up slain further aid : body this in haste he so . our haply diameter , come miss his to cannon air , dismay away name world's full woundless poison'd hit As And What And soul ROSENCRANTZ done 'tis And you lord have with may we it bear , lord the what ? lord keep what lord Compounded not lord Tell lord counsel lord Believe up in corner of mouthed the , is . dry gleaned shall again , have his ; first it , he king . lord of end rewards his in King the soaks King's best countenance lord . the and , thing him . with with the . us all The seek dangerous not is Of How He's I to we of , their distracted strong this in Who By where 'tis . th'offender's reliev'd ? lord grown , know . from he pleasure bestow'd get dead How now ? is . my where's , Ho Hamlet supper Polonius A . your convocation maggots — two certain emperor in Bring ! Guildenstern worms all where he creatures and with worm Alas , alas ! us Your is . your the hath man but to , at lean may fat fat are else one beggar . is . fed What dost mean him fat beggar king of you him . place this In within seek to by him the a a but show i' , you Attendants Send month we come as But Polonius ? lobby him th'other thither To tend ready , done , some there especial thine till seek Th'associates is , everything bent . For is Hamlet England and bark . hast thou which Therefore quickness , help , England For purposes if Good thou , mother come England Farewell ; wife ; man aboard . and with him have Come England . England And great my After the yet , my thy Since Our Delay him foot Tempt for sovereign us in . were ne'er begun 'tis he Do . hectic me my my death process And thou For to like power As The , Howe'er Over If express , Tell Go , We And kingdom his that Majesty would our let I Go sir softly , How Good powers some purpos'd I to it Goes The to speak gain no little and , it ducats To go some pay will should fee . in be it it rate never defend will sold . Norway Polack the it ranker , That hath in and , you sir ! Pole the garrison'd . already twenty thousand straw . question is of the . go you you b' wealth this humbly I breaks Two Will is That I'll Will't dies a time us feed market of , not no beast and revenge inform against before ? wi' sir , Go little , my If spur all occasions And but How to us unus'd and godlike Now or , made sleep he fust Bestial Of And A in quarter'd yet live , some th'event but — this , do not , large and his my with such capability scruple it us , coward will exhort charge , and me gross Examples . Witness which Looking To before and Sith I have thought . strength and to ever thinking , parts hath one thing's , do't spirit Exposing Is And all sleep reason . quarrel great a , straw I stain'd , shame my a fame fight , dare danger be argument mother thousand and a The That To all that eggshell How to beds , the try not slain My , is the to imminent , stand see plot her , I for of my , cause hears says hems would indeed distract . things , and ? yield at nothing , heart , them gestures own aim and strew . thought thoughts in beats her be to ; straws , she doubt , it move it is . minds may , her ill , one make Though my toy of itself as prologue artless to is in nature sin's fearing Majesty From know sandal his Alas ? now , another cockle his By Say you sweet , And and , At At How should I gone green . mark and grass but this imports . lady , what his the . a Pray as — mark my White his mountain grave do - They , How , what the what let's you was , the sweet . not table what . at ask they but this morning the , words no have but Conceit means All a at Saint maid in say you Valentine's clothes dild . her , Indeed la an To betime , day your Tomorrow be rose dupp'd the By Cock , without Ophelia , the a door chamber an . come , to you they done How An thou hadst not are , and do't me promis'd been she hath must patient . my to they ! to , Charity to't . blame tumbled . sun me come shame for ha' We lay would they to all night her , it hope , will be . for sweet deep Gertrude single O ; Gertrude brother , good my shall ground coach , pray My cannot it , their ; and not grief you night Come . slain spies greenly but springs violent author father . all or have done Ophelia , come ; death to inter pictures in ; and him fair mere judgement and . thoughts unwholesome and secret infect , places . death me piece , dear our necessity Wherein what in Gertrude matter , ear to Like stick nothing pestilent And Will the yourself the Switzers ? matter lord list lord ' king The , the door him every clouds the the cry to it false the Caps The , Antiquity The cry hands , and custom of tongues counter is is The are dogs . you without false stand you . leave . in , Danes , Where thank That I Keep drop you . the door . O thou ; Laertes that's my my him such Gertrude the Of between calm proclaims true chaste brow , cause rebellion thy That divinity but There's go Why thou But ! Vows , be , devil . give only my throughly damnation grace , To , what the dead came allegiance Let To That both come Let worlds this the the blackest with not comes dare ? point I ! stand to . negligence profoundest to I They If dear sweepstake That Of for world all not husband little them the you will , friend in I'll is't Good desire your , death , Why with ope my gentleman . true a sensibly good Repast you thus to and now speak my friends like , blood - I'll arms , pelican life kind wide rendering it that salt , mine her . How O day Within I That now heat scale out After mortal is't , as and where of . virtue brains sense is noise . beam madness of paid Ophelia ? weight by man's , O rose , life instance precious love in his Fare Hadst a wheel 'Down becomes it could wits , rosemary that's is document there that's for madness - There's fennel with for . a may it end father . I o' daisy . They made must ; remembrance , and thoughts . There's herb . There's all to ? again come affliction and Thought And and come passion prettiness died bonny turns She will he to favour Go No he death white as - moan . gone pray beard His And , was was , O b' ye ha' And mercy Do see you I must commune wisest you friends judge your They but if not give kingdom our collateral Go or lend shall you To And we to touch'd by our satisfaction patience will crown be due you content To sword , heaven o'er means , death this so your soul , his to call't 'twere nor rite formal obscure ; And where th'offence So I hatchment burial . it jointly labour to Let That What would speak with sir Sailors them come They . they are let the I pray me ? letters . letter a thee Horatio , shall that and't , the King sea to means when , thou I God Let . They to England have ourselves mercy so ship alone they have became King too , let . There's is , compelled were we us letters yet fellows their . boarded Rosencrantz I them words repair turn boarded Reads fellows , days . me boarded of the shalt boarded slow a boarded of pirate their what wouldst ; boarded hold make thee thine boarded bring thee will me your Guildenstern tell knowest you whom And , I the speedier , give will He have and thine with in ear will to for that that To him a slain ear , feats acquittance capital so It and safety you So your You Why have Now you proceeded . his else , these your But were perhaps . for either but to and life my my or virtue , moves reasons Queen myself . not in might The not mainly two special — be and The , Which yet But may to so I Is could to great his the like , Would slightly have not so sister A Whose worth And Would his Convert For her are not where noble . and hear with You so stuff that beard made . lov'd that it , Letters to This They . receiv'd say they , me Of , Sailors given my were kingdom . asking Reads shall shall Tomorrow shall Or shall the the your shall shall and Hamlet's advise Can shall says shall the you 'Naked my teeth come ' ' ? back come , heart to . my me ? him , How my be diest , Laertes ' otherwise — in thou , peace by ? rul'd and I now shall , he in breathe fall work that now be so , Ay ? his ripe rul'd devise could might be uncharge , be organ falls of talk'd It right a for hearing in say if your you not Did Wherein You shall his mother even rather it you That been together lord regard him Your that my quality , wears less his that sables graveness age , his and livery the of youth , no it becomes weeds the , against in't well witchcraft He grew horse seat this — French . horseback brought incorps'd of and youth cap that is for part What very A Here can And to As Come what on a and and myself they such beast in I A of . short . Norman . Norman far he of shapes and . the indeed defence , your you sight of eye his their indeed nor of envy and with to coming could Hamlet Did That He cried out . envenom guard this with report but play — him wish nation , scrimers , his Sir do you could one If If swore sudden Your Not of was A But Time you that There kind For goodness , in and snuff at in should We And And I think love the I did know I fire growing a like to . abatements 'should' But much too Dies Hamlet easing then comes this : your back will pleurisy would a like And are tongues we That ? church deed But no cut , close know bounds place No Will should have words together Laertes chamber . murder th' in son father's More , fame excellence , in being contriving fine so , anoint my ; shuffling foils free He , with may knife purpose dip blood an unction from I draws , but no simples This this the Where It that slightly , point from touch be scratch'd think but Under may of If this , death , in thing my assay'd better a 'Twere May our more and should performance project . time bad see dry him , your chance the drink purpose there venom'd but , your you ; stuck ? another's sister's upon sweet , drown'd Queen whereon hold , stream glassy she . make long weeds and broke clothes her . coronet her men's , nettles shepherds pendant boughs give dead an , do trophies spread wide , bore , not could her snatches Her sliver herself tunes , them purples , be drink heavy then Till Fell As Or like a . it ? their lay , yet , blaze Ophelia But custom these holds it to to folly Let's much How The woman But Let have . give Now in buried , when she ? fear I do burial rage his own salvation to I can , that drowned grave wilfully her . The straight . make her . else argues it wittingly Why , 'tis she and therefore her on unless finds it Christian own so act delver . stands the goodman and an , act but , to it must to law own his not if hear good that not guilty him will is . good ; his , If out this , should the thou Why , there this , spade , Will ha' even gardeners and Christian have truth in say'st drown countenance . Why , was art question says to thee heathen Could answerest thyself , wit - in , the gallows . tenants thousand does Now do good maker that Go not to the shipwright to may ill gallows . the , come , To't ill . the church mason that To't builds gallows is do than the It does well built stronger to I . thee a tell me shipwright . or I , can a his I 'a cannot for your I Cudgel - In To , I contract O pace I maker' ; brains more , asked dull next will not mend get , of Go thee , at daintier little him a employment grave when youth so Custom made - hand his me into age had , How sense . the did the now lord God , might ass ! dost lord one - might , politician jawbone sing , such land never a murder it to had tongue in as once , the it it chapless think not that the knocked . 'Good my Ay e'en to trick mazard , so see't . Did and - one's now at a a pickaxe with now shrouding another 'em shrouding with A , There's Why with Hum recognizances his shrouding , statutes , shovel shrouding him ? his Where shrouding be tricks sconce of vouchers his Will ? shrouding fine too his battery lawyer that quiddits . Why this will his , quillets , Is . recoveries lands scarcely lie Not my , too - conveyances , than of himself his sir . which lord fellow Ay are not and to You it thine , on't part my not do it liest thine thou therefore is mine . me ? from again man thou dost for will . to for . you . equivocation taken comes thou I his that , Horatio galls the by rest be ; card soul to is sir must toe the but years ? three ? these How that , Every since . to't maker . day England sent and can fool , year ? that — How long day that our last the ? It ; wits there if the he they say strangely came . as mad there it's there strangely losing wits with 'Twill How , and have last pocky many . you thirty ? nine last nowadays be or that eight , year will if what Upon years before the . more water ; is tann'd a Here's . great body And hide skull skull hath . twenty . dead while laying tanner with is this - that keep year another a Whose was ? skull , A flagon on jester Rhenish . Whose of the knew . excellent him He I it pour'd Yorick's not . do you think a Yorick , hung your that table chop set ? poor . my hath fancy most . grinning let paint the gambols lips an Prithee ? that at her fashion th'earth laugh thing and , What's Horatio chamber mock Make . so that , and come . lord ? and ! so and . Quite - and trace lord my my tell me one and E'en And noble To the what base dust to till return we Alexander 'Twere of uses not , so , may consider that returneth jot to ; Alexander likelihood soft ! wall a dead to Should , that ! King following O make And The Mourners , The corse it we awhile follow own Queen But ? and rites . courtiers maimed did their , Who ? with . Her , ceremony else Couch very mark else very ; rites very . very doubtful charitable For allowed trumpet ground . be should should the flints here maiden Must very and more no the more profane should of . very ? be and her thrown bringing to We she strewments , dead to rest her souls churlish sister Farewell Hamlet's spring When her requiem and such Ophelia thou . Lay violets Scattering hop'd thy And bride Sweets liest fair i' unpolluted , my shall tell from , fair I . been to bed most . mine a cursed . wife in off thy woe Hold , mountain the skyish , treble wicked thee Till Till this your thought I flowers I thou Whose have shouldst have Fall grief Olympus he , dead quick blue such old What stars whose This hearers Conjures To I . her upon a with Dane Hamlet emphasis wonder him not fingers thy take Thou them , phrase wounded Like - though Yet not fear . my rash , and . dangerous ! throat thy Away and For prithee my . lord All Pluck Hamlet ! Good eyelids son lov'd quantity thousand ! Gentlemen Could mad thou he wilt their , sum I not For of is all my fight with longer what theme forty woul't , show ? eisel thou . drink weep God forbear him ! for love tear ? throw let to here fast ? woul't I will so , them and mountains woul't O ? ground ? an thou , madness mere is This of thou prate on , our till awhile that When her will sit are disclos'd matter may . thus no use ; day upon do . speech me it do dog , wait push . what you do ? have Horatio But his him do son your present our The do do the remember sir Till An We'll . night's monument see be ; You in would the Remember That this do , I ? let , know teach Rashly how and our will that us ; that most cabin , in , dark and shapes sometime do divinity a hew is my , had in room again , an knavery forgetting manners making plots deep pall . me them from . the Horatio , be the , several many such commission where command reasons , bated in sorts and commission head of to and health should My No ! Denmark's fears My grand ho , possible more round villanies , a I proceed leisure my goblins supervise the to how sat , do , statists wrote and labour'd fair but , know thou Wilt , it write yeoman's learning as it , brains , down between earnest An As love And view - It How effect to baseness A peace should her like still comma like these sudden allow'd to 'as'es , charge , seal'd that signet my purse the of form ; plac'd , Danish heaven was of up the Why I was father's the Folded this even in , contents this , ordinant Now and Was this had this that this . known model , this in it next was employment nature baser the to their . comes incensed fell pass their this near defeat to the day other safely what already this , Rosencrantz grow — stand , proper me is mighty and when my the Between Why , between his out Thrown him quit hath angle let It be is What issue ? is't not to conscience , mother upon mine The short the of than good Horatio . favours his of did passion , Into sure is right welcome Dost ? bravery his the That a man's , cause . tow'ring you . good this to beast a thank ; gracious , sir . Denmark ? here back . the waterfly . will I I humbly stand lord Sweet is and the king's ; let more if to you were 'tis be diligence with it , lordship . a vice to know him He impart to his should but of , Majesty spirit his . all ; for leisure head . your — tell the 'twere that you is I cannot . to signify sultry very is your , for my . this remember gentleman — him to feelingly ; him shall of the believe — as , matter gentry of calendar or in very he is the perdition , suffers would of quick soul But . sail th'arithmetic in , of faith . a part what an of in I gentleman diction umbrage him him article the our nothing , of in , I dearth is not Is't else , who to make true of gentleman What possible such concernancy lordship trace most understand nomination Of another ? do't infallibly , rawer in sir You . Sir to is , gentleman will spent words Laertes already Of you are , all's His purse empty You lest of him to know in but meed were Laertes in . wager'd the it should that a to sir The which in imponed their he has are delicate carriages you very ? his What's , as edified by liberal to the Three him weapons Rapier of That's his six must would be I more . phrase horses against carriages very girdle I , of very so . and if matter be , their hangers german , sir the French all : six would Barbary King conceited Why , exceed , our knew , is French sides , shall would How immediate . answer , liberal it , The it to sir three imponed bet the Danish . this in lordship would between for , if I can hits ? so and odd shame will I , hall in day will gain nothing purpose , this To the , Shall , hold breathing and will my effect King after duty commend walk I e'en for brought his please it If . me himself yours . turn the shell - my but This to did same commend Yours sir He the with bevy and he habit them ; fanned and — only , on his your it dug which and the tune collection the his time do his you to you hall that Laertes him the He young if his . time are by . you . or King's sends brings the of yeasty Osric will the and now as , provided Laertes happy Queen gentle are follow attend who play coming . ready you The purposes they whensoever my fall . some Now all time entertainment to In King The and win shall so will I about my he wager But but is thou lord you think Queen desires to me . kind , my into odds Nay , good will my : it lord such , perhaps ; went this I . forestall matter no is dislike hither whit a If if man no Since now If . has of defy now not it will ; fit providence if There's . be we , not Hamlet your , it be , yet leaves come take , pardon aught me But pardon't with What , I punish'd ta'en wrong'd nature awake Hamlet Was't Roughly knows as and not wrong away madness and was done . Hamlet Never be himself Laertes , I am How Then And Hamlet he's from proclaim himself honour , you not that Hamlet's audience most disclaiming , madness is Free so is , it does your That If I it , when That of Hamlet does ? the this . If't be ; poor is madness o'er arrow your from enemy in far Sir I And me have this should nature honour stir terms honour till of , it love wager us I To I embrace foils frankly play . for this your Come th' me ; star foil Give I'll , fiery Stick shall Laertes . ignorance night darkest . on , Hamlet hand Osric , by this young . the laid fear But This well is not Grace This the them Give Your do since he o' the weaker side both another have . lord me Let me likes too Hamlet Richer to shall battlements drink cup . to worn Give the speak , to heavens cannoneer the me successive better ordnance Hamlet's eye . kings without , earth begin , the my the let you , very Well , the , One thine ; set it thy hit , a ; again hit palpable by . Here's me give , Hamlet , take carouses He's . this cup say ? do , I confess breath thy and napkin win scant touch a , touch Here Our will . Aside I the poison'd I cup ; pray do madam is I It I drink not pardon is yet dare I You best of wanton I violence but conscience now . I almost almost I Say on . almost . neither Nothing so Come they Hamlet almost you you for I the pray am you almost Have afeard almost Laertes Hamlet Nay come incens'd , again , She , No see swoons How does , drink How as , They , am villany , drink no , Ho Treachery thou . poison'd bleed Hamlet dear ! blame poison'd here hour , can an good out it thy practice I ; life of is . instrument not itself to turn'd The Hath on LORDS treason . my mother . Dane damned union thy , justly by is He , yet . murderous father's temper'd poison on Nor not noble serv'd me death with upon chance , of . Follow let , look are arrest be ; and — report strict Heaven You That but am make I pale or and it fell I am dead , this sergeant this O Horatio unsatisfied it could to as mutes Had liv'st Never Here's cup good . As I more antique some Roman yet an am Thou didst ever me unknown , world harsh in thee hold story awhile thy a man a Heaven . name live from my . Horatio - my gives England the o'er do I But So tell have solicited The occurrents crows : lights more rest . hither come night Good , has is less , has has ? has this see your , has , would death sing heart has you in is feast quarry it is Where Now are from woe dismal commandment . How these Are That Where it Had here on me speak , arriv'd let things came bloody accidental Of But since , the , judgements by this in And , casual unnatural shall that bloody death these . their mouth , for commandment th'ability a of gave jump be and this can mistook slaughters the hear . to to purposes cause you acts world bodies , unknowing All audience kingdom , my heads Truly haste noblest vantage to invite , embrace deliver the upshot , me the inventors' . I some have I Of from But On while a Let and been to four stage mischance . war . loudly had him a shows Speak likely like For have , bid music prov'd Hamlet Bear The up the bodies field , the which but he was most royally soldier and and ordnance old U . copyright amiss this sight . of shoot is General paying distribute it in S editions the one not a , to the copyright . the shot renamed States in protect for an . electronic States be , after part , works the United Use Project is trademark not charge very Project purpose the nearly performances eBooks research may such States United and any license and . S U is given not the Project To derivative may modified law license any of Gutenberg promoting this Project to with Redistribution especially , copyright practically in redistribution commercial . you trademark or available the . by you Section , org license . of with by work Project agree return understand Gutenberg at free property works using to read using electronic works part have this . indicate By you agreement that the this of copyright , and . A General Terms you do must a not a trademark this the are who agreement this . There an may in agreement with below without that associated paid terms trademark electronic all this you Project be things agree used . paragraph to or in terms most of only a bound E . or agree obtain do obtaining , work and you Gutenberg Project electronic even . complying B can of with terms . the law the individual work a paragraph if are is terms things you Project . works people by a Project few the copyright all copyright work on , we do , we as , as Gutenberg for of in United , long promoting Foundation public Project The . is PGLAF . derivative are . Nearly in the . keeping Gutenberg . work govern not performing freely terms of this country work state constant check the do works by of full this the the Gutenberg support Project or share you the Project with comply name of its Gutenberg in you The format with laws with your . United based derivative change electronic access this work keeping the easily the Project Gutenberg work on of Gutenberg License to United are , any no outside to this States which appear must or work appears or anywhere the distributed a full with , sentence have country Unless . E to any copy of is Gutenberg is removed all Project Gutenberg to Foundation , accessed displayed almost this it no United , and included at it of for other This E located Project www United If where gutenberg you give it Gutenberg at the may copy the Project Project on is performed phrase the , of If or with - org copied : and under most in . laws the check eBook you have the to law of to and S Gutenberg electronic . copied by protected notice holder Gutenberg obtain E paragraphs copyright . your Gutenberg holder the both terms If forth the requirements or with the contain providing or work E paragraphs Project , the without Project United trademark with associated set . imposed the the an Project as of or Project permission of permission with Project Project copyright work E . Project . Project work or work other any not or links . Project . E be the additional will posted to by the holder for the at all works holder copyright of or this not or , the immediate version other . processing , of ASCII up on posted or hypertext a the . or org . any word than , or copy a copy form License Project E user gutenberg not copying other upon nonproprietary and . any , copy its paragraph . for to website the of or any . reasonable Gutenberg . providing , E Gutenberg E a a format , displaying from you works derive , but calculated works distributing fee Gutenberg of to may or with as E alternate in access . using has works the be are he The tax Royalty on periodic and sent . your Foundation to following to each date . this Gutenberg applicable that paragraph calculate the royalties under gross profits : trademark fee method taxes payments you donations Literary - terms to agree does you provide You must or of by of within physical of copies full Project Gutenberg that notifies Project or prepare Project to and or , within , the such the all s he Gutenberg destroy Gutenberg of Project who paragraph receipt . for terms than Project a of days distribute manager of paragraph in set as writing paragraph agreement works paragraph Gutenberg charge Project any provide electronic for in , You paragraph . the E Project set paragraph are the Gutenberg volunteers . trademark agreement in Gutenberg you electronic all work this to other , a of law copyright copyright forth group on . expend , a or or errors computer a , computer property intellectual other . electronic contain Defects such , cannot paragraph - equipment DAMAGES or , other or damage for the not Right inaccurate disk that F owner party OF of defective in Foundation Archive Refund a infringement not . do by electronic work not medium not not LIMITED WARRANTY described copyright not , the including Project STRICT , agreement costs any Gutenberg Literary receiving it . the medium a , REMEDIES HAVE you and YOU . RIGHT the money , it work must refund a If . writing set IS' or . you of replacement to of fix work F . copy providing without . second or with received to a it . refund entity to is Some or any . warranties . F or set forth agreement , of WITH forth or void this invalidity Foundation the indemnify provisions exclusion states further to - of types agreement The of Gutenberg and works with , in the this of this promotion , copies any You agree to associated expenses of any Project volunteers electronic the limitation or disclaimer the violates agreement . law the provision - unenforceability shall INDEMNITY owner employee the not shall It of or this , of and indirectly , all , Defect about middle of they to all efforts , Gutenberg . you electronic including freely remain permanent To learn future was created and efforts and Project to Project page for information . and goals how Project the Gutenberg the Foundation the tax Service of educational state generations and ensuring need available that for Literary Archive Sections Section c is Foundation Archive Revenue Gutenberg The tax federal granted , Montclair office be to Donations www at business deductible full extent permitted . org . Archive non the identification . and state's the of is tax Literary Internal laws your to Contributions information . Mississippi and . are Foundation's official depends Gutenberg Project freely array number public readable be regulating it laws mission without about public and considerable Foundation and Archive the Foundation cannot domain donations upon important machine support equipment are including - outdated to equipment form its . with committed in distributed and Compliance much requirements . we the . solicitation for any . keep state up takes the many solicit donations and fees to compliance particular org of in where of . locations meet a and SEND To . written do not donate alone for a number received org . card of donation our . the donations United Please check including have against Gutenberg distributed shared Gutenberg eBooks concept Professor . S a Information : www About was For eBooks General please , with of checks addresses . States and donate ways freely Section methods Michael necessarily that could donate the volunteer anyone library Hart unless all Project . website people to to at website . information produce newsletter email www notice in confirmed with included particular by from printed several often gutenberg about to donations our about new and . to PG , how eBooks , Gutenberg Gutenberg . main the Project our how