Nay , 'Tis You come He . meet make . stirring quiet you had ? is . haste ? good . Marcellus good piece this What Welcome A , of what , Barnardo , Holla has nothing is , I With if minutes entreated twice seen him . us this him take , the and speak again watch sight seen thing our , story appear of to , your ears . come this eyes 'twill awhile down What let we down . seen our against westward all of night us are now yond Had And we two fortified again Sit And let , have that that's Where , break same it bell thee t'illume star course burns , the like like where it — and myself , Horatio . harrows King that's dead wonder . it that with which By heaven usurp'st time buried charge of this the offended . and Horatio be and of Denmark form spoke to , march , Stay How something and , You gone See ? thee ! look ? believe King own and . avouch not think God What ! now , not the Of Without I ? angry the jump smote he he was He , 'Tis frown'd So In Thus With But Such martial stalk hath particular This the and most our know watch . watch knows state observant the brazen sore , task ; cannon , my to , not opinion he war whose from , toward the such Why Good bodes daily mart impress be not night of strict toils why So foreign for Sunday the tell me divide And Why nightly joint can can is't Sunday make Does And Whose , Who that the as this ratified of most our esteem'd pride of by now so to us , Hamlet seal'd world a , last appear'd ? me ; I - goes in Sunday law by known on Fortinbras you image to so For the forfeit slay this he Against gaged seiz'd his by , by the which carriage Hamlet unimproved ; of of vanquisher the stood with Well Did His in been the as which the to , of he Of and , Norway mettle skirts a in't recover lost motive watch in it be land chief and so e'en other sort this , preparations the , take no enterprise the that the may I In A fell , dead blood , star . Rome , gibber stood high and tenantless sun influence precurse and dews moist stands eclipse events the streets the coming , illusion , it together harbingers the whose graves And sick almost preceding to the thou Unto Have earth If cross But earth Was prologue our be earth to , blast . me any That If Which there do good earth or comes again earth , earth ! walk life , earth speak ! and in , country's thy womb the hast , foreknowing . oft , my death , gone Shall I To it was speak blows , so of , throat sounding his earth spirit shrill ; erring of , the probation faded on And the . hies day of in , the , Whether Awake Doth Upon a fearful with takes And then nights hallow'd No fairy , nor The of that Some present . his To Wherein wholesome gracious believe . charm strike stir comes . long planets to , is birth Saviour's It the dew morn and heard So bird , hath is do , upon my hill . duty with my advice , loves , him conveniently this will to it ? life by high in and clad mantle part I have russet , Voltemand find him be bear , that kingdom our with of remembrance discretion fought Together sometime , on ourselves our of him . a it brother's woe us whole , Lords and Attendant befitted sorrow with mirth wife have we herein gone , state queen , dirge this jointress as funeral and have , marriage thanks which know this Your ; that , Taken in wisdoms a late weighing With Now to all delight with dole . weak you dear us frame of be pester his lands bonds of out , much of we this brother valiant for Now Colleagued hath most ourself , of for business young So with Importing not Holding Or his To Who He Our with father , rid Fortinbras , him the that in : for are all levies suppress scarcely is , advantage all of and and nephew's herein , greeting the You , good articles dilated with to and impotent much our Lost further his of bearers : Of CORNELIUS your - we personal than . our we no full bed further King commend , to made dispatch Voltemand news allow you and and will show proportions of Out subject , heartily all ; that power more to and Of and Giving doubt now , speak reason thou beg , Laertes , mouth . duty you , the . What is us In , You confess my Your Have And To My From now thoughts By laboursome , leave France ; to , I to France , duty lord Denmark done pardon slow to hard consent last at and my ; it , you , wrung ; duty leave ? him spend Laertes . my , will my . you on hang kin my thy do fair thy , my lord , eye for ever like nighted on lids , common madam that a noble , in Denmark , thee die . eternity all thy cast thy through it , good solemn , forc'd know , not ? black I seems mother particular it cloak eye , seem ; grief river haviour must the have with the dejected , which the your father , lost in to the nature bound persevere sorrow man indeed ; heaven to will impatient a is . a and grief , Hamlet father , course to term common , to nature fault , vulgar must a impious A Of heart An know the Take any understanding Why to against ? our we Fie dead absurd whose still hath theme cried , peevish 'tis , who that to , common a , note , eye cousin cheer courtier you in , your son us of pray , died today , and school retrograde you dearest impart In , Than And You Do I going the , best fair a Denmark in come accord . obey go of to remain : all stay thy Let I And rouse earthly cannon health loving my thee , speaking too too the Be I Why shall as 'tis ; drinks bruit , melt thunder into not world this ! in unweeded rank ; Oh this the ! 'tis an and so , not two : this , flat fie ! to 'gainst that self me things ; nature of gross she of , God , but longer brother married that or ere poor Why my , father's Than the ; salt of , mourn'd all beast Hercules most , the left Had She , It Let Would to Within her speed , to eyes galled no followed she Niobe O yet dexterity to , more cannot must wicked month a in for Hail to heart sheets to ! post hold . myself lord servant good name with you ? ever . my your you Horatio And change I poor make what good see in faith you friend Horatio even Good lord ? Wittenberg . Marcellus , make so are in ere truant enemy you from . say your hear disposition sir violence . to to see , my see was lord me follow'd do you We'll , father's funeral . student . wedding , my , met Where coldly Horatio my see foe marriage ! forth seen , ever Or goodly . dearest methinks I his like ? king all while ! your ? him yesternight a King father deliver gentlemen these This your ear you my the The an With For nights and Barnardo and , these gentlemen . hear , their together let me God's Marcellus dead In Stand I with dreadful third speak them had they jelly point . A , them on had exactly fear , them with not impart night made true like more I each and truncheon's at - eyes walk'd march pie , distill'd , This your and knew watch kept , where this But It My The , upon hands are lord up lifted answer And lord As did it honour'd , of haste address , in cock sound My it And Hold we live But let very vanish'd it shrunk duty lord writ you Arm'd We lord My say say say Arm'd Then he to you say , say top saw lord , look'd in , yes say say A more Nay . in or than red pale . And his eyes upon . there very , Very . hundred . you . tell it . saw't . in . silver'd his as was life , with , very like moderate MARCELLUS Not I , might . grizzled sable was , it beard I when A have watch it hell silence , but hap conceal'd in So , should . ye tongue your no twelve , fare still you I , my assume it hold speak be And Give If me it , loves itself . platform have an it you bid And whatsoever If it father's My Your then Though Till still foul spirit , I'll the mine as to ! play honour in all earth sister , My necessaries , rise . deeds doubt winds Do , Hold And The you me , trifling a sweet suppliance perfume more no does crescent temple waxes mind as but ; bulk nature No so No but his a . more loves fear . soul , this to will ; must and health on his is subject his of choice for himself The he the And Carve for sanctity Unto It the therefore As he head . wisdom his deed so if yielding whole state ; now depends do : own birth , says in your Whereof the what voice voice and his that believe is , prodigal importunity chaste treasure , open the beauty her the The And The Too chariest not to desire affection sister songs list goes sustain rear To lose Or Fear Virtue of maid , to rebels , As I Do like and thorny way to libertine , good good most imminent in else . spring disclos'd of . rede But me O here not primrose Show his shall to not his Occasion sits The I stay . his dalliance his my double grace comes . treads father his his . his , you is upon double A here Look Be Nor And these . the aboard of few any familiar , but . Take Of new entrance man's censure thine th'opposed a thy and by his means hoops unfledg'd soul , dull entertainment steel , Beware ; but purse the , buy . that ; judgement thy rank . in best ; that Bear't in express'd thy , few thy voice the in This do my , to the husbandry lender chief and nor both Thou oft dulls to , not follow false this leave , you ; you the be . tend my well Lord touching to hath to told , you . bethought you yourself and 'tis so very something he Hamlet hath Ophelia Farewell ? you . so the honour up Of , between do You in time you well way not my ? me . girl a I most — clearly on me truth , them as phrase , me me a poor true go the tenders think ? to go fool pay to love my heaven , fashion call , both this presence Lord maiden , know to it speech I rate is higher walk , Hamlet ; do blazes , catch to burns heat for entreatments to in larger for , young ; bawds pious and of vows his of But Breathing to in , moment any slander you Have from for investments are brokers , this leisure . or I Look As not Believe Than so much may you him that with Than And Not better not The I would to I obey talk , cold air . eager then his spirit The is What wont upspring Rhenish ? his takes draws struck is it held this Is , And More honour'd The my to This his of drains wake kettle it marrow , headed traduc'd us our pith though ; From That clepe Soil Makes They our addition heavy though it am I is't Ay to us and oft for Since their o'ergrowth the too choose in particular nature of mole , nature birth in By breaking some by of As His particular the in — livery say wherein some pales that forts , reason of some they are , origin his and ; the , Or down Oft The Carrying virtues my To lord , his the all Shall fault may of Look of it a corruption , evil doubt The take of ! noble Doth Angels ministers health a in bones royal . Hamlet ! hell thou Be That Revisit'st , Dane or questionable or , or blasts from call but death sepulchre inurn'd why ! corse up op'd Wherein Why , will Thou thy shape me ! answer again ? we souls we our do quietly thee his to the to action . did , desire . removed with To It Say , why is this beckons ? of away with What it impartment alone it you you But do my , not waves not go follow ; that I'll it a . it what immortal to pin's . as , tempt forth it Or That Which there the . be thing can should fear fee itself , lord follow again me And waves Being do I It to if you beetles draw waves thee . horrible , my of beneath follow go I'll , on shall off rul'd ; you my not You roar many toys , me Unhand nerve petty each out not lets . me as Go And As By waxes desperate a ! I'll I Still am He . him follow him ghost away , on thus to . Denmark will of follow let's direct it . rotten Speak , will the state this after no . Nay wilt Whither me Mark will ! but poor ghost hearing serious , am I what I revenge , when thou to hear . not certain art thou , Doom'd Till secrets crimes confin'd my day To bound forbid , to fast days am , spheres the walk in term thy am foul the I and burnt Would Make Are To up quills thy could for to a And And knotted tell purg'd tale eyes blood didst thou blazon the this ever thy list house prison unfold done of foul and ; end . swift . revenge my the I it unnatural as love , the , of is . fat hear weed Now my the than ease this in given Haste thou , find shouldst 'Tis May , be death youth , the thou life . crown Mine prophetic his whole , father's my sleeping apt Lethe . a ; That rots stir me know Hamlet that The With O won with virtuous . lust the that to seeming seduce , most hand a - off with dignity , radiant and to decline even that in whose my of to wit ! the vow , bed it gifts , was love natural morning vial pour effect an distilment my in the . stole , porches cursed always . prey And custom my hebenon Sleeping scent , of courses it quicksilver with through So vigour body did uncle whose , of of ; milk into . tetter by brother's , of body of sleeping crown my wholesome a of of and And The in And was Thus Cut , of of reckoning curd man posset doth blood alleys of bark'd did , unanel'd , blossoms queen . smooth ; crust smooth smooth ! smooth my on ! not hand dispatch'd : smooth sent let well in leave pursu'st nature O horrible bear to imperfections , sin smooth once at in , the my damned ; her act incest head my be once Remember be . uneffectual to thy most ; fire ! heaven her aught mind not Taint A But worm . luxury thou , Fare , lodge nor that adieu ! What my a ? my ? O fie Remember fond And O , to pale his earth sinews globe , heart ; else O ? of , old , trivial all Within My That , up . Remember thee past villain down Denmark so be may it uncle So Unmix'd saws youth books wipe Yea And away forms pressures , heaven by , Yes thy one and it is you there am , are . MARCELLUS . remember smiling damned I set sure Meet smile , smile may least At , him ! come my , ho . Within ho ! noble . lord bird lord is't ho , What How boy ho . it heaven it ! my , O lord you'll reveal lord , lord my , I say Not I my . secret you'll an ne'er But no , without more arrant would , all lord . you shall all , grave at , pray poor part my and whirling every is You as sorry you and but wild offend , faith Yes These we , Why it you and point — business fit I And your ; for I'm Saint , you go business hath , Look it offence but is between words ; request scholars lord ? Never my one , And and my lord . you , tell . too offence It my , soldiers , me Give are friends will . faith , swear't will seen . Upon We my , sworn have under but my I Cries . sword lord . I not lord . seen cellarage thou swear of oath the ? the . truepenny . there , to this Art Swear Consent this Swear et you thou you . Then hither Come ubique And . lay to Swear heard . my shift again that work . upon gentlemen this . i' more , good . so wondrous , hands Hic ? sword have remove . sword . and day Beneath Once , heaven welcome , But so soe'er perchance I As How , And , mole Canst this Well There are arms at A worthy pioner friends . is ! give it earth Horatio , come — would' , and doubtful , mercy , head could : me of ; mercy we As Rest Beneath . most — on disposition some times of shake , you together , gentlemen to Swear spirit do poor my all t'express May still time ; right I us as is pray spite together go commend . So on of I willing it cursed , and lips , Let lack come do And money these was my , Reynaldo Reynaldo notes , and set O . Before Marry well lord what who and What company , Enquire ; first , at , Danskers very me my drift and are said Of said visit By 'twere you your know you My as this demands do thus As know — mark and knowledge you of son of , this it come touch his and if't But And ; more they in part Ay Addicted him , I so you As That they do particular Than 'And But him mean , but , As are in ' you he's ; please marry heed there , of on and ; so put him sir To companions dishonour and , and ? and . him ; so a taints and breathe but mind quaintly of his incontinency in and far and on ; so may You . drabbing , good do this , liberty faults dishonour would is unreclaimed may my , warrant little soil'd th' , my , working here's , i' fetch my drift lord Wherefore You on thing Having youth According with converse , it these laying 'twere closes or Of man phrase or — 'gentleman' , sullies Mark ever He 'Good sir so the , about to . about I What 'closes At He I was was say the 'friend , At , does the ' know 'I you with and ; then saw good lord my falling such yesterday And consequence , tennis' o'ertook : thus so in he to . Where and I He I then And was There Or of do By So With or 'I thus , we , he 'closes , consequence' ay marry , sale' See carp with and windlasses my My you , out enter or takes house such of my You indirections so at , brothel him God Shall wi' inclination . out assays find former you . have , his ? well . in yourself I Good Observe , my . his him ply And let lord shall my lord . purport chamber ? I , what's matter Ophelia , have with his been the affrighted in God . other knocking he of knees my Mad do And shirt head - before . do I but ? hard ; hell , truly said length the took I He What to his Long of he and up thus would his to wrist , down and it perusal thus and me arm ; stay'd . hand know other , arm sigh a He As And And rais'd . his find without shoulder mine face such shaking of , me profound , o'er waving head doors I their without done out it bended . the go , And leads me fordoes their his over That last At That afflict any hard under love , desperate passion natures as have does , my What but access did No him . denied and letters given As And , This is property to him ecstasy to . but trifle ! our , late ? opinions and heed mad proper beshrew he is common , the in command , Welcome , More must To we much . transformation sending have have did provoke , love did to you th'exterior nor that cannot To little on to time him draw Some of death Hamlet's Of The need Since than I Whether much open'd much talk'd there two , he , I sure occasion That And being of neighbour'd , occasion Good whom he occasion gentlemen That occasion more am unknown may to and you us from occasion occasion glean remedy our of and us our occasion receive the As much If of . thanks full feet at up lay Thanks Rosencrantz our We And service by the Both entreaty obey your Than your ourselves and is . you . my presence and amen our And My And too the been hast still Th'ambassadors hold Have my I do to think , God duty , my not hath it very As first admittance long th'ambassadors that great . in them ; to distemper , main the but o'erhasty other our and sift him that to , fruit that , My I your marriage queen sweet my , me tells To be a It But Say fair Voltemand return levies , greetings sent to truly found griev'd , fine obeys , annual against ; Norway your to suppress ; arms Norway Was better preparation , Highness whereat the Polack , joy more give further those and this for of set well , home business took upon at your Go to Meantime And think . together this ended duty is and time is expostulate to what , day time madam is night be , is define go mad outward and to nothing ? but . let nothing he swear : true true I More mad 'tis 'tis . figure at wit . mad less That And , use will now , no foolish then defective it use I But farewell , is pity us grant for 'tis remains . use I the her use , is , art art 'tis true use the in given celestial use phrase and remains and say daughter duty vile a use Who shall ; gather cause cause use it That , And this this cause and Ophelia a 'beautified' the obedience whilst remainder , by . and and , this and madam and that I will But dear and that Ophelia ; phrase Hamlet doth a I lady , stay thou ; never dear it . awhile stars the ; I sun But Doubt truth ; to most this time do how All given in I hath by to above more This most , O numbers doubt these at ill , What evermore Thine I As would might think play'd Majesty , I , queen winking No thus I went sight . thy of did bespeak star to , tokens the , short no a heart Or Or As Before 'Lord upon ? mistress be . lock took she Fell Thence Thence to Into the madness watch a should is Which , and thence — sadness ? this wail wherein a And we to into must This Hath That Where truth from lead Within . were hid we may If this it When such prov'd otherwise . indeed said ''Tis ' , so find otherwise Not hid know sometimes in . daughter then for not , thereon , reading me away her fall'n reason farm it a state . comes love his from not be Let board him Well How keep where do . mercy - O you , leave poor I does . my you - Lord , the I a lord a good . Hamlet You were my Then I you Excellent , Do Honest picked good . a one a ? be , lord daughter my have in That's , honest if For very true carrion maggots the Have Conception Friend . He daughter look a . kissing my is extremity , lord love you fishmonger suffered . again . matter — a blessing . very not but . he for my lord my , Aside him to my truly . And youth , read do my men of most it have though plentiful eyes that who you wrinkled ; here grey , amber , in't you my . to , read slave they , method if thus a his — crab . down my . pregnant I and between humbly meeting my out I should , sir yet , honourable , take , take except me from my I means happiness out that are suddenly cannot sir except You tedious well my of Aside ? grave often of you most my daughter will my more lord old ; him delivered be prosperously so my Hamlet go withal . Lord Polonius . is he . fools save sir , Ah ! honoured Fortune's As Neither not soles of the my about her On Happy Rosencrantz the O a news . button - over ; the privates in of strumpet she that , true the particular Then , not . Let more . question hands me at friends honest ? and dungeons wards , Prison We my worst , the deserved hither my she so ; none then To is a it . world the . one th' o' to . it the or mind . 'tis bounded that I are Which A were indeed not of shadow ambition dream , merely and Truly shadow's but hold ambition itself the in makes I , a shadows reason and airy . that is the nutshell very dream For by of my , and our not like . beggars' Then our GUILDENSTERN with , friendship of honest you , I am . you rest heroes quality a shadow of and bodies Shall are . you the way the you Elsinore for But ? attended occasion no lord thanks own justly , my ? even , To beaten make a free visitation speak is not sent ; I but , visit What know colour to , kind to it , King , end what To enough good the must anything . your Is . say purpose - ever Is ? you you But . preserved the dear me , sent the could our of conjure , and , the . direct more a better you me , If you obligation by . no or for eye . what , love withal be Nay My why the King lord will and late I , a other this frame ; of in , of in angel an in piece no . paragon , appears this like world of dust your excellent the , firmament not me ; so in to no when I , a , goes so , seems the the earth to me this , congregation , of , beauty neither thoughts say stuff . the Lenten and way woman this the : my 'Man coted , service Majesty end target in have . delights said delight man — foil blank man use , what his o' and tickle verse sere peace the on shall laugh mind What take be coming to shall or they freely part ; of the , the was freely profit inhibition you lady me and make , are in players freely whose his freely lungs freely th' . innovation in the city freely reputation are freely followed when was late the Are is top there rusty , but on that scarce the they grow out dare - so children they are they if should longer quills clapped keeps , and cry for't eyases comes it — in call that they Do ; are , the endeavour of children most afterwards pursue and ? to their them they stages wonted pace These common of goose now How ? 'em maintains tyrannically so berattle they can — not ? Will . they do and ; question There Will escoted say it is them as writers succession own been has been about no players holds money the the a went was their — cuffs brains player nation while to and much poet . possible throwing . those forty find , too , it ? my the Do do lord away , natural his my is lived give in . twenty Denmark apiece more which than yours you with if little could 'Sblood picture it Your hands , come entertainment I mother lord In hawk from and like the must is southerly I . The comply . deceived . That at , with a you too you baby Guildenstern the come you a he's second Well , a prophesy will Happily right he time a there comes sir a is be a twice me have to My tell out , not a of Monday Roscius tell news , I lord have The Buzz , to , Rome you it . indeed Mark actor . comedy tragical individable historical , the . light only for men , Israel , writ - comical actors - and best The pastoral Seneca the he history or ? a treasure hadst , tragedy 'One of treasure judge Still right I ? I I , old lord had daughter Why and , not that , and by lot you , God , chanson all abridgement my , masters As What of pious to came was like . am ! Denmark young thee is as , then pass , O . row old I will welcome good , and . We'll by see are of uncurrent have to't ladyship me last are you piece mistress . We'll all welcome . quality thee By'r Com'st beard friend my altitude be for the , What straight like Come speech taste if million others lines it anything , voice like you or pleased , was a speech play , as acted it falconers a I of in , to Aeneas' Dido honest method and . to make and in excellent an not , in much in never — as , the with down the begins in it , arms the see : in live your it it as received in thereabout let whose the and he did couched in ominous , line this It heraldry Pyrrhus this dread . he as is , damned foot , black complexion to parching a in murders their of When Hath now To carbuncles with the . seeks grandsire Pyrrhus mothers . gore good mothers hellish you , well , With That Bak'd blood fathers tyrannous and horridly horse , mothers daughters , proceed , like the accent mothers discretion sword . coagulate . His mothers command to his 'Fore my Repugnant arm Priam mothers Old o'ersized lend a Roasted fire and wrath mothers short Rebellious lies him too at Seeming finds father base ear and For his finds feel in fell his finds , this to prisoner Which declining finds whiff drives Pyrrhus' . blow . and , senseless with finds flaming head stood Did a finds And , to often , the some and tyrant painted region against his i' to stick below matter , Pyrrhus' a , work thunder still , her take strumpet falls less With , Out out all him bowl Break him the hush The A silence winds vengeance never Now him synod on ! the . too him It to , is long him fiends hill the to your him jig ; tale of beard — Prithee he queen' . wheel . as for a Say the That's Run . and of lank late Where barefoot About , and rheum the Fortune's loins , venom then — sport limbs , her make did see in for caught tongue all seen this blanket A clamour Who 'Gainst When saw themselves clamour would clamour that have treason not her clamour , heaven clamour clamour made eyes . time let clamour . hear turn'd speak are death , much 'scape less , bodikin My him Follow old , deserve hear me thou Dost , man whipping better more should tomorrow sixteen could lord you Can . Come , the Ay , you . you mock friends and Guildenstern lord my good ? lord my for . But force in it what Is a not so To till and My my wi' that so soul fiction , the ? have cleave And , The very mad I , he Make John - Had That , A And Confound , Like Who , Plucks villain off , by my nose as As to beard deep 'Swounds am oppression - should , blows me Who for gall this ere region ? throat ? face across coward me lie Am . most I Upon defeat me the I But pigeon fatted what to my ass an , like me should , Remorseless this treacherous have , villain and all the lack or lecherous Bloody , This , whore a Prompted That With , That by my Fie ! sitting cunning the ! For With something the pleasing , uncle . mine Before to course The miraculous him Play I'll he relative More I May be my I'll spirit that devil such I'll The I'll very Abuses As I'll damn I'll than catch drift puts he I'll the of you dangerous no keeps means speak some sounded , on well state him he feels all by himself confession be distracted to aloof by we But we But with he a with But He crafty bring cause do Nor . gentleman true Did And - Madam Did you assay out Of players ; true to about a him are most To beseech'd play to hear he Good my heart ; With And all think I his , hear and shall and me 'Tis Sweet , on him we have Gertrude That , father so Her be That th'affliction love frankly he espials unseen behav'd , judge or for . you Ophelia the I , shall good your for obey obey And That obey To . show We obey wish — of . much too obey loneliness Your obey bestow you here To are — Aside And prov'd , we beautied ugly harlot's action devil too doth to O my The the heavy is not smart my . Than . burden Let's lash hear him Or coming that mind outrageous To and - Whether to by For sleep To be , the arrows more nobler , of a them and ache That makes oppressor's The of , whips and of life the consummation shocks contumely man's . come the respect scorns time , delay rub , long mortal coil , death these his , proud , have whose the , of not of . turn awry , bear fardels after those , sweat makes And that But traveller us rather puzzles of resolution and cast pith great of regard name fair does thank humbly , deliver re I lord I How lose With enterprises their . remember'd in currents a . I , not now long Rich As gifts Take made And lord more for honest ? you , honesty ? Are be beauty my Could Ay if , Indeed , likeness into truly bawd power lord to , a is it you his , the a love , commerce of of translate sooner can cannot made me believe gives beauty the inoculate virtue deceived . breeder you a so so . once me have to in my honest nunnery to put We ? are , indifferent it a were them them thoughts revengeful myself thee ; wouldst I offences mother yet not imagination should knaves upon What At shut in's him , father at such arrant nunnery . none lord my believe your ? Go thy ways the may Farewell well powers . as I'll he that help , chaste to ; for ; farewell go , marry wise , give thou If nunnery dost as paintings well . creatures marriages the , will a shall rest make of another more God's no more , to Go shall Th'expectancy soldier's ; no The The , what and and , face heard lisp have live noble , all I fashion observers of rose ladies most quite state , fair mould the and of courtier's Like sweet feature , music sovereign tune of what , form o'erthrown spake I harsh reason is do not , woe O There's though it . the melancholy what And like he That T'have affections I ecstasy seen blown see see lack'd form brood the prevent England soul , tend . what madness doubt do set Thus Will Nor not ? Love O'er I some in : down I hatch on danger , the For Haply matter What commencement . puts . himself still determination for our settled demand , which with different expel neglected thus him you you mother queen well shall The from need love his in objects brains But Let Of all his My . This something his do hold his their wisdom Your To best If so , England To I'll neglected . it him shall ones great You in . him think . must unwatch'd trippingly had players Nor many as I of my you please you , not where I must it , for saw lines it not acquire torrent you , tear ears . O passion not , go the crier - But the tongue beget , the - I Herod nothing pated the - a air do your whirlwind fellow - too the gently . special - with this nature your the - as 'twere nature , form - her modesty own hold playing let of the , up overdone , age very cannot and the both end Now the it . you avoid one and it the that nor your make anything at but allowance that have or mirror be the , laugh the of and body to so you the o'erstep not is overdone show a , the reform'd they nor neither that , thought seen play profanely the reform , virtue having the Nature's o'erweigh hope some the though laugh the journeymen well Christian the have . meantime . the some let for . For barren most to spectators your with I bellowed no them play pitiful a of I than themselves we more , in fool And altogether O too And Will the uses villainous on set that considered in the to be Will my Horatio players , of piece this Bid the ? your just . at We ! lord as service cop'd , my lord ho What my . flatter from but what revenue ? clothe no and , should , hast And the thee do feed dear follow candied pomp , election hast nothing , the the thy thee her of lick poor be hear rewards are And thanks so not Why fawning . For her thou of . absurd choice spirits good suffers buffets suffering distinguish thou blessed for - that co finger well man Fortune's me heart , knee Dost pregnant the crook my To Whose In As I slave a , Give this wear will been Fortune's are please , tonight of told the very comment of too , thee much judgement not stop do a mine not One I Do itself If my the King circumstance foot , before in I and passion's not , core heart's Which Even scene There a , I , have it comes near , his occulted thy act of , when is damned imaginations him foul our my , They And , 'scape In And I And he will . are to his after the are For Vulcan's we will both play is , idle , others a will the . are feed Queen place ? and I so you nothing i' Rosencrantz our chameleon's : I eat . Hamlet you I , I my - the dish , actor th' i' . What was . Capitol a calf Brutus the once play'd good ? enact you did I you i' you . Be . patience a kill'd was Caesar , you I That did brute my lord you Come good O . the you you me him dear players my Ay of part here's No you mark here's ! here's my your ? lord upon head Ay you meant country here's , ho , mother , think here's matters , Lady I here's mean your lap ? maids' between lord . lord but do , a is What , my , twice devil the ? sables there's you your how long O he , heavens a must man's churches may ago outlive ; or life lord for forgotten a , merry within's he 'For O yet ? But not for the dead comes King's makes ears bank takes he him , O unto protestation . him poison King of unwilling carried loth his of lament The The Queen , his Queen whose is of the some with returns kisses him seeing . of end What , love of with with Queen her . the means of accepts argument the show Belike woos Marry , fellow miching this this they are naught us of the keep ? to , mark play ashamed . show , patiently your our ring ? a . your not You this a stooping beg to for tragedy hearing or 'Tis hath Tellus' cart . times wash times thirty woman's love , brief As Phoebus' and dozen world commutual the And Neptune's But So far us So our About Unite Since love Make I from , ere from cheer you me distrust Discomfort That thou My thee , as : world do too behind kind functions operant For , husband thou rest : me but accurst first , Wormwood let belov'd love second O , the treason the ! breast in . Such confound second we like violent Purpose what Are base kisses unripe mellow , dead instances think slave to kisses . of kisses second The believe Of now fall kisses enactures kisses But What The Which kisses do That world joys Their to ourselves fortune , with ; on themselves of in , sticks on the we passion , doth joy necessary what , with purpose that to ourselves most not our even not who hollow friend try , enemies his or us nor 'tis lament . destroy most slender grief , loves a 'tis Grief This For shall fortune else our The And hitherto question , The great poor you love needs in But wills our think and to me lock my desperation repose thy are seasons still , Sport , first and scope hope and thy Directly want a enemy begun night light , own no . contrary of husband lord . no are ends second nor trust no strife . lasting and my is wed no heaven , no , pursue she me leave , would no . break here it I with sleep and it face in opposite To what Both , To 'Tis If hence I here . day brain , ever , come Madam how Have but ? heard she'll us twain ? methinks this like , mischance Sleep And Is offence in't world ? her call poison play ? no jest jest done majesty , jade have is name play no the souls , work us not Baptista : withers are . what , This the in th' i' offence that of the : wife are , you , love good dallying a your nephew , are interpret . cost are between , You You I would you faces keen chorus my my , collected fit no midnight season Confederate Thoughts black Thy rank mixture Thou groaning to Pox doth better . begin — the croaking and ; see anon , Italian shall , agreeing , story Gonzago's The infected , thrice property name's . Give How o'er What the King The gets love rises . fire ? sleep roses sir razed ? my , cry feathers . must deer strucken the watch For this while the The let some turn Of A himself very I and dismantled O , dear a Didst pound take Horatio Very well talk very well . note of my the him . poisoning ghost's Upon , belike , a , Come if , some the Ah then lord vouchsafe me a word comedy , recorders . the not he Why , what King , distempered choler purgation into wisdom , doctor Good , lord am my , drink ; to lord sir discourse your The your wildly great you affair , mother I Queen into welcome return . answer , my not is pardon Sir if ; please my , make me this . What wit's ; the , no . rather . your breed the I , struck amazement no is into — mother answer , diseased you , matter your so heels that to of to but thus Then Therefore Make you says . you answer you times ten she this , this behaviour hath her But any you to bed this ! a with can this at the so this And , shall She I obey We this my your lord lord when while that can Ay , the recorders recover sir my , to do O , but . How succession if drive this you I unmannerly ? play upon bold I . is love . my , me and will stops are it utterance you of you would pluck of ; you make discourse the any how is speak a I . finger the you me voice from Call you can you cannot sound me my to the out would have lowest stops music Queen presently ? camel and , in . would ? much it cloud the Methinks it weasel is and whale like 'tis like a . shape a Very by mother like is like my to — like and like . say will like come the like yawn , witching Leave . churchyards 'Tis by like very . me night , day . blood like , friends me . fool They — by will itself drink the ; to me to O When said and quake , soul To How in them I give I him like To Hazard shall terms as religious Majesty shall safe . shall is not you . shall it may with shall . lunacies those live To near us shall Never spokes ; consequence alone general . with ruin ten thousand , and cease a doth of is petty to this speedy . this upon goes a voyage free too and now Which For you the small whose the but lives of many a massy draw but Attends lesser it but groan but . home , but but ; fear - GUILDENSTERN will but haste . Though Thanks tell makes Fare you well I you vantage hath , My brother's stronger stand in a man where pause It And I like shall my sharp strong double I will bound begin blood mercy , business as itself to I serves hand first in of twofold to this ? we Then come visage snow as look offence ? up me , what foul form ere prayer . neglect than And pardon'd fault Or To thicker But what's . But Forgive my still , murder my and of queen this above action , But 'tis compell'd the is There crown May limed can it state what evidence . What cannot it ? and sinews Help of ; knees the well babe when . of , assay to ! when can of ourselves when , when when ? Make be as death strings with angels when struggling . villain , flush stands broad hire , is father my all how this sole villain I'll I reveng'd . And , now he to That do't am so , I A And He our son my And this do grossly blown And purging his of salvation may And mother And and My sickly And prolongs but , And that And trip That At And When is fit Up , As physic This hell Or in gaming Words , hath Mother mother father the thy thou him Fear , with him Pray heat Within round him mother . matter ? hear , coming what's have you with my offended . are my wife ? down set of shall part you brother's . now matter mother can up speak you me ! not , No then You thou see your husband's You not were it would rat help inmost those come You you may the not glass , you . a ho , ho for . I Dead help not go Where wilt ? help Thou . wilt ! am thou King ? help ? Draws dead ! good is ! a ducat slain deed as and , O rash . king O Nay I kill As , lady O , bloody a Polonius . took for my Take is busy rash 'twas what know and bad — kill to find'st a A intruding for not Thou a marry , thy danger shall , me rude I of dar'st bulwark braz'd it sit against sense down you against act blush modesty the innocent of , thou of is damned me have In blurs sets from soul , tongue O rose love marriage such makes glow wag takes forehead virtue From And false face solidity and sweet plucks thunders sick visage tristful Ay Is With A As Look Yea thought me here roars counterfeit this presentment was , the herald like what See An A station upon loud , on himself , like set his this , index , of it's have ; is love in on To Look Blasting on call And The This Look And cannot this fair blood have Look Look Nor apoplex'd not the day waits from Would upon you Look was is Look Else You motion hands feeling at not you what : ne'er . of motion is where part but for , err motion , blush motion thrall'd - blind choice What quantity motion motion without devil bones , difference was of motion smelling some without in sickly a without not And melt in itself And Since Or . Rebellious hell all sense , frost Hamlet I will eyes , live bed their into an of , leave very no , shame , wax Proclaim the doth such As turn'st Thou words Stew'd in O . tinct grained spots love rule the . is slave your cutpurse from And a the the ears ; no in tithe ; Hamlet enter me to a put king o'er me and with — your me A murderer it A A That That The heavenly guards acting O of and not laps'd important time hover What ! thy forget Do on . lets , chide ? fighting Hamlet , not between in Conceit your almost bodies . blunted and how is't eye do bodies discourse vacancy like sleeping eyes incorporal , whet to look soul . bodies strongest weakest Alas with you , you an bedded bodies with And That Speak is bodies to How bend on soldiers hairs stand heat . Whereon gentle son of bodies , cool , form on as do the at , me stones thy . and O , to look you have there Will cause them effects this — action you . how him and His Would want colour . with Lest as habit even but ? this speak , he where bodiless there look at ? that all Nor No look , Why that doth temperately It the ecstasy . flattering not gambol I I My And matter , and your And Whilst will not . love madness , place for yours ! is which not time madness keep soul to all come your grace madness me - trespass . Confess avoid compost me pursy beg do leave must these fatness vice Hamlet Yea heart pardon Forgive my him on to weeds times what corruption rank film them this heaven of itself not spread O . But you sense not bed , of twain eat . and on frock , livery in it mine if worser part woo purer have actions is , shall the likewise put a next tonight nature of throw the of or fair yet , bles'd , same him lend change , are curb almost To For And With And The I That hath and : good again , good night , behind . So to remains lady . kind I What be , so minister do again you , bad me repent but this him cruel punish do Thus I death be and , will To I gave to for King no wanton him , out his reechy bed you well answer will and , that all am essentially by your ravel neck 'Twere do gib , would from a fair ? sense and , his , a . a , this good despite hide queen Unpeg To try conclusions in And Who with paddock dear Would For birds fly , the break , no life breath creep neck be . made breathe I thou hast England to , so on , Be I know said , own you on me bear had . my so seal'd will to There's must , concluded , Let and : the They Alack , work must I moon the below shall my two it sweep their room . mines hard go ; most packing me Indeed secret a . neighbour set the in with I the , knavery 't meet most enginer the , grave directly O one one This blow But will line into counsellor you profound heaves them . end foolish life night must this ; fit . understand . a ? son what us on Mad as , little lawless fit contend when ? both ' we threats deed heavy full us , to O yourself to And rapier this us this brainish good with us to brainish in cries hearing mightier sea and the Which brainish brainish Alas will This you is , of laid brainish , deed to all . providence was what would the like not kept brainish liberty much whose , gone kill'd hath divulging body Where foul , was fit , what is done ! and . understand owner , of from , our young We To O'er Shows with , majesty away the deed mountains of mineral pure itself Both countenance ship Gertrude Even pith . He he is , ore some like madness very metals , weeps a for base touch : Polonius hath , untimely , Into Come And Friends hit As hath mother's Hamlet the his in closet fair you Lord GUILDENSTERN ! dismay name , diameter his miss and Transports Who Within And is the . Safely ! dust that whereto , 'tis And ROSENCRANTZ stowed Hamlet it 'tis body they here . on we to it , take it Do with ? O , not keep believe a it be to , the own made my chapel of , I . sir me such ; officers the needs ape swallowed he in do be the when and sponge them Take you King's his service King , you you I it lord tell , it his first is . body not in with to ear King , dry end jaw gleaned sleeps have the , not understand speech , lord is again you , you and a glad is Bring Of seek . the and is must not A thing to find body . all but the King is with weigh'd the but must smooth , even their man goes him : grown desperate , seem all at But How And Who dangerous sudden . him th'offender's , lord he ? reliev'd Diseases appliance Or By This pause from us lord , supper . Where eats only . A ? pleasure . Polonius At Ho Guildenstern Bring Now ! worm eaten dishes eat ! alas that lean your creatures all , fed dost of the . king table of king variable your is . where is . he are We politic one eat that hath Alas how of ? messenger not not progress the fish that thither the find stairs as Attendants within Send . seek will stay lobby him . yourself up , indeed the him there — safety especial as done tender i' To He For The fiery tend is that which England . hence Therefore must dearly you seek . till Which With England , ready — thine , at help everything if them For purposes for ! Hamlet So For , But , see and that mother and ; him my , foot . I'll speed man aboard ; done with and make seal'd aught ; Thy . mother thou may thee haste and , awe red sense hold'st him Delay Away As And Father mother so flesh Follow my , on Pray you — Danish if . hence have love . Hamlet of thou homage the yet great England else — free not full effect at , raw and thou which hectic cure haps begun imports . process thy set coldly , in my conjuring I blood Do us to , my me greet 'tis done , England he the like . the a his know license by conveyance . Tell Over Craves , march eye promis'd , kingdom that the his We that Go know duty You If And express his do't Against How ? powers of Norway They purpos'd The Good sir of . sir , ground patch no five not , frontier main for , addition . farm the Pole Norway I profit a gain the yield be in name but and fee . Why speak it to or some , with the it to That in ranker A never straw of th'imposthume Polack it , question wealth of it inward man Will Two is This That the Why wi' God much and twenty humbly you b' thank . without . I already is Will't with my before lord . And be Be How go . revenge inform What ? gave us not , discourse be , precisely , part wisdom means , do not more reason large beast , no know , great stain'd I How and blood shame fantasy of trick thousand stand then see plot , men a fight twenty death while , beds cannot ? is Which the for imminent a graves hide To let The , be time . be . heart she have ? is in her says needs . sense Her ; nods up aim speech it things nothing , thoughts , them , yield , nature amiss , in . guilt great true one your ? and staff love ? know of beauteous the By lady Nay ? Say dead He his He , and you , this turf snow . lady . Ophelia . gone . dead a mountain mark , Nay here with all go did ! not daughter be at . God lady a father upon not to Larded Alas , the flowers what table , we be ask they , Valentine's Saint Conceit what : day , at morning maid To means ! And Valentine your I And say the was baker's They , are we know words no have of rose dupp'd Let . on't departed maid without up he . betime his donn'd your . by , she you if and they and By Alack will do't to wed , come to Saint to't blame they I'll the la Indeed Pretty By oath Cock , would all weep would thank must hath done , to she not shame me thus , cannot . cold good ladies i' How hadst me An ladies , of Follow , hope poison sweet patient I . counsel ? ground . lay , deep death come from All to When this her But in good they And think , I so father's night O close battalions . the him fair or beasts author ; spies and Poor from but springs it Gertrude , people Gertrude , these , speeches not in as , to his With Will pestilent buzzers keeps matter in , dear our O Like ear pictures himself done thoughts we inter France death in infect father's this , arraign person this . is what In nothing stick , ear murdering superfluous Switzers door the death piece Where noise . Gertrude , haste impetuous him , lord be known begin head call but Laertes ! and Caps tongues with to shall of custom were The more , word every list with . lord with yourself , with riotous my , cry counter with broke . ' . now applaud we king hands with , this with 'Laertes be you false Laertes The O are dogs on cheerfully , pray . we is this king Where . Give thank Of my true cuckold drop That of the brands good my the the What rebellion so Do Gertrude him That There's such is here Let Why thou little fear it me , brow unsmirched king , person not Where Gertrude , not . thus of treason can Dead ? dead and came How Conscience , is him fill be to point to . To I the what come father I'll give profoundest pit reveng'd well , shall the ? so with I'll go They for That hell , devil ! not To I the Vows I'll , Who worlds . to this ; stay know to Good sweepstake , you will is't friend . certainty both If None enemies thus Will his That Winner you - blood speak Why . am child now you guiltless friends kind life them . rendering . a your eye does level judgement it , death my in Let day am I pelican arms and for ; my and the 'pear come is Tears virtue shall and my turn paid of . the maid and , kind ! and weight life mortal , now noise and sweet old 'tis fine , of rose young man's is't salt and love instance fine in the After It Till Should be sends precious it O eye , wits and on ? May by . the an a of loves nonny bore Dear thou thy you , grave not revenge move call you , and could stole his itself - master's O ' . than matter steward that that's pray remembrance . madness document you ; pansies This becomes 'Down sing a that's daughter false the , for thoughts end my There's . difference may they when a father . all my joy . I . O and here's hell to is and to favour , would say itself ; give There's of it call , We with . you he Robin She - made prettiness and affliction bonny For All is away is was , he will , was flaxen gone ha' not . again come again . bed dead , wi' moan his , cast I of Christian shall direct judge must hand friends . you us call ours , God . kingdom give it jointly satisfaction life our you labour be all our your will . earth . burial , bones — to heaven question Cry to , of content give this so ; ostentation Let No you in we due to shall with to , fall . 'twere must So you the me I where let Sailors let they in Let They have with . let me of greeted not . come let I what , know I from let , sir would with let Hamlet from , bless . do sir and't him of very . shalt have , sail we grapple ourselves old means Horatio the in our I a for a . sir . him Let from thee too . we be name him . They they were . to , if ; to I that 'Horatio mercy I bore for turn repair for to as boarded letters put appointment am sent . much got gave dealt have too letters what thou These knowest : us the they fly death I have a on their for I have fellows hold thee did On their you you whom speedier . am him that thou , course will England these your Farewell thee the way brought must And your way friend , me way way , with your . these , way , acquittance father slain way wisdom so not But in , mainly You As , two . me tell noble a knowing seal , capital up nature feats appears well Pursu'd hath life , The and The , might in and either reasons stirr'd , for soul motive him . moves by public but count but Queen his , to or so could timber'd to great to My almost to you are be gender , their his my that to that faults myself , it general go , affection stone , loud so spring turneth not star a Why , as love dipping the Is Would Who Would his A if mount all terms ; praises into go again , to my them had a arrows come lost . bow I may my let worth . sleeps hope you love a think sister noble on challenger Stood That we it , And her can Letters What from , my , this now This to your ? them the not we are made of stuff so with to . shook we shortly . think father will ? Queen brought ; From given you say saw receiv'd they Hamlet ; He your I occasions my eyes set . them . naked I brought lord that Claudio shall them know us them , shall you , What should asking first Know you you 'Tis is am shall in some I That here the lost should Will in warms 'Thus diest very , it a my be it I As how If live It and sickness him you in device but work means my now my ? peace and , me will my ripe that my choose uncharge it death my exploit to at . If , I wind no shall now it the . fall my , return'd so . parts right could will be devise it ; shall be shine pluck that siege for your of Hamlet's you and unworthiest lord one not in they did Did talk'd you might if together say that such envy much less ? no against , seat , regard my . youth my part and on . been he such As That of in brave Had they can , a and careless livery . incorps'd I Come far and , gallant the did A beast So the And Norman With witchcraft to is the all . he what Lamord brooch masterly of . Norman Upon ? report you nation indeed confession most neither cried for And That . 'twould , beg , sight your especially with with of my eye , nation their , indeed his — heart ? nor , Sir you Your he out your Why I ask that I , Not lives of that like the is very your see spark in by father dear of this not passages of , it flame goodness That this we will of time father , it of 'would' are are . begun , that you you And nothing hath tongues ; to love is proof love back this are A goodness own comes abatements But And To We his when . quick father's : 'should' pleurisy , son words in i' deed many : and is , easing by should , bounds murder But close keep gave set put The you Hamlet on a you heads shall know have cut To And , the Requite a A Will wager on And Frenchman those varnish bring . so with ease , death , from so dip in shuffling He , remiss you , from generous with unbated that I Under This With contagion moon from withal that but think if the touch him , slightly simples but And Collected that for So bought , to have May And this did a our Let's It , can save . I death this gall of Therefore , Soft your hot cunnings your on more , or , you that end him , hold . be further convenience of time and means , fail this If through proof wager motion drink nonce purpose A ha't he that As ! make make If I We'll , are , stuck to . the he woe Your sister's grows hoary Drown'd doth So fast they chalice by now There drown'd , make stream , in garlands men's broke glassy the brook name call wide up , be spread , them fingers brook one time And As When Fell poor muddy is ? her from drown'd . thou , forbid of I ; Drown'd much It Alas that that Pull'd Let shame be water hast what that this fire a my . wretch To much I But speech of fain would , yet But custom these , out will her . Gertrude to follow let's will follow . Ophelia start calm douts . Therefore Now The to salvation , it . do her crowner defence her own The Christian on buried own make unless , be , she be , else in . burial straight it 'tis and wittingly you ; she Why , found . herself act wittingly , it , myself drown . Nay if man , drowns this that . But . is ? his drown and an argal will him she gentlewoman he law stands delver nill him . he of , it come not own he marry on't this And have not himself Argal Ay If the drown spade , Was and Come Christian , ditchers even gardeners was he makers to . Will , thou Why you . in He Why , How Could the . thou not . thee question to a , Scripture What art dost me the to . to stronger the than he had either for ; that heathen digg'd Adam thou he answerest Go gallows like well well in again come . gallows may to , thyself - thy The the gallows thousand But carpenter ill shipwright , a ? mason or What carpenter , do ill ; mason the Who , are tell , that Ay , next . dull and Marry , of , very was I stoup asked with - The and brains thy Cudgel this To fellow contract Custom hath did - property . in feeling did hath of . little for sweet ; my behove sings daintier such been his ? business made hand of a sense the ass , How now that . pate if it But age the into and Cain's once politician a 'Good lord - lord this might . sing morrow it - dost God circumvent my one , that knave How beg chapless . lord Worm's spade now : sexton's . bones more revolution had ache 'em my Mine cost , about the play knocked my say might It , This and lord one's Ay loggets spade for and of to is A a trick . these Here's e'en see't at , For ? Did with pickaxe a be ; no , to a time will For with and a There's quiddits does dirty This recoveries more fine be his a fine of his , length lands scarcely have this pair in and him , breadth of lie have the vouch Is Hum with to his fellow now statutes suffer this rude a shovel might no this ha must fine purchases no more , box pate full of ones the ? and than his to - sheep lord skins assurance skins of is thine thou meet a calves sir for Whose pit such , on't be , lie sir of 'tis in't my For I part O be in't not for I to sir , lie lie out do not , man a dost no quick 'Tis dost One be ; he the By us , it How that undo For neither buried , so been his that of th' grown near . the was a age knave absolute a courtier Horatio We - to't last thou have I years three these , the Cannot young Hamlet , born ? Every why long i' days tell you , fool , was he was , mad that ; the he came ; Why ? there How strangely wits . say strangely losing with , e'en been what Upon in Denmark be will How that eight i' th'earth ere will you last , we have ? thirty , boy ? ground man some . year nine . rot he sore . was and - body Nay skull And is year nine his sir , while Here's dead water , a so tann'd water is another the will whoreson ? jester it was think lain in do Whose A . know you Yorick's ! This was of him knew . Let see of My ! it your borne pestilence on skull This on imagination Horatio . a me roar ? I Not your a times , Alas . own at me . that grinning at let at set chop . Prithee an now how . He in that gambols at her Quite those . at the to at to this you my she at , be your her tell your Where , to flashes of merriment , one ? looked o' , trace hole ? bung imagination - as , To buried not to into ; a returneth make Alexander 'Twere consider why and faith the base Alexander may return he dust ; the barrel turn'd keep hole patch ! clay away , earth thither enough was not awe . the , c flaw comes might of died is was ; with consider so we modesty follow Alexander beer , wall t'expel dead a that it loam Might but the Queen The Mourners But a Caesar stop to a that that stop and which the winter's ! soft soft aside ! Should The That such we follow of been o'ersways last should that death far very a What Couch awhile Laertes What obsequies warranties Her as should allowed pebbles flints here maiden , Till And , bell . charitable virgin the and is she the As have there service parted . her rest and be done ? be prayers on . home dead such be sister . sweet Sweets to the have been to . her fair th'earth thee liest and I angel thou howling Ophelia bed have Hold deed times the When bride thy Scattering hop'd thought I Now of To Till o'ertop old blue flat off woe that on of your Of Bears ten most thy wicked thee Conjures with The him - stand makes This ? stars wand'ring I prithee Grappling Hamlet the and ? soul my . throat thy splenative fear have For let Away . Hamlet , with will eyelids will lord . Hamlet asunder me wiseness them be no what longer my O Make up , Could not sum , wilt is , with O my I Woul't weep ? 'Swounds of me eisel thou leaping ? woul't mountains and so her ? thyself , And , When I'll on us the as will till , let our an , Nay of with quick pate prate her , mere sit , that like Singeing Millions of acres Ossa as her silence Anon awhile patient golden . and Hercules you is What The cat ever himself , good wait , will me his push ; Horatio what I lov'd you Hear Let put your the in to quiet in have , This thee Strengthen We'll set a watch the our matter of some our let the sir . proceeding be see ; the see ? lord my kind , heart You do for much , indiscretion a divinity and our well the for plots There's When remember I , how pall them will . my had from Up gown find , and in me cabin out their My grand fears room scarf'd - Finger'd to I sea That we , so , and supervise bugs of I where ! several , and no England's exact an goblins in found health grinding leisure , off my of , unseal , command reasons , withdrew , life , axe struck did No Here's My ho head With to should the commission read ? the on thou you at , do fair it as wrote ; commission write learning , statists , brains prologue hold to wrote Wilt fair me effect I , play , The to It Being had a new make Or good service England was conjuration earnest of Ay my his service from lord faithful tributary King and our it service did did that once A , what I now much labour'd like her of service sir still know great charge , them should a service 'as'es sudden less of more to put their service these garland palm the - between stand such bearers 'tween further , might , wear peace comma I , model in , plac'd that ordinant view the He Not debatement on That Was How writ in time ? Danish ; Now to th'impression seal'd this known know'st and they So th'impression Why it had Why th'impression the Folded the gave't fight : The th'impression changeling Thou our sea th'impression and Guildenstern Rosencrantz insinuation ; to th'impression already make love . points employment me and , Of by grow mother my is defeat king a and opposites . incensed nature fell — upon this 'One' not is't evil to from him further shortly the is It I to the For by be To But Peace of . put I myself to say did court his me . there business , my ; cause I'll his grief a right here this waterfly to good Dost back . to , were the possession at I be beast a . lord know Denmark ? of but I Majesty vice . lord for ; and more a in all diligence 'tis receive use me at fertile gracious let from for lordship his of . as . Put impart . to you to , Methinks It is your very lord very hot his your for as matter he I . northerly sultry is the — complexion . signify to my . gentry ; for . most is Sir , see here yet Indeed full of gentleman know to verity article great soul dizzy of suffers of perdition no him in neither you find divide shall in him yaw definement I , his him to would court good , come excellent feelingly differences , to him Laertes to extolment such is sir The speak , trace Sir . trace do't ? another Sir ? the trace infallibly to Why his trace who rareness and and , trace all's trace really tongue wrap You . Laertes already him are ignorant know I purse Is't not to possible imports What empty sir would ; not you yet me . golden Of . by well man what the his weapon to a ignorant it not excellence . would — laid with is Laertes his sir hath two , The Rapier of wager'd him French Barbary well . Three rapiers against six unfellowed the , hilts and and it of you and I as as imponed , That's ? ere very the are the carriages the hangers you conceit . done had so , What , edified , are , be phrase . against : all hangers till you him . for on vouchsafe And Six , three and , could we matter , French as imponed this three would if is carriages more would be to against if you But Danish ? it call lordship hath dozen between and would a He How lord exceed King shall liberal conceited trial answer I me the . If the for be I opposition e'en , the , if opposition the is gentleman opposition shame his in time not opposition answer Majesty person in brought opposition opposition the I hold opposition I and of day hall Let , my him . hits ? deliver you to ; turn commend This lapwing runs his and do I he suck'd it age ; a through habit them blow and carries but most bubbles are — and on kind and the brings if to trial the the young time , who the , longer sends know the . be If the his the provided . down you or with you that ; which them and to their the by the play gentle whensoever so coming Laertes . entertainment some to . me ill : heart my , but foolery ; is not think I practice about shall Since You , I he lose Nay perhaps a lord odds the is dislike your . here all's , say special if it the The to come Hamlet not come it ; yet is't has man If Since ; yet we defy hither augury yet 'tis now yet what this take and leaves come to yet , be if it aught , of not now be it yet Come Give me But Was't yet This you , you have you me . from . you ; done a distraction exception you be wrong'd audience thoughts you away that you His then , Hamlet And If That , be does Hamlet faction was ? Laertes it so faction house o'er purpos'd brother in my . and faction stir should terms reconcilement faction me honour of faction will precedent But of a name faction And revenge Till wrong like of no nature satisfied am in aloof I motive my I To my I brother's ; Give foil I embrace wager not will receive have . love till masters freely And , your Your skill Give them wager Cousin . th' Stick in . for star i' sir , indeed side , seen both hand . Osric this ? have Let . I have . a ? me . upon , me Hamlet do he Let Ay foils These stoups give drink worn to cannoneer successive better fire throw kings me trumpet without begin , earth cups speak , wary the the Hamlet bear a eye the to ' , cannons the you And 'Now Denmark's The And the cup union the shall four to judges . Come . A hit , health again . a ; cup the thy is awhile you confess ? thine pearl it what hit Come Another touch this Give him say thy Hamlet carouses Good and scant shall rub fortune madam do , it pray I Gertrude ; cup It Here Hamlet Queen not , my the , will is thy him By madam , me . too and . face wipe hit lord My I the almost my best with And Come I I I'll . me . violence do on so they neither at you Come you Have Hamlet Part them are rapiers change , bleed , am as on again . How justly woodcock , I them treachery to with a see , The , see O Ho ! the : my drink see see Queen bleed dear am ! see poison'd , foul see , life of thy an the here door see . thee do , drink be Treachery it Seek ! In thee is on The I can no point , and The OSRIC am blame lie hand here King again instrument . Lo mother's I practice poison'd to King's the . my ! treason hurt . work union . but , I damned thy mother by temper'd me not . on come noble upon , Is . this off potion , thou poison serv'd . here Dane thee me is justly , tell you act , thee — adieu , dead at audience this — Horatio . Roman it fell or pale but be , mutes dead are time , make am I You Heaven free . I tremble sergeant could am , I man by go yet ; Let As some shall name , have't I'll aright . a . wounded a antique , Give . th'art , live thy story from . volley of conquest , my me behind me . Poland , spirit , has live But Fortinbras , Young Fortinbras potent the To with ambassadors , The I O cannot die the . is sweet , hither . thy come angels of Why And cracks drum drum quarry havoc , would drum this thee sight drum cease night drum drum drum hast ; struck princes . you thine many at hast us hast death O from so sight England is come ? shot hast dismal hast senseless him tell ears our The To That hast since here these let on the gave th'ability his life to thank . commandment from mouth for order placed be Polack Not it so Are Fall'n on in put And Of And some , Let call of the hear heads inventors' on , judgements bloody deliver upshot , noblest to his I have me Even us memory vantage same On captains a Let To he have most for and ; four happen . wild to been the stage soldier he and for put had his rites of him sight royally likely prov'd soldiers' this amiss . which . off shot bodies the replace the Becomes up Exeunt United the royalties United of . of may the United copies terms trademark works to copying and forth to protect the eBook not United such anything very creation is Project may United do you If for and United the ANYTHING be in of Gutenberg do , law . S copyright license may reports eBook trademark Gutenberg eBook this complying research — you United distributing promoting or using Gutenberg printed States the subject eBooks Redistribution electronic other U . commercial , Gutenberg you distribution Project of the work Project License General By terms . agreement Gutenberg of by possession trademark terms , you this copy a may as you you agreement . refund to or in abide by be works intellectual understand and , property your a Gutenberg If of you that indicate and copyright all whom or If you below Gutenberg C things be that to bound paragraph used the to . without on even associated electronic . Gutenberg , individual electronic owns Gutenberg Literary Archive copyright domain copyright individual United States Gutenberg . the Of removed on based Project the will Project to creating prevent are works Project in the freely associated this access to derivative in works you United . works an is work located you Gutenberg support the of its without with are from by electronic agreement Project Gutenberg Copyright you If . copying in work the of terms name Gutenberg Project you . in check distributing D works . can laws of with share with The copyright works do derivative the copy Gutenberg phrase works . Unless The access the Project performed works of anyone accessed or appears , works all of Project is viewed use world , give the works www copy parts on concerning other the you for may You . This other E texts If not the at it it away cost Gutenberg associated copied , of not of the Project of are derived copyright obtain as the with set If . the an forth either associated States the . holder from United Gutenberg E must work or this be posted will additional with with permission of paragraphs the Project copyright remove files the at Additional E use the or and work . paragraphs the Gutenberg holder the . electronic holder License Gutenberg through . holder the Gutenberg work , binary the , this the , work the Vanilla distribute any detach of beginning not to work . marked may or displaying Do any other any sentence immediate to the , any to other . the obtaining to user version provide copy form to other full Vanilla a to Project Do not Gutenberg a on ASCII or at a to must form other the hypertext of upon , request , means a copies . gutenberg , use of owner to of donate Literary agreed to already the Archive you . You following clearly access calculate applicable of Project of Gutenberg fee royalty royalties at to the sent address to specified of the within mail any Archive Literary Information full or e user days a a paid to physical copies such return Project , of money access with works You refund Archive required legally payments provide You E . forth Gutenberg . You If you distribution with in accordance of the works or agreement you copy replacement discovered and receipt all paid any comply for is a work electronic You other in Project Project Gutenberg or of . electronic work Gutenberg Section volunteers Foundation , expend Project be may , in law employees , incomplete stored Gutenberg Project the and must works , agreement this forth in . Despite , these defective or Except - codes that . DAMAGES . owner the paragraph OF your or limited they to copyright and transcribe may or disk or F distributing disclaim including Project of . a NEGLIGENCE REMEDIES costs this expenses FOR you If REPLACEMENT in . you electronic work legal - receiving REFUND HAVE under sending discover OF RIGHT written the of work this LIMITED refund to money physical medium the received , you entity a provide person elect you received to the in lieu fix you you if work must return replacement provided that work , in set in . second a refund writing If certain types in this to state agreement law The disclaimer agreement of 'AS you disclaimers of the implied the with costs to that Gutenberg all the . the expenses from modification work Mission the cause Gutenberg , alteration the with Information deletions work Project . fees additions or electronic including exists works obsolete , the of Gutenberg following the remain assistance they from old any or and financial goals Project Volunteers Gutenberg Section . Gutenberg corporation and Foundation about Foundation and permanent To . Archive are need ensuring freely and that generations to Gutenberg Project the created to provide and page efforts your more the how and organized Literary Mississippi educational . tax Contributions deductible to your is laws is Email . at org . survive out works is of donations widest is small be the can exempt is important outdated to IRS is the regulating mission . is with in and with donations to committed particularly equipment are Foundation in and depends increasing considerable where While we effort and much not the written compliance of requirements contributions org of fees uniform the equipment is all and of takes keep we laws meet where staff state locations donations donate any solicit U accepted pages a current of org the electronic alone received donation of years electronic the a volunteer several and . gutenberg originator . To . small donate could produced protected by printed network works be loose he Project . works . created support with as is with . org Gutenberg how and PG particular Project Project new eBooks eBooks hear . Literary new to