yourself ! King ? answer . Barnardo . Stand Who's Stand unfold . Stand Stand Stand bitter . at thanks . 'Tis ? to Stand bed had this carefully He 'Tis now The twelve . Get . make watch night stirring mouse Horatio , a quiet heart haste Who ? Marcellus , this the I O honest to . farewell you night good Give hath night ? good . Horatio is piece , have nothing Horatio , this thing . Marcellus tonight but twice have , seen again Welcome him seen of to this night take our . him 'twill not your , tush , Tush Touching will And Well That two nights down . of Barnardo sit us down story , of all this , heaven part the , burns it The his star Last same night from that westward one comes again . of warlike night buried heaven ? the Together sometimes Did What Question me harrows By fair Horatio , Denmark thee . speak ! speak I and You ! 'Tis Is ! God Before Without ! He twice before , and by . our I not ; opinion strange sit , bodes thought he scope eruption to strict , tell work at watch , most implements , whose the this the Sunday - of such and daily be night not Does Why And And So subject of and and now this mart impress make is't can joint divide foreign why nightly such shipwrights brazen war sore haste day Our . Fortinbras most by law and world our by in who life a least , combat Fortinbras know , by appear'd us , pride Norway compact cov'nant esteem'd , all Fortinbras , other , same design'd the , is no some resolutes enterprise hand state which unto foresaid lands take . head : the watch in watch watch and , preparations watch other that watch so this but watch watch - this think Well I and is high stood trains watch squeak stars whose the and tenantless mightiest fell dead , fierce of precurse to ; fire the the these wars . demonstrated on moist again illusion , sound it I'll But almost influence with , earth Unto it , the harbingers climatures , Speak . me , use it done ! thy of , be . Stay to , thou hast any grace to fate avoid oft walk ! may thing and , ease do privy me country's , speak ! life earth Marcellus thou hast the you , in womb in partisan stand with it 'Tis ! do mockery , the as the show ! crew heard at to throat , erring and fire , of or . And on , Saviour's is singeth dawning of bird The Some , our are they Wherein faded the , ever crowing of , object , say takes , say , hath then This It And But have hallow'd and nights heard , so do of dew the tonight believe it , know morning , and our befitted whole of that him on think so be To Therefore Yet To The of , with , us . nature kingdom our now ourselves with , equal one jointress Or follows With Have With Lost Our hath most our for much . of and supposal know . you dear all which have we Fortinbras of for , Fortinbras writ , law here bonds much have . worth brother's advantage : hears meeting lands with his pester brother the fail'd with , him of to to ; herein and to this Cornelius , further , of King you Giving business Of ; And nothing what's the Dane , with , Laertes is't reason wouldst What . voice And that In us , We and That your of thou my not shall The hand wouldst To though to lord my must my leave show thou not some suit . heart ? Laertes thy not the , asking , to the father , Denmark France to coronation says Polonius . done toward slow my leave me last and leave wishes bend ? be son leave and from hard my give Laertes ; to wrung seal'd at . consent thine the nighted colour friend thy eye Hamlet little , fair thy do best my less you . my than sun on hang am in , with like father for Seek know'st Do let Good cast thy is ? not . vailed look ever a the eternity , grief visage in forc'd of seem , woe all These your Hamlet truly windy , dejected actions that trappings and but For To sweet denote which of ; of eye , suits the and your a survivor , some course is a unmanly 'Tis condolement stubbornness . and for , your lost , mind heart simple In obstinate , must mourning , filial obsequious most incorrect to persevere the , nature father will in be know understanding That obligation impious a most heart Why any An As earth to throw and We absurd dead , first the it Take Is death be This As Than 'This unprevailing ' fathers are with no , the to . corse , the a And that impart back beseech we And It most dearest father . school to , cousin you stay thy comfort and to bears our in you chiefest the in , thee gentle pray my go her cheer courtier Be This in mother Our Let shall 'tis ourself great the But jocund rouse the solid itself had not dew melt O this the - the thunder Come clouds heaven into O . God and , flesh fie ; That Oh seed months Fie Possess grows on't self and , How it it By me it Let it it it it to So Hyperion her Visit Frailty Frailty Had left With Frailty married Frailty My little on't Frailty — or she , mourn'd A all Niobe Frailty It She not , glad am I to see myself ever , Horatio And And faith , you to A very But I Marcellus that I'll change , you my what yourself truant , glad But Nor would was Indeed lord funeral it Horatio , it , me My I , met my not Thrift Did coldly thrift Or eye my . all again a goodly was , mind's — Where my ; his in Horatio once man your an Season With The My I shall lord Saw the Two My Upon For God's nights . them and stately fear and , figure of their gentlemen he they speak truncheon's jelly the ; and oppress'd length act : cap A together and thus Been dead had these waste by like the In Almost , Goes Armed at exactly Appears third dumb In , of Form By slow not to third kept both and , This the your . like third third ? did I made lord are third had as third third at Itself And even then my 'Tis To , you we indeed , MARCELLUS and the of our true me troubles lord . BARNARDO watch know let say Both saw lord , Then , do , you . tonight to top yes From lord my . foot . up long amaz'd there . you been had would , like I very have ? MARCELLUS I saw't , haste might . noble I it my It was grizzled silver'd life ; sight this though . I silence shall else whatsoever bid me warrant Perchance I'll to father's person gape . you hap and . I'll duty your to , spirit loves would arms in mine My requite And an it Upon will Give the still earth them , to deeds were well Our Your ! the is visit as , rise will you foul the , you doubt that and fashion the in violet sweet of minute nature blood favour from toy primy lasting of trifling me is convoy the , more The , And let it perfume Hold , For nature bulk crescent ; Think For more but no now of his is for be and act to he so particular wisdom . health ; weigh'd himself himself and therefore It the the , subject to his do , persons this of on depends circumscrib'd of far you must fits what To lose too heart give is May Or If your with keep of chariest in Ophelia Fear Youth shall not to th'effect some best , itself Show the Do to watchman I my heart this . and thorny good pastors way and of path steep puff'd not me . recks primrose his But a then wary A is long I Himself smiles Laertes Nor And character , thought their no his thoughts my for of aboard , sail you . quarrel thy and tried . act steel of entertainment , voice of hoops with means adoption , station : the night self false as to : Neither a For Are And each man's thy the Costly express'd habit thy rich the rank lord this season I loan The This Thou Farewell Most And shall keep memory , Farewell What , blessing humbly my leave , do take my in you yourself have Ophelia your servants well . tend of it Lord said , 'Tis If Have What to Hamlet you the : and of you time so way of — audience told he something is't you , most so understand ? tenders you . truth made such , 'tis been to hath oft very ; and must clearly up to . and caution do As He in not Affection do Marry Do his my you these yourself the phrase affection ! Pooh Unsifted you Or Which I'll know That , believe of a he thus , you are , wind , for yourself think tenders true dearly . to , I prodigal burns to almost to — hath given countenance may the , In you lord hath . fashion , to go the a . as heat : holy his extinct this Hamlet , brokers walk In you his with so Believe Not implorators of suits show , believe all , is Lord higher From both ; young he , bawds is , slander plain like But of dye This the come any ; moment . and their tether ; given be better , in vows Do The would to Look As I I bites charge I words or shall The It is nipping ; struck It wont then ; air it ; cold air . lacks out my season the ? draughts tonight does The wassail drains drum and trumpet , rouse upspring thus mind the to my Is Ay And though though From though their oft though with takes men particular nature though chances of indeed revel tax'd drunkards , though and headed breach I am a observance : though though , in not , o'erleavens men defect these much too pales manners , plausive as general — fault his lord Angels and of of spirit ministers a thee airs thy thou Bring Doth From my , own substance us from ! comes defend ! me jaws mean , this the hearsed ignorance . from Thou Be to thee wicked such intents speak me thy Wherein Hath cast burst canoniz'd cerements , quietly inurn'd in of the again and shake reaches our fools disposition should it we , do glimpses , and glimpses the ? go alone glimpses a it removed desire glimpses action ground . with means glimpses you do But glimpses it To some to beckons As not It will what a my do for Being not , thing again me what toward immortal as of dreadful tempt to That if It And other into horrible reason ? can I'll follow itself . it sovereignty Think of cliff , sea the flood it that fee a at of it form brain , And beetles his some . of base you The so looks Without very your , my still thee hands not . roar And hears me the sea go off My each rul'd ; Hold And Be as Unhand him me . lets , the make ! am I'll away waxes call'd makes I , By Still after . To rotten 'tis in direct the I say is Heaven will obey come . not Something follow , let's . Denmark this state go ? Mark , me Speak no . further tormenting serious . unfold to hear Must render ghost ! when ? father's am a I the day foul the Till tell purg'd But that fast days - house in walk to . away unfold my in my blood , fires the to part , end to hair stand fretful ! spheres , nature porpentine not , O , on O didst thou If flesh But knotted combined the blood quills particular ; soul a could Are each thy thy To his as ; unnatural murder of . thoughts the that most this foul foul As me I to my revenge , I with as ; the Lethe ear orchard , hear . Denmark death my of thou thy know process the whole noble . soul that witchcraft Ay wicked to ! and wit So The will what won my , a whose in seeming , love gifts , with that adulterate traitorous — be ; will poor mov'd , orchard , never it a as my stole a did pour , vial . within of distilment enmity quicksilver the crust milk ; mine into it courses alleys . and of disappointed Unhous'led I lazar The thin and most it of doth droppings sudden vigour vile loathsome , body queen my All of sleeping , No If With not mother , incest bed thee on horrible head , this Denmark ! sent to , dispatch'd ; Remember , adieu matin thee her her soul , once near me adieu to her , for couch I you , host Adieu shall the pale his leave the ! at to heaven . the that thorns O heaven you the O And saws of all , wipe youth from distracted poor all the 'gins the of couple hell away and volume woman smiling , smile villain O one Unmix'd my , my brain ; all copied ! damned is may be Now , smile I most O may My , uncle and . are 'Adieu , it least , villain by set pernicious matter Yes . Meet and you , I and be a . ' word . have I My . Heaven secure . Hamlet Within Within , Illo boy Come ho ! him come , lord lord . it tell , wonderful ! Good Nor No , you'll , my , lord , heart you'll would I Ay How say by an villain dwelling knave , lord tell you are from ; you and circumstance more at shake business — you but sorry There's , that is my heartily Touching Patrick but no Yes Saint honest Horatio . you here , this , ghost may you an as you by to friends What scholars We . and lord desire , my poor . know offence O'ermaster't is't make and HORATIO lord , we will not . but will And let , Nay swear't not faith , faith In my , My , I already . in , my Upon my sword , the so this . truepenny cellarage . you that , my the . indeed Swear . Art in oath thou swear ? seen . ground . sword Swear we'll again this upon my have th'earth good friends wondrous Horatio come , on think help But — but as a heaven in remove this . you never phrase note to out and and to help most pronouncing know' list , we to of 'There — not if 'We you do my , grace you So That 'If With 'Well Nay is out , come Give shall , notes , Reynaldo . and to it . inquiry Reynaldo they ; some demands , very mark his , this father his my may ' and you lord knowledge distant ' I . very so Addicted But Ay And part As , sir him 'I Than , part What As ; rank him wild that . swearing ; say and , so forgeries may ; companions and , that another scandal of outbreak the savageness and : of taints breathe you or would is seem in Of A That The not unreclaimed assault good this so fiery should , sir here's my , son warrant of my on i' drift that . you you sound little a in converse in you consequence you him , breathe you or ' or this ; you the you — you ; be , slight it , the At By He then the 'closes , gaming out the him saw he with him with closes enter , the ; the , do bait a , the brothel was He , There the So indirections assays forth and , at or this carp sale' , the ; t'other know , such 'I the in gentleman , you as , say now yourself in you b' wi' you lord My And now With Ophelia Alas my , in what , Hamlet , Ungart'red lord , as with his his chamber piteous he been so comes me , affrighted , sewing doublet to - down his his as Lord he horrors , He me What , love To with his speak My As if of know would , rais'd his head . did As And it And Then And He to doors with sigh to seem seem'd out the o' find he light without his up so their eyes I is with to And his go , undertakings love on , of am I our the does afflict natures property of late as , and you . good His his given you go This . violent me the Whose As will lord repel oft as him access That sorry I As That that thee fear'd heed did my age ! opinions sort to go as is wreck meant beyond is cast known be lack To common ourselves proper he and mad with hath not to It had am quoted discretion More it , I did , put him to , it man should to , humour to to to him to our and your him remedy afflicts our of you much are not please you us of majesties by time Than your dread time the Put We , power pleasures time up our To ourselves both time more Rosencrantz time Might time and instantly gentle full Guildenstern commanded and Thanks changed much , Thanks And bring beseech I son you Go to . obey to give lay be gentle . practices of father I , as , King , liege of brain this trail to do Both still been duty and my — do cause very think hath The speak O of My us'd hold And news fruit policy to you my or the , I that admittance bring and queen all to first Give do source , me tells other friends good , first levies 'gainst which look'd his preparation a nephew's To But against better be our , Say Welcome fair , Voltemand he sent to him appear'd ; suppress desires to out ; Highness your into borne which he his against and never in his impotence , his obeys his fee , annual with before an his it On might And Answer , his are It more and you think your his well this upon at home together : well is likes for Most , night . labour expostulate and , to ended is time mad . madness of time pity , figure art now with no effect defect with . thus cause this 'tis true all ; with art art foolish And of . obedience have and with say grant true I for , find we effect cause then A with he But And mad with cause let farewell . 'tis 'tis pity For this rather it will use , most idol , the gather the , defective the remains in Hath the To celestial an , and , vile my : awhile stay , Came Ophelia I dear But Thine I that . best lady in means , solicitings ear by above All But how to his hath this , mine given more fell of she would I When so . show'd me me I this it told hot what tell , queen , daughter my my I the Majesty play'd desk a your this love what mute , look'd Or perceiv'd prove dear Or As Or Before I If 'Lord Hamlet be bespeak did , messengers , Admit she not must should , lock And prince a . the thence — make advice , know , know if I positively such been That have When a be 'tis ''Tis . were it , though me try I I there Take You he time I an my and be And Be a such Here sometimes we may At encounter Let me But , look I'll board sadly will We poor comes reading O good Lord - the try does a lord a fishmonger leave , Do I honest , of That's ten this Honest be . are . a , a . sun not th' sun For her , sir the How me you . at say walk ? he in i' daughter . Still harping blessing , but not Yet . to't , fishmonger youth I again to What Words slave who ? my matter words , lord lord Between that and ; beards with - tree believe potently Slanders Will you you that yourself , sir the matter says it ; gum All be of yet not , wrinkled sir , crab you , thick lack it is there backward , this sir weak most you Aside , are cannot You , withal , I well , my life part . reason and you willingly . Polonius to from , you These suddenly contrive My sir except , old ? favours her of . strumpet . honest ? me the lord th' is Then there either prison . one a Denmark's thinking then ; goodly Denmark which there being so think to it God infinite I space be , makes were , indeed Truly beggars' . our bodies and but not it is dreams I ambition but so a A dream , are th' ROSENCRANTZ like will sort man of I such matter way beaten the , I thanks should What But to inclining poor dear a ; halfpenny free , lord ? sent craft not there and for have you is Queen for sent conjure me , end the know I consonancy , even direct To direct charge - direct teach me of youth dear better you direct me direct of . no anticipation heavily direct you why o'erhanging forgone all custom this ; that congregation , promontory my feather all Queen my . your me look so to , King know indeed and to the not , goes , and noble in a how express how yet like how , moving and form , paragon of animals ? by , lord did think lord shall hither the , if you Why the receive from they be adventurous king gratis shall shall . her those the man freely players delight What humorous say for't you ? whose they whose means whose their think I whose inhibition whose Do hold whose the they the the the — so These them come thither fashion and the Will the wearing many scarce the sir top the — How sing the , question not escoted , wonted ? little tyrannically the are , afterwards , has tarre them to exclaim them much poet controversy do 'em no unless question possible the . a to while , in the money they say them no wrong holds , they there sin has Hercules load ? of brains for , carry . carry natural it carry boys been is carry strange do Do that very Gentlemen you carry of there , is not would carry a mouths make fairly carry welcome outward But more uncle extent are garb are but north , north be handsaw . wind lord ? each of a deceived . I which aunt and father mad my appear from what my - Guildenstern - west you . news Roscius When was . tell so they old is . actor . lord to actors have sir , lord The either pastoral heavy historical , nor - his actor each my in the actors writ Seneca - of , daughter treasure fair which passing The unlimited Jephthah Still loved on daughter my , more lord ? ' and , right i' my , that . lord by then , chanson pass you most came It of the to What lot and As pious The . masters to O lady gold We'll speech a . French passionate my , Come thee , heard caviare We'll of piece are all . speak above not to whose play , of affectation I such . for , cunning the author matter in judgements loved chiefly It at . much line it he , in the , with a . And To their blood of vile With gules Old murders in wrath damned parching gules Roasted tyrannous o'ersized , So gules Priam the . seeks and the mothers That gules gules eyes proceed , finds . gules command Anon short his to to at the father whiff and . with senseless flaming Ilium , it match'd rage blow and For lo a . the milky , crash . of , falls sword wide , stick sword , i' his th'air Pyrrhus and stand thunder dreadful the after ; sets hammers a Pyrrhus' - forg'd work the , vengeance the rack pause , still storm anon speechless new and so bleeding fall the to nave This low the synod and Fortune ! her . fiends hill heaven . flames head threat'ning ? upon and for the Run But the barefoot up A o'erteemed that . rheum down and stood lank in state Pyrrhus sword clamour the in colour the burst would not at all , limbs sport venom up , pronounc'd — burning with mincing instant Would no the bestowed and out are were report speak , abstracts to desert chronicles than their after dignity them . bad Do players more . rest the the I'll of brief a . honour own is after and Take tomorrow Murder The play . your man their , desert them your study . lord could You thou less they Ay We'll or lines night a down not mock you ? not you Can friend and not , Elsinore . welcome to leave some not a insert I'll look him not you . not his not this ye in so own . are not am , his dream and my friends You Now am I alone , nothing Hecuba ! suiting ? Hecuba ? eyes For do would , I , the cue all whole distraction working his visage wan'd aspect , to What , his forms John Confound , dreams muddy and can very That have ? the He motive to , he That Make say . A The general for , for passion , peak . appal with , eyes of the the guilty ignorant , the cleave the Yet this it lie it , the ere and : does across ! gall Who ? take it and property nothing - Who damn'd whose made breaks Am I coward a . most dear me bitter this blows the me bitter in my lungs the I have treacherous revenge , bitter by a unpack like am Oh what bitter I ! This or - offal the scullion ! of bitter I heaven of hell with words bitter heart , soul cunning the the , will these no have most is a Fie creatures the most miraculous though . I'll I'll very , a like , And fall - guilty A a that my speak players presently have at malefactions ; father have observe If , potent damn such have spirit . so struck Been With They have uncle , shape and the of conscience King me I May the devil that seen have power of this confusion quiet lunacy puts cause can all on his , distracted means some to sounded , speak ? madness forward will by aloof ? of like receive a forcing in him fell so you Most question to any our . much , but . disposition , demands court already him have about a that certain ? reply pastime way . him they before play , They seem did on it in matter see the to true Majesties . unseen Her , closely sent further delights , too us shall he ourselves , Ophelia accident espials here Hamlet by lawful , for encounter 'twere as . behav'd is love for . your virtues cause . book , so colour shall honours his to Madam I it Gracious Ophelia To here you show . too much walk , Ophelia I Is The Than That ; opposing more heart to is ache end by a sleep the To ? them arms and 'tis or the mind to troubles of — say to die thousand to natural consummation sleep , 'tis of suffer , that is we off so of . man's life scorns the delay , spurns , come contumely , the , proud of office oppressor's who The The The he ? merit himself and the that To That pangs But grunt traveller makes conscience Thus With And Is Than And fly And o'er enterprises this great pale we that cowards know resolution moment now thought of , does ; you your fair for My lord never have for remembrances now of re for gave , thank honour , a for well , for . breath sweet well lost for . fair My lord ! discourse your admit your your lordship your from your transform should no your than sooner honesty your time translate gives ? old not you believe once love . power the did made loved . more was . but yet thou borne not I I me breeder be my virtue for ; me had , you . our I things proud and ways ? us , it . I could to beck me Why better ambitious ; nunnery thee that thoughts them . them should , honest mother imagination offences give of than very to earth to crawling I such all . At knaves as , that . dowry escape calumny them . make thy not Farewell him ! God enough restore given , you . needs marry I mad married as , You wantonness you , all nunnery but your and a To . made another God's no nickname make lisp face . Go I'll more Th'expectancy of , and , scholar's fair state wretched eye of mind rest , and , you to , shall soldier's rose a and fashion I that I His ? T'have Was not which his do like , melancholy There's in disclose speed in , danger affections seen I his , form a brood on hatch quick with determination for I ? Ophelia said , do , what us tell it fit , after Hamlet his yet well do origin himself fashion Madness It shall must not be Your send so If ; great in conference ones think . players the you a passion offends , tear groundlings , acquire , the word the , be anything at the end up the both , image , overdone to . special the make , or very but players be must , there that of men made , having , journeymen the praise man neither , and , hope I Christian heard theatre pagan we have set nor others grieve — reform altogether , in . the be though laugh more O too to in considered is it , well reform'd they to the fool Will the King hear , make . work of the play pitiful be . my this piece ? presently . my GUILDENSTERN lord ! a thou my sweet e'en conversation , lord Here We will do thee advancement hast I the good hope tongue To Horatio e'er not my lord pregnant let , from thee , but Why the and feed That revenue clothe O think thy ? was distinguish hast finger - are those her Dost poor hear , For that and thou knee , been co well And election ? of mingled that him . and in ay comment If unkennel ; seen . King me please what core sound That my There I have told thee see'st one have foul his both And prithee scene in ; we imaginations Give will stithy . of rivet will eyes my And he we whilst steal If aught detecting coming whilst They Rosencrantz i' whilst nothing whilst I Excellent whilst whilst - crammed the a place , and . Get you Queen King others : these chameleon's To th'university lord Caesar have nor mine : this No Polonius , and you was , was my did me I . you , I capital ? say ? a accounted I did was What enact th' ? by . that patience your sit King shall my head lord upon lap ? To , I ho do in . a That's you think What lord lie to , Nothing my . lord my thought is fair I lord ? two . my father black I'll Then for and his or year O But , ' devil ! great he the and kneels She , Queen - the him him . him neck show memory let die churches , of unto protestation leaves her 'For else ; Lays Queen , returns . some three dead body is carried comes King's comes the , asleep or and he bank a in Mutes . but in , fellow and again passionate Poisoner The , him upon embracing He takes . pours poison down , and , makes ears dead King in four seems . the ; my . show to they tell : I'll . counsel keep you mark tragedy . your our , your this Is We , naught you him us tell Will you'll . what to show , play clemency prologue Neptune's And world hath thirty the Since wash Hymen thirties been did , with Tellus' and most sacred . so love sun the , me be bands sheen , gone ground , salt As woman's So thirty dozen About Full from lord and , made moons have count o'er ere commutual you are your aught , my For So , Where Faith And Discomfort what Now fear from I little my as my great proof know , fear : kind as world shortly too there behind — the marriage second The in this haply let . love of , Wormwood that , none husband me let Such do what let slave what time kill husband let validity memory speak bed in . kill'd let but but of respects Aside let believe But I but determine , oft we my , dead move you to is . joy , destroy themselves grief the what ourselves pay Most fall unshaken when we purpose passion to 'tis , unripe like is the that , not . fortunes slender most accident . either 'tis strange us , should with our on lament change . tend fortune doth enemies his friends on never friend , nor ; grief for loves is Grief think are wills orderly who hitherto Directly But That For great The shall love mark yet fortune favourite try , love . own ; their none overthrown our destroy of hope night . light are I end to thou thoughts earth anchor's If Both 'Tis deeply sworn Ophelia once spirits Meet Each cheer she and sleep here ever me that opposite thy between mischance . this Sleep never , you The tedious day come heard jest , Marry do the there her in't image the o' wife play ; offence no call the have ; see majesty This The done , that jade between chorus to , if . love you are piece I lord withers souls free our lord , would I You It , you groaning worse doth , bellow . the puppets see damnable . collected seeing and , take raven . leave revenge ; shall see The of gets for's choice His anon how time thrice and natural ban rank season is th'garden life estate . usurp written Italian frighted the very and extant What , How Give me All light ? lord Give Lights fares weep , go ; must sleep , of with in cry , deer . Away lights lights roses — the A Jove himself , This dost Half fellowship very , now rhymed have and O dismantled reigns know Of one whole A For O good You . a the , the belike , history whole sir — note . not , retirement sir , marvellous lord ? of . you him with word a the to plunge perhaps not , from put wildly ; more would . sir spirit me it your . my your into him more so , pronounce great , hath will right I , not wholesome Sir . But , such mother answer — say , you you say into and amazement sequel bed to you closet this so speak at the heels thus no , shall command of you . admiration ! struck her My hath mother go ere Have But you . is ? her ten she so And shall We own liberty if voice of the griefs surely the bar friend is . your toil do , proverb . deny your distemper I you the be your , lack Denmark the have in with withdraw if — the me ? my you would is this play bold grass me Believe do I me , cannot . I touch : it mouth and with will discourse cannot breath Look . skill thing command But lying with how now you seem to would sound make you voice this , though am I of . think top You out would most you sir you speak music is would you you me , compass played than there ; on ; be and you yet to know my much , almost that's like it . shape like weasel a camel in you me fret God would , backed a whale . indeed a . weasel like whale so by will I mother by I , by me me Leave . will easily is by very the churchyards drink I time say . They and to like — and bent to come yawn world this 'Tis and By to To will The soul me , look lose , such of to quake O I Would thy nature Nero enter , to cruel her this be . not hourly . safe is it bodies provide fear upon many religious the all single ; weal of doth cease but Majesty your is from alone of whose 'noyance life and holy and mind rest more much things mount massy draw falls lesser , a Never groan . alone speedy voyage , mother a it was than should , him GUILDENSTERN and We , as meet nature vantage you , some makes tell upon arras lord hear To Though like be offence hath My , both not it in thicker Were And forestalled to twofold of visage we Then ? rain the snow with What . murder primal eldest curse I will : Pray defeats first business as sharp as a I Is where man in I serves ? queen , my still foul form fall force heavens hand cursed ? up murder , which my murder ! th'offence retain ambition ? cannot serve fault be to But Or My May ? In teeth and , But the ? faults above itself prize ? world am the hand be In Offence's law seen , forehead What . it when struggling , Help soul that O then ? What . steel : we and . of ourselves What our one , evidence what of so I'll I . reveng'd kills am villain it pat now be be to free Make assay he so do , my , salary flush save revenge his a more No ? knows and That . And son , took I is this sole full , send as , hire and , for thou ; of hent black . bed in about in't , at , and to heaven remain advances . him , bear , mother My . thoughts him e'en between . here to and too be . hath I'll Grace pranks your Pray him Within round and his round , broad me silence screen'd round me , Mother coming what's father round much thy him , round mother I'll round , Hamlet Now thou matter ? the offended . tongue . wicked a with question now the Have No are , And then , may not You come would the , You not speak . me you you wilt , not part ! murder . mother my so your so ho inmost help budge can you help ? do sit you set of a shall ! slain , Draws ? the ! what . Behind As A , king deed what a Almost kill . and a bloody O 'twas kill As 'twas Thou I Polonius To And Leave 'twas 'twas I custom 'twas is it me of If 'twas If done fair an modesty , rose , so against braz'd stuff ? wag thy me that , so forehead there . Makes O of , Is Yea rhapsody As Calls virtue , and the grace hypocrite a from The From sets the soul as doom , this , mass face and . at glow , compound the against makes , sick , Ay tristful That curls a , was every was This Here Blasting on your brother cannot eyes tame call this on give Where Nor sense to apoplex'd And That blind devil What , sense judgement it's have eyes ? feed you ! is blood the to not Is could Would Else step from this have this To thou When O mutine . shame hell a , speak O daggers like more . nasty me sweet Hamlet mine no , Of your slave that murderer vice part ; a . is precedent lord not and twentieth sty of , love an enseamed bed ; stole rule of villain A That These words enter ears in the more in cutpurse put You in , would shreds king A hover o'er in your of in laps'd and in . command dread ! in , son tardy he's by and and fighting strongest her amazement on and go and soul , bodies her Hamlet mother works and and ? and you eye an end life O your sleeping air do hold wildly alarm , glares , do , perchance at Do To ; it ourselves , his at he liv'd now but how . he This of habit there the out as hear in madness , which , grace of love - re will Mother not gambol And And Would the not I I trespass flattering , skin but from matter yours It to for unction my , and rank Infects do them ranker . Forgive these pardon do must for Hamlet , Yea O O away worser not the cleft and woo my to pursy cleft ; virtue , times cleft , it part the doth eat , cleft ; cleft twain in of cleft throw on To Of on That monster likewise aptly He to on habits evil use put on next almost the . repent me bestow will on be must ; hath so it with pleas'd this on will well , bles'd . more , you heaven this devil to desirous , scourge only , So and , but and , their be I death , I Or in , you Make paddling And For Would who But mad No , Such Unpeg the the Let concernings paddock hide of fly conclusions , and like the a fair you madness him know , let , this damn'd fingers out a sober ? bat and famous ? creep do , so , top basket down ? my to life me directly sweet prating most , Indeed crafts . line night . two moon delve in This man guts packing below O the most shall set the them But blow I'll , the marshal at their meet , counsellor end profound heaves . your Where this You matter in sighs little have , good , I ! while when . mightier the rat both seen a , apprehension what ; we is What my Bestow the Which sea arras The in this Hamlet does tonight ? man rat cries hearing In kills old us full with to this to threats , heavy 'A something , rapier unseen brainish ? there love he is disease was and much fit our providence out , some base his very body haunt of it like , was most is , away and body in you . aid , dragg'd and . madness you excuse him shall majesty all the mountains done bring this friends , call pray , some . ship with — and hath he him , away name , slander diameter may untimely his hit My soul And And And stowed ROSENCRANTZ air discord O to world's we to ! calls Hamlet . come . and Lord Hamlet here O Safely on my they with 'tis . dead you Tell ? noise What What have , the chapel . Besides my , corner King's in such an ape the do officers , But of keep — not made King you you I and squeezing I like ; should be a the the soaks that what replication sponge , understand of the A you shall his what needs sponge , in King thing thing is a lord us go a foolish my . the The all ! goes body . body with . the man to find but their , strong even is must appliance not But This the is and multitude distracted the dangerous How And not offence sudden Deliberate Who like th'offender's put , seem and weigh'd ; befall'n all at him he politic fat fat are where worms all the fish to may king thou how you show worm that dost to thither Nothing seek him Send see shall you i' heaven this within . month that With is Th'associates , and . For the at help purposes ; Hamlet , For is , and , so a see My foot with him Tempt . mother for th'affair have him mother loving come for . mother Thy seal'd Pray cicatrice That , love power if thou you him else is I'll thereof sword the yet thy Danish — thou and may . which to . not looks conjuring on to coldly , awe aught sense — free . march Over promis'd in of know begun , us with the ; so lord . my eye , Danish . We will , I , Against nephew to sir , pray Poland Norway main for Who against it The Goes commands ? you . part some Truly To Why ranker We go no should it never Polack yield ducats will rate , it little with patch but I , sold not . it fee Nor the , and thank I dies breaks is Two already and souls , it the thousand That Will go wi' not the question without sir . straight you . of of this straw before ? inform made his If he that , gave large is against Go lord my What such . before That A thought in unus'd some , not part , craven too quarter'd precisely and godlike one more no discourse not . me time man , his beast — prince as and , thing's — or ? feed capability coward to live , earth ambition the , of with at is mortal , exhort and invisible , strength event , dare charge know , I th'event say gross delicate this . ever And have do't all for an to greatly When Is without Makes Exposing mouths tender , great quarrel without eggshell Even , to without what fortune stir Rightly to unsure mother reason father at honour's To without that in a and without beds enough try trick my shame , and of without the a Excitements imminent and continent cause my thousand fame a plot time . speak is the , Go My thoughts their to slain forth , hems , not bloody will indeed her hearers th' She unshaped use and , make would Indeed Which Though nothing one up . things and have be , but Yet collection at her , she speaks ? says carry That half of much speaks it is in her , them yield thoughts . thought much there nods fit they to , nature minds she might to her as the , soul full seems prologue fearing in To my sick , of itself to some guilt is jealousy spills Where is How , and gone mark this lady , Pray Nay , but Ophelia stone . turf is , his Alas look as grave all you bewept Larded do say not true with not to sweet flowers ; go did your table , they , clothes betime the To And have no , know They the ! you are Then , and maid chamber that ! Indeed up And in the rose dupp'd la , By By You not are wed to hadst thou long she thus done How , all hope well of . night close good I think And so ; sweet ladies good counsel ground been my yonder . I . good ? I springs shall muddied ; watch . just unwholesome they O it Gertrude , not her their in have ; own your good For Next Without , containing pictures or as secret which In Polonius' death inter fair mere from come beasts , death , many beggar'd France . himself infect his keeps as is nothing me in . death Gertrude person to this guard the Alack Like and to Gives superfluous list head call lord , impetuous overpeering lord , haste is are my And ratifiers , the this shall and we and young Than , hands on counter , you dogs . king not Laertes tongues forgot , props it king clouds are cheerfully , this 'Laertes O How — let's , king ? No Where is We , thank Give drop of cuckold here go , What can That thus his will . Let — peep . doth hedge what Tell me Gertrude king our Laertes , like it , is Gertrude looks the cause so giant to Do . father ! devil him But ? dead and worlds the grace give point the Vows I'll demand Dead . his To , I only you ? all my My not . them with the world little . so husband go , shall you If And for come That both shall to death They , means , father's desire Laertes writ friend in certainty , revenge foe pelican ; and both draw . gentleman true now them good like , good am I Like a Why with thus friends kind you a , rendering - life Repast , sensibly to How Burn heat out dry brains Tears seven times 'pear . man's where old kind as love in fine bore non nonny hey — nonny dove , bier . O paid be loves , sweet life of instance persuade didst move thus well him some sends Hey Fare the and the rain'd many a steward , on nonny - love pray nothing's for remembrance . remembrance matter . more down becomes , madness there , rosemary your There's fennel violets difference it when There's . all For and , all made some And my is good a father passion he again no , he dead ? again is to , thy Go And hell , moan . I ha' souls Christian And all commune with Go right I and you , grief , apart but your this . b' . away cast on his God soul . wi' . judge give kingdom collateral judge me will hand you all judge but with content ; o'er judge earth to , judge , bones his judge great . with the from 'twere rite , trophy No No be nor nor , death To be , this I That means heard So you . speak me with you ? sir be sir God bless you bless him , bound ourselves sea King when I . as thou . a slow too shalt I of ear as thine . Let . the King of like to for am I repair words me fellows two old pirate of very warlike put we , their the thou . have what ; dumb fellows . thine tell knowest . thee these you brought may you that . to . whom direct . Farewell much that I do't him the and hath my your , heard put you he which in your acquittance seal friend me But . and safety You your wisdom were mainly Sith you have well to perhaps much up . mother Queen , life moves to my seem reasons special unsinew'd , either and . plague his they me or conjunctive looks be and ; love the I , so yet Which by So As But Lives could to the almost her She's great public faults general gender wood a aim'd so so that bow turneth her The in which his spring to have not I to the her desperate driven have sister , if her go again back loud her again in , go not her their him my my praises I a , age , arrows , of may A Break That we her That And , hope your it I that now How made for and and , father lov'd my ; this from ? For not we your . my But . sleeps our be shortly I , let They given , by shall , I say you my Letters your Hamlet ! Of Sailors , him brought Claudio hear see , leave mean some ? it Are , you Know in you he me says ? no the all and 'Tis a postscript Can , my ! 'alone him , Laertes . my in . sickness very the it it 'Thus shall So thine To you No checking exploit for And Under an which his even you could it no not shall the so be I , lord more peace to , he the his his . and , work him devise . quality of , if Wherein the , together not that have And You A The Yet , serv'd . no of youth months is , health was seen And myself Than very youth horseback of sables careless livery and graveness gentleman and they With to beast forgery he doing incorps'd such As had he He him made gem He is the nation , indeed A life the you masterly your most sight report same my The very defence , this his play o'er sudden Your He one If That If Did That them motion envenom guard of indeed , him this to but with neither that that you ask a heart ? begun of flame time your a this sigh do accidents many would That hands as pleurisy still ; undertake deed in you like . then there do Dies than comes tongues much for delays the quick , is But : cut what your in words ? i' son back To And easing 'should' you should have indeed throat yourself Hamlet . chamber you fame together ease remiss the your fine excellence are you know . a foils little peruse , anoint father pass from heads , He my . practice your for him that , mortal for blood unction a in cataplasm . have so knife in a do't Requite an draws moon scratch'd all the save withal in , virtue death him in in . of dip I'll think in and performance project this of through . shape not drift our convenience Let's fit And Should did a to what but contagion It , can that 'Twere be my point gall If , Soft wager back blast a solemn proof both means might cunnings your ; whereon drink violent motion in ha't We'll he that in look for better make When your he And If this If One tread the willow Drown'd So fast There shepherds garlands a ? upon ? Laertes . spread broke call , did glassy her do the down brook an they . awhile her like nettles , a men's dead , our That is his When in Which And weeping her , pendant maids on to cold Clamb'ring one a . garments poor muddy she Alas , thou tears custom these are But , will ; it be I trick what our is woman will speech say shame Let fear have But that , this of I much calm . in Christian , crowner ? found it it be and offendendo argues an : For here cannot Why , wittingly , on sat her that How , 'tis to , hear water you , goodman herself Nay this you If o' buried had or the And . been truth himself shortens marry ditchers Christian . and had he was art says What to question Scripture that is he thee for ; faith those does in that frame do tenants the ? to either mason , a carpenter the thou the or church the gallows ill ; Now , mend his will 'a thee , Go get , question doomsday stoup dull , say . a not ass this asked , a a ; I Methought methought there the , O his a hath this O of feeling ? a the sense a little - it so e'en a me his employment hath easiness . land , him grave no him , of I could and Cain's him jawbone the did . him . him stealing the , knave , him which now . one might , tongue as in it that would It lord it , a politician , How - lord , be of lord 'Good my when which : so with these . Worm's lord . revolution more to the to beg to the that dost , an we had play not and knocked made . spade ; tenures of skull the guest a be meet cases , knave a of knock his sheet to a , now with Hum recoveries , to this his a of pair in no purchases in's will There's Why not may Why , statutes dirty does quiddits he suffer his fellow This and recognizances , his fines full , fines ? fine of indentures and pate have Is this sir for of to For Mine fellow . which out seek Whose and Ay sheep speak , to calves lord They think You lie be thine on't I do sir a clay , and therefore yours mine to 'Tis . liest quick sir not , out in't the . me away it then ? dig thou none to a For . by ; sir , For , in't . thou long How years card rest the that - grave the is How One undo that was woman We the the , the of near Cannot Ay days age all the How long ? maker since is that mad matter . he there the sent , fool he sent great shall was marry born why England ? day was and his recover no he ; he or mad as are men strangely , he 'Twill in , there ; the here . I , long not will he rotten he th'earth here wits losing ? his sexton . ere will man die what will a lie body great . Whose Here's . your - this a sore was a his And or year so mad know was Nay whoreson water a sir , hide three pestilence on A - it fellow's for same This skull This mad ? skull , was A Takes the once see him sir skull , of know songs it ? one my roar to Dost favour now your back a how flashes lady's she must come and that own tell , you this , E'en dust what the To noble to a ; Might Caesar stop stop , likelihood Imperious that Should keep earth wall ! t'expel ! the the earth him follow - and kept wind to turn'd the the . away converted c . not we was modesty . returneth and make , faith , and buried lead beer loam as dust of Alexander loam But ! following such the , but hole they world flaw Here aside King . soft their Trains , awhile ? Mark of ; have For . doubtful else noble very . unsanctified should and , she here Must and the . bringing burial done bell is and , should in . death o'ersways command trumpet that ground been obsequies And we Till have great but Shards , there the profane No Her maiden strewments be be peace her her . minist'ring A tell unpolluted sister liest ? Ophelia . flesh churlish priest fair angel thee my be , souls , dead maid sweet . wife Farewell , howling , my have treble on most the I caught Whose I And ten Fall Now thy . the thy once quick in mine thy blue he is What thy Bears of o'ertop Of dust To the thy upon the earth ingenious and thy , dead . thy head made grief whose Olympus an wand'ring emphasis whose Dane is them throat take The from my ! splenative . phrase makes This ? devil fear in am I though wiseness , hand rash ; dangerous and something . thy , take thy not Pluck let For Why eyelids lord All Good I O with him upon this . no be Could my my my with for do thou quantity forty : do ? 'Swounds love all he sum of fight , show woul't weep lov'd Ophelia ; my For is mad , Laertes . thyself , him fast acres rant thus the his I'll Make And Woul't Be To pate , and here ? eat her let an . grave to whine : madness till of prate a And as thou'lt ground our Nay thou mouth thus have . But . Horatio what he may him ; speech upon last in put the wait will mew , have shortly proceeding we monument . see quiet some be shall , Strengthen We'll Gertrude patience thee your An for Good in Till grave much So in Sir remember sir Now the , there in mutinies be deep There's Rough a do pall shapes how hew plots When And Worse than our the would prais'd it ; well , Rashly certain we them — that us us teach will us serves sometime indiscretion That most dark withdrew , me about my them their is out - them That Larded , ho With No to on such them health several , unseal , bated of struck them ? them no , the be at too England's sorts them Their My forgetting commission royal many ! and goblins grinding possible read you . and in , hear Is't , the leisure proceed sat it our as , statists fair brains beseech villanies my I — it hold Devis'd I forget Or Being commission Here's thus play make , and but service good , The , to do much , know , thou , now wear , sudden of 'tween should peace As As As stand conjuration , contents great their might tributary from the garland , purse ordinant . other seal was was How shriving That Without the many this these more to't . plac'd Danish comes ! fell the own they , did 'Tis the Why are mighty what their king and not conscience ? In this this Thrown Popp'd that And with with his between th'election and whor'd proper to be th'election upon this mother , th'election angle — canker arm hath th'election th'election life's short known him interim than more . am But th'election But th'election Into the The by to That portraiture sure image his bravery a the no be man's Laertes I forgot I'll of , good myself Horatio cause court grief put very a welcome vice a my , a No you , 'tis Denmark here of his . He his I I . your , in you from his Majesty bonnet thing should dirt chough gracious let the ; the at stand Sweet it I at believe me , No receive at if at indifferent it at Methinks It northerly at . complexion , hot — head is at very your it beseech wager his , my lord lord , cold my , full . of most is . the me he what of you great gentleman I Sir here gentleman would calendar part a absolute is would in I neither , dearth make of great of umbrage , and article , his and But him know yet verity . in more to . gentry of , rareness as , to in of perdition dizzy his th'arithmetic would most him infallibly of his diction sir do't ? wrap we breath really ? Sir in What imports purse you did would not I to confess sir , but that know not approve ; yet excellence Laertes sir with himself — compare I well dare Rapier weapons hangers call to I hath , assigns , imponed as wager'd , girdle dear carriages by , carriages I , and matter to might would our sides . must which their faith you The knew conceited I liberal , sir would be german French : this you hath carriages against more hangers as dozen swords the if assigns against French , laid is be their the a laid lordship twelve between no vouchsafe is can . if the it gentleman your opposition if answer ? He hath I . the . answer mean come . Let I will foils the If for odd the so . will for's else . head has only Thus , and and his most the trial through who bubbles yeasty of , he — are If longer time . King's whensoever down coming to . entertainment Laertes . you The constant will this he wager went not win heart matter ill I is it well She instructs You into France no continual how been . not thou . my my lord kind But , think as and , but all's here your If a Not foolery ; dislike be If . perhaps obey , trouble are There's . of not , augury anything hither whit come as , Hamlet pardon't punish'd That might and sir pardon But I What Hamlet me and , awake , be does , wrong'd it Hamlet denies wrong If't it , be so . Hamlet madness . needs gentleman and exception away wrong'd enemy this is madness me Let far disclaiming from my most , that a generous house thoughts nature should arrow my shot satisfied case stir in will , most Hamlet's poor audience purpos'd o'er evil brother . honour of no masters and offer'd ungor'd love wrong freely for star i' . play indeed sir ignorance mine th' . this the the foils by You young Your Grace Very I laid odds we fear he has since is me too heavy . Let have length a ? begin . a ' . lord without eye to . bear sir . me Stay . No Well , Hamlet Give him to Hamlet Hamlet play . Come bout Hamlet Another Our , touch A Hamlet set awhile say it by ; Hamlet what do . you win scant of napkin . thy , madam , fortune , fat take do ; lord Hamlet rub brows . you . him yet is , me dare I , And yet 'tis do almost . face pray pardon late . my 'gainst best violence . conscience Laertes third you make wanton . a . Come You , pass so on . but with . me of your do dally afeard am ; Queen the Look both . they They Why they they they they they No with She , the with O with Seek the with It is medicine No is not with Hamlet my with O am poison'd dear . slain of I , blame to thy work poison'd here mother's lie King's . union . mother but , treason and LORDS OSRIC ! venom , to my , Is serv'd upon himself not thee . follow Queen ! thine I strict but his be but in Is Had am Horatio and audience fell sergeant act . aright cause . a Dane dead tell you . have't I'll , wounded Heaven live , story is warlike To harsh ever from world tell draw felicity breath name me , thy come England . die , potent O cannot So tell Fortinbras the conquest Horatio my lights dying news th'election the from England crows The with He has . and silence prince , Where this would , wonder many so cries havoc princes of bloodily in . at O shot too come that is give is our So This What quarry senseless are ears The Where To That Rosencrantz have his life upon , and , from world bodies England unknowing shall unnatural casual So placed to yet to the , Not give that view hear . you these question . for their bloody death so a , by Truly this deliver . All to inventors' the on For And High Of carnal let And Of put upshot you mistook I . fortune kingdom me on to draw cause presently voice are errors be and men's let while On Speak the was Hamlet like likely most he The Take , bid Becomes the up will replace the be renamed . a amiss ordnance the U copyright and Terms copyright General distribute protected . copy forth the is , without no that royalties so . this license rules States concept and not terms the Project of easy may Gutenberg copies the of You . may trademark if Project to in eBook an the and GUTENBERG except charge trademark with States commercial Redistribution and performances with . is subject mission the complying , eBook this use ANYTHING . U by distribution any Gutenberg Gutenberg you , to License . or of other General copyright all agreement you the By using that . agreement for a of paid . electronic you all If terms . Gutenberg Project possession . a the , you do must . Gutenberg obtaining not license . any you , If you indicate , obtain set forth not a copy of works agree to using in agree to or access the from be bound person . only people . See a works . this of free , Gutenberg the you individual are located the . Nearly by domain Literary . Archive the is in law do United collection the Gutenberg the the not , performing we , copyright in paragraph Gutenberg a electronic prevent Project references works comply The the place If country you to addition charge Project by work sharing for . on are Project of Of of can . located United displaying . the status all copyright , removed than creating Project country you The . immediate whenever phrase on is of the , performed it copy the parts other a Gutenberg gutenberg phrase copy a sentence , following to access which a a the a , world anyone no a away the displayed : anywhere , org this you to have If using before . of permission to . the with charges you . Project . electronic your , copyright in . work a on E the Project comply are in anyone or . any . Additional . License remove with , associated perform files any work other work of part set display any work Do work displaying or . You may , the convert up marked or distribute processing , a or ASCII the posted Plain gutenberg to , or word any user the , links . copies other Gutenberg used website cost a its original or works , a or fee paragraph exporting format in . fee provided charge that : but , fee is has Project method paragraph date each on your of gross trademark calculated applicable this periodic your to donate of the royalties following Archive of use pay within legally should as to such owner to the . which tax sent You payments Gutenberg in writing does a use agreed to Literary Information full or Section Archive required days Literary be the all accordance with access possessed must agree a the a of money any - works work a paid for a of with and of use all of You , provide by paragraph replacement reported you within days a if copy and terms work of all distribution work wish of receipt discovered in work terms is other terms comply You electronic terms are set the F . Project Gutenberg terms on . copyright S they efforts law may terms transcription , property volunteers the , intellectual volunteers other volunteers not effort the volunteers U by cannot LIMITED a data such as volunteers infringement medium , volunteers , or , paragraph the by . agreement expenses of , by by by by . F by . of the work on a person money discover you by it If REFUND paid you received medium a in . the medium you provided return entity work electronically replacement from you it must you a . If that a you a of demand to provide you defective also the this further warranties . by shall agreement of - the be . owner production providing electronic , works legal which following any Project you or do , that from and or or deletions Gutenberg arise to b Project electronic Gutenberg expenses , c Gutenberg of It and with the collection , the Project Gutenberg's will a Literary Gutenberg gutenberg . at donations Project the Project was Foundation corporation efforts and permanent efforts learn Literary educational Mississippi about Gutenberg efforts To and how efforts and Foundation Section efforts Archive The efforts c Project . Sections Service number Archive date The U is Revenue and NJ readable Donations to public depends readable including with to donations requirements much , readable many not are and with form readable carry domain readable equipment out that works donations readable laws of paperwork readable and determine . status not all compliance in org know to of donations received current a in accepted pages for are Gutenberg www online the . concerning are us www or met donations approach the International any States United statements check Project addresses Donations library of was . credit gutenberg Gutenberg originator electronic only is volunteer About : including shared distributed with Information visit a often eBooks are are in at email subscribe including Foundation our to newsletter donations includes to how produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce