. yourself King ! me Stand ? Barnardo the The them . stirring . make , bid watch , night Marcellus there ! reliev'd you night ! Horatio , Horatio , piece What this I appear'd . our hold seen him take along . fantasy Marcellus ? of A him . again thing . seen , him us . it , the and Marcellus of , from myself heaven — that's westward all us t'illume like ; scholar same a figure ? with and to speak Mark Horatio . it that's the King harrows like sometimes Most . It Question that the It , speak speak , is it . thee Denmark By ! and something on't you think , tremble and ! this ! avouch ! eyes own and ? an the on . when in angry . parle sledded Norway to thyself he armour th'ambitious the stalk hath by I of scope strange strict subject , some , So And such What Does Doth Why such in what particular down the bodes Good And this now sit toils daily most the land brazen the of war whose , implements of week the ? day sore Sunday inform haste , compact valiant our world esteem'd his lands ; competent Fortinbras as King , of , to a moiety ; which the and young full , Fortinbras , other resolutes , design'd inheritance the Now mettle carriage he Had And Of a But it For up skirts unimproved the . of sir hot Norway of by us some strong I take is here , lawless to , diet to recover well ; compulsatory stomach list a this foresaid the preparations , And unto appear watch that watch so portentous the of this but in head , no sort it think The this and other , and the like King . on eclipse demonstrated comes Stay . use me be done and may in uphoarded the spirits womb speak foreknowing ! to of earth thy to life to country's to , and to to ? to to stand with it here will , it ! It was The It Some faded This confine present object And of erring and Th'extravagant Wherein of they , The Do As needful in I pray and , acquaint us dumb us Let we But look , the impart what up Hamlet to our for we have my life him kingdom . our Hamlet of hearts with remembrance , of wisest Together Therefore That we our Th'imperial ; scale nor weighing . and now defeated eye joy queen , thanks our , of dear and fail'd not state our most his To ourself father brother surrender pester of worth herein advantage out to disjoint late young all you of valiant business time for : impotent Of for , Who His further uncle of . the his with is and the with Importing by Lost Out of You , Giving with articles your allow . duty power than our duty things and , all : haste dilated let ; In , now and will VOLTEMAND . what's your . show what's Laertes What farewell heartily what's what's , nothing We That what's And You be my . voice what's native Denmark have lord , what's to the ? Laertes father is't to thou what's , Dane , thy not what's mouth heart ? to , Denmark toward be , duty done France , seal'd pardon What slow last go seal'd time ; him ; petition my at seal'd consent ! thine and , and it , Laertes seal'd leave hang seal'd Hamlet than clouds still seal'd the kin am seal'd too at spend seal'd ? the colour father , in that . lives the vailed on , nighted a lids Denmark dust thy all nature through for Passing , is ; thee madam 'tis Seek seems it of customary my Nay windy madam nor 'Tis not Nor the Together Nor all me , moods , indeed might a the eye know ? These play seem , mother good I , father ; the in of man which . dejected , That they have that actions with can For I but these in your his know must you sweet That In lost give To To But do In Of father , commendable mourning father . lost your the some heaven grief sorrow obligation lost . condolement stubbornness An shows . You a father . the are . which and And that From death and heart should any Why and and This must and and and and shall , Why in pray stay thy my you ; us , cousin you to beseech most the chiefest Here And Let And King's speaking - Re the . again . come , Hamlet whereof grace of Denmark the heaven a God not had flesh dew ! clouds Everlasting earthly too and that , this Everlasting resolve itself Everlasting , the Everlasting Oh fie 'tis and winds and Everlasting Heaven so an world Everlasting , uses the Everlasting His Everlasting two But Possess Everlasting ! not that roughly she would hang earth of mother heaven ! grown a month ! uncle of were woman father mine discourse with reason even , Why ere my shoes on him body father's Within salt in of her I must come incestuous it , flushing most most speed tongue , to sheets galled eyes post to ! cannot lordship your I not your And Horatio I am or same , lord do servant , Sir I'll what truant , to , you . even from enemy that your of my do affair I you deep you Elsinore no are truant . drink I do prithee I Against what came mock to lord it Indeed you is ere - mother's ? funeral . foe day that , my ; once a He was My look him he ? him goodly all again his for like I Saw the King father ! your , of witness Upon With an the marvel for your . may , he , walk'd march surprised they , distill'd , act - whilst ; length jelly and dreadful as , Goes slow , cap of the - pie eyes your : them by and with stately oppress'd In dumb Stand And them the had , Almost his to speak not deliver'd third secrecy night kept the time , it the But It morning morning answer morning even Itself morning morning And morning morning As morning live we To indeed , Indeed A Very While would I been . had would I with , very like Longer , haste have Most much amaz'd you long . Stay'd I I tell longer when I beard I I If it I I I'll speak I I bid me have whatsoever requite an you If it And your tenable my though father's . well and . eleven , but So noble my hap , sight , is the , them deeds men's well were night eyes . in ; alone so no more , and permanent in a , A perfume the , youth and and No fashion it Hold Forward more No For thews virtue Grows The and bulk service of the mind loves you birth depends ; circumscrib'd his this choice , subject subject loves believe to subject act Denmark goes no may subject it withal subject open subject unmaster'd with subject weigh main saying voice in . he body subject you of enough of , chaste treasure songs of of . moon infants buttons be the spring , of disclos'd of of : of desire of or of list his . dear the heart , your not rear and maid to her not If not Do me Show not not steep path not of pastors to treads libertine . heaven not recks And not Himself fear . too not O long . me here is , my father grace . shame ; not , blessing for Give in the few thy , a upon ? Occasion here Yet A The , wind are And thou Be stay'd thou unto to a each Take But thy , For , loan oft dulls the a the rank best the of , select oft most a in , may but purse rich proclaims ; generous nor , This Farewell Thou ; you , Most The you your leave false be Farewell And . he Ophelia said hath Marry something of key to Hamlet : me bounteous and of bethought been — of audience Given 'Tis private me he to ; hath as caution do You way not my understand daughter behoves you and me up honour my ? hath , Of Pooh believe not , Affection I Or you lord In honourable — crack not have ta'en not he wind , My it , given all countenance blood tongue vows light than promise : is - daughter soul the , Hamlet a at Lord For , young walk In , Ophelia brokers , show ; all : bawds pious from moment any with ; I , to't obey talk you my cold very air . eager now No I What lacks of twelve ? then lord ? hour think , it the ? Indeed And Makes They And to our The some So From for their Since their o'ergrowth birth it oft nature by By breaking cannot of pith and of That As in of wherein in of , of of of of , blasts charitable from ; in may ! Dane bones saw , glimpses in the Dane complete this jaws , death tell ! sepulchre Dane Dane , mean Dane marble steel Dane , Dane the but , inurn'd of , Dane nature moon fools our is beyond hideous thus the of our reaches go beckons the What should ? Wherefore to some To if It you As alone you with you waves It to do not will No And soul what what , not set for do my It I me you again fear fee ? pin's ? it . my sea horrible it . reason deprive o'er his dreadful assume to Or That What if a forth can , thing it tempt And That shall Hold you hands your rul'd My Be And Still heaven say Have Something let's direct what not fit it Denmark this will state . will Heaven , Nay thou wilt myself . flames . no , Speak . I Must not Pity , I shall lend bound . hearing , fires of nature , shalt thou ! list love father ! murder . best , that to find shouldst in thee itself , process sting thy youth life , of death ear than on ease be , Hamlet Lethe apt ; the this that but that Now my Ay of his incestuous — of , his Hamlet was his was that queen virtuous there shameful dignity with his vow . his the his - falling hand his a his his that With his , in hand her wretch But court though on in a garbage to itself prey methinks I let me ! And sate Will always be My But So of mine lewdness it . leperous The And With Upon Holds The That swift instant loathsome , hand once brother's body and about , crust : dispatch'd sent thee of bear , in nature not O and bed Unhous'led reckoning all ! No hast Let If Taint mother mind luxury , thy horrible my Against The , the Fare thee well soul thy let ! aught thou incest . be nor leave ; her , lodge , heart . O , not ! What me Remember earth fie O adieu pale his uneffectual Remember fond forms of shall brain , past , a my memory ? thee ; live there away wipe I'll So , It , I am Meet and , villain matter . damned woman so be . I HORATIO Hillo . lord my news , my my , What ho Illo Come , it lord lord my , you'll No , by . lord my . an arrant dwelling lord he's But say How then you needs fit and , I , You as it are , words pray my go — man I'm whirling I'll hath Such so it hold These sorry no , too , know . to you friends offence There's Saint by you As And is O'ermaster't What make Never For your may And now , and poor ? We have seen not . swear't lord , sword . thou upon Indeed Cries , Come sayst under , boy ha , hear Consent the seen . heard . sword have . friends wondrous is good . meet , would' if - seeing me shall disposition or this some 'There out , be to not help your you , do your , your to to O . your , go I spite your right . your pray you is your together cursed it your , you me Hamlet as commend . fingers shall do God still time That this money ever , come I Give him , Reynaldo make good Of do My they your 'I father and this particular at what means and my drift what expense , first and who company this Than What That in 'And Ay part Take And part very but be , ' , and most and of none so rank known liberty noted and dishonour , him he please ' , put on . charge him on it in scandal to taints assault good I quaintly assur'd or consequence you him the or to Of Very the good sir , What then does He And was By , At , ' consequence 'gentleman ' Where . day and perchance you of . sale' — in's house See , truth of : or know o'ertook ; as ? not now . inclination his , my lord well you in b' wi' Good . my . my my my my my my my the been have my With as To if horrors thy ? for it I truly me comes but , know do What , not Mad loosed piteous out in so , love all wrist his to by of the his it his did seem being — would As And me other said goes And with Then took he a head sigh so up waving little to That his he went go undertakings love , sorry , words I as any ; lord given good him to but letters and you denied command , to did am hard to to to access repel hath That his to have to , That to to I hide to , grief Welcome Moreover To So And That since Whether That Good gentlemen more so your of shall and king's As the to visitation time much men us awhile hope our remembrance such receive profit gentry If adheres the here Might pleasures pleasures pleasures Thanks And by pleasures give , pleasures pleasures pleasures pleasures To Rosencrantz and . gentle Guildenstern some , our . soul my policy I my hold or — the to of — this brain so lunacy . hear Give As And O that grace to fruit admittance , cause trail I the be them , shall speak to not very that that Hamlet's of hath us'd th'ambassadors that , in feast . found that your other shall Welcome , he first return fair our levies be a preparation which to him suppress ? brother Norway my to out sent 'gainst the Polack found griev'd ; appear'd Majesty more fine Highness arrests out in never ; his hand Highness uncle and , and whereat Highness impotence Highness Highness obeys Highness Highness , in , before of vow rebuke ; which Highness Fortinbras Receives So thank Meantime Go to we at And our rest That your , you night My Were nothing , but day night should business is . expostulate to , night the night , ended . feast night , together night night . night Your . is is , Your Your Your wit Your flourishes is madness Your art art 'tis Your of this defect . Your . Perpend , mark cause . will A figure — vile — a her from Came an phrase this me , a but That's evermore that But never at am I sun Doubt awhile stars sun sun to truth sun madam sun sun This But Ophelia sun dear . sun Thine sun As prove so . dear I given my a the love this upon No , heart ? my And What might 'Lord Or my had perceiv'd it I When would I to a And Do raves declension , ''Tis ? may such a When this It That it time be positively prov'd be this otherwise find indeed to him then her , try poor beseech do him I But But Away Excellent well Not I . You - Hamlet ? me a lord Honest , sir to , be maggots — daughter ? be . being is goes world ten very breed the if I Have carrion my a look my . daughter . blessing extremity do matter , very , lord ? I that read you sir , hams that have that here my , have to , honesty you , yourself Aside potently with plum beards mean the their gum tree ; Slanders most sir . All a eyes ? method as backward yet delivered Into of , old lord . pregnant How . humbly except between of him I on most will means the I of that lord my . there part . you of take withal My honoured save you ? the of the . friends good Rosencrantz in My thou how , lads indifferent we are that her Then live you secret the None my doomsday near Fortune . that , What Prison my news privates we grown honest question wards , th' Denmark which there and nothing a . or bad dungeons either . worst my , are We it makes none think ; not have I for the very dream of shadow substance . bad for a shadow that nutshell , but and a so itself Truly I , beggars' Then shadows you like way beaten will friendship my of am thanks am the what , wait and upon , poor in dear no but ? a a too , visit , are . it , your in me ? lord I Were come Is thanks halfpenny the by proposer whether by the you better dear , lord Queen your were King and sent for of could ; and have there craft you . is not have ? my , by direct with more . you love me sent were you you of for If ? of say were off we of so tell ; your of frame this of the indeed King the of , know ; of of of prevent I that custom anticipation moult goes , is than man . to a this promontory disposition ; o'erhanging , action this beauty is what , me in and foul reason , sterile , congregation it how this ; in , woman admirable god nor of the , And delights Man was there no when if from you to I not in them shall to tribute and to part , use , to shall He of shall me and to it to chances , to Their ? was of such ways better such . in the such innovation the such in . late such such such such , question , sir there Are city , for't and quills they maintains they on sides the , while a was There . dare than should afraid they ? grow exclaim against no are children most no for , O they that is would make not Ay fifty , strange something this more out . natural , hands Your come The could 'Sblood find . deceived You and forty , players . Let . are and Elsinore appear my wind southerly the at . mother - and aunt his an Mark so . was to tell right actors The My news I lord have Then Upon come buzz . my lord comedy , Plautus too the scene ass on for , world - of writ and - comical , historical liberty - either , individable a ? ' . that , a , I , I my , daughter Why no loved , I , you , follows that , Jephthah my What and chanson welcome my show will as like wot , God most all your old friend I comes it , was . look thee valanc'd my than voice anything you well young I like Masters when , if or the , was remember received mine — others modesty excellent make much an honest — it pleased as the not lines as never top down sallets in it as the indite wholesome : see , to million and it your me Pyrrhus sable ominous complexion smear'd it foot horse it it it , it it — it it good proceed . accent His . him lies . match'd fell wide his senseless of blow with , Then wind hideous flaming with lo and , his head stood some Pyrrhus to milky , thunder below , you ; from her her hill . proof a after anon sets region , speechless new Cyclops' forg'd did armour less , On Aroused Mars's never vengeance on and nave As barber's jig or to your shall for And In the round down fellies the fiends . queen' he — Hecuba ; a , Say a With blanket A , state gods make did Pyrrhus sword that she her see malicious not at husband's them burning gods . all , heaven , Good let soon this of Do of has tears , them to chronicles you the abstracts bestowed than . them speak players are use . will , you the well . you ; used your death thee have lord I you Take in The . and honour Gonzago speech insert some of ? of study a need The play tomorrow in't . and look mock . to . lord my wi' God , so b' To Very Ay in in But O Is Could in monstrous that this ; suiting in nothing , passion speech ; tears in would for function distraction his his in of own dream visage in to in's Hecuba to What Hecuba in his ? whole or he ? her him for motive He ear and eyes , muddy dreams and gives in coward a of not - I pate lie for : it Who take liver'd , and this lack bitter all fatted have am I oppression should lungs - offal I But the nose the ere kites villain ! be murder'd most and a play the scene ! presently speak players these father blench his have he of my looks ; but hath power , and and and the and the and no by on and harshly so him he and and And Get from Of bring would he true state him madness to be his disposition . some aloof sounded to on receive a Most But much of you , there seem fell any these kind the already have are , They to him court Majesties me much content him give a so heart most the to hear ; him on And To beseech'd to see and entreat . your . matter doth further edge delights may , Hamlet , hither , no , wish cause . you , or his love for of his I . your his you his Gracious Ophelia . on colour blame Read please this his . book , his his my ! his his conscience helps , the question to : troubles sleep we to suffer fortune arrows and to heir ; to Whether take end nobler by 'tis come may there's to the rub sleep . end consummation , die To the to sleep a them against a dreams ay a , coil respect this long man's unworthy his a something under ? and the traveller makes us rather to others conscience And Thus Than And But country No thus o'er regard my all the With this Ophelia their great with of currents turn moment pith the native hue and Soft a day ? well well , sins , Nymph Be have I I pray That My lord never the these Rich ; for my prove honest ? noble perfume did mind rich lost compos'd you rich . rich , rich ? unkind breath rich the to givers rich . rich ? rich honesty from honesty with than honesty but beauty gives time translate paradox force of lord was the , your . beauty your to my proof , than power , you me relish wouldst more . you inoculate loved our the so believe not , proud things to very I have ? such sinners of am my . at borne to as your father do between earth me could yet offences not imagination with , nunnery knaves fellows should in them put thoughts ? We . believe this Or quickly thou . heavenly too and , creatures make your of heard a , go give farewell ; snow for not shalt wilt make Farewell marry them you given amble wantonness . I nunnery , state sword , all , down sovereign most his the the of most of tune vows wretched , youth I see , see is what not , seen do madness his O'er Thus Nor Love not Will I some I And set be the Haply Whereon fashion it all . it hold and But commencement . do origin neglected not lord My queen grief so , If round with , him the not do of you his send conference England And We I , that as hand - crier say it smoothness pated robustious may all gently passion tear fellow a I to to hear rags , thus give my mouth you , do . ears but of for O fellow Pray nothing split have your nature ; anything special . at nature the to and mirror overdone the the her Now 'twere , have the allowance age the the the this for both , the in cannot action own the whose , but the make or the speak that your made them speak that clowns . to laugh spectators them of be there those question that abominably and and strutted made journeymen man the indifferently men so accent , O , reform'd let them play your of play sir the . pitiful you shows and . my hear , the , now How this the Queen King We ROSENCRANTZ lord ! your . man . lord cop'd , e'en at a flatter'd ? been nothing and For . fawning the distinguish men soul follow should tongue lick hinges was , buffets . that are a , are before near comes are that are , thee are is when thou see'st are it tonight father's are the the act comment are of much unkennel If his in that stithy mine Vulcan's lord , Well aught steal he And 'scape you the Get , flourish march Danish , i' - promise faith with nothing I have mine nor No Julius brute enact part . I me of him to players ; Hamlet , I in lie O . ho my mean meant my head lap meant upon meant lord meant matters . meant my meant meant Nothing . my , meant my merry are You Who should do father my and his ; life devil months may churches build man's die , a O Nay ? long let memory two - lady , sables . a , on Enter and off . to the lament with What , is this miching fellow or You are naught , For us , are means not our and tell to stooping We a Is this , hearing or , woman's love times salt world commutual love , So That woe journeys is you cheer many us For what Such Aside second the second but who , second . in treason needs husband but husband , me my that let kill'd kisses , marriage kisses speak , kisses ; bed none dead kisses thrift of kisses we now kisses . is either kisses on themselves with enactures revels kisses most joys The passion ending to violence of , not Their What To , fall pay unshaken fruit ourselves This joy grieves question fortune us left for loves world , a love 'tis own , is joy aye else to not 'tis nor ; with slender For And who who And man doth poor hitherto needs want to do so overthrown of heaven nor me and night , trust first be prison give lock my in of hope wed dead , lord husband is light . day , the , and my , face . I lasting scope , me , pursue have me with rock , too like her much , you do but argument but play is the of i' in't offence offence no no ? call call call world call call call a call : o' King call see chorus . lord the unwrung chorus chorus chorus puppets chorus I are chorus keen damnable chorus , revenge for , chorus thy . how The Gonzago bellow time and dire blasted in and , extant rises King frighted fire play . Away . lord weep , sleep Provincial while the runs , hart , Turk , sir So fellowship Half a and me , me with with forest in a Why this whole know O I , Didst . lord the note poisoning well him . he Come lord , me whole , Is in his my No me put wildly , doctor Your , lord Queen , make this , me not your commandment if to lord ; I a wholesome you I , I you I I I I Make can no heels she ten did love and You do your friend surely King himself proverb with withdraw — the you bold . duty be Will you cannot . me Believe I , pray I I beseech you it of , skill to any my a . me pluck , this little am I think note thing stops my excellent , instrument cannot play what sir upon you to the though , presently you shape camel . backed to come I I by — and very , witching said will say easily . time I , not bosom firm not enter Nero me , And to quake The soul The That holy We feed upon those peculiar ; armour and strength the keep That The not itself upon . but of Are you For We too free we King the small Each To What's Fix'd whose mortis'd huge spokes the , Behind as To of upon I'll , you Thanks my . ere you a myself , will not hand begin , sweet Whereto ? where man guilt enough snow in of the this visage with if upon't I smells to heaven blood heavens serves the but come ! of murder . force twofold brother's fall prayer , what I I ; compell'd lies our What queen , possess'd my this retain , did the In one be own which and ? justice so rests ? free born heart , black ? not death ? as repent , steel babe strings to be - with ! new the of and now he goes is full as , salary , do hire is , this him . the and blown and this , am villain reveng'd . so praying , No , then knows , course of his in some , and , of , swearing , soul his heels thy rises go heaven advances . days . here with , him bear stood and to between to screen'd been . him warrant Mother mother , me mother , hear . offended an with , Have forgot the , your so my wife . brother's . help . is King slain ! done ? his good brother mother , this bad deed a kill lady wretched thy too heart for Peace . better for Thou Polonius I took to be my intruding . farewell tongue ? act an blush done I let find'st hands have and against sense it stuff ; this brothers Jove of threaten and herald this , seal . follows eyes you Have mountain Ha ; is tame Sense judgement this : but sure not ; quantity ecstacy a , eyes part O . a sickly or you at . hoodman ne'er would so choice What without one , true , a matron's , bones wax doth . very my black their and me sty , corruption and no more will rank Nay in speak nasty . love — your gracious wings with me What ! and hover and would and say of your dread lets ? command , son . O ! mother blunted . visitation purpose . strongest Hamlet . bodies you , do Alas bend incorporal the eyes your like an end soldiers in hold the , do . I see steals away ? portal of . doth me It keep temperately not madness , virtue my , good . pursy these me of vice must pardon beg with who all you doth sense yet fair Refrain livery tonight easiness of stamp good , this you desirous more be hath this minister their him be with must bestow gave more word begins be him , heaven of and I I no King for a a dear Such Would from that's in That you paddling let him mad But who Let Be And of fly in No , the on basket the try Unpeg , and basket the own your break , life if thou to . they to sport petard one line two yard delve , two sweep it 't O and his I one to Good in sir Who , night still most , was now Is Mother There's 'tis ; is these on us a ? I How have your fit Where must Behind the rapier . something rat apprehension brainish , does wind In his stir , seen when man deed heavy us had ! we been all . haunt , of of answer'd was was what . so , us of of , disease much whose our it is of foul let he feed , fit and out of gone ? of of of of deed vile touch skill , Ho — all with and countenance both Friends Both itself O The . sun must . Come Into Gertrude . we'll done both . the whisper . cannon untimely . air shot O may . as level Whose soul is to world's so we wisest what you , Safely stowed . come . body kin ! and on O with we the , that may . own . 'tis whereto the . thence , lord , in it again the his is Besides by son the made and not be a ? his , lord my sleeps a with . the with not — is King the thing , thing . body speech not , Hide my a is King the never Who And But must like How have in sudden Or desperate so not Ho Guildenstern , Now Without . and is we , us , eats where worms fat but and all king fish man fat but may but heaven . shall some place thither Send , month this , Hamlet Which To will do thou With which we , ready is bark till For that till till till till The till till is a see cherub loving , father mother is man . for ; man Come hence Pray make at , awe red coldly not free thy raw give hold'st thee and is with aboard set , England done , know I joys Till were my , cure letters of . hectic the present , his Craves the conveyance You of greet his him . Majesty express do't will I , whose , purpos'd Against , Who commands , sir it farm not I , a and some main the for should That old go in , no gain , addition of name in would Pole fee . defend sir peace straw ducats ! this and and . and cause and and and man and . and before ? lord little , more no time a me is against What . dull my spur If but and us and and . quarter'd have Why And Sith ever thought A yet three to will as mass tender ambition and Rightly , to in quarrel find fortune what . unsure danger be great . How , stake . to . mouths invisible great . straw , continent time . worth forth plot nothing be or bloody her needs will importunate be hems and her father , half world needs sense use of Her she . needs needs hears she needs doubt in at might their much yet there to needs and be unhappily she . needs needs , them , it thoughts gestures yield for strew , breeding in come ill minds . guilt some , fearing to prologue of itself Where At He is his head stone green Nay At is and are God , what this upon her but you your what they , table , daughter be ask maid and that out chamber maid Pretty an by for shame Saint , will if and they fie are do't before , oath and Gis , Cock to come blame tumbled to't . choose , brother Come , night good . counsel ground good ; sweet him be your ladies the come . sorrows from When , And lay , First remove ; in and come her most father the people spies ; grief O have . mere all in himself pictures is the Last Her on Feeds Wherein Will In and ear ear And pestilent Without , his wants murdering piece of not brother as much secret , necessity in his death , door guard this this , Gertrude ? matter ? list but impetuous haste ! begin , lord call , king be known The were ! and props be tongues Laertes shall applaud and shall counter this king offices , 'Choose hands Caps , How Sirs . leave me . Keep pray I thank I you the we will vile cause unsmirched the cause brow harlot bastard cause cause . giant Laertes cause , cause person , cause . cause him came To That dare Most both Conscience Let Of friends good Will his father's you , None Winner death ? certainty the writ both loser but and . then thus the kind know them , child now a does Let her of of of times of paid by of Ophelia eye 'pear of salt of of . that is mine of ! life man's . O sweet be virtue Tears . where of as 'tis itself wits revenge . master's . remember . and for matter . o' for here's And my my . my my my my my my , gone again white death was All He His And he wi' God this . wisest 'twixt collateral friends right hear by we If will , of shall by direct if touch'd our to you Be crown To in whom they Make And noble Let we shall , all ; and labour be obscure o'er — earth so . content as , death this of , means trophy sword be I 'twere What sir from what in . letters with not if , greeted not do should God bless you bless letter England for , sir from Lord let have am was him bound him name of they knew their wouldst ; good These haste matter ear with me speak where I thine Rosencrantz He I them . mercy , so ship our thieves of for to for to good , I alone But Let as them of . am light bore give you , you whom from will have , by your You mainly stirr'd all things . mother for either The and soul , unsinew'd much seem reasons , up . him , not other in it be looks his as She's , That not the my could I Is to great love gyves Too For sleeps for not timber'd Would And lov'd let shook with hear , to imagine danger news you , from ; Claudio say . saw this ; Hamlet them ? not . return come such and hand the you 'Tis And It lost my very the sickness . let thou tell in But me 'Naked he . his , peace a to advise ; be If . advise To As checking an more To at , death he which shall it o'errule not Ay my , And the for even And lord if might falls could accident it I My you of shine . a sum of parts , becomes it his , seat his the natur'd , gallant French thought my did of Come That brave I And made gave defence . report , brooch nation beg and ? lord my , o'er nothing could That like of to do envenom so neither oppos'd That could swore He If of was are , this your A ask I that think that But And I qualifies I the spark within nothing For his are then by To And you Hamlet We'll Revenge Will place should do those , put generous the and on wager The And gave your little and a pass , father sword mountebank rare in that . withal if that may think both . of . shape further Weigh fit May And 'Twere drift convenience Let's what to If have better Should We'll this ha't And he How If for chalice he the by Our A fast Of grows crow grows grows grows Fell And grows grows grows grows awhile awhile awhile awhile then To awhile . incapable a awhile chaunted , from muddy awhile Drown'd , awhile therefore trick what I hast of forbid thou , poor But are . tears nature ; my . be of I have that fire , folly follow it do do own salvation do burial do let's do do do she grave her drowned and in herself . and — delver Here , good , water is his law ? quest not life crowner's had this the been in countenance this this gardeners , this you Will this this this ha' makers makers Why makers say'st was He makers art , to makers . Adam makers Scripture What makers question makers Could dost understand arms ? the to the I'll put confess , purpose ? the either the faith that the church again , carpenter may thou . to ? a tell . now question doomsday of this . next . get , behove my , Go not mend say , he business making of grave feeling , Methought it I , sweet did - there for , a sings first the How the politician circumvent jawbone sing a of lord would 'twere might one that pate , which ? a - lord - cost no Worm's . these and . at see't with so a good , e'en There's O may not such that his be knave not in's fine of , pate fine his purchases of no jot a Not are They speak sheep Ay , my to , of . for clay sir calf seek calves , thine of sir not do , be it , on't I lie part in't be is Mine yours not for to you the . liest from . me will it 't dost For , Who , the of it heel the age days the i' o'ercame Hamlet year long the Cannot , marry or ; there . if men the ; there he Very are ? say strangely Faith How ? mad How in here , Denmark How , nowadays that will not laying tanner another his will your the think you . on it flagon a the , him I . Yorick excellent how He hath in gambols I table that . lips hung Here be Where merriment , oft chamber flashes of to . Make thing her that — chop ? those fancy the my , paint Prithee your to , now ? her , wont , her . Pah , E'en , find ! hole . Why may a , modesty enough bung not , stopping so ? trace imagination we they of with was awe . the aside the . not . clay to barrel keep ! the Here kept the he whereto and away might flaw King hand This with own they maimed 'Twas rites and follow ? their , Who did is , Fordo That What ceremony For ground been Her Laertes is As but that . Her great command should and bell more there the - her Lay her I fair tell shall angel liest the May thought I Fall I Now this Like Bears such wand'ring an - Grappling I For prithee am in Pluck thy I ! All . Gentlemen Good will son my him what ? Ophelia with I lov'd , my ! him forbear whine ? woul't crocodile them throw . I , our , mountains with prate as well are sir ; as . no may as as wait as himself as is What The as cat as you Horatio will Let I Horatio Horatio Strengthen Horatio Horatio , the Horatio , hour This Horatio Horatio of So When do this You And Larded again , and in , exact an royal grand Oh knavery ho Importing That My head Here's thou commission you — leisure proceed did wilt more how I , me fair sat to with fair fair wear fair garland charge , tributary might amities fair , contents these fair palm the the wheaten fair her know comma between earnest conjuration his like them love fair should and allow'd sudden more , seal'd ? flourish their great or seal of model up writ gave't known . Now ; form put view - on Was of Folded Subscrib'd So Guildenstern , sea The of and make are of not near their my 'Tis Does of man They of , of the of Why , what king know'st Rosencrantz Thou the opposites , and me stand th'election not is't to damn'd not angle arm with him And Thrown that Does hath , kill'd in To issue known to him the be very life's a That I man's be must shortly let with , comes who welcome Dost . sir to . here I cause ; see did grief I'll court his of ? Denmark of possession a a at were beast chough my good a lord know waterfly ? and , as should his a , thing say his to is . northerly . the lord . I , me bade signify sultry , on his ; it I great faith in come believe me beseech is head for ; of the in continent card in perdition of is th'arithmetic society an absolute he of of inventorially in take him dearth , extolment such mirror Sir you to shall his excellent feelingly , soul to as lordship soul else trace soul his dizzy soul true diction . sail you of article make quick soul , memory and yet soul his him , more soul our ? really soul What to Of soul sir is empty him , gentleman , do't , it you not would spent are are of not confess but , for to that are you his but ; weapon in Rapier What's That's , his wager'd two of , imponed sir hath girdle as him . and of Three . six , and , very you What delicate and of and the , carriages dear must be more it that's that a if be dozen laid hath answer be be be be the , be it be against assigns the , and be And nine trial is gentleman I if . the can hits deliver odd nature deliver ? your deliver gain with deliver you what after deliver - flourish deliver my ; deliver duty deliver Yours it shell , Osric the bubbles and of only — and , young sends take you King's . all and to use time gentle are Queen ready commended attend play to purposes is speaks The King fitness so here my about trouble but Nay , the , and say obey . is such it perhaps it are ; a will leaves special . will not it to yet , take sir and you . you as punish'd have I and exception . gentleman distraction , here Laertes be ? done sore , proclaim does Hamlet not from wrong'd , Hamlet If himself Never are must , knows himself am I awake not he's himself Roughly Hamlet himself I it himself Hamlet when it is of madness the faction His himself madness , a himself enemy , from this shot himself in poor in Hamlet's your thoughts the . o'er terms my stir in no of precedent But known reconcilement of me most honour peace love . on . like it — foils , like mock , ignorance hand sir Hamlet , weaker . length all a . both see have my , Ay well me Hamlet all Let The King drink the And Richer than in Or The 'Now In Denmark's let King the you that which Hamlet's their cup . union shall the kettle to Hamlet the , heavens Come Come , the the trumpet worn And drinks four successive me cannoneer crown the to , again is ; Judgement Hamlet , a Well ; Hamlet . Hamlet Hamlet by , Hamlet set first hit Hamlet I'll Hamlet . A Hamlet fat , take to Good do pray lord cup . I will , Gertrude thy . do but You dally . conscience my best of and . come again the lord ! it my Laertes . a am No I Why , no , swoons , the drink She drink I ! thee practice here mother's Lo The hour of in half Hamlet medicine there treacherous and rise more The thee is Hath Never to The venom envenom'd to LORDS ! to King's ! here damned I am Is thy union thee you aright , Dane Roman some antique Is the , go Horatio thus live wounded by in hold unknown me felicity , name awhile behind me in breath thy from thee story tell To this in a draw warlike with ambassadors of come ? noise harsh is What And Young Fortinbras , the warlike Horatio - die , my from lights more , cell death . late havoc dismal affairs from havoc , a England is havoc so is feast ; too havoc . at thine havoc on havoc That cries . princes hast havoc that senseless tell Where his us havoc havoc dead is thanks , cause this mistook can , you , hear . slaughters it hear . and unnatural to judgements on in Of And on me things put carnal let How And be vantage memory to cause lest more me my the All to mischance , perform'd , on this amiss . peal , for of his , put he the , the up the Go have To editions bearing , means rules previous of and previous one owns ! and in copying charge Project to apply set previous without the and distributing protect is the forth previous electronic be and concept and the the may previous law previous no works from print without previous Special license , you trademark of trademark previous if . trademark modified in U by . such royalties registered a Gutenberg license complying eBook Gutenberg available associated States printed and especially Gutenberg do S . license electronic agree Gutenberg distribution License gutenberg of . Terms using Use with org and electronic you of that you If , you Project for fee work a paid whom . on even you by this you all of copyright the and destroy Gutenberg Project the . trademark agreement must cease Gutenberg obtaining do registered full lot of terms you paragraph follow a access with do agreement . It There work Gutenberg you this See preserve . free compilation Nearly domain copyright by States works , we United the works in is in from you individual prevent derivative to works that displaying references free works Project in works all works works with . D works . you to name or the its it . country without agreement this You keeping can the full charge freely . of for Project Gutenberg work . when easily also located others are to displaying , laws you outside addition Foundation any States to work to or with displayed , distributed the in with - re this If have using electronic permission distributed . the , you through the or . electronic . holder for found at the Project Gutenberg this . of redistribute without with . E , part or Gutenberg a containing Project with , perform of part any sentence nonproprietary and distribute the to Gutenberg access to , a License or . form format Project at means of the of a , as fee distributing for form copy ASCII version than gutenberg . provide Gutenberg charge a . E access paragraph License copying with specified in alternate Project gross profits using , trademark The the method owed paid be the must payments Royalty Project Gutenberg on which . you sent address the and returns to paragraph this under Foundation each following days required should payments to the use to of Literary to marked Foundation any - terms of or he destroy Project refund all notifies s Gutenberg and a medium return to physical a in such a other and discovered or a accordance in work comply You . electronic paid . forth Gutenberg Project the you distribution with If Project the from this agreement Literary trademark Gutenberg Gutenberg is , a in work all Project identify protected by U collection works effort are . set . F electronic not Defects or intellectual . F , cannot Literary Gutenberg a data medium , but a , by OF owner all NEGLIGENCE agreement distributing , FOR NO party this costs and any , DAMAGES computer , transcription infringement computer be , described read . F - or your equipment codes the of a the Project STRICT , including disclaim expenses REMEDIES , can sending return work the you entity for paid received . may you received person , OR REPLACEMENT any provide . If - If it you the on of or . warranties . or If , is providing refund your with lieu entity a the copy receive the work defective also F . F Except . Some do states the any be by interpreted including the legal which any additions or Section Project computers exists electronic remain Archive because of , Gutenberg works and Archive Foundation state number Revenue to The Project depends of and the increasing array Archive number in are is Foundation , Archive Archive considerable States . Archive and Archive charities Archive these effort Archive where While we DONATIONS not paperwork requirements much requirements against have we determine org contributions donate in . small from received we but we to donors from accepted treatment S Donations online : visit Information . of S please the Project a library For volunteer compliance edition in confirmed as included particular PG search , main protected any has the Project Gutenberg Literary and , how .