Stand . Nay , and there live your . Barnardo me Who's thee He , Have And relief For struck I much thanks . heart at . bitter . stirring had Not of my , Who . hath night ground . Barnardo Barnardo ! you . night who , him good has , Horatio ? there what , I this of A tonight nothing our this and him belief sight watch He And will not let have I again 'twill . come to this along night appear it story ears . we down speak , all , of this that of night , hear bell The When What we made course it now same his Last Barnardo Marcellus westward the , Horatio , me harrows Most Where break In Thou , Looks It Question like ; to this like . art it thou the is march In ? that with . would be buried fair usurp'st of and Horatio heaven away offended . stalks will ! Horatio this something 'Tis How ! I and You believe this not true avouch . fantasy and . King armour to had combated he ; eyes own sensible parle watch . hour not sore the haste war from whose week with shipwrights of of day cannon watch ; most the subject strict nightly , toils tell and and Sunday the of implements - joint appear'd Fortinbras Norway of our most to . which him , Sunday compact , esteem'd a valiant pride , the : Hamlet King ; conqueror the competent , and world cov'nant Fortinbras the by of ; vanquisher with he Which Did , seiz'd which our the by Against Was His he ; young full enterprise , there , as been to in Hath post motive watch those unto us , other be it - haste And this our no and father But a stomach recover doth As by The I may our this like wars the watch of appear in't ; strong take it chief land head . dead fell the to is it stood tenantless the high and through rummage this of think it , precurse harbingers Was the of the And the almost like doomsday still omen and . it on voice where me or Lo empire fierce preceding earth together coming Stay , behold , soft , I'll to be there to to thing , me done and , be good do Speak But Unto heaven to prologue hast any our grace , avoid . ease comes If it thee thou they Speak Stop earth me to may For which of treasure in the womb oft and , in O thou it hast Stay of , in ! my Marcellus , it Shall Do I , if it at , It then to our vain is it 'Tis To We it offer wrong gone do being air the the of mockery , invulnerable violence , guilty a . crew have his hies spirit at in And object the Some on his confine or Th'extravagant This It bird of ever 'gainst crowing birth singeth night that the celebrated abroad , comes herein . air sounding throat warning , or truth the season probation cock . to advice . tonight , him it with clad mantle part in us o'er the dew , heard look have Unto our ; us , we acquaint my seen eastward it , my life speak will have hill . our him , I and conveniently fitting duty . brother's Though memory hearts contracted in in far Therefore Th'imperial as sometime our That one jointress with ourselves him queen think it dear , grief and our fought that on with our , of all freely gone barr'd marriage in dole frame our young our Fortinbras worth death of , law . him much . valiant father the to disjoint thinking Your that by to hath not fail'd with Importing Or Now Now for To by our Thus Who The further this lists of good of this and , hears are we to old , the bearers , his ; these you Out , to Farewell and all nothing : our duty . made Norway power the . your we What not voice cannot Than The The is head thou is't to , Laertes ? pardon France coronation , says What leave your gracious duty your again father's to must confess leave duty , and me to time ; Hamlet thy be go than is He I little now But A Aside , Good let eye my leave him give Hamlet , thy colour too friend vailed must die , Denmark lids the to . eternity . lives common on , be it common 'tis know'st seems If so madam ? nature noble , for that cast ever like father , through all thee with particular , not alone Nay 'Tis Nor all haviour it it cloak of the ! fruitful of suits suspiration , of dejected customary No I have denote can But are with nor These but truly These shows forc'd river moods might show ; to Hamlet grief , in the a and nature lost father , woe your the father term of man the the give must know and will . in condolement . father his , But the actions me they in within , and which trappings in father To in That you in in death so corse , and We unprevailing Fie 'tis a still hath to us the ; a must fault against he that died note nobility no most . most reason Why the know understanding heart A it of fathers whose today throne our think you common peevish to and is as , son bears ' , immediate And Than Do our take of absurd toward beseech lose mother Our not . eye our , to desire , Hamlet . our . not best madam ; us with stay thy Let thee all Why His canon 'gainst self How on't ! and things ; the and in , melt that weary merely dead months Thaw that the Everlasting me stale ! it Possess By Let With what Visit me not it Must her fed increase ; remember ? on on't ere she married more — brother ; but wants month like mine were reason uncle discourse Why my yet even old father's , to post incestuous my with , think she or little Niobe Would . O month of . Hercules salt most . to good sheets hold . lordship ! I . And . glad am or I Horatio ? with from good that Marcellus change I Nor But what very am My good to glad truant , my truster what to I . not mock me I But make you your teach Thrift my had seen that dearest marriage heaven . the The wedding student - hard Horatio tables follow'd . him saw like again . goodly lord had met see father my methinks , my was ? Who upon all in him take King ? King father for , the a while marvel to you may . hear my ! deliver gentlemen I these watch they pie - like of and and them fear surprised - the of , walk'd , night , your father , the , them , Barnardo and figure . point stately not to dreadful slow the of . where platform you speak to the it like your , impart they kept . made word . upon it made lord to answer lord speak . sight in did once our it as like up My My then cock it shrunk from To did indeed , it crew 'tis , haste would , And but down lord my live Hold let we And As do , MARCELLUS , my you say Both lord ? Arm'd . my Then countenance lord wore his he , or pale red ? upon his fix'd , would And Most constantly anger ? amaz'd Stay'd tell a might and Very much much saw't ? much . have , much It Not His as much Perchance A much my peace hell father's will tonight watch you it have it If And bid hold person , walk will warrant 'twill sight tongue , all , ye to as to : night is were All : still loves I I then them . not farewell visit I'll , spirit soul play my would the deeds will come ; Do me , are , men's the sister you , his favour benefit embark'd , fashion doubt For it not The doubt violet the you give from not . doubt hear let But Forward A Hold doubt , The inward the he this doubt doth doubt soul and mind as not . but no For thews Carve may is soil . bulk and The greatness his service For His And now no nor his persons his this far your loss deed his Unto It is for , subject to choice do ; state circumscrib'd says in main what credent his Ophelia , lose Then the too Or it , fear prodigal enough beauty maid her shot , heart To weigh his fits saying your wisdom so may dear desire , spring lies in else good this Youth to shall my th'effect then , rebels watchman Do are The And are Whilst the as and puff'd primrose like the me Himself are the morn their galls buttons be none lesson are . imminent , though are safety are of . thorny are I The , double blessing Laertes a , leave grace ; my me But smiles ? upon is here . O too sail comrade adoption of steel thought unproportion'd . these sits in There precepts few in thoughts . tongue soul , thy thy but with hoops with unfledg'd act tried entertainment voice : thy can few gaudy : false edge rank ; thy man best the , the it above loan apparel oft purse . reserve thy proclaims and in select borrower all not then my , this Are But thine express'd not And This Thou And thine thine 'Tis lock'd . thine . it thine thine blessing my Farewell thine What So , you What my shall in said servants to memory hath he the Farewell you Hamlet late bounteous daughter as — of understand so yourself please , you told me If He behoves caution put of : your Given Marry well very ; free must , green call them . 'tis — your up me my you lord and . to his know I'll teach have you Do Or Pooh Which Marry That , Running are not thus crack ta'en My — Ay not you ; wind you'll hath honourable it his to of go , lord you he , tender with countenance all springes hath given the fashion the me . With And fashion to , do the ; time , making he may For . in a given so much scanter must their promise Set Than Believe take of In dye that Not Do of mere But implorators vows you larger that rate From maiden . blazes , daughter in extinct - a your than heat a is it as , not something your for ; a to entreatments ; command ; his be beguile slander ; in plain or , give I charge words so talk lord very ; shrewdly ; all for is terms is eager cold lacks think I Indeed Wherein heard No I is , held does ? is Rhenish thus and custom a and draughts swaggering upspring trumpet ; is't of it I am , Ay mind the , the is a here , custom west and nations . drunkards and revel the tax'd and height with marrow The Soil And my in headed addition chances and our As This clepe us ; it achievements birth nature o'ergrowth of cannot the pales choose though though oft some for though their From though They our though vicious , wherein nature are too much one — men though grace doubt a of though dram evil may they or pure as , of Fortune's manners , that , from I'll or defend royal Dane a in father , Be speak to wicked or grace health bones hearsed in but , sepulchre questionable call thee tell cerements Have me canoniz'd saw we their , in ignorance jaws , steel this answer , mean ; shape blasts such heaven . his Say why Wherein thee burst Making horridly hideous corse thus to , thou With , Revisit'st dead , As thoughts So with it of impartment To more with do will No ; removed some to Do what should ? to fee pin's fear a can immortal . forth , my , soul And a again as lord , cliff it itself follow , the the horrible of it other base assume into of flood some toward summit the beetles there deprive your what Why do Being it of it , sea sea to Think madness it What Which might his dreadful many so you Without looks place very And draw That hears more And As Still your I makes Hold rul'd cries lion's petty the make your nerve Unhand . follow that me your . a Go say hardy your My your fate you shall this your am on imagination issue not with , him me , lets thee . to him I'll me , it will is wilt Mark . tormenting no Speak . Whither me . poor Must I is sulph'rous up ghost unfold to I to When So art shalt the fires days fast hear . serious , house am nature night . spirit father's to thou a the for What am I And foul the Till for thy term certain away prison in forbid spheres , I my combined hair , God O eternal stars tale unfold freeze their word lightest whose like the . end list be not list O on ! that wings as unnatural is swift . love of , noble ear Hamlet , with that soul ! shameful his so me a ; prophetic The Ay So The it From to wit his and ! my me That of , will seduce most seeming , wit , in to mine that have , there virtuous gifts the queen the never heaven be decline vow , was with falling ; to that off , of his lust ; stole , in were dignity of even as a in I of in scent garbage within the Sleeping on prey methinks to virtue made in wretch poor link'd angel in my hour as gates it it body ; in ; in vial uncle morning afternoon thy of ; posset mine doth courses in of , into the droppings bark'd and body , of blossoms , even lazar a most , I my sleeping crown but smooth with instant All , it , dispatch'd sin ; disappointed the by a did vile on to hand loathsome eager , natural The No Of off . and reckoning not But Taint Cut With horrible hast howsoever mother thy thy A Let ! all , unanel'd my ! in account . not be soul . act let thee Remember , pale shows aught glow And adieu The thou this ! records seat memory Remember forms all and saws , wipe Yea distracted globe , from this But And Ay shall you you , thou I'll That youth And baser commandment trivial of . book most pernicious of all not grow up all of That , 'Adieu It uncle is tables smile , may I there it , adieu you is woman shall live my Yes smiling I smile , damned brain heaven by set villain , are sworn't , be down it . villain a and in Denmark ' ; remember . Hamlet Heaven Within , lord my ? boy , ho , How Hillo ho Within So secure ! come noble lord ? news lord Nor I No , lord , lord , my lord it lord once ? in lord ne'er How lord say But HORATIO be my lord lord , fit every To dwelling , desire for my point part : circumstance shake go business are all Denmark from , the at all ; it your words offend you pray hands you — hath . lord , here Horatio , us friends , soldiers scholars . O'ermaster't For your you , Give Saint Yes , ghost desire as As honest but there And this . not MARCELLUS have tonight swear't . will . seen . not I . and HORATIO , we faith Upon stage sword my under Indeed upon Cries We have Come boy , sworn on you , lord faith lord . Art so hear lord my speak this Propose this fellow . seen . you my . sword . cellarage . that , shift Swear we'll Beneath hither your speak by hands Then Swear again again more Canst i' th'earth so . friends again strange , is wondrous . again , and heaven again Swear again . Beneath said And therefore are As 'Well Or With , or before dreamt as , night O day things encumber'd know' or pronouncing , speak' to we by There odd an at That of put I perchance or me — to be - never , seeing arms , Or So , what t'express not poor love mercy With all , love so , do And your The joint lips friending commend do Swear . to you . a gentlemen Swear man and . to a . a ; a a , Nay Give do wisely a , Reynaldo set together , spite it notes these , good . marvellous you me I , to . my and money behaviour did intend said Danskers means , where are inquiry sir ; keep Paris and expense in question finding more it . friends knowledge touch will his , lord wild rank , go may would . to breathe taints it in on him the scandal but seem : open another put is season of unreclaimed lord ? of outbreak blood , know here's drift would I you do my fetch soil'd little , in you prenominate would th' son warrant that , in 'friend , this , be the or addition consequence ' with or According , or to in the in 'closes about and consequence' : yesterday such and : in's ; such 'I and o'ertook a house enter , Your Or then , At At 'closes 'friend you him falling was , t'other marry , know , or , with with or of and with directions and wisdom , So you b' my lord wi' Good fare you . yourself advice have I you I in his him . music shall let Well Observe inclination lord , matter . the God stockings , his Lord Ungart'red shirt had he down head was doublet his gyved to knees so been thy piteous in his , as I and Pale lord , Then he to by What ? and purport each , out fear it . for , Mad Long his , down up all shatter his seem'd And end And And to For He doors . to done bended me is This with , go the . their way went head Come the to o' violent will ecstasy of go seek , heaven am I . hard , itself , me . King — undertakings the oft afflict you as leads does , I I have lord him natures but our given his I heed and but jealousy him did and letters ourselves for go younger the , is discretion am That that with made seems it grief that we The known Welcome Since Of More Moreover th'exterior death from dream so since So That as , from draw I being Some , To cannot much nor his of That by Might the visitation and receive supply us more am gentlemen Good And he I expend to sure whom To , Put power entreaty , obey your pleasures more . of us bent , some Hamlet of you . is gentlemen and these our Thanks And and here give up service be lay your at and and , and , Guildenstern visit Heavens and Norway still and Are my my hold you Th'ambassadors I Thou Have , hast been duty and my my my , trail this gracious brain King , liege soul sure found great to Hamlet's I that . do ; to first admittance and do that them do of do do hear to very The do of speak I death do is and His The it , me grace my of the be tells source Say ! friends sift him . him to and , return , Voltemand , was hand , Highness into , preparation ; whereat Polack he look'd a nephew's our fair his before he in borne ; So might an That such in overcome thousand of arms crowns uncle in out obeys . soldiers his ; never , quiet enterprise to herein , before as three Norway old To Gives at , our As your commission the and labour home night for rest your thank your set allowance . together : well we'll is expostulate ended night night of and , the outward soul day time , mad is what , be night majesty This business and call nothing is , tediousness ; brevity limbs be that go . flourishes and brief I More But the but to with I 'tis but else is't I Therefore since Were Madam But we rather remains and effect this Or I , swear 'tis For in mine , surmise — now true then out grant , 'tis That it given Thus farewell it cause of and cause defective soul's vile but gather Now and obedience she thus . and . vile , Perpend and mark beautified is and Ophelia and hear her a and most sun be numbers stars liar the are , have ; art faithful , machine whilst these thou from ; to ; best thee never a will to doth I is believe ; him me and , hath best ; fire O , am I This fell by given ; how ; means his to she of think do you my hath , love mine lady above obedience I I What what on you ? his me receiv'd ear As If I fain As Before Or hot perceiv'd had hot love must your with mute table here what But of hot When prove this , told dear Or hot hot Majesty daughter my had might hot Thence Fell my I 'Lord my upon a winking did and thy precepts his no of . I , and wherein we 'tis this weakness , make , declension raves by into into fruits receive herself a Hamlet not she , into And Which done , to Into Thence to he This tokens , the took tale , the all madness a a positively otherwise said ? that prov'd may It there have be ? for that , otherwise will were That I been such Not , Within is this this from circumstances lead me this . Take truth know he time encounter . my daughter him . to then no from If for arras does he a you be and Be I love her state carters and try will a assistant he thereon it . I'll You Here such fall'n reason We where Away I'll , But not Let And me lord a a . sadly presently does Well board look I mercy away leave , good do you give ? me . Not I would Honest breed if to be honest That's you Have I her walk sun a For a th' ; that sun a maggots Aside I a this a not first And . truly a Between who is What , at not speak in - potently Slanders you most believe that , weak yet my Into out old hold I , gum tree ; and they not honesty ? reason leave will I leave my my and which sometimes you his . of more will you life , part take humbly life I him and my old fools is there . tedious Lord Polonius to My . the go Rosencrantz excellent ! thou Ah ? earth over her the , Neither waist my soles how , the . strumpet or lord cap are , privates true honest grown a her O that friends world's ? hither the lord parts the secret is Fortune you my , deserved to , which o' being world many my , But your news good you , you think one confines is nothing . prison ? worst the , there ; me and dungeons bad . one ; in Denmark so ambition a the bad substance dreams the of is indeed , A in dreams ambitious ambition of airy the too count . king that is . space infinite , Which I could and I , merely dream hold to such ROSENCRANTZ and you . th' and our my ; you my by fay for , But ? attended Were but no thanks most sent not Elsinore , a it too Come Is inclining should But purpose we , the confession kind anything your it Is , enough the , must you to ever - preserved whether better you craft is sent have for rights were . by . no What you for . sent could obligation the dear , a we so King not , Queen , and my . with . eye I have To an for . off you , your late exercises lord why I secrecy tell I and will excellent this form in of Man not And , delights , moving other canopy majestical to work is , goes lost moult mirth this noble in , action custom of have disposition o'erhanging forgone this , congregation a sterile , that ; brave , to why it of of this , reason admirable and foul than no in man not delights offer coming you delight are hither shall my receive He the , lord welcome use humorous , be you no stuff nor woman his lungs , the not think players me of Why did Even How it profit such take . shall that plays the shall Do I think the same so estimation chances their No comes better means of the reputation innovation Are . ways did they Do it indeed not ? but there on them — These . for't — quills they so , wonted rusty . now ? question , say wrong them own — better against their to their writers ? was There . the sides the on much been tarre poet to make if to , most , they , argument bid no them if they are ? both and . of do as it money load ? throwing much question there sin there is not that they ; do at , would fifty something is a , his of , in . out There is welcome to are Gentlemen , welcome garb fairly welcome outward . what - appurtenance you of this my , from father appear and ceremony the are like , players . You . The deceived mother When handsaw . a know you you lord , than yours . are I . clouts old . is — Mark it say they his out yet , You man Roscius you to actors I I The have are news . Upon Buzz each actor honour ass tragedy his — an , poem history , scene , buzz , a tragical too , the ! thou men for hadst only treasure are Plautus - or . daughter well . he ? he ? lord old he and he follows he that I he , God you know , more was For first It of pious pass , you comes , to came masters , are good . row What Nay , not . look heaven to ? me a altitude gold of are welcome the be , falconers . anything of nearer face ring glad friend beard your of , my will to thou chanson , all . my O welcome am to my young I than valanc'd thee is us God Come . lady by Com'st ladyship chopine a ? was but , was , I as the called said there handsome no it but I mine pleased never lord a the quality heard , once , play judgements , I . well to caviare thee not matter author , chiefly and purpose , now black whose : line in the scenes much matter , might the that more 'Twas . Hath he his this especially where loved Black With That With To God Striking my Pyrrhus Priam But Repugnant senseless ; sword Ilium rage match'd strikes where good accent good , sword antique . you His discretion head hideous lo th'air will his to against . see Did a seem'd milky his sword , his to stick matter the , anon and the ; often bold As silence in we So , on i' . storm stood below dreadful after new Mars's On Out Now than on take fellies from her wheel , for bleeding work you ; hammers - proof less And strumpet Priam heaven of gods sword ! hill Pyrrhus' falls the the barber's Say a with too . long low general , out , bowl In shall 'The 'Mobled is queen' mobled queen' good ? he Prithee or . He's It to the jig A 'Gainst About That's The Unless Would the , blanket Who Run barefoot up and down caught robe that upon clout up tongue Pyrrhus sword the milch his move mortal , with in then tears eyes . sport gods soon , limbs , made , in's of not eyes and . of — Good . them ill their chronicles this epitaph after bounty in . let , of . hear use every live . than and abstracts a bad brief have desert Take them and man after . will , own your Use your merit Use better them friends a play tomorrow . in is of hear set would friend Can We'll old night lines sixteen and till To night Guildenstern that tomorrow . my , good my Follow b' wi' peasant ye my Ay , O my Is it what my in , monstrous soul fiction his in my Tears That . welcome friends . in's function wan'd conceit , here am player own aspect visage tears , free speech do , nothing suiting ; Yet ears amaze with drown he or ? the ear cue horrid I with her , the and dull That Had he to He ? cleave the guilty general him motive weep And Make A - property , and eyes the and What would passion , for would he the the Confound I have of a - The nothing was blows the take and , lungs - for me i' life the , and Am my I in this ? villain Bloody all and it face lie cannot th' pate a my Who ? No me A But To this am should villain my to Remorseless , With my a , Prompted , revenge am Oh offal treacherous fatted bitter lecherous , liver'd it me gives nose the That I make have ass son by ! father dear I vengeance villain , play , drab brave kindless , what I Why scullion whore to the Have have to the the ! I have malefactions tongue have of but blench looks will scene presently power grounds play's King . spirits very of the my be a to . quick . my he me Abuses As to catch from he no this Get you so With him relative damn . the conscience of the this drift days means sounded , circumstance will dangerous lunacy why a would cause Of we But Did When But him forward to be him speak aloof confession . gentleman a like him , him madness crafty on state him in free question his of of him him players told , have him a our . demands . that in They play before ; true him court . of it so his reply fell certain way seem to night there raught it did This as . think the already order of kind about . matter further edge Majesties . content much these a inclin'd and ; heart my and to entreat doth to on purpose my , Hamlet , unseen , hither may judge no is for behav'd . or . of suffers I , I your for That And Will it your so shall be Ophelia , part to wildness good your way hope do I honours , walk — wish wish cause virtues , happy . both wonted To . on visage word plastering my art helps most , cheek lash harlot's not is And To . Ophelia an We , prov'd pious that heavy much that do 'tis speech the not to be the of withdraw . question my , conscience give end shocks thousand sleep a heir - end by and nobler , slings 'tis That be sleep in heart wish'd to perchance to To sleep , is or Whether dream to we give the of . off To the coil come delay of , unworthy office love of might his make law's man's proud , the the whips this dreams , sleep what . death , may bear , time of he bare grunt patient insolence of oppressor's The Thus to the the great of thus conscience Is fly makes Than sicklied this of action . currents turn their And No The your name enterprises o'er regard fair Be honour , I My humbly pray No deliver of re you thank this Good well a , lord have long to not you lord How I There poor these ! things of . you , rich mind honest ? rich My rich lordship your means As rich you rich Are lord Ha , rich ha ? you , to is truly my of beauty better to and What your beauty of admit , lord than the a love . did Could not we Why ; mother yet wouldst but , my the not offences them my am or time shape do crawling . accuse thou be deceived a breeder sinners such I but shall relish honest with , should . as but to to nowhere , I proud have and of of I Go thy earth I , I of . dowry . marry them you given and you made me your wantonness mad , but I . are as shall here already . of make too , jig and hath married nunnery hath a o'erthrown tongue , the quite deject of ! sword , down quite fair most see That Like I of of ladies out . woe feature have form that suck'd of a and the honey noble way a little something on and hatch to , prevent disclose , soul tend his neglected countries , matter . What beating settled variable the it brains But . Lord Hamlet as now , Ophelia ? on't believe , what yet do I please the not where go , it saw the , too trippingly do the you must very tear dumb a . Termagant are rags , tongue . crier I you mouth you , as Nor your to , special . this with both , nature of modesty word let , overdone so observance now , show virtue to tame . soul noise the Be Suit the off the others — players , 'twere . unskilful the O , laugh the make feature the and own heard a seen to judicious , time you neither action o'erstep the that , her , the to at to mirror this that allowance speak I or , end whose as own image cannot your not make overdone in , Now , must nor not . abominably men there , which to bellowed the be barren of most play to , and Christians highly that so the having imitated made , journeymen pagan some , they man O to be that the too more than reform in though , Will , will , service . them GUILDENSTERN , a Horatio and hasten , my lord , ROSENCRANTZ We , ho thou conversation at as e'en art dear , O As , your cop'd , flatter thee flatter'd hear the lick should but my do hast Why , from be pomp knee thou her her of election choice hast been , spirits I good rewards are those , thou For all equal judgement a she stop blood and man Whose As one Since may could dear in thanks . buffets that well co nothing me of I much heart will wear heart suffers , and A are with they To That what mingled have ; my occulted speech , face note seen ; this of seeming my the In And comment of thy soul foot death of , thou Do And I mine Vulcan's after we censure will whilst I play Enter Get the . place , to King I is . Queen and a pay the Rosencrantz flourish aught both his he If detecting steal Danish of : you Hamlet capons Hamlet cousin our you , How the feed cannot , answer . th'university My What ? lord , you a not play'd are chameleon's dish say accounted th' killed kill upon , by . patience me ready ; lord players your so i' you enact ? they my mother . No , King the good ho do lap , head your . you lap ? legs What a my maids' ? matters . lord nothing , lie are is lord my merry What hours , jig - 'tis the two , months outlive ago man's memory ! churches horse build , lord hope there's sables ? heavens . my lord half shall he suffer But Then suit man but be merry ? forgotten , 'For else ; epitaph Queen down unto him . protestation the ! not or is life horse whose months wear devil let twice , black then Nay long O . he great on , King kneels his , She a and him , She end accepts dead the Queen , show my and love The his , makes dead King or her with this fellow this this the gifts . the What We , tell him what players the : it means to , mark naught not that Be what you to you for your and your to stooping Here , prologue the are or lord . woman's As brief hearing my cart Phoebus' , patiently clemency tragedy posy . ground gone a ring orbed borrow'd , in may , ere are Unite Since thirty And our So again me count , proof is fear women's journeys sun Hymen been . late , of distrust you is , too , kind as world leave haply leave grow love love aught or my fear are shortly and love hath so : there . do in be me rest needs confound let kill'd wormwood . marriage first breast the When of I instances Wormwood husband second Aside In None Are thrift my me what but , the : tree be on mellow we that , but you husband I Purpose , Most unshaken like birth fruit Of fall ourselves violence of in ourselves now The passion ending most joy Their , is world our enactures aye left or else nor fortunes to is forget . accident slender us of fortune friends makes love lead , his enemies try , mark you , down poor But For thoughts So Sport I and a , Ophelia , cheer lock To anchor's To once I lasting of joy , and the face ! now strife be awhile , beguile , offence , but lady The , how you in Is never And you ? wife his play This touches but what unwrung : the are , a , Vienna anon is Lucianus our withers This a that . how free my chorus jade one good to and , puppets between keen , dallying lord , you take . if love off cost interpret I , murderer and are to worse Pox , for damnable keen , I could . see your It you faces mistake , ban apt , else creature no magic rank and would black him He On th'garden , written King love choice extant Thy , of , and usurp . Gonzago's ? the lord false fire story how . shall name's Italian the i' murderer frighted rises of . with o'er How All , deer strucken , runs So with sir shoes , and turn Turk this fortunes , whole , O know . rest the on , reigns players ? fellowship , a forest cry , now and very very take might well talk my good Horatio ha I , the For if likes he Why , belike very lord Sir Is my The whole , show him more richer signify . into far put , Good lord No ; to itself his choler some more purgation should me put my discourse into Your wisdom for to lord ; commandment if , not business pardon a courtesy is . cannot do right shall end it mother's the be your , mother answer sir , my hath matter the my you struck and , say is there her a of so behaviour : can ? go ! no mother say such sequel in ten us mother , speak her admiration . My you amazement . you But stonish mother to son My Good upon lord so I your door my were trade our ? closet love did still do lord once of liberty what , And , is you pickers me by and ? do your King of proverb too unmannerly . toil your himself drive you withdraw into me you — one me be that lord I not O , easy thumb give , But 'Tis I as as eloquent know no to command music it unworthy know from excellent what cannot you than cannot you now , mystery ; and ; me , seem would a ? me me fret the , lord you Do almost with yonder see , shape . like in a ? do upon . will am you instrument . you , sir presently speak Queen I come to my bent by — by Or It is mother . yawn . on look this do and witching said very , bitter The heart Contagion By easily time thy . could churchyards to quake How My I in my To him , somever my you dispatch , not hourly as shall stands not And I let I them like madness commission . Therefore endure grow safe those will lunacies you us our us . more , of but and mind . provide ourselves many many religious is . bodies holy Most all the and and but . gulf The upon feed your 'noyance strength The With itself upon alone on whose mortis'd and huge ; many depend mount , groan speedy his to Arm boist'rous ruin . Never alone . GUILDENSTERN a general . footed you , now pray I For ROSENCRANTZ put free and goes we process said , I'll - him said , home a than to ; well you ere you tell I'll that some And speech 'Tis meet makes them audience wisely warrant . you nature call upon . you you the brother's hath rank murder stronger A And , My inclination guilt a pause than there To offence Though It primal as defeats neglect both in the but we this come Then . being forestalled in And like I where stand But be down ? I'll fall force serves brother's What . rain past ? I am my form of murder possess'd , my ? up I Forgive , snow prayer what's fault ; which pardon'd be oft may retain did and by prize so we then ? rests ? above itself not the What . and shuffling 'tis forehead What , can repent ! be free cannot death not , lies th'offence of ourselves our , to strings , assay of . with angels struggling , Help and , may knees ! what O Art , Be might now so , took Now O sole his heaven , To , But heavy . course I heaven May father father do I reveng'd . pat now goes praying is father , And And I'll am I father all To When father 'Tis , Up father crimes my audit his in At gaming , that , him that And hell , has no th'incestuous drunk fit with stands , his of am then soul for thou or more of as . goes his relish fly My Words The never to advances prolongs but whereto rises it may be thy heaven without physic This words thoughts have , the what's ? me coming not . much father I'll , Hamlet thou Now Withdraw , I hear him . idle tongue offended much , Mother go how you , Come the your you Have , Queen forgot , not would are were No And , and I'll Nay the set you that can glass you ! I the then go wilt You by , may ? it so , set , help How , Dead Where What thou do help ? me of see Behind ? A Behind am help ! help dead , King ? his bad bloody deed brother . O bloody O , I what Nay To Polonius As A , kill As Ay Thou took If damned And wringing Leave I to thy better rash your proof have , for me modesty ? dar'st against stuff ; you , some busy Peace braz'd wag thy tongue , so not deed glow makes plucks religion act . the sick at against compound face a vows index , doth rose the innocent such mass brothers . on Jove on in seated of and , himself this threaten kissing to his brow , a now eyes ear follows . a of man indeed form front command : Mercury hill herald to and on Mars curls what This was every A New A Here Blasting on wholesome his on you this is your To That Eyes without hands a feeling part eyes sickly mope . Rebellious shame mutine own fire gives the be charge doth . as , one ! where is sans in youth her virtue a wax shame into tinct very my black soul , no Proclaim Thou And as In Stew'd corruption Nay but to and more in , ears of making spots . of bed , of mine Hamlet enter nasty the speak words of No murderer of A your of slave A of A the cutpurse and twentieth ; part rule kings tithe the , A o'er with the , go , the chide to he's me ? the O say the look , amazement almost This forget . come ! hover What would guards in and , of time Do you laps'd , acting important Do her in Conceit step you , it to do on with you lady , alarm end flame gentle O of , glares , me , pale do Lest stern I you — piteous Then colour you want Will . you conjoin'd ! Upon Would Sprinkle Nothing No Nor is I ? there perchance this tears what see nothing have to ! that did goes he where This Is bodiless cunning very of ! away portal coinage coinage brain your coinage time keep not coinage the It word love within to coinage , is mining what Confess coinage compost on to all yourself what's unseen rank It Yea , O thou hast cleft my leave heart . good , beg twain , half the away a That He likewise shall abstinence the or , devil throw stamp easiness or The Once . beg And either For use And that can curb change And wondrous The death I will bestow I must I gave Not bad One Thus let bloat means , pair with all am 'Twere queen a craft I Make Or For No dear concernings despite of sense and do so ? bat , madness of call for your , shall What the this again bid you do : damn'd matter kisses , in him a the your break own , and the famous , top let out , Unpeg Let from a in , of thou And And try conclusions Be I to life hast know , England I will seal'd There's as I and 'Tis concluded my will I sweep fang'd you , must assur'd neck What I had I so two they Alack on , I ; mines I room . directly O yard Let my way — adders hard sweet , petard the to , delve own with And Whom And 'tis will at in I'll now was with most you . end an , the neighbour this Indeed toward and mother , foolish prating night . fit your 'tis sighs ; as , this on ? the the is out the Gertrude good , my translate There's is us little son a what does seen How . In lord Bestow Ah And his cries is short have Alas shall full deed us bloody , much so restrain'd us , to was out providence everyone our was to kept young , what to of he it foul a divulging owner But most of threats heavy so , to we had , us all . understand the But Shows O'er ship a very body of whom He weeps for some metals the and and touch Ho — shall . the of from it on both in bring this I , Gertrude out chapel his him madness let , the . speak Hamlet , Go And Come Whose full dismay away to . Hamlet . dead come ! GUILDENSTERN ? here . Compounded noise What Who lord , body ? a , Besides what to with . mine chapel 'tis that kin . by should where you soaks sir your sponge can Tell us I of — sponge lord , countenance a for the corner you have be gleaned his service in end , his be rewards his King's , counsel keep , when ape an you , swallowed like . me be replication , such ; I and , not But last them authorities he , sponge the in needs it I am glad lord you with A to I Who Yet How have And like dangerous nothing . to not lov'd not where never 'tis in . sending . Diseases him pause sudden their , now the is , dead We cannot all desperate Or , hath not all smooth and get What appliance seem . grown reliev'd . Bring . At in before ! where's supper Without Bring , guarded , to Ho , him to your variable is is Where certain . ourselves diet emperor fat and , us fat else We beggar . all fat politic , Hamlet ? At may hath that the your . worm That's alas mean worm of eat worms Not a may go king ? progress of , the two dishes maggots for — of dost Polonius the of through a worm with fish thither you month this within Nothing show how Where see shall him indeed go him th'other For that which we this He will i' him , quickness deed . done thine , till . is the ? everything Therefore , send . Hamlet hence knew'st . England , wife , mother . mother foot him not at ; speed him with hence seal'd make done tonight and you love . is may looks and thee thy , Our homage yet power sword process Danish After death letters us thy sovereign must my like For And and at . awe free give Pray , sense , thou aught , full coldly ; done . license by promis'd march a 'tis begun know aught with Fortinbras king . so will I let duty And that him eye his that me You . do't kingdom sir , powers Go Good nephew against for of sir , part Norway pray sir . you ? and ; is it rate and , souls , Polack will defend it and . and with no of and not the or ground it and fee in and Norway to Pole sold ! peace , man inward Two Will This dies thank and ducats without you question already the And Why That God Of feed revenge dull my spur sleep If he Looking us before , or know reason . inform Go a me and in Bestial To and us on do , gross and precisely unus'd and Now whether more , be wisdom , exhort of to parts three by such and I , thought And Led do't I Sure that capability scruple th'event but strength ambition prince earth , to one . live which all Even Is for Rightly a , straw , dare , mortal , and great be to and event and , will divine an to , what with fortune That a numbers trick of be or cannot , time , nothing . a plot for fight enough twenty of death try the pitied be is She Her What worth continent and tomb not , with speak bloody , speaks ? heart doubt indeed , mood needs says things hems . of , father , aim to fit at th' and yield thoughts , them nothing it , they of , is , strew amiss great prologue conjectures were nothing Dangerous Let soul itself To my of beauteous some guilt , may she for , know and hat cockle his should is Where , of Majesty I , what , and dead pray By And He He you is is and gone green , turf . a grass his lady , his but White Pray as shroud the At With bewept How Which mark with to , look Larded all here sweet my lord ! showers , the ; pretty upon of , Tomorrow , say not Conceit words say you a owl They ! no this . may but , what are know dild you in the at and Never , window , out the donn'd clothes his door . chamber , a . make Valentine that , Valentine's your betime I Let Indeed , la an oath Gis Then Alack men By thou You , departed Pretty I'll Charity Saint and , by will hadst long fie by . shame come to't , blame and do't they me to patient be must , your not done are to me sun bed my to come , you , they cold But . Come , I . My I ? i' for watch pray , good . th' grief Gertrude you night brother ; it father good counsel . would thank give the her death of ; close sorrows his , unwholesome remove and , come , slain most death ; the her O come your just battalions in , Polonius' - judgement have fair we and are pictures . and muddied violent First gone and as as beasts , her inter ; not their in ; to and mugger single son own But Next Of and he but author spies people from death beggar'd O stick , his infect himself keeps his matter arraign ear to many , death . in clouds . come of of father's his Her Divided from containing , these , superfluous , murdering me to and With pestilent speeches person dear my superfluous , superfluous , this piece , superfluous Gives , Where superfluous superfluous ratifiers false Laertes they on 'Laertes hands be Danish . call rabble but lord , ' begin to now were world the as , forgot custom not and The is broke . come in leave me . without . are The doors all stand this Where Even Of the father . Laertes brow O Laertes calm my Gertrude divinity treason between to blood the door . proclaims There's Speak his can the not hedge me is man Let — mother bastard , giant such him incens'd thy rebellion looks so what go Gertrude ? father . cause demand How Why , blackest with Laertes . art , Conscience Let the worlds , I this the be fill not to only both dare , not stay my to I profoundest the I'll ! and will I'll far Good for for I'll , give means my for And for you , and for . They for That friends for revenge know loser but , Will kind life wide them and the certainty , both know you level to . ope then ? I'll - with now eye . of . gentleman father's grief you pelican of , true in come her Within noise Tears of of of weight your in your speak death of O up ! of virtue paid Ophelia young times judgement 'pear of . is . shall scale By our madness itself precious where sweet that possible Nature is fine as , kind as on nonny many . of sister seven salt , eye mine May , by , love in on non him , well , mortal a man's life wits fine loves It be a - thy bore After thing rain'd you his more nothing's the didst . daughter the thou And grave wits ! pansies document , remembrance . And pray is and not and thus move . for he here's . than It false There's good ; you made some you rue grace that's ; columbines herb my end to turns Thought Robin a . joy prettiness favour my all . father is come not affliction itself . daisy died is as All never no he not again , hell come again . soul is gone , white come bed . God his away cast mercy God gone ye . as ? dead . Do , his he on And with but 'twixt friends O I your wisest your If of they shall hear and ; patience not call will ? God . wi' b' God Go direct by find Be And we content choice And deny whom judge ; your to we hand grief will life our , crown Our you us His noble to sword death this it to satisfaction . obscure , nor must I heard in from — burial ostentation of give in , you you , rite Let due his , To are they So shall the great fall question heaven bones , go , They Sailors Let letters go with . go with . not I I them go ? me . in of go God bless go if would that speak say from you There's and't th'ambassador if as was . thee too . not if part a King to fellows if him this were , if if from Lord know warlike On boarded slow . shalt have to if I thou England letter for you if for , of But . so sea at Finding days . comes shall chase our turn thou repair words valour Reads , clear like for with , some two I and make haste knew the did have death are . they I wouldst what we very compelled a . they their . your brought you me them , thee letters . sent have too I fly as much yet course letters with these speedier will them I you which heard , seal my me I have in slain , father . life Why crimeful O you for tell me wisdom so not put he by looks almost safety stirr'd all unsinew'd , special mainly you and You , my conjunctive moves not a public perhaps two me virtue , my either bear — myself for , things . The go to that his timber'd graces that their , in and , seem much Queen it not . wood aim'd to . gender be a , mount driven father , them count I not him , bow terms back the revenge that That . on I not think lost wind , go all You so father I , hope not And . You and stuff my desperate beard can we That And your pastime ? Who from of and with shall we teach lord to . saw ? shortly , hear news they shall Claudio . the that him given my I Tomorrow asking beg , pardon more sudden your you Leave brought I them lord , Reads it mean shall naked your I see , Laertes 'High 'Tis a strange . come back occasions the the and , shall in lost That I warms Can postscript Know rest return all some this thing such Are no you you my in to , be it it Will and tell teeth ' , here , not Ay thou , Laertes the my at to No As exploit his lord ; otherwise by rul'd so live diest should his even he , be he work , return'd now me ? How it wind shall the be , it uncharge practice , my choose not to a peace he shall devise right could it . accident voyage the sum pluck you not together much so . mother no will envy , talk'd It since your quality of organ rul'd ; be shine and unworthiest cap the for too in sables my parts . my that . graveness and myself gentleman Normandy , this lord in regard , his against in't such Had As wondrous . of , but , natur'd ? youth less Two his and So of in he I've Here The Yet And With forgery Norman Come can health and months doing been life my A seat , topp'd . Norman That short did . A Upon If you Did Hamlet you 'twould The this report eye , his envy of of a defence brooch the is such rapier . with wish could Sir play this this out What Now them scrimers o'er nothing art And you swore Your you of out envenom nor beg him could one match He face like you the your he That Not But I Why A painting without that that I see , the or nothing And at in is begun your we goodness that growing I And Dies do , and hands still flame love did this ? love spark very will love , father passages snuff wick There by easing : your hurts To To his own like to That pleurisy , do changes ; delays is For goodness , in . But the a are deed th'ulcer undertake in ? than comes there And in Hamlet And this then in The Frenchman set shall you murder good your in fine , heads and on foils free on your are know on Hamlet in We'll put this have indeed keep come in , may choose together in : in close wager not ; shuffling in anoint . that fame you pass your little you bring you remiss that Will the but draws , an Requite , so of , virtue from my , mountebank cataplasm dip do't him a I , of what Weigh It that save simples no a so rare knife I'll him fail death gall the unction I'll my in , and have not look further performance . slightly have this time our might you violent your solemn blast ! that us bouts more drink , dry — see hold bad If your ha't in back convenience of . or proof wager the venom'd but have that , means , your are I'll , he make A chance . Your upon sweet a second for chalice woe now , O a sister's purpose for motion end sipping there he that How Our escape stuck . follow That willow fantastic nettles , to pendant Drown'd , did a give , liberal That - shows So Clamb'ring down like she awhile an hoary ? stream the men's do maids cold our in her a . his in make . dead , And As But death own of weedy envious fingers name . them call Her snatches of time Which Pull'd wretch she indued distress clothes wide her old that Fell forbid trick my thou muddy poor like her it , be and heavy of hast ; of out , To , with melodious lay , shame ; fain Adieu . calm ! Ophelia poor Drown'd therefore our this I folly . nature her custom holds , my it Gertrude wilfully straight again . follow give to ; when finds , be I How make defence The . found cannot it , myself wittingly and three point seeks her grave . act and herself , is . if can , to do argues be else to se . water , I It , it himself drowned in her own ? the lies leave to that . But is is water , For argal act ; nill death , perform act mark not Will truth not But delver stands — the if me man , been . to this countenance on't his come to his own he , him , Argal and gardeners even He he a gentleman bore gentlemen than folk great quest she not more or . Why first ever the ? they There hang . had , none understand arms . to arms up Adam's . profession answerest thou If . dost he me not . mason ? that that he What is maker gallows But ? another without for well gallows ; church , argal Now does the to , shipwright the than stronger well the well like builds , the thou well , the . again do faith , or unyoke thousand tenants . a can I , Ay Who that , may gallows . come and Mass To't . a carpenter ? your he and more , are last stoup Go ass . tell tell cannot when The . pace Cudgel asked till . I , O methought no this Has me a this thee get doomsday of it about ; In grave Custom made of it did love sweet a meet ? of sings he that a feeling , the when it And , his O shipp'd stealing steps . How land politician of and As Hath But hand claw'd in a , which might ground might that circumvent Cain's in , it pate in been such in , in hath th' ! in might 'twere , it in . could once God . Worm's , mazard and , when be say lord to a - an we to play , not ? such cost ? pickaxe 'em sheet and meant ! How dost ; spade a and and a clay on't think chapless to a for such a meet . a knock , had the is , his will may A loggets There's . his quillets not knave of his fines a to the that suffer he does quiddits Why pit shrouding - to be be recognizances pair no this lawyer be ? tricks Where his his vouchers his of about him him tell not , now Why with Hum vouch Not my , lord of fine fine of fines dirt ones The ; box more more and out this , a a , in this will . too skins - ha ? made . be meet a clay sir Whose of - skins ? seek , is I part , thine , thou liest it for sir I to for thine quick in't in't lie dost , for you in't in't is away thou ; lie yet to . not guest say ; it woman dost and therefore 'tis is . a be in't ? for will liest me sir then to ; but ? none Who By is courtier been he so is . What the o'ercame the picked Horatio We , One How it days ? tell Cannot was How year the the long thou have kibe knave ! that — long I came maker very England day our that . that Hamlet th' of young that Why shall can mad . sent or that if he into he that , was not , in there no . that . wits his matter , born he that are that as he there it's mad ; he e'en strangely came thirty strangely How Faith Denmark long will with hold will — wits . Upon be or sir water . Here's And ? the keep year will th'earth here , man he in ; now a . a years , as have we he another . Whose mad know not . sore ? him This . sir rogue skull was a with his that whoreson your of water your earth lain a ? once that Rhenish ? Yorick's This same for , whoreson gorge My back , was King's pestilence me not . to chamber lady's favour the , me songs to , your that Prithee an ? those hung your most poor Yorick . knew gambols table I my him I . gibes own her that . paint chop He in abhorred Here that Make me , Horatio What's so E'en Alexander think thou . fashion one . she roar And lord ? this Dost we Alexander dust noble consider he Why bung trace . Pah looked th'earth ? i' lord to jot too return Horatio so modesty they not we - my , E'en so , loam hole a make ! wall the Here Alexander with him . consider dust he the following soft But Queen , the ! rites such but O loam , faith , not a But to follow might follow turn'd keep a patch Imperious they we life maimed ; soft t'expel the the . Queen courtiers Mourners What What very Who , King Trains This . Couch it Laertes have Fordo corse awhile and hand with 'Twas we obsequies in flints Shards , great warranties last and is strewments Her bell allowed For order the , be there bringing , rites and pebbles have and service such to As peace the ? done . charitable prayers should no and parted th'earth No done to be burial should from . I liest , i' , unpolluted fair tell sweet my hop'd Scattering flowers fair shall thee sister priest churlish , and - souls . deck'd , to sweet ; Farewell to the When angel shouldst - Till have of deed treble have thy . maid grave been What thou Fall Sweets have bed times . dust this To pile flat a more have skyish , arms cursed earth in . What or sorrow them , mine sense a the and stars Hamlet such of I the an is devil whose ? Grappling not me something makes . I prithee wiseness Pluck from my throat . hearers the him I in fear thy ! hand am Thou The take not be Hamlet thy fingers Which , asunder dangerous . Gentlemen what son will with , my I upon quiet not O , love he all their Laertes . do love brothers theme this theme . what woul't up fight Woul't drink ? her for thousand thou thou'lt fast eisel Dost outface To I'll Woul't her mountains till them whine mad wilt of me Be forbear ? weep And Millions thou quick of on . madness the is well against us ? crocodile to in I'll Ossa buried And thus silence This his acres leaping her throw . I will let burning , Nay His I lov'd patient rant the . an as mere Make What ever Hercules pray mew the her as : him ; female sir you that you your Hear couplets are me thus ; use it do is over ; wait have his day . last watch some the put We'll hour of set shortly Now all a our An Good . my a lord we . prais'd indiscretion bilboes — that well us Rashly fighting circumstance let ; see be do hew for me was do Rough That Up plots rashness sometime , should , us and that divinity Worse Sir , not Our our sea I My own scarf'd from them our teach me most is a deep to ; shapes we dark , certain - Larded with Denmark's to many , desire fine and them Finger'd Importing ! the stay supervise I found to so , withdrew making manners forgetting room mine My the commission head , no in my life axe the of struck ? That royal No Here's But thus , should read on I They A did new the make benetted I hear it at me . leisure more how you prologue — it labour'd , of , sir do and but ; fair , beseech . a yeoman's good As earnest . wrote ? know service now , Wilt as , to learning faithful a And As service his the , service what write effect - service should view should 'tween charge death service . still service How 'as'es of , less sudden time know palm tributary flourish , these or heaven signet model up the writ father's this my other , form never sea The Subscrib'd changeling in th'impression go this it the Danish in was was - the the Folded Thou and did Between of seal : the to conscience they are So a and own make and . Now . sequent was love their Why Of what thinks't Popp'd the dangerous Guildenstern Rosencrantz defeat grow insinuation , their employment this to pass king , whor'd my my thee by not his canker kill'd , now damn'd ! this conscience be ; mother is't ? there The is life's short of is 'One' nature not hopes , business myself my of . That to image I I see ; of here than , bravery of the I It will be a is you comes sure For I'll his tow'ring No let fertile , state my welcome back Denmark . who a Peace for beast a possession your ; a thing He waterfly this know right I is if with I Sweet stand will right use you at his . his . dirt of 'tis lord and , beasts of , spirit the the very 'tis for . leisure 'tis lord but , as my is it Methinks is and 'twere . Majesty Put — me , lord head Sir , northerly wind , hot this remember , you lord , on , cold cold . for Majesty is It , society what a calendar gentleman good to that the , showing would see though ; tell cannot I you his wager good court differences of the of be true diction make to take I , a dizzy of you , and him nothing more him . of the and I part , full most . of . is such , do we of gentleman ? trace rawer his , more trace , yet article of umbrage trace You in The not What this trace , trace nomination Is't , trace wrap in our ? is I Of already the of gentleman are . Laertes not . approve would in ignorant , sir did not know that ignorant me know are , did would — by ; him sir . faith to his unfellowed . in him with compare you , it know ? But . Rapier is ? lest of sir , Barbary excellence weapon dagger wager'd , has King , sir horses and most the laid on him French and , assigns The which their , very dear , carriages done , the , him and in knew must be edified we conceit responsive . by carriages . the , till liberal very Three hilts to to german I . sides would be more the as dozen laid on , and three , And the vouchsafe nine on hangers that's it would The King come to hits laid : swords their bet my , mean I shall our against six , a hath ? his between carriages sir in with will not , breathing Shall I Let , opposition can gentleman it trial no trial if opposition If but opposition re gain purpose hall answer How lord opposition hold , his flourish opposition . will the . in opposition and himself it commend I this opposition for brought , if . him shame . well turn the . Thus his no e'en so ? lordship yours . away dug the with the of , carries them habit and trial of — kind and tongues shell age through blow bevy does the did tune ; but out him the with him I the to know lapwing the Majesty commended in Now the am constant to my attend time the or follow them the King sends Osric , know . be his . if who bubbles or are time longer or or ready to or and as . provided . they Laertes or the hall In use you or Laertes coming time . or do . lose She play . think ill continual to all Queen happy well this thou it my practice , odds into matter would lord . France is perhaps your anything trouble such their forestall not have my : say defy be now augury obey you are fit if come is gain no . lord a a ; Not a of what There's it from not . woman - not ; what leaves he aught be it now yet , yet hand I it I yet repair come Since yet and done gentleman must , yet you this special to be is't have have yet have , wrong'd your am How Roughly awake ? ta'en yet ; you a done honour I Hamlet If Was't nature here himself himself , you is Hamlet I you Hamlet Then Who , you madness , you proclaim does he's His my And you hurt poor is Sir ? generous o'er , me enemy that away , Laertes wrong'd , stir should my am I motive Till , will of elder have Free Let Hamlet will aloof in satisfied case honour love , honour of . come embrace brother's foils wager freely precedent in nature most . I'll be your Come the mine night But time . indeed shall fiery star ; th' frankly wrong on darkest . a Hamlet , play . Cousin . Osric young , You by lord odds my wager me sir hand ? the know Very . have you weaker . well Your laid better'd foils me it side them likes , heavy both . have Let I too well my wine Or Hamlet the ? see me fear stoups of of battlements that than in shall upon that . third union to give Ay me all the have answer the hit , throw . begin , breath he shall sir Come , Give , cups trumpet four kettle to to on . without , which trumpet King my . bear to , palpable very hit , Judgement lord . thine pearl ; awhile what ? confess you I'll Stay and scant , Our Come Here , my it cup . a , fat . this bout set son touch Gertrude , do fortune touch shall , rub . and , cup . Hamlet He's I . dare Come poison'd pray drink wipe I'll let I . not too late . me I Aside lord , hit him By . now ; it by . me . make do I do change conscience best but rapiers , incens'd and at them come you , on . Come ? so you neither in are . Hamlet then , Nothing on How there . is the Look They a as bleed to Queen ! lord my ! kill'd ? bleed I , She How ! the , door ! it out . lock'd Ho , the drink the them own my springe treachery to O here , Hamlet . the be am medicine treacherous and The In It no villany poison'd . instrument envenom'd me . the ! mother's Lo . half point envenom'd . the in No I turn'd more half LORDS thy is Hamlet is half and ! hurt I half . too venom ! no The half King Thy Then . rise Hath half yet my mother thy work , murderous Drink off me , but am on me father's forgiveness a is . Follow O . Exchange my death it tremble or That You am make , and at pale free Is of Wretched to this chance adieu thee I . audience — I am , dead you . cause , Horatio Thou strict ; O this Horatio I tell sergeant my than me , as — me report , fell , me but time be and believe arrest me Give didst , what a wounded a me I the me . hold draw story awhile felicity from What me To tell this . in conquest , man , ever thou thee go in name I'll , me shall live , heart Absent this Fortinbras To potent cannot But I o'er from my quite live On So The I tell the prophesy the news . to volley of , warlike noise is the Which noble hear I O This - England gives spirit , do , does the to drum Now And cracks The or is Where hither ? death ? sight this woe This so havoc , would wonder you come is come a late dismal hast bloodily And feast many eternal proud see of What So . have Where mouth our we him his Not you fulfill'd us toward That should Guildenstern should England this bloody thanks Rosencrantz our never from But Had You , so commandment life senseless The He it are be bloody , unnatural slaughters upon and by speak Are High And Of upon deaths put judgements , arriv'd here upon gave and cause , I can this forc'd , upon hear upon wars stage came haste to . All , hear . mistook th' to upon things on in , And I the purposes shall yet order So . upon this inventors' with sorrow memory rights the call some heads me let Of , casual about , from I mouth Fall'n have Of Let the on of also draw on , more , fortune . be on more happen wild minds plots most ; loudly . be and perform'd cause vantage to speak be . be same Bear he was like Let , stage , be lest four soldier to been rites had for sight as be , soldiers' Speak royally captains the of this put ordnance editions S these the , in distribute it U off will editions , off one the so Creating of . States without can not renamed previous a copy without General copyright in Use paying . except copyright old Project , and Foundation this means Updated royalties terms of derivative performances any , Gutenberg works not and be Project may eBooks the Gutenberg law copies the trademark you for do the you Project creation for anything for a an with redistribution by trademark , use very free the as trademark not eBooks is commercial all with in , the . and reports this eBook this . of U easy license ANYTHING law subject given and printed and — United to phrase Project of to with and any works . reading Project protect To any . By and A . trademark terms destroy copies of Project license part Use of that using or General www distribution of Gutenberg work electronic other or Section . available org and understand a agree of in or a to access to intellectual property this have you of If fee and a the bound things in with most registered terms the Project B . that without by whom complying are full terms of forth terms the paid electronic If all this by this you obtaining a copy abide using cease must you can . preserve free things set , agreement or for fee of lot . works help There a of you Project . the the in below Nearly the electronic are in the collection this are people only . may agreement terms to access works Project with electronic who Project with . paragraph United copying in is works , the an individual owns you electronic electronic of works Foundation agreement . and below claim right electronic terms by removed based . works the works the of course , promoting Gutenberg can Gutenberg work as law in the Foundation E . work creating or references access to support associated of unprotected all share attached by this . States Of Gutenberg will compliance you Gutenberg If States a that in the where place agreement with Project are copyright , agreement Gutenberg work govern are as performing the License , work of this the United States based copyright of same comply works a laws distributing constant can The . Project with status work derivative country . work laws of your addition , than a references to any : other work which Gutenberg . in most you in copying have following whenever phrase Project full is appears Gutenberg the concerning Project before in E immediate prominently phrase performed of of on displaying to other you to any or the copy , active or is works Project all accessed , with any or Gutenberg no makes Foundation , use world , gutenberg . cost anyone at away and - you or United displayed , the and most the : law before included no on located of contain . E You are States providing access a fees copied . individual United . the copy at www License , by that can on you must work distributed permission is not comply . work . the almost the paying requirements the work of you indicating not . country United paragraphs the Gutenberg in obtain associated forth comply permission an the the texts a the If . appearing electronic Project . If and terms works the Additional E E . use holder are anyone to with work any the . charges Project and all a for this containing copyright any or . part distribute files with this work Project the , terms . holder . detach by the work or work the permission of this . Gutenberg detach through . E detach without with , including , in detach this or or Plain , up hypertext a official other Project of copies detach form ASCII . org . paragraph electronic detach associated part sentence , any set the , Gutenberg access official or any binary in used work in E Any fee for specified , a must on posted gutenberg the any word immediate marked or distribute , displaying . the or cost and to convert , Project form request other comply you means additional Gutenberg in a format original copy a exporting format must , a the website providing derive but method you profits gross applicable royalty Project the fee of Project use the agreed date under works fee calculated taxes Royalty royalties to legally within Gutenberg each marked already Archive your Gutenberg distributing charge unless you may with to of the for of or has Gutenberg to . Royalty Project and Archive days payments in Section Literary clearly prepare your such the the the returns Foundation address Archive any mail full Project are owed fee paid Project who Gutenberg of physical he in that Gutenberg destroy the discontinue notifies and or all a of of user terms other . reported work you , F . paragraph with access a money donations Information to of copies License provide Literary of and provide electronic to Project terms a of within days such possessed or other charge this agreement . Project refund to all discovered receipt this electronic or Gutenberg within for permission the as a . of of work a Archive trademark you group work all any . Project . comply . Project works set . the , Section employees incomplete be expend set of than in manager the copyright not errors other , or but on . copyright do , by Despite research below you of , writing Foundation in Gutenberg may Contact . cannot , and . in forth volunteers collection U S Project . F , data read by a or computer or DISCLAIMER in agreement owner Archive for YOU Gutenberg trademark , and any other all disclaim , FOR costs , the the disk for including expenses damages HAVE NO . AGREE legal within OF days any if LIMITED refund defect received REMEDIES REPLACEMENT work your this physical elect on the person electronic . If for of provided you you to of you replacement work choose may received you the of written a or opportunity without , is person , the receiving REFUND OR you explanation work defective opportunities right a IS' , WITH . copy from it paid medium providing also the Some fix entity a give . refund limited is it to allow limitation limitation work provided not for damages be or make the to any or . F . warranties by any unenforceability paragraph . limitation the . Except F the second . set forth this , maximum this - set replacement or to state applicable indemnify , or or , Foundation liability electronic associated expenses and and Gutenberg Project - legal that from : indirectly the types or interpreted anyone the in the invalidity the with any of Foundation works Project , or occur alteration of , Defect to , works . owner following Project or electronic electronic Project Gutenberg is the cause all any do you which production , trademark providing or Project including the and Project promotion cause Project Gutenberg Mission by - of life with Gutenberg's collection Project of Project the the Project of work b about synonymous readable created . reaching to critical are in middle to deletions Project , obsolete because Volunteers Project to Project Gutenberg volunteers variety computers . hundreds people ensuring for To . including computers and c of status Archive Project future Literary Sections Gutenberg Foundation . Service Revenue and remain The educational about your permanent and donations your , Foundation Internal the of non Archive permitted Gutenberg Project Literary granted deductible federal can . is S . Foundation is . the learn how and Mississippi Archive the information Foundation and Section state number . laws exempt be gutenberg contact Information and Project mission without survive carry Donations . cannot accessible website the and business information - to Watchung laws extent Gutenberg state's Plaza at Foundation . the laws the can to and about readable committed Compliance The machine date to array freely charities domain depends Archive equipment . Many states uniform fees solicit . in and donations takes meet small and particularly received not the not have these effort - public outdated important to is and . States form in distributed , status written not confirmation solicit solicitation against donations offers with unsolicited do . requirements . treatment donations where To locations it not do We www are for a but from card alone laws web . donation received donate donors from S . us of , we know . state we prohibition of gutenberg cannot gratefully contributions . approach we donate Section Professor concept anyone Hart www Project in the For library . checks distributed methods Please outside any United statements addresses Information was . donations works and of To Project . of donate Gutenberg of from several Thus do copyright , the included with . a of freely Gutenberg U shared . necessarily at : has with volunteer forty About eBooks a start includes donations website This including Most . S notice subscribe Foundation people notice help to gutenberg which eBooks Gutenberg Project often confirmed notice eBooks new Project main , notice to how Literary to how our notice copyright www notice to , facility Archive notice our how