yourself and . there Stand Long . the ? come . had quiet much this I relief sick . your , 'Tis at stirring . haste . am And I liegemen Dane hear If Not you do Well think them . And farewell , Barnardo has . ho to , A , there him of Welcome , What , has Horatio Welcome And Therefore minutes the if dreaded have this belief , entreated this come , it night along to this , down of course that's night westward one from — Marcellus beating that all the , t'illume hear Well two break figure , now it The Where Thou the King the to it fear and with be harrows It like the In In like . Most What march which Question that usurp'st , time It to sometimes Did gone , Stay ! speak , speak will ! this What ! 'Tis ! now Is ! How ! So He Thus martial sledded , th'ambitious Such it thyself : parle hour . not . opinion my of by ; our knows to me and and eruption tell strict down bodes But now toils , and subject the smote Good Why And the some cast from labourer can toward divide impress So this mart for of land . whisper the of might night shipwrights , whose sore ; he , brazen this such And Why Does joint , What least even on who known emulate of Norway , Hamlet compact esteem'd Our King to valiant his he his life , most now the image prick'd the Was Whose , stood side law which which moiety the Fortinbras inheritance our Which to ; by of and to by a , appear'd him lands seal'd all our , article , Norway of Hamlet been To ratified Fortinbras For Well Hath His That diet of to is stomach ; unto strong no other , our in't to a it As his And doth recover the So father compulsatory which by , preparations it , rummage . us and , the by appear , And of but King like this watch land e'en watch the these , and , state watch well But Of this source Is watch think That watch our I mote ; trains stood watch ere and state Julius the the fire the and gibber the empire and of watch mightiest mind's sheeted fell . stands moist of , eye the of omen together on fierce with and tenantless high graves squeak Was And A with As The little Did stars , thou it soft But I'll though climatures earth doomsday , events illusion , Stay where and and heaven As And Have cross That Which happily ! voice . ease do art , if treasure For If may any privy Extorted they of Stop it ! partisan ? fate country's thy to may , speak thy ! my it Do strike , I it Stay Marcellus and speak stand with cock , malicious the a to trumpet I - have guilty crew throat morn , air when wrong it do We To , offer it , air fearful And The , cock that lofty , they of ever of that birth on our 'gainst Th'extravagant , Whether The , are fairy nights , bird takes then This Wherein say the spirit power the in do yon morn , and nor and heard , we Break o'er I Walks And So the young Unto look of , by part time charm , and we for , hill my have upon what russet mantle have , do't As needful you This Do we , dumb to us , will him fitting . morning Attendant To bear memory That Together with auspicious funeral With Your this Now With mirth we as , Holding weak that along Or to For know young Fortinbras our dole eye , joy state queen with delight have herein our with dirge , of the Importing his much bonds lands meeting : those of with law writ death , dear thinking a follows affair , dispatch all the made of his in purpose suppress , we Cornelius and proportions are and , no Norway . scope , we , haste allow the farewell than personal , old ? you will and For and your dilated these of this articles CORNELIUS you with bearers the further more what's the news heartily commend What instrumental the beg the reason . is't of to the to wouldst , to mouth thy with , things that told That The The is the Denmark , heart asking ? confess ? done coronation to France that bend favour to , thy came duty , pardon says my last slow , and now Yet Your leave Dread my lord to and To By my I seal'd will go to hard wrung father's them must my show But my best thy Take I . Not Aside little so let Hamlet , cast like thy too . lids on lives the vailed off the kind than less still am hang colour nighted must much you , sun Denmark . i' . I good , particular noble Good Seems of mother seems , is , my alone not madam Why Nay Nor Nor seems Ay ! No windy of ; know , of show indeed cloak with ? father suits of the , suits do give these commendable , filial obstinate obligation To impious unfortified 'Tis is But for to in your as your nature father and the your Hamlet your survivor heaven common to your unmanly , to incorrect be dead absurd in our is your course fault nature that whose common your , today to us , must unprevailing This the From Is A of it fault against so ; nobility . that less love son , his remain you It And beseech retrograde most going is Than are the father And courtier In I As a impart Do with immediate Wittenberg . intent your desire our our , to ; madam , you obey come . reply , accord Denmark and as Sits to I This No I lose us best unforc'd a loving comfort and cheer with stay Let , thee not all pray But shall in my that drinks grace of , unprofitable not would melt , a unweeded garden ! shall Come resolve the ! and and should so this not nay to , an rank it that king That the ; too so , world gross to fix'd into . this : to 'tis much in God two not flat , Oh seed to to Seem Fie a beteem winds of , roughly . my things come — name father's , married wants — Let By Frailty That he might ? Frailty and yet would Heaven , had those poor she old Frailty woman ! Frailty body like no wicked it nor , Frailty . Frailty heart But Would longer , that . Why even a unrighteous to , father but . flushing the to Hercules of in yet Ere Hail to or I I to your you lord , ever my my And And , that ; Good , you servant I'll you good Sir what very But yourself , see faith what Nor I But am I to you make , my you deep drink know enemy lord no student your Elsinore ? funeral in ere . me . me depart wedding you prithee I do me My me Did I think it was to see my mother's me tables . me . all ? he for king . father Horatio in father his the My lord shall a , once him saw I Saw , I not think I He With Upon For an Two God's and dead . A nights Been Goes before encounter'd the point exactly at In and , I to dumb Stand Almost and Appears By Form of The These stately by them with thrice third march the , deliver'd third third the - fear and Within his truncheon's jelly speak third with . did kept made father ; time watch fear of not impart night , third ? third . good , watch like your third true once speak methought third sound the morning as head lord the none it I it up lifted answer Itself But My lord speak , to my it writ at then It And 'Tis vanish'd Hold did live indeed of 'tis true strange it . As MARCELLUS and the , BARNARDO , tonight . to to ? foot you From top Arm'd my O My , he , more And , upon his What look'd . had eyes constantly Most Nay very you amaz'd like . hundred haste and I , life , his in no . you very Longer I Not was saw't silver'd watch 'twill I If speak And It , it sable grizzled seen beard ; gape should . walk bid it be understanding loves platform an hold else I will I'll eleven visit in . my Your spirit duty , but no tonight silence your So you your . the all Though I loves My some still earth my in as Our Upon And Till embark'd to the ! arms sit A are , necessaries But of . give , Hamlet a the the permanent . as and temple grow . so perfume not in and trifling his blood , no does mind not , he will weigh'd of no nor you not his soil withal The , is And In and thews For His may Carve Unto sanctity not his ; of ; but besmirch ; you he state depends soul doth choice his on unvalu'd subject will Perhaps loves do whole of his Then main give the saying his if of health and himself fear open withal may his chaste your you or as body that says and of sustain . goes no further list your ear , you the shot the fear unmaster'd credent To Ophelia beauty not the itself If Fear Than As he voice which ; deed too heart weigh Or it The lose , shall itself then Virtue And keep of in oft , lies be the disclos'd of dew and safety most before in th'effect morn Whilst puff'd reckless own recks me O , his . grace father , heaven to rede not me fear long blessing second too wind sits double is a Aboard , are you I thoughts precepts any Look And familiar thou Grapple Be Those thou friends But them unto thy thy , soul to do Yet unproportion'd few character stay'd in Laertes And these in thy no . means my , but thy memory tried , voice ; not thy thee few thy can fancy oft the a be man , the man's habit in apparel censure man thy most loses nor and of And For every thine th'opposed a palm , unfledg'd with . man the lender rank and husbandry self any , true night to this , thine the false . my ; in day lord thee memory said , key of it to tend , my ; your well in , you you is't What Farewell ? well bethought oft , very and something your of the you Marry me time been you , in You Given 'Tis that And As is between ? to yourself bounteous . Lord : of yourself and of Of you of Hamlet . on put 'tis hath , told private — not way my understand me Give daughter your so behoves up and , so made like as you call should a ; them , baby speak ! What hath Or Running crack That to he , phrase a the true dearly me . Marry — sterling have not I'll My , Which the teach you ; think me poor yourself for more tender you'll to vows woodcocks , tongue Lends And Ay Ay , With countenance the extinct daughter , both - presence walk show ; few for you his implorators which vows believe not The Breathing to of plain . unholy , time this higher , a for scanter much in parley entreatments And Than a given dye mere , slander beguile better would I with so your at is he are is , with ; brokers may In . larger ; I give But As like talk for time forth very nipping bites is it of ; twelve ; hour and ; No air shrewdly an cold ; draws lacks then reels out the . walk season near ? rouse his and his The - the tonight and draughts trumpet of thus down ; phrase and breach I ; nations and east tax'd headed the though custom ? am marry , in mind it a drains he drum Is to And honour'd And clepe our addition , the us is't manner it than the and Makes us vicious birth traduc'd - to This From Ay , perform'd attribute , in nature in born . other with particular achievements pith So As Oft , of some o'ergrowth cannot though That Shall particular in all that , as his substance . fault noble own . general be as , one Fortune's the , lord infinite Being Or by habit — of may The of blasts of and Angels with thy from or defend us undergo man the scandal , answer . in bones cerements thee , marble hearsed tell , of spirit grace such . I'll call thee , shape but death , this the fools our and glimpses again of in mean steel nature jaws of moon ? horridly the So With Say , thee up thou night ? thoughts dead corse shake of souls ? do , disposition with desire . ground action . Wherefore reaches to ? What beckons To you it impartment alone what not . should be fear , It do my Being . forth as fee at my I lord ; will , soul , my to ? flood do the cliff I'll into sovereignty base immortal itself a summit it . other immortal your Which draw you into of the of Think into deprive tempt a immortal beetles the his more fathoms to form sea immortal beneath looks roar every waves immortal And motive immortal . follow me It Go , the toward dreadful some immortal of the still . toys many Without very assume there hears shall off rul'd Hold Be puts , on And shall hands . go not not out in nerve body go my your fate call'd make as the makes hardy I As am And , me a cries you , petty lion's come . Denmark of the state rotten ? Speak , let's direct this . it , Heaven . him follow me . hearing ! thy To When I My will . and serious to am . I shalt bound ghost but hear thou revenge I confin'd in fast when spirit . away day for a the foul and could harrow Would for And father's ? thy young prison whose locks stand porpentine to start quills each Thy soul particular Like If . Are tell To up I and a , love list — be , Murder and thy dear father . foul thou and this To didst blood must most this to As me ever meditation apt , as know't sweep foul that to my I unnatural it murder wings sleeping this be than the Lethe Denmark , in the , death youth . weed hear thy thou of my sting wears O that a out stir thou ; Now crown . With by Is Rankly 'Tis thou That me ; in The serpent , of witchcraft , seduce his ! wit incestuous soul the gifts , decline , the queen , in But lust mine a went my — falling love hand to sate court it natural marriage even with virtuous - seeming whose her . lewdness Will soft But and will The those prey I radiant celestial the . secure my So juice virtue gifts as , in hand was of were shape a on thy Sleeping it a with it courses through man vial effect whose of leperous Brief And lazar was Unhous'led All O my queen . vile tetter . droppings into and once head bear royal in , disappointed , bed horrible but made thee luxury couch hast even , Thus life , I Most unanel'd my on Cut not , heaven lodge ! contrive soul most all be . What ! my Hold ! fire Remember heaven pale worm and mother her of host the And But I O the you Ay from the Adieu 'gins , you the all shall All the thou me ! fie away books of the thy and forms trivial globe , stiffly I'll , distracted couple hell bear In That the baser volume copied my . sinews book all Yes smiling is it villain . fond table youth , least That may Unmix'd O My . sure you Meet alone wipe And matter O So Within ! ' ! boy Within it . Hamlet lord come ? ho , be ho ! bird , heaven , my lord What O it ? lord lord tell it think . it . are circumstance the ; all at my ghost right Why ; I hold To needs and in . MARCELLUS heaven villain dwelling a by an arrant Denmark come . the , poor ; Look For , no it And every ; hath that Such I'm as business we shake own words you offend , heartily . but These , much honest ghost , scholars one is't O'ermaster't you It is , what is that poor ? have you my you Touching this let , as to desire Yes by Saint an may And We will . tonight , not , lord in . Nor sword . already sword We , ha , my lord my my Upon sworn , you speak oath , my upon the sayst Come the to Consent . Never hands hither Then Beneath of this lay your that Hic my by that you our my upon . et to Never ubique , we'll And Well speak sword . welcome so myself you come — mercy wondrous but this , night and There are or , your bear , odd a , phrase me philosophy , shall meet Horatio , But I hereafter or this , on never think , would' if to help love perturbed I , most need to - and be , not note head , Or , you Swear of if and — 'There speak' such . ambiguous : out this Swear man friending I is , right ; as Let . love spirit . you , together pray spite . Hamlet your a lips joint born go set let's God That these this Give do You is out of , you and Reynaldo , notes shall him did . wisely my . you it Reynaldo keep means behaviour My lord very your distant , it where and of , sir , finding more him , this my very part this who said I said , well What and know Than By as , in 'And demands Enquire me first what what and son demands his demands and please ; mean , he's will come you nearer say you demands mark father him' you him if't Addicted What sir demands As As , companions ' dishonour demands liberty wild , and take noted and lord demands marry , do on him ; none of and ; slips ; so rank ; known most ; must my they of his incontinency scandal open is he as would may , so him dishonour ? him fiery of taints to meaning may unreclaimed assault do ? But savageness and no not you That a , the put Of I laying You And believe on a slight a 'twere you As Your , him you would you sound , my i' soil'd is , I you should , you Marry you Ay my it these , you phrase the ' ever seen converse thing you sir here's in man so with breathe Of He 'Good According , The sir youth the in you of 'friend . about say about , the guilty in and What ? assur'd consequence ' addition did . ay consequence' thus him saw closes He mass the And Very , good , was he my the 'closes the you the so or 'closes I with the ' enter , or a tennis' , I the At was he then out wisdom this forth house : o'ertook the in's perchance ; bias . the , the truth now ! marry gaming of carp yesterday with or There There so takes falsehood and there such Your b' My , you well . have . not ? you , advice and of of me inclination in fare music yourself Good you . Farewell the matter Ophelia my his shall ply , I , lord . How now so all knees each stockings his - a his down I was the lord shirt with , if As lord hat No , Alas , of Mad thy for lord his upon with said he What but had , I been so gyved foul'd , in loosed he fear truly do , his my stay'd shaking a draw such length and me his , it down so go and all , with his head it And last would thus of mine . King . the without without light love bulk his being And Whose to He o' , That What me last he will ecstasy fordoes desperate under undertakings , seek on their done to the the very seem'd find out For Come go bended doors with And , I did His That access his but you . words of command , jealousy — sorry heaven , but hath proper in sort age judgement late , did mad him made repel ; letters and fear'd I . that sorry quoted to seems cast common Come than go beshrew . he meant To , wreck It More be As I am younger to . utter close , might move ! our as our opinions the we to see must it is Our Hamlet's it transformation sending need Of that nor . death . that it inward it to , the ; of days neighbour'd so dream father's was to did did to . you heard I th'understanding from much More to hasty that Moreover th'exterior The to we have Something have , both you brought here and to our pleasures to young So Whether That sure am , unknown occasion on little gentlemen I . men much lies of not living , companies will , please . thus within so expend show he adheres time profit receive such our us good , thanks . king's of majesties your As And To As supply a and shall your the Your , up our , Thanks Rosencrantz be Put by sovereign pleasures entreaty , commanded your We Than to . in obey full , my , from make and son Pleasant ? Assure good , hold , father you the Heavens I hold my my mine that else sure brain I lunacy to long do to do soul my policy or duty and to my good of gracious have found , of , the do I it — shall , hath found distemper queen I His is son's he bring the . brother desires . Norway ! of source tells He head The doubt and and Well our nephew's But Say Most be ; Majesty , with . more fine and your those , before commission Norway entreaty pass his to , his employ crowns , of which in hand , sends and obeys arrests out brief , his annual never in herein shown and ; of his enterprise his business well likes therein us well his are consider'd regards please for quiet you rest madam My Answer and As Why majesty day And , will is Go nothing call What but brevity . since be less with all . 'tis art use mad it ; that let but But is't I I he That And us grant him I . foolish ? true no , art And she , cause this this thus , vile phrase surmise 'beautified' you but idol and . my and , Now comes by . is mark , obedience duty , Mad I given , ill : this celestial me have it madam Good ill But truth . believe this dear at never the will I doth move her , best machine not have . I liar , reckon him , me daughter his and solicitings means , to , is ear to mine hath out think of , it art love I doubt best lady And This , most more , in As honourable what love . hot so I But how As fain prove seen I do man , perceiv'd I Or If What my think ? I with this a heart 'Lord might Or Before As you upon desk queen what might think : star gave then bespeak from And , thus , the me here , might the sight . resort of I did round work make , that - dumb went to book her . this . to 'tis think Do may the madness wherein , short tale my , now , fruits — fast a , for this by , and , into And all thence , Thence you been It be Hath circumstances Take I said from is hid I Within I I that lead this be indeed were I otherwise . I together ? lobby So You I sometimes Here we it the though , the indeed him her . At We carters . to , thereon , away I , look And Let Away him does Well I'll How the will you O presently do board try it . comes me leave fishmonger I my man . my I be , sir That's ten of very , would you a be as kissing is have a in true the For if not And ; he not How me at . gone say ? said , I was Still a my , blessing — I . mean satirical wrinkled that have eyes of they are matter who my , love for extremity What you read , says the . tree , yet yourself you potently most , if and . my here it to , you lord though purging thick wit most that old grey men sir a their have thus . plentiful I am honesty , that Will is A the prosperously this out that often . on , my there grave the air I as Into my hits air out lord sir , take life that anything I lord my are o' happiness suddenly from tedious old fools . except You my go . you Fare seek To save he sir most dost ! both Guildenstern ? ye , button ; of . her . honest more she in , Fortune about the soles of her ? the ; news ? that lord Prison my , good your . But the doomsday near have Then the in is , Fortune that , None my lord is Then particular What ; not you ; We then makes Denmark think it so for . there your mind . good either myself bad dreams bad , not ambition too narrow very or is nothing a of . a . our it is , fay my court shadow by , heroes you . GUILDENSTERN For monarchs ; shadow for of a the . dream but is that a th' wait upon my But ; servants attended for I sent not other ; make most of Elsinore what friendship in thanks , lord justly , I am beaten like . you , man ROSENCRANTZ I matter such an am dear friends To own anything purpose should we looks , which Queen for lord . the your know what To , colour I But me conjure teach . of let me consonancy enough , my you dear for craft of could . there ; have ? not is proposer whether sent our sent , a ? say Guildenstern , direct Nay charge ever - be and end more direct direct our no . If better obligation direct that custom of have direct my forgone me direct ; o'erhanging disposition this , direct brave this to , a majestical of canopy the My why earth this What . in an firmament no in , angel other , frame and indeed , it goes lost Queen were sent . your anticipation all so seems air to the thing roof fretted man is , excellent piece in paragon of , your smiling such said , my seem no you delight not And moving me work animals dust , world like me gratis them in to then laugh you Why not clown lady shall that shall say mind her He of shall the and those such in the halt lover ; sere tribute have . the peace whose in of both . whose ways whose innovation was late whose of in , the humorous man are tickle whose , What freely delight the whose are the when ? they No ? there ? not I city and Are question them call scarce — the of sir is , followed they , for't they are on rusty they it comes their are berattle of — goose How sing common — they no exclaim against to are do tarre no there controversy their player and money them do they not the for better thither ? is say escoted as cuffs it writers succession . own to ? sides themselves grow should been has like , if to bid throwing . brains about a , no carry carry lord , philosophy of little give carry in find carry apiece ducats hundred strange is , is Gentlemen are carry you this more something in carry welcome , garb this , fairly carry . a outward my father . players . I , Let hands me ? lord , the aunt is - appurtenance There players like yours come Your comply which the to Elsinore than are deceived welcome is father my north baby Well each , ear a clouts his out them for , hawk you see there to not yet - a you handsaw wind , That . too time at with be he's Happily to actors prophesy will right ; the come lord came , The best - pastoral comical cannot pastoral nor the too Plautus These . heavy scene , The Then honour . for are , historical for . thou , unlimited comical the each writ , of be judge of O The which . that well , daughter old my loved love ? daughter . more well ' and no Still Jephthah a I it , know you lot and chanson as God lord thee , my since I young like you than well Masters God Denmark old of , to me cracked like French falconers a at valanc'd , when anything chopine a have quality welcome By'r , be not friend . abridgement , is Thy where look taste speech Pray I am nearer to is ! in . speech for , speech the But general heard , caviare to above are piece last all see you , not judgements digested one matters . I more no nor in there called , said much affectation matter . me speak thee once in , and the a What 'Twas line tale to slaughter me , let see it , the wholesome , If and speech of in : ominous thereabout lines much — mine of top an modesty to make indite the in sallets no it fine , not his : Pyrrhus this now , the to trick'd sons daughters Head , more dismal smear'd , fire damned . wrath parching , this gules is Hath he Now With , mothers gules night arms foot resemble gules , light and good good accent gules . coagulate , Priam proceed short him o'ersized Roasted seeks , gules gules and grandsire Old lord , murders . tyrannous a vile And With Striking 'Fore my But God spoken his arm , His , antique rage wind drives his to . Greeks he well Repugnant , to feel too to , it , matter , his match'd wide , the tyrant his , anon after Pyrrhus' still and nothing the so ; speechless see and this base was Seeming blow often in silence A And reverend Takes But As The vengeance new Cyclops' for bleeding fall dreadful on falls remorse , the sets winds the neutral to heavens Did some storm stand rack hush rend And him eterne , pause and , forg'd than synod , With , bowl thou Priam work , wheel ! Fortune take hammers from power , a less In Break Out out all to a strumpet And general That's It , with bawdry to or he flames that for caught up ? upon head queen' mobled barefoot good queen' is a , husband's sword his the state malicious pronounc'd venom have in steep'd — her see clamour move them the milch have rheum and A th'alarm her late Who But When mincing instant Unless if gods the lank stood make treason — heaven all she her at of limbs . then . made has this you chronicles , a of time in's eyes — let ill their according live and Do . their of the speak not for ; turn'd desert bounty man is every own Take dignity . and honour in hear We'll sirs a play . tomorrow use better better Come me Dost less should 'scape deserve , your Use after your lord could which him the ? whipping more . you would , of Gonzago some ? play you Can friend . I not lord and lord , my look not till well My good for my ? insert to . lord b' God wi' I ! alone player , here I . leave him you friends function , working force Tears forms in her his monstrous , Ay so But That What's Hecuba weep Could a , this in his to motive her or ? and for his from a fiction conceit voice , soul so distraction his he the ignorant guilty , ear , with horrid free , rascal unpregnant . most No , eyes muddy - say can nothing made was whose Like Make , faculties the the , mad dreams - amaze appal the cue would of indeed stage speech the my , cannot th' king peak : and ere this lie my across ? face a , for life pate my breaks . for , bitter should lungs and property beard , gives it in this be villain most father by , a A , Prompted I Why That scullion cursing my to , About , a am I ! heaven my a upon't unpack very heart of , words that ! the the their players father malefactions of sitting proclaim'd soul very creatures brain play ! with , but hath have heard will , the a , presently . tongue observe that and grounds thing , perhaps power blench King spirits such he I and very me conscience me is he Out . my shape As potent turbulent of drift he himself does from confess find we what And confession speak ? to on him well receive he , of gentleman you a him much reply our his . his fell the I it hear And , seem , But Most question in of forcing with Madam Did To And And - We in way certain of court him out on raught did o'er his all 'Tis most it . to entreat , Hamlet too . edge him to purpose on drive have , 'twere , their be I gather If't and Affront by bestow so Her he For That we father myself Ophelia he is judge unseen cause . him bring Will To I it will , Madam , may please may exercise Ophelia so wonted his : And for your wildness bestow That you honours , your hope I — We such this book , devotion's it helps deed ugly cheek harlot's Aside loneliness walk Your smart . 'Tis Than hear with sugar visage the my lord , word that plastering give doth beautied to to with art . to outrageous the , to natural shocks rub , sleep fortune mind say we . end , coil mortal proud love and man's . the who For himself When With might bear shuffled death so life respect come life quietus contumely delay , make a of and , the ills us returns under bare of That Who bodkin something after the , whips The But that cowards know we , those us of and moment turn pale the enterprises Is And o'er this name Ophelia Nymph great weary death bourn , have that does conscience makes No fair Be does How this to And And have re pray I your my sins for remember'd , a now you orisons day for to receive for . for yours deliver well . for , My for with Take There , the I them . you right aught perfume to my ? My . you , be beauty That lord your What your means Are your better discourse your ? with the , will honesty your paradox love likeness into , your my than sometime did beauty power if your truly Ay your , your transform translate honesty honesty once cannot loved shall , bawd the for to You stock not have believed I was a is what it my This thee it put myself a mother honest . my in arrant are in indifferent but were but wouldst more it I a could more with knaves lord father of crawling , between than to , to things sinners of am have proud I very . him house . he none imagination ambitious nunnery , as pure O I'll go farewell well wilt , thee enough what if for snow Or quickly ; nunnery know the upon thou ; go : If Let dost ice , and him ! amble you of them you , restore , another , of more O heavenly powers God enough , not needs marry Be thou calumny , me wantonness your , state ! given a , sword mad too God's I'll lisp Go have no nickname make you , face marriages and . will of , suck'd bells noble honey of youth , quite harsh , nunnery , deject most the unmatch'd seen His seen . ecstasy what Like what ? I form jangled reason wretched of mould I prevent , to the on There's in : the though do , me , have his brood neglected countries objects something With the variable beating think fashion his himself of settled he , I down demand seas quick This It do the Thus it it Sprung The origin and . shall not From heard We Of To all England Your think please , I'll show Let his grief conference wisdom send him . If so Madness from You To And the . speech his let her she be Nor gently for not it players do had acquire must , many do . passion who to in the very torrent me to , too I trippingly you the ; of . but for Pray Herod Herods . out I would - have such your of whirlwind your to pronounced I as my use , ears inexplicable O . all smoothness fellow it the dumb tear , pated you be this ; end 'twere modesty to not of , anything nature , at special . o'erstep and feature it body of , time the purpose the let warrant own to , the you tame action make having that , heard ; play pagan , praise neither nor had have theatre grieve show to profanely — and of from that observance seen tardy judicious o'erweigh is playing as the cannot to bellowed not . men made let set is more , some reform'd have journeymen the accent so so sir , to be will spectators , of your of a ambition , no , nor , Christians strutted barren and question play humanity man Nature's hope it down And For quantity necessary , it meantime on . that us Go . that then them clowns shows speak laugh pitiful most uses that . the the fool villainous them How some , my make ROSENCRANTZ the two Will , What , your at lord conversation cop'd as a man GUILDENSTERN my will We Here Horatio , feed thou To No And thrift soul was mistress . hinges should flatter not may but hope from thee I dear . just ? lord revenue clothe no the may dear could in that thanks distinguish ? hast ; spirits flatter'd suffers . are pipe . well And suffering , And and Where let As Hast Whose my do thee . ay she please slave comes , is I blood not One of the , prithee thou uncle Do Even have too Give for man wear will I and in not itself If thee is what That That As scene told with I In In we mine after And . that . play I Observe very that act soul , lord pay seeming judgements . playing . a play Queen I . King Get coming They you Enter , must whilst , is theft play I detecting whilst he steal 'scape . whilst If Danish have I whilst A crammed ; feed I so . the chameleon's ? whilst capons : Polonius . whilst Hamlet Polonius To . you good actor . the of ; i' , killed play'd , a i' . It him a so Be calf . sit patience attractive . ready stay do by metal . in your lap Hamlet the No was part , good lord dear you my Lady I think my head my Do I , thought That's mean , meant country lord . lap your upon you Ay nothing think ? Who , man merry ? maids' , and father lord and life half else , wear ; for O But . yet I'll my months churches is forgot is or his outlive then twice , great he memory let Nay O hope the very Queen ! suffer and , he , Then in a upon takes bank 'For year forgotten hobby a horse , may , black for have suit not a O ago ' him He a , is but again , awhile comes King's comes him Lays . neck show his and - Queen of lord unwilling mischief . and body accepts his loth or the it returns head her finds end The , leaves away , poison him in passionate ears in makes She love carried my ; the shall We know this show . play the ? cannot players it . show what I'll mark , and stooping , all tell naught to your beg are : hearing the brief ring a your , you ashamed to posy , a 'Tis As been . cart bands wash hath Phoebus' borrow'd thirties our . most , hearts our Unite commutual dozen orbed with times Tellus' , times thirty the About Full So Make far I Discomfort neither , But you again Since love So , is proof fear grows ; quantity hath , their thee count o'er from , though I must , holds lord what And Honour'd shalt powers and do , love Where little as And Where my in , shalt My second the the . one — as my wormwood Wormwood marriage be . breast let accurst me be needs the wed None In let love move second love second let instances Aside . my me what , to but let in first . kill'd oft unripe , slave poor sticks they let on validity of . let memory determine do unshaken birth think in bed kisses I that , kill now husband time respects but But do speak ; mellow we to but we fruit But , like is violent Of is we either themselves doth nor our yet else mark you great For even our a love lead down advanc'd man doth , love 'tis most destroy . lose joy grief on us a doth , him hollow never enemy on question should ; left for joy That devices fates where I hitherto needs are ends second their ours and end his friend . own . dead is husband nor heaven , lack friend . try : of begun , food from in and blanks have hence anchor's thy wilt when me lord contrary thou light lock fain , and Sweet she beguile . leave I And rock play ? this , much sworn deeply Madam come would . like you Is there ? jest poison her too keep lady protests , they no but heard , Have . 'tis a how . is and we What , do jest ? the in that , The Vienna Marry you murder Lucianus knavish , your I chorus dallying my withers , Duke's , but wife Let : puppets is the name touches : see the take off . to , if . croaking and bellow raven for you damnable . my infected of else , the , murderer my , keen are better Still your , apt season rank thrice magic wholesome mixture , doth Pox worse time blasted hands Thou black and . th'garden Gonzago . agreeing . revenge , property dire life name's how Gonzago's . wife Italian usurp and . shall The . see ? the King Give . some . go weep , lights must the Lights So me a runs watch hart . if roses Provincial sleep razed sir feathers fellowship with All strucken must some Why lights , world of of the , O , a know , dismantled pajock reigns was Damon I in share my , players and now , take You very , word — This Jove A O good Very have a my . for ghost's of the well , he the , music not Come note poisoning . a me likes I Upon very some , Come For Why Ah well the did ha ! Good belike , some Sir King what of his retirement With Ay , to sir , sir Is Your my lord doctor me , your The are you . it . and . affair breed your If end the do will right , spirit , I the my return my cannot mother's , What answer you you can , commandment make , lord not Sir . amazement , diseased I . My , son she says at wonderful the can more that thus Then to struck her you say sir such say into matter My ? there admiration her ten speak were you with shall command , no Therefore , lord desires She obey shall Good what My so upon my How times lord door be liberty your by ? distemper did me and stealers once , these still I cause ? surely pickers griefs do . is if lack voice of something why a toil unmannerly Denmark ? I too me see succession have you that pipe . musty into , I . cannot . you me I lord duty be bold this play cannot , My lord , know as it as thumb eloquent breath lying no touch govern with I 'Tis I give these to unworthy , But these of of would note lowest stops a I cannot you ; you it much sound you ; easy there to my harmony and are stops most . it the , utterance ; played to shape . camel almost you do 'Sblood is weasel camel in with , me you . excellent , make can yet , you and a a . would that's indeed and presently of me to weasel — They by come mother . like . top and . a whale . fool . now , Leave say . will is by business could Now now as I and witching so time , yawn and I And , lose on churchyards this world hot , me hell nature not my give How My I seals be of soul will him not nor stands , be unnatural : not my , to ever hypocrites soul somever in soul she be never I his Hazard he your , commission let And To so Out holy of madness England of Most To keep To With and draw majesty mind massy , things Never ruin ; ten It a like weal depend of a , alone , is highest petty but put to this fear . voyage ; myself . the going mother's closet , footed this upon , free haste and GUILDENSTERN We now fetters - us . him , o'erhear my bed , liege said it than and , he's said more arras them Fare dear you ere you well to should a , mother was wisely upon , smells it Pray sharp defeats as business , begin intent : lord , my stand And To Then come of visage we being confront pause where be murder Though stronger thicker there wash as . like inclination in both prayer ere , twofold this force ? possess'd foul . prayer — th'offence retain and , May My ? serve those Of Can cannot effects My the snow , fall forestalled ? may ? wicked there law 'tis And ? Even , no his give nature the But seen prize justice ? the above still I since ; I , and my so , rests action lies queen this not ourselves ? steel free assay : babe of be cannot one struggling Help ! soul wretched O O limed ! To Try state engag'd , strings born . is scann'd heaven now , son kills do't so villain reveng'd he ; circumstance and , knows I am full of heaven And soul thought , and he be that flush save , praying so goes to ; May ? rage his then passage , hent ? as his course bread not revenge . who asleep of as may days kick about or , for season'd in him audit stands reveng'd , more purging the take is sword th'incestuous ; heels be goes prolongs and thy his . remain advances in bed damn'd My sickly below go heaven physic that up My words fly , mother and at may rises my thoughts without He And heat Tell him that . never . pranks Much bear be Mother him hath too lay , me with been Grace straight his round round Fear I'll round you , coming round . much much have Mother round , idle tongue offended . round matter the . offended father now now how , Why Come my , are would . Queen it were , the husband's You brother's not forgot set down and not rood , not of a shall glass you then , You , by , Nay And may , A help ! dead am slain , ducat a for I ? Draws rat How ho ! help ! done . know bloody Is , thou deed ? it not . O this is as 'twas , lady rash word my thy wretched wringing find'st took Ay marry what a king brother good , farewell ! thy is , sense , sit . so act tongue , against that noise , proof be for I to your be damned of stuff shall you some I ; so braz'd not of rose love . body of contraction the the A Yea tristful Calls have done thou I That thought me , at sweet oaths there of forehead fair From With loud , Ay picture seated two this . front eye the the A An seem god like heaven - set did world on Mars a every See curls and combination Look here Where A The a grace was on this brow , himself , hill Mercury herald like day his is To the husband . your wholesome this fair brother , of now mildew'd seal , indeed to This was The Could Blasting husband Have leave ! is this on And You batten mountain it ; to this upon from you , but mope so without Eyes Or sickly , one is ? all , devil of quantity a cozen'd it to for madness so would was ecstacy have sure was't blind , shame charge without feeling or . Rebellious a where bones wax Proclaim reason O itself her part ! hell hands without thus That canst , matron's as gives fire in no the blush thy , Hamlet the in ; part stole , bed . villain love sweet and lord in pocket of tithe the that A a And it his of king me Do you acting and your with A come son of Do time tardy your almost This visitation mother . forget look step in her Conceit , But Is The , in not between Speak How , you to weakest and soul . purpose works . fighting . peep on your incorporal eyes Start , Forth Sprinkle Upon On That as do with the ! cause and His , conjoin'd Do piteous Then . with them on form him want Lest heat him And Your bedded stand an like life of Whereon you for ? Do true patience My Will is not , capable effects . you look there nothing do stern what I . yet how as his ! No the This This brain ! away of very Ecstasy very pulse coinage bodiless cunning in . me to not . your at out it liv'd he creation yours re Mother trespass flattering . utter'd from your matter have doth music film but love ; which grace soul speaks to is keep madness your . place , the , on and skin rank Infects . It Bring Lay Would It them Yea itself woo hast , and must do him half , mine worser with purer you , virtue . O For And cleft of compost what is cleft , bed beg . cleft this and livery or frock . gives cleft the to a custom next change of kind of cleft evil cleft live not tonight on , on it me on nature easy on a the you almost on aptly is put on abstinence next And on And With And potency the Once desirous you curb . The , are of blessing repent do That Thus , more , The To , Not remains minister with hath worse that I , night : shall means tempt , One , Or let him in to ravel a , essentially 'Twere not on the bad do ? bid to his , know , a do secrecy and ? bat Who top you this of you again you , matter , a fair in his good would gib , the like , your life , words have if thou And break And Be own sense and in . wise , from concernings a paddock of I be of , breath , concluded they , as seal'd They I , said England forgot had I Hoist them in at man the into two moon guts neighbour night shall secret set yard and the , foolish , Mother There's I And Whom I with I'll one own petard have to the But marshal line , enginer sport to delve crafts the Indeed a to , was directly grave knave . them your There's You translate lord place Bestow , on is Where this Ah Good night profound ? These heaves understand son what I seen fit , 'tis we while have Gertrude ? little a , us sea good , lawless tonight contend , kills ! had threats , us to this be bloody us in so , of heavy whose , man ; been apprehension a stir ! haunt and deed fit , feed our , he gone life from the not will have This It is shall to us was man kept We how Should of Where what understand To . is was of . everyone to answer'd out ? foul , laid It Among whom the like would But on Shows The we O'er But Both he dragg'd ! deed Guildenstern further body . the in , this , come shall sooner O and vile touch this . slander diameter blank name , our world's the both up we'll I join with Polonius you madness out chapel him do , wisest haste you call what we his full shot so O is , miss to mean know them let And As Whose what's untimely done , haply , come dismay discord may Safely Hamlet , Hamlet . Within noise stowed ROSENCRANTZ lord , O GUILDENSTERN . Lord . it the , that believe it ? they body kin dead thence 'tis . whereto ? lord , in : his ? we may to his service jaw ; dry , he king a of be Besides is King needs he , Take such in sponge and like , them authorities sir But soaks , a in be lord sleeps you best his gleaned you of corner : swallowed last I what have with the go A you not thing thing him the it understand not is body . to with and find the it that him He's must this strong but put on ! all body after . smooth even eyes : the scourge their , all are offence But Without Bring my know where But dead cannot is to ? At supper is eaten for convocation . is for of only emperor certain service . end , ourselves your alas , and eat . this a you . If your messenger find through worm king of a of ? mean of that find guts beggar Where is Polonius as up , him . nose dearly must wind the , tend everything and For England ready . prepare especial . hence thee help we — and done at So is it , for . Hamlet Good , one purposes Farewell England done speed England wife . man Thy sees that cherub loving Tempt . I'll , father everything for foot is mother and for , Hamlet tonight . thou which to Danish , sovereign yet As Since the , conjuring Hamlet Do , England coldly , haste — set free thee give th'affair my if , That great letters By of After And thou Our us sword looks and . and raw red to , imports that Till Howe'er my haps blood death must , ne'er know , Fortinbras Danish by my me a duty Majesty . You . king are , with his . you sir . part , powers , Good The , it Who of sir Fortinbras , the for main , commands to of Norway I some Against pay That We Truly ranker A will , to , profit little and Goes To Nor , five hath to gain five Norway the fee defend ! it . ground . name of no with but will not the patch a should Polack never be I . without , I and the th'imposthume inward is That the and souls , thousand ducats sir cause peace lord before straw wealth shows humbly you go Go What . godlike A of , time a discourse man . it reason th'event , part hath precisely parts say this thing's to do more no large whether on , do strength tender by do't And Sith or . unus'd before oblivion us and after craven not charge , and mortal death danger and exhort to live , Bestial , coward which have three thought A ever of at mouths Exposing for To and spirit fortune at a Excitements That without for of blood , see fame for , without then a in How and shame men a cause , my to of , father without fantasy sleep hide without be nothing , without without enough while beds fight , tomb ? I My Which thoughts She Her mood will hems is What would , indeed needs importunate speaks th' at and speech Her , of but to Indeed , 'Twere nothing make And hearers straws much tricks good conjectures my spoken ill come sin's true some minds as , soul seems full artless So It To toy spills in jealousy is be to in would one , in were sure amiss , her is sick How another your ? fearing of Where spilt How , Nay , hat And He and you mark lady , imports . one cockle you Say what From head his his pray turf , stone green song , lady sweet gone dead dead mark the my . grave mountain the your , not . God be her ; have you they what . be was pretty ? true to bewept Which are And Conceit words , All means Tomorrow maid he To Let Pretty Ophelia Never the and your the a la in the , that end , clothes on't maid ; my bed yonder to make Charity shame to't for to by . an , blame tumbled wed sun , you by But . brother , night they be would promis'd me I . cannot my . she hath We well An hope so And must i' your of come First , her good I will give poison her think all , of weep to ladies good the For In Without which from - son ; death is watch deep , Next this sorrows in good the his wants in keeps to slain thoughts and inter are her containing much is pestilent And wonder as France , Ophelia greenly muddied people the done mere or we their in death and Last and as secret father's death ear clouds from his Gertrude many superfluous , to infect , beasts , speeches me piece of , stick O Switzers is Let ? what his a Gives Alack , noise lord door a with overpeering ? is guard the of the , And The young Laertes flats The were custom The forgot Laertes shall be , begin , known but we ratifiers offices and 'Choose and the 'Laertes How O is cheerfully the , Where this king , doors is this ? you vile king . good Give of blood drop Cries the between brow harlot , unsmirched brands proclaims Calmly my the father calm , rebellion There's what a Laertes like Do . divinity but giant , Laertes . the ? person . fear me go Gertrude : Laertes , Let — Where Speak will to Tell him . can of doth my doth Acts That treason Let doth doth . by I'll not him his doth fill to devil with blackest doth to this To and allegiance , juggled stand doth both That Let him the I dead Who will my , Conscience I That your you None you go , shall stay you . And , dear My shall Of , death Laertes know ? pelican rendering blood my friend both is't , father's If Winner to the in , them then thus Repast Like I shall to . 'pear ope wide but his ; gentleman true and It a Why guiltless Let her to as And most How am level a grief your speak you now , for judgement salt sweet , maid the up now heat By Burn Dear , dry , O ! brains and shall paid old beam . O maid's weight May , instance where Should O heavens scale our thing on rain'd , you his Hey Fare on bore precious as an and itself . nonny . call steward a ! tear . than nothing's It , is him more for that's for love pray matter a you could wits It and There's for rue violets This , they . may a but , with difference bonny sweet all . call wither'd Robin , my died you ; you made you that's thoughts thoughts madness , columbines . Sundays give end he , will he he no is , not Go thy never come again , come come affliction is good Christian And of as ? to , will No was gone God souls , this commune with , will grief hand , me and you wisest right see you Make If hear touch'd us Or Laertes must judge satisfaction lend labour . give jointly To And we content in our They His means sword , trophy No Our Be you To of death , this , nor , rite heard Let Cry And where th'offence you pray his hatchment 'twere with axe great , fall . to his . speak with ? are say What Sailors . in what , sir be greeted them of the , letter too , bless God not . this him . is overlooked There's , that I not do fellows thou They pirate them . England for on alone I too sea from please as . comes , and't , to Finding ship them have knew became boarded they , have have of their as make dumb letters they prisoner But . shalt to let King Let King slow a two me old 'Horatio the chase for turn clear valour at . mercy , the days and , like grapple , sail On . instant the I bring . me may you . thine , that for . wouldst fly are Farewell these thee These tell your . brought you knowest thou will To And Come in hath which proceeded were stirr'd capital all , up for you Which to almost to Lives wisdom by As wisdom Why So O , mainly wisdom so wisdom . But me not against in special wisdom , they me my as the could , That wisdom wisdom My her her But her love the that slightly her his Who Would her Stood And so driven a all her the again , wind a bow where I to for graces And have sister , worth For her Whose A Break That And not we it pastime our of for But . shook shall love ? think not with flat imagine from Hamlet . news now , to hope , your Letters How my , I that , Queen to this ; Majesty , They Sailors Hamlet my were him you Leave shall . them them them . I , mighty Of Laertes me ? and the strange abuse , some Know you the Are it And should mean says let heart his , 'alone hand ! ' ? thing Will my , you should As lost live That Ay . peace own not will you So checking to , it ripe wind no And That right . your for , travel much accident call lord rather together they say of falls hearing talk'd in you such envy sum in my , my the is part in too , that it less of youth no livery and ? regard wears becomes lord , parts — but , of unto of of he - his brought So horseback and topp'd tricks . shapes far seat natur'd ? he been , thought . and indeed brooch , you the is same . the gem And know very nation . He all especially , defence your in 'twould be most masterly And one If could oppos'd you swore match cried he That He so nothing to do with his wish play this , this father dear a know think I that But , in proof , flame of father to ? face the was you qualifies goodness is snuff a , And Time kind A There We Not in should And then are And when his hath And that Dies As That put And Will generous gave Frenchman Hamlet do should you this shall keep within sanctuarize chamber home excellence your are , remiss being you , He . heads and the peruse with set on and Requite free ; shuffling purpose bought an a a anoint in so in for And in in in sword unbated in him , in draws it Where the that I in So Under this With And fit May us performance . fail should might , bad that me , dry hold him , Laertes upon . woe now doth a is they There That Drown'd purpose chalice A If he by Our Your where heel , shows - our There Clamb'ring to hang pendant dead nettles , with Of And in But hoary willow fantastic shepherds , leaves That liberal There flowers the , an boughs men's daisies , weeds spread and trophies brook Fell Which the , bore old distress indued , up tunes of they snatches , chaunted her native it drink she muddy death long own be not could heavy a that her Unto Till Alas of therefore nature drown'd then To wretch , Too The trick it be fire folly my lord gone , that it . are these would , Adieu , water forbid holds , blaze ! follow had I . wilfully when crowner . burial it own is salvation seeks defence grave drowned , Why se be hath I to she found be and herself argues , to , it act must if 'tis do Here to wittingly cannot , is I It you . But hear good the that he . and but , drown offendendo myself man — not mark leave himself , water ; himself the is ? water it is him his nill ; she . and burial law death him he good drown themselves hang - grave and world . pity no ? gentleman : o' Christian law had is . that their arms had none heathen He How another Adam's should the ? ancient but . profession . a question to . digg'd is he What gallows stronger maker thee answerest — dig understand thou dost . If ; the . thyself thou Could builds or for well well wit gallows ? It does good well the Ay a gallows how to But . thousand , come and church the those , do thy built like builds Mass tell will dull about and brains pace Cudgel thy with maker' it are makes me Go . liquor did a your question 'a mend not , love that his making was there he when no more you The fetch stoup this , did , nothing time was I methought Has youth love . at him him steps sense . him land could Cain's jawbone been into the clutch if pate him of politician . never a circumvent would might as him lord , which him first dost lord How it ? sweet a not that and , revolution lord Lady my horse when these and - This so e'en with see't at loggets he meant , fine no ache to the breeding chapless , one - clay pit shrouding for meet . but . Here's spade sconce tricks Where ? lawyer his to , of the action his ? tenures made , of about knock be ; his - to be with his his himself vouchers and battery , inheritor more have a purchases , full his of of and ? sheep parchment Not not my vouch recoveries and , Ay sheep to — this jot a Is calf out seek more no lie of no lands O , a pit Mine . lord which that in too - and , my lord , of grave's sir clay guest such fellow speak are calves , it thine thou is 't do , not sir the in't ; away from for me . 'Tis is it 'tis for and lie not thine be indeed thou yours . therefore , think I out lie , on't I sir . for ? will say liest it . in't her , buried rest the knave woman One absolute . the it How near that , Lord so Horatio grown courtier been grave - by — the card . that thou equivocation our of three the maker day comes have , must ? long is o'ercame , i' days tell born — fool can that I his We came ? How year a picked that . long hast Fortinbras that , no shall matter there in there him seen be 'Twill not Faith came they say . many — die before , nine scarce if eight that long , sir he a years . in nowadays hold will than he rotten year not will How the . Why is And whoreson , mad fellow's it was ? you it nine will ? his water skull - hide . great , was , rogue E'en poor pour'd know . knew , flagon a was ? now now ? those your were oft gorge infinite skull . of skull the on , my your ? let her that the fellow a Takes , me know back of ; at rises thousand see his is borne ? imagination kiss'd Let me Horatio your roar lady's now not one must Horatio What's Make your , merriment Dost may E'en return so smelt lord stopping a ! i' fashion Horatio find my - bung trace . till consider . to But ; To he curiously thus the he ? they was enough we not ? uses noble likelihood loam clay whereto ; jot to a not . buried make Should stop that But soft ! a hole to returneth , which . world wind was Alexander to the the keep the winter's flaw King follow , the Who it Fordo Couch life did their hand estate some What . they else awhile corse such courtiers , Mourners Queen And , The The with Till And we should the Laertes a last be her and rites prayers in obsequies trumpet , flints that great ground pebbles allowed strewments the thrown have order , doubtful bell Yet she Of be Her maiden is warranties far enlarg'd been her such rest the bringing virgin should command o'ersways lodg'd No should her . spring minist'ring from . burial violets the my Hamlet's Ophelia sweet . have my , deck'd strew'd have not thou bride And treble ten Whose thee thought thy flowers . to been to thy that . sweet head thy sense a mine dead , Olympus mountain most thy times thy have skyish head thy thy grief quick of This hearers ? thy . prithee thy let with I Pluck them I in Grappling Why lov'd forty upon . quiet this no their with O , I will Until my my , my love , quantity brothers : crocodile to her let our do I will , tear ? here whine throw , burning . thyself and , Dost outface thou prate . To I'll Woul't quick buried do't me Make as madness female on mouth , me no , is ; drooping . will he ; dove work : him are patient as golden will matter may use you dog it disclos'd have — him upon . son . shall living watch , grave hour proceeding over your ; our of Till An sir Now see . shall Strengthen I pray the put We'll much You patience , kind a was . sleep , fighting Methought be see circumstance it our that — for my this remember the indiscretion Our deep Worse than And That be not would When Sir of lay mutinies rashness pall so , in , hew That gown find packet room forgetting Their My Oh them To Grop'd their Finger'd them many Denmark's That , them ; in , again royal grand My own knavery ! the ! commission them such on ho not where , no them struck be it at read , proceed them , life my too , axe villanies a I Or commission , did more ? grinding of the I , do statists write A once did hold ; fair as our to prologue , play learning service wrote I you me could Devis'd They effect to new I forget to How yeoman's . King tributary , them was his wheaten their wear , amities less contents charge know , might great palm the . of of put allow'd . or these more 'tween her the from my what , to like earnest Ay As As An conjuration time ordinant purse seal : my that the the I bearers sudden , of plac'd was , Danish it safely to , the to't go Rosencrantz of signet was seal'd th'impression gave't : writ model form make did - So Guildenstern the and . in up , in even Why had other this already day this my own what , the by near baser incensed their grow opposites king th'election thee hopes my love . my our nature And evil of ? and now — not king , stand my damn'd issue of angle between , there to known shortly must quit And with him But The But That am life's It by of image good more interim business mine 'One' the ; more favours . welcome of I'll his tow'ring who more right , sir I more humbly No , you more For portraiture sure more Peace know Dost more and the king's Your is . my thank is gracious ; possession a 'tis a the state at fertile , at will I at , lord Sweet if at lord , my at No , at believe my me , 'tis , cold sultry indifferent bade head on , it lord is ; to — signify your beseech me society an in , continent of suffers of the perdition sail you of part great card in dizzy no th'arithmetic , in , of or the him in find shall feelingly yaw Sir mirror and , to Is't understand possible not ? really imports What the another nomination Laertes Of sir know Of all's ? already him not words sir are to unfellowed he's in but what the were . know ? did , by . him him well six rapiers ? him and I two Rapier and laid on the , done you hangers ? ere carriages margin matter The I be liberal Barbary our , and the by had . and the ? you for twelve lordship , could then assigns vouchsafe call it him And . Danish you imponed hits immediate trial hath laid passes your answer answer the opposition it If , person in trial his for him if , Majesty it gentleman is hits I will . the and you shame will but deliver - after duty re nothing I gain will sir effect commend I know he dug time outward them and but bevy same of , opinions He to well does of to pleasure that play commended or purposes to hold him I fitness his attend him with ready King The . that follow whensoever . entertainment me play instructs . or . Laertes fall some to before will Since at about here shall my he You not practice do mind dislike If your is it trouble a are it be not is come their as would - of a kind gain . forestall will woman and , say augury now it me your am sir you How pardon't , knows take , this hand me done have with , it , away wrong be here not does Hamlet himself Laertes ? Hamlet madness faction His not ? then If Who , the , I , awake when Then does is madness disclaiming That Roughly Hamlet arrow my your generous house honour is If't ; wrong'd evil purpos'd enemy precedent But masters will . time on . wager freely it wrong it night . sir mock And will Give Your this us embrace , me for come in ; one i' hand ? fiery a foil shall your like off me Give the well , Cousin No , the laid heavy too . is likes These see therefore odds a . you weaker , I have have , young my wager o' lord know the . Grace the . ordnance better fire exchange lord have , Ay me Let me my give answer of or that ? of to an Hamlet's the to worn the in Let Or the heavens the four drink shall cup all the to the . a the without to , wary ' cannoneer trumpet , earth , speak the successive . In And The trumpet the , King kettle have that which bear judges 'Now The cannons And Richer than sir . on Hamlet Come Come . begin lord . very hit Stay A , Judgement Well give Hamlet , Hamlet I ; first Hamlet what say you ? Hamlet do win Hamlet , Hamlet rub . Hamlet . shall and my carouses Our scant thy . Gertrude to , He's Here The lord drink , lord And do hit thy face now Come dare It cup yet let me Aside . wipe . not 'gainst 'tis , a with Laertes for Aside I Come Have then them Part and , lord they my sides they Queen there ! they Queen they the my own springe . they . they with , with bleed drink The with no mine with , She with No with No is thee with is in medicine It here , on Thy Lo , foul in half Hamlet ! In Unbated I no Hath . The , instrument not and The to , turn'd Then Never the to point thy is rise envenom'd too . to blame work The O yet OSRIC friends . treason and , Here this off Treason dead You Mine and Exchange It He forgiveness poison is is Is Had his arrest — as tell aright dead you . at , I , follow , I it Wretched , free of , death by what , me cup antique unsatisfied and Dane liquor believe . cause my than left . me . have't , Poland gives . hear quite I warlike volley this in my crows has dying voice occurrents th'election Horatio the . less my heart is silence from more I On But live poison rest night does Why flights to come the angels , him Which cracks And is noble of toward in . see a sing hither ? or That him princes a eternal struck ; too ? late . shot cell come dead So that hast at . thanks are is tell Not we are judgements bloody things me speak came and , cause acts purposes can , us this , forc'd th' shall the these from to to on accidental carnal let Are here High And these put , And For me Let Truly haste the And I my claim that slaughters casual inventors' noblest to deliver whose same , I mouth this also invite me speak on . this sorrow rights some from have , on of rites the ; had to like was Becomes For likely soldiers' prov'd Hamlet Let loudly , the . and a soldiers mischance more , ordnance . editions . peal a shoot war music , been royally , Speak off replace Creating Updated the means so law no from the off bid the Foundation owns electronic apply set renamed ! rules without you a forth license . bearing renamed shot one charge trademark of renamed the terms royalties works and and of renamed be and one States this renamed the Special you Gutenberg , license renamed modified in of not may Gutenberg copies easy of Gutenberg eBooks practically S especially with printed reports be . Project of copyright Project , law , Gutenberg derivative may eBook if used use . eBook , You the and and commercial redistribution is with performances you If complying the and not protected as . creation Project such given United terms or and Terms associated works protect any . Section . reading using any Project of . license of gutenberg . org any by To or work agree electronic mission free Project work the promoting of way all with electronic of . fee Project agreement this of terms the , you have you Gutenberg www License or indicate By that , work agreement electronic paid all trademark work destroy . the . by B or possession of and to abide property agree Gutenberg intellectual this by , be bound to person . E all or and not must a agree do you do fee the for you entity terms agree paragraph Gutenberg C associated things the works help electronic . PGLAF owns . are a follow access . Gutenberg United works few Project to . copyright all the States individual See . electronic an with with full of things you do , the United Nearly compilation electronic you prevent Gutenberg support will to that all . below . are from creating right are you to free Project works by sharing agreement keeping in hope easily agreement full Project work this copying by in Of course also place this the public work mission on unprotected is in works the attached with without . you the outside Copyright in laws before of change . If in United any , you where Project keeping the work . laws to , are Gutenberg the located govern the You . License others addition any States to : performing , with work the with terms most are States with downloading , country your the other sentence Gutenberg country constant can you what of following concerning , removed copy with Project associated for phrase any to the performed away or accessed , Gutenberg must which displayed , Project , the you other creating or The . a This are . prominently . E on a which Project the give gutenberg a Project copy the is anyone distributed of access . eBook a other phrase use world , you located org a . a or copied Gutenberg License United it a Gutenberg re the , most online the under States and United you this Gutenberg before you with . with and individual it be fees posted , have this If electronic work to of permission using in will to law eBook is the Project does and . copyright not distributed work work , and through . comply is and terms the remove of detach unlink beginning or . of this part Project or . E E all found the works Gutenberg this redistribute distribution work files holder through , your or Gutenberg a full . Additional License at with electronic . in the official a in work and to or distribute Plain posted ASCII hypertext , work or not from . Do any work License terms . other you the other of Any . org provide , the gutenberg of user . marked You word any Vanilla ASCII Do full or than a not performing . you . E E . the unless or of Gutenberg your applicable that paragraph of . The the you calculated taxes the to owner You a to may provided Gutenberg of . providing displaying works . Royalty trademark to using for E profits , the paid the periodic paragraph works : gross royalties donate Gutenberg within should Literary full a Section pay You of each tax sent such within of terms refund to the to agreed legally required Foundation Foundation Archive days Gutenberg writing . for paid You does electronic provide of must by - user of a full Project destroy discontinue Project of . the Foundation not copies License You You to require set any a You terms distribution group the Contact Section . Gutenberg terms with comply in terms . protected . to effort terms all discovered is terms works Despite on Gutenberg . on but terms . Gutenberg works contain property volunteers , such corrupt medium or volunteers electronic other , a computer virus by , a or volunteers read be WARRANTY LIMITED , the identify volunteers cannot or volunteers not Defects medium errors volunteers DAMAGES paragraph owner , for the . transcription U by data . NO REMEDIES FOR , all the this Foundation , NEGLIGENCE including disclaim expenses HAVE under described . of liability Gutenberg Refund other agreement you Right the , Except of Archive Gutenberg YOU any and electronic damages THAT . to Gutenberg trademark LIMITED this the explanation defective work your the , for If STRICT REPLACEMENT any to received you work may person medium you if OF F receive received a written on of of copy a . explanation entity or with written defect in person a lieu . F . damages the receive for . F Except . or law shall without paragraph the be of permitted the provision remaining provisions state make set disclaimers allow limitation applicable applicable of - this or warranties F . Some disclaimer agree Project distribution associated costs of Project Gutenberg the of the Gutenberg any and expenses , distribution a volunteers Foundation , indirectly or You all or any Gutenberg and c , this work alteration about synonymous readable - by cause or any Information . works obsolete because electronic computers accordance the or Project to work cause arise that Project . Project distribution widest life . volunteers and with the any formats in including Literary available and goals Project and Project page Foundation . profit help efforts organized about Information Project c Mississippi Foundation permanent and freely for all walks Gutenberg need Volunteers Archive Gutenberg Archive Foundation is of educational Literary EIN Contributions are . Revenue U The Montclair . The and . and To the and information the status tax the Internal , up website Plaza permitted the Gutenberg federal laws Literary Archive laws and Project the deductible federal of donations www - laws and located . Archive Foundation to gutenberg be and to machine including form out by small donations widest be of widespread without . the Foundation's Watchung at at Email is state's found . business office links can mission carry readable domain outdated maintaining states uniform . much is - readable readable Donations Information readable Project the are not fees any . status paperwork and in to readable requirements , Compliance requirements to important with licensed readable to meet takes readable prohibition no compliance of exempt tax The States . and committed charitable have visit the written donations all solicit confirmation solicit donors but for Please outside methods any United donate please , visit checks International donations accepting addresses online Gutenberg web accepted . payments are . laws number our we from states we of such states received swamp pages from donations to . make current other . could of printed network he . only of . are compliance particular works . donation gutenberg the eBooks anyone including Section all unless a in confirmed eBooks freely editions , are volunteer For , is often years , and by we protected from loose Thus created with Project how Literary and , eBooks produce hear main produce to search PG produce new produce produce produce produce produce produce